Hey, Spittin' Chicklets listeners, you can find every episode on Apple Podcasts,
Spotify, or YouTube. Prime members can listen ad-free on Amazon Music.
Hello, everybody.
Welcome to episode 337 of Spit and Chicklets, presented by Pink Whitney.
From our friends at New Amsterdam Buck and the Boston Sports Podcast family.
What's going on, gang?
We're still here in Boston.
Hanging on.
Bailey, you can probably hear it in our voices a little bit, but we're having fun.
We did a couple of live stream watch parties at Hurricanes of the Garden.
Bruins at Islanders split up here.
But let's say hi to the boys.
See how everybody's feeling.
A lot of traveling.
Can I hop in here?
Could that have been the most off the glass and out?
Hello.
He was like, hello, everybody.
If you saw the live streams, we're lucky he's in the lineup.
So this guy's ready to come.
I mean, you got to be prepared.
You got to play guilty.
He's playing guilty.
But he was definitely like, hello, everybody.
It was like a mixture of a cigarette and a hello, everybody.
I was the trash guy.
I'm like Oscar the Grouch.
I wasn't hitting the long one, so I had to show it.
And I haven't done a show in a while, Biz.
I know you're watching me.
That's my entire career, buddy.
No shame in that.
Yeah, whatever.
You've got to do what you've got to do.
Gee, how are you feeling, buddy?
You've been doing a lot of traveling.
I feel great, yeah.
The traveling continues tomorrow.
Staying up all night.
I'm going to pat my back here a little bit.
I'm going to stay up all night tonight and edit.
And then I'm going to get in a car tomorrow morning.
My girlfriend's going to drive me back to New York.
And then we're going to Borelli's, baby.
This has been crazy, like the run that you guys are on.
And it's been a blast.
The last couple games in Boston, Game 3 was obviously a lot better
because Boston ended up winning.
Yes, I'm partially back on the bandwagon, if you guys will accept me. But just the energy in the
city, the playoff hockey, Frankie coming into the Lions' den and squeaking one out in game four.
All the people that showed up to Hurricanes the last couple games, guys, it has been an absolute
blast. Thank you to everybody at Barstool who set this up. And it's great to be back in the mix,
Whit. Yeah, the playoffs are great here. We learned that with set this up. And it's great to be back in the mix, Whit.
Yeah, the playoffs are great here.
We learned that with the Blues run.
I think we went to Hurricanes then, too.
We did some radio.
The past few nights have been wild.
I mean, that first game with Frankie coming in there, it had to take a lot of balls.
I swear I thought somebody was going to drill him.
And when they won game four, I can't believe nobody threw something at him. I'm very happy.
We had a solid fan base.
We didn't have any issues.
Frankie got out of there alive.
But the atmosphere in there and the bullying we got to do to him made that night so special.
I'm pointing at his face.
R.A.'s mucking pasta right in his grin.
And I couldn't believe the fact that he was, like, technically okay after the game.
I thought he'd be a mess.
He had the towel around his neck.
But still, the whole night was awesome.
Both nights.
The Saturday night got even better.
R.A. on Thursday night.
Carried the team.
No, it was like it all came together.
And then you carried me.
At some point in your adult life, you're like, it happened.
He's Carey Price.
He's Carey Price.
It's all coming together at the right time.
It's all coming.
Yeah.
It's boring, but it's coming together.
I knew this day would come.
It was the day on the town, cooking the meat in the back with my bald head,
and then the next thing you know, he's leading chants,
and 400 people are chanting, all right, all right.
So congrats to you, R.A., on an MVP performance.
So now you can pat his back too.
So G's got a pat back, and now R.A.'s got one.
Now, should we talk about that game three and the ot winner
which oh i got a couple other things here before we pass along yeah like you mentioned the fans
everyone who came out it's rare to have that many drunk boss that people not misbehave i mean i think
maybe one or two people might have got thrown out in the two i got hit with a salt shaker but we'll
leave it at that i think my buddy was one of the ones that got the move. That was Pasha.
But, no, everybody was very well behaved.
Also, like you just said, thanks to all the staff who comes here and helps us do this for Bosco.
And also thanks to the staff at Hurricanes.
They were awesome.
From the bouncers, the door guys, the bartenders, the waitresses, they were fantastic.
Just an epic thing.
And I'm also going to be joining him at Bareilly.
Game four, there was an issue with Tank Top Guy, though.
No, hold on. He was a beauty. Not my kid, by the way. Yeah. Sorry. Game four, there was an issue with tank top guy, though. No, hold on.
He was a beauty.
I'll say this. Not my kid, by the way.
Not my kid.
I am not the father.
Oh, yeah.
You do look a lot like that kid.
Dude, he said he was 28.
I wiped my brow.
He was actually a good guy.
He got dragged online because of that one moment.
But those kids, all the guys that were behind us for both nights were great guys.
Yeah.
They were big fans of the show, and they wanted to enjoy it.
So we just, you know, I had to give him the old hey you know it's like the father
i gave him the father hey i'm gonna take that ipad i'll turn this car around right now uh so
great people though like like you said i was going to bring up the we had volume issues hurricanes
back for game six we'll get a little better it did get better and louder but at the beginning
and it brought up the discussion if you don't have volume you can't watch a game six. We'll get a little better. It did get better and louder, but at the beginning, and it brought up the discussion,
if you don't have volume, you can't watch a game.
If you're ever in a bar with no volume,
you don't end up watching the game.
It's crazy how you need the volume to intently watch a game.
Is intently the word?
Yes, it is.
I'm crushing it right now.
To intently watch a game, you need volume.
That's just a random thought I need.
Most traditional sports bars will put music on the TV timeouts and whenever it is a commercial breaks.
And as soon as the game comes back on, it's right back to the game.
Full volume.
Everybody's fucking dialing.
Remember that place?
High Tops in Pittsburgh.
Shout out High Tops.
I don't even know if it's still around near the baseball stadium.
No, Diesel was the club.
Was it inside Diesel?
Oh, then I don't know where it is.
We just had a room for rent at Diesel.
So we'd go to this place.
Sorry to get off topic.
It was Pittsburgh Steelers games.
During the game, during the play, they would pump the volume, like you're saying, maximum.
Yeah, you'd be in the huddle.
You feel like Jim Nance is in your eardrum.
They would miss Roethlisberger jock sweat in the misters in the bar during the play.
It's like you're live in the action.
And if you wanted to, they'd put a needle in your ass in the back if you were dealing with any pain issues.
Just an HGH guy.
All right.
Yeah, let's move on.
So listen, then when they would go to commercial, like you said, it wouldn't just be music.
They were pumping, pumping music that would get people going.
So at that point, everyone's dancing.
I'm not dancing.
And there'd be thrown out shots.
So that was the legendary sports bar.
The Bob McKenzie mix?
The pit bull?
No, don't chirp, Gretzky.
That's the Bob McKenzie mix.
All right.
Also, too, some great photos, like standard photography,
pictures that will be posted online, epic stuff.
A lot of hanging out in the Louvre.
Maybe the best picture that's ever been taken in my life.
And then Frankie got the ultimate probably framed in his office.
Does he have an office?
We get him up quicker, but Witt wants him face blasted.
Yeah, I'm like, hey, can you please make my skin look not as white?
Grinnelli's like, I got to post this thing.
He's doing the airbrush.
Get the Kylie Jenner filter on there with the lips popping.
One fan's like, you're soft.
I'm like, what do you mean soft?
Like playing?
He's like, no, your body's soft.
I go, yeah, dude, I'm 40 years old.
I go, you're 22.
You're going to be a butterball when you're my age.
He kind of respected it, but right to my face, like, dude, you got a soft body.
He's like, I'm trying to take a pee, dude.
He's not walking 18 every day now.
That was the only thing I had.
I was pissed.
Exactly.
And I look over and like, he didn't have a name down
because it's the barriers.
Dude's like,
all right.
He had the phone.
I goes,
really fucking dude.
Like,
come on,
man.
Like,
let me fucking piss and pee.
Bad enough.
I get fucking stage,
right?
Cause I can't go on the stall
because everyone thinks you're up to no good.
If you try to piss in the stall,
just,
Oh,
I usually let fans take pictures of my horn.
It's all about the Snapchat.
It's all about the Snapchat.
Now every kid,
Hey,
let's take a snap.
Let's take a snap.
So I just started every time.
I'm just giving the piece. I just give the, I just start it every time. I'm just giving the piece.
I just give the pieces.
Oh, you turn to the piece guy?
I just give the deuces.
I'm just like deuces.
Every pick, I'm like deuces.
I kind of like it.
It's my move.
I do the Don Cherry thumbs up.
I do the peace sign.
Why?
I can't do the thumbs up?
No, no.
I just laugh.
It's just like, yeah.
Yeah.
I just opened my new business.
I'm just like posing in front of it.
I like it. I love your business.
Oh, no, no, we're good.
Hey, so let's talk about the game.
So the overtime  oh, I got to throw it back over to our
Real quick, we got to hit up your local liquor store to grab the 375-milliliter
Mickey-sized Pink Whitney's biz.
You know that.
Enjoy it when your team scores or when they get bounced out of the playoffs.
The cough shows.
The cough shows.
At the pregame or the after party, make it Pink Whitney again
and the new Mickey-sized 375-milliliter.
And, Biz, now we can go to game three.
Marshawn, overtime winner.
That's what at least they told me the next morning.
What do you got?
The nose-faced killer on which was  when it went in,
everybody kind of reacted to it.
And I was like, no, no, I reacted first.
I reacted.
R.A. didn't know the next morning, dude.
No, I was legit.
There was such a bad angle.
I didn't know that it went in.
Even though everyone was screaming around me, I wanted to see the replay.
And someone did you dirty for the next game poster for the live watch party.
That was the picture they used of him.
Dude, whoever's posted those does me dirty all the time.
That's dirty.
Dude, the last picture I had, I looked like Jabba the Hutt with 70-foot trims.
I was laughing.
You got to get on my face touch-up program.
You got to just hire somebody.
It's quick, easy money.
Find a better picture.
So the game, the way he scored, it was like so brutal as an Island,
if you're an Islanders fan, because Varlamov was outstanding.
He was like, holy shit.
We said at one point, by far and away, the best player in that game.
And then you give up one that you've got to stop.
And there was no question whatsoever they were going to go back to Sorokin,
but it was a shitty taste in your mouth for him and the team
because he kept you in that game.
And then at the end, like, I know it's a tricky shot,
but you've got to save that puck.
It felt like a game that the Islanders were going to steal,
which I kind of felt how it was a tricky shot, but you've got to save that puck. It felt like a game that the Islanders were going to steal,
which I kind of felt how it was in game four,
which was an absolute cage match, by the way.
Can we talk about Chris Hemsworth?
Matt Martin just putting an absolute fucking beat down on Tenorti, which I'll tell you this, though, given with the insertion of Tenorti,
who's out right now?
Miller with the upper body?
And Carlo, which is a huge loss.
Big time.
This is playing a major factor in the series.
Can't win the cup without Carlo.
That's my side.
No, it's a fact.
Okay.
I'm going to go back to my point.
As Tenority as the sixth defenseman to get that exchange,
because I think that fourth line for the Islanders has been extremely effective.
And, Ari, I don't know why you're gigging like that.
But we talk about the more chippiness going on in that game.
The four cross-checks to Barzell on Krejci.
And then he gives him one back.
And then also a bag tap, which I said, I think that's fucking even money.
It was fucking gross the whole night.
You saw the Barzell cross-check to Lazar.
Was it Lazar's?
And originally, think boston was
assuming that they were going to get a five minute major there and they were barking for it but after
review it was only that wasn't a five minute no but he got him in the shoulder but fuck did it
look vicious yeah it did and we were talking about how it's it's instinct to protect yourself but you
have to be smart enough where you're just protecting yourself low and you're getting him
at least get him in the liver the spleen if you get him in the spleen he's he's gonna go like this but the ref won't
see a head snap back i disagree with you um i understand the cross checks you could have called
but you have to call that if you spear a guy in the balls you got a 5k fine so if you get a guy
like that they're calling it every single time and the cross checks if creche had really gone
down and sold it maybe he gets it but right But, right, he was just, like, bouncing off of it. I think if you're tough enough to take four deliberate cross checks right to the side there,
and then you deliver one back, and I think he got one back after he reacted to it.
I mean, yeah, maybe.
It's just the look of the spear to the balls.
It's the hole in the nuts.
You see the replay, and every guy watching him in the hockey, they're like, oh.
If we know if one guy who's in control of his stick, it's Krejci.
He knows exactly how hard he was going to tap that bag,
and he got it the perfect amount.
He dropped him.
He said, cross-check me one more fucking time.
I'll scoop them both out with the end, with the sandpaper finish on the toe.
What were we just mentioning?
Oh, Halsey.
Halsey goes after Scott Mayfield.
He asked for that fight.
Got all of a sudden the crowd in Hurricanes went bananas.
Mayfield, like, obviously got the best of him.
But good play by Halsey looking to get the team going.
And I don't know what had happened prior in the shift or in another game in the series.
But that was interesting to see his start to that game. That May or in another game in the series, but that was interesting to see as a start to that game.
That Mayfield kid, he's kind of like a Carlo.
Very, very hard to play against.
He's very steady.
Anytime there's a fucking scrum, he's willing to stand up to any guy.
And I even said it, like, Boston is kind of lacking that one guy who can step in there.
Who did they have when they went on that cup run?
The guy from the East Coast in canada he was a defenseman oh he's um he was an undercover
tough guy but they had him in the lineup oh adam mcquade mcquade oh mcquade right and i feel with
missing miller and carlo together it kind of equates to that okay now they got a bit of an
answer and guys they they're willing to exchange for maybe guys like a Mayfield or a Martin.
Where it's like, it's slim pickings now without those guys in the lineup.
And shout out to Tenorti for stepping up and taking Matt Martin out of it.
Chris, a.k.a. Chris Hensworth, who I would imagine fucking how many girls
are hitting the lightsaber to that guy going toe-to-toe on the NBC broadcast.
No, there's just like every women Islanders fan.
I was making sure my girl was locking eyes with me.
I was making sure my girl was locking eyes with me when that was going on.
I didn't want to catch a glimpse of that man rocket.
Yeah, so the Islanders are doing exactly what they try to do every single game.
Both those games, they were doing it throughout the second period.
They're just slowing it down.
They're making it moments where we're like, this is a little boring.
But you know what?
Both teams are so good defensively that we said last night,
three or four times, you need a turnover to get a chance.
You need a fluky play because five on five, they're checking so good.
The gap's good.
You're not creating in the offensive zone.
You're just like almost playing give and go to each other.
I'm telling you. How much was
the play just back and forth
and nothing really was getting accomplished?
All of a sudden, that Barzell, it's a crazy bounce.
Nobody sees the puck. Besides him,
it looked like he bats it in.
Because Tuca was great in game four.
How do you fault the goalie on that?
The puck gets deflected, you lose it, and it's a baseball
swing. Back to Halsey, that was his first
fight in 10 years, the graphics said.
Somebody asked me if it was his first fight ever.
I was like, I don't think so, but I didn't remember one.
Yeah, first fight in 10 years.
There was another one.
Yeah, it was in Edmonton then.
Yeah, it would have been Edmonton.
I don't know who he fought, but there was actually a Halsey chant.
It was me in practice.
He dummied me.
It was actually a Halsey.
They started a chant in the bar the other night,
and then conversely, we had the opposite of that one.
David Postanak missed a wide open.
I mean, beyond wide open.
Hits or posts.
Guys, I miss those all the time, so that was nothing to me.
But you said you got a text from Matt Molson?
No, Frankie was showing me that.
Frankie said to me right away, like, is that going to affect him?
I said, he's a shooter.
Like, he's coming down, he's doing the same thing next shift.
I don't think so.
Mentally, yeah, you're probably a little rattled,
but he's so good at scoring, it won't.
I don't think it will.
But then he said, yeah, this could change the series, though.
Something like that's so bizarre.
Of course they go on to win.
And then all of a sudden he says, I just got a text from Matt Molson.
I wouldn't sleep for a week if that happened to me.
And he scored 30 goals a couple times.
So no doubt it's rattling.
It was shocking.
I saw my face on one of the posts.
I couldn't believe it because he could have stopped it.
He could have stick-handled it once and buried it.
It was that wide open.
Which is rare.
In the NHL, you don't have that time.
Never.
That's why the release happens right there.
And the worst part about it is on that shot, he's fading away from the net a little bit.
So it was lying there for that split second where if you're more heading towards the net,
you have a chance to pounce at that
and at least tap it in with like an extended stick.
Maybe not Mark Shrifley,
but I know Posta would have done the extended stick.
Was that a low blow?
No.
Well, fuck, I ain't writing nasty stuff to his family on Twitter.
Yeah, what the fuck.
We'll get into that later.
So I said Bruins in seven.
I think it's going to go seven.
I picked the next three home winners.
I don't know, though.
If the Islanders, this is what they do.
If next game it's 1-1 or 2-2 and they're just slowing it down,
all of a sudden they get the one chance and it's in the net.
So the Bruins, by no means, I don't think they should be worried
because I think overall they're the better team,
but it's exactly where Islanders fans hoped it would be after four.
And back to Barzell, that was a guy I said,
ah, he hasn't really made his impact yet on these playoffs.
Like we needed to see from him, right?
And what's he do?
He sets up the first one to Palmieri.
Was that who scored it?
Yeah, Kyle Palmieri tied it in.
I didn't even know that one.
He didn't do anything on that one either.
That was just bang, bang, play.
Boom.
He was the best player in the icing game for us.
And then he gets the curtain call and the fans.
And then who was it?
Clark Gillies in the crowd?
Yes.
He ended up slamming a beer and then crushing it over his head like Dana Beers.
Yeah.
So the Islanders, man, I'll tell you, all the momentum in their favor right now.
As far as the missed by pasta, I mean, the Bruins did get a 1-0 lead.
Then they had a chance to go up 2-0.
The Islanders challenged that, lost the challenge.
It's a squandered opportunity for the Bees
there. Like I said, Pasta...
I know, but we're trying to drop the drama.
We're trying to sell this thing.
We still got this.
We still got this thing.
I like this.
I like being not a part of the little
rivalry within an episode.
Right now, it's biz and R.A.
They got a little thing going, and I'm sitting on the sideline. I like getting them going sometimes.
All right.
Moving right along to the next series.
First, though, most guys have tried different ways to last longer,
but thinking about playoff stats and trophy finalists doesn't always work.
A lot of the folks at Roman, an online men's health company,
are changing the game with Roman Swipes, the secret to longer-lasting sex.
Roman Swipes are a clinically proven way to last longer in bed.
They're effective, easy to use, and fast-acting,
and they do not require a prescription.
The best part.
Roman can ship Swipes to you in discreet, unmarked packaging,
and each Swipes packet is small enough to hide in your wallet
for whenever you need it.
They're super easy to use.
Just take the Swipes out of the packet, swipe it on, let it dry,
and you're good to go.
That's it.
So go to GetRoman.com slash chicklets,
and you get your first month of swipes for just 5 when you choose a monthly plan.
That's GetRoman.com slash chicklets.
Highly recommended.
Now you're snapping around, making some plays here.
Oh, yeah.
Smart, man. You came in, you played
it safe, and now you're snapping around.
Like crazy with the bag tap.
Alright, Montreal-Winnipeg up next, but
big news regarding those two teams.
We probably know who's going to move on at this point, but
Canada, this is under no
doy. Canada is going to allow whatever team wins
the North Division to travel to the United States
and allow the team and the America
to travel to Canada, however many rounds
it needs. Players will have to go
daily to COVID testing and be in a
modified bubble.
They can't have contact with the public, but
either way, it looks like it's going to be Montreal
that's going to be visiting the States at some point.
So the Leafs aren't coming to Arizona?
Do you think?
Yeah, it was Dallas, Nashville, and Arizona.
The Leafs are
out.
But I can't believe that.
Well, actually, I shouldn't say I can't believe.
I wonder if you ask the players if they would have much rather
been had a home base in the U.S.
That's a long flight.
Well, I was going to say Colorado, but it could be Colorado or Vegas right now.
We don't want to jump ship on teams we're talking about here,
but this is getting fucking crazy.
Yeah, well, I mean, Canada's playing for what?
To play four or five games against the winner of Colorado-Vegas?
Don't do this.
Oh, man, you're going to have Canadians fans attacking you.
I'm not saying, like, I hope that happens.
I want good hockey.
You were the one who said to me already,
the North Division's been absolute trash games.
Yeah, this segment's brought to you by Bam Bams.
It's brought to you by all our Canadian sponsors.
We're just going at the North.
Take a deep breath in.
I'm not really that rattled by the fact that they've been boring games.
I'm just mentioning that Vegas or Colorado is going to work Montreal.
Am I crazy in saying that?
I think we need to pump the montreal canadians
tires first because i think they deserve credit right now because they are turning every skill
team into absolute mush controlling the play capitalizing i think they have what uh they won
one nothing in the game where toffoli scored that was a shorthanded goal correct yeah game two to
fully shorthand and then he pointed a burger van in the corner of the rink
who's just flexing his muscles on the league right now
after bullying them into a four-game sussy for Shifley,
which is something that we should probably get to.
Want to get to that now?
I was just going to say, how much are they missing Shifley?
I mean, they're getting work so bad.
I mean, they were putrid tonight, Winnipeg.
They did nothing.
And it's like, even if Shifley was there,
is he going to make that much of a difference? Well, I'll tell you
what we do know is
Dubois hasn't made the impact
that I thought he was going
to bring, especially in this round against the
Canadians. I thought, okay. And when he
went out, when Scheifele went out, I was like, alright, let's go.
Yeah, now it's your time to
rise to the occasion.
It's hard, man.
Shifley controls the middle of the ice, and he makes a lot of plays,
and he makes that top line work.
He's an elite player in the NHL.
And given the length of the suspension, it just completely has crippled this team.
And they look nothing like the team in the first round.
Like zero.
Backs against the wall in game three.
They played like the Leafs did in game seven.
No offense, dudes.
They're playing against the opposite team.
They're playing against run and gun Edmonton,
and they were the ones that were able to lock it down
and shut down two guys as best as they could, and it was it.
Now they're playing against a team who, yeah, you're right.
We've got to give the Habs credit.
Price is ridiculous. Price is exactly what everyone knows he is and there was questions
the past couple years and he's and if we say boring wit I would blame him and this is obviously
people don't people get so mad at boring if you win what do you care if it's if other people think
it's boring this isn't a criticism he is anytime he's a shot on net, it's into a vacuum. There's a whistle.
The play's dead.
You're like, oh, my goodness, another faceoff, another broken play that resulted in nothing that's going to get me excited.
That's boring.
Boring.
Because it looks so easy.
And here's the other thing.
If I watch Montreal right now, they're in the crease like Gallagher.
All these guys are whacking away.
They're outnumbering
them in like the scoring area go to the front of the net Winnipeg every shots from the outside
they have like no pressure in front of the net and I would say that I never would have bet this
I bet them to win the series so to be down 3-0 to Montreal I was like there's just no chance but
Shifley killed him and Stastny just came back. He was injured.
It's just, it was
crazy when I saw the four games.
I said like, fine with one, probably two.
Four, that's what? Like eight to ten
regular season games or whatever. They consider it double.
I don't know.
That was a lot. And you could tell he was upset.
And he wasn't just upset about that.
You mentioned it already. His family, people are attacking
his family online. What the fuck is is that about who's attacking people's family
online over hockey game too silly i think it was even more than online i mean you'll kind of expect
it online because it's filled with fucking morons nowadays but like he mentioned like phone calls
and you got to think it's can't people probably said something to his fucking family in person
because he was pretty upset i mean it seemed like more than just internet comments yeah i mean he
was pretty emotional i'll tell you what people like more than just internet comments. I mean, he was pretty emotional. I'll tell you what. People are fucking assholes, man.
They really are.
That's ridiculous.
I think, okay, four games.
Like, for the people who really want to see a change
and not see this type of collision, who knows?
Maybe you see punishments like this result in moving forward
where a guy might not do that.
But, guys, I just think that the game's so fast
and when things have to be decided
in split seconds and not when they're freeze framed and not when you're slowing everything
down i think these are going to continue to happen until the end of time quite frankly
yeah as long as it's a physical sport i mean and even when it isn't when people move around this
this fast it's we've said this a million times and if you don't play with your head up you're
going to get injured it sucks to say but you if you don't play with your head up, you're going to get injured.
It sucks to say, but you can't be skating around with your head down in this league.
You guys are too fast.
And so, yeah, more than anything, though, it was like two games I would have understood,
but four, it's like just cripples the team for the entire series
and just sucks for that guy because I know Evans is out.
It sucks for both of them.
But the fact that he's pretty much probably done now, I don't think he'll play a game.
The other tough loss in this one, Petrie.
He got his pinky finger got caught in the camera hole.
I've never seen that.
I've never seen.
Listen, let's not blame anyone who cut the hole.
But I've never seen.
Who cut the hole?
He's blaming the Plexiglas.
There's a Plexiglas company in Ohio that Biz is just irate at right now.
Well, you blame fucking Leafs guy for putting fucking Tavares in a leg lock.
Right?
No, I questioned the pickup of the athlete as he was injured,
which I believe you did as well.
Yeah, I actually got the ball rolling on that one.
But I've never seen one cut right there and that low.
So unfortunate for the Habs.
Now, could this be an injury where they're like, hey, we've got the game in control.
Let's just get you the rest.
Let's get this thing taken care of if it's like a sprain or something.
I'll say this.
Right after it happened, he put his hand back on the stick.
So I don't think it's something where it's ripped off or anything like that.
You've seen guys miss the top of their finger, right?
Yeah, like in the PLL.
What?
Like in the PLL.
Oh, yeah.
The lacrosse league.
Guys, I know we're jumping ship on conversation.
When we're together, we're a little over the map.
We apologize.
It's probably pretty good on YouTube, but I can't believe that.
That that just was brought up.
I brought it up, and we have a legit
finger-biting scandal on the PLL. Let's talk
about it at the back end of the episode.
Stick along. I think it was like the playoffs
and they're in like a bubble or something. No, the season
just got kicked off, so they travel along.
So the opposite end?
Okay, cool. We'll get to it later.
Yeah, man. It's game seven tomorrow
night. Exhibition season.
On the Shifley thing, like, when I see that hit,
that's not when I think of, like, hits we can't have in the game anymore.
That's not what I think of when that hit.
Because he didn't, like, it wasn't a head first type of thing.
And, you know, I already said my piece on it.
I don't think he deserved more than a game or two.
I don't know.
It sucks.
Like you said, a handicapper.
Four games excessive.
Way too much.
Winnipeg has nothing.
No, but, yeah, at the same time, Winnipeg was absolute dog shit tonight.
By the way, while we're talking about internet, I don't say this word all on the show, internet
cunts, people who trip your bets post-game.
See you next Tuesday.
People who trip your bets post-game are the fucking crabs in the fucking Twitter.
So yeah, after the right away, they're just waiting for the final buzzer and they're going
right over there.
And they probably don't even bet themselves, which is fucking even worse, but cowardly
fucking internet shit.
Hey, if we're talking about gambling right now, we've got to pump Merle's tires.
There was a guy on Twitter who reached out.
I think he started his account with 50.
200 he deposited.
Sorry, I was trying to make the fish a little bit bigger.
A little salt and pepper on that shit.
I love it.
A little A1 sauce.
200 April 18th, and right now he's at 10,200
riding the European
everybody rides
somehow Merles
is down 10,000
and Merles
is legit getting
his wife kicked him
out of the house
and he's
he's actually on his way
back from Sweden
right now
he's heading right
to Vegas or Colorado
for our next stream
me, you and Dupree
we live on my couch EBR Sweden right now. He's heading right to Vegas or Colorado for our next stream. Me, you, and Dupree.
We live on my couch.
EBR. Sorry to any of my female relatives who might listen to this show. Little
Brian says that. He's killing it. So are we done with the
Montreal talk? Yeah.
Shout out to the Warren.
Corey Perry with another goal. And he's using
Josh Anderson's twig.
He's using Josh Anderson's stick and he's
just so clutch. We've said it the past few episodes and last year in the finals with Dallas.
So he's finding his groove.
He loves this style of hockey with Montreal.
They're not playing that fast.
He's like, let me just be a rat in the worm in the corner,
and then all of a sudden in front I'll tuck a nice one.
I wonder if he's superstitious enough to  because he's a very superstitious guy.
So superstitious.
I don't know if his twigs weren't in at the time
or he was just having a hard time scoring,
so he used Josh Anderson's one night.
And he got one.
And then he got one, and it's evident that he's been on fire ever since.
But what if he fucking used Carey Price's stick for a practice?
Come on.
Let's say.
Give him the pink one.
Give him the pink one.
He just went too crazy.
Too crazy?
Give him the pink one.
He's not fucking sick with all the shots in it, all the nips in it.
All right, Vegas, Colorado was another fucking smoke tonight.
It was a 5-1 final.
The TV's at my back, I believe.
Colorado got called out by their coach after game three.
Jared Bednar put a max bet on them, thinking they were going to come out flying.
And Vegas punched in the mouth, took it to them, smoked them 5-1.
It was similar to the previous game, Winnipeg-Montreal game.
I mean, they had nothing.
I couldn't see the shots. They outshot them almost 2-1. It was similar to the previous game, Winnipeg-Montreal game. I mean, they had nothing. I couldn't see the
shots. They outshot them almost 2-1.
Machiso with a hat trick
and they called the misfit line. Machiso,
Smith, and Carlson, they're absolutely
feasting on the fact that Nazem Khadri's not in the lineup
right now and they're fucking eating him alive.
And us included was probably
sucking Colorado's dick after they had an easy time
with a St. Louis team. Didn't look like they wanted to be there
and now everybody's like, eh, maybe we shouldn't have kept James.
I was giving a tug.
I wasn't sucking nothing.
I was tugging.
I wasn't sucking.
He's like, I'm protecting that one.
I touched it, but I didn't kiss it.
Does Kadri have one more game?
Was it game one against St. Louis, then he got eight,
and then they played three more, and they played four?
With Batman right now.
They've appealed it 16 times.
I think he got eight.
Whatever game it was, I thought it was game one.
I'm definitely wrong, actually.
I was shocked to see Bednar.
Actually, what Bednar said I think seemed a little ridiculous for their start,
but it made sense in the fact that they blew him out in game one.
There was an article in The Athletic talking about he was screaming at them
in practice before game one against the Blues because their practice was sloppy he's like it's
not going to be easy it's the playoffs like yelling it throughout the ice then they go out and they
roll them and then they roll vegas in game one but we talked about they had game seven two nights or
a night prior against minnesota and after that it's been all vegas that game too i mean they
were very lucky to win that game, Colorado.
So then to go and lose and be that bad in game three,
Bednar's like, it's not this fucking easy.
And he's looking at them like, they have every reason to be confident,
but you could be down 2-1, no doubt, in this series.
And then tonight they come back, and Vegas just took it to them right from the start.
And who sent out the tweet that the crowd probably had something to do
with the first goal tonight?
Well, yeah, so Marcheseau thought he scored originally.
Maybe it was his reaction.
It was Martin B. Ron.
Yes.
And he's a goalie.
And he said it looked as if, though, Grubauer stopped playing
because he thought the initial shot went in,
maybe based on Marcheseau's reaction.
But they kept the play alive, and what a play bylson yeah out of the corner well he like stripped the
guy with like a one-timer pass and he yeah reach stretched one-timer passed it back to the net and
thankfully for marsh so he ended up getting a stick on it he got his first of the game goes
on to have a hat trick now going back to game to game two, I want to talk. This is probably why Bednar was fired up,
because he probably thought they deserved to lose game two
because Vegas outplayed them.
And they get that call in overtime, which, R.A., I agree with you.
You sent it to the group right away.
You said, this is chintzy.
And I agree.
It was.
It was off a face-off.
Mark Stone was quoted saying, this happens 30 times a game off the draw.
I don't know if you have it.
Yeah, I don't have the audio.
Mark Stone said the play where Riley Smith was called for slash
and Mika ran and it happens to him 30 times a game,
but he doesn't drop his stick.
He still said the Kings, Knights have to kill that penalty, Kings.
Knights have to kill that penalty.
But, yeah, it's something that a guy doesn't control his stick.
It's an awful fucking call to make at that stage at that game.
Brutal. To be fair,
Stoner has a knob
that's the size of my
mom's top drawer,
as he has it. It's the giant body
armor bottle. That's his
knob. He ain't dropping that stick.
And he's got grip tape on it, it looks
like. Yeah. He's got the
sticky that all the baseball players are using now
on the ball to get that extra spin.
I guess there's an issue in the MLB right now.
Yeah, I guess there's a big issue in baseball.
Baseball is the worst, dude.
It's like everything's either a fucking home run or a strikeout now.
It's awful.
Yeah, I don't know what pitchers are too good now.
There was an article about the stuff that's on the ball.
The league average is like 228 or some garbage like that.
This happened in the 60s, and they raised the amount.
Did they lower it? No, they were getting too many 60s, and they raised the mound. Did they lower it?
No, they raised.
No, they were getting too many home runs, so they raised the mound six inches.
No, but back when like Bob Gibson for the St. Louis Cardinals,
I think they lowered the mound.
No, they raised it.
They never lowered the mound?
I don't think they've lowered it since they raised it in 68.
I don't think they have.
They fucking lowered the mound, dude.
They lowered the mound.
Can I drive this back on the tracks?
No, I got in the rivalry.
This is fashion baseball.
Going back to...
Kadri has two more games.
Kadri has two more games.
Mikey just popped in.
Oh, great.
So you're right.
Oh, great.
Don't panic, Colorado.
I hope the mound got lowered so much right now it'll make my week.
It definitely got raised in 68.
That's all I'm saying.
Okay.
Shit.
Going back to fucking actual hockey for a second.
The penalty.
I thought it was chintzy.
The reason I thought it was chintzy is because Rantanen had one hand on a stick.
The stick didn't come up from high.
It was off the faceoff, initial contact.
And, guys, that's chintzy for overtime.
Smith was red hot. but I tell you what, this guy is,
he's the honey badger of the group.
He's the Chris Kunitz of the Vegas Golden Knights, no offense, Witt.
He has been tremendous.
He got a nice tire pump from Peter DeBoer,
who has inserted Ryan Reeves back into the fucking playoffs.
Yep.
Seamlessly.
No doubt.
They did lower the mound.
Suck on that wit.
I said they lowered the mound.
I said they raised it in 68.
They raised the mound in 68.
What did he just show you?
He said they lowered the mound.
I just said at one point in baseball they lowered the mound.
And all I said was they raised it in 68.
So maybe we're both right.
Okay, Biz, you were right.
Great, great recap right there.
I'm sorry.
I was focused on baseball.
I tried to the end, and then I tried to say something about DeBoer.
No, you know what?
I didn't read the Bedknot quotes, which I should have,
because they're pretty fucking scathing for a coach.
He said for five periods straight they've been the more competitive team that we've been.
To dissect it further than that, it's a waste of time.
We're kidding ourselves if we think that's the competitiveness we need
to beat the team that tied us for first in the league.
Go ahead and check the numbers on our top guys tonight.
See what they did compared to their top guys.
It's not close.
The hottest working player we have right now is Philip Grubauer.
And Landerskog agreed with him.
And that's why the fact they laid this egg plant was even baffling. It's stunning. the hottest working player we have right now is Philip Grubauer. And Landis Skog agreed with him.
And that's why the fact they laid this egg plant was even baffling.
It's stunning.
It's actually stunning.
You can't blame Grubauer, although I'd love to,
because it would make my opinion early on about him in playoffs, right?
But he has not been the difference.
I will say the Marchessault bank goal probably wasn't great. I don't think the patch ready goal tonight probably shouldn't have gone in necessarily.
I can't fault them for tonight's loss.
They're not winning that game, although that was a pivotal goal.
But I'm still going to eat the L on the Grubauer.
This has nothing to do with Grubauer.
This has been all Golden Knights.
And I wanted to pump Revo's tires
because this is how much confidence that this team has in him.
He got suspended two games. Who came in he he was solid i think sakura dylan sakura i believe sakura he
was he was effective he played his 10 minutes a night like revo would would i think he had one
shot in the first game uh three shots in the next and but hey they don't bat an eye revo's out there
for warm-up i'm interested to see if they're going to throw them in given the success they've had in game two and three yep and they do it and i think
he ended up picking up an apple on one of the last goals he did on the fifth goal yeah and like
holy shit dude man this if i'm colorado my fucking arsehole is puckered up about this goddamn tight
right now yep and and deborah has like the team to be able to lock down Colorado.
As best you could do.
As best as you could do, Biz.
I was throwing a tongue dart there. I know.
I respected it.
I respected it.
I think that DeBoer is such a good coach.
And Vegas, once they got home and got the last change, I mean, game two they were really good.
But once they get home, they get the last change.
And you can see the matchups and you can tell DeBoer knows how to like, all right, we get in mckinnon's face we just can't get him get him give him any space in the neutral zone
i don't know exactly how you go about doing it and there'll be a way mckinnon can like fight
through and get more chances but they've done a great job of keeping these guys quiet because all
those lines on vegas they skate and they all play good d and they're just a difficult team to play
in their own building peter de boerer is like top-notch coaching.
Yep.
We kind of are seeing to McKinnon what happened to McDavid against the Jets.
All of a sudden, you would see, what, four or five times a game,
he would just break through the neutral zone.
All of a sudden, they're buzzing around the fucking offensive zone
for like a straight minute.
They got home ice advantage now.
Their response in game five is going to be all i need to know
about what this team is and holy shit tip your cap to vegas man and that home crowd because that
just they just swung the series because i i would if i could change my pick right now i would say
vegas and seven really oh yeah oh yeah oh yeah like like like colorado ain't even close the
the biggest concern i would have is a colorado
avalanche they're going home dude no hey listen mick uh and kale mccarr the video game player
on the back end he's he's getting jammed up he's getting well it's just he ain't doing what the
fuck he's been doing all season long either everything's quicker in the and then the more
rounds you go it gets even more intense. And Vegas is on him.
I mean, he still had some great plays in this series, but you're right. All these guys after game one, you haven't seen the Harlem Globetrotters display that they'll throw into some games.
And so Vegas has figured out a way.
But like I said, last change really does matter.
Colorado's going home.
Altitude?
They just got ripped and put up an absolute dud.
So he's not going to rip them again publicly. That didn't work yeah so let's see what goes into game five that'll be a great yeah you can a you can only play that card so many times
yeah you're like shit that didn't work now now I gotta be like I love these guys you know I love
these guys I didn't mean it the other night you come in with like a sword send them flawless
um 17 game playoff streak point
streak ended tonight it was going back to 2020 the eighth longest in playoff history
miko ranton and he had a 17 game point streak and mark andre flurry who's been absolutely
fucking stellar it was the 18th team he's beaten in this playoffs career second after only patrick
wah so pretty good stuff also boys boys, I think we can declare
the Fortress in Vegas the loudest
building in the league at this stage. I know
Carolina got a case. Other than the jobbing.com
in Glendale, I would say
for WWE. Echo, echo,
echo.
You just hear biz.
Not echoes.
He's doing a swipe
up. That's just what you hear throughout the arena
stop oh fuck all right boys any other stuff on this series you want to share before we
nothing nothing we're a little giddy don't mind us it's been a what time is it right now a while
4 30 in the morning it's midnight it just feels like it yeah it does uh we know we haven't even announced that guest yet we're not
bringing him right now hall of fame goaltender billy smith probably should have said it when
we talk about the island this 10 minutes ago but either way awesome interview we got coming and
what's crazy too is we interviewed grant fiora and billy smith on back-to-back days and they
were one and two well billy smith won it for the vesna trophy back in like the 82 it was
and we didn't plan it that way it was pretty crazy when we found out after the fact.
This guy, he was probably Ron Hextall before Ron Hextall.
Yeah.
How about the one?
Well, I won't ruin it, but when I ask him about, like,
fighting other goalies, he gives a great answer.
Yeah, yeah.
Well, again, get into that a little bit later.
We still got some more series to cover.
But first, everybody knows that looking for a job can be stressful
and frustrating.
You get ghosted, told you're overqualified, underqualified.
It's no fun, which is why you need to try ZipRecruiter.
ZipRecruiter knows that the general experience of looking for a job is pretty sucky.
Zip wants to help make things easier for all the job seekers out there,
which is why they're teaming up with Barstool to help us find the newest upcoming interns
to join the pirate ship this summer.
By going to ZipRecruiter.com, you can see all the upcoming opportunities open for the
summer.
ZipRecruiter attracts the best candidates for us as employers, and as a job seeker,
it's so easy to use.
When you sign up for ZipRecruiter.com, you can create a free profile, then you get matched
to great jobs plus a lot more.
ZipRecruiter will proactively pitch your profile to employers whose jobs might match your experience. Unlike with other job sites, if an actual person from the company
really likes what they see, they can personally invite you to apply for their job. Plus, if you
like the job, you can apply to it and many others with just one click. It's that easy.
No wonder ZipRecruiter is the number one rated job site in the US. So go to ZipRecruiter.com,
sign up for free, and put ZipRecruiter to work for you.
And don't forget, you can even search Bastl
and apply now for our upcoming internship opportunities.
Great way to get your foot in the door at Bastl.
No matter what type of job you're interested in,
experience the better way to find it at ZipRecruiter.com.
Oh, my goodness.
Was that flawless?
How do you do that?
That was a tough one.
I don't know how you do that.
That wasn't flawless, but thank you.
In second grade, they started reading, and then you learn how to pronounce the words,
and then you learn how to read the words.
It's crazy.
It can't go from the page to my brain all together.
I used to read second language.
I used to read some of the class when I was in first grade.
I thought you deserved stick taps for that.
I was a very advanced reader at a young age.
You were the kid dying to get to read the paragraph in the room?
Yeah.
Were you Crosby of the classroom?
Always leading the drills?
Already asked for more homework.
No, no, no.
As long as it was Playboy article write-up.
I was not that motherfucker at all.
But no, they would have me read even like Cloud Grids a couple.
He'd give the teacher an apple, but it'd already be one of those ones you poked holes
into smoke you read to other classes yeah they would have me like read tough crowd read like
i was just so what he just said i didn't give an apple to the teacher you'd smoke through i thought
it was fucking funny give me a nod wasn't even listening i was more thinking if he just told me
that he used to read your classes.
Is this not another shocking thing about him?
He used to go to the other classes?
They would send him as the reader.
No, like when I was in first or second grade, yeah.
I was definitely advanced more than most of the kids.
They would have me read to either second or third grade class.
Whether it was a story or whatever, they would have me go in and read to them.
No bullshit.
My mother would watch for me.
We got to have all of you doing this around Boston.
Dear Playboy, your wife doesn't want to fool around.
You need to go do public readings.
It's a classroom.
That'll be your college business.
Just like President Bush.
Wasn't he doing them?
I never got that Playboy photographer job, so remember that.
It was that and Jeopardy.
But then you finally got your name chanted at Hurricane O'Reilly's by 400 people.
It is what it is.
I feel like it was like a thing for clout in middle school where the teachers would be like,
yeah, I'm going to fucking send over my best reader to your class, play on your turf,
and he ain't going to skip a goddamn beat.
And then the teacher's like, you sent this guy?
He takes your fucker with him.
And he just kills it.
And he just like, la-la, la-la, la-la, la-la.
Like comes in with like an absolute performance.
Did it change it to a sing?
Well, I'm saying that's how good it sounded.
Yeah.
I was picturing an opera with RAs up there with the crown, the Caesar crown.
What's the thing?
The toga?
My George Clooney cut.
I don't know, kid.
We got to get back.
We got to talk some hockey.
Oh, fuck, yeah.
Let's take it to the actual stuff.
R.A. reading.
It's like in living color skit.
Nowadays it is.
Tampa Bay, Carolina.
Remember when Kucherov was hurt and that gif of sting coming out of the ceiling
and wrestling?
That was the most appropriate gif ever.
Because, I mean, the stat most points through the first 100 career playoff games
among active skaters.
Sidney Crosby, 118.
Nikita Kucherov, 112.
Gino, 111.
I mean, Tampa Bay, that game, what was it, Saturday?
Eight goals in the second period.
Tampa ends up winning 6-4.
Takes a commanding 3-1 series lead.
Carolina's goaltender, man.
He started Ned the first two games.
Didn't pan out.
Mrazik was good in the third game.
He was a disaster the other day, man.
He was good in the first and game four.
He stopped Maroon on that breakaway, and everyone's like, oh, fuck, yeah,
he's back in rhythm here.
And then all of a sudden, Carolina came out firing.
What were they up, 4-2?
They were up 4-2, and then Tampa scored four straight.
Oh, we said it last podcast.
If you want to play any type of game, okay, let's go.
They'll do anything.
Hey, you want to open things up?
They've done that this series.
They've done it both ways. Hey, you want to open things up? They've done that this series. They've done it both ways.
Hey, you want to open it up?
You want to try this?
Okay.
All right.
It's like Fast and Furious when, like, who was the fastest?
Paul Walker, R.I.P.?
No, no, the original guy, the bald guy, Vin Diesel.
Vin Diesel, like, he's like, you really want to do this?
Like, that's all right.
We'll go run and gun.
Cooch is like, yes.
I live my life a quarter of a point of a time.
You know that? Oh, yeah. He says a quarter of a mile. I say. I lived my life a quarter of a point of a time. You know that?
Oh, yeah.
He says a quarter of a mile.
I say, I lived my life a quarter of a point of a time.
That was quick.
That was quick.
I've never seen a Fast or a Furious.
Well, I remember going, I remember, I think I went to the first one,
and my cousin and I, we were laughing.
This is so dumb.
And there's been, what, like 12 of them?
Like, shows what I know.
But I just think Tampa Bay, when they're all going,
I don't know if anyone's beating them.
I picked them to repeat because I said I'm not picking this team
to not win after what they did in last year's bubble
and basically the entire team coming back.
So they can do it any which way.
Kucherov, the goal he scored, the one-timer,
the last goal that made it 6-4, or's like, or maybe that made it 5-4.
He's so quick and able to just get the puck off his stick
without anyone even realizing it's happening.
Mrazik was already drinking his water bottle.
Yeah, Mrazik's like, oh, what's going on here?
I'm surprised they left him in.
He was.
He was on one knee.
He's like, fuck this shit.
Yeah, why was he?
Why did we open it up, boys?
He's like, I didn't like this style.
Pandora's box.
What the fuck are we doing here?
You guys want points?
I'm getting embarrassed.
Take another fucking penalty.
I'll fucking take my pads off, you assholes.
And it was 4-2, what?
Just a little bit into the second?
Yeah, there were eight total goals in the second.
I think they said twice there's been nine goals scored in a period.
Brady Shea tried to give himself a penalty, and they sent him back.
That was crazy.
That was the craziest play. He went to the box in his own volition, and they sent him back. That was crazy. That was the craziest play.
He went to the box in his own volition, and they're like, no, you didn't get one.
He legit high-sticked him in the nose.
And then Koop was losing it.
I understood why he was losing it.
All four guys, and the puck was right there.
It wasn't away from the puck.
So the guy buries him in the face.
You miss that.
Then the guy then goes to the box.
He's like, yeah, they got me.
And all four of them still are like, no.
How at that point do you not say, hey, one of you guys saw it, and then he went to the box.
We got him.
Well, and then the picture comes out of the officials.
Then the picture comes out the night before the officials were doing fucking Pink Whitney shots of each other's belly button at the bar.
So then they're playing guilty.
There you go.
Now we got a whole online fuss.
There you go.
Pink Whitney.
That was a lot, guys.
That was bad. Tampa Bay, nine straight We got a whole online fuss. There you go. Pink Whitney gets you every time. That was bad.
Tampa Bay, nine straight wins after a playoff loss.
Six straight game fours they've won.
I mean, and Avast, he didn't have his best game.
He gave up one bad goal, but when the push came to shove,
didn't give up any goals in the late period.
On a serious note, going back to game three,
that Slavin to Terravine and touch pass to Ajo.
One of the best I've ever seen.
One of the most gorgeous plays I've ever seen.
I don't think I got enough credit.
If you haven't seen it, go look at it.
And I'll tell you what, man.
Ajo, who I thought had the winner in overtime in Game 3, was actually Stahl.
Yeah, winning off Stahl.
That guy has been an absolute beast.
He's like a fine line getting better with age.
But, God, Carolina, man.
They need show check.
They got to be kicking themselves in the ass after going up 4-2 in that game,
and then you're going back home down 3-1 to Tampa.
And I'm assuming they're talking about not opening things up for game five.
No, we're going to try to shut them down, guys.
We're going to shut her down.
That was Saul's second OT winner.
Sorry, second OT winner of the playoffs as well.
And Carolina, we got some of the penalties in that game.
I know people thought it was a ref show a little bit.
They just kept taking stupid penalties.
I mean, Svechnikoff, he's too good of a guy to take three penalties,
especially two of them were really bad.
And, you know, Brindamore called them out in the press afterwards as well
for the shitty penalties.
You have to.
I mean, you can't.
You're playing against that team.
It's like the whole goal is, guys, let's just try to literally not get one penalty.
We're going to get one or two.
Let's not get five.
And then one guy, one of your best players, gets three.
There's no recipe to really beat Tampa when everything's going well,
let alone if you're going to be in the box.
Tampa's a wagon.
Yeah, three for six in the power play.
Stamko's got two of them.
Braden Point, this kid is a fucking gem.
He's a joke. He's unreal out there. He changes speeds, like in the neutral zone. Stamkos gets two of them. Braden Point, this kid is a fucking gem. He's a joke.
He's unreal out there.
He changes speeds in the neutral zone.
He'll slow it down, and then all of a sudden he sees a whole burst.
He's so quick.
He goes to the net.
He really does it all.
Tyler Johnson, he's playing lower down.
Waver wire Johnson?
Was he on the waver?
I think they put him on waivers at one point.
Yes, yes.
They did.
They did.
They did.
I feel like every guy who's been on waivers this year has went on to like.
Spezza.
Spezza.
Adam Henrique, who just won a gold medal as a captain with Team Canada that went overseas.
Congratulations.
Congratulations.
But back to point.
He is.
I feel like this year's Palat is Killorn.
Killorn's been one of their best players.
Just to beat six goals now?
What's he got, six and six for 12 points?
I mean, come on, man.
That's top tier.
I mean, it's not Kucherov staying out of the top ropes,
but it's a good run so far.
No doubt.
Yeah, he's having a hell of a playoff so far.
He kills penalties so well, too, that he's not just scoring.
He's so hard to play against defensively.
He finishes every single check.
His shoulder pads to shin pad ratio is maybe a little too big.
The big dogs up top.
He's got to protect his shoulders for golf.
Six, five, 11, and 10 games so far, Biz.
So, yeah, you were close.
Oh, I was close?
You were very close, yeah.
Hey, can we talk about his shoulders and how big they are?
I don't know if they're as big as that snuff you just put in your top lip.
I think it's the old Douglas shoulder pads.
Like, he brought me back for this.
Like, I don't know.
They're enormous.
What a middle linebacker wore in high school.
NFL Blitz.
But he gets it done.
And now you don't want to run into him because NFL Blitz is a great video game.
No, no, he looks like the NFL Fox guys,
those little robots that pop up.
Earl Campbell, I said.
Yeah, those are big shoulder pads.
Braden Point only makes 6.75, too.
Fire the agent.
Tell him to get Witt's guy.
All right, enough of the shoulder pad talk, Biz.
We're going to move on, but first,
I had to move my chair over here
because I have to apologize to Ryan Whitney.
I was wrong, Ryan.
I was wrong.
They lowered the mound in 68. I've been, Ryan. I was wrong. They lowered the mountain 68.
I've been making a bad analogy for about 25 years now.
I just learned so.
The room doesn't seem that happy that I'm happy, but I'm so happy.
There's probably a reason.
I'm sure there was a few of you screaming at your cell phones.
What's the thing in the car?
That's a steering wheel.
It's a radio.
Windshield.
Roof.
All right.
All right, players.
It's time to bring on Hall of Famer Billy Smith.
This is a great interview with a legendary goalie.
I know you guys really weren't around for him.
This guy's tapped.
Yeah, he was maybe the original psycho goalie.
Gentleman off the ice, but a fucking maniac on it.
But first, this interview
is brought to you by our friends at Body Armor.
Body Armor, it's what you should be
drinking to stay hydrated this summer, especially
in this stifling heat. It's been hot as
an oven up here in Boston all week. We've been
downing this stuff to keep us hydrated.
Today's athletes deserve more than your grandfather's
tired old salty sports drink,
which is full of artificial dyes.
Enter Body Armor armor made with
potassium packed electrolytes antioxidants and b vitamins plus no artificial sweetness flavors or
dyes body armor sports drink provides hard work and hydration and more plus it tastes great i've
been slugging the fruit punch all day because i'm a wee bit dehydrated you can also enjoy the
watermelon strawberry berry lemonade and the orange mango. Body Armor helps today's athletes stay on top of their game.
Body Armor, available for purchase in-store and on Amazon now.
Learn more at drinkbodyarmor.com.
And now, Hockey Hall of Famer, Billy Smith.
Well, we're very happy to bring you our next guest,
another member of the New York Islanders dynasty of the 1980s and this guy was a key part of them winning four straight stanley cups and 19 straight playoff
series a record that probably won't get broken he also won the vesna trophy in 1982 and the
con smite trophy for playoff mvp in 1983 not to mention he was the first goalie credited with a
goal in nhl history and to cap it off he was elected to theie credited with a goal in NHL history. And to cap it off, he was elected to the Hockey Hall of Fame in 1993.
It's a pleasure to welcome to the Spitting Chicklets podcast, Billy Smith.
How are you doing, Billy?
Good, good. Great to be here with you guys.
Great to have you.
So you're getting ready to run the aisles in the playoffs or what?
Well, hey, they're doing well this year.
Let's hope they can keep going.
But playoffs is a whole different story.
Absolutely.
Become a different animal.
And that's where we're going to get to, Sheldon.
Incredible playoff career.
I mean, we just said it.
Four Stanley Cups in a row, 19 straight series.
Do you honestly think a team will break that someday,
even given some of the stars we have today?
It's very tough, especially today, to keep, you know.
Once you win a Stanley Cup, usually it's very tough, especially today to keep, you know, once you win a Stanley Cup,
usually it's your third and fourth lines that help you more than anybody can
ever understand.
And when you lose maybe somebody really good on the third line,
that could also just about ruin you.
That's how deep the league is. You're thinking now, eh?
It's just like, it's, it's so competitive the way the game's gotten.
It's competitive.
And if somebody gets hurt in the first two lines and you're really strong,
third line guy steps in, uh, you really don't, you really don't miss it.
It's like us. I I'm a firm believer.
We would have never won a Stanley cup without Butchie going.
And he came over from LA, right?
Yeah, we got him from LA.
And in fact, I was the one that told Torrey
that if we're going to get somebody,
Butchie going would be a great asset to get.
Come on.
Yeah. And it was funny because
when he came in,
he gave us two first lines.
Our team was
as good as it was, but with Butchie there, we could put,
you know, for power play, you could put either one of those lines on.
And then what happened is our third line, you know,
what we call our third line was better than most second lines.
And our fourth line was better than any third line.
So it was just like, ow, all he had to do was roll the lines was it
because you'd been there so long and they'd earned you'd earned their trust that they were willing to
take your word on a player like that you know obviously it takes a lot of jam to step in there
and vouch for a guy to bring him over well i played with butchie in springfield when we won
the calder trophy so i knew butchie butchie was a real good friend the two years i was in Springfield when we won the Calder trophy. So I knew Butchie. Butchie was a real good friend the two years I was in Springfield and going to training camp in LA, you know, in Victoria when
it was LA. So I knew him and they knew how good he was too. They just never thought he'd be available.
Interesting. And then, you know, you were a guy who I saw a video, you mentioned,
you were just happy to get drafted, happy to have a chance to get a team to give you a real look.
And when you ended up being selected where you were,
you didn't at all have expectations.
You were just kind of happy with how it went down?
You're right.
I never expected anything.
The funny thing is we never knew about the draft in our day.
I think I got called a week or 10 days later
after I'd been drafted.
I had no idea.
I get a phone call.
LA's called somebody from LA.
And I go, yeah, LA, what do they want?
And that's how I found out.
And believe me.
A week later?
At least a week.
Wow.
Courier pigeon shows up, eh, Billy?
Yeah.
It was pretty weird. Wow. Courier Pigeon shows up, eh, Billy? Yeah. Pretty much.
It was pretty weird.
But, you know, like, you know, I thought, okay, here I go, you know.
I went to training camp, and Boo Landon was there,
and Boo Landon said to me right away, he says,
don't worry, kid, you're going to Springfield with me.
I said, wow, how do you know?
He says, and Jack Norris was there in training camp in LA.
And actually, Boo Lennon and Jack Norris
were the best goaltenders in the camp in LA.
And neither one of them got a shot
because their name wasn't big enough.
Really?
Yeah, it was scary.
Like, just watching those guys, I said, oh, you know,
we go for a beer and I'd say to those guys, I said, oh, you know, we go for a beer.
And I'd say to those guys, you guys are the two best.
And neither one of them.
Doesn't matter.
Well, when you went to Springfield, you had, I mean, that team was loaded.
I saw you won the Calder Cup.
So just getting that run throughout the playoffs and experiencing pro hockey
that way must have actually been great for your development.
Oh, it was.
Don't take it wrong,
but Boo Landon did the best thing he could possibly do for me.
He separated his shoulder the first game and didn't come back.
That's what it takes sometimes.
And I'm joking.
Boo was a great guy.
But what ended up happening is he got injured,
and for me, it put me right in the opening spot right away.
And Johnny Wilson was a coach, and he kept bringing in goalies that were 30 years old
because I was only 20 at 19, 20 at the time.
So he brought in the older guys trying to take my job.
But what ended up happening after two or three games,
they'd throw me back in and
look for somebody else and I just got to play and when it came to playoffs Johnny Wilson said we're
going to win or lose with you kid way you go wow at that point in time how you develop this
seriousness before games because one of the things that everybody's heard about you I'm sure
is that you wouldn't refuse to talk to teammates on the day of a game.
Yeah, I was that way even in junior.
I always feel you're going into battle, you better be prepared.
And that's the way I was.
Not that I thought of anything.
I just wanted to be left alone because I didn't know what I might have to do.
Yeah, you say going into battle,
people should have had bulletproof armor on skating through your crease.
You were chucking just rocket slashes off guys' ankles and knees.
I mean, I'm assuming that started in junior too.
Well, I thought there was a rule you weren't supposed to be there.
This is my home.
That's my home, buddy. Don't come uh no that's that's the way i played
like you guys know what what it was in the old days you run through the crease you do this or
that and fortunately for me i have a certain personality that i don't mind mixing it up
so i always said if you're going to try running me,
I'm going to protect myself
and then go a little bit above it if I have to.
At what point did you develop the nickname,
the hatchet man?
At what point in your career was that starting to float around?
I think after about third or fourth year,
I think it started.
And that's just the way you did it.
Even to the point where after playoff rounds,
you refuse to shake hands with the other team, correct?
Well, it happened one game that was against the Rangers.
Like we beat the Rangers up and it was, it was really difficult to win.
You know, there was a lot of things said, New York,
everybody thought the Rangers were just going to walk over.
So I just kind of said the hell with it. I just skated off the ice.
So of course, you know what the reporters are like and everything,
what bad attitude, what this and what that, you know?
So once I realized how much it affected them, I just said the hell with it.
I'm not going to do it. It wasn't that I didn't like the guys.
I mean, when we beat Gretzky out,
Gretzky and me ran into each other in the hallway.
We shook hands.
And when they beat us out, I looked for them
and I went and congratulated them.
Him and me never said anything about it.
But it's just that sometimes you do something,
people get so upset over it it you kind of laugh at it you say well hey if this is gonna if this is gonna create something why not just
keep doing it just the ultimate pot stirrer i love it and you know again if i'm in their heads
that's a that's a leg up that's clearly you're You're getting going here. That's his MO right there, that guy.
Hey, we all did crazy things, you know.
Like I said, I never talked to reporters for almost seven years.
But in everything I've heard, it's right when the game ended,
you were the most normal guy.
It was just when you're out, when those 60 minutes,
or I guess the whole day of, so pregame skate, meal, nap.
But you know what I'm saying.
On the off days, you were normal.
You were hanging out with everyone, right?
Oh, yeah.
I was the best team guy they had.
I'd go to the bar and make sure everybody got home.
But it's just when you go there, that's why in our day,
we didn't make friends with anybody like the old John Ferguson years.
You never talk to the opponents.
You don't get to know them because you don't know when you're going to be
fighting them, and you can't fight a friend.
It's tough.
Like Butchie Goring, I always told Butchie,
I may not know it's you standing there, so you know what I'm like.
Butchie says, yeah, I'll stay out of your way.
I said, okay.
So on a pregame, did you guys used to skate the day of the game beforehand?
I never.
That wasn't a thing back then.
So would you even go to the
Oh, it was.
Oh.
The whole team went.
If I was playing, I wouldn't go.
Ooh, you'd get the  and then that's how you got left alone.
Now, if something had to get to you before the game,
was there one person that got
the green light in order to talk to you no nobody did oh my goodness so if so i'm sure at some point
did anyone try to antagonize you a little bit by trying to spark things up or did they just like
know that you would have probably got got a blocker to the jaw or something you you gotta understand
all the guys knew what it was like, what I was like.
And I felt so sorry for Billy Carroll because he sat beside me and I never
talked to him. Billy just,
Billy just talked to the other guys and just leave me alone. And of course,
you know, I'm,
I've only got one guy on one side because the door is right beside me.
So it was just a standing thing that guys knew like they come in they say
they nod to me and i'd nod to them that was it are we ready let's go hey biz uh one time all right
you'll appreciate this one time i in practice i hit nicolai hobby boolean up high right he was
furious and then i just picture you and i multiply it by, I'm guessing, 10.
Like if a teammate ever caught you high in practice, it was game on, no?
Well, yeah, I like Chase Boss down the ice one day,
but there was two small guys that grabbed me, Clark Gillies and Bobby Knott.
So I didn't get to do anything.
But like practice, what is it?
You skate the length of the ice, put head down and fire the puck and to me that that was just stupidity so if somebody hit me high i'd go after
them that's for the that's where the screws are loose uh going back to the the early days uh so
you were drafted by the kings after what, what, one or two seasons,
you ended up getting picked up in the expansion draft?
Yeah.
What was that experience like?
I mean, you just talk about going through the system in L.A.,
winning a Calder Cup, and all of a sudden now you're getting picked up
and moving across the country.
The fight tried to make it quick.
What ended up happening
we won the calder trophy the next year back then we had no money so you get the envelope to go to
training camp i put down pay for everything so they made a mistake they never sent me a ticket
so weekly training camps going on for a week. I'm sitting at home.
So they call me and everything. So you know what it was in the old days.
It's now I've got a bad attitude because the guy says,
buy a ticket and get out here. And I says, buy a ticket with what?
I said, send me a ticket. So they sent me a ticket. I got there. So right, right away, I have a bad attitude.
And really that year I was the best goalie LA had so when I went to Springfield they sent me to Springfield I knew right away
just by they didn't give me an exhibition game they didn't give me anything so I went to Springfield
and Gary Dineen was the coach and after every game in Springfield, he'd walk in, go to the counter, grab a beer, come back, open a beer, hand it to me.
And he'd say, I don't know why you're here, but am I ever glad I got it.
I was having fun. I was having fun in Springfield.
And even when L.A. called me up at the end of the year, when Rogie Vassar got hurt, they said, Gary didn't need shakes.
He said, oh, we're in trouble now.
He says, you're going to LA.
I says, no, I'm not.
He says, what do you mean?
I says, send the other guy.
I don't want to go.
I says, they treated me like that.
I'll just stay here and play out the season here.
He says, you have no choice.
You got to go.
Was Springfield nice back then? Cause it's a dump today.
No disrespect Springfield.
Springfield was great. The people were great. You know, it was,
we played in the old building, you know, in the fairgrounds and that we,
everybody knew everybody. I mean, you couldn't get in trouble if you tried.
I guess that kind of speaks to your loyalty.
Now, at any point in your Islanders career,
did you have the opportunity to move on,
or are you just kind of that's who you are,
that that's your original team,
and that's the team that believed in you?
You're going to stick with them the whole way through.
Yeah, I would have moved on at the end when it was getting,
you know, when Terry Simpson came in as head coach,
him and me didn't see eye to eye.
We had lots of arguments.
So I would have moved on then.
And I even asked to let me move on.
But they didn't do it and got to a point then at a time in your career
where you say, well, is it really worth moving on?
And, of course, I didn't have the right agent either.
I think he kind of snowballed me too.
So it is what it is.
Billy, we have another expansion draft coming up very soon
for the new team in Seattle.
Now, did that first aisles team you were on, first aisles team ever,
did they have that kind of I'll show them mentality with a bunch of castoffs
like we kind of saw at Vegas a couple couple years ago i know the success wasn't the
same but we did have cast offs but uh you get 12 wins that was when world hockey came up right oh
yeah right yep it was even halfway decent went world hockey because they weren't getting any money on the island.
You know, like I were we were listening to Trot about what he got.
My bonus for going my bonus for going to the island was two thousand dollars and my salary was eighteen thousand.
So a little difference in money back then. Now now how rough did that first season get with
the losing like i said you guys weren't as good as vegas but did guys stick together or did you
realize you know it's first year here we can't really bite each other's heads off or what um
yeah i mean didn't get that close to a lot of guys like i i play there the way a lot of guys
didn't like playing in front of me
because if guys were running around and doing stuff,
I had no problem dropping my gloves.
The trouble is we had nobody else there to do anything.
So teams just ran over us,
and I was probably the toughest guy on the team.
And then what ended up happening is at the end of the year,
I think New Haven had Gary Howitt and Bobby Nye.
And we were so bad that, like I said, everybody was running over us.
And all of a sudden, they bring up Bobby Nye and Gary Howitt.
So you know what ended up happening is teams came into our building
and started getting smart.
And then all of a sudden, Gary Howitt drops his gloves.
Next shift, Bobby Nye drops his gloves and then the next shift I'm going after something so now all of a sudden teams
are saying okay let's beat them by one or two goals and let's keep away from these three guys
so we gained a little respect and we gained a little room how many times did you meet another
goalie at center ice
or anywhere on the ice for that matter and go toe-to-toe?
I only fought one goalie in my whole career.
And he jumped me from behind in Montreal.
And he got a little bit of a beat.
Who was it?
Yeah.
Don't make us Google it.
I can't remember.
It was the year that Montreal had the big brawl against Quebec.
Oh, that was 80. Was that 80?
I'm shocked you can't remember.
You don't know what year that is.
No, I think it was 80.
I think it was 82.
You think R.A. can get it, Billy?
You think he can pull it out right now?
No, I forget.
And I shouldn't name any names anyway he was the
only guy i ever fought and it wouldn't be fair for me to fight a goalie yeah you were fighting
other teams like middle heavyweights kind of like you know god bless his soul ray emory i mean he
used to remember ray emory fought andrew peters biz in buffalo oh yeah that was kind of the modern
day billy smith he used to fight Brian
McGratton in practice all the time like they just yeah he he was one of those guys if you shot high
yeah it was a Donnybrook yeah oh hey I I fought Bob Kelly not battleship I never fought the
battleship but I had a drink with him one night in Pittsburgh and he was hurt. A few guys in our team knew him and he came over.
It was at the end of his career. And he says to me, he says, Smitty,
no bullshit tomorrow. Okay.
He says my hands are really sore because his hands were just all broken up.
And I says, yeah, no problem. Just stare at him in the neck. He goes, yeah.
I walked over to Chico and Chico says,
were you going to fight and Chico says,
were you going to fight him?
I says, are you crazy?
He had to make mincemeat out of me.
There were a lot of tough guys.
What a nickname,
Battleship.
He was too, believe me.
I'd be like
a blow-up raft.
A dinghy.
Dinghy.
Now, the next season, things get a little bit better.
I mean, you draft Dennis Podvin, number one overall.
Al Alba comes in.
How much did Al tidy things up?
Al was great.
I heard what Trotter said about him.
Al made everybody play a system system and he always used to say
in the third period I don't care if the roof falls in we stick with our system that was and and also
like he was very good he knew his players like like the best story I have is we get into town a little late. I'm a big movie fan guy.
And he says, 11 o'clock curfew.
So I'm going off the bus and I says, Al, is it 11 o'clock sharp?
Or if I'm a couple minutes late, do I get fined?
He says, what movie are you going to?
And I told him, I said, well, we're going to here. And he says what movie you're going to and I told him and I said well we're going to hear
and he says who's going with you I says about four of the guys are going with me he goes the
curfew's not for you Al Arbor never called me once my whole career for curfew talk about an
early day players coach in a way yeah he was good he knew the guys he knew what everybody was doing you know
and like he he put up with me he didn't like the way i played a lot but when it was a tough game
and the fists are starting to fly he had no problem putting me out i gotta, what was the movie? Oh, it was back in the 70s.
It was just probably a bad movie.
That's what I like.
I probably watched it at 3.30 this morning.
R.A.'s a massive cinema buff.
I'd be interested, what are some of your favorites?
What would you put in your top five?
Star Wars, Dirty Harry, anything.
Any war movies.
I was actually thinking the Sting because it was 1973.
I figured the year matched up.
And I said, well, maybe they want to see the Sting together.
Because that's something that I figured a coach would let you go see.
It wasn't a shitty movie by any stretch.
Yeah, no, there's so many good movies.
Yeah, now, another guy I want to talk about, Bill Torrey.
I mean, this Island is team back then I
know a lot of listeners not familiar with it they were able to go from an expansion team to a cup
contender in like five or six years and a lot of it was to do with the draft and Bill Torrey's a
guy you had a relationship with not only your time with the island is afterwards want to talk about
Bill for a little bit let the folks know about him yeah well like I said Bill started it all and
and he was one of the first guys that go with young guys,
and that's what our team did.
We grew up together.
I mean, just like what you guys were saying,
the older guys started falling out when you get a guy like Crutch in.
You know, you just get it.
We didn't go trading off like L.A. when I was with L.A.
You didn't go trading off all your young guys to get an older guy that only
had maybe three four years left Bill Torrey was a firm believer in bringing them up training them
and sticking with them and one of one of the guys that was another big help was Jimmy Jimmy
Devolano I mean he was the scout that was going out and doing a lot of the work and
him and him and bill got together and
they put the team together and and it worked out i was going to hop in and ask at what point
in in your tenure there did you think okay wow all right we're starting to add some pieces here
i think this is going to come together nice like did you did you ever suspect that you guys could
win the ultimate prize as you saw these younger guys coming up?
No.
I just played the game because I loved it.
So you didn't even focus on that.
You were just so concerned about your own job,
you didn't pay attention to any of the rest of the noise.
No, I didn't worry about anything.
You know, if they make a change, they make a change.
There's nothing I can do about it.
It's, you know, they trade me, they trade me.
I'm here to play.
Let's go play. I mean mean take a look at the picks i mean they obviously get you in the expansion draft then uh potvin
gillies trottier john tennelli not a hall of famer but a hall of famer for the island is taken in the
second round it's it's unreal how we how he put it together so quick now you mentioned chico rest
he was your partner for years was uh was it always a healthy competition with you two guys, or did it ever get contentious on occasion?
No, it really  like, my whole career, I never really played more than 40 games.
And I think that's one of the reasons Al held me at 40 games or less
was because he liked me when he needed me,
but he didn't want to put up with my business all the time.
So we had two good goalies.
Chico was a good goalie.
I still remember when we got down to, you know,
when I finally started playing was when we played L.A.
in our building and I beat them out, beat them the first game,
and they scored on me with minutes to go in the game so i think we
beat them four one the next game he pulls me puts chico in and we we got blown out and we're on the
way to la and i'm sitting in the seat commercial flight of course going to la and al arbor says to
me he says you're playing tomorrow night. I says, I don't care.
And he looked at me and he said, what do you mean by that?
And he got upset.
And I says, you're just going to pull me the next night anyway,
so what's the difference?
And he looked at me and he says, you're playing tomorrow night
and if you keep playing good, you'll play from then on.
And I says, you better make sure that that's what's going to happen.
And that's what he did. So he was basically looking at it like I'm going to keep him fresh in the regular season I don't
want to deal with this bullshit and then in the playoffs I'll let him run but still if he gets a
couple extra penalty minutes that night I'm pulling him well he didn't pull me too often but
he did pull me if the game got out of hand or that he would pull me
but uh it is what it is you know you go out there you play you play you play to win and you hope for
the best um you were talking about the rivalry with uh the rangers at one point what's the story
about the the the cops the horse cops at msg apparently you got a great story about that oh well you guys know it's on the
fifth floor you come down and i'm out of the dressing room within 10 minutes after the game
i'm gone i'm gone so i walked down and i got a 12 pack of beer with me and i put the 12 pack of beer
on the thing and and you know how the people they
got a line across where the door is and a lot of people are yelling at me so I'm being sarcastic
back and I I said something really I thought was really funny and there was three three mounted
cops there so one of the guys I I was so upset he stepped across the line and the guy just tapped his
billy stick against the wall and went so i look at him i says guys you guys like to have a beer
with me i'd love you to have you drink with me and one of the guys walked over to me sarge and i
snapped one i handed him a beer and he looked back at the other two guys and he went, come on over. We killed that 12 pack before anybody get down to the bus. So the funny thing is
I come down the next game in the garden, I come down and I says, they're going to be there again.
So I grab a 24 from the dresser and I walked down with a 24 and there's six of them there.
So every time we came into town, I always had six to ten guys
standing there with their horses all tied up to the bumper of a car,
and it just came like the guys always said,
we like you, you'll never get in trouble in New York.
He's rolling kegs down in 88 biz.
They're just like us. They loyal and and you know they had fun they were ranger fans i didn't care did they get you the did they get out a free jail card yeah
yep cast all those in how many times did you have to use it Were you a bit of a wild man when you would hit the party scene? No, no, I wasn't that way.
You know, I had a few like any of the rest of us.
We had a few going home.
I had a little bit of a heavy foot.
Sometimes I got caught for heavy foot, but the guys were good down there.
Like, would you oftentimes be going into the city to party,
or were you sticking on the island mostly? Oh, no, I was married. Me and my wife oftentimes be going into the city to party or were you sticking on the island mostly oh no i i was married i never me and my wife hardly ever went into the city no studio
54 business oh no not like trots wheeling in there eating dope off the plants no i didn't know that
no i think yeah i think you i think he said he saw someone do it and then we gave him a hard
time saying yeah he was probably involved in the tomfoolery.
He was pretty quiet when he was Yacht Trotter, you know?
Apparently not when he hit the dance floor.
He was busting up like John Travolta.
Billy, besides the cup runs,
one of your other most famous highlights is the Lanny McDonald scrap
back in March of 79.
I mean, it's just so unusual to see a goalie fight a skater and it looked like you actually waved your defenseman away like get the hell out of here i got this one take us through that story
i mean two hall of fame is going at it well it was funny because palmeteer was was hitting my guys
and it was third period we're winning so i just said i saw palmature hit my
guys and i said well i'm not going to have him hit my guys so lanny came into our zone and it
was a turn of turnover and i skated out my spirit so then i threw as you see in the film i was the
one that started i threw my stick down took my mask off and everything put my fist
up and i weighed pricey off i said no no i started this i'm gonna fight so and lanny smoked me with
one came out of nowhere hit me right on top of the head almost broke his hand so he's down in
the dressing room with his hand in a bucket of ice and i'm i'm in my dressing room
having a couple of cold ones and one reporter guy that i like came down he says boy did you ever beat
lanny i said beat him well where were you and he goes well he's down there with a with his hand in
a bucket of ice and something i never did i said to the reporter i says i got i got something i
gotta tell you but you can only tell it to Lanny.
He says, what's that? So you down there and you tell Lanny,
it's a lot easier to get your hand in a bucket of ice as it is your head.
I said, so he went down and told Lanny,
I'm telling this story outside the dressing room with my wife and friends
and who walks out with Lanny with
ice bags all over his head.
So he looks at me and I got a shitty grin on my face and I'm laughing,
telling the story. He looked at me and he just shook his head.
But when he shook his head,
he had a little bit of a smile on his face and just,
and we became friends after that.
Oh, that's unbelievable, man. I'm curious to know,
since you were not playing as many games
as you'd expect as a starter, and with the attitude you brought on the ice,
did you ever have some interesting fan interactions in away buildings?
Oh, yeah.
It was awful.
And Rangers, like, you know.
Anything close to a scrap?
Philly.
Well, no, not really.
Well, not really. Well, not really.
I was in Philadelphia one night, and I had two guys there with their parents.
And the father at the end of the game stood up and stepped over the chairs
just to say something to me, and the security guy came running down.
I said, relax.
Relax. This guy, look at him he's not he said he said to me he says that's the most entertainment i've had coming to a hockey game he says you should put those two kids in their place i can't
oh you were giving it back to him i was you know they started it and, you know, one had long hair, one had short hair.
So you guys know back in those days, I was just, and I said,
did mommy and daddy bring you and your sweetheart to the game?
And even the mother at the end of the game was smiling from ear to ear.
But that in those days, the glass was only up two feet.
Oh, yeah.
Not like today. So standing up, your head's over the glass was only up two feet. Oh, yeah. Not like today.
So standing up, your head's over the glass.
So it was fun.
You know what?
It was entertaining for me, too, because I was laughing.
I wasn't even watching the hockey game.
In talking to you and Troche and Brent Sutter,
it's apparent and pretty obvious you guys had a fun group.
Like that first Stanley Cup and then each celebration,
like how many nights in a row are you guys going having drinks?
When's the first time you probably finally just didn't have a beer
after those wins?
What night we might not have had a beer, I have no idea.
In our day, the beer was right in the dressing room, you know.
So you're saying from the night you won it
till training camp the next year,
you probably had at least one every night.
Oh, yeah.
I love it.
Well, it started in Springfield.
When I was in Springfield,
it was funny because I went to a movie
and I had to drive home past the local bar right across from the rink.
And I'm driving home from the movie and I look and it's like a Tuesday night.
Nobody goes out on Tuesday night.
I see one car.
I know that car.
I see another car.
I know that car.
Next thing I see about five, six cars that I recognize.
I go in.
It's three quarters of the
team sitting at the bar drinking for the invite fellas and and it was funny because i went in
and i think we went there every night until the playoffs were it was just we all got there not
that we got got drunk or silly or anything else it's just that
we all stayed even the married guys were there which which i was kind of saying wow what are
you guys doing here he says no just come down just to have one or two and and that's the way it
started billy another big highlight even before we got to the stanley cups like also against the
colorado rockies like i said you got the first first goal by a goaltender in NHL history.
Did you realize what happened, how it happened?
And like I said, take our listeners through that.
I don't even know if there's video available of it in this day and age.
Well, I take no credit.
The only time I take credit is when people say Hextall was the first one
to shoot it.
He's the first one to shoot it.
Right, right.
When they say he was the first one to score, I go, no, score i go no no no what it was was we were getting a penalty and and the defenseman had it their
goalie was going off the ice the defenseman had it fired the puck i made the save and steered it
into the corner he came back into the corner grabbed the puck and threw it back to the defense
without looking. There was nobody
there. So it went all the way down
into the net.
So I knew it was mine, but at that
time they gave the goal to Kenny Morrow.
And...
Was he closest to the puck when it got hit?
I think so.
But what ended up
happening is why I didn't want it was because then I'd have
been higher in the scoring rank than Kenny Morrow.
It'd be like the bottle of booze thing.
Grant Fuhrer was talking about how he would do it with,
I don't know if it was Semenko,
but they would do a bottle of booze for who would have the most amount of
points at the end of the season.
Yeah. Well, you know what? You get silly silly things like that that's what keeps the team together
absolutely and one other thing we were talking about was the equipment and and uh you know what
do you think of the new stuff because it must just marvel you at how big it's gotten and how light
it's gotten and he made the point at the back in the day how you guys used to try to shrink it to cut weight because the stuff was so heavy
well i i was more into the protection mode than anything else i mean but in practice like i'd
have to wear a pair of shin pads underneath my goalie pads because just the constantly getting
hit your legs would be bruised the equipment back then it was good for the first maybe two months and then it'd get wet it'd get
heavy it just silly and and small like i just i used to play with the old timers up here and i
had my equipment i played with a kid that was six foot two and he was maybe 150 pounds. So I stood in front of him and motioned to the guys and said,
look, you couldn't see him standing behind me.
Okay?
So I put my equipment on.
He puts his equipment on.
I walked behind him.
I says, hey, guys, can you see me?
Couldn't see me.
He was like twice the size of me.
So, you know, the pads went from eight inches to what are they now,
11 or 12 they're
massive i couldn't score any goals i blame it on the equipment that's what that's that's my excuse
what's yours muffin i did get a goal i'm curious like your best game um i read from everything and
everyone talks about game one cup final in 1983 against the Oilers when I think
that was your fourth in a row 35 game 35 shots shut out in your mind is that probably the best
you ever played as well well that was a really good game I maybe I had a lot of great games in
Boston I love to play in Boston I mean garden, the garden got you going. Oh, the garden Buffalo, Buffalo.
Also I had like small rings. Like I played in Cornwall, real small ring.
So I just loved it when I was in a small ring.
It's like, you didn't have to move a lot.
If you had your angles halfway decent, I mean, it was fun to play,
you know? And like I said, but in Edmonton,
it was great.
It was, we had a little bit of everything in that game.
That was a game I hit grassy, of course.
It was like people wanted to hang me.
You got a five minute for that, huh?
Yeah.
Nobody saw it except the linesman.
He called it to the ref.
Yeah.
Any reason why you punched him?
I didn't punch him.
Oh, slash? He was coming around the net biz, and he just threw his stick,
like almost like he's poke checking him,
but the stick happened to be like three feet off the ice,
caught him right in the knee.
Just above his shin pad.
But it probably hurt, but it didn't hurt that much.
You were also the first NHL goalie to win the Stanley Cup
with the helmet and mask style.
Yeah.
How did that go throughout the years,
like switching out of the fiberglass ones?
Were those things just annoyance wearing those?
Well, back in those days, I used to have hair,
and I thought maybe the mask was what was causing it,
because it was not.
But it wasn't. Genetics. Yeah, that's exactly. thought maybe the mask was what was causing it because it was but it wasn't but
genetics yeah that's exactly I love the mask I would have kept wearing it wearing it but it
our masks in those days sat right on your face there was no space no nothing it was like writing
up and down your face and it just you know just ended up tearing the hell out of my skin
so that's why i went to
the mask to get a little bit more air yeah because goalies are pretty crazy about their equipment
sometimes we apprehensive of all apprehensive at all was the mask that much of a pain in the
ass were you were willing to try anything yeah i'm not that the only thing is, like, my trapper, I didn't let anybody touch it.
Because it's
Brass knuckles in it.
Yeah, yeah.
It's on your hand, and you can't have other people with bigger hands
or smaller hands and start playing with the straps.
So it happened to me one game, and I almost strangled a kid for it.
But other than that, the blocker I didn't care about I could use anything in fact
one time in Springfield that all my equipment got stolen out of the dressing room
and the only thing they didn't take was my mask back in that day and I came in and the trainer
ran out to me and I look at my stall and he wants to talk to me and I just put
my hand up and it went I sat down I had brand new skates everything was brand new pants arm pads
everything so I put it on I went out and played the game and then I came back in the trainer runs
over to me and he says I tried to tell you we got robbed last night the only thing they took was all
your equipment and i just said so what i said you had to buy all this stuff new and he's yeah so
the idea you got to break it in you don't you just put it on and go play huh interesting i want to
bring up the first cup round with you guys now philly had run had run away, run away with the division, Boston, Montreal,
Buffalo all had a lot more points.
You guys might not have been the chalk that year,
but when did it all start to click for the Islanders team?
Was it during the late in the regular season,
first round of the playoffs when you beat the Kings, the first series,
when did it all start coming together?
You knew you were going to be a force to be reckoned with.
Well, I don't know.
I think it was that year that Clarkillies was going to buy a porch
and when we uh won the first series he says okay guys i got the frame
and then we we won we won the next series he says i got the tires and i got the tires and i got the
engine guys so i don't know.
So it was kind of like comical, like Clark Gillies was our comedian.
So it was kind of comical. Like every time we did something, he'd say,
I'm getting closer to my car. I'm getting closer to my car.
And like Philly, like when we played Philly,
I don't know how many bench clearings we had against them. I mean,
it was just unbelievable.
And I think that was one of the things that enabled us to beat Philly,
was we knew we were going to have to fight.
We had it in our head we were going to fight.
So they couldn't intimidate us anymore.
And I think really that's what helped us win against Philly.
Would you square off with their goalie?
Whoever it was?
Oh, I fought Bob Kelly.
I was looking for Bobby Clark, but I could never find him.
I used to yell at him after the fight was over.
I'd be yelling at him, I was looking for you.
But it's was in practice like was mike bossy
is as amazing at scoring as it was normal for him in games like is he the one guy you look back like
god i couldn't i couldn't stop him yeah he's he was a natural you know like like he said one thing
to me that i still remember and i always laugh says, I always shot for the middle of the net,
and I end up picking a corner.
So think about it, guys.
He didn't look at the net.
He knew where the net was, and he made sure he hit the net.
And think of it today, how many guys come down and try to pick that little
piece of a corner or whatever
and end up shooting it over the net or shooting it wide.
Got to hit the net.
If it's on the net, it has a chance of going in.
Well, it's crazy about Bossy.
He has the most goals per game ever in NHL history,.762 ahead of, you know,
Lemieux, Gretzky, Beret, Ovechkin, all these huge names,
and just goes to show how good of a goal scorer he was.
So injuries hurt him, right?
He had injuries at a younger age, pretty much?
I think it was his back that ended up.
Back.
Yeah.
But he was, like, people say to me, well, what would you say about Bossy?
What would you say about Bossy?
And I says, Mike Bossy came to every game ready to play.
He wanted to score goals.
And they said, well, you're not giving him a very high recommendation.
I says, I will take a superstar like that that shows up every game to play
and doesn't have a bad game.
I'll take him every day of the week.
Now, during this run, Billy, only one team put you guys on the verge of elimination.
Let's see, it was Pittsburgh Penguins in the 82 first series that went five games. They took you
to overtime. Why of all these great teams that you played, what were the Penguins the only one
to bring it get you to the point of elimination? They weren't a particularly good team. Well,
I think one year the Rangers brought us to seven games and we beat them in overtime.
You got it in your face. All right. Right, Billy. That's in overtime. You got it.
In your face, all right.
Right, Billy?
You could say it.
Yeah.
You know what?
It's funny. The hardest, like in 70, 70, I mean 70, 80, 81 and 82,
the hardest teams to get by were the first and second round.
Because they got nothing to lose.
And we were sitting there with supposedly the best team ever.
And if we lost out in the first round, we'd have been criticized forever.
So really, the superstar teams that win the Stanley Cup the year before,
the toughest one is the first round because the other team has nothing to lose.
And you got everything.
Is this just more things I read from crappy reporters who are trying to stir the pot?
Were you known as a bit of a guy to throw a dive once in a while?
Like if you were to get touched, would you be a little bit you would you throw a little salt and pepper on it billy no worse than anybody else
i could name dozens of guys that no i like i said like i i was obviously i didn't go looking for
really as much as i did i didn't go looking for it i stayed in my crease
it's guys that ran through my crease or stand right in front of the net.
You got to move them one way or the other.
And it's the old saying, if you make an example of one person,
three or four guys aren't even going to come near you.
So you might have to hit somebody really hard one game.
When you won all these cups, Billy,
this kind of predated what we do now.
Everyone gets their day with a cup,
so what was a standard celebration like for you
after winning the cup back then?
Tell you a story, guys.
You realize I never touched a cup on the ice in all four cups?
Wow.
You'll never see me holding the cup on the ice.
Do you regret it?
Or was that just random in the first year and you kept with it?
No, because he liked to be out of the rink in 10 minutes.
You said that earlier.
He's at the bar already.
He's with some cops on horses.
It was just something that I really didn't need to do.
All the other guys were so excited and they wanted to grab it and everything.
And when I took, there was a restaurant called Cafe Continental.
And what I would do is the first year I walked into the Cafe Continental with the Stanley Cup and put it on the guy's counter.
And he couldn't believe it.
He just says, you know, totally caught off guard.
So when we went at the next year, I get a phone call the next day. You got to tell me when you're bringing it.
And I says, well, when do you want it?
And he told me the date.
And I just said to the guys, I need the cup this day.
I'm taking it to Bruno's.
And Clarkie would come.
Butch Goring would come.
Like four or five of the guys would come.
He closed down the whole restaurant and only invite special clients to the restaurant and he'd cook everybody
a meal and that's the only time i didn't even have it at my house until the last year
where my where and it was my wife that said you got to bring it home and let the neighbors see it
so i says okay hon and i got a couple of my buddies that own delis. They brought long deli sandwiches and that.
And I put it on the front yard and told everybody,
the cup will be here this day.
If you want to see it, come on over.
You must have that Sports Illustrated cover frame somewhere though, huh?
May 23rd, 1983, got the whole cover to yourself.
Oh yeah, it was interesting.
They came and they saw the big hot tub and they said,
whoa, this would be a great shot.
So we filled her up and it was interesting.
Yeah, I got a couple of copies, I think, somewhere.
What about in your career, what was the normal summer activities?
I mean, are you working out in the gyms then?
Has that even began in terms of training in the summers?
What was your off seasons like? Oh, golfed a lot love it i like bagger yeah i like to run you know so i go
out i get up in the morning put on a pair of gym shorts shoes run three four miles uh
as far as lifting anything not really but i worked around my yard lifting stones and everything else
and that was my weight training but other than that we didn't do much other than that just drink
beers a couple budweiser's and one of the most famous stories is uh i think what was your jersey
retirement night they they brought you out 31 cases of Budweiser.
Actually that night that I, that I went out and they,
they took the picture of me on the ice with the bud in my hand.
The next day, my deli friend calls me and he says, I'm, I got,
I got something for you. I'm coming by the house. I said, okay, come on back.
He came by with, with a beer cooler for draft beer, holds a half keg.
I go, who gave me this?
Oh, they saw you from Budweiser, so they sent you a whole keg of beer and a dispenser.
I said, very nice.
So I had my own draft beer container at home.
There you go, right from the tap.
Can't beat that.
Billy, we've had guys on before who both won and lost the Stanley Cup,
and you guys, after four in a row, lost the Stanley Cup final four games
to one to Edmonton.
Guys have said the sting of losing lingers more than the joy of winning,
but is that true if you win four Stanley Cups?
I don't know how to answer that because I'm a little different.
They beat us.
You walk out of the rink, it's over.
Did you play the best you could play?
Yes.
You just got beat by a better team.
So live with it.
And that's the way I feel.
Another thing I learned about you was you didn't like to watch your highlights.
Any of your game footage, correct?
I never do.
So how would you study to see how guys shot?
You just wouldn't do it?
You just remember up top?
Think about yourselves, guys.
Don't you remember all the big stuff you do?
I can remember fights.
I can remember everything.
It's, you know your mistake, you know?
Like after the game, it's like it's in your head you you can remember so you know when you made real bad mistakes and you just correct them
there's another photo shoot you too billy uh it looks like you're in a pond or something or a lake
somewhere and you got full pads on your glove you waffle the stick and you're just sitting
in like one of those 1970s style beach chairs drinking a fruity drink i'm looking at this too what was the story behind that photo shoot it's somebody
that got a bright idea and you know in in the later years you know everybody wanted publicity
and to do things i really didn't care to do it but they said said, you got to do this. You got to do this. And, and, you know,
like the one thing I hated doing was when we were on the Samboni and dry,
like the drive for five. And for me,
if I was on the other team and I saw that team doing that,
I'd give everything I had to beat them. And, you know, you just don't,
you just don't antagonize anybody.
Remember when some guys would say something about it,
about the other team and you come in the next day and it's pinned right on
the blackboard saying, this is what they think of you guys.
What do you think of it? Everybody gets stirred up. Everybody.
Now they're ready to play. I says, let it leave it alone.
Let's just play the game and keep your mouth shut until it's all over.
We asked Trotch about this.
I think it was like a charity talent show back on the Island,
back in the day. You guys look like a bunch of playboys,
the local news coveted. I think it was Bobby Nystrom and like a,
one of the, you know, a banana hugger with the fur coat on.
Were you at that event that night? That looks like a pretty wild time.
I didn't have that kind of body to be putting anything on.
Me neither.
I was more, they called me the junkie guy.
So, you know, modeling, I wouldn't get away with.
Very limber.
You had a milk, milk bag body.
Were they not doing a fitness testing and camp then?
Oh, I think me and Trutch were the highest fat content.
Oh, they used to pinch it.
They used to bring out the scalpers?
Yeah.
And then they tried to get you into the hot tub and hold your breath.
And oh, I go, oh.
Come on.
That was one of the tests.
You had to hold your breath underwater?
You had to go underneath the water, blow all the air out of your body.
And I don't know how.
I did it once, and I said, that's it.
I'm done.
Dr. Kovorkian Lab at the islanders facility getting you guys ready for your cup run you know what like i said if if i'm not playing well enough just trade me and leave me alone
you know it's not like it ain't that complicated it isn't't. Like today, it's different. Like today, everybody's fast.
It's a different game today.
In our day, just show up, play to the best of your ability,
and leave it at that.
Do you still follow it very closely?
And if so, who are your favorite goaltenders now?
Who are the guys you like watching?
I couldn't tell you half the goalies in the league right now.
I very seldom watch game you know if there's a bunch of fights like uh washington and the rangers that that big fight
they had that game you knew i i watched sports channel the next day they didn't even have it on
i had to go to my internet to watch it and
by the way congratulate if this is the ranger guys congratulations i'm really glad you came back and
stood up for yourselves nice yes billy let them know what do you think of the what do you think
of the initial incident do you think tom wilson should have been suspended i've done a great a
few crazy things myself so what what i didn't like about it was the guy was down with his head down.
If you're going to cross-jack him, let him get on his feet and then do it.
There's no need to do it when somebody's not in a position to protect himself.
Do you think the  not the Rangers.
The Capitals in some way knew that the ranges sort of needed to redeem
themselves that's why they they had no problem fighting them from the jump there do you think
they recognized the position their owner put them in oh absolutely i mean in our day it would have
just been a bench clearing right there right there and then it'd have been a bench and the good thing
about the bench clearing a lot of guys that aren't fighters don't rush off the bench and it's so it
you know they've stopped that remember when i don't know if you guys remember back when the
first rule was the first guy off the bench got a 200 fine 20 each additional guy be pushing
teammates over the boards oh just the first guy left leaving the bench would get would get a 200 fine and a few games or whatever and i remember standing on top of the boards
hanging onto the glass looking at their bench to see see who was the first to get off the bench
because i wasn't going to lose 200 you'd be the next guy i'll be the second guy
wrestlemania hey actually that was one of the suspensions i
got in the nhl i got 10 games because they said i came off the bench to defend a teammate
billy they dinged me for 70 grand wow 70 grand but i got it reduced to three games and it only
cost me 11 but still he's been trying to get it back ever since but but now it's 20 swipe up yeah you fucking assholes these guys
billy i'm the i'm the punching bag on the podcast who who is the punching bag in the islanders
locker room who was always the butt of the joke well al arbor used to used to give it to dennis
poppin all the time really oh it was. And I think Al did it.
Like, Al did it.
And he did it at the best time.
And Dennis would just get mad.
Like, we're in the  I'll tell you a quick story.
We're in the garden one night, and we're losing in the second period.
We're not playing bad, but we're losing.
And Al Arbor comes in, and he  just out of the blue,
and he kicks a garbage pail over and everything. And he turns to Dennis. He says, Dennis,
I'm getting, I'm getting upset with you,
skating up and down with that piano on your back. He says,
but it pisses me off when you stop the play.
Well, we're all sitting there and Al just jumped out of the room.
We're all sitting there.
And then we realized what he said and we're all just kind of, you know, we didn't want to laugh in front
of Dennis, but we still got the third period
play. Well, Dennis goes out in the third period
and he's pissed.
He hit two or three guys
and the rest of us looked
at each other and said, okay, boy, we better
pick it up or he's going to do it all by himself.
And we ended up winning.
And it was just like, I'll give him
little zings all the time.
And fortunately for me, he didn't do anything to me
because I was the type that I might get up and zing him.
So Al knew his players.
He knew how to get them going.
And it was interesting.
Bill, you were the last original New York Islander.
You retired in 1989.
Now, were you happy the way things went down?
Did you have an office from other teams,
or were you content to finish your career as a New York Islander?
Actually, I asked my agent to see if anybody was interested in me
before I signed the last contract.
Actually, I almost went to the Rangers.
Remember when Phil Esposito was GM at the Rangers there?
Yep.
He called me up and he asked me if I, if I would play for the Rangers.
And I said to him, I says, on one condition.
And he goes, what's that?
I says, I play every game against the Islanders.
Wow.
And he laughed and he's that? I says, I play every game against the Islanders. Wow. And he laughed.
He said, I promise you, you'll play every game against the Islanders.
And the funny thing about it is,
is it was the accountant that stopped me from going to the Rangers.
It was the accountant.
He says, there's no way we can have him come and play here.
And Phil and me knew each other.
And Phil says, I'm telling you right now with him here,
this team will change. And, and they, they just cut it out.
And the other teams, I would have loved to play it in Toronto,
but like again, you got somebody else doing it for you.
And you don't really know what's going on.
So I give the guy three, four teams that I would have liked to have gone to.
And it seemed like nobody had an interest.
Was that something that, because you talked to a lot of guys,
first couple of years can be hard.
You know, you miss the boys.
You miss having the normal grind of what you're doing.
Was that the case for you?
Or were you pretty cool with being retired and having it all be over i i was okay with it yeah i was 39 i was okay with it
unreal run too yeah and and the thing is i i was uh became goalie coach and i got to work with the
kids in the minors and that and uh it was frustrating you know like you try to teach them some something new and
right now they all go to their knees and back then you got guy a guy five foot ten playing on
his knees well it doesn't work you're too you know you give up too much net so i'd try to teach
them how to how to poke check how to play angles and stuff like that and i always would say
it's not that difficult watch me i go in and do drills with no equipment on i'm going guys they
can't get around my stick i use drills with pylons so i knew the guy had to get around the pylon they
drop their heads all the time i just step out and poke check them. And I'd go, what's so difficult about this?
Or shots from the point.
I used to go in with no equipment on, just gloves, stick, skate, and stick.
And I'd have guys shoot on me from the blue line.
And I wouldn't give a rebound.
And I'd go, guys, why are you going to your knees?
Just catch the puck.
There's nobody in front of you.
And the first thing they do, as soon as the guy brings the stick up, he's on his knees. You can't do that.
You can't get away with that.
Now, what was your style of technique? Did it even have a name when you played?
They didn't even really have names for these things back then.
If you, if it even was a style.
I don't think I had a style. I was unorthodox. I don't know. I just,
I just, that's right. You're only there for one reason. Do it. uh one thing who do we talk to about this jeff merrick i believe and he thought how crazy it was
it's taken till very recently for that for basically every team to have a goalie coach now
was there someone that you could turn to if something was off at any point as far as a coach
or a mentor like what would you do to fix your mechanics or
Eddie Eddie Jackman came to me from the Rangers we had him there for about a year
and um and he was good Eddie Jackman also um just little things you would do wrong like like
you know like they they taught me how to stop the puck behind the net, how to set it up.
You know, like such little things.
You're not going to change the way I play.
Anybody in the NHL, you shouldn't be trying to change.
You just want to try to see what mistakes he's making.
And if it's the same mistake all the time, just bring it to his attention.
This is what you're doing wrong.
This is how you can fix it if you can't i know goalies i i when i coached they they would do the same thing wrong all the
time and i would say if i'm playing against you all i'm going to do is go down the board shoot it
low you're going to keep the puck right back out front so if i'm playing against you i'm
just going to shoot to that spot all the time i'm going to have two guys ready out front to get the
rebound and go around you and they can't a lot of them couldn't correct it so that's why like
certain goalies can play good all year long and then they get in the playoffs and guys bear down
on what they do wrong and they'll go to their weaknesses and that's how they beat them.
So without  let me just hop in there because without watching your highlights
or any of your video, you said you were just able to remember
all these mistakes you were making where you just
like you were just able to correct them from that, I guess?
One year we played  who was i think it was vancouver we
played in the last series but the series before they howie meeker i think it was come out he's
ranting and raving all you got to do in this guy is shoot high just shoot high and the game before
the series before everything was scrambles so i was going down on everything because it was
enclosed it was scrambled i. It was scrambled.
I was diving.
I was rolling around.
So how we make the genius he is, he says, oh,
all you got to do is shoot high on this guy.
So we went against Vancouver.
Everybody's shooting from my waist and above.
I don't think I went down on my knees once.
I just stood there and caught the puck.
And I'm going, this is the easiest series I've ever had.
But you've got to change. you've got to change your style.
You know what I mean?
If you're just doing the same thing all the time,
you should be able to play a little bit on your feet.
Look now when you're watching the games now.
You're watching how many goals are being scored from bad angles.
Whereas if you're staying up that extra second,
it's not going in when you're standing on
the goal line with zero angle it's impossible how many goals have you seen from the other side of
the dot almost against the boards going in right up top here and that's all the guys are doing they
know they're going to where if the guy had it just stayed on his feet you can't score from there
if he had it just stayed on his feet it you can't score from there. If he had it just stayed on his feet, it would hit him in the middle of the chest.
But they go down and they leave that little opening.
That's where I used to shoot, middle of the chest.
Just like Mike Bossy, Biz.
You and Boss had a lot in common.
See, this is what I'm talking about.
This guy, he's nonstop, man, all over me all the time.
I wanted to bring up the more current Islanders,
and do you see a lot of similarities in the way the teams played
from when they went through that run, given the structure and the system,
good goaltending, good defensive game?
Well, what I like about the Island, when they brought Lou in,
that was the best thing they could have possibly done.
And Lou is building an organization just like he did with the, you know,
New Jersey and everything else. He is really good.
And that is what has turned the Islanders around as far as I'm concerned.
He's got young guys in there that work hard. They're working together.
Great coaching staff. They're on their way.
They're going the right way. Fine.
I know the colleagues had more lives than a cat lately.
They keep closing it and opening it,
but do you wish they could have just put all that money in and just salvaged it, kept it there and rebuilt it from the guts out?
That's what I said they should have done from the beginning was just the
building didn't have to be that much higher.
They just needed to move the ice over into the middle of the building didn't have to be that much higher what they just needed to move the ice over into the middle of the building because they have a huge area down below just move it over put in the
super box suites and everything it's a great area right where it is roosevelt uh where they're going
i'm not belmont i'm not that familiar with that area well Well, Billy, this has been a blast.
And I think that it's cool for us and a lot of our younger listeners,
Biz mentions this, to hear about guys that they don't know a lot about, right?
I mean, you came before them and what a legacy.
So Hockey Hall of Fame and all those Stanley Cups,
and we had a blast talking with you.
Guys, I enjoyed it. Keep it going.
And Billy, I usually ask at the end of these
interviews especially with legends like yourself was there one story that you thought maybe you
would tell on here that that's a pretty fun one behind the scenes that you think would bring a
smile to a lot of our fans faces i i don't think i was that funny getting that funny of a guy off
the ice i mean a story that pops in your mind even if it's about somebody else
oh okay i'll tell you my son's over here listening um my buddies at madison square garden
there was one guy big swede on the horse he had a horse and we'd just beat the rangers and
there's a whole bunch of drunks outside so we're all in the bus and everything
and we're going out.
And as we're going out, you've got to make the left hand turn,
the long turn to go down the light and make a right.
So we're there.
And one of these drunk fans had a stick in his hand, a big stick in his hand.
And, like, I'd drank a 24 with all these guys
and the one big swede i mean huge he was six six bodybuilder and we're laughing everything and
he's banging the guys running beside the bus banging a stick on the bus
all of a sudden some of the guys go smitty what is this here comes a Swede on his horse, and he's riding.
And he grabbed the guy by the hair and threw him over the back of the horse onto the park.
Then he rode out into the middle of the intersection,
pulled the horse back.
So if you can imagine, the horse is on its hind legs.
He's got his hat off, waving to the bus driver to keep going.
So the bus driver drove off.
We get back, and I'm going off the bus.
And the bus driver looks at me.
Who are you?
I go, what do you mean?
He says, I can't believe.
I've never seen anything like that in my life.
I said, I was just one of my friends.
That was one of the things.
You just can't believe it happens. Or it would happen. just one of my friends. That was one of the things like,
you just can't believe it happens or what happened.
It was one of the Budweiser cults too.
There's a Clydesdale. There's Clydesdale. Just like a perfect commercial.
Some Game of Thrones stuff going on.
Well, hey, we appreciate all your time and thank you so much for coming on.
Our fans are going to love this and we love getting you legends on.
Congratulations on an incredible career.
Thanks a lot.
I appreciate it.
Huge thanks to Billy Smith for joining us.
Great interview.
Love talking about him,
about that Landy McDonald fight.
That was pretty wild stuff.
Not so often you see a skater go at a goalie.
Great clip.
Look it up.
We'll make sure to tweet it off in the account too.
Also going to mention student loans.
They're terrible.
Who wants them?
So you can say goodbye to stressful student loan payments and take charge of your future
with Earnest.
Earnest offers low rate student loan refinancing.
You can check your rate risk-free in just two minutes.
With Earnest, you get radically flexible payments and you can pick your loan term.
By refinancing, you can reduce your loan term, save save money or combine multiple loans into a simple monthly payment and if you have questions you can even talk to a real live
human being at earnest for help isn't it time you stop feeling overwhelmed by your student debt
right now earnest is giving our listeners a hundred dollar bonus refinance your student
loans at earnest.com slash chicklets. Terms and conditions apply. Not available in all states.
Visit earnest.com slash chicklets for more details.
Like I said, terms and conditions apply.
Earnest student loan refinancing made possible by Earnest Operations, LLC NMLS number 1204917.
California financing law license number 6054788.
303 2nd Street, Suite 401N, San Francisco, California, 94107.
Visit earnest.com slash licenses for a full list of licenses.
Thank God I got this.
Sent over from Mrs. Higginbotham's class to Gertrude's 6th grade class and Mike dropped it.
Mrs. Kane, my first teacher crush.
I was 6th when I had a crush on my teacher.
She had bums.
He wasn't just advanced at reading.
He wasn't just advanced at reading.
This is probably wrong to say, but you know R.A. was like faking like, hey, asking questions.
So she'd come over and he can get a look at the old jammers.
Yeah, for sure.
You know he was doing that.
What a scumbag.
I can't even picture it.
Cancel our action.
Cancel.
I was getting bonked even as a six-year-old.
Six.
Doge Dog is bonking the shit out of me.
Get this guy off.
Oh, shit.
All right.
Hey, big day for Canada, Biz.
They beat Finland in overtime to win the IIHF Gold Medal World Championships.
Senator to Senator. Won it.
Connor Brown over to Nick Paul.
Nice 2-0-1.
How about the fucking 3-on-3 in overtime, dude?
To win a gold medal.
That was fucking insane, dude.
It looked like something from the future.
How about that finish guy with the face-off responsibility?
On the offensive zone.
Whoopsie.
Got to be ready in OT.
Whoopsie-daisy.
3-on-3 is weird, though.
You don't sometimes know what you're supposed to do off the draw.
He put his one piece right over the left post.
But, hey, Luongo, incredible job.
Shane Doan helped out as well.
No surprise.
Gallant was there.
He'll be in the NHL again soon.
This group of guys, they went over.
They lost their first three games.
Darcy Kemper, Arizona Coyotes keep the change.
Aiden Hill as well.
And there was one other Coyote, but I'm fucking forgetting his name.
Connor Gallant, but he's on the U.S.
Sorry, I put you in.
He had a sick tournament.
They won bronze.
Congrats to the bronze.
But they lost their first three games.
They go over there.
They figure out a way.
And Gallant just, you know, he's a player coach.
He has the ability to bring a group together, and they did.
Mangio Pani was probably the best player for Team Canada.
He ends up getting named the MVP of the tournament.
Remember when he held out, I think, was it last summer or the summer before?
I think he was getting a little bit spicy with the contract talks.
And, hey, here's a fucking guy you're going to now want to keep along here, Calgary.
You got to buck up for Mangio Pani.
And why are you laughing, all right?
That was funny, guy.
No, thank you.
I'm laughing at you.
But, hey, congratulations to that group of guys going over there,
winning a gold medal, especially under difficult circumstances.
We ended up having Blackwell on.
Colin Blackwell plays for the Rangers.
He went to the tournament playing for the United States,
who won a bronze medal.
But we got him coming probably next week.
Masterton finalist as well.
And a Masterton finalist.
Yeah, and here's a story. He's been through a lot to get where he's at right now. It was a really cool interview. That's next week. Masterton finalist as well. And a Masterton finalist. Yeah, and here's a story. He's been through a lot to get
where he's at right now. It's a really cool interview.
That's next week, though. People downplaying the
tournament because it didn't have the normal
stars as usual. Hey, country
versus country. Way to go, Canada. Another gold
medal in the bank. We're not going to make a movie
about it, but we're just going to put it in the stash
and move along. Yeah.
Everybody else is just kind of shrugged, so
congrats, Canada.
Congrats on the North Division. and move along. Yeah. Everybody else is just kind of shrugged, so congrats, Canada. Yep.
Congrats on the North Division.
Speed to speed.
Moving right along, the Selkie finalists are announced.
We got Barkoff, Bergeron, and Stone.
No surprise for Bergie.
Tenth straight for Bergie.
He's tied with Bob Ganey.
Tenth straight?
Tenth straight finalist.
Tenth straight time he's been a finalist.
He's won four, tied with Bob Ganey.
Probably going to win five this year.
I think with some of these awards, it's almost like
the more you get nominated, it's like the Meryl Streep effect.
But he is earning it every season.
He absolutely is. Is that back-to-back
episodes we mentioned
Meryl Streep? Probably.
I might have done it before.
Who knows? I feel like we have a bunch of times.
Do you think Stoney wins it, or do you think
Bergeron wins it?
No, not even Barkov doesn't even have a chance?
I think he's better offensively than he is defensively.
But, I mean, hey, he kills penalties.
He eats up a lot of clock and he's able to produce those numbers.
Yeah, maybe he gets his first.
But I think it's either between Mark Stone or
Patrice.
Patrice. Therice. Patrice.
The captain.
There was a bunch of other awards that were out this week, weren't there?
Yeah, the Lady Big finalist, Austin Matthews, Jared Spurgeon, Jacob Slavin.
Only three defensemen have won that.
Slavin obviously defends.
I think Slavin gets his.
Yeah, yeah.
I mean, that's such a coin flip.
You don't know. I mean, it's such a coin flip. You don't know.
I mean, it's the fucking Lady Bing.
It's the Tummy Stick War.
The guy's like, I mean, I know it's an honor and all,
but the guy's like getting nominated for it, do you think,
at the end of the day?
I'm sure there's some players that would be honored to be.
I think some players would be honored.
I think other players may be like, I don't know.
Your goal is to not be up for the Lady Bing
if you're playing on the third line.
I mean, that's just kind of a fact.
But still, it's an NHL award.
Like, Krejci ain't getting the fucking Lady Bing
because he does the bag taps.
Controlled bag taps, but he ain't getting the Lady Bing.
I've given a few bag taps.
Yeah, you weren't getting the Bing. I ain't getting the Bing.
You're just going to the bottom. Take away
the fighting.
Yeah, I probably
still wouldn't be up for the Bing.
Who's the other guy? Slavin, Matthews,
and who? And Spurgeon. Jared Spurgeon.
Who do you think? I think Slavin wins the Spurgeon.
Yeah, I do too.
Like I said, it's the Lady Bing.
Who knows? I think that's another one of the writers vote on.
You said it was Matthews, right? Yeah. He'd get the Rock over Shard. He doesn it's the Lady Bing. Who knows? I think that's another one the writers vote on.
You said it was Matthews, right?
Yeah.
He'd get the Rock over Shard.
He doesn't need the Lady Bing.
Yeah, and it's like when the writers vote, too, you never know which way they're going to go.
A lot of them play home, or a lot of them don't see guys play.
They've got to rely on reading about them and reading fancy stats
and that type of shit.
So, all right.
Hater.
Yeah.
Gang, we've all become OCB rolling papers guys here on Spitting Chicklets,
especially this week.
OCB is the largest rolling paper brand in the world and has been one with nature, crafted naturally since 1918.
So you know they've perfected the process for a consistently great session time after time.
In perfect harmony with natural, sustainable practices, the highest quality textile papers responsibly responsibly sourced and
sustainably crafted have always been the ocb signature unlike most brands that buy their
paper from a third party ocb oversees the entire paper making process ensuring a century of quality
straight to your hands the paper booklets are made in a facility that's powered by 100 green energy
also try the ocB Bamboo.
These papers are unreal.
It's your new second favorite plant.
In 2020, OCB rolled out America's first ultra-thin, slow-burning bamboo rolling paper
in cones that have been taken to market by a storm.
Again, I've been using these.
Highly recommend them.
The fiber is a 100 French milled bamboo.
The paper style is unbleached.
They're harvested responsibly, highly sustainable, chlorine-free, dye-free, bleach-free, even-burning,
naturally, always sticks, acacia gum, no tear, GMO-free, and vegan.
Ask for OCB Rowan Papers wherever you buy your papers and sample the entire line of products.
In the meantime, OCB is an incredible deal for our listeners go to
ocbusa.com slash chicklets and get four booklets of ocb and the rolling tray for just 4.99
sick deal it's worth 20 bucks it's a limited time only follow ocb on instagram at ocbusa
to stay in touch with the natural wonder of ocb Must be 21 plus to buy the papers and follow the social accounts.
But again, OCBUSA.com slash checkouts.
Four booklets and a rolling trade for 5.
Can't beat it.
Cannot beat it.
I was going to say my usual thing.
I don't want to offend any sponsors, but save that for another one.
All right, gang, moving right along here.
We want to send out congrats to Taya Curry.
She's a goaltender who became the first female ever chosen in the priority selection
when the Saniya Sting took what, the 267th overall pick. So congrats to Taya Curry. She's a goaltender who became the first female ever chosen in the priority selection when the Saniya Sting took
the 267th overall
pick. So congrats to Taya. We'll be rooting
for you. See what happens. Good for her.
A couple surgeries to note. Gino,
Evgeny Malkin had successful
surgery on his knee. He's not expected
for camp. And Max
Domi had successful surgery on a torn labrum.
He's going to be out five to six months as well.
What else? You could tell Gino wasn't himself.rum. He's going to be out five to six months as well. What else?
You could tell Gino wasn't himself.
Yeah.
He's battling through injury.
He's still getting enough done through injury.
Yeah, I know, looking back on it.
I feel bad, like, criticizing his game a little bit.
Big news.
It actually transpired.
Well, it sounded like a shitty fight, but Jake, was it Jake Paul?
I don't know.
Jake Paul.
Logan Paul.
The other Paul, Logan.
Logan Paul, Floyd Mayweather.
I just read on Twitter it was very boring.
Yeah, I mean, it's an exhibition.
There's no judges.
There's no score.
Nobody won.
But they both got banked.
Yeah, I mean, it just felt like a grift.
It felt like they basically hoodwinked everybody for their money.
Yeah, and this will continue, and I guess all the people of,
I mean, watching Mayweather, right?
Like, I understand buying it, but if the YouTube guys, if they keep fighting and people are buying it, it's only going to get bigger and bigger.
I think boxing's dead.
That's a tough scene.
What's going on in boxing?
Canelo is a blast to watch fight.
That last Canelo fight was a joy to watch.
But if you can kind of manipulate that industry like that,
it kind of feels like it's getting watered down.
But it's not really that industry, though,
because they're not even sanctioned fights.
You could do this at the Knights of Columbus with your buddies.
It's the same fucking thing.
That's what I was just going to say.
Where it sucks is when the YouTubers start fighting guys like Floyd Mayweather.
If YouTubers want to fight each other, I think that's sick.
Beat the shit out of each other.
That's great.
Oh, yeah.
And Jake Paul, he's fighting all these other...
Once you start doing the real boxers, that's when it's like,
all right, we're kind of fucking with the sport here.
That's Floyd Mayweather.
That's not like...
Was this my lower in the mound moment?
No, if Floyd Mayweather knocked him out in the first round,
it would have been pretty like...
That would have been awesome for bossing.
Yeah, but instead he went out.
It just sounds like one thing said it was like a spar but a couple lady
bings yeah i mean he it said it's loaded tell me tell me i'm on fire oh yeah you are and i'm not
even catching the bad ones though i think that people don't understand that we're kind of trying
to think of what we may say next we don't even listen to each other um i miss everything uh
logan paul it came out he makes like 14 million a year who knows who knows what he made for this
fight so all these youtube guys and he's like whatever he's been around the longest they make
all this money you gotta think some of these kids are gonna go broke these guys spend like i'll just
like go on the youtube the youtube how old am i? I'll go on YouTube and watch some of the videos.
They're buying ridiculous shit.
I don't know.
Will their stream of revenue end up running out at some point?
Can you as a YouTube star lose popularity pretty quickly?
Oh my God.
If you get demonetized on YouTube, which you're starting to see because it's the cancel culture,
people are getting canceled left and right.
Okay, but not that.
I'm sorry to interrupt.
I mean just like all of a sudden he's like there's been a guy or a girl that's like not
cool or popular anymore it happens all the time all the time that's the way these do they're
making they're making bank but there's there's one i'm speaking right now i i don't know it's
just weird like the the whole lifestyle it's crazy and how different how younger kids want
to be youtube stars just a thing that i know nothing about but the amount of money you're seeing is nuts i just want to be
the one that posts like dog photos and can monetize that mr finnegan on there so you should
just start doing mr finnegan like uh raps and then you can remix them you can throw the auto
tune on there
remix yeah exactly a couple disco hey we can get the disco biscuits for dogs get the chest pumping All my love. Your Tiesto remix. Yeah, exactly.
A couple of disco.
Hey, we can get the disco biscuits for dogs.
Get the chest pumping.
Mr. Finnegan brand fucking Molly.
Yeah, disco biscuits.
This 20 promo code.
With CBD insertion.
Have you ever been, either of you guys ever been.
Dog condoms.
A major boxing match in Vegas.
No, I would.
It's fucking awesome.
So I'm watching that Tyson documentary.
I think it was, I'm watching it on On Demand.
It was at ABC Sports.
It was just recently.
I'm not sure.
I didn't see it.
The vibe in his fights?
I can't imagine.
They showed one night, it was Jordan, Magic Johnson, Oprah.
It was like the who's who.
It was when he fought Spinks, the dummium Oprah.
90 seconds, dude. Talk about a fight that needed a Roman switch. Did I say Oprah, it was like the who's who. It was when he fought Spinks, the dummium Oprah. Oh, 90 seconds, dude.
Talk about a fight that needed a Roman switch.
Did I say Oprah?
Oprah was.
Yeah, she was there.
She had her coif up high.
She looked fantastic.
Yellow dress on, I think.
But yeah, a big time champ fight in Vegas looks like a scene.
Unreal.
I've seen a couple of big fights out there.
It's awesome.
It's just a whole electric scene.
It just seems UFC is a little
more entertaining right now.
No, it's definitely not.
But that Canelo fight was better than UFC
for me. Tricklets live streams.
I got to brag a little.
I was at Gotti Ward 2 down in Atlantic City.
One of the greatest boxing tournaments.
Arturo Gotti fought
Mickey Ward, who's from Boston area.
Lowell, yeah.
Yeah, watch the movie The Fighter Christian Bale
He plays his brother
Maki Maki plays Mickey Ward
Who fought Arturo Gotti three times
So I don't know what fight it was
It was definitely the first or second
Because I remember watching the third
Leading up to it
I remember my father was like
Come down you gotta watch this fight
Through three rounds
It was on ESPN. It was the
first one. It was ESPN. They were punching the
shit out of each other's faces. If you watch
this fight, it is one
of the most ridiculous boxing matches.
They're beating the shit out of each other.
It's unreal. And they ended up going
three times. And it was like, yeah,
the most famous trilogy of fights.
Arguably. I mean, you know, obviously you've got
Frazier Ali. I got goosebumps listening to this.
Not lightweights, right?
Middleweights?
They're not heavy.
They're below middleweight.
They're below middleweight.
Dude.
I don't give a fuck about boxing.
I think Canelo is like
the coolest fucking cat.
Yeah, he's just stallion.
Stallion.
Stallion.
And I just saw his tweet.
He just did the emoji face palm
after the fight ended. Yeah, there's disrespect in the sport. I think he looks at it like, did the emoji face palm after the fight ended.
There's disrespect in the sport.
I think he looks at it like, what the  yeah.
You know why?
Because I think that Floyd got Canelo before he was fully developed,
and I think that Mayweather waited until Pacquiao was past his prime to fight him.
Was that the only fight Canelo lost too?
I think it's his only  I don't know.
I think it is his only loss.
I was just going to go back quickly to movies.
I would say the most emotionally invested I've ever been in a boxing movie is not Rocky.
It was the one with Russell Crowe.
Oh, Cinderella Man is so good.
When he goes back and pays the poverty money, what's the unemployment money?
Remember he goes and he's so  and then he goes back and he pays it back because he was so embarrassed.
He was so proud.
Wait, time out.
Okay, so would you say million-dollar baby?
Oh, he was like a man of honor.
Dude, and then after the movie ended, the craziest part is what he ended up doing.
I think they named a bridge after him.
I don't know.
I don't remember the things, but you read what his life ended up being like.
He was a legend.
I don't even remember his fucking name.
What a scrub I am.
Who did Million Dollar Baby?
That's the other one.
Clint Eastwood directed that.
Cinderella Man.
I'm fucking drawing a blank on his name.
I know Ron Howard directed it, but Mickey Ward was a light welterweight.
Sorry, go ahead.
I don't remember.
Yeah, Cinderella man was great.
He's bringing home  and he comes home from the fight, and the kids and the wife, they don't know.
And they're in, like, the basement, and he's like, I won.
And he's got all the cash to turn on, like, the electricity.
Did they even have electricity?
I think they were eating ham sandwiches.
Yeah, it's just a great movie.
That's a good call.
But Rocky, Rocky the original is such a. Okay, I was going to ask you.
James Braddock.
James Braddock.
Rocky IV.
That's mine.
I know it's like the easy answer.
I like when he goes to Russia.
I like him fucking doing the logs on the big snow banks.
Gets me going, boys.
I was in the theater for that.
I want to say it was Rocky IV was 85, I think.
And I'll never forget you know the
beginning when they had the russian glove and the american glove the crowd was going yeah boo
like back and forth when each glove was going the fucking place is going ape shit you better
remember this cold war the cold war wasn't over yet wasn't i mean it was close to over but we
didn't know it was close to over i mean i know people like think kids have it tough today we
grew up for years not know if we're gonna have nuclear, even in the 70s and 80s, dude.
So, like, Russia was still this big, bad enemy.
Everyone thought all the women there were gross.
And they're like, we had all these things about Russia.
Yeah, a bunch of old guys, the ones with nines or whatever.
Babushkas.
And fucking, it was nuts.
The whole thing was the whole ape shit.
A couple of Ivankas in there.
Rocky, I mean, I got, Rocky's as much a sports movie, I think,
as it is like a romantic movie, like a love story. I mean, if you watch it again, it's like, I mean, I got, Rocky's as much a sports movie, I think, as it is like a romantic movie, like a love story.
I mean, if you watch it again, it's like, I mean, there's only a couple fights in it.
And the last, I think, 25 words of the movie, I Love You, said like eight, 11 times over and over.
I wonder if they knew, like, when they had that song, did they know that, oh my God.
It's kind of like the Halloweens.
Yeah, but that scares the shit out of you.
And this one just makes you want to do a couple push-ups. But my neck, I got a herniated disc, and then my elbow's messed up.
And how about, I mean, Sylvester Stallone.
Like, he held onto that script for, like, they're like, oh, we'll buy it off you.
He's like, no, I'm going to star in it.
And he was, like, eating fucking, like, cat food or whatever for, like, months
and making, like, low-grade pornos to pay the bills.
What? Yeah. He was doing those? He was in at least one. fucking like cat food or whatever for like months and making like low grade pornos to pay the bills. And what?
Yeah, he was in a, he was in a penetration.
No, like the soft core, but they don't show it getting in like Cinemax
types.
Tyson getting knocked out by bus.
What time is probably the greatest upset I've ever seen.
Yes.
Yeah.
We're going to wrap up soon.
We did mention a potential bite among the PLL league.
I know they just started up.
Give us a little background.
Yeah, I mean, just long story short, the PLL this year,
and PLL started up last year.
They're going to travel from city to city.
So all the guys are staying together.
Barnstorming.
Barnstorming.
I love that.
And all the guys are staying together.
And there was a brawl in a hotel lobby between two of the guys,
and apparently one of the guys' finger got bitten off.
The PLL released a statement saying basically that, you know,
there was an altercation.
They haven't confirmed or denied the finger thing.
But, Ari, you sound like you want to take it.
Yeah, Matt Gaudette of the Chrome Lacrosse Club in Austin
starts of the Chaos Lacrosse Club,
were both suspended indefinitely pending further investigation
by the PLL Discipline and Conduct Committee.
There was a video online allegedly of God that I don't know him.
I can't vouch for it, but he had a nasty gash in his finger.
Somebody tweeted that he was bitten.
There was no confirmation or corroboration that that's what happened.
It may have or may not have.
We're just passing along what Twitter said.
Either way, the gash was fucking nasty.
Both guys are suspended, and that's a bite, man.
It better have been from a fishhook.
are suspended. That's a bite, man.
It better have been from a fish hook.
Last year, at a golf course south of Boston,
two dudes got in a brawl
whether it was on the course or in the parking lot
after, I don't know, and one of the guys
bit the other dude's finger off.
Was it Bryson and Brooksy?
They'd be just smacking each other.
They charged the dude
with mayhem. I think he's going to prison.
You can't bite somebody's finger off.
You're going away if you bite somebody.
Mayhem.
It wasn't a fish hook.
It was just like...
It must not have been.
I don't know the story.
But even if it is a fish hook, if you bite his finger...
But yeah, if somebody sticks your finger in your mouth, you bite down, right?
So I don't know how that case went down.
But I just remember he got charged with mayhem.
I was like, that's a real charge.
I thought it was just the guy on the commercials. And this is all over like what? I don't know how that case went down, but I just remember he got charged with mayhem. I was like, that's a real charge?
I thought it was just the guy on the commercials.
And this is all over, like, what?
Like something on the golf course?
Like a stroke?
Yeah, I never knew how it began.
It was just the finger being bit off.
Go from the foot wedge to getting your finger bit off?
Man, I really shouldn't have kicked that ball out of the rough.
I ended up losing my pinky.
I'd be sandbagging out there. We're talking golf.
We got to talk about these two.
Yeah, so the feud continues between these guys.
And like I said, the PIP program, you're making bank,
you're making golf be talked about.
Now, the tour doesn't like this.
They're deleting videos of all this Brooksy versus Bryson stuff.
And what happened was, Kepka, who always goes on Pardon My Take,
check him out I
was on there today he uh hates Bryson and they're boys with him and all of a sudden they decided to
say whenever Bryson hits the ball say nice shot Brooksy and pardon my take we know this yeah I
just took it and I knew right away I'm like this is going to get big. Well, all of a sudden, they get to the event this week at the Memorial.
Jack Nicklaus is coursing outside Columbus.
Every single swing he's making, people are saying, attaboy, Brooksy.
Well, what does he do?
Exactly the opposite of what you're supposed to do when you get a nickname you don't like.
He decides to start having fans kicked out
he's having security walk around and literally boot people out of the tournament if they say
or if they call bryson dechambeau brooksy so now it's like dude you think it's gonna go away now
now it's this is just the beginning i thought i thought when it was reported it was being
lied that he was doing so so the whole day, my thing on Twitter is exactly what happened.
So it's true.
Some kid tweeted out, I've watched 10 people get kicked out for saying attaboy, Brooksy.
And like, yeah, police are there walking them out.
And then it came out, this isn't true.
Like, I got a couple replies.
So I wrote, apparently this isn't true.
All of a sudden, a verified account's like, no, no, no, no.
I'm here as well. And I just saw two more get the boot.
So, so thin skin.
This guy won a U.S. Open.
So thin skin that, like, he's letting this rattle him to the point where they're kicking fans out who paid.
And people are saying it's heckling.
It's like, is it heckling, man?
I don't know.
Let's go to R.A.
And they're not doing it in his back's way.
I'm on the fence about, like like if this is going to happen through every
shot throughout a round like yeah you're having someone around trying to get in your head it is
not golf proper etiquette correct but but if you're like if the game's growing and this is
fabulous for the game don't even try try saying it isn't invested and all of a sudden like yeah i
mean bryson de chambeau has people saying attababoy, Brooksy, you know what will stop it? Winning.
And if you never let everyone know it rattled you,
it would have gone away to begin with.
Now people are, and I saw one kid, he's like,
they can't kick us all out.
I mean, what are you going to do?
You're going to start throwing out 100 people around who are yelling, attaboy, Brooksy?
It's crazy.
I don't know how the tour goes about.
So then the tour is deleting the video of Brooks giving him the stink eye
that started this thing a couple weeks ago at the PGA.
It's just crazy that they've gone this in.
But DeChambeau just doesn't know how to handle a nickname he doesn't appreciate.
I think Bryson's got to go straight to the DMV or whatever you've got to go to to change your name and change the first name to Brooksy.
He just changes his name?
Change your name.
What do you got now?
Hey, you said it on PMT today.
You've got to get ahead of the story.
You've got to get ahead of the story.
With a jackal punch to the head.
You got to let everyone know that you know it's out there.
Hey, guys, go look.
As opposed to, look what we found.
When you went Sleepy Hollow, you got ahead of the story.
Golf has a stick up its ass, too, sometimes with this stuff.
Yeah.
Deleting videos and shit.
It's like, you know.
Well, they protect the players.
They don't want any image to not look etiquette golf-wise.
It's like, I don't know.
Times are changing.
Biz, you should go on the course and get the YouTube clip
of Torts yelling at Brooksy.
So play it, but you can't see anybody's mouth move,
so all I hear is Torts yelling at Brooksy
so they can't throw anybody out.
Well, hey, in the media mess of this is Phil Mickelson
still reminding everybody every day that he won the PGA.
That might be straight 360,
but they'll just have little videos in the cart
just pan over to the Wanamaker trophy.
And all these guys are fucking all worried about what's going on socially.
This guy's just living his best life.
The other golf news, too, was Jon Rahm birdied six of seven holes,
took a six-shot lead into the final round at the Memorial.
And on the green, tour officials tell him that he's tested positive for
covid he's not vaccinated and he's out so he has to end then withdraw but technically he was like
dq they wouldn't allow him to play and my whole thing is like i don't know this i don't know the
setup if you're vaccinated it doesn't matter he's not i'm not going to get into that how do you just
not tell him in private they're waiting on the Dude, he goes into a tent to sign his scorecard.
Can you just tell them in there?
I shouldn't be laughing.
It's like they literally met him when he was picking up.
They weren't socially distanced.
They were right next to him.
They were like, you're disqualified.
Breathing in his nose.
And it's like, all right, I guess I can't play.
I would sue the tour.
He was going to win 100.
He won last year there.
He was going to win probably 101.6 million, and now he can't play.
Whatever.
It's just crazy that they couldn't wait, I don't know, 20 feet where he walks and signs his card.
The tour.
Yeah, he got to the fringe, and they're just fucking ready.
If we took over, I mean, not we.
I'm not that in tune with social media.
But if our brand and Barstool took over the PGA Tour, it would be one of the most popular sports on the planet.
But they just hide and run from anything that would then get them new eyes
and just other listeners or viewers.
I think I kind of love it.
Love what? That they get rid of it all?
It's a story within itself.
It's just like people are completely aware it's happening.
Oh, yeah.
Then they look that dumb.
I know what you're saying. They're completely out of touch. It's amazing. It's actually amazing. It's just like people are completely aware it's happening. Oh, yeah. They look that dumb. I know what you're saying.
They're completely out of touch. It's amazing.
It's actually amazing. It's kind of like baseball.
And now hockey's figuring it out.
Well, should I take off four games?
Yeah. Well, not much left,
boys. Are we done here? Yeah, we're done.
Great catching up with you guys
the last four days. Absolutely.
Hopefully everybody enjoyed the show. We'll be
back again later this week. We've got another bonus episode coming later in the week for you. So everybody enjoyed the show. We'll be back again later this week.
We've got another bonus episode
coming later in the week for you.
So thanks for tuning in.
We love you.
Catch you later.
Peace.
As always, we like to thank our awesome sponsors here on Spittin' Chicklets.
Huge thanks to our longtime friends at New Amsterdam Vodka and Pink Whitney.
Big thanks to our friends at Bodyama.
Make sure you're staying hydrated with that stuff.
Big thanks to our friends at Roman.
Fellas, check it out, definitely.
Huge thanks to everybody at ZipRecruiter.
If you're looking for a job or looking to hire, check them out.
Big thanks to everybody at Earnest.
If you've got student loan debt, check them out by all means.
And a huge thanks to our friends at OCB Rolling Papers.
They're awesome.
Check them out.
Have a great week, everyone.
