Hey, Spittin' Chicklets listeners, you can find every episode on Apple Podcasts,
Spotify, or YouTube. Prime members can listen ad-free on Amazon Music.
Hello, everybody.
Welcome to episode 340 of Spitting Chicklets,
presented by Pink Whitney.
From our friends at New Amsterdam Vodka,
here in the Barstool Sports Podcast family.
What's up, everybody?
We're in a great spot right now at the semifinals.
It's now two best of threes to decide who plays for the Cup,
and it's also going to decide where our next road trip is. Boys, We know who we're pulling for because one country won't let us in.
Still a lot of balls in the air. And speaking of balls,
let's say hi to the boys, Mikey G producer down New York. What's up guy.
What's going on guys. Feeling a lot better this week.
Mainly because we dropped our bathing suits last Friday.
Also have some driver head covers,
some pink Whitney driver head covers coming this week.
So the machine keeps on rolling boys. We're not going to talk about roller hockey out the gate oh big announcement this week
it starts thursday registration's thursday at noon baby let's go the videos right it needs to
be a video creative doesn't have it doesn't have to be a video there will be videos you can also
just somewhat submit a description of why your team should be selected you can you can solidify yourself a spot
by entering a good video saying hey this is my squad we're going to come there and maybe just
potentially beat some of the pros and nhlers that we have playing in the tournament now we're going
to get the top tier guys and they're all going to be on the spit and chickles team so probably
you ain't going to fucking beat us but it's going to be a great time we're going to throw it at a
pen property we're going to have a party afterwards we're going to fucking beat us, but it's going to be a great time. We're going to throw it at a Penn property.
We're going to have a party afterwards.
We're going to mingle with all the spit and chicklets fans.
And RA going back to your comment,
Canadian border is officially open as July 5th to fully vaccinated
travelers.
So if you're vaccinated,
you can actually get going or I guess July 5th,
would that be when the flight finals would be if they were in it?
Yeah,
there's,
you know what? I love to get up to Montreal again. It's been a while. And what'd you say? July 5th, would that be when the flight finals would be if they were in it? Yeah, there's, I,
you know what?
I love to get up to Montreal again.
It's been a while.
And what'd you say?
July 5th,
things are open.
That's going to be right.
Probably in the middle of the Stanley cup.
So,
I mean,
if things are opening back up,
that means a shape free one,
this super sex.
I mean,
I don't know what the,
what the social distancing is.
I feel like you wanted to say like seven other ones there.
Yeah.
17 other ones,
but either way,
he's got all the phone
numbers memorized in his head like your old home phone number i think i told the story probably
100 years ago about we were a strip joint and i i was i had to use the throne in the strip joint
that's how bad i had to go oh my goodness had to build a big bird nest three minutes in i'm talking
about you taking a smash no but it's kind of secondary so i see i i hear the door open and
i look down i see
my buddy sneakers i recognize them but he doesn't know him in the bathroom so you know it's a strip
joint i look i was like hey buddy he's like like i could see his like head he's like i goes i'll
finish you off for 50 he had no clue i was in the bathroom he like freaked out of there and ran
ran out of the bathroom he just thought i was some creep in the bathroom i come out he's like
that was you in the store you asshole like you know, you know, he's in the strip joint.
There's a lot of fucking creepers that walk in and how those.
And then R.A. carved his name in the in the stall.
How could you see his head?
How could you see his head move?
If all you could see was his shoes.
I see.
Well, I seen like not his Ted move.
Like I was like, I could see his body kind of swing.
I could see his feet.
So like, you know, I got his attention.
I was like, hey, and I was like, finish you off.
Oh, he was fucking horrified. He had no clue. I had beat
him to the hopper. So a little toilet humor, literally. That's the voice of Ryan Whitney,
the wit dog. What's going on, buddy? Not much, guys. Two to two, both series.
I could still be a waiter for two nights. That is firmly alive. The hockey's been at times fantastic,
at times a little bit boring in both series.
We have so many things to discuss.
Oh my God, the amount of catch up we have to do,
talking about the referee and the goaltending situation.
Everything to do with the league right now
is all bananas, it seems to me.
So I'm looking forward to discussing
what's happened this past week. And also a golf talk what a turn oh i called the winner boys
no you did that's right you just said well i actually i don't think i said hey he dominates
this course and he dominated the course and then coming up we'll talk about it later but yeah he
was entertaining to watch but nobody wanted to win that one sunday i guess other than him at the end yeah for sure but it was still great great sunday of television on father's day
what a day you know i got to be with my dad got to be with my wife's dad the day before my sons
it was just a great day to watch some golf followed by hockey and basically not get yelled
at for sitting on the couch the whole time so do you get the pancake in bed routine as a happy Father's Day?
No, God, no.
I don't ever want to eat in bed either.
I bring her breakfast in bed quite a bit, but I wouldn't want to eat in bed.
I can't even eat a bag of chips without getting things placed,
let alone syrup on a blueberry pancake.
I went downstairs and I had an omelet.
It was great.
I ate healthy, felt good about myself.
Played in the golf tournament this weekend.
We were second place, two under after the first day.
Shot three over the second day.
Finished plus one.
Tied for third.
That was disappointing.
The elbow then blew up Sunday.
I also was woken up on Father's Day.
Ryder took a tomahawk chop to our, like, 85-inch TV.
Broke the screen. that was a kick in the
dick what are you gonna do get mad at a three and a half year old so it's you know woken up with the
swollen elbow and the broken tv it was it was an odd beginning but like i said the day turned out
to be fantastic uh can he write you a card do they write funny sentences at this age no no
three and a half i mean maybe there's some three and a half year olds out there writing but my son isn't i don't you know i don't know the age range when when shit
starts but does did he understand what they're 10 they're still in diapers right a uh did he uh
did he understand what father's day was though he said happy father's day i think you know i don't
necessarily know he he understands like the
premise of what it is but he said it okay we can move on do you wish people at heart happy holidays
that that aren't even on social media and he is like like people say happy father's day dad but
like the father's not i say if i walk by somebody i'll nod and say hey hey guy hey guys hey guys on
any day or a holiday just at any
holiday well any holiday but if the person's not on social media it's like what are you wishing
them for if they're not going to see it i feel like you're just doing it so like you know pump
your own ties in a way you know i mean if like the person you're wishing glad tidings to is never
going to see it then yeah it's a little bit like doing it yeah you know maybe it's just a thought
you want you want the people who follow you to understand you're thinking of a certain special someone in your life that day that isn't necessarily going to see it.
So I see your side.
Yeah, I see your side.
Yeah, I mean, you could, you know.
Happy holidays.
Not everything has to be for the public, I guess, is my overarching point.
He's singing a Christmas song with that poem.
I love it.
It's nasty.
By the way, I love that shirt.
Is that the Burger Van shirt?
That's the Burger Van.
I'm on board.
I will say, though, when Vegas picked Leonard to be in,
I was very confident that they were going to get one.
So as much as I'm on the Burger Van, we got a three-game series now, boys.
Absolutely.
Wait, what do you mean?
You're saying when they decided Leonard was starting,
you were confident Vegas was going to win?
Yes, very confident.
Wow.
I went to Twitter to announce it.
You did before the game?
Yeah, I said I liked the coaching move by DeBoer.
Yes, I thought it was good.
Good for you.
In the group chat too, Biz, I believe.
I said, yeah.
Although, I will say, I had idea who chris lee was as a referee
before yesterday and i think this guy as i say uh when we were talking to carrie frazier i think his
family is in witness protection right now because the canadians fan base they don't like this guy
mind you there was there was a few reasons as to why they should hate him uh should we dive into
that or should we go to the the headline here with the goalie situation all right uh we'll jump into the goalies first but
first we gotta let the folks know biz the final rounds for both winter sports will be starting
very soon so make sure you load up on the new 375 milliliter mickey size pink whitney bottles
whether rooting your squad on or drowning your season sorrows, do it with the Pink Whitney Mickeys at your local liquor stores.
Check them out.
And, yes, Game 4 is Sunday, Montreal-Vegas.
They call it Pivotal Game 4 for a reason.
It's usually 2-1.
Team wins, they go up 3-1.
The other team wins, it's 2-2.
And after Game 3, Marc-Andre Fleury had a tough gaffe.
Robin Lehner gets the start.
Peter DeBoer shocks everybody, I think,
given the fact that DeBoer  I'm sorry, that Lehner hasn't started since I think the first round,
21 days, I believe, since his last start.
A huge ballsy call by DeBoer to put in Lehner, and it worked.
Vegas ends up, after a dead couple periods,
ended up tying the game in the third, winning it no T.
Biz, let's go to you first, buddy.
Well, I mean, I won't draw it back to last game first.
I'll draw it back to last year when it was Leonard who got the net.
And, you know, we go back to the Alan Walsh tweet.
Hey, that was Alan Walsh getting emotional about a client he's very connected to
who he thought, given his resume, deserved that.
We don't even need to go there either.
But, you know, Leonard, now that he's in the opposite position,
why are you laughing, Grinnelli?
Emotionable.
I said emotionable there?
Yeah, he said emotionable.
Oh, for Christ's sake, we're off to a hot start.
Dash one.
I'm so mad I didn't hear it.
He just said emotionable?
So now we're on the flip side this year where Leonard's taking the backseat.
And he's been pretty vocal about the fact that, hey, it's Fleury's net.
He said he has
gotten us here well you know just as they've done all season long after rebounding from that
situation last year in playoff and the drama of it they're obviously all good collectively were
they not the best goaltenders in the league did they not win that award the jennings trophy the
jennings trophy that's the name of it they won won that. They had a great year. All year long.
Two goalie team.
So they get to a situation where Fleury has been on a long run here.
I think DeBoer ended up giving the amount of days and the amount of games.
And it's really been Fleury's net the whole time.
Now, given the emotional events of the Avalanche series,
one of which he had a gaffe in, had to go in between periods.
He fucking mentally got it together.
DeBoer saw a guy who he thought maybe given the gaffe from game three,
this is the opportunity right now to put a fresh goaltender in,
get flour, the mental rest, mental and physical.
I wouldn't necessarily say physical because at practice,
he looked pretty bubbly in that, but just said, hit your reset button.
We got a guy who can win one for us.
And, of course, going back to game one against the Avalanche
where they fucking hung Leonard out to dry,
the fucking boys owed him one.
And they got it done.
And it was a wonderful goaltending performance.
I think it was Goal Caulfield who had a chance to seal it
in the third period and put it up 2-0.
Nope, they go back the other way. They get the fucking save they needed and they ended up
mustering out a win so i think it's a an incredible coaching decision and you say ballsy ra i
completely agree because this went and i'll pass it over to you this fan base has gone mental about
this goaltending situation where they almost it's like they'd rather lose the
Stanley Cup than not have Fleury win every single game on the way there to do it it's like they
can't be happy with both guys splitting the net however way it's playing out well obviously there
was going to be emotional reactions when you saw the news I was I was surprised that's nice you
have it in writing that you like the move before the game and and and I guess looking at it now
right like Fleury is getting older he's played a lot he definitely didn't look like himself in you have it in writing that you like the move before the game. And I guess looking at it now, right?
Like Fleury is getting older.
He's played a lot.
He definitely didn't look like himself in games two and three,
like he had prior in the playoffs.
But still, man, that DeBoer walks to the rink with his balls in a wheelbarrow
because if they'd lost that game,
it was not one bit going to be on Robin Leonard.
It was going to be all over the board.
He understood it and he didn't care.
They wouldn't be talking about the power play not executing.
Or they wouldn't be talking about, how about the fact that in Vegas,
I think you got three goals from forwards in this series
and not one of them is Stone, Pacioretty, Carlson, Mar show or right. Riley Smith have one. I don't think so.
I don't think so in the series. So yeah,
just an incredible display of, of, of a coach really knowing his team.
And I wonder how Fleury handled it.
It certainly seems to be that they are a legit team.
And we talked to Sean Avery and he mentioned that once he heard the quote
that you said about Leonard saying, I this is Marc-Andre's net and the the thing that I'm
now shocked is is like what do you do in net and you say right back to Fleury yeah so you hear that
again when we talk to Avery I think that the right play just yeah it's like you you have Leonard
saying he's gotten us to this point this has been the guy to get without him we're not here that's just me saying hey I'm the backup I want to instill confidence in this
guy letting know hey I understand it's your net and that's the dynamic of which even going back
to last year when Leonard got the you know for for from a mental standpoint and even Leonard
talks about it he follows social media he talked about it after this he said he went to the rink two hours early to read all the negativity so he could pull a
fucking rocket up his ass so he can bring that team to that performance and if that's what it
takes to light a fire in your ass that's what it takes and going back to last year when you know
the Alan Walsh did what he did I thought that fucking Leonard handled it pretty good and now
on top of that in his situation in his time to shine last
year even though that happened to him he's still willing to take the back seat and elevate his
goaltender and and compliment him in in his shining moment when he got the the net and and got a must
win and I think it's such a healthy dynamic and and and it was awesome to see and I'm glad DeBoer
stuck to his guns and put those balls of his in the wheelbarrow and wheel them into uh into montreal
i love that uh the quote after where he did say like i i just read through the tweets to get me
fired up and then everyone on twitter's like what a fucking loser listening to us it's like dude
what are you talking about you can't be you can't be like dogging all over him and then be that
surprised that he's going to use that as motivation people are like what a what a fucking idiot why
would he be going on twitter like those are the same people who would be happy
with them being buddies what those are the same guys who wouldn't be happy with them being buddies
they want it one way they want it well yeah it's just like what whatever gets a guy fired up if
him reading people dogging on him on the internet is what does it hey look what he did he played
great that was he had some key saves early i mean we're talking about goaltending we don't bring up price it's just
so dialed in even on the winner even on the winner by Nicholas Roy or Wa right sorry excuse me
guys from like 10 minutes away scores a beautiful winner to tie the series up but he the saves price
made before he scored that was the third chance he stopped the tip then he stopped the rebound and then he gets it back again and finally
it ends up going in but price when he's this style then that's why i knew like even when they go down
one nothing it's like they gotta get two against this guy tonight and it took him to ot to do it
but vegas it's it's like i don't know if they're tired they've played a lot of hockey what are they
10 and 8 this year in the playoffs?
They went game seven.
They went to six, right?
And then they went to, now they're through four.
So, no, how many is that?
That's seven, 13. You lost me.
17 maybe.
Fuck, who knows.
But maybe they're getting tired.
But all I'm saying is if their forwards, their top forwards aren't scoring,
it doesn't matter if they even get through Montreal.
They don't have a chance.
Yeah. I mean, they
look like a different team after that
goal in the third period
with nine minutes left. I mean, it was like, okay, this is
the Vegas team we've been waiting for all series.
I mean, they were taking it to Montreal. It was like
then you wonder if it was just a confidence thing
because, you know, Montreal is obviously
talented, but they're just checking so much
better than Vegas could get anything going offensively. Is it an's and O's thing is it a hustle thing I don't know
but that fucking goal changed their their whole attitude with and and this this Stevenson guy I
don't think anyone knew how good he was or how valuable he was to Vegas and he's centering that
first line all of a sudden he's gone we have no idea what's going on with him it's a body injury
yeah he get when he get hit uh he got dinged from Ben Chirot.
They're suspecting it's a conky.
That's the scuttlebutt, that it's a concussion.
So what happens is
I'll say at least it's nothing structurally.
Like the head stuff sucks.
At least it gets the amount of time and takes care of that.
But at least he's not going to come back all banged up.
Yeah, if he's able to come back though.
Because if it's a bad one, who knows.
But the thing about him being out is not only it affects that line and how quick he is, but Tuck, who's had the chance to just play
on the third line and dominate, they had to move him up in game four
to try to play center on one of the top lines.
He's not comfortable doing that, or he's not at his best.
He still was like one of the best Vegas players last night
and has been the entire playoff run.
But you just lose that depth of having a third-line guy
dominating against different matchups,
and now he's got to move up.
So that injury was a bigger loss than I think people realized
when he first missed a game.
You mentioned Price.
In that game, in game three, when he made that save on Tuck,
I got a feeling.
Jeff even texted me, Jeff Jacobson.
He said, I got a feeling that that was the save
that's going to get him back going the other way.
And then, I mean, we didn't really talk about the gaff, RA.
When you saw it, I saw you took to Twitter.
You were like, holy shit.
I mean, I was just  it was also the announcer saying
how well he was playing the puck leading into it.
PF fucking whammied him, saying how his puck handling had made a difference that night,
and not five seconds later, it made the biggest difference it ever could.
And yeah, something like that, it's just got to be a mental error.
I mean, he fumble fucks it behind the net, loses it in his feet,
and it's as gift-wrapped as it could be for Anderson to put it home.
And I mean, it was just a stunning turn of events.
They're on the cusp of, you know, hopefully getting an empty netter
and sealing this game.
And now it's tied.
They're going to overtime.
And then what happens in overtime,
Macho Show takes a fucking baseball swing at the puck,
trying to play the puck.
It catches Corey.
And if you watch the real show,
Corey Perry was raising his stick at the same time.
So when he caught Perry's stick,
it actually rides up Perry's stick right into Perry's face at full force.
Referees do not call it.
And Perry gets up bloodied and angry.
And then right away, I'm like, Montreal is not losing this fucking game.
They didn't call the penalty.
I mean, I've seen this movie a bunch.
And you knew it was going to happen.
And sure as shit, I don't know, less than 10 minutes later,
a 2-on-0, a fucking 2-on-0 in overtime.
And, you know, we've been stroking Petrangelo off all series long,
all playoffs long, and rightfully so. He's been
incredible. I believe he's the favorite for the Cohn-Smith
right now, but that's a tough change
right there. I mean, when you flip the puck
up, it never gets into the zone, and that's another one
I replayed a bunch. It actually bounces over
Riley Smith's stick, and it never
gets, he never gets possession. And who else but
Jeff Petrie bats it over to Jesperi
Kotkaniemi, who makes an unreal pass to Anderson.
And then when Anderson bats it down, again, it hits his skate,
and it's not even his puck for about a half a second.
It's anybody's puck.
Meanwhile, what's his face?
Byron had just jumped on the ice, so he's full of energy.
Theodore looked out of gas, waving at it.
And then it's a 2-on-0, bink, boop, dunzo, blouses, game over, moving along.
Yeah, that was great.
That was quite the  oh, my goodness, Art.
You reminded me of so many different things.
So let me go back to one thing.
You said Fleury's gaffe was a mental mistake.
I don't  I don't know.
Is your argument that he's not into the game as much as he should be
and he's not dialed in and is focused?
Because I could argue that it's just a physical mistake.
Like there's spin on the pocket, hits his skate.
I don't necessarily think that's mental.
I mean, if it's not mental, how is it?
I guess I'm out.
There's mental mistakes where the mental mistake to me
is when you'd go on a really bad line change
or you'd take a really selfish, stupid penalty
where a physical mistake is like if you make a bad pass or you do what Fleury did, I think there is a difference.
I guess I think if he was 100 mentally locked in, he wouldn't have lost it for that half a
second, which is all it took for him to kick it. But, you know, I guess six one half doesn't the
other. But did you see the next practice? I also think he's the type of goalie when he's locked in,
he's playing extremely loose and aggressive. Yeah. yeah and aggressive so he went out to play it and and he didn't change
anything up where hey i'll tell you what if i was a goalie in the last three minutes i might not even
get out of the net i i know there was what there was 151 left i think fans i think fans would love
to see their goalie not get out of the net i mean i know there's some goalies and price is great and
there's guys who can go play the puck but it's it's like for every nice play they make
you see this one decision that ends up costing people games and you're like just stay in the
crew oh yeah mike smith would give like about five fans a game cardiac arrest because he'd be
fucking buzzing up the ice joining the russian shit Did you? What else did you bring up?
Oh, Petro.
Yeah, what a player he is.
Oh, and that's what I wanted to talk about.
You talk about a two on all.
Paul Byron slides it over to Josh Anderson who gets his second in the game to win it.
Paul Byron three times was on waivers this year.
I thought it was once early.
I knew early he was.
And then last Saturday in the broadcast,
three times they had anyone could have had him.
He's been outstanding. Him
and Darren Helm were two of the guys that
I always thought. Darren Helm of the Detroit Red Wings.
Like, these guys and Michael Grabner,
if these guys could score on breakaways,
they'd get 130 goals each
season. They're always on breakaways and they
never score. Well, all of a sudden, Paul
Byron this year is scoring on all of them.
And they're beautiful goals. The one he has a game for he shelf on leonard is a sick play and then the pass he
makes over to anderson but seeing byron play the way he has and knowing that three different times
they were looking to get rid of them it just shows how crazy of a game hockey is and how like you
just keep going stick with it you never know when your time's going to come. Won't go away.
And Anderson, and Anderson, excuse me, this fucking guy, slow start.
He hadn't been scoring.
And then all of a sudden, that game gets him buzzing. And we're leading into game four.
And as the game progressed,
he was one of the most dominant playoff performers in a game.
He had 10 hits.
He was running people over.
An unreal move. I don't remember who the D-man was who fell down. He cut 10 hits. He was running people over. An unreal move.
I don't remember who the D-man was who fell down.
He cut to the middle, just missed the net.
Could have had another one there.
But definitely Montreal's best player.
And if you're going to see him get going like that,
that could completely change their team.
So when I said that, I was a little critical of him.
I was saying, ah, he's got to show up a little bit offensively.
But I started watching him a little bit more closely.
He was getting all the little stuff done.
And he was making an impact. And he driving to the net and you know he wasn't
getting the bounces and then sure should i say it and then he gets two tucks and yeah great execution
now some people thought maybe on the on the entry when he batted that down it would have been a high
stick but i thought it looked all good when he ended up batting it down off the shaft on the way
it would have been ridiculous yeah i would have lost it on that.
Yeah, I'm glad they didn't make a fucking big deal about that.
That would have sucked.
Okay, so here's one other thing about the series that I'll mention,
especially early on.
I'd never seen so many fucking goals scored off of face-offs.
It felt like every time somebody lost a draw,
there was a goal going in the net.
So I go to Twitter because I saw Suzuki as a centerman
for at least one or two of them
so then i see this stat vegas montreal uh goals off face-offs suzuki had a stretch he went seven
for ten so only three losses on every single loss it ended up in the back of his net how big of a
kick in the dick is that every one of them the three losses out of that seven and ten seven out of ten stretch
he was he was the centerman to lose it and it was in the back of the net i i honestly think at this
point in the series there might be six or seven goals scored within five seconds of a face-off
being won so just just tells you how important the small details of the game are as the farther
you get down the stretch and um you know what the The only way that Montreal might figure out a way to win this series
is at the fact that Petrie sold his soul to the devil.
No, he ate a human.
Oh, that's what happened.
When Tony Mitchell and Sadaguchi were.
Oh, life force.
Canadians are bankrolling life force.
Because I don't know if you guys, his eyes.
Okay, so I saw it on twitter and i was like that's
a that's a what do you call when you adjust a picture when you uh when you're the bass player
for limp biscuit no but i thought it was like contrast no like what do you do to pictures
to make a shop when it's all the red eye and um and then i saw another one i was like oh my god
so then i'm like where did he get hurt again? Oh, yeah, his thumb or his pinky.
So then the only guess is, like, the Toradol reaction would make that happen?
Like, what was that?
I was thinking allergies, but if we're going to go to Toradol, sure.
Yeah, his wife
You were thinking
You think allergies could do that to somebody's eyes?
No.
You're not used to the desert?
I get allergies.
It was something  not conjunctivivitis but the word had conjunct there
in it so it was some sort of eye thing and they said it was related to his injury his wife said
he doesn't feel any pain from it doesn't hurt uh but i forget the name was like conjunct something
you know conjunctivitis when you get it in your eye it had a very similar name to that with the
eyes but said he felt no pain but i will tell you to keep keep your eyes on a little merchandise
drop coming soon for the Canadiens fans.
If you like Petrie's look, well, you're going to like the new T-shirts
we're dropping as well.
Biz, did you see Gianna Flau's first practice after his gaffe?
He played the puck a similar way, and he raised his arm and saluted himself.
Well, that's why I said afterward, I don't think it's an energy thing.
I think the practice the next day, he was getting extra work done
and joking around. I'm sure he knew people would see it. think it's an energy thing i think he got practice the next day he was getting extra work done and
like joking around i'm sure he i'm sure you know people would see it i think it's all lighthearted
in that vegas locker room and and uh like usual people are just kicking up dust online uh rather
than what's actually happening inside kind of like when i made up the rumor that barzell wanted
out of islanders um the also the other cross you got an ad here all right i'll toss it over
just want to let you
folks know today's athletes deserve more than just your grandfather's tired old salty sports drink
which is full of artificial dyes and the body armor i've been slugging this stuff all summer
it's been hot as whatever hot as hell up here in boston i'm not sure what i could say uh definitely
want to check this stuff out it's awesome stuff body arm is made with potassium packed electrolytes
antioxidants and b vitamins plus no artificial sweeteners, flavors, or dyes.
Badiama sports drink provides hard work and hydration and more,
plus it tastes great.
Right now, I'm all over the tropical punch.
I also dig the blackout berry fruit punch and, of course,
the watermelon strawberry.
So Badiama right now helps today's athletes stay on top of their game.
It's available for purchase in-store and on Amazon right now.
And you can learn more at DrinkBodyama.com.
Stuff is fantastic.
Check it out if you haven't yet.
Sorry, Biz, we can move right along.
Oh, no worries.
But they were milking it on the broadcast.
I just thought, given his eyes, just maybe avoid doing the close-ups.
I just felt they kept going back to him.
And I know he's on the ice a lot,
but did you guys felt it got excessive at one point?
I mean, I don't know.
It is kind of funny.
It's creepy looking.
I didn't think it was excessive.
Oh, just don't show injuries again.
Yeah, I mean, I think that his wife made
I saw an Instagram post where she
People crying when they show the injuries too much.
Oh, no, but she seemed kind of like, you know,
you're listening to what everyone's saying online.
She's like, he's dealing with something from his injury.
So I just, I was, I'd never seen anything like that.
Apparently, Biz thinks a little Paul and makes you look like fucking Dracula,
but to each his own.
I mean, yeah, I'm not a doctor.
Oh, shit.
Wait, you mentioned earlier
Vegas defense getting most of their offense.
Seven of the 10 goals have been from their D.
That ties a record to four teams
for the most goals by defensemen
in a playoffs run.
I thought it would have been a lot higher than that,
but yeah, they're getting the bulk
of their offense from their back end.
Obviously, people had some issues
with the referees,
which is a good time to mention
who I guess a little bit later. Kerry Fraser mention who our guests are a little bit later.
Kerry Fraser, who Biz interviewed solo a little while back,
we brought him on to talk about the referee stuff
and what goes through guys' minds
and why these decisions might be getting made.
It was some good perspective,
and we also brought our pal Sean Avery back
for a little discussion of what's going on.
We're not getting into it until later,
but we'd like to mention early in the podcast who our guests are.
But, Biz, going back to the ref stuff.
It was a game three, a rough night for the officials, man.
We talked about it with, with, with Kerry,
but what did you think when they missed that high stick on Perry,
when he just whacked him in the face?
I mean, it's, it's stunning that it doesn't go,
especially when you think it's Montreal on a fucking Saturday night in the
forum.
I guess, I mean, we kind of summarized it in the Frazier Friday
or when Kerry mentioned it.
And he said they had the opportunity for the linesman to come in.
So there was eight eyeballs on that that could have made that call, right?
Right, Whit?
Yes.
So it's just like it's kind of shocking how even like the linesman
at a certain point didn't come over and say, hey, you know,
you other two guys that got the stripes on, like he literally baseball swung him in the face I don't know if you
guys saw that but it happened and he's bleeding everywhere you should probably call the four
but it never happened there was no communication and they got away with one and I mean the hockey
gods took over from there thankfully because that would have been absolutely chaotic for the league
if Montreal wouldn't have won that hockey game win.
Yeah, but the thing was, earlier in the game,
they had no business being in the game.
I don't know what the shots are.
People are like, the shots aren't high danger scoring chances,
but the first at least half of that game was Vegas just dominating,
and Montreal could get nothing going.
So they get to overtime, and then to not see that called as a Canadians fan,
I would have felt the other way,
RA,
where you said they're a hundred percent winning.
Now I'm almost like,
Oh my God,
you didn't get that call.
Like,
and now you're going to lose and then people be able to blame it.
So in the end,
it was good that they won because I don't know what would have happened,
but to not get that penalty called four refs,
four,
two refs,
two linesmen.
I,
it doesn't make any sense.
The pucks right there.
If it was in the corner,
as the puck moved to the other corner,
it's like,
all right,
yeah,
nobody's looking,
they're watching the park,
but I don't understand how that happens.
And then the next game,
it's,
I don't even know.
We talk in refs now,
but then the next game,
it was even worse.
It was  so the funny thing about game four is I'm watching with my dad,
and I'm like, I don't  we're noticing, all right, they're not calling anything.
And he said, he's like, I don't  I mean, I don't really mind this
as long as it just stays this way the whole game,
which unfortunately can never happen because at some point you're going to get a call.
And in game
four the first call was this weak slash on Martinez as he's going to shoot the puck I don't remember
who got it I can't think of it right now in Montreal but after what they let go you see
Nosa cross-check Weber from behind Weber gets up cross-checks him then punches him no calls okay
back and forth then people are really going bananas because, you see,
I think who was the D-man that punched Suzuki?
Oh, okay, so that was McNabb.
That was McNabb.
It was on a penalty kill, and I felt that, like,
Suzuki kind of pushed him with the two hands,
and then McNabb don't play no games.
He's a straight-up thug in front of the net,
so he punched him right in the face where it's like,
I was okay with that one.
People were losing.
Well, the issue with that one is, Biz, and I know what you mean,
because he just got pushed.
He's punching him back.
It's not the end of the world.
But Chris Lee is looking at it.
And not only does he not call it, dude, he just looks away.
Like, look at the clip.
It's so funny.
He's just like, I didn't see it. He's just like the blatant, like I didn't see it.
He's just like, nope.
And then so you have that.
He was set beside Leonard reading Twitter before the game started just with him.
Oh, yeah, you think you're getting it bad.
Look at me fucking Chris Lee, Chris Lee, Chris Lee.
And then to see that happen.
But the Joel Edmondson cross check on Carrier to not get called.
Another one with a puck strike.
That one I was like, holy shit.
At this point, I'm not the fan of call everything.
I like letting them play.
The game's different in the playoffs.
I know it sounds crazy to some fans, but to me it isn't.
But that right there is over the line.
It's like at some point you've got to call something.
Turn it up. Kerry Frazier goes into it talking about that right there is over the line. It's like at some point you've got to call something. Turn it up.
Kerry Frazier goes into talking about how you lose control of the game.
And last night, there was no rules.
I mean, that guy's head bounced off the fucking dash.
Turn it up to medieval times mode.
Yeah, just straight up sucker him.
No call.
Kerry's head legit bounced off the fucking dash, man.
I know.
I was like, how does he not call that?
Also, we've got to call the Vegas dasher, man. I know. I was like, how does he not call that? Also, we got to call it the Vegas power play.
Absolutely brutal.
I know it's like about 10 for the whole series.
I don't think they've scored once versus Montreal.
Montreal scored 25 straight penalties, if I'm not mistaken.
I'm not sure if they added one to game four.
They've killed?
What did he say they did to him?
I think you said they scored 25 straight.
Did I say scored?
I'm fucking, I've got ahead of myself.
I got so many facts in front of me, I motioned together.
Yeah, Vegas power play has sucked,
and Montreal's penalty kill has been unreal.
They've killed 25 straight penalties.
I'll clarify that.
But we did kind of bury one of the leads here, Biz.
Dom Duchamp, first guy to go to Vegas and catch COVID.
He come back, I'm not laughing at him,
but it's like the whole traveling party went,
and only the coach come back with COVID. It's kind of crazy when you think about it. I'm not laughing at him, but it's like the whole traveling party went and only the coach come back with COVID. It's, it's kind of crazy when you think about it.
I'm not casting dispersions. Just everybody comes down from the country.
Keep going. I want your, I want your theories.
No, it's wild. And he actually had gotten his second,
his second shot as well. I don't know how they,
they all work and all that, but the bottom line is the whole traveling party,
both teams, he was the only guy to test positive.
So they had to take him out of the lineup and it's kind of it's kind of strange how things
play out uh crazy luke richardson who that was his nickname when he played he ends up taking over as
the interim coach uh head coach behind the bench and we had probably one of the more moving scenes
of the playoffs after the game i mean uh someone caught a clip of it and it wasn't done for the
cameras or anything like that, obviously.
Well, you could see Luke blow a kiss onto his lapel.
He has he has a pin on his lapel for D.I.F.D., which is a organization called Do It For Darren.
Darren was this 14 year old daughter who died from suicide at age 14 back in 2010.
And that's the organization that supports education, awareness and research initiatives that encourage young people to talk openly about mental illness and to ask for help when needed.
So when you see that, man, it's like, I don't give a shit who your root for,
what your team is, or any of that stuff.
It's just such a humanizing thing to see,
and you can't help but be moved by such an emotional thing like that.
A very, very powerful scene.
And the broadcast had mentioned that Ducharme still talking to the team before the game on Zoom, like I think in the mornings.
I don't think they said he's talking in intermission.
I don't think that'd be the case, but who knows?
I mean, he's obviously able to stay in touch with the team, but yeah, that is a crazy story.
And I'm pretty sure they said he won't be back the rest of the series, right?
10 days.
So no, there's no way
and I want to say I saw a trailer like a hype video for Montreal they released where even uh
Burger Van went in the room and had to give a speech because you know now they've dealt with
a lot of adversity they've been an uphill climb since since this began they lost Drew N I think
you know Tatar wasn't playing very good they They lost Petrie, who was, you know, a big piece to close out the last series.
So he got in there and he said a pretty good speech.
And I tell you what, as far as adversity concerns, they dealt with it all,
but probably not as much as Micheletti trying to get out that
Cockney Niemie name on the broadcast.
He's awesome, though.
I like him a lot.
He is unbelievable.
But this just goes to show, guys, that sometimes they don't come out clean now why don't you roll the clip there
grinnell now kaka kaka uh kenemi niemi pardon me hey if there's anybody who feels for you it's this
goddamn podcast yeah try saying these names it's's not easy. Cock in the Emmy.
Yeah. I get now the jump.
Cock in the Emmy. I did. You've been getting it from the jump.
Yeah, I've been I've learned that one.
Oh, yes. Very cock.
Don't break your arm. Pat yourself on the back.
Oh, please.
You can teach me. You can teach me some lessons in that one.
Yeah, I got long arms.
Yeah.
How are you?
I just mentioned I do it for Darren, the organization.
I did want to pass on the website.
It's DIFD.com if you wanted to learn more about it or perhaps make a donation.
Again, it's a worthwhile cause.
Also, teams that take a 2-1 lead, obviously both series are tied,
but this is interesting to keep an eye on, boys.
Teams that take a 2-1 lead, 781 winning percentage in best of sevens.
That's crazy.
And he's going to really be put to the test this round because the Islanders tied it up and Vegas tied it up.
So we'll keep an eye on it.
And Cole Caulfield, the first to have 21 and younger
with a five-game playoff point streak since our buddy Shane Corson
way back in 1987.
I'm hearing rumblings that we could have a Pavelski-Caulfield team
against us in a sandbagger.
Oh, how do they know each other?
They're both Wisconsin Badger alumni.
Okay, okay.
Pavelski's got like a company.
I know we talked about it one episode.
We got to get the info on that.
He said he's going to come on eventually.
It's pretty cool.
It's pretty cool the sounds of it.
We'll talk about that when we have him on.
But, yeah, Cole Caulfield, he is so quick.
Holy shit.
Like, I can't believe there was a moment in this playoffs.
He wasn't in the lineup.
What the hell were they doing?
Yeah.
This guy, he's dominating when he's out there.
Big chicklets guy, too.
Huge chicklets fan.
His brother had the shirt on, right, G?
He did.
That's a bunch of free advertising for us. So shout out to him. Huge Chiclets fan. His brother had the shirt on, right, G? He did.
That's a bunch of free advertising for us, so shout out to him.
And we also sent them all the Burger Van shirts, all the Habs T-shirts,
and they loved it.
He said they passed them out around the locker room in there.
Who's on the Burger Van with him, Biz?
So we got Carey Price, Shea Weber, and Cole Caulfield.
And then Burger Van, baby.
Burger Van, driving. All right, alright boys any last notes you want to share
before we send it over to our friend Kerry Fraser
I just hope Chris Lee is safe
come on Chris Lee I hope you're safe
alright boys
if you got nothing else I'll add a couple here
Kerry Price tied for the most
road wins in a year with six
he's tied a couple of good guys
to tie Ken Dryden, Patrick Waugh, and Joel Amir,
tied for the fourth-best goals per game average by a European Montreal Canadian.
He's got eight goals in 23 games, puts them behind only Kovalev,
Zednik, Kotkin, Niemi, and Naslin.
It's pretty good company for a guy who's going to be probably cashing in
pretty big time this year as an unrestricted free agent tyler toffoli had an eight game point streak five goals five assists
the only guys with longer ones in the history of the franchise larry robinson and gila floor that's
some pretty heady company so i like to give these guys i'm giving the daps as they're making as they
make any strides what's up is two things? Two things to close Montreal on. So, obviously, not full capacity.
Not really sure where I heard that from. Maybe
I just made it up in my brain.
Why don't they stick the fans
on the glass? I know it's not as
good as seats, but it would look so much better.
Watching
those games with the fucking
big-ass things in Montreal make it
so much less exciting for me on TV.
But I cannot be the only person who thinks that.
And I know 3,500 is not a lot, Whit,
but they made it known that they don't like Max Pacioretty.
They were booing him.
No, I mean, they're booing Patches.
I think Patches did a lot of great things in that city,
and there's no reason to boo him, but that's how fans are.
Yeah, I mean.
He ended up wanting to be traded.
Okay, so he wanted to be traded okay so he wanted
to be traded it was a long time he was there doing a lot of good things having some big time seasons
and at some point the team's no no good i mean if you're gonna hate him forever hate him forever but
i think when when his career is said and done march your offense will look back at him with
good thoughts and feelings i mean they should be happy considering what they've gotten out of
suzuki that's why he's got four goals,
six assists in 15 games.
So far,
this playoffs,
uh,
25 in his career,
eight goals,
nine assists.
This kid's legit.
He's been fun to watch,
but all right,
we're going to get to phrase Carrie Fraser in just a second.
But first at Labatt,
they don't care if you're good or bad at most things in life.
They only care if you're good at being yourself and yourself, and not pretending to be somebody you're not.
And if you are, they're good with you.
After all, if you choose Labatt Blue
Light, you're good at the most important thing there
is, beer.
We already know you're good at watching hockey, so
be good at beer, too, with a pristine
Canadian Pilsner Labatt Blue Light.
We're going to be working with Labatt
Blue all year. If you've seen us on the
live streams, we'll be doing a lot more of that. got some more exciting stuff coming up so grab a pack and enjoy
a nice labat blue or labat blue light oh that's good stuff and now without further ado
longtime nhl referee kerry fraser well it's a pleasure to welcome my next guest back to the
show he refereed more regular season games than anyone else in NHL history
and is probably the most recognizable ref to blow a whistle,
thanks in large part to his tremendous flow.
Thanks so much for joining us once again on the Spit and Chicklets podcast.
Kerry Fraser, how are we doing, my friend?
I'm doing great.
Listen, blow the whistle is just a figment of the speech.
I was told many times I should have been sucking it instead of blowing it.
Well, I did look up some info on Wikipedia.
It did say you had a bouffant, which I don't believe that's a bouffant.
So I don't trust Wikipedia.
No, I don't trust Wikipedia, but thank you very much.
Oh, man.
So it's been a while since we had you on.
The playoffs are in full swing, which means fans crying about the refs
is in full swing.
Obviously, we want to bring you on for your perspective.
Is there really an issue here, Kerry, right now with the way the games
are being officiated, or is it just the world we live in with the super slow-mo
and HD, social media, instant reaction?
Is it a combination?
Well, you know, it is a combination of everything.
But I have to tell you that the only consistency that we're seeing from game to game, night to night, is that the fans, the coaches, and the players are complaining, as always, about the officiating this time of year.
complaints are valid as well and uh you know biz and wit are are going to probably agree with me and attest to the fact that you just as a player want to know what it is you can and can't do
and if it happens at that end and it's okay then it should be okay at this end depending on
everything else score time whatever uh and that's the biggest deterrent for players to commit infractions and and what we're
seeing uh and i'm seeing are uh plays uh that happen one night that go uncalled and then you
have a new crew come into the same series and then all of a sudden it gets called and it really
disrupts the uh the mental approach that uh players can play with and uh play hard, which is what we expect this time of year.
But there has to be a line that, you know,
the road has to be like this.
And sometimes, you know, it's closed.
And other times it's just, you know,
you're going over a dirt trail.
I think for the most part, a lot of refs say
we just don't want to be a storyline, right?
Like if we're not discussed, things are going well. And in that, they maybe want guys to be want to be a storyline right like if we're not discussed things are
going well and in that they maybe want guys to be able to play a little bit more especially in
the playoffs now i'm looking at sunday night's game four between vegas and montreal and as a guy
who did so many games it was evident that they were just letting them play it was prison rules
is that something where the two refs i think it was dan Daniel Rourke and Chris Lee are in the room before the game and
discussing on how they're going to ref this game,
or is this totally like each guy's an individual and it just,
the game goes and you just see how it begins and ends. Like,
I wonder about what leads into the game and the discussion in the room between
the two head referees.
Great question, Whit,
because you guys have both been in playoff meetings,
and you've had situations where coaches are going to give you specific assignments.
You're going to be watching a certain player.
You're going to defend a certain way.
You're going to attack a certain way, end zone breakout, blah, blah, blah.
So you have a game plan.
Well, the officials have a meeting at least the day at noon of game day.
Sometimes it happens the night before. And as the series prolongs, the the series supervisor updates the new officials coming in to the series.
They maybe have watched the games on TV, but there might be some hot spots for them to look at.
You know, it might have been there was a nasty hit and there might be some retribution coming uh you know the other night we saw shea weber get uh run
from behind uh no call um we saw in vegas uh i believe it was in game two right at the end of
the game uh d man face first into the glass with a minute and change left in a one goal game and
and six attackers,
no call. I'm looking at that and I'm going, oh my God, you got to call that man. That has to be a penalty. And because it was in game two, now the series goes to three, four, and we're going to go
back to Vegas. And the fact that the next night there was a play where, and I believe it was Chris Lee, that made a call where in the end zone D,
Montreal attacker comes off to the side, not to hit him in the numbers,
gives him a push and a twist.
He goes into the boards, boom, up goes the arm.
It wasn't nearly as bad as the hit in the previous game
at the end of the game with the game on the line.
So that leaves you guys to say is it referee
by score time and drives me nuts it drives me nuts it's crazy and and watching this year is tough
because of the inconsistencies and in your opinion going to game four vegas montreal so
nosik buries weber from behind and no call then what happens edmondson gets Carrier do you think that wasn't called
because the first one wasn't called is that was that where they're at like oh we can't call that
one now so then you're so behind the eight ball that when do you even start to make the first call
you're absolutely right what happens is as the snowball rolls down the hill you know part of the
the official's mindset is I need to be fair I i gotta be fair oh man i let that one go
and that that wasn't you know that doesn't sit well with me but then the one goes the other way
and it's a little worse but because you let that go you feel obligated to let that one go and now
the snowball starts rolling down the hill it gets bigger and bigger and that's where prison rules
come in and that's where the players the inmates are running the prison it's the worst possible feeling as a ref in the pit of
your gut you go oh my god i gotta stop this somehow what's it gonna be shoot a puck over the glass
it's out of control biz here we go well i mean i could go so many ways through through your answers
so far so you as a referee of course you were prepared going into a game when things got off the rails quickly. Let's say you kind of lost control early. Like,
was there something that you would do? Would you try to go talk to both coach and say, Hey,
I've missed a couple here. Bear with me. I'm going to figure my way out here. Or do you just
try to collect your thoughts on your own? Well, first of all, Biz, your question, it never
happened. I never let the game get out of control yeah right i'll tell
you what happened in the playoffs and i used it uh often when i had a fee and you have to have a
feel for the game you guys have to have a temperature when you play it and sometimes it's
going too high the ref has to bring that emotional component down a little bit to keep it you know
within reason we want you to play hard.
But when I've had scrum after scrum, finally, and I haven't had the ability to call a penalty,
I've gone, timeout. I'm going to the benches. I'm talking to the coach. And I talk to each coach,
and I say, listen, you've taken far too much advantage of my generosity here. I'm embarrassed.
advantage of my generosity here. I'm embarrassed. Now I'm going to take charge. So the next time it happens, I may, I never say I'm going to, I may call a penalty and it's only going to be one guy
probably, might be yours, it might be theirs. I want you to take care of the situation. To a coach,
each one of them would say, boys, you heard it, calm down.
I'd say play when there's no whistle.
When the whistle blows, you stop playing.
Well, you kind of mentioned prison rules too.
Now, as a referee, were your expectations
when it was playoff time
that you were just gonna call the rule book
maybe a little bit looser where you're okay
with maybe the battles in front of the net
getting more aggressive and so on and so forth to a limit you can't just put the whistle away and that's what we often hear
there are situations i mean i called penalties in overtime back when we had one ref and uh they
weren't popular uh i had a game uh in the stanley cup final and on a penalty that I gave Mark Hunter
with the Calgary Flames playing in Montreal.
He tried to put Shane Corson's head through the boards
on a dump out in the end zone in second overtime,
almost finished the entire second overtime with no penalties,
none in the first overtime, none in the second until that play.
And I can see it right now corson dumps the
puck into the neutral zone he's facing square to the boards five feet away and hunter's tracking
him tracking him tracking him and i'm going hunt don't hit him don't hit him don't hit him
pow right from behind head first into the boards now what do you do as a ref? Do you have courage? Up goes the arm.
It's a penalty.
It has to be.
And just as Hunter stepped under the penalty box,
Stphane Richer scored the winning goal on a goal line scramble,
and it's game over.
But before that game, and this is a good point to Witt's comment,
are guys instructed or do they get some kind of direction?
Before that game game in that
finals it was game three in montreal i was told by the referee in chief john mccauley god rest his
soul i love john he said to me privately carrie i want you to bring this series back the first two
games were really ragged they were loosely officiated I need you to bring it back for me
lay the hammer down and that's what I did period one two some coincidental penalties in the third
to let him know I was still there we had a tie game now we go into two overtimes until finally
I'm forced to call a penalty. Kerry I'm sure there's a logical answer but what's the reason
the league doesn't keep the same same official crews for the entire series?
Sooner or later, you're going to get pissed off
with those referees from one side or the other.
And overexposure.
Some guys look at the roster in the morning skate
and they say, oh my God, no, not that guy,
I'm sure, in the dressing room.
Well, they got Chris Lee's family and witness protection right now.
He did one game for the fucking Habs.
Hey, before the game, I'm on social media.
I've never heard a name came up maybe other than yours before,
before puck drop. And I'm like, I'm like, who the fuck is Chris Lee?
Like, why is everybody talking about this guy?
Do you get called up or something? But sure as shit,
it was the referee and everybody was worked up before the game.
And then of course,
during it.
Well,
you know,
now with numbers on the backs and not our names on the back,
you know,
it's,
it's quite odd that somebody knows anybody's name out there.
I,
you know,
we went to the numbers after our strike in,
in the 93 season,
Gary Bedman decided he wanted to keep us protected from
fan abuse and such so we took our names off the back wrong anyway we had numbers and and uh right
until i finished it didn't matter whether my young referee parker in the two referee system
would make a call and the chant would come up fraser sucks they knew who I was they didn't know the other guy uh going going to that uh as far as the players knowing the referees would you be ever okay with
post-game press conferences for officials would that have been something that you would have okayed
and answered questions afterward I did it I did it before uh back when John Ziegler was the president
of the league and and uh we would be in the playoffs,
we'd have a series supervisor. If there was a question on a call and the media goes to you guys,
they get your take on it and whether there's some bias there for sure. And then I would encourage
through the series supervisor, send in a beat reporter that would act as, you know, the liaison
for the rest of them, ask questions, let me give you a quote. And and so you understand, at least
from my perspective, why I did or didn't make the call. I couldn't agree, but that all changed.
That all changed. I couldn't agree more with that. And now, with social media, and how everything is
just, you know, they stop things, and they through the slow motion and you're able to just dissect every little non-call, call, goal, goal against that.
It's so crazy.
But my thing is asking somebody like you who's done it forever, where do you even really go from here?
Because there's the people who you can never let them play and just
call it by the rule book and make every single call.
And then there's the other side of let them play and figure it out.
And the playoffs are different,
but what do you even do to,
to get those two sides together to figure out if there is a true reffing issue
in this league right now, how to, how to square it away.
Well, we hear about this every year at this time of year with, and,
and that's like, will it ever get, will it it ever change that's what i'm kind of getting at well i'm not looking to take
anybody's job and they wouldn't want me anyway but but take me out of the equation let's look
at a team concept montreal canadians decided that they needed a coaching change. So Claude Julien gets booted.
They bring in the new guy.
They have success.
If that new guy hadn't have been successful,
the next step probably was that the general manager was going to get fired.
He was on the bubble.
All of a sudden now, everything's great.
They're on a roll.
Lifetime contract.
There you go.
So look at the officiating.
It's a team.
It's a separate team within the league that's paid for by the ownership.
Well, do they succeed?
Are they successful?
Have they been successful?
Do they need better drafting, recruiting of officials?
They need better coaching?
I say yes, for sure.
Do they need more accountability? I i say yes for sure do they need more accountability i say yes
for sure but we have the same it just status quo status quo and a lot of senior officials have
been out of the game in recent years which i think creates issues in terms of younger guys
who aren't necessarily as experienced in the playoffs and figuring out as the pace gets higher
how do we call these games? But I,
it's not a job I envy because a lot of nights it's like,
I don't think it was as bad as they make it sound.
And then other nights you can't defend it.
Well, you know what,
the important thing too is that they're fast tracking officials and you're right. They haven't had served their time in the minor leagues.
When I started, I got to tell you, it was bedlam, bench clearings every
night. It was like, Oh my God, 25 minutes fights. And, and I was up till three o'clock writing
reports, uh, the bar closed before I could even get a drink. I had to bring it in. I had to import
it. And, uh, so those situations that happen with coaches on the ice, Don Perry fighting the coach,
the LA Kings, uh, and had some incident with Paul Mulvey
because he sent him out to fight and he refused.
And there was a big issue way back before you guys started in the league.
But he was on the ice one night with a suit on and street shoes fighting
with a bench clearing brawl.
I mean, go figure.
It was bedlam now those things were great preparation uh for for me to to get
to the highest level and you know i i tweeted out the other night when when the hockey game was
going on i got like 50 000 followers on twitter and i'm in the moment telling them things and
you know commenting on their questions about officiating, which is what fans want to know.
You said it earlier.
So I said, you know what?
I had to learn the hard way.
I had the little man syndrome chip on the shoulder.
I was two years out of playing junior A before I started refereeing with the NHL.
And I'm in the minor leagues.
And I had an attitude.
And I had to recognize I needed to do things differently from my own personal makeup. And this coach was really upset with me towards the end of the game. They were getting waxed at home.
All kinds of players were getting misconducts because they were blaming me and shooting their
mouth off. But I had the quick trigger. And finally, the coach came or sent his captain over
very politely, said, Mr. Referee, my coach wants to know if he can get
a penalty for thinking. I said, well, if he doesn't think out loud, he's probably going to be okay.
He said, in that case, he thinks you're an effing asshole. Well, I started to laugh because I found
the humor in it. And I looked over at the coach and his stern scowl standing up on the bench.
at the coach and his stern scowl standing up on the bench, he relaxed, he grinned, he laughed,
and it was a great message for me. Don't take yourself so friggin' serious.
The last round, Kerry, we saw Barry Trotz, he called out Patrice Bergeron for quote-unquote cheating at the face-off circle. Then the next game, Bergeron gets tossed in the circle, I think
it was three times in the first period. Now, no official is going to come out and say he's swayed by the media but does it happen perhaps on a
subconscious level because that was a pretty glaring example of it love Patrice Bergeron
what a great player great guy uh great relationship with him uh and he's he's so good at the face-offs
I mean yes and here's what happens during playoffs, a general manager and some of them are better than others at dictating terms to
the series supervisor, planting a seed and letting it grow.
It's like a mustard seed that goes for a big plant. And then that, that,
and they'll be pissing and moaning and complaining and screaming at the,
the series supervisor and show them video and say,
how can this guy do this? You guys are letting them do it. Then the supervisor goes into a
meeting and says, okay, guys, we got to clean up a little bit of this, a little bit of that.
Bergeron on the face-offs is getting away with a little too much. Boom. The message is sent,
it's delivered, it's planted. Not necessarily saying throw them out,
but the seed is now planted and guys are going to be stricter with that
message.
A couple of gifts, Nate,
maybe send a couple of girls over the room the night before to a hotel.
Hey, Kerry.
Lawrence Taylor.
Well, that would work for you. That would work for you, Biz.
Little bag.
Oh yeah.
Biz would have been like, I already ordered some.
Yeah. Yeah. He'll be kicked I already ordered some. Yeah, yeah.
He'll be kicked out of every draw.
Going back to when you started, I would imagine you went from being the sole referee then to going into two.
Do you think there's ever a possibility they go back to one?
And do you think at all that the two-referee system maybe caused a little bit of confusion even amongst the players?
confusion and even amongst the players?
I don't think you can go backwards given the speed of the game and the way that the, when we came back from that first lockout boys in 2005,
with the new NHL, the no hook, the no restraint, no tug. I mean,
it really made it tough for Witt on the back end, going into the wall,
you know, to retrieve a puck with,
with not being able to have a guy like you held up.
Cause I was, he was hearing footsteps, Kerry.
I took every hit to make plays, Kerry.
You know that.
That's it.
But with a guy like Biz running at you,
all you had to do was make one little jag,
and he's going to go face first into the boards anyway.
I had to point to a girl in the stands.
He's like, oh, shit.
Oh, fuck.
Lost my guy.
I was giving her my number through the camera hole.
I was missing on purpose.
That's what Petrie was trying to do.
He almost lost his fucking finger.
Well, you know what?
I was surprised instead of your number on the back,
you just didn't have your phone number or your room number.
Put your room number on there.
Oh, my God.
What a genius idea.
I could have legally had a change, Kerry.
We should have been talking before this.
Well, yeah.
The only time you'd talk to me is when you were sitting in the penalty box.
No, I'd be giving you guys Gatorade.
But go back to the one-two referee system thing.
We kind of cut you off.
Yeah, that's a really great question.
And there were growing pains for sure when we came in.
Think about the rookie on your team that all of a sudden comes in
and he hasn't got the experience.
He might have just been playing junior.
Those guys are studs.
They're superstars.
But they have to learn.
They've got to learn, you know, how to be a player, how to work, how to understand the nuances at that new level.
And it's no different with the officials that are coming in all of a sudden the guy comes to the american league he's got nothing under his belt in terms of experience or game
numbers but yet there's an attitude that he wants to be recognized and he wants to be accepted just
like that guy out there that's done over you know 1500 games games. So what happens is there was a competition sometimes created and things
happen in your area. Sometimes it's just the way the game works.
We've got a two system in play. This is your area on the puck.
I'm on the, I'm the back guy. So I'm away from the puck.
That's my focus. And when things happen, boom, up goes your arm.
You know, you can call penalties all over the ice, but you have a responsibility for a certain area.
Well, what would happen is if I put my arm up, there were times when the other guy that was 100 feet away put his arm up as well.
And it was kind of like a race to the penalty box to flip on the microphone and say, number so-and-so, two minutes for whatever. And it happened one night in Madison Square Garden. And God,
it was brutal, guys. I got to tell you, the first five penalties happened right in my wheelhouse.
Up would go my arm. The other guy far away, boom, up would go the arm. Now, when both referees have
their arms up to call a penalty, you're supposed to get together, confer to make sure you got the same infraction, right? Not this night. That guy
raced to the penalty box at Madison Square Garden, flipped on his microphone, made the big announcement,
and I'm scratching my head thinking, what the heck's going on here? The fifth penalty was away
from the play. He's leading the puck into the zone. He's on the puck carriers.
And I've got a water ski hold up at the blue line. Up goes my arm. It's off the play. I noticed this guy doesn't even see it. So in the course of the delayed penalty, 10 seconds elapsed. Now the other
guy puts his arm up and I'm standing with linesman Pat DiPuzo on the blue line. I said, Dapso, he's got his arm up. Do we have another penalty?
He said, I don't know. I didn't see anything. I said, me neither.
Well, the whistle blew. I blew the play dead to change of possession.
And for the first time out of five, this guy finally skated over to me and he said, what you got?
I said, what I got? What you got what you got what do you want yours he went ah
ah i said yeah ah ah you didn't see it don't ever put your arm up so now the period ends we go into
the dressing room and i said what the hell are you doing he said well i got a friend who's on an
off ice crew and uh they got a directive that said you're supposed to record which referee calls the penalties for the hockey ops people.
I said, are you shitting me?
I said, so I was 0 for 4 with penalties in my wheelhouse.
And you were 4 for 4 until all of a sudden you put your arm up on number 5 and you didn't know what the hell it was.
A weasel.
And you're trying to snake.
It's like Smitty with the tip pins, Biz.
I was going to say that's like Witt on the bench with the second assist
barking at the late official being like, hey, I got my stick on.
Hey, second assist.
You want to hear a good one?
Dino Cicerelli.
Great scorer, right?
So Dino all of a sudden is  he's on the bench when the goal scored.
And out he comes on the line when the goal scored and out,
he comes on the line change after I announced the goal. He said, Hey,
phrase, I got an assist on that. I said, you got an assist. I said,
you've either got the longest frigging stick or I'm going blind because you
were sitting on the bench when the frigging goal was scored. He said,
come on phrase. I'm in a slump. I need a point.
Oh fuck.
That was me every game.
That was me every warm-up.
Well, yeah, but then you couldn't check the tape,
and now they get them all right no matter what,
no matter who you put down.
It was a nightmare when that changed.
I got a question.
Scotty Melendy was playing in Atlanta, and it was the last game,
and he was trying to crack a milestone number,
and I begged for an assist for him i absolutely begged with the official score i said you this guy he definitely the
puck hit his hit his pants and and deflected you got to give him an assist here didn't get it
that's power didn't retire then he played some Hey, I wonder how many bonuses you gave out through 10-minute misconducts.
Did you ever get asked to, hey, dime me up?
Just one.
I had two guys thank me for giving them penalties.
One was Gretz in my first meeting with him in 1980 in the Northlands
when the Philadelphia Flyers' Bobby Clark was playing.
And the other one was big Jim McKenzie, gentleman fighter,
six foot three and a half.
Yeah.
He's got a wrench on him.
Those weren't his shoulders.
Did you get him for a high stick or what?
He wasn't fishing.
You can't skate with three skates on.
Tripod.
So Big Jim is playing for Hartford Whalers,
and it's his second season as a pro last game of the
regular season we're stepping off the ice nothing happened afternoon game we just get her over with
and it's you know time to move into the playoffs so all the coaches the players the stick boys
everybody goes off at the old cap center in the in the uh landover and big jim and i step off onto the rug the mat he looks down at me he said
carrie if i told you to fuck off would you give me a misconduct i said jim what are you talking
about i said the game's over regular season's over nobody's mad he said i got a bonus in my
contract for penalty minutes which wasn't actually true but i didn't find that out till later. And he said, Ricky Lee, the coach didn't play me one shift.
So I went, what'd you say?
And very quietly, like the gentleman he is, he said, fuck off.
I yelled at him, say it like you mean it.
He yelled, fuck off.
I said, you got 10.
He said, thank you.
And he walked to the dressing room.
Hey, so, so was he just trying to get on the game sheet for a game play?
No, he was.
Here's what actually happened.
He told me, like, years later, he said, I was like 199 pims that year.
And I was going in to renegotiate my new contract after two.
And he said, I wanted to get over 200 because he
said i never got any talking penalties i i just got mine five minutes for fighting five for fighting
so i was under 200 minutes and i thought to you know be a better negotiating tool i needed to be
over 200 so boom i helped them out i don't boy. I love that. Those are harmless, giving out the 10s.
Especially back in the day if you wouldn't get the game played either,
if a guy would sit on the bench the whole game.
Witt, I think you have a Pittsburgh Penguins story.
What do you mean?
What?
You still don't get a game played if you dress.
If you dress and don't play a shift, it's not a game played.
Correct, but if you were to go to the official and tell him to fuck off
and he gives you a 10, you get on the game sheet
and I think you get a game played.
That's why.
Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah.
That's why.
You got to go sit for 10 in the bin.
You got to skate onto the ice to get to the penalty box,
so you're probably right.
I got another question, though.
It goes back to this Vegas call of Montreal series,
and it was game three.
And can you clarify?
All right, so Perry gets a high stick,
a very kind of irresponsible play by Marcia Shost.
Swings his stick.
It hits Perry.
Looks like he got about 20 stitches in his nose.
Brutal.
Four guys, right?
And say neither ref saw it somehow.
Can a linesman, like, when can the linesman go to the ref
and say, you missed the penaltyman go to the ref and say,
you missed the penalty?
Like, call this.
Like, how does that work?
They can absolutely go to the referee.
They view the play.
They see the resulting injury of the situation.
And in that case, that's a four-minute penalty.
So the linesman can then go report it to the referee,
who would then impose the four minute penalty. Now, I'm not a great guy. And I know you had killer on just not too long ago in May with the high stick. So, but it's hard.
And in that situation, we had three guys and,
and there was a lot of confusion,
but in any event with four guys on the ice and this one happening on the
puck,
for four guys to miss that it's, it's,
it's kind of hard to accept by everybody.
I was going to ask is that,
was there ever periods of time where maybe like for
like a minute you just kind of be like into like into the abyss and then all of a sudden you'd be
like oh shit i'm in the midst of a game here would you ever zone out uh there were times when i had
to talk to myself you guys have had games when you step on the ice and you feel sluggish you feel
heavy you feel like you know you maybe had too many the night before you didn't get much sleep in your
case the night before, and you've got to pull yourself out of it.
Now you can hide on the bench or you can get benched when you're a referee
and especially when we were back in the one referee system,
you couldn't hide you and you couldn't wait to the end of the game and say,
you know what? I really sucked today. You had to know in the moment.
So there were times when I would talk to myself for sure for sure Al Arbor called me over one time in Chicago in the old stadium and they had
that team that won four cups they were the most disciplined group of guys I ever saw and they were
amazing and it came from the guy behind the bench when Al Arbor talked I listened because he never
said anything unless I screwed up and this particular afternoon
game I wasn't there I wasn't awake and in the stadium I had them three men short right off the
bat in the first five minutes of the first period Al Arbor had enough of me he's standing I'm waiting
for the face off at the other end Al opens the bench door he's got his hands on his hips he
yells at me Kerry get over here i skated over
with my head down i know i'm sucking right and i i look up at him i said yeah he said what the hell
are you doing out there i said i don't know well i'm really struggling today he said well get out
there and try harder i said okay i'll skate it to my position. It was a wake-up call message from my dad.
You got fucking pee-pee whacked by Al Arbor on the bench.
What a legend.
We've been talking about him quite a bit lately.
I fucking spelled his name wrong on Twitter, and someone's going after me.
Oh, he's going to come and find you.
At least he didn't pee-pee whack me like you.
But it woke me up.
Would you make the  I really liked  I think it was during the World
Championship or might have
even been olympics when they had the refs have the cam on the helmet because i felt that it at least
gave the the fan a perspective what of what he was saying and maybe why he didn't call it was is that
something that you think that maybe the nhl should inherit full-time yeah i do i i think it'd be a
great teaching tool too they they tried to weave one into my hair one time, but it wouldn't stick. But it's a great idea. And you know what? If the ref says, I learned watching Wayne Gretzky in the early 80s, his vision of the ice.
Sid the Kid, great vision, amazing vision of the ice. The great players have it. Mario had it for sure. And so as a referee, if you're a puck watcher, you're going to miss so much. And in
watching these great guys, I learned and figured out that one of Gretzky's attributes was that he
took little vision checks very quickly, like a camera, freeze frame, freeze frame,
freeze frame. And he knew where everybody was on the ice. Now he knew their direction, their speed,
and he knew where they were going to be in three, four clicks of the camera frame.
And the reason that Corey Perry chopped to the face wasn't seen is because there was a tunnel
vision down the wall and instead of
opening it up broad when that puck popped up into the air there had to be a wide perspective because
you had five players in that area and the swing of a stick you gotta see that happening right
eight eyeballs eight eyeballs that's what i'm saying now i hear rumblings too and i don't
really know how it would work.
But you hear people mention of getting a ref up top, right? Eye in the sky.
And he's able to, you know, radio down, call this, call that. Like, could something like that work or is it just it's not quick enough because you're not down there at ice level?
Well, that's one of the problems that I see with younger officials that have that have decided that they don't want to,
they don't want to make the call and they're going to turn it over to the
eye in the sky, which is the,
the group in Toronto and they're going to make the final decision.
It would be an easy call to make with that, that stick infraction,
for example,
or if you were going to call a major for boarding from behind,
because those plays are now reviewed under the rules because there's been some mess ups before where a guy got hit with his own
player's stick and ended up getting a four and it cracked the game open,
especially in the playoffs.
So those,
those calls can be reviewed and they can be rescinded.
And we've already seen it this year in the playoffs where a four minute
penalty was taken away.
The guy leaves the penalty.
One of the things I want to ask before we let you go was at the beginning of the season a tough situation ended up happening with Tim Peel
his mic was turned on and I know he's got tons of respect I'm sure you know him very well
what was your whole breakdown of that whole situation well first of all I understand why
the league had to take measures because the the optics of it were horrific.
And I, Teal's, he's a friend of mine.
He's a great guy.
He's an East coaster.
He's a little bit bloviating.
You know, he's got a personality and he's fun.
He's fun to hang around with.
Just like you, you guys have a similar kind of demographic
and lighthearted and say things that just pop.
You know, you don't think about it.
It comes out and blah.
Now it's out.
But in this particular case,
it was sad to see a guy end a lengthy career like that.
I think it could have been handled better.
But from Pillsy's end, I said to him,
what the F were you thinking, man?
Like go on and tell him the bitch, I'm going to get you.
I'm going to get you.
And then he does it and he says, ah, it wasn't much.
Like you don't do that.
There are times in a game, and we've all done it,
where you feel the need for a penalty to be called.
You can't make one up.
You can't invent it.
But man, if it happens, it's a gift from God.
And you've got to put your arm up.
And that's where young guys today are missing a little bit of the boat in the feel for the game from a player's perspective, the emotional element of the game.
And you got to let people be people like you have a personality.
We'd had a different personality. Every player on that ice has a certain personality.
We'd had a different personality.
Every player on that ice has a certain personality.
And I've got to figure out as the arbitrator, as the ref,
what I can do to make it work.
Now, Sean Avery, for example, when he did the stick thing in front of Marty,
Marty in the playoffs, I have the next game at Madison Square Garden.
Now he had some shit that he went through that year with the league,
suspended him for some stupid comments that Avery had made relative to Dion Phineas girlfriend and whatever. So now we're in the next game. And he came to me with like freaking blood
drained from his face. He's got a white look on him. His eyes are like glassy. He said,
Garrett, I'm going to be a good boy today. I promise I'm not going to cause you any problem. And he's all upset and excited. I went, Sean, I said, this is the Stanley Cup
playoffs, man. You can be very effective when you play your game. However, if you cross the line,
you know what my line is, and I'm going to put you over in that box. So just play your game, man.
He went, wow, thank you you so much i thought you guys were
going to jam me tonight i'm just going back quickly to tim peel like is there anything that
you think they can do for him in order to set him off appropriately or or do you think it's a
situation where it's just you know they already put him out to pasture biz he's yeah yeah done
wick's right and make sure that he gets his severance because that's huge.
That's huge.
Is there anything that maybe the referee union or the referee crew can do for him in order to kind of send him off nicely?
You've got to have big elephant balls if you're going to step in front
of that train.
So they're going to maybe send him a bottle of wine or something,
but I don't see anybody.
It's gone.
Witt's right.
That train has left the station. What ref still employed by the leagues all of a sudden gonna
make a scene about him bez it's like you know what i mean they're like no dude sorry that it wasn't
me screwed up too it's not like i mean i'm gonna storm the league offices hey timmy what they
carry an animal skin in an argument for the let the the call it by the book side i'll say
this yeah they have figured out a way where if the stick is horse uh parallel to the ice and you get
the hands or you knock the stick out of an opposing player's hands or break the stick penalty
it's what the issues right now for me is kind of the hits along the boards and there's so many
different hits from behind now,
whether it's a cross check or a push.
And that's what they can't figure out.
Like they figured out the stick work.
They call that pretty legit now.
It's the hits from behind that you never know which way it's going to go.
So I don't know how they really approach that certain hit.
Well, you're absolutely right, Witt.
And I'll tell you, coming up in a very aggressive era of the game, I had to differentiate very quickly and learn what the difference was that you guys have had when you instinctively just automatically know,
I got to go here, I got to go there, or he's coming, I got to give him a little bit of freeway room.
That's the same for a referee.
And like Knuckles Nyland, Knucks and I are buddies now, but he absolutely hated my guts, big time.
And he was a 300 penalty minute a year guy. And I had a game
in Boston in the 90s, just before the playoffs. And I watched John D'Amico, legendary linesman,
Hall of Fame guy, told me as a rookie, he said, Kerry, make sure you know, everybody that's on
the ice, you make sure you know, if they change a rotation from one line to
another. You have to know that. So certain personnel come on the ice, I'm aware. Just like
you guys should have been aware of guys like Scott Stevens that could, when he's on the ice,
you better not cut through the middle with your head down, Eric, or you're going to get clobbered.
So in this particular
game in Boston, Nux is on a line match with Rick Nifty Middleton. And I go, that's a, that's a
really a bad match. Nifty didn't get two penalty minutes a year. If he tried, they're going to the
net, they crashed together. They fall down one referee, me other side of the ice. And the puck
starts to go out into the neutral zone.
And I look over at Knox from the other side as I'm starting to move,
and I see that he's got piss in his eyes.
He's mad.
He's going to do something stupid.
So I did the head fake.
I turned like I'm skating up the other way to follow the play.
I snapped my head back right as he butt-ended Middleton
in the mouth,
knocked his front teeth out. Now we have to go to a hearing. I get called that night,
Brian O'Neill, disciplined guy, vice president of discipline, says, we're going to have a hearing like tomorrow. You got to come in. So I go to Montreal. Serge Savard's the general manager.
Gentlemen, I walk in the boardroom. He shakes my hand.
Gentlemen, Knox is staring daggers at me.
He wants to kill me.
It's like cold as ice.
So Brian O'Neill read my report.
He said to Chris, Chris, do you have anything to say for yourself?
Boston guy, right?
He says, yeah, Mr. O'Neill.
I got something to say for myself.
He says, referee Fraser here, he calls more penalties on me than any
other ref in the league. He's always watching.
He's always picking on me. And just
to prove my point, if he had been
watching what he should have been watching,
which was the play go the other way, he wouldn't
have seen me butt in Middleton in the mouth.
Boom.
Convicted. It was your fault.
You got eight games,
boys. Eight games back then
which is 30 back
nowadays that's life
that's life in prison for sure
we just had him on recently and he said
we brought that up the button he goes I didn't
actually button him I caught him with my glove and it
knocked his bridge out it wasn't his teeth
so just for the record
that's why they call them knuckles
I'm doing a charity event with uh the boston brun alumni and i meet them in toronto when we go to
kingston and we work our way back for special olympics do a game every night and i would so
i'm on the bus and knucks is sitting in the front seat and this is years after and i had retired for
two after 2012 and he got this dinger in the 90s.
So I get on the bus.
Sure enough, he's giving me the stink eye as I walk.
Chris.
So I sit in the middle of the bus.
I got Nifty Middleton sitting across from me.
I got Kenny the Rat Linsman on the other edge.
And all of a sudden, we start telling stories back and forth and the bus
shrinks, backs come into the middle.
Now all of a sudden the front comes and Nux is the last man in.
And I see him within earshot and I go, Hey, Nifty,
remember the time Nux butt ended your teeth out?
Now Nux goes, you fucking asshole. That was my glove.
Now I just sit there.
Middleton says, bullshit, you gave me the stick right in the mouth.
He took his false teeth out.
He said, I just had to sit there and listen.
Just stirring the pot.
That's too good.
It's unbelievable.
First of all, thanks for sharing all these stories. And last thing I was going to ask you was,
what did you make of the Leafs collapse?
Brutal. Brutal.
If heads don't roll there, something's wrong, right?
I thought they made some really good trades at the end.
It was sad that their captain got cocoa-bonged and hurt.
Hope he's okay.
But there's some really strange stuff that even my wife noticed with 10
minutes left in that final game.
She said,
that team's done.
Kathy's been around hockey,
you know,
all with me.
She has a real good instinct.
She said,
look at them,
look at them sitting on the bench.
They had nothing.
There's no energy.
There's no,
there's no desperation.
You actually mentioned Avery.
We got him coming on as well on this podcast.
Anything we should ask Avery for you?
Anything you want us to tell him?
Yeah, tell him that he's got to clean up his act on the cameos.
Oh, yeah.
I heard his cameo game is off off the charts oh my god yeah yeah
he's a beauty um i actually uh have a pair of his hockey gloves that i did a new york ranger uh
youth camp and there were uh there were a pair of hockey gloves they gave me i don't think they'd
ever had then had his hands in them so so I don't have to exercise them.
All right. Well, thanks so much
for joining, Kerry. It's interesting to get
your point of view and appreciate it.
Hey, listen, you guys are awesome.
Love your show. Keep up the good work.
I'm going to get you a custom cameo
from Sean Avery. It'll be getting
to you. It'll get to you in Aruba when
you're sitting in your beach
chair underneath your palm tree.
Lazy river, baby. I'm floating.
All right. Thanks again, Kerry.
Thanks, Kerry. Enjoy the rest of the playoffs.
You too. Be well. Well do.
Big thanks to
Kerry Fraser for joining us. Kind of last minute.
Biz knows him pretty well. Gave him a little
text to John Thomas. It's wild,
man. It was funny talking to him before I hit him.
I'm usually swe like swearing before
I say his name because that's how everybody embossed
the moment fucking Kerry Fraser and we
talked about that how the referees used to have
the name on the back and that's
probably a large reason why they got rid of him because
guys call him out nowadays you have the internet
so you can just look him up pretty I mean what better
guy to break down a
high stick and an important game with a
Canadian playoff team's hopes on the line so big thank you to Kerry down a high stick and an important game with a canadian playoff team's hopes on the
line so big thank you to carry for for bringing the noise and uh great insight there's that's a
big topic right now in the league everybody's bitching about officiating even uh even brian
boucher who's a pretty reserved guy he took to twitter and he said enough's enough quit the
fucking bitching so it's the game's fast and it gets to a different level and then there's a mental component so let's hope they figure it out maybe spend a little bit more
money on resources and get these guys together gary betman instead of making 15 fucking sheets
a year for well they they but that's what i was kind of saying like i don't i don't really know
what will ever end up happening with this like we watch nfl games the refs aren't good like every
league people say the refs think
like i think that's just what it is and how it'll always be and people say that's unacceptable it's
like i don't know man like these guys you think these guys can skate with nhlers that's one thing
maybe get a bunch of fucking speed skaters and throw some hockey skates on them and teach them
how to ref because half the time they're behind the play there's four of them but you still can't keep up with this pace you don't want to rely they got to go ai i think
on this one okay i like that straight robot you don't want to rely on the ref priest to protect
you especially when simply safe is available because when simply safe home securities
founders chad and eleanor lawrence designed their first security system in their kitchen
they did it for very personal reasons their friends had just had their home broken into,
and they were struggling to find a security system that was simple to set up that would
make them feel safe again. Making people safe is what SimpliSafe has been doing ever since that
moment 15 years ago. My favorite part is how SimpliSafe just makes it so easy. It takes about
two minutes to customize the system
on their website, simplisafe.com slash chicklets.
And then when it arrives,
it's so easy to hook up that I can do it.
And I haven't had a toolbox
since my Fisher price set about 40 years ago.
SimpliSafe has highly trained security experts
ready whenever you need them,
whether that's during a fire, a burglary,
a medical emergency,
or even just when you're setting your system up.
There's always someone there who has your back to keep you safe.
And make sure that you feel safe as well.
And to learn more about how SimpliSafe can help protect you and your family,
visit simplisafe.com slash checklists today to customize your system and get a free security camera.
You also get a 60-day risk-free trial, so there's absolutely nothing to lose.
One more time, that's simplisafe.com slash checklets.
Check them out.
Keep your homestead and your family safe.
All right, gang, moving right along.
We do want to let you know that we are recording right now
before Game 5 of Tampa and the Islanders, which is being played Monday night,
but we're going to jump on after the game to give you our fresh take.
But in the meantime, we are going to discuss what has gone down in the series thus far.
Game four was an absolute doozy.
The Islanders got a three-nothing lead after goals from Bailey, Bazal, and Martin.
Looked like they were in the catbird seat, but this Tampa Bay team, you cannot sit on them.
They got a couple goals late, and this thing went down to the literal wire.
I've never seen it before.
All the playoff
games i've watched my whole life biz wit ryan mcdonough comes down spinorama defenseman he
beats the goaltender who comes over pollock pollock or pollock stops it with his glove i've
never seen a defenseman make a save on a defenseman making a spinorama at the wire and the funny part
was instead of everybody surrounding the goaltender, they all surrounded Pollock and gave him the pats on the head
instead of a long off.
Just an unreal finish.
And the best part, tie the series whether you like this team or that team.
Everybody wants these things to go as far as they can.
Now we have a best of three.
Tampa Islanders, what you got?
As a lifelong Islanders fan, I mean, the only better ending I can ever imagine
is Bobby Nystrom's Stanley Cup overtime goal.
That had to be the second best ending
in the history of the New York Islanders franchise.
Now, obviously, I don't remember some of the things
before I was around cheering on the boys,
but first of all, the entire play,
the pass by Kucherov was nuts what a play to get
it over to him and then McDonough who's definitely a skilled player but not somebody you'd ever
expect to pull off this ridiculous toe drag spinorama knowing there's three seconds left
like to know that you had enough time to even try that then not only to get it and successfully pull the
move off he got so much pace on that backhand it was kind of a rocket like it was on the ice yes
but it was hard and and it's like it was all happening in slow motion as you're watching it
oh my god he saves it i went nuts are you shitting me are you shitting me? Are you shitting me? What a play.
I'm going bananas.
I'm upset because obviously the Islanders win,
but I'm also just so amazed at one of the greatest endings to a hockey game
you'll ever see in your life.
You know how I would describe it is the Kawhi Leonard moment
because it wasn't to win the title,
but it was just that moment and afterward when all the guys were
standing there watching the jumbotron about it what just transpired because they couldn't even
believe their own fucking eyes so there was an amazing picture that came out from the crowd where
the whole crowd and the players are just staring up at the board after they'd uh congratulated
polak now where the fuck was varlamov going? He must have completely timed that wrong
where he thought there was less time.
But there was what, like three seconds left?
And he was out to like the dot.
He was past the hash marks.
So he's probably like, oh shit.
Oh shit, oh shit, oh shit.
Oh my God, no.
And just the fact that he was there
at the goal line to meet the puck,
it was incredible.
Now, one other pretty cool moment is like,
you know, I got a soft spot for the fourth liners.
And that fourth line for the Islanders was massive in that game
because they helped score the goal
to put them up 3-0.
And then, of course, it's Martin.
And you look at the way the series is going,
I think that him and Maroon in this battle
has transpired into one of the storylines.
Maroon tries to catch him at the
end of the period in the first marty fucking stands him up i think collectively the fourth
line had what nine hits clutterbuck had two assists martin gets the game winner and for then
the game to end like that i think this is one of these games where you know when martin matt martin's
50 years old and he's walking down the street someone's gonna be like i remember that fucking
game game winner game winner yeah and that member the it's just like it's it was it was a legacy game and
and often those fourth fourth lines don't really get to get the glory but i felt that it was in
fitting fashion that the fourth line for the islanders and and i'm not rubbing this in either
with this is not why i'm not it's not like a a situation where i'm trying to bring up the depth again it's straight up facts that they came up as i told you after you said it i was
talking the overall team you're you're you're now changing it to where you just said the fourth line
you said the entire team's depth was better so i'll i'll be a man admit the islanders fourth
line has outplayed tampa bay's fourth line They've been great. I was talking team depth.
That includes defensemen as well, but your point remains.
One of the all-time performances by a fourth line.
They're like the Bruins fourth line in 2011, the Merlot line.
They just, they play 10 minutes. They get a lot done.
They control the puck the entire time and their big body.
So clutter buck is a lot better than i thought he was
i mean i know like offensively right he he doesn't score a ton but like he runs people over and he
still can skate martin's just such a big body and way more skilled than people think so i i think
that this islanders team as i've said all along has alligator alligator blood. They won't go away. They're a really good hockey team.
They're not the most exciting team to watch, but they win games.
And what do I say in the end?
But they won't win the Stanley Cup.
So I'm still sticking with that.
I'm still sticking with what I've always said
and the respect factor I have for that fan base.
Such good scumbags and such people that will really listen to you
but also be a rat and do something to you behind your back scumbag people.
But I respect them and I respect the team,
but I just don't think they'll win the cup, but I love the series so far.
I forgot to mention the icing on the cake for the fourth line to clutter.
Buck draws that penalty from Hedman.
And it's not often we see Hedman show the type of emotion after that call.
Now I thought snapshot, I thought he lost it.
He went full-blown putter toss.
I thought he swung his stick.
He's a pretty big guy, and he's pretty strong, right?
Clutterbuck moves the puck away.
He misses the puck, and he ends up catching him on the toe.
And you can clearly see that when the stick hits the toe, it causes his skate to hit a rut, and he ends up catching him on the toe and you can clearly so clearly see that when the stick hits the toe it causes his skate to hit a rut and he goes down now it's an accidental trip
but you still gotta call it no i thought it looked like he could be tripping a little bit
before the stick hit him no so you well he definitely wanted to dive then oh no no no
no i don't consider it a dive but i don't know if his stick was what tripped him.
Really?
Okay, because I, well, then it was just perfect timing.
It was in his, like, shin pad, dude.
You think it, no, I think he hit him right on the toe, R.A.
Am I wrong here?
Got him in the toe first?
I mean, check the replay again.
I thought it was the right call, and I just figured I'd bring that up.
Now, one thing that we, going back to game three,
Trotz losing his goddamn mind of the too many guys on the ice.
I think there was, what, seven Tampa Bay guys?
I think that was game two, wasn't it?
Sorry.
Oh, was it game two?
Maybe we hadn't talked about that yet.
Well, no, yeah, because going back, game three was, well,
for lack of a better term, more of a run of a mill game.
Tampa won 2-1.
Kind of controversial three.
What's his name?
Braden Point scored the game winner in the second period.
Third period was kind of uneventful.
By the way, Braden Point, first Tampa Bay Lightning to score a goal
in six straight playoff games.
He's been absolutely getting it done.
But, yeah, there's game two.
We had two actually very controversial things going on.
Braden Point was called for a goaltender interference
after he was shoved into Valamoff.
They ended up getting the power play scoring on that.
But then the refs did themselves.
I don't know if they did it on purpose,
but they failed to call Tampa Bay for too many men in the ice when they scored.
So basically two bad calls offset each other.
So it all came out in the wash.
Tampa Bay ended up winning four to two in game two. But yeah, there were two like horrifically bad calls offset each other. So it all came out in the wash. Tampa Bay ended up winning four to two in game two.
But yeah, there were two like horrifically bad calls,
but they benefited each team equally.
So at the end of the day,
you couldn't really say a team got screwed.
Can I talk about a tweet I sent out?
Now here's the thing.
I got to guess at least half of the people listening right now don't even
have twitter maybe maybe less maybe more but it ain't the entire audience we have on twitter
i sent a tweet out in that game talking about if i'm barry trotz i would have refused the power
play you know what i'm talking about guys oh yeah. And I said he knows deep down that goal shouldn't
count. Character
is what you do when no one is watching.
You guys, if you're not
on Twitter, just know
I had hundreds,
hundreds of responses
thinking I was serious. How
the fuck do you think
I'm serious? Character is what you do when no one is watching.
There's 20,000 people at the game
and 3 million people watching on TV.
This is my favorite response.
Two in a row.
Hey, it's a business, man,
and it's the hardest trophy on earth to win.
You take that penalty,
and you admit it was soft over the offseason.
It's not like he was paying the stripes off.
He's a good coach.
I'm still pissed off the Caps didn't pony up the cash to keep him.
This guy.
Actually, this is integrity, not character.
Character is how you act when you get caught or not.
Integrity is how you act when no one is watching.
Character is how you present yourself to people.
I mean, I don present yourself to people. I mean,
I don't know,
dude,
it's just so amazing being able to fuck around with people online that have no clue that you're messing with them.
Because for me to bring up what character means when an NHL Stanley cup
semifinals going on,
you're the dumbest person in the world.
Not to mention you say when no one's watching,
when the whole fucking hockey world is watching the 17,000 people in the arena.
And I got people thinking that I'm serious,
that Barry Trot should turn down a penalty.
Oh, fuck.
Biz, I just said point first Tampa Bay Lightning scored six straight.
He actually was the first to score in seven straight as well.
The second longest goal scoring streak ever in the playoffs.
Reggie Leach scored in 10 straight games back in
1976. He actually
won the Conn Smythe on a losing team back
then. So we're going to see if he keeps it
going tonight. Game five again. We'll be getting back
to you later with that one, bud. All right. What two
goalies have won the Conn Smythe in losing
efforts? J.S.
Jagir for the 0-3
Ducks and
Ron Hextall 87ucks and Ron Hextall
87 flies. Ronnie Hextall.
Thank you. Suck on that.
What else?
What else we got, boys? Any other notes?
All right. You're so good at trivia.
We got to get you on Jeopardy, pal.
Is he, though? Is he?
He used to win fucking subs
at his old.
He was crushing Jeopardy.
But when we went on trivia this year, he didn't exactly light it up.
I mean, I had you two for my wingman.
Fair.
And in the moments he didn't execute when we needed him,
I could tell how let down he was by it. I was.
You wore it on your sleeve.
I didn't.
But at the same time, I don't think I left anything on the board.
I mean, the questions we missed, even if we got them,
we still would have lost.
That team waxed us good.
True.
And I will say, man, like, I love Jeff.
Some of those questions are hard.
Like, if you don't follow baseball for those certain years
that he asked those questions, or college football, or college basketball,
you're clueless.
Like, you're just not going to get them.
I mean, if he was asking 70s and 80s baseball questions,
I would have been mint.
I got to ask you guys this.
Have you ever had your name chanted?
Well, I guess, R.A., you're kind of out of the question.
No offense.
Whit, has your name ever been chanted in an NHL building?
No, college it was, though.
College it was.
No way.
R.A., actually, have you?
Have you?
I scored a hat trick against Yale.
Hurricane O'Reilly's my first.
Trust me, that was way cooler than when I had it at BU
because it was during break, so there was about 300 people in the stands,
and it was 30 students chanting my name because me and Kevin Schaefer
and other defensemen, two defensemen with a hat trick in one game.
But I kind of like business.
I've always hated the Ole chant because it's like the Canadian chant,
but they turned it into Array, Array, Array, Array.
So I've come to appreciate that chant.
Well, they were chanting Pajos last game.
They had a nice little tune going for them.
And I'll tell you what, the crowd in game three on Long Island
was probably the quietest I've seen at all playoffs.
Oh, shots fired.
No, no, no.
What do you mean?
Oh, you don't think exhaustion comes into play for fans?
They've been fucking carrying this team.
Exhaustion, dude.
You think there's time as a fan to be exhausted in a run to the cup?
You've been around the fucking Arizona Coyotes for way too long
to think that diehard hockey fans are tired
in the middle of a Stanley Cup semifinal game.
Well, they look fucking tired.
The last season at the Coliseum, you're calling out the fans for being tired and saying it's
three game three.
I was being fair about it in game four.
I was going to praise him for their effort, and they brought it home perfectly.
And even through the fact in the third period, they almost caught the goddamn thing up.
So, yes, I thought they were a little fatigued in the third period of game three
but they brought the fucking noise in game four and it's an islanders legacy game let's wrap it
the fuck up absolutely christ like i said we will be back to talk about game five a little bit later
but uh in a second we're gonna bring on sean avery as well he's a character i think this is his fourth
time on the show he's gonna we gotta keep of this, like Saturday Night Live, G,
who's been on the most, get T-shirts and blazers and whatnot
for people who've been on the most.
But in the meantime, I know we have a word from Witt.
Yep, that's right, RA.
I'm here to talk about TaylorMade.
You've heard us talk all about them.
You've seen us compete with them.
You've seen us watch some of the best in the world play with TaylorMade.
And the Sim family is in stores available now everywhere.
We even launched our brand new Barstool TaylorMade webpage.
So you got to visit BarstoolSports.com slash TaylorMade
to check out TaylorMade and Barstool Golf,
along with Spittin' Chicklets Golf Gear.
What is some of the best clubs in the game without a great golf ball, though?
That's the question that people ask. And the tour response is for those people who've always wondered what
those high price tour balls are, and you're afraid to pull the trigger on the cost. Well,
these new response are for you and you can get them branded with the barstool or chicklets logo
at the barstool store. What are you waiting for? Get yourself fit for a new Sim family of clubs and get out there right now.
Barstoolsports.com slash TaylorMade best in the business.
Please go check it out and do it now. What else we got?
I did notice during the Islanders Tampa game though,
like only coaching tip I noticed is when Tampa is playing at their best,
they're activating that net front defenseman.
Cause right now the Islanders four check so good.
And when teams want to play with the puck, the only way you're going to break out clean most of the
time is if you activate the net front guy and when they were having success success especially in
game three mcdonough was doing it quite a bit so something to maybe look out for i know we're
jumping on later so we'll see and you wonder um i know Savard wasn't there last year
as a member of the Lightning in their run to the Cup,
but they did have Shaddy, dude.
Shattenkirk played nice in the playoffs.
That's kind of a guy right now that Savard's great defensively
and a solid player, but I don't know if he can necessarily move the puck
as well as Shaddy does, getting out of the zone.
So that's a guy that I think that they miss right now a little
bit compared to their team last year.
That's fair.
Good point.
Good point.
But boys,
it's time to bring on Sean Avery without further ado.
Here is Aves.
All right,
everybody.
Well,
this nut is making,
I believe his fourth appearance on the show.
The former Ranger King Red Wing in Dallas Stock can be found on Instagram these days,
giving his takes, and also on the big stream doing that Thespian thing.
It's a pleasure to welcome back our friend and yours, Sean Avery. How's it going, Aves?
Good, gentlemen. How are you doing?
We're doing good, buddy. Where are you laying your head these days?
Did you go west of Cali or what?
I, uh, yeah, I or what i uh yeah i moved to
uh i moved back to la where it all started i mean i guess i could say it started in detroit but no
yeah back to la um i like to chase the democrats i like to go wherever it's uh
wherever it's democrat heavy that's where i like to lay my head. I mean,
you've been pretty vocal about the way that not only some of the States have
been handling it,
but also Canada in relation to the last,
what,
18 months.
And you're not shy to really hold back.
Are you?
I mean,
fuck me,
Canada,
COVID COVID's a wrap.
COVID's over.
I mean,
or do we get canceled for that?
Fuck that. Yeah. You fuck that now you'd say
you'd say whatever you want on this show we're not it's not over in ontario though i ain't gonna
cancel your age your home province they could barely play golf you know what's you know what's
amazing okay so i've been getting my we had kovid in we moved to la in December. I think we got it on the plane. Right.
My three month old at the time got it. My wife, I got it. OK.
I didn't even really know we had it. The baby had a fever for 24 hours. He kicked it.
He's durable. He's pliable. Babies are good. So three months later, my doctor, I got a new doctor in California. He says, why don't you get an antibodies test?
And I was like, yeah, okay.
At this point, we didn't even know we had had COVID yet.
So I get an antibodies test and the test comes back and my antibodies are like 10.8.
They're through the roof.
They're high.
So that means I just had it, right?
I've gotten my antibodies tested every two weeks since then.
My antibodies are going up every two, after I'm getting more.
So this is what happens.
Okay.
And this is what they're not telling you.
Now they're finally telling you this.
You don't need, if you had COVID, you have natural immunity.
So why would I go and get a vaccine?
The whole thing's fucking criminal.
It's criminal.
In order to keep yourself on the healthier side, though, like on Instagram, I feel that I see you running all the time.
You become a big runner.
Yeah, that started with the quarantine.
I mean, we always we ran.
I trained with Chris Draper when I was when I was playing
and running was always a big part of it but once the quarantine started yeah I found like a new
life like it's it's like life-changing um and I think uh man during the quarantine while we were
in New York till December I think I ran on an average eight miles a day. And now I'm still doing,
and now I'm back in the gym a little bit,
but yeah, I'm four to five miles a day every day,
for sure, seven days a week.
Does it help with your mental clarity
when you're getting it out of the way in the morning?
Absolutely.
Like if I don't run in the morning,
I don't even know what would happen.
I mean, I always run in the morning.
Unless I'm working, I have to run in the morning.
And, yeah, it's a game changer, you know?
Aves, I want to say first off, this past weekend,
your first celebration as a father on Father's Day, I believe.
So congrats to that.
Congrats on being a dad.
Your son's very cute.
I see him on your Instagrams.
The second question I have is,
can you explain to me this story
of you almost murdering this guy in the car?
So, first of all, thank you for the Father's Day.
How many do you have, Whit?
I got two now.
Wow.
I know, I know, dude.
I don't know how anyone has more than one i mean
it's just like i thought one was hard yeah now i'm like jesus christ one was a walk in the park
compared to two but i i digress yes so uh i moved into the neighborhood um tight streets right i'm
in laurel canyon which is one of the canyons in like the hollywood area
and uh people drive like fucking lunatics now obviously new york i had a penchant for
policing the streets just in a different manner so when i get here people are driving like
fucking just out of control drivers right so i have and this was early on when everyone's still
wearing a mask outside when clearly you never had to wear a mask outside but obviously they're
still doing it and they would they would give me looks and say things to me right uh so this
fucking guy lives right behind me okay and uh the first time that he that he he blew by me he kind of clipped
me like it was like a did he just clip me or was that the wind from his car so i let it go all
right second time he does it later on i think the week later he clips me this time he fucking clips me and i know that he clips me so i do a little
double back down the road um and i walked up to him and you know some would say that i opened
the car door i think he opened the car door for me i'm not really sure what happened
and uh then it just proceeded to yeah i played a little game with him i went and
sat in front of his car and then uh i resumed on my on my route and his fucking wind his side mirror
hit my my elbow right and i got pretty good elbows i got elbow back in the day. And I guess his mirror just fell off his car, you know,
and it was a lemon. Yeah. It was a Prius.
So he, he went to TMZ,
the whole dance with TMZ and like TMZ called me.
I know everybody at TMZ.
Like I've spoken to TMZ so many times over the years. My buddy calls me. He's like, listen,
we just got this video. Is this you? I was like, yeah, it's me. Of course it's me. I mean,
who else is it? So I see that guy every day. Now when he drives by me, he has a megaphone in his
car and he yells out the window, help, help. As he's driving by me me every single time i see him he rolls his window down and he
yells help in a fucking megaphone in our neighborhood i mean it's so you got a battle
going you got a battle going on here like grumpy old man with your fucking neighbor
the neighbor's an interesting situation i've basically said truce because hillary said i
can't do it anymore i mean mean, I would take it.
Somebody just told me a story about Stallone.
I got a new buddy, Sly Stallone.
We work out together.
Anyways, Sly Stallone lives in this interesting neighborhood called Beverly Park.
It's a very famous neighborhood.
And Vince Scully lived below
him. So apparently this is a story that I've heard. I don't know if it's 100 true, but I feel
like it is. Apparently Sly was having a party back in the day and Vince Scully called the cops. And
then he called up to the house and started to like give it to Sly. So Sly went outside with his bow and
arrow from Rambo and shot an arrow up into the air and it landed on Vince Scully's roof. The arrow
went through and for Vince Scully didn't realize that there was an arrow in his roof till two years
later when he found out he had mold in his ceiling of his house.
That's where I wanted to take it with this guy.
But I've said to Hillary, we're not going to go there.
Does she run your show a little bit?
Yeah, of course.
Happy wife, happy life.
What's the point?
Exactly.
Well, we know that you miss policing the Manhattan bike lanes,
but if you're still itching for a scrap,
it looks like you have a willing participant, Matthew Bonneby,
your fellow NHL retiree, called you out for a rough and rowdy.
What the fuck was that all about?
Kind of came out of nowhere.
Very interesting.
I mean, he went to great lengths with his TikTok video.
And first of all, why would he pick Ruff and Rowdy?
Like, it seems like there's more money in this Triller stuff.
Is there not?
Nothing against Ruff and Rowdy.
I love Ruff and Rowdy.
But why pick Ruff and Rowdy?
You're going to make more money at Triller.
Outside of that, Matthew Barnaby looks like a bloated sponge okay he doesn't have the cardio
he wouldn't be able to make it to the fourth round i once i got to the fourth round it would just be
it would be child's play he bouncing him around like you know uh so no i'm not going to take the
fight but i did say if he wants to come to to California, I'll fight him in my driveway and we can live stream it on Instagram.
I got no problem with that.
Would you take a piece out of one of these Paul brothers
or would you ever consider lining up your own boxing event
in order to make some money in post-retirement?
I feel like you don't really need it at this point.
It'd probably take a lot to even get you to consider it.
I don't think, yeah, I don't think I would do it.
I don't think I would do it.
You know, cause like, I'm not sure it's boxing.
I think it's entertainment, right?
I don't think it's boxing.
So, but again, I would street fight one of them.
I'm more of the street fight.
I like the street fight.
It's a little bit, I can have more movement.
I'm just better suited for the street fight. I like the street fight. It's a little bit, I can have more movement. I'm just better suited for a street fight.
Is there animosity with you two?
Historically animosity or it's just kind of like, yeah,
good name to pull out there?
I've never met him.
You never fought him when you guys played or anything?
No?
I can't even remember playing against him, really, honestly.
But I did say, I think what set him off was,
I think on last week's podcast, I started talking about it,
and I said, Barnaby's the type of guy, like, he was a fucking plug.
You couldn't hit him with a crispy hard pass on his backhand.
He just couldn't take, he's the type of guy,
you know what I mean?
So, like, he's a fucking plug.
I mean, that's Matthew Barnaby.
But, you know, he smiled and he did the whole thing,
and he played 15 years somehow.
All right.
So playoffs have been going on for a while.
We're in the semifinals now.
Who are you rooting for, if anyone, at this stage?
Oh, he's a Tampa guy.
Is my Wi-Fi working or is it not? It's working great. But R.A. just asked who you you rooting for if anyone at this stage oh he's a tampa is my wi-fi working
or is it not it's working great but ra just asked who you're rooting for he must not watch you
nightly all right so boy oh boy last year it started right with with i had i had nash we we
had the birth of nash we were at home the quarantine um and i just fell in love with this team so now this year we come
along i didn't watch the regular season at all and the playoffs start and now i'm in love with
this team again the only problem is this fucking kucharov right i don't know what kuch i'm gonna
get which night i'm gonna get the guy that just completely dominates and is the best player in the nhl
or when he's bad he's easily the worst player on the team like everything is exploding off of his
stick you can see the team feeds off of him i love this fucking team i love cooch i love serga
chev sergi takes the longest shifts in the history of NHL history.
OK, these guys are the most exciting team to watch in the NHL.
I think when they are playing their game, nobody can beat them.
I don't think anyone can beat them. It's just now. What team are you going to get?
I don't know. So I'm wondering what you think kind of Stammer's deal is.
I think last five games, like five shots, one point.
He's definitely probably battling injury, but if he could get going,
it's like, see you later, Islanders.
Fucking smell you later.
He's squeezing his stick a little too much,
and he throws a lot of these blind passes that I just don't like.
The one got him benched. The one got him benched in Long Island. Right.
They did. They score on that afterwards. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.
Which is crazy because I feel like Coop gives those guys a long leash because you just never know.
Like you blink and all of a sudden they've scored three goals but yeah i need stammer to play better i need him just to play straight ahead
and like it's funny as skilled as that team is the simpler they play the better they are
right and then they can capitalize on those big opportunities like them on the power play is fucking, it's sick. It's sick.
But listen, the Islanders, they play a consistent game.
They wear you down.
They're not, I don't love watching them,
but if Tampa doesn't play Tampa's game, then they're in a series.
If Tampa plays Tampa's game for the rest of the series,
they will fucking smoke them and they'll smoke either Vegas or Montreal.
Now the Montreal thing is just an anomaly. I don't even understand it.
Well, before we get to Montreal and Vegas,
Islanders do have an X factor as well in Frankie Borelli and they've been
doing these live streams.
So I'm sure you've been tuning in and he has just been an absolute electric factory and I'm sure helping them win win some
games yeah absolutely uh I say we like I'm part of the team like I'm a Tampa Bay Lightning uh team
like I'm on the team Frankie's on the team um you know, Stu Feiner into the mix.
Stu, if I ever  I've never done cocaine in my life,
but if I ever opened a big bag of blow, I actually want to do it with Stu Feiner.
Like, I'd love to see where you can get  where you just end up.
But Frankie's the ultimate jock sniffer. He's a fucking  he's a true diehard jock sniffer you gotta love him you gotta
love him i i really do that's what they do when they when they make their uh their mom's tomato
sauce they actually grab the jocks and they wring out the sweat and that's like their special
special little spice in the frankie barella pasty sauce whose jock do they use matt martin's because
he's a handsome fucking bastard hey what do you make of him and uh oh it's bob nystrom's dude they have the old bob nystrom one that just they keep hanging out
i would say that he's probably one of the biggest man rockets in the league and him and maroon have
been going at it and it's been a good battle and and if anything the depth for the islanders is
kind of stepped up to play more so in the series and maybe tampas
yeah they're uh fourth line like they they can move
right they they they play well sezikis uh martin yeah yeah but again i'll come back to if tampas
top six decides to play this thing's not a series it's it's it's game over that's good this team is
and these fucking people sending me messages about circumvent cap.
Have you talked about this at all? Dude, Dave's fucking Twitter.
They call them cheaters. These people are that dumb that they think they're legitimately cheating.
It's crazy. Like think about the depths that you would have to go to try and actually perform that cheat.
Oh, like to plan that. Yeah, I know. Yeah. You'd have to get Kuchar off to say,
okay, I'm going to sit the year out.
We're going to have to get you a surgery
that's going to make sure that you get back in time.
I mean, it's fucking madness.
Twitter is madness.
Going to hurt your Hall of Fame resume,
not to mention any future bonuses and future statistics.
It's just crazy talk.
I feel like we're giving it too much time.
Abe, what did say if the Islanders win,
he would wait tables at Borelli's for two nights.
He might need a bus boy.
Yeah.
I just don't want to put Witt in danger.
You know what I mean?
I think I'm already in a lot of it.
Really?
Well, if that's the case, then I might come in and I'll just fuck it.
Thank you.
And we can get Stu to bring us a bunch of gator lines.
We can honk in his kitchen and maybe throw in some of the pasta.
I'm in. I'll fucking wait tables for that.
Hey, you think Tampa smokes Vegas, too?
I think Tampa smokes Montreal.
I think Vegas lines up better against tampa um but again i don't understand what's wrong with vegas like what what's going
on with them stevenson is turning out to be you know a huge loss for them because he plugs up that
middle on that top line where he's just so consistent he distributes the puck well he
forechecks well and it's kind of i, I don't know, obviously hurt their scoring.
I mentioned this.
I said they had a harder time against Minnesota
than they ended up having against Colorado.
In the games where Minnesota was dialed in defensively,
Vegas couldn't score.
I think they were shut out twice in that series.
So the way it's playing out now,
and obviously they were lucky enough to squeeze one out uh in game four they're much like Montreal
was in game three but I just feel that this really boring defensive style and giving them
opportunities from the outside just kind of puts them to sleep essentially yeah um I guess the
other the other thing is this DeBoer and the way that he just flips goalies.
It's crazy.
I mean, why would you start Lehner?
I don't know.
What that does to your  how do you get Fleury to look you in the eye and go,
I don't know, maybe these guys are the ultimate team guys,
but I just don't understand it.
And they won the game right it
worked out i know but here's the thing now what do you do it's like i don't know who who are they
starting game five you have to start lennar at this point no i would say i i would say you go
back to flurry really well hear me out lennar said it exactly in his press conferences he goes i know
exactly what my job is right now without flurryury, we wouldn't be in this situation.
My job was to come in, make sure he was able to get rest,
and that's exactly what he did.
I don't necessarily blame that gift goal at the fact that, you know,
he wasn't rested and it was a mental lapse.
It was just to be a flat-out gift.
But the fact that they've been traveling so much and playing in these very
intense games, especially emotionally against the Avalanche,
like everybody kind of feels like that was the Stanley cup final in a sense,
other than of course the other conference, if Tampa ends up getting through.
But yeah, in my opinion,
you got to go back to flurry because it is his net and he has gotten you
there. And all you did was hit the stall button for him.
Like I don't think he played horrible in game three either.
He just had that brain fart and it was time to get him the rest that was the time to step in and do it he did have that gift goal
against Colorado as well and now you're you're tied at two going home it's a best of three and
you got your best guy Annette rested yeah I didn't see that the conference but if Lehner said that
then these guys are the ultimate team then then that makes the decision easy I didn't know that's
the mentality uh that these guys are are rolling with if that's the decision easy i i didn't know that's the mentality uh that these
guys are are rolling with if that's the case then yeah he probably comes back with flurry
and flurry knows and and everyone's cool i refuse to watch that series because i just hate montreal
i i just i hate that team why are they an anomaly that's what you just called them right
well how do you finish how do you finish this season?
What were they, 15, 17, and 4 or something?
They weren't in the playoffs if it was a normal year.
They wouldn't even have made the playoffs.
Right. So they play the Leafs who just stink.
I mean, right?
I don't know how they work.
I don't watch the game, the games that I have watched and go, wow, this team is is just defensively.
They're incredible. And I don't know what the thing is that's that's propelling them.
I don't understand it. I they have fucking kryptonite.
Like you go to their rink and there's no fans and everyone's like oh this is depressing like i don't know i don't know but the coach's suits have you seen this the suits
this guy wears i have terrible suits but tell me about these guys suits no the the coach of
montreal suits yeah no i'm yeah what about i saw your recent your instagram, your Instagram talking about Dominic Ducharme.
What's wrong with their suits?
Wait, you got a big problem with suits, Dave,
because last time you were on, you were going after the NBC crew
because they constantly wore blue.
And I think that after that, I think 10 broadcasts in a row,
they were all wearing blue, and you know they fucking were trolling you.
So what's up with the Charme suits?
No, the coach of the Canadians,ians i'm not sure his name but
he wore this suit uh it was just like and i said this and i got a lot of montreal french canadians
coming at me heavy with this they have a certain style it's sort of this trashy mix look, right?
They just don't do anything simple.
It's a little bit confusing.
And he comes out wearing this suit that looks like it was his Vegas suit.
Like the guy's never been to Vegas before.
And he said, you know what?
I'm going to save this suit.
This is my game one Vegas suit.
He had his French tailor.
Like, let's do the lapels of a different color and make it very confusing.
And just wear a fucking, wear a beautiful navy blue.
You're the Montreal Canadiens.
Wear a beautiful, rich blue suit with a beautiful red tie, right?
And a white shirt or a dark blue tie.
Look like a million bucks.
Don't look like what I just explained.
It upsets me.
Fair enough.
Anything you want to talk about?
What about No Gruffs Given, your podcast?
How's that going?
You're a one-man show for that.
I think you do some interviews,
but what was the most recent thing you discussed or is it just basically your life anything going on
in social media that you go over how do you go about your episodes yeah i mean i i've definitely
skewed heavy to uh politics for some reason even though i really don't know that much about it um
uh that doesn't get people riled up
though so he probably needs yeah who did i i mean god i've been i've i interviewed mike lindell
my pillow um i have no clue who that is who is that he's the guy who like he he was like i think
he used to be correct me if i'm wrong ab He was like a junkie, crazy lunatic.
And then his life got back on track.
He started MyPillow, became Boys with Trump.
And next thing you know, he was like banned from Walmart.
Yeah. Yeah.
Banned from everything.
Bed, bath and fun.
Dominion voting voting machines sued him for a billion dollars.
Who else did I have on recently?
dollars um who else did i have on recently uh dana perino who was the white house uh secretary for george w bush yeah i don't know weird i'm interviewing ryan holweg today my old teammate
ryan holweg oh remember nowadays so he he really pulled on my heartstrings because i think he went
over to the czech republic or something when he was done in the NHL.
And he ended up having a kid with Mel over there.
So he gets his son in the summer times and he's got a Winnebago or something.
And he loaded it up with his son.
And now they're at a hockey school and he's going to teach this hockey school for three months.
And I was just like
i gotta talk to hallweg you remember the greatest uh dance in the history of dressing room dances
oh yeah incredible incredible after every game so he was the ultimate morale guy because i think he
came over to arizona for a little bit but like tell us more about this character off the ice
like what did he do to get the boys going oh fuck well first of all go go to youtube and youtube ryan hallway post game win
dance and he did this dance after every game that we won that was the most electrifying one man
performance that you could ever see it was like somebody injected in adrenaline into a possessed man's body,
and he just lost control.
And it was incredible.
He also hit so fucking hard.
Like, this guy would go 100 miles an hour.
And remember Mega Man, the Nintendo game?
No.
The guy was, like like just a beauty.
Ryan Hallweg.
Like, you know, after a win.
His beard is ridiculous now.
Was it Chris Simon who cross-checked him in the face?
Yep.
Were you there when that happened, Apes?
Oh, yeah.
In Long Island.
We had to win that game to make it to the playoffs in the old Coliseum.
Yep.
Yep.
How many games did he get? he got quite a few i i i was just
wondering if you were on the team at that point now uh we got to talk about the acting gig you
were in a show that just got released now the episode that you're in hasn't came out yet
but uh why don't you describe it for us yeah kevin can fuck himself um So it's basically a play on on the traditional sitcom series. So it's an it's a it's a single camera and multi camera show in one, which kind of means like, it lives in two worlds. It lives in like a traditional friends type world. And then it bounced to a little darker.
type world and then it bounced to a little darker um yeah i guess start on one of the episodes i'm not sure i think it's episode four episode five um it was it was great it was great you know i
have these really crazy experiences i just did this david o russell movie and uh my buddy matt
bodman whose uh family started roots good canadian, he's producing this movie for David O. Russell.
So I get to work, right?
And I don't have anything.
I don't have my sides.
I don't have anything.
I got sides the night before, but basically I'm in a scene with Christian Bale, John David Washington, Chris Rock and Ed Bedley, senior.
All right. I get my lines on set basically.
30 minutes before we go and I've got a page of dialogue with Christian Bale.
Now, the first time I saw Christian Bale, when I walked on the set, I was like, OK, this is what a movie star is.
I've seen if you saw Brad Pitt or you saw Christian Bale like that is what a movie star is.
All right. The whole entire day. Take after take. I didn't know my lines.
I was I was on a I had an out of body experience. I was a mess.
was on a i had an out-of-body experience i was a mess okay christian bale ran my lines with me between every single take for the entire day he just kept running them with me every which you
gotta understand that's like it's like the most incredible thing you could ever think of you know
when you hear stories about actors and superstars this guy didn't know who i was he thought i was
like a hired day player he had no idea who i was he ran the lines with me after every single take
up and down up and down probably 50 times over the course of the day it was like one of the
greatest experiences of my life how high was your anxiety going into that day not knowing what the dialogue was were you
fucking going nuts oh man i didn't i i uh just a panic like a panic like you've never experienced
i had a they they put a i had a wad of chewing tobacco in my mouth um i you know i don't remember anything i blacked out again i i fucking blacked out and
uh at one point at one point i stopped in the middle of the tape and it was kind of like i had
passed off i say a line and then christian i don't even know what i call him. Mr. Bale says a line. And I flubbed my line. And at this point, I was so rattled. I was just like, oh, for fuck's sakes. And I threw my hands up in the air. And all I could hear was Bale laughing. And I could hear David O. Russell screaming from behind the camera john don't stop in a take keep going and i could just hear bale's laughter like
increasing and then he couldn't finish the scene because he was laughing so much i was a fucking
mess hey uh other than that outside of the work aspect did you get to shoot the shit with him
a little bit yeah like uh we just worked all day so not really like i don't
even think we broke for lunch um but he was what a guy man what a guy and you know if you again go
to youtube and watch him on uh terminator when he goes crazy on the lighting guy oh he lost his mind
so he's obviously on tense or intense on set kind of like you mentioned about the last director
you work with um i forget the tenant yeah christopher nolan hey so i watched that movie
i'll say like the obviously the the cinematography was great but it was a fucking confusing movie to
me and it's just i james no no offense i never even got to your scene i might just have to go
watch it again just to get to your gig dude we didn't know we had no idea what it was about while we were making it you gotta watch it with uh cat with
the closed captioning on it it took me 10 times before i i was like oh this is i get it i watched
it 10 times david or russell that that's a movie like that's a talk of hollywood right now too
isn't it i mean there's all these mega stars and it doesn't have a title yet it's been kind of a secretive deal he's he's an interesting fellow
to work for too i know he had some on set issues back in the day oh yeah he had a loony grab cloney
got in a fight with him right what you guys george cloney on the set on the set of three kings
excellent movie by the way excellent movie uh watch david o russell's meltdown on set with what's the act the actress's
name oh a lily john and i had huckabee yeah so i you know those are those are widely known right
and i'm on set with both of these guys and i don't and i'm fucking messed and you can't remember
hey you know what's weird though is like from what i heard from christian bale flipping out
like who would have ever thought he would have like taken the time to do that with you obviously
he's not just a dickhead the guy's the ultimate mensch the guy's the ultimate mensch like he
looked in my eyes he knew that i got a curveball thrown at me that i got the lines handed to me in the morning and he did what every
superstar would do right a Steve Iserman uh you know any of these guys like he carried me he
carried me because that was what that's why you're a superstar and it was I'll never forget it man
the guy is like hopefully I'll see him at some point sometime and I'll, and I'll explain to him what he did.
And we'll probably have a laugh because I'm sure he, he,
he's going to remember it. There's no question.
Since we're on the, since we're on the topic of movie stars,
you already mentioned a Stice alone and he's new, your new workout buddy.
How did that end up happening? And what do you guys will just go grab lunch
together? So I say Stye Stallone or Sly?
Stye Stallone.
Oh, I fuck up my words around here.
You know what's going on.
That made the war dog laugh.
Me too.
Sly Stallone.
I worked out with the legendary Gunnar Peterson.
Gunnar's kind of a  he's kind of a Hollywood
One of the celebrities forever, right?
Yeah.
Remember when J-Lo and Affleck were together the first time?
It kind of blossomed at Gunner's Gym.
So I worked out at Gunner's Gym, and Sly works out before me.
And we just clicked.
But I got to tell you, Sly Stallone curls 80-pound barbells each arm.
He's 75 years old okay this guy is he's rocky he's fucking rambo
he's everything he's the coolest guy ever really i think like even in real life he's fucking stallone
i mean so yeah we uh we uh we worked out know, we talked shop, and he tells me stories, and, oh, man, he's a  what a guy, man.
What a guy.
Hey, we don't know each other too well, but I got this neighbor, and
Yeah, yeah.
What should I do?
We got to deal with him.
He's like, all right, here's the plan.
Yeah.
Abe, any movies lately stick out to you as a,
as a favorite of yours or shows or anything?
Uh,
yeah.
Oh yeah.
Uh,
mosquito coast.
Um,
on Apple with,
uh,
Justin Theroux is fantastic.
All right.
Have you watched it?
I haven't watched it yet.
I know there was the movie back.
Um,
I think it was 86,
with Harrison Ford in it as well. Harrison Ford.
Same, I think it was the same
source material from out of state. I'll check that one out.
It's, uh, Zero's
Uncle wrote it, but no, that's a great show.
Um,
I actually liked the, uh,
the Marvel thing, uh,
not WandaVision, the other,
uh, no, not Loki, the other. Loki?
No,
not Loki,
the other one in between that.
Loki and WandaVision between.
No,
you're not talking about the Mandalorian.
No,
Captain America,
not Captain America,
but there was two of them.
Oh,
Winter Soldier.
Winter Soldier one,
yeah.
Yeah,
it was pretty good.
It was pretty good.
You guys aren't talking about that like like, 1871 movie, are you?
The one where they filmed it all in one shot?
No, no, no.
But that was great.
I think it was, like, 1917.
Well, I think everybody knows what I'm talking about.
I'll just throw some numbers out there.
What else you got going, Aves? Tell us what you got.
I mean, you got your beautiful kid, your beautiful wife.
You're in LA now.
Do you have any other aspirations as far as things you want to accomplish?
You got, you got the training going, you got the acting going.
I know we haven't talked about cameos yet, which at this point, you're probably one of
the most famous people on cameo.
And I think, uh, Carrie Frazier was mentioning it.
Even he'd heard about your cameos.
Oh, wow.
Yeah.
Um, yeah, somebody wrote a thing on barstools. uh carrie frazier was mentioning it even he'd heard about your cameos oh wow yeah um yeah
somebody wrote a thing on barstools the barstool employees are doing them now right and and
somebody wrote an article talking about how he got a cameo request and he had to sit on it for
a few days to think about how to fulfill it it was talking about some other guy's wife's tits or
something i i can't remember but i was yeah white socks dave
that wacko right like i get cameos and i just go like there's no thought i don't sit and think
it's like i see the cameo come in boom i unleash it i just i let it rip uh father's day was busy
boy oh boy i don't know i probably did i probably did 500 i don't know are you
shitting me so you could just hit play if you fuck it up will you restart it are you pretty
good you get in a good rhythm where you're not messing up your words for every two or three
hundred that i do maybe i would restart one i just holy fuck dude that is incredible yeah but i've done like 5 000 so wow that's fucking nuts
did you invest in it all did you invest in cameo at all i should have my agency uh uta did on this
last round that they did that that's the future i know hockey cards and all this card crapping or popping or whatever is is famous now but cameos it's the future i mean
it you know you got this person like right in your living room it's incredible yeah it's a great it's
a great way to personalize them actually for someone and it's not even it's not even crazy
expensive i i started doing them and then i put it on the shelf because if i get busy like i don't
want them to run out and then you like you you get this like guilt associated to it that you didn't do it and
whatever i put it on hold for now but uh but i i tell you what it's a it's a great idea and uh
speaking of other uh like futuristic things did you get in bitcoin uh so i yeah i did i get in Did I get Bitcoin? Yeah. God, what was the date? No. So I was stoned on a Sunday in 2018.
Now, the only reason that I know that is because I have a receipt for purchasing Bitcoin.
And I don't know what I what happened to me that day, but it was in New York City.
And I don't know what happened to me that day, but it was in New York City.
I got stoned and I ended up in Soho and there was a Bitcoin ATM.
And I don't know if they have these or what, but still, I bought two Bitcoin and then I forgot about them.
And then I was on my computer and I saw a folder in my Dropbox that said Bitcoin.
This is how stoned I was.
I had meticulously saved my password chain. Every letter, although I don't even know,
I now know what to do with it. I had somebody tell me what to do with it i bought two bitcoin in 2018 for uh like i don't know it was like
400 bucks or something you know what two bitcoin are worth right now well it skyrocketed up to
about 60 to 62 about 62 grand a piece i think it ended up leveling off where it's probably around
40 now did you end up getting rid of them or you still got them i sold one and i kept one yeah because yeah we
we won them when we had that ncaa tournament we all won a piece of it a portion of bitcoin i never
got well i got a piece of it it was worth like whatever percentage i don't even know sorry to
pop the p it was 3700 like 3800 i'm like well 3,800. I'm like, well, am I going to sell it?
I'm like, no, I'll leave it.
I got it for nothing.
Well, what I got was initially 3,800 is worth like 2,000 right now.
So I'm like, well, if I didn't sell it at 3,800, I'm not going to sell it at 2,000.
So I'm just going to leave it.
You got to just hold it forever.
You think it's going to the moon, Aves?
Yeah, I think it's going to keep going up.
But, R. of uh out of one
bitcoin what percentage of of one bitcoin do you own i have no idea like pine i basically i don't
know if it's 10 uh one percent or what they didn't really give us too much explanation they just said
blog onto this account and it will be there that's what happened i know shit about it i know nothing
about it i wasn't gonna sell like i said from the get-go i figured i'd just let it linger and uh i'm not gonna certainly not gonna sell it now that
it's worth half for what it was because initially i should have sold that initially if i was going
to but i just i get a feeling though at the end of the day sean that because there's no tangible
uh product tied to it or anything that you know people are gonna make money at it but eventually
the chickens are gonna come home truced and some poor saps going to be left hold the bag or many saps it ain't gonna be fucking apes because you got them
for full hundo well i didn't know what i was doing and i i would buy it again because i don't even
know how to do it like i had to have somebody help me unload them right like i had to take it
off of this blockchain with the password it's very confusing anyways i own one now and i sold one uh besides pizza what do you miss most
about new york city oh boy i was there last week it's a it's a disgusting place you know
it is a disgusting place uh like you know what the smell no gross i don't miss
anything not even the pizza i i miss the i miss you know i miss like true bread new yorkers
that's about it everything else can burn to the ground there you have it we always respect your honest opinion sean hey yeah do you have anything you
want to ask us about sean that gross no you guys are doing great you guys are doing great uh
abe you gamble you sports gamble no no i'll never have i'm not i don, it doesn't get me going. And not, uh, not drinking still. Right. Are you drinking a little bit?
No, no drink.
Just a healthy lifestyle,
a little weed occasionally working out and just crushing it in LA.
Good for you.
Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. But I, uh, yeah, I don't know.
I don't know. I feel content, you know, that's a good thing.
But I, I really want you guys to interview Steve Eisenman.
Oh, yeah.
Fucking right.
He ain't coming on this show, would he?
I don't know.
Why not?
Well, you're the only one who's got his number out of us five,
so maybe give him a text.
We joke about him all the time because he ended up asking Kirby Doc
how much weed he smokes away from the rink as one of his interview questions.
You know when you go to the combine and they grill guys?
He was the one guy to be grilling Kirby Doc about the weed.
So Kirby Doc had balls enough when he was 18 years old
when we got him on.
It was his first year with Chicago,
and he told the story about how Steve Ui was growing him about it.
Was this recently?
I would say about a year ago, maybe a little over a year ago when we talked to him about it was this year we smoke about uh i would say about a year ago maybe a little over
a year ago when we talked to him about it it was the year of of kirby doc's draft was was steve was
stevie a pretty chill guy as far as the partying is concerned because i think even now that you
know he's doing yoga and and kind of staying in the mix as far as keeping his mind fresh yeah but
i i he's definitely seen me smoke weed.
So he's not the type of guy that would yell at somebody that would say,
hey, get that weed out of here.
No, he's definitely  I've smoked weed in front of Steve Eisenman,
I'm pretty sure, at some point.
The guy's just too cool.
I don't think he would ever put himself in a situation he likes to drink wine and uh i think he just likes to assess
every situation he's in and be in control but yeah not a not a judger like i don't even it's
interesting that he would ask that kid that question like because i'm not sure he would really care i think what i want to see well then we were convinced that
he actually was just asking for some because he forgot some when he was traveling or something
so maybe he's actually so that so maybe you could maybe you could dig into it for us and or get his
contact reach out to him and ask if he wants to come on the pod but i i couldn't see him coming
on here i will ask uh lisa his wife
because i think that uh she's the key holder she's she's the gatekeeper so i'll ask her i i will
there you have it folks abe's great catching up with you dude uh go lightning we're both
in agreement there and and thanks for coming on thanks guys thank you very much to sean avery we
appreciate you coming on and catching up with us.
I need to now talk to you guys about all of mechanical breakdown coverage
because everyone sucks and hates having auto repair bills.
It's the worst.
We got to get rid of them.
And we all know your auto manufacturer's warranty only goes so far.
So what happens when the warranty expires?
When your engine or transmission fails, who pays for that?
You do, unless you have all of mechanical breakdown coverage.
Pushy salespeople and robocalls are the absolute pits.
Everyone hates them.
But not with Olive.com.
All of mechanical breakdown coverage says hell no to those unwanted robocalls
and those pesky sales jerks who won't leave you alone.
There's a sweepstakes announcement as well with olive do you want a chance to win your way to the 2001 2021 2022 nhl
event for you and a guest you can win two tickets air hotel and concession loot to boot you got to
see official rules that enter to win at olive.com slash for the win. You can also add
an additional five entries to boot
simply by adding code CHICKLETS
C-H-I-C-L-E-T-S
and here to save you
money is olive.com, the official
mechanical breakdown coverage partner of the
National Hockey League. Go to olive.com
slash for the win right
now. Good job, Whit.
Not your best? You're shaking your head. That's not your
best? That wasn't even
fucking remotely close to my best.
I did my best,
but I guess my best wasn't good
enough.
That's an old 80s chestnut flyer.
I love this. He always guarantees me
a laugh. Boys, we get some
et cetera. Happy holidays.
He's been singing happy holidays.
Happy holidays.
I need my home, but I guess
my home isn't good enough.
What do you got, Whit? You got a voice?
Nothing. I hate you two singing right now.
I know he's singing a fake voice.
I have one of the worst voices you could ever imagine.
When I sing, it is horrible.
R.A., it's still better than yours.
I know.
That's what I'm saying.
I can imagine because mine is probably worse than yours.
But if you're singing in a fake voice, then it's not as bad.
Well, he still had the balls to get up and do karaoke with.
Why don't you fucking jam up, baby?
I've sang karaoke before.
What's your go-to?
I don't have a go-to, but the last time I did it,
which was at least 10 years ago,
I did We Didn't Start the Fire by Billy Joel,
which is hard because he talks really fast in it.
That's a tough one.
But I know all the words.
Except for there's one area I get a little...
I saw that tour, actually.
That's a great song.
Yeah.
Was it 1989, December at Worcester Centrum?
I saw Billy Joel for that exact album tour.
Good stuff.
Yeah, Billy Joel.
He wasn't even at the Boston Garden in 1989.
No, dude.
Back in the late 80s't even at the boston garden in 1989 no dude back in the late
like the 80s and even into the 90s a lot of artists did not want to play the garden because
it was so old it had no ac oh bad acoustics bad acoustics like okay a lot of like prominent
artists wouldn't come here you'd have the real rockers what do they love stinking and sweating
all over the place with the b they want their music to sound good. Yeah.
Yeah.
Oh, the sound wasn't great either.
Oh, well, you don't want. Yeah.
I mean, there was no put it this way because there was no air condition at the original
Boston guy or the Boston guy.
There's no it's the Boston guy.
They had no AC in there.
So like bands are like, yeah, they just would rather go to Worcester.
They didn't give a fuck.
It wasn't like they lived in Boston at a drive to Worcester.
They would just fly to Worcester.
You know, one of the best concerts I've ever been to, and I knew nothing about him.
I went with my wife.
Ed Sheeran.
Holy shit.
Three hours.
This guy was on stage.
That's when Ryder was made?
What's up?
Is that when Ryder was made?
No, that was the summer.
Ryder was made in March.
It was three hours of the guy by himself on stage, crushing it,
packed Gillette Stadium, and then at the end he starts rapping.
He was one of the most talented individuals I've ever seen.
The guy was the man.
We've talked about it on the podcast before,
but there's a back story to him living on Jamie Foxx's couch at some point.
So I don't know.
We don't need to dive too much in.
I think when I told this story originally,
you told me that story.
So I apologize.
I saw Michael Bolton in concert before.
Not the guy from Office Space,
the real Michael Bolton.
You did?
Yeah.
Long hair?
Yeah, yeah.
Long hair.
Don't care.
What made you go to that?
Was it a date?
I wouldn't call it that. What made me go to that was that a date um i wouldn't call it that what made me go
to that was that my mother's boyfriend at the time i hated so fucking much that like i wanted to buy
her tickets to see him because she liked them but i would not give her two tickets so she would go
with him so i got two tickets and gave her one so that i would go so i hated her boyfriend so much
i sat there and sat through michael bolton just so her ass how old were you time fuck that was i don't know it was 18 19 that was probably 30 years ago yeah
no he said that's his song no fuck no percy sled shang that motherfucker but he he remade it
and then uh he did a wow he did a bunch of his own originals but yeah, yeah, I get no beef with Michael Bolton.
I wasn't going to see him on my own, but I'd be damned if I was going to pay money for that.
We're going to start doing R.A. karaoke for our intro songs, and we can move on.
That is a wonderful thing.
Who's that?
I love how it drives me crazy when I sing.
It doesn't really drive me crazy.
I just think of the guy punching the roof in his car.
Don't worry about me, man.
All right.
Moving right along, as Fozzie Bear would say,
Jason Spezza re-ups for another year with the Toronto Maple Leafs.
Deservingly so.
He's going to make the NHL minimum 750,000,
and he said he would actually take less if he could.
Alas, he can't.
The union won't let him.
But he had, let's see 30
points in 54 games last year and even more impressive five points in seven playoff games
i mean this guy was of all the problems you had on the toronto roster during the playoffs because
jason spencer wasn't one of them no somebody had a funny tweet afterward like his agent like no
no shut up you fuck yeah but i think he's probably free he's probably
yeah he's probably made him enough money in his agent career but uh what no it's great hometown
kid and another year uh another year and a chance to uh to win a cup i mean they still got the core
group let's hope they can figure out the other other tweaks and and then uh fuck off yeah just
just dump it and i'll pick it up for you uh blake
como re-upped with dallas one year one million dollar deal the 35 year old had four goals and
10 assists in 51 games last year wait did you play with him or not am i imagining no never got to play
with him i just remember playing against him just hard worker in your face good player man that guy's
a guy's kind of a beast out there yeah still getting it done at
35 uh we have some awards to get to as well and the selkie was uh the selkie finalist we announced
them last week and the winner alexander bakov florida panthers um i don't know if it was a huge
surprise i think some people are surprised by it he beat out bergeron and mark stone and then you
got this fucking dork mark lazarusus, who writes for The Athletic.
I don't like the guy.
I'll be up front with him.
He's talked shit in the past about because of who we work for in Boston.
He's one of these goofballs who reads their fucking three or four clickbait
articles and determines he doesn't like a group of people.
His ballot was Deneau, Barkoff, Eriksson, Ek, Barna, and Stone.
He opted to leave Patrice Bergeron off his Selke ballot.
And I'm not even mad at him for that.
I don't like the guy anyways prior to his ballot this year.
But, I mean, how much of a jack wagon do you have to be to leave Bergeron off your Selke ballot?
I think you're almost better off just making the ballots not public.
Because I swear to God, that guy's doing that so that we're doing this right now.
It's like there's just no explanation for it.
Why would you do something like that?
Oh,
because everyone's going to see,
I did that.
And then I'm going to get a little traction and people are going to talk
about it because there is no other way to explain it.
And then when he was on Twitter,
he was like,
Oh,
the most like rational,
like fan base out there,
Boston,
like,
and he was like almost antagonizing Boston fans.
And trust me,
I don't give a fuck about that.
I said,
the guys that he's talked shit about what we do and what our company.
And he even said, oh, Boston will never get a press pass.
And it's like, asshole, I've had him for fucking 10 years.
He's just a fucking donkey.
I don't care for the guy.
But either way, to leave Bergeron off your ballot,
it just speaks to your credibility as a hockey writer, no?
Yeah, well, we could talk about the winner, Barkov.
I think Keith Yandel has said the best hockey player he's ever played with.
Just so complete.
Does everything, both sides of the puck.
I cannot imagine this is the only Selke he'll end up winning in his career.
Took him a little bit of time to break through and beat Bergeron
and the guys who are always up in the mix for the Selke.
But what a player he is.
And he's so big and strong.
So that's a cornerstone that Florida really can build around and is doing.
It's just amazing to see how good he is and how durable he is too.
Because there's times like he takes big hits.
He gives big hits.
He's not easy to play against.
And he just shows up.
So an awesome player for Florida.
Well said, Whit.
I got nothing, R.A.
What was the issue with online people going nuts about the Lady Bing?
Did you see this?
Were people really going crazy about it?
No.
People were all rattled.
I couldn't understand what the issue was, though.
Slavin's deserving winner of that war.
Oh, it's because that asshole, I'll shit on another mainstream media member,
Damo Spinn, that fucking Damien Cox dingbat up in Toronto.
He was saying, if you voted for Slavin, you got it wrong.
He made this stupid declarative statement.
We had Kanye.
You never go full Kanye.
Yeah, he was just like, I mean, I think it was, who was it, David A is his wife
who, you know, he played, he suited up for
Carolina when they beat Toronto and she
was like, like anybody who cares about hockey just
disregards his opinion. He's just like
Steve Simmons. They just say shit
to rabble rouse people, get them like all
fired up. But at the end of the day, nobody
really gives a shit what they say. I'm gonna let you
finish. I'm gonna let you
finish. Either way, when Jacob Slavin did win the Lady Beng.
Well-deserved, obviously.
Two penalty minutes this year, playing a lot of minutes every game,
and I'm pretty sure it was a puck over the glass to lay a game.
So to match up against the other team's first lines
and not take a penalty is wild stuff.
Not many defensemen in the history of that award have taken it down. I guess there's
certain D-men who would never want to be up for the
award, but he's a guy who gets his job
done while having sportsman-like
tendencies.
Holy shit, you're on fire in the back nine here.
I'm really not, though.
I feel like a fucking mutant right now.
Ever since that ad read.
I also don't remember. Did I read that guy's ballot
for Selke?
I kind of went white for a second. Ever since that ad read. I honestly don't remember. Did I read that guy's ballot for Selke?
Yes.
I kind of went white for a second.
All right.
You did.
Oh, yeah.
You are humming right now.
You got your fucking.
Who else are you going to get?
Let's see.
Hold on. Gun down somebody else.
All right.
I got to reload something here.
Rob Brindamore.
Definitely not going to shoot at him.
He got extended his contract three years in addition to his whole staff.
And then later that day, he goes out and wins the Jack Adams trophy.
So kudos to Rob Brindamore and no disrespect to him.
I thought Dean Everson might've wanted just given the, I don't know.
I think Carolina was so much closer to where they are this year.
Whereas Minnesota, I don't think people have them having this much of an
improvement, but either way, congrats to Rob Brindamore.
Biz, anything you want to share with us?
No, I thought that's a good point, given with the talent pool available.
Yeah, I think that that would have been another solid pick.
But ultimately  and they had to go up against Vegas as well,
and they brought them to seven.
So either way, great coaches and well-deserved.
And the nice little fat bucket extension.
Yeah, can't beat that.
Did it come out that his whole staff got extensions as he requested or is it just no they all got canned
the next day i i think that's it's just it's just to be taken that they did considering he asked for
that right he said that was part of his deal yeah that that's that's what went down i don't know if
everybody got three years the whole Kitten Caboodle,
but it sounds like they did.
And then also, yeah, I don't know if you guys saw the video,
when he did win the award, he basically said it was a team award.
He really did not want to take credit for it.
He deflected it, and he had a whole bunch of his family
and a bunch of his players in there.
It was a pretty cool moment.
He did get the heads up he was going to win,
so he invited all those people there.
So it was good stuff. Obviously, big brenda more france here france fans uh oscar lindblom
lindblom won the masters and trophy i don't think that was much of a surprise of the many nominees
he battled cancer come back had a nice season for himself but it's just like such an inspirational
thing to see there's a guy like you know pictures of him last year he lost his hair from treatment
and you know everyone had prayers for him and then he comes back and gets back on
the lineup and i don't think you could could have went wrong with choosing him this year
no no what a great story and then he actually got that extension as well so great to see that this
guy's like you know headed right back on the path he was on and uh i mean the the strength and mental strength as well how little of a shit
does nbc give right now showing these games lame doctor it is the most obvious
they don't even have a pre-game show right now for this game they're just coming on right at
eight as the game starts which channel is it on fucking national geographic tonight it's gonna be
on nbc sports, USA 1, man.
Like, sometimes, like, it'll go dark for 15 seconds.
Like, sometimes, like, I'm like, can I get a fucking replay here?
Oh, yeah, they don't even show replays of certain things.
It's like, like R.A. said, it's just, it's not their issue anymore next year,
and they're just, like, all set.
Ordering Grubhub to the truck instead of showing a replay of a crossbar hit
they're snacking down on a pink whitney and a cheeseburger the gm of the year finalists were
announced um let's see we got lou lamorello of the islanders the burger van nice shirt biz
up in montreal and uhito Donofaro, who
probably didn't like us earlier in the year,
but either way, he did a good job with Twitter.
I took a skydump on his car.
Well, fuck, I hope he doesn't win.
All right, boys, this is
a story we hate doing these type
of things, but it's a big
story, and we got to report on it.
TSN's Rick Westhead, who reports
on a lot of uncomfortable
stuff for tsn he's a fantastic reporter so we're reporting what he reported uh so if you have any
issues with it you know complain elsewhere but uh seniors chicago senior management refused to
contact chicago police during the 2010 playoffs after two players said that video coach brad
aldrich had sexually assaulted them.
The players told then-Skills coach Paul Vincent,
who then shared the info with then-team president John McDonough,
vice president of hockey ops Al McIsaac,
general manager Stan Bowman, and team psychologist James Gary.
Vincent wanted the team to call the police, the sex crimes division,
and they declined to.
And he actually asked them, what would you do if this was this was your son well there was a lawsuit that was filed last month
i don't think we we brought it up on the show by a former player on the blackhawks back in 2010
who alleged that aldrich sent him inappropriate texts and threatened him physically financially
and emotionally if he didn't engage in sexual activity uh there was another player in addition
to the one who filed suit,
that told Vincent that this video coach would get him drunk,
make them watch porn, then try to perform oral sex on him.
Vincent asked the team shrink, James Gary, to follow up.
And per the lawsuit, again, per the lawsuit,
Gary convinced the player that it was his fault, the player who was suing.
Right now, the Chicago Blackhawks stance is that it's a statute of limitations issue
and the suit should be dismissed.
John McDonough obviously is no longer with the team,
but this happened under his watch.
The video coach was also with the U.S. team in Vancouver in 2010.
So basically what happened was the Blackhawks let him go.
He worked at Miami University,
and then he worked at a high school where he was later convicted
of criminal sexual contact with a 17-year-old he was coaching.
Okay?
That 17-year-old is also suing the Blackhawks, alleging that, again,
if this is true, it's fucking vile,
that the team gave Aldridge a positive reference letter
when he left the NHL team.
In other words, the Blackhawks knew that he tried to assault
or did assault two of their players, and they gave him a reference letter.
And then he, in turn, got another job in which he was able to fucking
assault a player of his, and that player is suing the Blackhawks.
So it's just fucking ridiculous, man.
I'm in Boston. You're from here.
We had the Catholic Church here for the last fucking 30, 40 years.
Plus, in addition to all the other disgusting shit that people do to kids,
the fact that people would fucking protect, like,
the people who do this in perpetuity in this day and age, no one.
What the fuck, man?
Like, the Blackhawks, we've had a good relationship with them over the years,
but, like, they need to answer for this. They can this they can't say like all this happened legally and the statute of
limitations like chief wrote his blog like yeah you can say it legally but morally how the fuck
do you have this guy on your payroll and then then sign a fucking letter for him like hey yeah this
guy's a ringing endorsement and where he goes and he molests a fucking other kid or assaults another
kid and scars him it's disgusting man that again, this is all alleged.
It's all reported. We're not saying it's a fact, 100 percent.
But the fact that an NHL team would in this day and age, like lean on the side of a fucking sex offender.
It's horrific, man. And, you know, John McDonough, he already got fired.
He's got something to answer for. Obviously, he's probably not going to.
He doesn't need to on our account.
But it's fucking disgusting that this stuff goes on in this day and age
and that an NHL team may have been partied to it signing off on a reference letter.
Man, I get fucking heated because I grew up with kids who went through this shit in Boston.
Fortunately, by the grace of God, it wasn't me.
But, like, this ruins lives, man.
And the fact that people know this, there's no excuse anymore
to let a guy do this shit and then move him along to the next one.
It's fucking abhorrent and disgusting.
And this fucking team needs to answer questions.
Well said, R.A.
Just a horrible situation.
I actually forgot.
I didn't remember him.
And then once it came out, the story that he was in vancouver when i was there i remember he's a creep
and and to think about the fact that like they knew is what's shocking and what i'm happy to
hear and all that is i've been and not surprised in the least i've been good friends with paul
vincent for 20 years longer.
The guy taught me how to skate.
He was an amazing, he is an amazing guy.
And like to know that he went forward and was like,
you guys got to do something about this and that they didn't.
And he was like trying to help these kids.
It's like, what the fuck?
And I've also seen the argument or heard people say like pro hockey players.
You're with this guy.
Like, why don't you sucker him? If he's telling you he wants to give you a blow job, but like how he's always argument or heard people say like pro hockey players, you're with this guy.
Like, why don't you sucker him?
If he's telling you he wants to give you a blow job, but like,
how are you supposed to say that this guy could have been telling him,
like, I'll get you sent down.
You'll never play in the NHL.
Everyone's fucking John Wayne on Twitter too.
Sorry.
That's the other thing that pissed me off too.
Go ahead.
Yeah. It's just, it's, it's, it's, it's for, for kids who are,
for guys who are obviously not on the, you know,
playing on the team that black aces and dreaming of playing the NHL.
And you got a coach on the staff like saying the shit to you.
It's like, how are you supposed to immediately think that if you were to sucker him or do something that you wouldn't end up like, oh, it's a it's a he said he said like, well, it's just a horrible situation.
And to know that they knew about it is wild because this story came out a few months ago,
and I don't even think we talked about it because, you know,
at that time there wasn't much proof.
But then the story breaks from this TSN reporter and how the team knew,
and if that's true, you've got some issues there.
Yeah, that's brutal. That's brutal.
You've got some big issues there.
And then, you know, Paul vincent said that the shrink there that
they who they told he went to one of the players and convinced that player that it was his fault
and and that you know he shouldn't have done this or done that so it's like okay so you have this
guy covering up to to make it happen like okay to me it's like all right well if one guy's covering
up for another unless you're like somehow like doing the same thing or whatever i'm not saying
this psychologist is but what the fuck is your incentive to cover for these people for like you know what i mean like why are you
covering maybe my only other thing and and remember like you know we've been going on about
is to not yeah not disrupt anything when they think they have a chance at winning and and
ultimately like if that's the answer it's like it's it's it's beyond horrific because you know
you i mean all right i think you're i horrific because you know, you, you, I mean, all right. I think you're,
I think when you were talking you pretty much summarized it perfectly.
Thank you. All right. We can move on. So I get fucking here with this.
No buddy. You, you, we know like we all come from different backgrounds and this
is obviously that's a, means something a lot to you. And, and,
and I'm sure there's people who listening who have been through the,
through this type of thing or been around people. So it's good that you,
you stepped up and I'm sure that they're very appreciative.
Just the idea that that's your instinct to protect someone
because you know them or they might be good at their job or whatever
instead of just being like, bounce them the fuck out of there.
Anybody, not even on an accusation, but when you know they're fucking,
they're poisonous, get them the fuck out, man.
Okay, boys, we'll move along from that.
I get a little heated with the details of some of these stories.
So we do want to wish our best wishes to Sabres legend, Rene Robert,
who is recovering in Florida after he suffered a serious heart attack last week.
Part of the French connection line with Rick Martin and Gilbert Perrault.
Robert is a legend in Sabres history.
He has a statue in front of the stadium, and we wish him great health going forward. We were terribly sad to hear what happened with him,
but hopefully better days ahead.
And we also want to wish condolences to the family and friends of Minnesota
assistant general manager, Tom Curvers,
who passed away at age 58 from lung cancer, just way too young,
way too young. He was an NHL defenseman for 11 seasons.
He won a Stanley cup with the 86 Canadians.
He also won the Hobie Baker back in 1984 playing for Minnesota Duluth.
We just want to extend once again,
our condolences to his family, friends, teammates, and anybody who knew him.
Just a sad story to pass along.
Yeah. Todd Walsh introduced me to him in the press box,
my first year back in the media. and he would always stop by and chat.
Unbelievable guy.
And when he told me, when Todd Walsh told me originally what had happened,
it was like, oh, my goodness.
And obviously a very sad thing that he lost his battle.
So, all condolences, as R.A. said, an unbelievable man.
And you could tell on social media, just such a love guy.
Everybody pouring out the support today.
Absolutely. Very, very well. Like guy.
Well said biz well said again,
our condolences to his family and friends,
just an awful loss at such a young age. So G I know earlier in the show,
we mentioned the registration for the roller hockey. Now I've read street hockey.
I've read it's roller hockey. Is it roller hockey or street street hockey what is it that we're doing in detroit in august
we will do both all right there'll be roller rinks in there we'll suck on that all right well
oh wow so see all the stops so there's are there two separate tournaments there's one for roller
and just street or like well there's actually a bunch like so how we did it in the pond hockey is we have different divisions so there'll be abc division for street
and there'll be an abc division for roller so it's it's gonna be a blast like what do you think
august 6th and august 7th and it's registration opens thursday get the boys together make a video
there's also co-ed i say the boys there's also a co-ed division so get your guys together get your team together and make a video and shit i might have
to have my like fly my pads out for me if i'm gonna suit up detroit all right they asked me
they said who is on the barstool team and i and i've been meaning to text you do you want to play
goalie on the bar oh my goodness please all right i mean so at the tournament oh did you hear that
reaction i'm so rusty man i mean i haven't played
street hockey goalie in 20 years like i mean and you got two months to train time out exactly
exactly fuck off hey get the i'll come shoot on you no i'm not worried about my i'm not worried
about shots i'm just hurt with my wind i get this i get the cat like it well do uh everybody who
who ends up getting into the tournament gets to take a break away on R.A. Hey, to make it fair with all the pros, because I think we're inviting a bunch of NHLers.
I don't know if we're allowed to say who yet.
Can't say who yet.
Can't say who yet.
But we got some coming.
We're going to unveil our team.
Unveil?
Unveil?
Unveil is perfect.
Okay.
And to make it even, we should have R.A. have to be their goaltender.
I mean, if the team wants to win it, they probably don't want to sign me up for the goalie.
But I will say I'd like to get back out there again.
I just don't think I'd last all that long.
OK, I'll tell you this.
If he doesn't play net for the team, I'm playing net for that team.
Now, would the NHL players be on rollerblades or by foot?
So we'll have to talk to them because we're going to have our own Barstool team,
which is going to be in the lower divisions because, you know,
we've gotten embarrassed at the pond hockey tournaments the past few seasons.
So we'll have a Barstool team, but then they'll also be like a biz nasty team.
I don't want to do it, but it's just I can get one of those masks.
Because when I played street hockey, every kid has a mask for like the last 20 years.
But back when I played, you didn't get like an actual mask.
You know, they painted however you want.
Everyone has a fancy mask.
I never got one back then. So maybe I think most kids playing street hockey don't have like an actual mask. You know, they painted however you want. Everyone has a fancy mask. I never got one back then.
So maybe I'll try on the woodwork.
I think most kids playing street hockey don't have like a sick mask.
I think that means you've made it, all right?
I don't know, man.
I think, I don't know.
I feel like the last several years, kids, like,
if they can't afford a paint job.
I've literally never played ball hockey one time growing up
where a kid had a mask.
Literally, never once.
I don't know.
I'm not saying they spent two grand
on it but I've seen kids who like they'd show
up at like a beer league type thing or a tournament
and they get you know a pretty decent mask
with a pretty decent paint job either way
I'm just basically fishing for something to put my
fucking mantle that's all just
wrapping up here all right we're gonna pack
Thursday we're gonna package it together with your
trip to Europe that's on the house
just this Thursday registration at noon and it will be open for 24 hours.
So you have,
it will be barstoolsports.com slash hockey fest is where it's going to be a
two day event folks,
Friday,
Saturday,
we're going to stay at the casino right there.
If you end up getting in the Greek town casino,
then we're going to find,
find live entertainment for the nighttime.
I'll be there.
I'll be having a good time. Can't wait to see you all. And it's not just for people who get for the nighttime. I'll be there. I'll be having a good time. Can't
wait to see you all. And it's not just for people who get into the tournament. It's for the nighttime
party and festivities. And even during the day, if you're not involved in the ball hockey,
stop by, we're going to have drinks, we're going to have music and the night night event. We'll
try to line up a sick cover band and then a night act. And we're all going to get fucked up on pink
Whitney. And I thought the best part about the pond hockey tournament was like the party, up a sick cover band and then a night act and we're all going to get fucked up on pink whitney
and i thought the best part about the pond hockey tournament was like the party like everyone just
outdoors drinking having a good time and that was by far the best part so come no no i actually can't
wait to try the detroit style pizza which did you wear that biz wet have you tried detroit style
pizza no it's it looks similar to a sicilian slice, but it's a square pizza.
It's very specific to Detroit.
I haven't had it yet, but I'm very much looking forward to it.
R.A.'s like, it's called Little Caesars.
We know.
Suck it.
All right, boys, moving right along.
McCain Quick Cook Fries are a new fry innovation that allows you to cook fries in half
the time of traditional McCain fries. McCain cooks them longer so you don't have to and there's no
flipping required. That's nice so you don't take them out of the oven when they're piping hot.
These are made from 100 real potatoes and they're crispy on the outside, soft on the inside. You can
air fry them in six to eight minutes or for a healthy alternative you
can bake them in the oven for 10 so check out mccainpotatoes.com to see where you can find
mccain's in a freezer aisle near you they're so great with salsa cheese dressing and of course
ketchup and they're the perfect fun snack app or side dish to enjoy with friends and family
once again check out mccainpotatoes.com for all your potato needs.
I'm a huge French fry guy.
Okay, gang, as promised, we're back.
Well, we said we were coming back after game five between Tampa and the Islanders,
and, well, it's been such a blowout, we decided we could start early.
6-0 after the second period.
They've since made it 7-0.
Braden Point has extended his goal point streak to eight straight games
with a goal in the playoffs.
Impressive as hell.
And obviously the island is about to go down three games to two.
Biz, what did you see in the intermission for us here?
Well, I guess first things first,
I got to point out Cologne in the playoff that he's had.
I think I mentioned it last part of the pod before,
and he kind of had that start where you're like,
wow, they're going to get another plot.
I mean, they got Point, they got Stammer, they got Cooch,
they got the big boys on the back end getting it done.
Of course, you got Vazzy.
Who's going to be the other guy?
I mean, even Yanni Gord, throw him in the mix.
But as far as Killorn's concerned, even that goal he scored tonight,
well, the first one, excuse me, he starts the playoff, goes to the net,
pokes at it, keeps it alive, ends up going up to the top,
and then he finishes off.
So not only is he starting it, he's keeping it alive,
and then he finishes it.
And right from that moment there, that game was over.
And then the shit kicking ensued, Whit.
Yeah, I mean, it's nice of the Islanders, though,
to send Bridgeport's team up for the game
because you got to get those guys rested for the home game.
I think that's going to make it that much more special,
the last game and the call on Wednesday.
So, I mean, what was it, 50 seconds it took Stammer?
30 seconds?
What was it?
We had just finished.
I went downstairs.
It was 1-0.
You basically gave him, like I said on Twitter, telepathic.
It was a pump-up.
He felt it through the waves because he got two of them since you said
it.
Yeah.
And then the second one, just a beautiful one touch their power plays a
joke.
We've talked about that the last two years, it seems.
But yeah, you know what?
If you're an Islanders player, it really like you'd rather lose like this
than two one and double OT.
It's like it doesn't matter.
It's the age old playoff saying doesn't matter.
The score, a loss is a loss, and then they go home.
I think it probably ends.
I think it does end Wednesday night, which now means it's going seven.
But you guys know what I'm saying.
I'm all over the map.
But it's the shit kicking.
What are you going to say?
So Avery touched on the fact that Cooch can be invisible some nights,
other nights, electrifying.
Now, I haven't seen many of his off nights,
but you just mentioned that goal by the goal by stammer the second one he starts that playoff he gets the
pass on his backhand he cradles it he doesn't it doesn't even come to a stop and as soon as he
cradles it it's right back the other way in one motion to keep the whole play alive on the pp and
how he kind of backhands it right back to headman up top who i believe is the one who set up right over the the fact that he was able to cradle it and then send it back to headman
around the defender stick it's just world-class folks and that was uh going back to the class
language that was an outclassing i think that uh point two early on on he made a defensive play
a puck went to I think it was
Bolivier it was one of the killer
beelines and he came from out of nowhere
stripped him of the puck
saved a chance against
he continues the scoring streak R.A. mentioned
I know Petrangelo
is right there but I think point right now
is running away with or not running away with
but the leader in the con Smythe,
if you're looking at through so far,
just what an outstanding player.
And,
and,
and Kucherov,
I guess the off nights would be,
you know,
he'll throw a couple whole passes that for the most part,
he can complete with regular ease,
but sometimes he'll do it a little lackadaisical and maybe just take
nights off.
But when he wants to go, he's just one of the best in the world.
I guess the main concern for the Islanders going back,
I don't think Barzy's going to get a game for that.
And if anything, going back to the start of the play,
Ruda, is that how you say his last name?
Yeah, and Ruda.
And yeah, I mentioned the cross-check too.
He was cross-checking Palmieri in the back. I think he gave him like three in front of the net. I think it was Pajot. I think it was-check too. He was cross-checking Palmieri in the back.
I think he gave him like three in front of the net.
I think it was Pajot.
I think it was Pajot.
Okay, excuse me.
It was Pajot.
And then finally he goes back up ice and he's joshing with Barzell.
And I'll tell you what, Witt.
I can't remember a playoff where there's been this much stick work.
Not like punching and scrums,
but they're having like cross-check fights out there.
You saw McDonough and uh in nelson right beforehand where nelson ended up catching some sweet sweet chin music
and very similar on the barzell play with ruda where they're just having a cross-check match
and then next thing you know barzell's uh you know i would say i would say he got the side of his head
now would you say it was a little bit of a flop? Yeah, I didn't even...
It was kind of hard to tell if
it was definitely stick instead of glove.
But either way,
right after I saw the replay a couple
times, I figured no way he gets
suspended. No.
I don't think so, but five in a game is fine.
Especially to completely
deactivate... Diffuse.
Diffuse. Fucking crazy. i was right in your brain though
there bud i got you deactivate the tension biz if you want to say it's getting late guys it's
getting late yeah and uh what's his face vasilevsky hasn't really been challenged all that much just
14 shots on goal from the island this just is total domination from from tampa bay right now
offensively defensively and honestly whip by now we should know when this team loses in the playoffs,
basically bet the shit out of them the next game.
I did tonight.
Regulation.
Three-way.
Yeah, how's your fucking stupid Merle special I played?
Not that Merle's stupid, but me playing it tonight.
Well, there's still time left.
Yeah, they could get seven.
We're good.
They're good.
Biz, I know you wanted to mention Luke Shen got in the lineup tonight.
He hadn't played the last game.
And after two periods, almost nine minutes of ice time.
So, obviously, with a big lead, they can spread the ice out.
But good to see him getting involved.
Yeah, this is his seventh game, first of this series.
And Cernak went down or down the tunnel last game with that shoulder issue
or anything upper body it looked like.
And I thought he filled in well.
And then when push came to shove in front of the net with Martin,
I think he's probably like, Hey, I'll trade off with this guy.
Let's get these meat heads off the ice and,
and survive this one and head to long Island healthy.
So I thought he filled in great. And you know,
those are the types of depth players that you're going to need throughout the
course of a run.
You mentioned going back to long Island. Of course,
this is definitely the last game of the series at the Coliseum.
Could be the very last game ever at the Coliseum.
And, you know, say what you will about it lately,
but this is a place where the Islanders won four consecutive Stanley Cups
in the building, not just like playing the regular season.
Each of their four cups they won inside.
That's a very rare feat to have.
So that building has a ton of history.
It doesn't matter who's on the team now or whatever.
It would be fitting if they won their last
game there. Well, send it back to Tampa and then
who knows what goes on from there.
So some big history for Frankie
Borelli will be going down one way or the other
Wednesday night.
Well, Frankie,
they've gone through the first
two and a half rounds just as they planned, right? I mean, they've gone through the first two and a half rounds
just as they planned, right?
I mean, they're flying around.
They got their watch parties going at Pirelli.
And then for some reason tied with one of the best teams to ever do it.
2-2.
He hangs up lights.
The guy spent all day hanging up Islanders lights
and then shuts the lights off and just has these new like Christmas lights up and they're down seven, nothing.
So I don't know what he's thinking, changing up what he'd been doing prior.
And those lights better be gone.
Those should be gone by the end of this period.
Yeah.
He can't be doing that shit.
Midstream.
Why would you switch it up like that?
I have no idea.
I feel like we've been, we've been cheated a little bit,
at least on recent cup winners as far as winning them at home.
I guarantee you maybe 10 of the last 15 cup winners have been on the road.
Yeah, I think that sounds about right.
I might be able to tell you.
You tell me who won it, and I'll tell you where it was won.
All right, do you want to read them off?
2015.
Who was it?
Chicago Blackhawks won.
They won that one at home.
Versus?
Against who?
We couldn't figure it out.
Tampa.
Oh, he's good.
He's good.
He knows.
Pittsburgh won both theirs on the road.
Yep.
They definitely won 08 in the road.
Sorry.
B's on the road, obviously.
Kings won one at home. Kings won one at home.
Kings won both at home, right?
Did they really?
Yeah.
Oh, my God.
Could you imagine?
Blackhawks won Philly on the road, 15 at home.
Who was their other title against?
Who else did they beat in the cup final?
Austin.
Oh!
Boston, I didn't remember.
People think I'm a Bruins fan.
I don't give a fuck about that.
People think I need fucking Zoloft because they lost
the playoffs.
People think I'm a Bruins fan.
Jump on the Coyotes wagon, bud.
Never.
Houston Coyotes.
All right, boys.
Any other stuff you want to add from this game before we head
into game six and the rest of the stuff?
We good?
We're good.
I mean, it was kind of a humdrum game.
By the time we stopped taping earlier, it was already three-nothing,
and then three other quick ones, and boom, the game's over.
I mean, it becomes kind of uneventful by the huge score.
So either way, Tampa waxed their ass,
and they're going to look to close it out on Wednesday night.
All right, moving right along.
John Rahm was 10-1.
He won the U.S. Open, like Witt what said I did not bet him. He was huge shock.
Well, huge shock. He was the chalk. So I didn't do nothing with him,
but congrats to anybody who did, but I can't say it's a huge surprise,
but not this.
Yeah. The guy just owns that course and pretty cool interview after he won.
He talked about staying positive after, you know,
he had that tournament
pretty much wrapped up the last time he played at the memorial and he tested positive for covid
we all we all went over that and he actually was very i don't think the word's complimentary but
he was talking about how the tour did everything they should have done and that they had to do he
wasn't like bitter about it and he talked about just staying positive and it was cool he also mentioned the course um
Torrey in San Diego it's like there's the morning says marine layer and he mentioned like it was
reminded him of where he grew up and like the type of course around where he grew up and like the
weather and I just think it was cool to to see a guy who phil mickelson knew when he was in college he'd be a
top 10 player in the world like immediately out of school he actually there's a funny um story
biz you know the podcast you went on with colt nost and um his partner subpar yes yes so they
do a great job and oh yeah they're awesome coltose played on the tour for a while. Now he's doing TV work at CBS.
He tells this story how Mickelson came up to him and was like,
yeah, there's this kid at ASU, John Rahm.
He'll be top 10 player in the world a year from today.
And he was still in college at the time.
And Colt Nose is like, what are you talking about?
Like, no chance.
And he's like, no, I'll bet you 10 grand.
And sure as shit, i think with like 100
days to go he was already top 10 he got out of school and got he had some starts in the tour
ripped it up top 10 in the world and colt knows that colt knows had to pay phil mickelson 10 g's
because he was just a phenom and so his coach at arizona state was was mickelson's ph Phil Mickelson's brother, Tim. And he left Arizona State coaching job to be this kid's agent
when he turned pro.
And now he actually caddies for his brother, Phil.
So I don't know if he still is an agent, but I know at the time
that was kind of what was going on because he was one of those, you know,
Crosby can't miss type guys.
And his coach told him at the time,
I think the first major you win is going to be a U.S. Open, and it was.
So cool story.
And a guy who's just  he's set up to do this for a while.
Yeah, the mental strength to come back.
I thought his whole walk-off situation, so he birdies 17 with a sick putt,
which basically bent around a corner.
It was 90 degrees then birdies
the 18th to take the lead kisses his uh wife and then she hands him his baby on father's day he
gives the baby a kiss on the forehead puts it in his arms and walks off that's like i know i mean
to and then you win the major that's just that's as cool. That's like fucking Kenny power shit. I know. And that Louie who stays in this guy won the British open 2011.
I think he ran away with it.
And since then,
I think he has seventh,
seven second place finishes in majors.
He's just,
he's the skies of,
you know,
one of the most beautiful swings in the world.
And he's just a,
such a natural at the game of golf.
And he hasn't been able to close it out.
There's an unreal video of him singing an Adele song.
I can't think of the name of the song.
It's all over.
Oh, the sad one.
Like, well, she's got a million sad ones.
It's not even that.
I will rise up.
That song?
I'll rise up today.
I can't think of the beat, but i know the rise of words because
it was actually made a few years ago he finished second in all four majors
kind of like that exactly pretty much so um he ends up kind of blowing it and and funny enough
people people said like he he didn't go for the green and two on 18 which
is a par five and he needed to make eagle but he knew he was in the rough he had a bad lie there's
no chance he had a better chance of holding a wedge from the fairway and i mean he probably
hit it to 12 feet but it didn't go in and and rom was your champion so i i didn't love the course
i don't i don't think it's necessarily like the most amazing
course to watch on tv uh they have a tour event every year which I think kind of hinders it in
my mind because you know majors they're they're played at a course that there isn't an event that
you're at right it's it's it's its own special entity that season uh besides the masters every
year but that's the only thing they do there. And it wasn't that exciting,
but Sunday certainly lived up because they had some big names and then guys
started dropping off Bryson DeChambeau. Oh my God.
This guy's cruising around. He shoots 44 on the back nine Sunday.
And then after he's like, I didn't get the breaks. It's like, dude,
you shot eight over. What do you mean? You didn't get the breaks.
So at one point he was leading and Kepco was second, though.
At one point, I thought we might see an eight person playoff where we all know you go 18 holes.
I don't know how they switched it.
Oh, they got rid of that.
The US Open had that for a while and then they got rid of it.
So the last one that would have ever been is at that course when Tiger went against Rocco for 19 holes.
He had the broken leg.
One thing I find pretty humorous is when they're going around
from golfer to golfer, and all of a sudden they'll cut back to Bryson,
and he's just like the way he's like teeing up at the ball,
how intense he is compared to everybody else,
and he's like ready to fucking cork the thing.
So I find that a little
here and then of course the guy who ran out there with a wedge and a couple balls i don't know if
he was completely naked but he just went great swing on him too he did he did he but but i mean
so what does he get a night in jail i don't know i know that i know that if you do that at like
fenway park you fuck i think you legit are spending the night in jail. I think it's pretty serious to do that.
I don't know if a golf course is different.
Yeah, it depends what state you are and all that shit.
I'm sure if you did that at Augusta, you'd probably be doing fucking 30 days.
Oh, no, you're dead.
You're dead.
There's a hole in the ground off to the fairway, and you're falling in it,
and somebody's down there with a torture chamber.
I know he wasn't close at all, Witt, and he ended up third because of just the way the day played out.
But I had a third place finish, a Harris English 100-1.
But it wasn't like I sniffed it.
You know what I mean?
He wasn't close at all.
It's just the way the day finished on Sunday.
But another bronze medal for you, buddy.
I don't know if you boys watched the NBA.
Two Game 7s this weekend.
And we have a pretty cool Final Four in the NBA.
I know what we have some fun with it,
but two of the Final Four NBA teams have never won the title,
Phoenix or the Clippers.
Milwaukee last won it back in 1971 with Kareem Abdul-Jabbar,
star of airplane, and Atlanta last won it in 1958
back when they were based in St. Louis.
But the pair of Game 7s, gee, I don't know.
Did you watch the Game 7s at all over the weekend?
I did.
I did.
That Kevin Durant shot at the end of the game was insane.
That Durant shot, like losing by two.
And I didn't realize how close his foot was because I was watching the hockey,
so I was going back and forth.
I mean, another two inches, they win that game and the series and the season,
but he only ties it.
And then he has a shitty overtime.
He, like, throws up an air ball, throws up a couple of bad shots.
He just looked out of gas at that point.
Giannis was unreal and overtime.
And then Atlanta do it.
I mean, as an old school Celtics fan,
there's nothing better than watching Philly and like Brooklyn losing the
same weekend, especially like Kyrie after we, he had like a little bit.
And what a, what a joke Kyrie is.
He's on the bench.
He's not even playing.
He's trying to be coach.
It's like, yeah, he is the most disliked athlete maybe out there right now.
Yeah.
Boston just try to love the guy and he's just like all active, all pissy.
It's like, don't fuck yourself, bro.
So yeah, it was good to watch him lose.
And then that kid, Trey young man, he's unreal.
I'm not the biggest NBA guy, but I've taken a liking to him during the playoffs.
So I don't know, as a guy who watches the NBA on the side a little bit, it's great to
have four teams who typically aren't in it, man.
It's nice to have some fresh blood in there.
Oh, also, too,
how about Ben Simmons, right? He took
what? He didn't take one shot
in the fourth quarter of the last four games.
And then he passed up an easy
layup with like two minutes left to tie the
game, and he passed it away.
It's like, like dude how was this
guy playing in the nba like how is he fucking no he's not just playing in the nba either he signed
170 million yeah that's what's crazy what's crazy though is like yeah you could get all over him and
no doubt everyone everyone is all over him but he must have something mentally like kind of oh for
sure because for sure that layup clip like that shows like this kid's like, he's like broken.
That was the shocking thing where he's so afraid of failure at this point
that he's a shell of himself.
And I don't even know basketball, but you could show that play
and then tell the stat of not even taking a shot.
And you know, this guy is mentally messed up.
He's the guy you paid paid to be the guy
and then like when you're like who wants to take the shot he's like hiding behind in the fucking
back of the bench he doesn't even attempt three pointers he rarely shoots from a from a from a
distance and what's his position he's he's a he's a point guard god he's a point guard yeah eight
eight nothing tampa uh when did they sign him to 170 million?
Probably when that fucking GM was worrying about his burner account as opposed to maybe the players he was signing.
And then I guess they supposedly could have traried him for hard
at the beginning of the year.
Now you'll be lucky to get a huge puck bag for him.
I mean, that's pathetic, dude.
He didn't take a shot in the fourth quarter.
Somebody put him on the Shanghai Sharks roster on Wikipedia.
That's obscene. a shot in the fourth quarter somebody put him on the shanghai sharks roster on wikipedia mind you i think he took two shots or three shots in the whole series in the fourth quarter and he was three for three so yeah so that's yeah you almost feel bad for him i mean
people scoff at the idea of feeling bad for somebody with that much money but it's like
something's wrong with him no doubt philly's had a few guys they also had that other kid they drafted who faults faults when he he had
a shoulder injury going into the draft and i think that they were being told that maybe avoid it and
they picked him up and then he basically forgot how to shoot right he could yeah he had like he
had the yips yips did is he still in the nba i think he's somewhere he's playing orlando and
he actually got paid he actually got paid he's somewhere he's playing orlando and he actually
got paid he actually got paid he had a good they all get paid yeah he had everyone in the nba makes
bank fourth liners get like 10 sheets a year yeah yeah well only 12 guys in the roster man
that league makes a shitload of money so hey god bless him just like fucking grand is making it
i don't know if i have anything else here boys boys. This is a long one. Big thanks to Kerry Frazier for popping by and Aves.
Yeah.
I thought I had something else.
Yeah, I know.
Actually, we were talking about Mickey Rourke last week,
about his various roles, and one of our listeners sent in,
I guess I got the tweet right here.
I forget what.
See, there's a segment on our local news in Newfoundland
where they announce birthdays and anniversaries.
Somebody submitted this and they added it,
and it said, Max and Geraldine Bailey, happy anniversary.
And it's a picture of Mickey Rourke and Axl Rose.
I said he looked like Axl Rose.
Remember when I said he looked like Axl Rose last podcast?
Exactly.
Is that why you were reading it off
yeah but just so having somebody
happen to send this in prior to our show
like even before
Axl Rose and Mickey Rourke
but Axl Rose definitely looks like
Geron and this thing because he's had his
face lifted so much and his hair pulled back
I don't know
it's fucking funny shit I tweeted
the other day we'll do
it again too biz you cut your hair no i just i just put my hat on real quick before you fold
up this is batman eat pussy or not yeah what was all that about what was there they're having like
a marvel batman eating pussy contest or something yeah no, no, basically Wait, where is this from?
It was
I think one of the shows wanted to do a
scene where they wanted to have
Batman eating Catwoman's pussy
and in DC, comics
was like, no, you can't do that because he's a hero
and we need to sell action figures
with our heroes, so basically
heroes don't do that
and then people blogged about it and talked about it,
but then what's his name? Zack Snyder, who of course is, you know,
done a bunch of DC movies.
Apparently there is a panel from one of the Batman comics and he called it,
you know, when they call it Canon, like C A N O N.
It's like, it means it's part of the fictional history of a thing.
Like Star Wars Canon is like, you know,
Han Solo's from this planet start, you know what I mean? I do not not know what I mean I know it's kind of nerdy fucking no no but
I'm following but so so it's like that's part of canon so he found this old clip another old clip
in a panel from a prior Batman in his Batman like with his face buried in Catwoman's between her
legs and was like canon in other words like yeah Batman does eat pussy it just became this weird
talking point on the internet and Twitter
and obviously got blogged about.
And basically, they don't want to acknowledge it
because they're going to try to sell toys.
But in the history of the comic, yes, Batman does indeed eat pussy.
So I figured you were hip to that, Biz, because, you know,
you're fucking reading all these weird shit.
Ben's old lady brings it home, slaps it on the table.
Even fucking Batman does it.
This is why you dressed up as Robin.
I think you should start reading comic books, honey.
Also, too, we mentioned summertime.
Our bathing suits have dropped.
We said it earlier.
We're going to say it again.
We have trunks.
We have bikinis, all kinds of good stuff.
Get some chicklets gear, because honestly,
the best way to meet fun people during the summer,
have a chicklets bikini on. You say's up you listen to the show boom boom boom
next thing you know i don't know hopefully you're getting down probably the worst example i could
have ever heard of in a million years but i will buy one now because you sell it bitch have you
said have you guys seen have you guys have you seen this guy at barstool by you ben he's lost like 50 bets in a row what's he betting on college
baseball and he's like gotten everyone into college baseball and every team he picks has
lost including tonight it happened again and not only did the team he picked tonight lose
he's making a video talking about how it's the fifth inning or whatever. And the pitchers are in the biggest duel and then no runners,
no hits.
And in the middle of him filming this video,
this dude hits a home run.
He's literally as cold as a human being can get gambling.
And Dave Portnoy is all over this.
What's his name?
What's his name on social?
Bayou Ben. He's from like? What's his name on social? By you, Ben.
He's from like Mississippi.
Yeah, Ben Mintz.
Yeah, you know, Ben.
Mintzy, they call him. Oh, OK.
OK, cool.
All right.
Did you meet him?
I haven't met him yet.
I think I met him when we were down there last time.
Yeah.
Yeah.
You met him when you were there last time, Biz?
Yeah.
At some point.
Just talking about the pitchers doing crack.
Or actually, it would be a different noise.
Don't they use aluminum in college, or did they get rid of that?
No, they use aluminum.
Let's check.
That doesn't make much sense to me to use aluminum bats in college.
No, I don't like it either.
You know what?
I mean, not a lot of these guys, but there's guys going to the majors,
and there's guys that will certainly play single, double, triple-A.
And aluminum bats, the ball could kill somebody.
It's coming off.
I wonder how much faster it comes off.
It would be a great question for somebody to send me the answer tomorrow.
If we're talking about other sports, I think it's important to mention
Wayne Gretzky, Dustin Johnson, and a couple other guys got together
and they bought an NLL team, lacrosse, National Lacrosse League.
They bought a team and they're putting it in Vegas.
Vegas is going to have every single sport known to man
on top of the four majors.
Yeah, what basketball team will go to Vegas?
I think they might have  how many teams they got in the league are, eh?
I thought they had 32 already.
I mean, because you usually don't want to go more than 32.
But then again, if you can make money, they put Brooklyn there.
I feel like they got like no culture there or put on.
Nobody cares.
Like this.
Put like the Sacramento Kings.
Like, yeah, that's a better answer.
Good call.
Yeah.
Sacramento.
Actually, Oklahoma is taking a liking to their team,
even though they ended up with it by accident
because Seattle dropped the fucking ball.
Only other thing I had in my phone, boys,
was Milan Lucci crushing a beer outside of
Two beers.
Two beers in the Lucci t-shirt.
I said that we should get an NHL beer chugging bracket going where maybe they could meet
up on ig live and do them and there's like a bracket challenge or we just pick the fans pick
who they think would win chugging a beer but i think that actually doing it would get them going
a lot more i played with a guy who crushed beer so quick i don't remember who it was though
actually no the nba doesn't have 32 teams. So yeah, I think
100 you'll see a team in Vegas
within like three or four years.
Because they can build a place like that. They can obviously
use the place where the Knights
play already, but even if they want to do
a new building out there, that'd be no problem.
Yeah. I for some were an even
number 32 number of teams, but
they'll definitely... It's kind of legit. Hockey
was the first one in Vegas.
Yeah.
And that might make them the city's favorites forever.
And it's crazy too.
It just shows you how fucking stupid the hypocrisy was like,
Oh,
if we put a team there,
there'll be subject to like,
you know,
corruption and they'll drop,
they'll like shave points or whatever.
It's like,
no,
they won't like it.
The fucking excuse never made sense.
They just use it as a reason to.
So,
all right, boys, just before we wrap it up, I want to give a shout out to our listener, Fritz Peterson, No, they won't. The fucking excuse never made sense. They just used it as a reason to.
All right, boys, just before we wrap it up,
I want to give a shout-out to our listener, Fritz Peterson.
Biz, he used both of us in his yearbook quote.
His yearbook quote was, Biz likes that, by R.A.
I thought that was quite a gesture because I never actually had a yearbook,
unfortunately.
You're going places, kid.
I didn't get one as a senior.
They supposedly lost our information, so that will have to serve as my yearbook.
But I think that about rounds it up for the week for this episode, boys.
I think that should do.
Everybody, have a fantastic week. Enjoy the playoffs.
And the next time you talk to us, we will have Stanley Cup final participants.
Peace.
Have a good one.
As always, we have to say thanks to our terrific sponsors here on spit and chiclets. Big thanks to everybody at new Amsterdam vodka and pink Whitney.
Huge.
Thanks to everybody over at body.
I'm keeping us hydrated.
Thanks to everybody at Labatt blue.
Big.
Thanks to everybody over at simply safe, but keeping us safe.
Huge.
Thanks to everybody over at tailor made and big.
Thanks to everybody at all of. And finally. And big thanks to everybody at Olive.
And finally, huge thanks to everybody at McCain and Palladius.
Check them out if you're looking for a nice snack.
Have a great week, all.
