Hey, Spittin' Chicklets listeners, you can find every episode on Apple Podcasts,
Spotify, or YouTube. Prime members can listen ad-free on Amazon Music.
Hello, everybody.
Welcome to episode 344 of Spittin' Chicklets,
presented by Pink Whitney.
For my friends at New Amsterdam Vodka,
here in the Barstool Sports Podcast family.
What is up, gang?
The protection lists are in.
We've got a buyout shocker in many.
Philly grabs a high-end D-man.
We got a huge double interview later for you two guys at
once and i am back on u.s soil but let's say oh lots of the boys for us producer mikey grinnelly
in manhattan what's up guy what's going on boys lots of hockey talk for today and all right i
cannot wait to hear some of these colombian stories so let's get into it oh absolutely
let's do this let's say hi to the boys for us though biz nasty paul bisonette what's up buddy uh pretty pretty busy week going back to last episode uh potential
fight with jake paul i know uh dave portnoy was kicking up some dust i would love to cave that
guy's face in um he said that he wouldn't uh he what was his quote i think that he basically said
that he would knock me out because he only wants to fight experienced fighters.
Now, mind you, he's fighting guys who are about a foot shorter than him,
who are out of shape.
Now he's moving on to Tyrone Woodley, who's an ex-UFC champion.
Now this guy's obviously a little bit more legitimate
than that Ben Askren guy, but I tell you what, man,
we get the whole barstool spitting chicklets machine behind this.
I would definitely knock that guy out in a five-round bout.
I think that's how many rounds they go, right?
Five?
I don't even know if they go three or five.
Yeah.
The line where he said, like, you have to give me someone experienced was so
did he know what he was saying?
Like, he's done the exact opposite of that
i don't know but you think a guy worth that much money would uh would invest in some exfoliant
or and or face wash because i don't know i'd be afraid to fight him his whole fucking head
might explode because it looks like a big giant giant zit now moving away from that uh busy
weekend we might be adding another member to the family we uh we're gonna adopt another dog so i
think this week we're gonna to have to go back.
No,
no,
no.
Whoa,
whoa,
whoa,
whoa,
whoa,
whoa,
whoa,
whoa,
whoa,
whoa,
whoa,
whoa,
whoa,
whoa,
whoa,
whoa,
whoa,
whoa,
whoa,
whoa,
whoa,
whoa,
whoa,
whoa,
whoa,
whoa,
whoa,
whoa,
whoa,
whoa,
whoa,
whoa,
whoa,
whoa,
whoa,
whoa,
whoa,
whoa,
whoa,
whoa,
whoa,
whoa,
whoa,
whoa,
whoa,
whoa,
whoa,
whoa,
whoa,
whoa,
whoa,
whoa,
whoa,
whoa,
whoa,
whoa,
whoa,
whoa,
whoa,
whoa,
whoa,
whoa,
whoa,
whoa,
whoa,
whoa,
whoa,
whoa,
whoa,
whoa,
whoa,
whoa,
whoa,
whoa,
whoa,
whoa,
whoa,
whoa,
whoa,
whoa,
whoa,
whoa,
whoa,
whoa,
whoa,
whoa,
whoa,
whoa,
whoa,
whoa,
whoa,
whoa,
whoa,
whoa,
whoa,
whoa,
whoa, whoa, I'm going to need some help from all you spit and chicklets fans. As far as picking a name, we have a list of Albert Maverick Lloyd.
Let me check out the other ones here too.
I got a few more.
I'm a big fan of people names for dogs, like traditional people names.
Like what up Fred?
Yeah.
We got Walter.
Potentially Walter.
You look like a Walter right, right now.
R.A.
Archie, Rusty, Trip, Moose, Buck.
And I don't know if I've said Ralphie yet,
but those are the main contenders right now.
If you guys have any names that you want to submit that I can take a look at.
What kind of dog is?
It is a wired hair something.
I don't know all these.
Holy fuck.
Holy shit.
What was he, a coy for you found in the desert
are they in the desert katie's the dog person it's like a wire hair uh something with a lab mix
okay it's a it's a bit of a mutt but he's a cutie and we're thinking about adding him to the family
aside from that ra another news story popped up and i know that you're behind this one. Okay. Shark advocates call for rebranding of violent attacks as interactions.
So this has to be you behind this, RA,
given the fact that you're barking about them announcing these shark attacks on the news.
So keep a lookout for that.
So no longer are they going to be called shark attacks or announced,
and they're more of interactions.
I'm doing Piaf and La La Land where those people live they'll be called shark interactions but the guy who gets his arm bitten
off by a fucking hammerhead do they even bite uh bull shark a bull hammerheads bulls are the
meanest out there but i said hammerhead first do they bite bulls hammerheads are bad too
bull sharks have generally known as the worst of the... Yeah, bulls will take you down. But if a bull shark bites a guy, he's not calling an interaction.
I got the name of the dog.
It's a wired-haired, pointing, griffin lab mix, and it's black.
Jesus Christ.
That's quite a mouthful.
Wired-haired, pointed griffin.
They're German dogs.
Okay.
So keep that in mind when submitting your names.
Oh, my God.
I just remembered.
Was it George the rocker?
Somebody I played with her business.
Maybe this is your story.
I don't know if I'm messing things up in my brain,
but somebody bought like a very expensive German shepherd from German.
And then the thing only knew German.
Oh,
the dog,
the dog,
George.
And I forgot to, why am I thinking that That was George and I forgot to.
Why am I thinking that was George?
We're like, yeah, like I bought an authentic German shepherd from Germany,
but it didn't know any English.
My brother has a German shepherd and he only does commands in German.
Oh, yeah.
He said it understands it better.
But I asked Uncle Chaps.
What are you moaning and groaning under your breath for over there?
I mean, are you familiar with world history at all?
Oh, well, fuck, you hate England more than you hate Germany.
I never said that.
I said, how do you root for England?
We didn't get Germany to make the final, so I never got to Germany.
Well, the guys they fought with Italy did.
And people said I messed up World War I.
Apparently, Italy wasn't as bad in World War I as they were in World War II.
I'm not a history major.
I'm a math guy.
Sorry for interrupting.
I've done it a lot already.
That's all right.
The whole episode.
You're good.
The Whit Dog, Ryan Whitney, I noticed you're back from Nantucket.
Did you have anything interesting go on down there?
It was a great time.
We got a place there last year, and it's nice.
We rented out pretty much all year.
Keep a couple weeks here and there.
So we went down.
My parents came, and then my brother
colin and his girl came and my other brother's out in san francisco it was all family gathering
minus sean and his wife casey so we're hanging and i'll bring this up because it was a good
argument now listen like the kids were asleep and like i think you know from listening to this pod
it gets loud like i'll be arguing with people just as my family does. It's a loud group.
So this is, this got pretty heated and I'm interested to hear your opinions on it.
My wife went down the store and she was picking up some stuff. We were in a grill for dinner
and she pulls into the lot and there's a parking spot open. And she sees this woman is standing in
it, physically standing in it. And she, you you know she's like what's going on she's
like i'm saving the spot she's like what and immediately i'm like you can't do that you can't
stand in a parking spot like the cars go in there if a car is double parked and he's got his blinkers
on and you know somebody leaving yeah he's waiting for that spot he's kind of saving it a human being can't stand in the spot well then all of a sudden my brother colin bumps in with
this girl they're both like no no you could stand in a spot i think that's a legal move i said
colin what so this goes on where he did my dad was with me my mom was with me we're like no
humans can't stand in spots i said you know what this has to go to checklists
i gotta get the guy's opinions i gotta get the listeners opinions colin listen to me right now
you've never listened to a podcast so you're not listening but if you see this highlight if you
stand as a human being in your clothes in a fucking parking spot and try telling people
driving by they can't park there you're the craziest motherfucker i've ever met and i'll say this here and now if somebody is in a spot
standing or maybe they're doing like a lunge to hold up as much as the spot they can and i needed
the spot i would say i'm getting in that spot and if they said we're not moving i would take my phone
out and i would film the whole interaction as i went whatever 0.5 miles per hour and just bumped into them until they moved.
Because you can't physically hold a spot
standing up not in a vehicle
for somebody that's coming later.
They dare you to hit them.
What do you guys think?
I'm so stubborn that if they were standing in the spot,
I would block the parking space
so they wouldn't be able to pull in
even when they got there. So it's like, hey, you want to, yeah, I would block the parking space so they wouldn't be able to pull in even when
they got there.
He said, it's like, it's like, hey, you want to, hey, you want to, yeah, I could play your
game too.
It's like the Seinfeld when George and the other guy waited all night.
Overnight, they waited.
One guy, that wasn't with a stander though.
I think George from Seinfeld would have just killed the guy if he was standing, but it
was more of that argument was I pulled the head of the spot to back in the correct way you're supposed to parallel park and then some guy tried doing the
front front squeeze in and that's an old tv show but yeah so i'm glad to hear you guys are on my
side the only excuse already that i could give is like if it's if it's something where they're
going to be there within like 60 seconds to maybe a couple minutes where they just it's just like
hey run over grab that spot
first in the car yeah oh i was just trying to defend the other side but i think it's absolutely
ridiculous and that should should not happen ra have you ever been in a situation like that
with someone getting out of the spot to stand there i don't think i've ever seen it or had
anyone do it i mean if you do it you got to be within like 30 seconds of pocket like you have
to be banging a u-turn like like like what just said from seinfeld or if you got to be within 30 seconds of parking. You have to be banging a U-turn, like Whit just said from Seinfeld.
You've got to be within 50 yards. I don't think you can hold it
for two, three minutes, but the thing is
you probably can because unless someone like Whit comes
along and barrels into you with their car, most
people aren't going to have their bluff call. Then the people are just
going to say, fuck it. They can have the spot.
As far as turning around to park the right way in the street,
I don't know. If the spot
is there, you should be able to nail it pretty easy.
A plot twist.
It was Fudge Kid's mom. I don't know. I mean, if you if you if I said that you should be able to nail it pretty easy. A plot twist. Plot twist.
It was fudge kids, mom.
Just ruining your lives.
I do.
I walked by fudge fudge place right after I got off the boat.
So I said this.
I said, call.
I'll give you this.
If it's if it's a big, you know, football stadium parking lot and it's a tailgate.
OK, because, you know, you want to be and it's a tailgate. Okay. Because, you know,
you want to be next to your buddies and there's so many other spots,
but if you're on like a one, a one way where you have to parallel, no, no,
no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no.
And big Dan Whitney came through with an ultimate argument, kind of sealer.
It was kind of over for my brother and his girl, Claire, after this, he said,
Colin, you can't
walk through a drive-thru you cannot walk through a drive-thru if you walk through a drive-thru at
mcdonald's we ain't serving you you got to be in a car the same way you got to be in a car to save
a parking spot is that true you can't walk through can't walk through a drive-thru i tried going
through a drive-thru serve you on a bike before drive-thru. They won't serve you. On a bike before. They wouldn't serve me on a bike once.
They won't serve anyone that's not in a car.
Yeah.
I mean, that's why I figured I'm on a bike.
I'm on wheels.
I'm driving through.
They should fucking serve me.
But you're not everything but rollerblades coming back from Columbia.
I would say 98 of people who listen to this podcast have common sense and would agree with your take.
And then the other 2-
Yeah, Colin, this is not going to be good for you, bud love you yeah yeah the other two percent uh i don't know hey so i'm sorry i'm sorry
to you know get away from the hockey talk but that was that came right into my mind oh we had
another one too i'll bring that up later well it's not it's not happening in columbia there's no way
that that that's happening down there already or you'd get a bullet in the back of the head
biz can you believe they stopped this guy for a random bag stretch at Logan Airport
when I returned to this country from Columbia?
Imagine that.
Some listener working at TSA.
I think they were just reading all the fucking woof jokes
in my Twitter replies for the last two weeks.
And they're like, well, see what this guy was dumb enough to do.
But yeah, dog came by for a sniff.
I waited in customs.
I flew in from Panama to Boston, which, by the way,
what a gorgeous flight.
It's all water.
You can go right over Cuba, right over the Bahamas.
You can see like Myrtle Beach and Manhattan in the distance.
I mean, if you're a guy who likes to look out the window on a flight, absolutely gorgeous views.
But, you know, I land there's like two windows open at customs at Logan.
It takes forever. I finally get my bag and two guys there.
And they were very nice. They were doing their job very polite.
I didn't write their names down and like, oh, hey, what's up?
What are you doing there? Blah, blah, blah blah blah and uh you know had good time and like all right
you've been randomly selected for a bag search and i'm like hey you know whatever my number's up
so be it i i yeah i would never be stupid enough to do anything especially coming back from a place
like that and you know they take your bag apart they bring the dog over and it's like i'm not
even nervous because i know i didn't do anything but that one percent like x fact like oh i know
what you're saying like oh i don't know i know
exactly what you got you're you're a sweater and it was whatever it was coming out your pores that
dog was smelling that's what that's what happened it could have been wait wait am i crazy here the
dog's like not a lot of gringos on my phone through the terminal to r.a r.a gives the dog
a keto anyway uh uh but that's good that you had a great trip, R.A.
You deserved it.
And glad that we could get a couple great interviews,
one of which, oh, my goodness, guys,
we got Alex Killorn and Patty Maroon on for the fourth time.
And it was great locker room banter.
We got a lot of behind-the-scenes stuff.
And glad we get the three-time Stanley Cup champion on.
And don't, Ron Francis, if you're listening,
don't take Alex Killologne in the expansion draft,
or I'm going to get Nancy Kerrigan's bodyguard over there.
Was it her or the other one?
A great way to be if they just took him out of spite at this point.
They're like, this guy doesn't want to be here.
We'll see how bad he doesn't want to be here.
Alex Cologne, come on down to the crackheads.
You got the location right, Biz.
Pacific Northwest, that's where all that Nancy Kerrigan shit went down. That's where. You got the location right, Biz. Pacific Northwest.
That's where all that Nancy Kerrigan shit went down.
That's where she was from, Tanya Harding.
Oh, it was Tanya Harding's bodyguard.
Yeah, Jeff Gallulli. The biggest name of a goon that would hit a figure skater
with a metal pipe known to man.
Jeff Gallulli.
Just sounds like a goon.
It is a guilty name.
All right, before we get to the highlights, I just want to say real quick, one last note on Columbia. known to man, Jeff Galooly. Just sounds like a goon. It is a guilty name, bud.
All right, before we get to the highlights, I just want to say real quick, one last note on Columbia.
Shout out and congrats to my buddy Stu and his new wife, Mary.
It was an awesome time, a true adventure.
Lots of stuff to do every day.
Couple clicks, please.
Couple clicks.
And also to my boy, Didge.
He's a longtime buddy of mine.
We haven't got together in years.
Ultimate road roommate.
Just like no one of the talk, just no communication.
We know what each is up to.
So an ideal road roommate for eight days in Columbia.
I'll leave it at that.
The best thing about being home is that I can finally find Pink Whitney once again.
Had a struggle finding it down there.
So I'm going to hit my local ASAP to load up on a few Mickeys,
the old 375 milliliter bottle.
The nice convenient size comes in handy to grab you.
So grab yours before
the clock is already running out on summer almost the end of july boys only two weeks left all right
you know where you're not going to be having a problem finding it uh the little birdie told me
that it will be heading over to europe pretty soon oh pink whitney and let me tell you the
fins and swedes oh yeah the fins and swes have been asking for this liquor since it was invented.
So I think it's going to hammer time, Scandinavia.
And England.
And England.
Sorry, guys, but RA doesn't want it to go there.
So sorry.
Are the labels going to be in different languages,
or will they be the same, like depending on the country?
I don't know.
That's a great question.
We'll find out soon enough. But England all speaks english and uh so does finland and sweden they all speak english
so i think they'll probably be the same maybe if we can get over to prague they'll throw it in some
check writing so my boy ladislav smeed knows how to read it before he drinks the whole thing
we should reach out to peter forsberg to uh to get involved because i mean he was able to move
all the crocs over there.
So I'm sure he can move Pink Whitney.
He can move anything.
He's on a stamp.
Yeah, pretty much in that land.
All right, boys, let's move along to the NHL transactions of the last week.
And there are quite a few of them of different degrees and varying importance.
The big one, I would say, Minnesota buys out both forward Zach Parise
and defenseman
ryan sued at nine years after they both signed 13 year 98 million dollar deals uh parise wasn't a
big surprise given how his season went but suda certainly was i guess he was so pissed off per
our buddy russo at the athletic he actually hung up the phone on billy garren when garren called
that told me he was being bought out um his agent neil sheehy said that he was planning on being
there forever.
Obviously, that's not going to happen.
And, you know, the thing is, Minnesota is going to save a little over 10 million this year,
but they're going to get well up the next few years.
But Billy Garrett said this was an opportunity.
He figured if he's going to do one, he might as well do both and get the savings this year.
But either way, Biz, let's go to you first on this.
How shocked were you that Suda got bought out?
Well, I was going to snap it over to Witt because he knows a little bit about the the American side of things but as you said a shock
maybe to Suter but definitely not to Parise given with how it all transpired after uh they ended up
getting beat out of playoffs he was a little bit snippy in his press conference uh probably not
treated by the head coach the way he would have liked throughout the season we remember that issue
with when he ended up becoming a healthy scratch because he tried to make the play uh
over to one of his teammates on the empty netter ended up going back the other way and the other
team tied it up but i mean i could understand given the deterioration and maybe those guys not
playing to a level they once did and especially with the amount of money they're making i was a little surprised at the fact that they did it given the repercussions of the buyout
situation you mentioned ra and year one it's not too bad but wit they're going to be getting kicked
the nuts a little bit for the next three years after that regarding this buyout yes there's no
doubt and after a little bit of relief this year, the following year,
I believe the team is going to get charged 13 million,
right around 13 million against the cap.
And then the next two years,
it's around 14 million.
So big time penalties for them to go through with this.
But when you talk about Garen and what he's done,
he's made it very clear that his job requires very difficult decisions.
What I really respect about him.
And now I know Bill Garrett a little bit,
I think he's one of the most respected GMs in the game because of how he played.
And when I say being a GM and being respected, it goes into he's been through all this.
He was bought out as a player.
He was traded as a player.
He's been through everything.
He knows how difficult this is.
And I'm sure there was parts of him that felt bad,
but he also is in working with the owner, Leopold.
He knows this is what they had to do.
Now, Parisi, Biz, you said no surprise.
I'm not surprised at all.
And you hear about teams that he could sign with.
Lamorello in Jersey has been close with forever from all his times.
And Lamorello and the Islanders, excuse me,
and Parisi was with him in New Jersey.
And then also Pete DeBoer was his coach when Parisi was the captain and went to the cup finals in 2012
so maybe vegas is a spot he can land but no doubt his game is um you know not where it once was he's
getting older he's had a lot of miles on him he's played for a long time we'll see where he ends up
the the suitor one was surprising because he played a lot of minutes for them i think he still
considers himself you you know,
a top four defenseman in the league. But if you look at it, I mean,
Bill Guerin has tough decisions to make. They have to get Capri soft sign.
They have to get Fiala sign. And he just thought the timing was best.
Now, if he was going to do it, he had to do both of them together.
And in the end, I mean,
they made enough money to be set for five lifetimes and not to their fault entirely, but they didn't really get anything done there, right?
I mean, in how many years did they play out of that deal?
Nine.
So nine of the 13 years, they went to the second round twice.
One of the times they were swept.
The other time, I don't know how many games they were beaten.
They beat Colorado one year.
They beat St. Louis the next year in the first round.
So in the end, I mean, they didn't do what they were brought there to do.
Now, that is a little harsh sounding because by no means is it their fault
on their own.
But for Suter to hang up on Bill Guerin, I don't know if I can say I agree
with that.
I was fucking 1-100th the player Ryan Suter is,
but Bill Guerin isn't some fucking plug that's calling you,
giving you the bad news.
You just click on him?
I mean, I don't know.
I just don't agree with that.
But Ryan Suter is a proud guy, and in reading his agent's quotes,
he thinks that he's got a lot of hockey left,
and by the sounds of it, there's a lot of teams interested now that makes sense right he's not gonna really require or want a ton of money
i wouldn't guess because he still has they both still have i think seven million coming to them
over the next eight years maybe it's a little less so whatever they sign for is just added
on to that they're probably gonna end up making more money than they would have at least suit or will now i don't know um where he goes let me hop in here and ask you do you think given the penalty
and and what they're still going to have to kind of retain as a result do you think that anything
like culturally could be said about that like i don't know these guys personally either right do
you think that it's one of those looks where we just want
new faces around especially given the battle and and some of the comments at least made by parise
where they're like hey maybe it's like we just kind of want to take these guys out of this
situation and also of course in year one two it allows them to spend a little bit more money
um locking in assets that they really want like presoft's going to demand some more money right
so they got that 10 million in cap relief so it gives them that 12 month period at least to be
able to shift some things and keep the guys around that they want in order to establish that new
culture and in the meantime figure out things for the years after that where they will be penalized
more heavily yes and also when you talk about the culture Bill Guerin came in there he got rid of
Stahl he got rid of Jason Zucker he didn't bring back Miku Koival and now Suter's gone and now
Parisi's gone so he looks at it like listen this team's been together a long time this core's been
together a long time they haven't got anything accomplished in the end they're all pretty much
gone he is looking to change the culture That was immediately said when he was hired.
Now, it took him a little longer than he probably thought to get everyone out of there. But now
the guys in there are the guys he wants in there. And that's not at all saying he didn't want either
one of those guys. But when looking at the future of this team, he just thought the time is now.
Like, I'm not the guy to say it's the right decision. We'll find out this season.
We'll find out how much hockey Ryan Suter has left to play.
Talk about a guy on a mission now.
I mean, that's a pissed off guy training the rest of the summer.
Wherever he signs, he's got a lot to prove, probably in his own mind.
But he's looking to change that entire organization, and he's now pretty much done it.
So now you end up seeing how this ends up going.
What are they going to sign Kaprizov for?
What's he going to get? They're certainly going to try to work that deal down he actually had a funny
quote like something somebody asked him does this mean now there's a little more money for Fiala
Kaprizov and Garen's like no no no no no I'm sticking to my guns on those guys but definitely
surprising to see Ryan Suter bought out I think part of it when you talk about him hanging up on
him it's a blow man it's a blow to your ego ego and not even saying these guys have egos, but it's a blow to your character.
Like to be bought out is tough and it happens so much more often and it happens more frequently now.
But still, man, to sign that long of a deal and then to end that way, it's disappointing and probably emotional for both of them.
Yeah. And the fact that he was blindsided by it, you know that it was a it was an off-the-cuff response so because he had no pre-warning so yeah i can't really hold it against
a guy like that who was blindsided by that wit and i'll let you hop in no funny enough about being
blindsided so suitor had a missed call from garen and he was working out i don't know what he was
doing but he had a missed call and then he gets a call from parisi picks it up and parisi this is
all from mike russo's article in The Athletic.
And Parisi's like, I just got bought out.
You know, they're just talking.
And Soto's like, actually, I just had a missed call from Guerin.
And no shit, Guerin calls in again and he answers.
And that's how he found out.
So I think maybe he thought Guerin was calling to talk to his leader
and longest, you know, tenured wild about Parisi being gone.
It turns out he was gone as well.
So definitely tough to get the news that way.
That is a good point.
I don't know if we want to shift away from that, Ari,
if you have anything else to say about it.
But you find a lot of these situations where these good players
are getting bought, given that it's a flat cap
and it's kind of a new NHL era where you're seeing these guys,
once they pass 30, it's not uncommon.
And unfortunately, one of our good buddies,
and I'm sure to some it's probably not a surprise in Keith Yandel,
given with what transpired at the beginning of the year,
at least he was able to do it somewhat amicably
where he played out the last year in Florida.
I know he's beloved by his teammates.
He loved those guys there.
But he's a little bit optimistic at the fact that now he gets to go,
hopefully, to a place, be in a situation where he's not going to make
as much money and it's not going to be as scrutinized,
but he gets to go play somewhere where he's going to be happy
and, of course, where he gets to pick the potential to win.
And wanted.
And wanted.
So when you talk about these guys signing,
it's like you're finally wanted somewhere.
And any free agent will tell you, like, you may want to play somewhere.
But if you've got to convince a team, hey, come on, you want you should want me.
I can help you. It's never going to work out the same way it does for guys who are being begged by a team to sign.
Right. So now you're going to get teams. And I don't know how many for any of these guys getting bought.
It'll become calling. But certainly for Keith Yandel, he's going to have some teams like,
listen,
come in,
play on the third pairing,
run the power play.
How much would Bruins fans like to see Keith Yandel on their team playing on
the third pair and running the power play?
Like,
dude,
let's go.
They got plenty of right defensemen.
What?
Making biz money.
Yeah.
Fuck with his bio though.
It's,
it's,
it's still way more than biz money.
It's way more than whip money. That's true. So, so I think buyout, though. It's still way more than biz money. It's way more than whip money.
That's true.
So I think that Keith, definitely tough because he loves those guys
and his family lives down there.
He's going to live down there the rest of his life.
He's going to retire there.
So in talking to Zito, Keith said it was definitely hard to hear the news,
but in the end, he's going to be somewhere next year that they want him.
And that's such a difference.
That's such a relief to a player because when you're on a team and you know,
you're not wanted, whether it was Quenville or who knows,
it's tough to go to the rink and you know,
any mistake you're going to make is going to be a,
get you out of the lineup and you saw Keith wasn't even playing at the end of
the playoff. So good luck to him moving forward, wherever he ends up.
But like I said, with Suter,
it's just hard for guys to hear this news because as a proud athlete to get where
you've gotten it's based on believing in yourself and believing in your work ethic and doing things
it takes to get to where you are and all of a sudden you're told hey we don't want you we're
actually going to pay you not to play for us so it's tough all right i texted uh donor i said hey
i'll pay half the end salary if we can bring him back in hey i would say the guys will be coming
in after practice.
It'll be me, Doner, and Jans in the shower,
staring at each other's hoses, fucking around.
They're like, everyone can stay besides Biz.
Can you cover that horn up, please?
And just to clarify, too, Biz, I know you segued into it,
but Florida did buy out Keith Yandel's final two years of his deal.
He had two more years left at 6.35 million.
He is now unrestricted, can sign where he wants.
And like Whit said, you know, it sucked at first, but I think he's pretty happy
to get a fresh start somewhere where, again, like you said,
he's wanted. Florida's going to see...
Also, sorry, Ari, quickly.
When I bring up buyouts and how they're
happening so often,
you even heard Nugent Hopkins' contract
was eight years. They're probably
planning on after year six, that could
be a buyout. That's how contracts are
done now, where you get the average average deal you get the average cap it down by adding on to the years
you hear a lot about land of scog maybe colorado can get the money down by giving them the eighth
year and these teams know now they won't be there they won't they will not be there for the end of
these deals so when even when parisian suitor signed those 13-year deals it's like are they
still going to be playing then now? If those guys retire,
by the way,
Minnesota can be really fucked.
Hey,
a couple,
couple of things about the,
the Nugent Hopkins ones.
Now that's probably one of the reasons why he ended up probably signing a
more fair deal than,
than what we maybe expected based on his achievement,
because I don't think,
what is he making?
Just,
just under five.
I think he signed for like a four and a half AAV.
No, it's more than that.
But keep in mind, though, I don't think moving forward
it's going to be as bad as it is right now.
This pandemic really fucked a lot of things up
and the fact that it's a flat cap.
With these TV deals kicking in, at that point in time,
getting RH at whatever he's making
and given with how he trains in the offseason i think he's
going to be okay at that time but that's 5.7 5.7 for eight oh shit that's what he got oh god yeah
um also when you talk about the flat cap and we'll get into this and all these other moves
that's going on a lot of these younger restricted guys besides haskin and we'll go into his monster
deal but a lot of these guys when you talk my car, they might just look for the bridge deal to let that cap get back up before they hammer home a monster one.
So we'll see how it goes on with some of these RFAs.
But it is a weird time with the flat cap and teams having to do gymnastics to get these the roster set.
I think I was thinking about Erickson Eck, maybe with the foreign change number.
So sorry about that.
It's OK, but it's one piece of money, dude. Your money eats up the middle. I was thinking about Erickson Eck, maybe with the foreign change number. Sorry about that.
Pete's up the middle.
There's so many deals,
and I think there's going to be tons more to follow, given a month of chatter going on so far.
Those are the two big buyouts.
Actually, three big buyouts going on,
but a couple of huge deals signed.
Dallas gives defenseman Miro Heiskanen,
or is it Heiskanen? Have we figured out?
I say Heiskanen. I hear every versioniskanen? Have we figured out, is it Heiskanen or Heiskanen? I say Heiskanen.
I hear every version of it.
But either way, he got his payday eight years, 67.6 million extension.
It's an 8.45 AAV.
He's got a no-move clause the last four years.
Dallas locks up their best D by five.
It likely sets the market for Hughes and Makar as well.
It's the biggest contract ever for a Finn in NHL history.
You can't really be surprised that he got this dough,
given what we've seen from this kid so far.
No, not at all.
One of the best skaters in the league, minute muncher,
can play the entire game, can play PK against the top lines.
He is a top world-class player already at the ripe age of 22.
Now, I will say this.
In that dough that he's making,
you expect 50 to 60 points. You know what I mean? Like you're looking at a guy there
that when you're making that much money, you need him to produce offensively. Now he showed
in the playoffs in the bubble, I think he had like 25 points in 20 games or, you know,
26 points in 27 games that run to the cup final um in the playoffs the year prior
in the edmonton bubble but he had 35 points in 68 games that year this season he had 27 points in 55
games now he's playing so many minutes and playing such good hockey maybe in the end they don't care
if he's a 40 point guy because he does enough but i look at it like fuck you're making that much
dough i think you need to do a little bit more offensively.
He's so young.
Klenberg is also running the power play there.
So at some point he'll maybe have a chance to take over that number one
unit and play in a more offensive role,
but an unreal player who not one,
not one GM,
not one player around the league,
not one fan of the Dallas stars questions that contract.
I truly believe that
because the way this kid can skate and the way the game's played now he is someone you lock up for as
long as possible because he's a fantastic player to watch and for younger defensemen that are trying
to play in the NHL he's a perfect guy to emulate your game after not many can because of how he
moves but he can do it all so I love the. Well, fully agree on the fact when you make that much money as a fenceman,
you need to be relied upon in every situation.
Now, there are a few pretty cool moments I got to experience
when I started my media career,
one of which I've mentioned a few times with the Vegas expansion,
seeing Derek England speak,
and then them go on an absolute crazy run in that first year.
I was there for the first ever game in Vegas.
I was also there for Heskinen's first ever NHL shift against the coyotes.
And from the minute that fucking face off happened and he was just
zipping up and down the ice.
Like he was a fucking fourth forward,
Karen and lugging the mail.
I knew this kid was going to be special.
And you think about guys are defensemen specifically 23 and under i would say
there's about five or six of them that i would hand this type of money over to you mentioned
two of them are right kale mccarr who's probably going to be making a couple more million than that
quinn hughes zach warensky hayes skinning and adam fox those guys 23 and under those are the
five studs i can think of up the top of my head who deserve this.
Is Wierenski that young?
23 years old.
I think he went to University of Michigan for one year.
I actually played against Zach Wierenski in the AHL.
He joined that team in Lake Erie when they won it, right?
It was  yeah, who the fuck is this guy?
I knew that that was going to be the only time he spent in the AHL.
Basically stole another Calder Cup right off my finger.
I was supposed to be a two-time ECHL all-star and a two-time calder cup champion
if it wasn't for that fuckhead bullshit so anyway i'm happy he got a bridge deal actually actually
but uh but well deserved and and like you said uh with any any gym in the league would have handed
over that money and i think of course and i say it time and time again the fact that no state tax in in dallas probably helped them getting get him at a little bit of uh
oh i mentioned yeah texas it's both dallas is in texas true correct thank you all right uh
help them get that average down even maybe a little bit more so congratulations to him they
got a stud on the back end and uh and he locked in a long time and and with uh all right the cap it's eight five
sorry uh eight eight point four five okay so when the cap goes back up and this pandemic's in our
complete rearview mirror in five years 8.45 ram might look awesome you might be laughing at this
deal in four or five years so when i said that you look at deals and you look at buyouts as a very
possible scenario at the end, I'm talking UFAs.
This is a guy in eight years will be in his prime.
So this is not a worry at all.
And it's a completely different situation.
And that's a cap hit.
Talk to me at the end of this deal.
And you may be thinking he's one of the better bargains in the league.
Well, what you want to talk the better bargains in the league. Well, Whit, you want to talk about better bargains in the league?
How about the deal the Bruins signed defenseman Brandon Collar to?
Six years, 24.6 mil.
He took a bridge deal before this.
Only comes out to 4.1 average annual value.
This is a guy who's probably giving up some money on the table.
He's a huge part of the beast.
Top four guy.
Plays on the right side behind Charlie McAvoy.
Were you surprised they got him this cheap no um i think that that is let me hop in quickly with just do the does the
concussion aspect yep scare you at all and maybe a reason that they were able to get that number
down exactly what i was just gonna say i think that as odd as this sounds his injury has kind
of helped the bruins in this negotiation.
And for sure, they'd rather pay the guy more and have him be completely healthy.
But it's scary, right?
Is it two now, R.A., in the past two years?
Or is it three?
He had two in fucking three months.
Yeah.
So, you know, you're looking at a team and an organization who's been through one of the best players of all time in Bergeron,
missing a full year, and he was able to come back and be this world-class player so you hope Carlo's okay but he's definitely a guy who
opens himself up to some of these hits and the Wilson hit people you know they went nuts about
it he got a big suspension for it but maybe be a little bit better at protecting yourself I'm not
blaming him at all don't try to twist my words around but in the end you got to be able to protect yourself
while playing the game he does and i think he's good enough defensively he's shown that when he's
not in the lineup they are not even close to the same team so he's deserving of this deal but they
were able to get it at a number i think's very fair for the team because of the past injuries
and because of the issues and you never really know what's going to happen here you don't know
like this kid knock on wood fucking hope to God he doesn't get another one.
But it is a deal they're signing with some risk involved, no doubt.
But, I mean, it's a classic case.
We always go back to the Sidney Crosby interview.
If you don't take less, then it doesn't trickle down.
And this is a classic case of that entire roster.
You look at them.
They all fall in line.
They all want to stay together.
They want to win they put that they put winning more of a value as in what getting an extra 250 to 500
thousand dollars a year and you're kind of you know you're seeing a bit of a tough situation
right now in Colorado and and I'm sure one situation that Joe Sackick's looking at is
you know once you give that money to the top guy,
well, one of the top guys like Lana Scog, what type of precedent does it send to the rest of
the group who are going to eventually have to sign as well? I mean, I don't expect McKinnon
to take a bargain, bargain deal, and I don't expect McCarr to take a bargain deal, but if you
see the top end guys do it, you're more than likely to say, yeah, do I need a hundred,
a hundred million career earnings or is 90 okay
do i want my name in the cup or not that that's should be the determinant factor right i mean
not not every guy's gonna it's gonna be the his only thing but i mean that's what you play for
man should we shift over to shift over to that topic is that one that you had down for the i
actually a little bit further but first biz we're having all this talk about teams trying to save
money and you can too on your student loans by checking out
earnest because with today's low interest rates it's a great time to refi your student loans
earnest offers low rate student loan refinance and you can check your rate risk-free in just
two minutes with earnest you get radically flexible payments and you can pick your loan term
by refinance and you can reduce your loan term. By refinancing, you can reduce your loan term,
save money, or combine multiple loans into a simple monthly payment. And if you have questions,
you can even talk to a real live human at Earnest for help. Isn't it time you stopped feeling
overwhelmed by your student debt? Right now, Earnest is giving our listeners a 100 bonus.
Refinance your student loans at earnest.com slash chicklets. Now not
available in all states. Terms and conditions apply. So visit earnest.com slash chicklets for
more details. That's E-A-R-N-E-S-T.com slash chicklets. C-H-I-C-L-E-T-S. Again, terms and
conditions apply. Earnest student loan refinance made by, LLC, NMLS number 1204917,
California finance and law license number 6054788, 303 2nd Street, Suite 401N, San Francisco,
California, 94107. Visit earnest.com slash licenses for a full list of licenses. Go ahead,
to hop in with a couple of things.
I love how they have to mention that you get to talk to a real-life human.
That just tells you the era we're in.
I just press zero.
When I call, I just press zero, zero, zero until I get a human on the phone.
Yeah, same here.
And going back to that Carlo deal,
I don't think you necessarily want to be the guy in Boston
making a little bit too much money either because if things aren't going well, that's
probably a fan base you want to keep on your side.
Do you think that factors into it, R.A.?
I don't think the fans are going to get on people for that.
I just think it's a within the team philosophy.
Like guys are just going to take below market to stay there with the opportunity to win.
I don't know how much longer that's going to last, given the way the season went last year.
And, you know, people like myself thought they were a lot stronger
than they were going to the playoffs.
And the Islanders said, hey, you're not quite where you think you are.
So I don't know how much longer this era is going to go on.
Tuca's obviously getting surgery.
We don't know exactly when he's going to be back.
But, yeah, you wonder how long that, I don't know,
financial camaraderie, I guess you'd call it,
is going to last in a room like that.
I mean, eventually guys are going to want to get paid with their worth,
but it's an interesting dichotomy for the Bruins right now.
How do you like that word, Biz?
I don't even know what it is.
All right, well, we'll save Landis Gogg for a little bit
because that kind of ties into the UFA stuff.
Oh, we've been blue balling the Landis Gogg talk.
Yeah, well, also, you know, when you've got big trades going on, Biz, you've got to blue ball the Landis Gogg talk. Yeah, well, also, you know, when you got big trades going on,
you got a blue ball at Landis Gogg talk.
I mean, Philadelphia, everyone's been talking about their D for years.
Well, they went out and they got themselves Ryan Ellis from Nashville.
That's a huge fucking trade.
Gritty Jr.
They sent Phil Myers.
Gritty.
Gritty Jr.
No, Voracek was Gritty Jr.
Philly traded Phil Myers and Nolan Patrick to Nashville for Ryan Ellis.
They shore up their D with a vet leader then nashville went and traded patrick to vegas uh for ford cody glass he was their first ever draft pick so vegas has already traded their
first three draft picks from the first round that first year uh suzuki went for patchy ready and
they traded um what's his face branstrom for mark. So they don't have any of their first year picks left.
But Ellis, a 30-year-old right shot D,
he's got six years left at 6.25 mil AAV.
I mean, he's a top four guy in Nashville,
probably a top pair guy anywhere else, like he's going to be in Philly.
What was your reaction to this one, Biz?
We'll go to you first here.
Well, that's a nice one-two punch now with Provorov,
who is another defenseman in this league
that is young
and is an absolute stallion now um the good news for nashville is and who's also what is
well they they have they've always been good at drafting and developing d and they're actually
the only team in this expansion draft to protect five defensemen yep some some didn't even protect four right most
teams went with the 7-3-1 model so in order to relieve a little bit of cap space of course it's
hard to say goodbye to ryan ellis but if you have other guys coming up and and i mean poyle has
proven time and time again that he's able to draft defensemen and develop them and if he thinks he
can get the same type of production from guys making far less yes it was it was probably the time to to move on from him so a great pickup for philadelphia
because they did need help on the back end they never ended up getting uh what they thought they
were going to get from goss to spare now correct me if i'm wrong he's still on the roster with them
and and i i would imagine that they're they're going to hope to maybe he could turn the
corner and give them the production that they expected and or move on from them but i think
that this was a great trade and in it for everyone involved nolan patrick another guy who's been
dealing with head issues beloved in the locker room he ends up going over to um to vegas who
is trying to add a little bit of depth at the center ice
position he did not produce to the level of of which we expected last season but that's him
coming off a full year missed with the head problems now the shitty thing for vegas is they
have to move on from cody glass the only thing about cody glass that would scare me is the fact
that he hasn't played a lot of hockey in the last couple of years he was highly touted coming out of junior he played four years there i think he was i think he
a couple of years he ended up averaging over 100 points and but we haven't seen what he can do at
the pro level in the ahl he was very dominant but we have not seen what this kid's been able to
accomplish at the nhl level based on what expectations were.
So I hope I did a good job of summarizing all of it.
We know exactly what we're going to expect from Ryan Ellis.
This guy's an incredible defenseman.
He's going to provide a lot to the back end for Philadelphia.
I think everybody wins in this trade.
I'm interested to see if they pair him and Proveroff together,
which would be a sick top pairing.
I don't know if they're going to try to spread that out.
We'll see what goes on there.
But together they could be formidable, formidable on the blue line,
together playing.
In terms of Glass and, excuse me, Nolan Patrick,
they kind of remind me of each other.
And I know Glass hasn't had the injuries,
but it's two young guys, lottery picks.
Glass was sixth.
Nolan Patrick was what, second or you know glass was sixth nolan patrick was what second or third
he was second so two guys that haven't really done what what you know both teams thought they
would when they were picked that high so let's give them a fresh start and i think um nolan
patrick has a lot of uh familiar familiarity is that the word with mccrimmon from his time in the
whl and then cody glass is a guy who I don't think he's the best skater.
That's one question mark.
Skill level super high.
But like you said, because he hasn't played a ton.
So this is one of those things.
If both guys went on to star in Philly and Vegas, I wouldn't really be surprised.
Now, right now, you can't really pencil them in for being elite top two line players because
they haven't proven it yet.
But the skills there, that's why they were drafted that high.
Let's see if they can take off in a new role.
And maybe Cody Glass gets a chance that he never got in Vegas.
He was never given the opportunity.
I don't know if he deserved it to play on a top two role.
So in Philly, he's going to go there.
Maybe he gets that chance and we see what happens.
But two guys looking for fresh starts that make sense.
I love Ellis.
One of the best shots in the league from the point he could skate,
he could play a ton of minutes,
no matter what Nashville protects five defense,
but they're still losing a 23 minute per game guy.
And so I think it's going to be hard for them to get over that,
but they do have the depth to be able to do it.
The thing in Nashville in terms of not protecting Johansson and,
and Duchesne is interesting because we'll, one of those guys gets selected, both make an eight a year.
But Nashville is making moves, and Pecorine retired, so we'll go into that.
But a crazy week overall, and for that organization to see that much change is not crazy,
but it's certainly different.
I just want to hop in there quick.
You misspoke.
Cody Glass, of course course going to nashville
sorry sorry no worries yeah there's a there's a lot going on three team trades mess with my brain
it's like i'm thinking of somebody holding the parking spot with their body we haven't even got
to this expansion draft situation yeah no we got we got a few more beats to get fucking crazy before
we get to that yeah there's a lot of shit to talk about like i said i know the expansion stuff is
big news that the list but you know the only 30 of these guys are going to end up getting picked but we'll get to that a
little bit we still got some of the major stuff to get to uh real quick patrick and glass are both
rfa like well i would say they were both taken in 17 as for myers uh he's 24 he's got two years left
at 2.55 mil uh he had a goal and 10 assists last year in 44 games so uh yet another defenseman on
the move.
This was a bit of a surprise, I guess,
because Colorado trying to maybe find money,
move money around or whatever,
but they traded defenseman Ryan Graves to the Devils
for forward Mikhail Maltsev in the second round or in 2021.
Graves had, let's see, two more years left at 3.166 mil,
15 points in 54 games last year,
six points in 10 playoff games uh malta has
a 21 year old forward in the last year of his entry level deal uh the thought is that colorado
was likely to lose grave in the expansion draft for nothing so they figured they'd get something
for him instead uh the big d man will definitely show up new jersey's d which had a lot of issues
last year wit let's go to you for your reaction i was i wanted this one you go are you busy tap that stick baby i get it okay so i i really like graves but look at this five defensemen i
would imagine eric johnson does not get selected because he was left unprotected this is the top
four uh 5d for colorado next year macar taves gerard byram and then of course eric johnson if
he doesn't get selected I think this was a great
move in order to get a second round pick for this guy I think that on that team he's a he's a fifth
defenseman um I don't know if the I don't know if uh the not so great end to the playoffs played a
factor in this at all but given his cap hit in a situation where they're going to need some money
to free up I think that considering he's a fifth defenseman on this Colorado team,
they could easily find a replacement for,
for what he is and they get a second round pick back.
I like him.
I think he's going to go on to have great success in New Jersey,
but this is a great move by Sackick.
He is all over it.
His,
his fucking asset management and give credit to his assistant GM.
I don't know his name
but he he's apparently touted as one of the best guys why are you laughing like that r.a because
of how excited i am about it no i'm not laughing at you i i was pulling up some other notes yeah
i know i tell you if i was laughing at you like i always do no i wasn't laughing at you in this
particular case what do you think of my breakdown wit Whit? Biz, I love your breakdown. I think you did a great job.
And I think it's really good in Jersey to bring this guy over.
He's a top four defenseman for the New Jersey Devils.
It's been a struggle there for a while.
So you get a guy in there who can play PK.
He's a prick to play against.
And Colorado, like you said, they get something back for somebody
they would have lost for nothing.
So it really does work out.
I'm surprised more teams weren't involved.
I don't know if people didn't want to pay what Jersey was willing to give up for him. A second round picks,
pretty good asset. I know nothing about the forward that was returned to Colorado, excuse me
on that, but it makes sense for both teams. It really does. I think that Colorado is probably
going to miss that guy a little bit though. It's a lot easier said than done to replace a player
who's a big defenseman who can log minutes and play on the PK, but we'll see what happens.
They have enough skill up front, but they do need that grit on the back end.
This is not a knock to Graves either.
You've got to be careful of how much stock you're putting in these fourth
and fifth defensemen on teams that are so deep, and these guys are protected.
They're playing a lot of the game in the offensive zone.
They're a wagon, right?
So let's see how he does in New Jersey,
but I think overall Sackett crushed it on this.
And you're looking at their decor.
I don't think they're going to bat an eye.
What was wrong with Eric Johnson?
Did he break his leg last year?
I don't know the injury that he had.
I thought it was an upper body injury
because he only played four games last year.
Yeah, I thought it was.
One other trade to get to here.
Well, a couple more, but Toronto sent forward Philippe Hallander
in a seventh round and 23 to Pittsburgh for forward Jared McCann.
McCann's 25.
He's got one year left at 2.94 mil.
Had a great year for Pittsburgh last year.
14 goals, 18 assists in 43 games,
one assist in six playoff games.
Hallander is a 21-year-old Swedish center,
taking 58th overall in 18.
Still in his entry-level deal.
He's yet to play in North America.
Toronto gets a pretty versatile forward
at a really good price.
Pittsburgh sheds almost 3 million in salary.
Now, I know Toronto did leave him exposed,
but I don't think they picked this kid up to lose him. I'm figuring it was just a numbers game where they got to take that risk but
I would imagine he'd be back in Toronto biz you think well I mean that's if Seattle doesn't pick
him up now from what I was reading online uh Pittsburgh's very high on the kid from Latvia
Teddy Bluger is that how I pronounce his last name yeah where he he's very solid defensively Pittsburgh fans were upset
because McCann's a little bit more versatile where when guys are banged up in the top six he's a guy
that he can insert on the top six role for for whatever period of time he needs to and he helps
out their power play as well but I mean I don't know I I thought it was bizarre that they made
the move and let them unprotected,
but that's probably because they know more than we do
about what's going on with the expansion draft.
I don't know if there's conversations going on between these GMs.
I was wondering that too.
Like the Carey Price situation.
I would imagine that Berger Van and Ron Francis have had conversations about this.
They've known each other for 30-something. I'm sure that, you know,
they could talk off the record or whatever, you know, not make it public.
However, but yeah, these guys definitely talk.
So many of these guys know each other talk throughout the year all the time.
And there are probably many,
many off the record and converse conversations that pretty border on
tampering that you're not going to hear about.
And, and, and maybe it's a situation like this.
Maybe they bring in and trade for McCann and give up a couple pieces
as a little bit of a dangle of the carrot, like a big shiny toy
as opposed to maybe Seattle taking somewhere else
or taking someone else, excuse me.
So I don't know, man.
I don't know if it's mine torpedoes getting thrown,
but there's a lot more that's going on behind the scenes that we know.
There's so much like gamemanship going on.
Who knows?
There could be some
I'll let you crush my wife if you don't take this guy.
Yeah, maybe a little dishonesty.
Maybe chucking the wife in the mix.
Do you want to not take this guy?
She's beautiful.
She looks great right now.
I don't know.
I don't know.
But I actually  there was moments this year in Pittsburgh.
McCann looked great.
They won that division.
It was a complete disappointment the way it all ended,
but he looked nice.
So I think that if Toronto doesn't lose him to Seattle,
he could fit right in there.
Yeah, he's a hell of a versatile player, like we said.
We've got a few more transactions before we send it over to our boys,
Cologne and Maroon.
Let's see.
The Rangers sent the seventh rounder in 2022 to Tampa for pending UFA,
Barkley Goodrow, basically to get first dibs on negotiating.
He had 20 points in 55 games last year.
Obviously, he has a winning pedigree after winning the Cup the last two years.
The Rangers also traded forward Brett Howden to Vegas for pending UFA
defenseman Nick DeSimone in the fourth and 22.
Oh, yeah, the Islanders, they were pretty busy the last few days.
They sent forward Andrew Ladd to Arizona
along with three picks. They got nothing in return.
This was basically just incentive
so that they would take his money off their hands.
I love how business team, all they do
is like take Pronger, fucking
Datsu. All the Coyotes do is take
guys who are done playing as their cap
hits. It's so pathetic. Look at all these
legends on our franchise.
We got a bunch of Hall of Famers and they just none of them play hockey anymore hosa hosa's deal ended up there
too i forgot about him listen fucking coyotes do is not laughing deals stop laughing when i saw
hey when i saw it girl crossed the ticker and everybody the fact that it's literally just
four assets coming to us and
they're like we're good we don't need anything just no just take them just take them and take
all these picks too so i think there's a conditional third rounder and that's if lad ends up playing a
game um i i know the two of the picks are conditional honestly i usually write the
conditions down but i read but he's not expected to play again so i don't i don't know that we're
going to see him again they basically had to entice arizona to take his 5.5 cap it for the next two
years so they gave the picks and that's what they got islanders also sent defenseman nick letty to
the detroit red wings for forward richard panic in the second in 2021 uh letty's a 30 year old
who's got one year left at 5.5 mil panic is 30 as well he's got two years left at 2.75 and detroit
is eating half of that and
the islanders shed four million in salary there's lots of speculation they're going to try to load
up for a free agent somewhere too so uh they shed salary in addition to a pretty good defenseman
i think they got a couple guys they got to resign and they did leave josh bailey and jordan eboli
uh exposed now uh oh god what was i gonna say? Oh, I got a tweet from somebody
saying Andrew
Ladd was making five and a half million to
coach his kids like Mini Mites team last
year on Long Island and
that he was coaching against him.
So he's like, I'm happy that he got dealt out
of here because we're obviously
getting out coached every night in Tim Bitts
hockey.
I love how he goes to the Coyotes.
If you get traded to the Coyotes, basically it's like,
sorry, you got to retire.
Yeah, you're done.
On a serious note, I thought the Coyotes rushed the rebuild.
They ended up picking up Kessel.
They ended up making the move for Hall, giving up a first rounder for that.
The Coyotes need to get worse before they get better.
They need to acquire picks, some of which they lost because of a situation
I don't want to revisit because it's very scarring to me.
But this was the play.
One other unfortunate loss for us is Aiden Hill because I guarantee that he would have
Not necessarily yet, right?
No, he's gone.
He got traded over to San Jose.
There's a lot going on here he because
because i thought they were trying to trade kemper or something what's going yeah but correct
there's a lot of talk about kemper i've heard rumors about toronto trying to pick him up now
he is a world-class goaltender with one year left at four and a half i would assume that partly it
was they weren't getting what they thought was fair market value.
So they wanted to trade Aiden Hill over, who I think that could eventually be a top 15 goalie in the league.
He has the pedigree.
He stepped in and had to be the starter last year when Ronta and Kemper ended up going down with injury.
So I think the San Jose Sharks got a good one.
Now, going back to Darcy Kemper, I think he's far more valuable, especially as teams get desperate going into the season
and even potentially at the deadline.
Yeah, for a team who wants to shore up the goaltending
going into the playoffs, you mean?
I would say no less than a first-rounder and a prospect,
given the fact of what he can bring as a goaltender
and with a cap hit of 4.5 million.
That's more than two times less than what carrie price making and i think that he's he's proven in the last three
years that when he's playing yeah numbers wise he's just as good as any elite goaltender in the
league so i'll leave it at that uh coyotes made some good moves and i think that they're going
to be looking to unload even more guys i heard heard Christian Dvorak's names in the mix.
They basically said anybody's fair game at this point in time,
other than Jacob Chikrin.
Yeah.
Ask,
ask mashup 49,
four to four 2069 on Twitter.
Told you that one.
Which one?
Ask mashup for 20.
No,
I got the fucking Twitter handle about which part.
I don't know.
All of them.
Probably.
I'm busting your balls buddy
oh yeah I love you I mean
I've been hearing it's like some guy with
four followers he started a month ago
yeah and it was mine
it was my burner yeah I've been hearing online
the Coyotes are going to the AHL
it's like they might just have to
leave the league and another guy
who's who's up for a big contract
Connor Garland.
So I don't know if they're going to sign him and then move him or trade him now
because he's a restricted free agent.
So some team's going to need his services.
But the Coyotes need to get worse before they get better.
We got to get some high-end picks in here.
And I've said enough of that.
Why are you laughing?
Because I kept talking about the Yotes.
I'm laughing because you say they got to get worse before they get better.
It's like, how much worse do we have to get?
All right, because I'll move it along for you.
Island is also re-upped.
Andy Green, veteran defenseman, one year, 750K, 250K in bonuses.
This guy doesn't leave.
No, he was left unprotected.
But, you know, he was a pretty good, steady veteran presence
for the last couple of years in the Islanders in the playoffs.
So, and just to go back to that Aiden Hill deal San Jose
traded a second in 2022 and goalie Yosef Coronado to Arizona for Aiden Hill and a seventh in 22
Hillers RFA made 800k last year pretty good prospects from he had a pretty decent year
for Phoenix last year a couple other signing here. Pittsburgh signed forward Teddy Bluger. As you just mentioned
him, two years, 4.4 million deal. Calgary signed forward Brett Ritchie to a one-year 900,000 deal.
Dallas also added, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, also traded Jason Dickinson. This was a little earlier.
They traded Jason Dickinson to Vancouver for a third in 2021. And Florida re-upped Anthony
Duclair, three-year, 9 million deal.
And defenseman Gustav Forsling,
three-year, 8 million deal.
Going to
Forsling,
people seem to love him and then that number they
got him at. Now also, Duclair, he was
left unprotected as well, right, R.A.?
After signing the deal.
Yeah, where that's another
guy who might get picked up in that expansion draft. I would pick him. Especially with the deal. Yeah. Where, where that's another guy who might get picked up in that expansion draft.
I would pick him.
I would pick him.
Especially with that deal for 3 million.
So,
I mean,
he's proven like granted,
he's proven it on one year deals lately,
you know,
when he's like,
has to play well,
but I don't know who else,
I don't have the entire Florida list in front of me,
but that guy can move.
He could skate.
And it's not a huge hit.
I wouldn't be shocked if that's a pick by Seattle. And boys, we had a couple of retirements since
we last met. Pekka Rinne retired after 15 NHL seasons, all spent with Nashville. He played 683
games. He's the franchise leader in games played, wins, goals against, time on ice, shutouts and
saves. NHL history, he's 19th and shutouts tied for 19th and
wins he won the Vezina back in 18 he was a finalist three other times most games played wins and
shutouts by a Finnish goalie of a obviously the best goalie in Nashville franchise history he kind
of really helped solidify them make them become a contender and he had the option he said he had
the option to come back but he just felt the time was right now. And he hung them up.
Any thoughts boys on Pecorini?
I have a lot. And without knowing the guy, you,
you just hear nothing but great things.
And now we say this a lot about guys to retire,
but this guy truly was one of the favorite predators to ever play in that
organization. Fans absolutely loved him. He was so friendly.
He treated everyone with such respect. And I remember when he won the Vezina,
he gave an emotional, like teary-eyed speech.
I think it was his fourth try, I was reading,
trying to get the Vezina.
And he finally won it and gave this amazing speech
where you kind of saw the character
and a guy who's worked so hard
to become one of the top goalies in the league.
And did he not have some seasons there?
Holy shit.
He was a monster increase for them.
He was so big.
I think he was one of the,
I'm not going to say this is why at all, but he was one of those first huge goalies.
When you're like,
is this the future?
And you see Vasilevsky,
you see how tall and big some of these goalies are.
And Renee made it look so easy.
And I think that when you see teammates talk about them,
Joel Ward gave a quote in the
athletic article article I read about how great of a guy he was so down to earth it also said
that after every game win or lose he's meeting young kids that are at the game whether they
were sick or whether they were going through tough times he's a guy who's getting down low
talking to him face to face and the way he played was just he made the he made it look so easy when
he was on there was just nothing to shoot at and I mean you got to respect him too he's retiring he didn't have to but he realizes
his his heart isn't in the game anymore his head isn't in the game but that's a guy who was a
predator hall of famer I don't know if they have that maybe he does end up getting his number
retired there someday but the fans were so grateful and the way the season ended too he gave the skate
around the rink I don't know if you remember the lap around the rink in his last game
or his last home game, whatever it was.
So a goaltender that will kind of be remembered forever.
I mean, he won a Vesna trophy,
and he was a dominant player for a long time in the NHL.
So congrats on an amazing career.
And you talk about growing the game, too.
I mean, you go down to Nashville,
and you just see the way that the players interact with the fans.
And to see a guy of that stature doing it, we you know we always mention the culture the culture the culture i ended up going uh down there to do an nhl first timers with uh jalen
ramsey and you see during warm-up all the fans and all the guys giving knuckles on the glass
i mean i think pk was still there at the time. You see, obviously Rene do it. And he's one of those guys that he, you know,
he created the culture there. And that's the reason why this, you know,
non-traditional hockey market was able to,
to rise to where they have where they're selling out the building all the time.
And it's the biggest party in town.
So congratulations on a wonderful career to Peke Rene.
Hopefully we can get them on the podcast to talk about it. Now, R.A.,
was there any, was there any mention of him sticking around with the organization
or is he just going to kind of back off for a year?
I didn't read anything.
That's not to say that's not true.
I don't know if that's what he's going to do right now.
I get the impression he was just going to kind of step away from it a bit,
but I'm sure that's the type of organization he's the type of player
where if he wanted to do anything,
they would gladly open the door for a guy like that.
Yeah, I think they got Ben Vanderkl clock there as the goalie coach right now
but not even necessarily to be a goalie coach but just to be a guy who's around the rink and
you know maybe the management's able to to pull him in where they can vet situations and get his
opinion on things or even to just be a guy who's shaking hands and kissing babies so i don't know
if uh some of these, when they're done,
they do like to go back home, you know,
back over to their countries where they come from.
But I tell you what, man,
you never heard a bad thing about the guy.
And I've still, to this day, never, never met a bad Scandinavian.
Back.
All right.
Are Finnish guys Scandinavian?
You know what?
There's one of the countries in that area that's not Scandinavian.
I saw my thing go out.
I always thought it was Norway.
I'm not sure.
I'm going to Google it right now.
We'll do it.
Oh, no.
Maybe it's Norway and Sweden are considered Scandinavian.
Yeah, I think Finland.
I know one of them that you think is a Scandinavian country.
I throw Finland in the mix.
They might get offended by that.
So if they do, I'm sorry.
Yeah, let's see.
I hate using Wikipedia, unless I double-check it,
but Scandinavia can refer to Denmark, Norway, and Sweden.
So, yeah, I don't think Finland is considered Scandinavia.
Dash two.
That's right. I'll get you, Biz.
We had another retirement as well.
Kevin Miller retired after seven nhl seasons all with the
bruins uh tough as nails defenseman he was a california native played at uvm never drafted
became an nhl regular at 26 years old and became a hell of a player man he kind of come along and
replaced adam equade when the bruins needed a guy to sort of do that for them uh one of the toughest
players of his era i'd say uh because i know he didn't fight as much as other guys i think people
didn't want to fight him because he was so tough.
It's tough, like I said, tough as nails.
Stay-at-home defenseman, absolute warrior,
beloved by his teammates, and he had to
run a real bad injury, man. He broke his kneecap
in 2019, then he was rehabbing
to get back to the playoffs, broke it again during
the Eastern Conference Finals, missed the whole season,
was able to come back next year.
Just a great guy. I was fortunate to
meet him, shit, probably a decade ago before. i didn't even know who he was the broins
hadn't drafted him the organization signed him to the minor league deal
and i just randomly met him in the press box one night and shot the show to him
he's just such a nice guy you couldn't help but root for him so
uh i was very happy he got a pretty good career i wish it could have lasted
longer but personally want to send congrats to
kevin on an absolutely great run and again he was a warrior in black and gold wit i mean it's you've talked about it many times the amount of uh you know
emotional and mental strain that these injuries can can pile up and basically you just you know
you just can't do it anymore yeah he just became too much and that's a guy who did every possible
thing to get and stay healthy and he was able to get back and it just, you know,
sometimes it's not meant to be.
And that's not to say that his career wasn't awesome.
And I don't think he ever imagined he'd have the career that he did when he
was younger. Another guy I'd love to talk to,
but an unheralded guy coming out of college, right?
He had to bide his time and he had to earn his spot.
And then it's just unfair. Life is so unfair.
We've talked about that a million times times but he just couldn't stay healthy and part of it is the
physicality and and the the aggression he brought to the game and that's how he played obviously
it's going to be way harder to stay healthy when you're playing the way he did but it wasn't even
like you know it wasn't even like crazy plays that got him injured it was just over time and
the kneecap to come back and break it again.
That's when you kind of knew he was in one.
But when you talked about him not fighting that much already, it was true.
I don't think anyone wanted to go him.
The fact that they went from McQuaid to him, they were so similar.
They'd stand in there and beat your face in and smile while they did it.
And then they're two of the nicer guys away from the ice.
So I saw Chris Wagner put out a nice post talking
about the you know the ultimate ultimate competitor ultimate teammate something like that to that
extent so that was a guy when you watched him play you saw the improvement too throughout his career
he kept getting better and better all of a sudden he worked with adam oats right we had talked with
him working with adam oats he was noticeably making head fakes and making decisions with the puck that
he wasn't able to do when he came into the league.
So not only was he getting more minutes and a bigger role with the team,
he was getting better and better as a player skill-wise throughout that.
So definitely unfortunate.
I feel bad for him.
I know exactly how he feels in terms of not being able to stay healthy.
And I wish him the best because he was a great player.
And I think all the Bruins players will really miss him.
Well said, buddy.
Well said.
Well, we've been going for, what, almost an hour and a half.
We still haven't even gotten to the Seattle expansion list yet
because there's been so much news.
But first, we're going to go to Maroon and Killa.
We do got to say that this interview is brought to you by our friends at Body Armor.
Today's athletes deserve much more than your grandfather's tired old salty sports
drink which is full of artificial dyes at the body armor made with potassium packed electrolytes
antioxidants and b vitamins plus no artificial sweeteners flavors or dyes body armor sports
drink provides hard work and hydration and more plus it tastes great body armor helps today's
athletes stay on top of their game and it's also ideal for keeping slobs like myself hydrated during the summer months,
and that's why I'm slugging a bunch of these blue raspberries every day.
Bodyama is available for purchase in-store and on Amazon right now.
Go to drinkbodyama.com for more information.
And boys, I think we should send it over to the two Stanley Cup champions
at Tampa Bay right now.
So without further ado, Pat Maroon
and Alex Cologne.
Well, for the second
year in a row, we're lucky to have this pair of
recurring guests on the show to once again
discuss winning the Stanley Cup with the
Tampa Bay Lightning. And this year, we have
the pleasure of having them both on at the same time.
Thanks so much for joining us once again.
Alex Cologne and Pat Maroon, congrats on the
back-to-back cups, boys. Thanks for having us.
Thanks, R.A.
Absolutely. Could have been better.
You guys sound great.
Where are you guys at right now? First off,
Killer, where are you?
I'm still in Tampa right now.
Yeah.
I'm in St. Louis. Just sold my house house that's why i was looking at house hunting that's why i'm a little delayed got a little cluster
going on right now so we got to let everybody know patty's going to be hopping off here in a
few minutes because you had somebody drive your car from tampa to st louis you're two show time
now three cups in a row you don't drive your own vehicles i was so hung over that's a true
story i flew in my brother-in-law we were supposed to drive home on wednesday and i woke up packed a
car and i was so definitely hung over i called this guy freddie jenkins that helps out the guys
on the team a lot i was like is there any way you can help me out? And I packed it, parked at the rink. Some 24-year-old pilot drove my car down Saturday.
I got on a Southwest flight Wednesday night at 7 o'clock, packed my car.
I was too hungover.
I couldn't do it.
So you're not driving to St. Louis, but on the other end,
I think for game five, your brother Phil,
I guess there was no flights because of the Hurricane Elsa.
Yeah, they got canceled.
So the whole family ended up driving down
15 hours in the midst of a hurricane
to come see you win your third cup in a row.
You're okay putting their lives
at risk for your third cup for the
celebration or what? My brother will do anything
to watch me play.
My middle brother actually got a flight
to Orlando. It's like Lieutenant Dan
and fucking Forrest Gump on the way down to go celebrate the Cup.
I'd rather  I would rather, Biz, drive 15 hours than be on a Southwest flight.
That's the incredible thing.
Just a cattle call to the back.
You know he had like the E seating people.
Yeah, so you got this guy to drive your car up and now you're flying south west back
yeah class act out of the end boy hey you're getting called the cups in a row
you got all these endorsement deals you couldn't have got him a private uh a private plane through
wheels up or something because i was talking i was talking to killer before this and he said
you might be the first player ever to mention a shaving razor ad in your first interview right
after you guys won the cup you've just been raking it in hey shave logic baby
hey patty i'm just hoping with all these endorsements that you're going to be able
to pay off some of the boys from the golf bets that we've had going on.
Oh, I know.
I paid you.
Yeah, you're setting a record for most endorsements after winning the cup.
Hey, Killer.
Here's Killer.
Killer is like, oh, I'm a two, but I'm playing a six today.
And he rings off 74.
Oh, yeah.
Eddie, don't lie.
There's a lot of people listening.
Don't lie to everyone listening.
I've never done that. I think
that's a true statement.
No, that's dirty to do him like
that, Patty.
Don't do me like that, Patty.
Hey, Patty, I have my gin.
We play off my gin every time. Don't start.
And now for the listeners at home,
Patty's gone. He's absolutely
continually hungover. He said he was hungover two days. Oh, there he's gone. He's absolutely continually hung over.
He said he was hung over two days.
Oh, there he is.
Boys, I'll be right back.
Okay.
You look like you're on your entry-level deal with all the beard.
Holy shit.
I look like you, no hair.
So I guess now that Paddy's taken off for about 10 minutes,
we'll talk to Killer.
Well, first things first, man.
I guess like the main topic off the hop before we get into the stanley cup is you're you're not protected right now by tampa so if you want me to fucking
send a message over to ronnie maybe maybe even a death threat if he picks you up to go to seattle
uh we'll have to uh yeah we'll have to give him a leg like yours yeah well listen i mean i'm so
happy in tampa obviously with, I talked with Julian yesterday,
and I know he had a tough decision on who he was going to protect
and who he wasn't going to protect.
And, unfortunately for us, there's like three really good forwards.
There's more than three, but it seems like there's three
that they're going to be looking at to pick.
And, you know, I think for myself, I'd be really unhappy if I left Tampa.
I mean, I plan on retiring here.
I really don't want to go to Seattle, but you know what?
We did win two cups here, so I don't know what else to say.
I just wanted to, I guess, say that.
The all-time power move, Baze.
The Spezza move.
No, it's not the move.
Remember when they chucked him on waivers?
I'm going to retire now.
Spezza, yeah, I'm just going to retire if anyone takes me on waivers,
and there you go.
I think once Yanni Gortz took off his shirt during the boat parade,
that sealed the deal.
That guy's got like 2 body fat.
What a mutant.
Yeah, when he ate a turtle shell for lunch before the parade,
swallowed it.
Oh, let's talk about the festivities now.
You guys didn't end up getting to do the onstage
performance because it ended up getting rained out but you still got to do a little bit of
dock talk jet skiing with the cup what are you sorry we're doing the parade yeah like well the
the the the whatever when you know when you go on stage afterward it ended up getting rained out
right it got rained out it was terrible we um well that's when the whole fiasco with with patty
when he gets back on i'm sure he'll'll talk about it with the cup and everything.
But we were like in a, we had the whole crowd waiting, a ton of people.
I don't even know how many people.
They're all outside.
We're getting ready.
And they're like, you know, wait for the weather, wait for the weather.
It's going to rain.
It comes down hard.
And then there's a little bright spot where there's like 10 minutes where we can get out there and see the crowd.
And it's going to come down right again after.
And we're like, we got to go out there with the cup, show the crowd.
So we went out there.
It was like a thunderstorm, lightning everywhere.
The police were like, you guys have to get out of here.
It's very dangerous.
There's lightning everywhere.
You guys got the cup.
The fans were kind of trying to jump around the barriers um so
we didn't get to do the speeches and do that whole thing but um you know for safety reasons we had to
like get inside it was a crazy storm like a hurricane so um but it was fun nonetheless i
mean our owner was up there his family was raining it was unorganized because it was raining so bad. But, yeah, that was right before Patty, you know, dropped it.
Patty and him.
Yeah.
But everyone was in the same position as Patty.
And it was so rainy.
Like, you can't blame them anymore.
Well, I have to ask you first.
We'll go more into the celebration.
But for you, I mean, second period game, one of the cup finals,
you make an unreal play
block a shot from petrie and you break your leg now i need to be kind of um told by you like right
away did you know it was broken you ended up getting a rod put in and and this is also in
the midst of of just an unreal run by you a point per game guy throughout the entire playoff take
us through your mind and your body as that all went down so during the actual play i mean i don't know if you remember but headman lost his stick
and he was he needed a stick and as a forward you always want to get the d-man stick because
if there's a play down low the d-man has to have a stick because he's gonna he's more important
than a winger so i tried to hand it off to him like three times it took him a while to get it
if you look at the replay but um i end
up blocking the shot i knew it hurt i knew it hit me pretty good but as players you always think you
know whenever you get a shot off the foot it always hurts it never feels good so then i keep
playing and i'm like you know it doesn't feel great but in between periods i don't want to take
my boot off because as you know as a hockey player once you take the boot off if it's badly bruised it's going to swell up you're not going to be able to get your skate
back on so I get a toradol shot and be like okay let's go out and play and then once I got on for
the third period I knew because I tried to take a shift I couldn't I couldn't push off my left foot
did the x-ray after um doctor told me it was it was cracked so that's that's when i found out and
like you said it was tough for me because i felt like i was playing some of the best hockey of my
life and then in the stanley cup finals against my hometown team like a lot of people watching
yeah it sucked it was brutal i know you said you wanted to play game six or seven if you if you
needed to were you actually medically cleared to play if necessary, those games?
Yeah. I mean, I was medically cleared to play once I had the rod,
there was a rod in the bone. So the bone couldn't break anymore.
I tried to play game four, which was stupid, but in my mind, I was like, the team could potentially win it tonight.
I just got a rod put in my fibula i at least have to try this like
what am i gonna i just went through a surgery i'm gonna i'm gonna try it for a game and we clinch
so i ended up the problem was for game four i skated in the morning and they had to shoot me up
uh to numb to numb the leg so like that's the only way i could skate it actually felt really
good in the morning and i was like, there might be a chance here.
And then during the game, they give you a Toradol, which helps you kind of get through the game.
So I thought I was going to be fine for game four.
Game four comes.
They shoot up the ankle again.
And there was just too much fluid from all the numbing agent that they had put in there.
And it just swole up.
And I couldn't even skate.
So game four was not going to happen.
Game five, it was even worse.
But I thought, realistically, game six, for sure game seven.
Game six, I was going to try to play.
Now, when you say the rod got put in,
was that something done to try to get you back quicker,
or was that just the surgery that needed to happen no matter what no it was only done to get the doctors i talked to probably 10
i had a sir two surgeons that came to my house like the day after and they're like we would never
recommend this to anyone but if you want to play this is the only way that you'll ever be allowed
to play and even if you get it, like five of the guys were like,
you're probably not going to play.
Like, so you're just going to have a rod in your leg.
But I woke up the first night.
I was like, I'm not going to do the surgery.
All these doctors are saying it's probably not the best idea.
But then in my mind, I was like, if this thing goes to game seven
and I don't even give myself a chance to play,
like I don't know if i'll be able to live
with myself you know and then and they also told me like the rod you know it's going to be in your
fibula it's not going to be like it's not going to affect you long term it's gonna it's gonna be
fine so okay so then that's what i kind of was wondering so there's nothing that needs to be
done now there's not another surgery okay that was nice yeah it was an unnecessary surgery but
i it was needed to be done to play, right?
So I couldn't have been good in five weeks or six weeks just, like, resting it.
No, you're like, actually, for Seattle listening, I got to get four more surgeries.
Actually, if Seattle's listening, my fibula's broken.
I actually don't have a leg anymore.
They chopped it off.
The doctor, I'm actually members of the golf course.
He's like, kill it.
I know you don't need the rod, but if you get the rod in,
you'll probably be able to play golf earlier in the summer too.
Take some more money off Patty.
Put it in.
Oh, that's unbelievable.
Now, hey, let's talk about the guy who was inserted for you, Joseph.
I mean, he did a great job of coming in, made plays.
As he continually got a regular shift, he fit right in.
Like, Joe is a really good player, and he's young,
and he's still finding his way.
But when he's skating, he's really hard to stop.
And I remember watching games when you're not playing is so nerve-wracking,
especially when you're supposed to be involved.
Hit on my whole career. Yeah, so you get it um but in the Stanley Cup final it's a little different
um but Matthew Joseph I remember watching like every time they would flip a puck he would out
skate the Canadian D-man and he would make it so hard on them uh I thought he was huge part in the
series for sure and then ended up setting up Paddy.
Now, one thing I got to ask Paddy when he gets back on,
I was getting a little bit of dirt on what we were going to ask Paddy,
and he said when he came over from St. Louis,
St. Louis was not a very superstitious team.
Oh, my God.
But he said that you guys are one of the most superstitious teams,
and he was carving them all, but yet as time went on, Paddy has now became one of the most superstitious teams and he was carving them all but yet as time went on patty has now became one of the most superstitious guys on the team like
what what are guys doing that are so crazy that he that blew his mind if you bring patty in right
now he will deny till he dies that he's the most superstitious player i was talking to headman right
before this i'm like what can i say on spit and chick? Patty Maroon came in to the lightning and he was like,
we had been the team that was always trying to win and we couldn't find a way
to win. And we got Pat Maroon who had just won with the St.
Louis blues. And he, you know, he knew the way to do it. Right.
He had just won. He's like, you guys are so superstitious, man.
Like in St. Louis, we didn't do this shit.
And he kept giving us crap because like our team I mean I don't know
what other teams are but we must be the most superstitious team in the NHL every guy I mean
there's certain guys that sing a song in the bathroom before a game like crazy names no I'm
not gonna name any names what song it's a bunch of different songs that all include different guys
names and it's crazy
honestly like when savard got traded we're like hey if you go in the bathroom at a certain time
like there's gonna be a song there's like six guys like doing acapella in there it's really
weird just like sorry it's just they've been doing it for two years like don't worry about it
but the thing was patty came in he had no superstitions, and now he's the most superstitious guy on the team.
Yeah, he's got, like, plenty of things.
And I wish he was here so we could get his viewpoint.
He'll deny it until they die.
It's the dog days are over.
Big Pitch Perfect fans.
Yeah, R.A.'s in there chatting with him, doing his karaoke bit.
And I think it all started because Marty St. Louis,
who obviously was a captain and a big part of the franchise,
was a very superstitious guy.
And it kind of trickled down like Stammer and then other guys.
And Marty would do the exact same thing every minute.
You knew it was happening before the game.
So maybe it trickled down from him.
But it gets a little crazy, honestly.
It's like a little weird.
Well, talk to us and everyone listening about
Kucherov's post-game press conference, game five.
Now, how much time had he spent in the locker room?
And like, was it one of those things where he went in
and you guys were like,
I don't know what he's going to say right now.
Because it's pretty clear that he's a funny bastard.
He's hilarious.
And when Kuch goes, he goes goes if you know what i mean like he he picks his spots but when he goes
he goes and it's usually once or twice a year um but me headman and stammer were doing our press
conference and it was kind of tame we were just talking about how great the team was and how the team may not be together next year
and kind of just going over things.
And Cooch just came in and was tossing Bud Lights at us,
like at our heads.
And we were  I was a little worried because it was supposed to be Cooch,
someone else, and someone else, but it was only Cooch with his shirt off.
So I was like, should we just leave him here to do his own media?
Like he's a little tuned up. He's feeling good. And we were like, whatever,
we got to go hang out with the cup, you know? So we left him in there.
And you know what? He went off a little bit, as you guys know,
he's pretty funny guy. I think some people,
especially me being from Montreal, I think a lot of people didn't take it the right way
and thought he was disrespecting the Montreal Canadiens.
He definitely wasn't doing that.
I think there was a lot of fans he would have talked the same about.
The Islanders fans were probably worse than the Montreal Canadiens fans,
honestly, with the antics that they were doing.
They were the worst.
Yeah.
But he was just in that moment, he kind of gave it to them and, you know, I thought it was,
it was kind of funny.
Well, I'm sure another reason you don't want to get picked up by Seattle is
you've kind of became Mr. Tampa. You rep all the other sports teams,
of course, Tampa Bay, the Buccaneers as well, the Rays.
And then you ended up having that video that came out with Gronk.
Now, how, how was that on ice session with him?
And I think that he has a bit of a hockey background I was reading up on.
Yeah, so
and that's what I love about Tampa.
It's such a small town
feeling. Yeah, killer.
Oh, geez. Here we go.
You want me to finish
this? Yeah, finish that
and we're going to go back to Patty about what we were chirping
about earlier. Yeah, so like you said before,
me being in Tampa, I've been here for nine years uh i plan on retiring here when i'm done
playing and then when you talk about gronk like it's such a small town we know his manager is
his manager goes hey he wants to come skate with you guys okay come out we skate uh it was a fun
time and if you patty patty was on the ice we were shooting on him and we were actually we were all
so worried because he put on vasilevsky's gear and uh he didn't put on any of the like for his
legs and knees he didn't put on anything so you could see his skin um and me and stan were taking
one tease and we were so worried that if if he like went the wrong way and we caught the inside
of his knee and uh you know he had to miss time If for one of us taking a one-time run,
we were really worried about that, but he was actually pretty good at that.
I mean, that guy is the most down to earth,
big time celebrity you'll ever meet in your life. Just a big kid.
Doesn't care. Has fun. Come talk to anyone. Great guy.
How were his on ice abilities?
I think he, he hit Patty pretty good one time he had trouble
getting on the skates he was a little bit back and forth like uh but he you know he grew up playing
hockey his brothers were actually pretty decent too patty we were talking about how you became
the most superstitious player on the tampa bay lightning That's embarrassing, Patty. You're against that. Embarrassing. Holy fuck.
You used to just drink.
That's false. I am not
superstitious at all.
He said this is how it would go down, that you'd deny
it, and it's all true.
I am not. I think
the biggest one is Hedman and
Point, I would say.
And Stammer. Patty,
you've become the most superstitious guy on the team.
You put your stick in the garbage every game.
He has a ritual with Sorelli where he tells him how to tie his knee brace,
even though they do it every single game.
He goes, no, no, you got to tie it a little bit tighter here.
He goes, oh, okay.
What about that?
I mean, I can go on for days
hey the evidence is damning if it makes my if it makes my teammates better
i'm like i'm assuming next you're going to deny the chub club ever existed with coot back in the
in the st louis days and then i'm assuming you're going to deny denting the cup as well.
Well,
Chubb Club happened.
And from a PR standpoint, I got told I cannot talk
about it. Unless I would tell you.
I'm sure you already heard.
I didn't hear how it got dented.
I know, but I can't talk
about it anymore. What are you going to fucking court
about it?
Hey, that's
what I got told, so I don't know.
Alright, the cup.
Can I say something? Me and
Patty, me, Patty, and Ryan McDonough
were supposed to go on the Jimmy Fallon show
and the cup broke and we
couldn't go after that.
Goodness.
We had a trip to New York. How many more Instagram
followers would you have picked up after that?
Yeah, probably like a couple.
Patty could have done another Razor deal.
It would have been great.
Taylor's been on for like 20 years.
I'm catching up.
Patty, I got to ask you one thing.
Apparently you had something planned for when everybody was going to go on stage,
but that ended up getting canceled.
So you were going to up last year's performance when you had no shirt on you had the bougie scarf with the silly fedora hat
what did you have planned this year can you talk about what you were going to do considering you
couldn't do it are you going to wait till you do a fourth cup in a row to do it uh no i mean i wasn't
i know cooch was going to say something hysterical. I know that.
I know he was going to go off the rails and say something funny.
But I was going to...
I mean, I'm going to wait until I win it again.
Because it was supposed to be a really unique situation
where everyone's going to be like, they're jaw-dropping.
So if I say it, it won't even be funny.
I think it would have to be in the moment and understand,
and then the pictures go viral, then you guys make me go viral
because that's what you guys do.
Just like pee in the pants situation.
Allegedly.
Allegedly.
Which I did not.
Obviously, you guys know beer goes down the line.
I want to go back to the three-peat that Biz mentioned.
Yeah, the first plate of three-peat since the Islanders' dynasty back in the 80s.
Just the fourth ever player to win three cups in a row with two different teams
in the first ever in the expansion era.
You're going to be going for four in a row next year,
assuming Seattle doesn't pick you up.
This must be way beyond any wildest dreams you've ever had, no?
Yeah, I mean, it's been remarkable.
I've been blessed. Obviously, the first one went in my hometown that was pretty much you know you
you thought it was done and then you go to a dynasty like tampa and you know i thought we
were arguably the best team the last two years and it's been fun to watch it's been fun to watch
the guys grow you know play the right way and i've been lucky enough to find a role and, you know, use it as an advantage and be part of history with, you know, two great organizations.
And, you know, it takes, you know, 25 guys to win a Stanley Cup and, you know, it takes a good hockey team.
I've been fortunate to play for two great organizations the last three years and uh can't thank my
teammates enough without them i don't think we you know i raised the cup so uh it's been honestly
all right i'm still like soaking all that it's kind of fucking crazy that like you sit back and
you're like you're a three-time stanley cup champ but you're three times in a row it's not like you
won it over a span of your career and to think about some people don't even get the chance to win or even go to the Stanley Cup Finals.
So, like I said, it all starts with teammates and organization first.
So, you know, I've been blessed in that sense.
Are you running out of places to take the cup?
Seriously.
Well, last year we didn't get one.
So I'm like, I'm hoping the NHL hears this.
I think we should get two days in a row.
I think that's bullshit if we don't.
Shady got his last night, I saw.
Yeah, but he only won one, so he gets one day.
Hey, there's not enough time.
Yeah, that's true.
Next season starts in two weeks, so.
I don't think I'm ready.
Patty, bring it to the box bring it to the boxing club where cam jansen was knocking out kids from the ushl
if i did the cup would get done to me again hey uh hey what what do guys in the locker room make
of uh patty clucking like a chicken in round one against the florida panthers
like do you guys have a good chuckle at all these silly things he's doing on the ice
i mean i don't i don't usually see them until like you guys post it honestly a lot of times
you don't see it during the game i mean i love i loved uh when in the finals when uh anderson was
kind of running around and i know anderson he's a great guy but patty came in and kind of running around and I know Anderson he's a great guy but Paddy
came in and kind of gave him the business and there was a mic'd up version and I think that's
a big reason why we brought Paddy or not we brought but the Lightning brought Paddy on the
on the team is he brings a toughness and he's he's a good locker room guy and then you know
he definitely has a presence on the ice on the locker room and he's a huge reason why we won
two cups in a row and I think all of his teammates love him it's a it's a huge part of who he is can you talk to us about
how that coleman just scores full-blown highlight real goals like that guy he's just he's so clutch
that whole line you know everyone's talked about him but what a player he was did you guys know
anything about him when he was brought in last year? I played with him in Jersey.
Oh, no shit.
I forgot about that.
I forgot you were even in Jersey.
You were so fucking invisible on that game.
Back the game notes, bud.
I didn't do shit in Jersey, biz.
No, he's a hell of a player, man.
He's a gamer.
He's against us.
Oh, my God.
This is the Patty Maroon roast.
I know.
I can take it.
Put some respect on your name.
Hey, you know who else isn't giving you respect?
That Islanders fan at the Coliseum after game six.
He had the finger right in your grill coming off the ice,
but you got the last laugh, eh, Patty?
Anything you want to say to him right now?
I'll just give him the fucking bird because he gave it back to me,
but I'd love to shove my bird right up his ass.
Jesus.
Hey, but going back to what Killer said
and the fact that they brought you in for your physicality,
I mean, we saw it, of course, in that first playoff run with Tampa.
But this year, it seemed like more than ever,
especially that first series against Florida,
there were a few situations.
And even going back to that Islander series,
like, Matty Martin's a tough customer.
And you guys had some pretty good fucking battles.
Yeah. Yeah, because, you know, I'm just
obviously, I'm not  you know, I just kind of take my role on
and just try to stick up for my teammates and try to make them, you know, a little bigger, you know, I just kind of take my role on and just try to stick up for my teammates
and try to make them, you know, a little bigger, you know, when they go on the ice, you know,
if our team's a little bigger and they feel like, you know, they can trip back, you know,
trip back tough guys knowing they have some of the bench that would respond, you know,
that makes a huge, huge difference. And I think our team plays bigger, they play better that way,
and they're not playing scared. So, you know, I just try to do my job.
You know, it's not the Conor McDavid days, but, you know,
three cups later I'll be okay.
We had Koop on last week.
Obviously you go way back with him.
He had his incredible journey with us.
What makes him such a special coach?
You've been under him for so long.
I think just his swagger.
I think how he says timely things at the right time.
He has great speeches.
He motivates the guys.
He gets the guys going.
He's a player's coach.
He's a good talker.
He knows how to talk one-on-one.
But yeah, for me, you know, this year, something, you know, just popped up.
Just how we won last year was just a unique way with COVID, no fans.
And like the way he said this year, it's like we have an opportunity, you know, to run it back. We have a full team, basically.
And we have a chance to win it with fans in the stands this year.
And, you know, we can be part of greatness.
And, you know, we didn't have our cup days.
And he just reminded us.
And I think that's what kind of motivated the boys and the way he said things.
And I think you just kind of repeat itself in your head.
You're like, shit, we didn't get a cup day.
Like, we didn't get a regular cup season.
You know, like, we had a parade yeah but
like it wasn't normal so um the way he said things you know timely situations and the way he motivated
us and i think that's why he's such a great coach in this league and he's only going to get better
right you know now he's a winner a true winner and um you know the boys play hard for him and
that's that's a good sign
killer we uh we mentioned we talked to coop and he brought up your name in in that the year you
finished at harvard you came over and that stack team in norfolk won the calder cup it included
palat you tyler johnson and i mean you must have seen right away he was a good coach but did you
have any idea how good like palat and these other guys were that went on to be these two-time Stanley Cup champs with you?
No, I mean, I don't think any of us, when you're in the NHL, you're just trying to get to the NHL.
You're not even thinking about being a cup champion, let alone a two-time Stanley Cup champion.
I know for myself, when I left Harvard, I was lucky because Tampa had like six or maybe four guys that were up with the lightning, not Norfolk.
So I had a chance to play right away.
Luckily played and we won.
But if you ask any of those guys, I mean, even Patty, I know when he was playing and he's played in Norfolk and Adirondack, too.
You're not really thinking about am I going to be a cup champion or anything like that?
It's just how do I get to the next level?
And how do I become an NHL player?
How do I become a stable NHL player?
But you could tell guys like Tyler Johnson was a stud.
Like he was MVP star.
Palat was a guy who no one knew about,
but he's, his development, he grew so much.
And every year he's gotten just better, better, better,
better. And you look at him now, he's one of the best players in the NHL.
Like, so, you know, but yeah, like I said,
no one would have thought back then that we'd be doing what we're doing now.
Any special plans with the cup this year that you weren't able to do last time?
Well, the tough part for me is like Pattyty restrictions are completely lifted i'm sure in st
louis but montreal and canada it's kind of still up in the air so it would suck to have two times
where i couldn't really celebrate the cup properly with my family we're trying to figure it out it's
just you're at the whims of the government like they're they have dates and plans and gatherings
of certain amount of people where
you can have 50 people outside i'm like 50 people like it's not my family's more than 50 people i
gotta invite a lot more than that but you know what in the end you got to make the most of what
you have and uh hopefully we can do something fun for everyone and the cup days yes patty it's not
really about you i've been with the cup the past, you know, two weeks partying with it.
It's more about the people, your coaches that you grew up with,
your family, people that helped you along the way.
You want to celebrate them, so you want them to be a part of it.
I just want to go back to the injury real quick.
It sounds like you've had injuries that hurt much more than a broken fibula,
no?
I know you described it earlier.
No, I mean, it sucked, man.
I couldn't walk.
I mean, ask Patty.
I was, I wasn't with the team.
Everyone said I traveled.
I wasn't with the team in Montreal.
I was staying back and I was rehabbing it.
I couldn't make the flight because my surgery was that morning.
It sucked.
I couldn't walk.
But whenever you can, like, when, once you numb it up, you get like a little bit of hope
and you're like, well, you know, maybe I can play with this thing.
Then you're like, but I'm going to have to play against Shea Weber.
Am I going to be able to do that?
I don't want to go out there and hurt the team.
In the Stanley Cup Finals, the team's playing pretty well.
I don't want to go out there and be that guy.
It was a really tough week and a half for me to figure out whether i was going to do the surgery and then once i got it if i was
going to play or not but yeah it didn't feel good i don't want to i'll speak on that though like
when he got surgery and he's like everyone's like oh killer's gonna play we're like holy
shit this would be fucking unreal and then he he meets us in Montreal for game four, morning skate.
He's ripping around.
I'm like, there's no fucking way.
It was just cool to see, like, you know, him taking warm-ups
and, like, him out there, like, literally trying everything he can to play.
And I feel like that's why, our team was going to win just guys like
that.
And like McDonough play with a broken freaking can,
you know,
cooch broken rib.
But I mean like with killer,
I mean,
that was fucking unreal to like see.
And it just motivated the guys even more.
I mean,
the guy just put a freaking metal rod in his ankle and he's skating three
days later, a day later.
We got R.A. trying to downplay it over here.
No, he said it just felt like a ding earlier,
almost like he was going to go back up and shoot it up.
It didn't seem like it hurt as bad.
Well, it makes sense why the GM was getting emotional talking about it,
because it was, even as you're saying, Patty,
other guys are so appreciative, and it just shows what it takes.
It's a great story. story i mean it really is and i think killer was having an unreal playoff too
like he was arguably one of our best forwards to all playoffs and then to see a guy go down like
that game one and then see a guy try to come back in a metal rod and his freaking ankle you know
on game three flies there for game four morning skates, pregame skates.
I mean, it was just, it was pretty cool to see.
And I feel like that's why the boys were going to battle through this
and win.
You know, Taylor was a huge loss too.
You talk about all these players battling through injuries.
I mean, you just mentioned the broken leg, McDonough's broken hand,
but I heard actually the biggest injury that hasn't been talked about
during playoffs was the fact that you got a spider bite patty maroon and and and i did not see that one coming
to the point where these guys with broken legs and broken hands couldn't even get the attention
of the doctors hey patty before you get that i'm still scarred
hey to the point where they didn't know if you were going to be able to play or not.
No, I was scared out of my mind.
Who texted you that?
I just didn't know who texted you.
Hattie or Stammer?
Bunch of fun.
I'll let you hop in, killer.
Is it true?
Like, I wasn't in the room.
Obviously, I wasn't in the room for the last couple games.
But I heard you got a Toradol shot legitimately for the spider bite.
And, like, you  no, no, no.
Not only that, Patty, but, like, Mac was, like, my hand
he was trying to talk to the doctor about his broken hand,
and Goody had the broken hand, and you, like,
kind of just pushed him to the side.
You're like, hey, I got this spider bite.
Like, I can't play, and you got a Toradol shot.
I don't know.
You let me know. You did get a Toradol shot, I can't play, and you got a four-doll shot. I don't know. You let me know.
You did get a four-doll shot.
I did get a four-doll shot.
They're like, Doc, can I get a shot?
No, we just got our last one on Patty for a spider bite.
It was a daddy long-legged spider.
It's like, okay, McDonough can't play.
We gave all the four-doll shots away.
Sorry, Patty.
Oh, my God.
Oh, my. we gave all the tour doll shots away sorry oh my god oh my yeah honestly at the spider bike turned into a superstition though because heady would come in this is this is pretty fucked up so i
came in mcdonough was talking and i was like doc i got a spider right it was blowing and like
literally blew up like a balloon and i was freaking out but i did not get a tour at all
because of that my knee and back were hurting so but yeah we did say i got it for the spider bite
oh fuck that's fucking funny though hey going back to cooch i mean he's he's still pretty
russian is there guys in the team like when they get called up he has no clue what their names are
and like in like evgeny malkin calls them by their number.
Who, Cooch?
Yeah, Cooch.
He probably just won't talk to him.
I don't like Malkin.
That is sick.
Cooch's English is perfect.
No, Malkin.
He's not as bad as Malkin.
I mean, you guys told me this.
I heard this story about Malkin.
Cooch knows guys' names and stuff.
I mean, there was one guy there was one
black ace remember patty who was like attached he said him and cooch were a package deal and they
would skate when cooch was hurt every day and we did the test we did the test on on the cup when
we had the dinner we're like cooch come sit down here and this guy walcott had sitting uh had
skated with cooch for like what is it 40 days or
something we're like cooch what's this guy's name and he got it daniel walcott okay all right there
you go there you go yeah hey hey on a serious note did cooch really not know who i was because
that was one of the more embarrassing moments uh of my uh of my life i felt like an absolute
fucking i feel like he did know who you were. I think he just said that.
I think he just said that, yeah.
I love it.
Just like the Fleury thing. He knew who
Fleury was. I think he
was just
that guy in Vegas.
He was waffled.
He was waffled, too.
I think one of the craziest stats was the fact
in these two runs that you guys didn't lose back-to- to back going at the fact that you guys had all these superstitions.
Would you guys mention it in the room before the next game?
Like, was it something that was talked about or did you guys just completely let it fly under the radar?
What?
Like the fact that you guys had never lost back to back games.
So following a loss, would you guys in the locker room before the next game?
Would you guys mention it at all?
Would there have been any talks about it right before you called?
I don't think so, Killer.
I remember one time it got brought up.
It was  I think it was game six.
We lost against the Islanders.
And I think Stammer came to the locker room and goes,
don't worry, boys, we never lose two in a row.
That's the only time I remember hearing it.
I don't know if you remember that at all.
Well, we talked earlier  or maybe it was with coop i think about how two times you guys spoke as a team about how the team was going to be broken up um was that you know before the
playoffs in the middle how did that all go about like the second time it was brought up especially
you take it, Paddy.
Go ahead.
Paddy's like, we're battling through injuries.
I got a fucking spider bite. There's a fucking tarantula in my neighborhood.
I forget which
game it was, but
it was in the Islander series, and I think
it was a couple...
The guys, we just had a team... I think
every day we have our meetings, like
our fight PK. You remember? Do you want to talk about it? Do you want to talk about it? the guys we just had a team i think the every day we have our meetings like oh we're like pk
you remember about that you want to talk about it or you know what about it no i just didn't hear
him i'm cutting out i didn't hear you talk about it i feel like i've been talking more than you
talk oh so we had a i was talking to mack truck and i think mack truck kind of went back and talked
to stammer it was on the plane i remember I went back to the bathroom and Mack truck was
talking to stammer. And for me and Mack, we're talking that night,
just hanging out and just kind of figuring out what we need.
And I think we just, we didn't need anything like no video, no nothing.
We just needed like a, a man to man conversation about like, listen,
this team's not going to be together next year kind of.
And like this is once-in-a-lifetime kind of opportunity for all of us.
So like let's take this by the balls and kind of use that as fuel for everyone
because we can make history.
And, you know, Mack Truck spoke up.
But I think what Stammer said was he pretty much hit all the topics.
I don't remember what he said, killer to my eyes today,
but, like, it was pretty cool to see it.
You know, like everyone kind of talked,
especially once your captain talks and Mack Truck talks.
It was pretty cool.
So that's how it kind of all started.
Mack Truck kind of got Stammer on on board and then they went to coop.
And yeah,
we had a player's own meeting before game seven against Long Island.
Pat, you guys mentioned the Islanders a minute ago.
Was the only time you guys maybe shit your pants a little bit during game
seven versus them where it was such a tight game.
It was basically the finals right there. No disrespect to Montreal,
but they gave you the toughest punch you guys took.
Yeah. I, I was, I woke up from my nap pretty nervous. I'll tell you that.
I think, I mean, people forget we won on a, you know, PK goal.
So we won one, nothing. I mean, that game could have won either way.
I mean, we could have won zero, zero and overtime.
Long Island could have scored, but you know,
I think that was the best series that I played in that this, you know, this playoffs, they were good. Long Island was very good. You know, I think that was the best series that I played in this playoffs.
They were good.
Long Island was very good.
You know, I thought their goalie was really good, too.
And, you know, top players were going head-to-head,
and it was pretty fun to watch.
And they rolled all four lines.
We were rolling all four lines, so it was a good battle.
Yeah, I would say that was the most nervous I've been in a long time
about a playoff series.
And I didn't have any of those moments, you know, the past two years.
Did you guys notice it smelling like cigarettes and beer
in game six at the Coliseum?
And what was that experience like playing in that arena,
especially with the fans?
That was as close to a soccer stadium as you're going to see in the NHL.
For sure.
That place was awesome.
The best part is, like, when they get the puck roaming,
like Barzell's doing, like, 10 circles in the Ozone.
I don't know what they say.
They just fucking chant the whole time.
It's just like  and I was out there one time.
I got the puck.
I was just hearing that noise.
I was shaking.
My hands were shaking.
I was like, get the fucking puck out.
Get the fuck out.
But, yeah, I mean, it's pretty loud in there, and it makes you kind of nervous,
and you wonder why they win home games.
You know what I mean?
You wonder why, like, they're really good at home.
And, I mean, it was  I mean, Killer can talk about it too.
I mean, it was fucking very loud in there, very loud.
It was probably the loudest building.
Carolina was loud, but Long Island was pretty loud.
Yeah, I mean, when I think about the Islanders,
how many fans do they get there?
It's like 13,000 or 14,000 or something.
Either way.
There's not that many.
It feels like when you would play, like, when we used to play,
people would be like, what?
Like, Cornell was such a we used to play and people would be like what like cornell was
such a hard place to play in college because the fans were like right on top of you when you go to
these big stadiums sometimes the fans could get lost in on the on the island the fans are right
on top of you they're chanting all the time every single one is giving you the double middle fingers
it doesn't matter if they're like three years old to 80,
everyone's given the middle, the double middle fingers. They're passionate.
I remember when they would win, they would, they would remember what the pickup trucks, Patty, there was like three people in pickup trucks,
just following us back to our hotel. I'm like, God, these guys.
Yeah. Like a businessman would just pull up.
Like he had a suit on businessman and he would like, he would look over, he would see it was a lightning had a suit on, businessman. And he would look over.
He would see it was a lightning.
He had a suit on, middle finger.
It's like, God, that's like someone's dad.
It's like Texas Chainsaw Massacre scene where they're chasing the guy down
with the bright lights, a little high beam flash.
Yeah.
We were at, I don't know if I, well, I guess I can't say it
because we were allowed to go to dinner.
But we had like a team dinner and these kids were hanging outside.
Just chirping us.
Chirping us.
Giving it to us like Long Island fans, like chirping it.
Babe, go get the key.
Sorry.
The guys forgot.
The guys that drove my car took my key so the Uber driver had to drive it back.
Oh, jeez.
Oh, man have these little kids
this little kid came up to me he goes hey bud do you want to you can say bud will you sign this
for me i'm like what the fuck they're like chirping us like long island kids it's fucking
his name's frank and his last name is Morelli.
You'd have to have people testing your food before you ate it.
Guys dying left and right PR guys sacrificing themselves.
They loved us in that restaurant,
Patty.
They were good.
They did love us in that restaurant.
Why don't we get in this golf game going though?
Oh,
I don't know.
This is going to be excellent.
Although I'm like this and killer's going to be excellent. I'm like Fizz, and Killer's
going to beat you for sure.
Especially if he says he's a six-fucking
handicap like you're trying to say.
Don't listen to that story.
Patty, there's a lot of people
who are going to think I'm a sandbagger for real now.
I'll show you my gin.
I play on one leg.
He's a plus two.
I'm not a plus two.
I get shots off him. No. I'm not a plus two. Perfect. So I get shots off him.
I get shots on him.
No, I'm not a plus two.
I'm a point six.
Killer's going to have the Conor McGregor card out there.
Just hitting it off the card.
Hey, so, Patty, going back to some of these endorsements, though,
I think you have a hairline product coming out.
And I know you messaged me about it.
I would love to collaborate on a commercial to pop this thing off.
We are.
We're popping off.
So we're dropping later this week or next week.
It's called Letty Dressing.
This kid that is from Minnesota, he's like a TikTok star.
He's the one that started the Frozen Tarps.
And his TikTok is getting millions of views. So he reached out to me and he's like, hey started like that's the frozen tarps and his tiktok is getting like
millions of views so he reached out to me and he's like hey i have this good idea i don't know if
it's going to work but all my boys play in the north american hockey league i'm just a golfer
at utc he goes to university of tampa um so yeah we're dropping it's good i heard it's
as of right now i heard it's product. I'm getting it in this week and he's been using his boys,
been using it. And, uh, is it gel or like conditioner? What is it?
It's LA look style.
It's shampoo conditioning and, uh, gel for your hair. So like, um,
homemade like product. So I'm a dab of Dan, man. man so we have we have a bunch coming and we're
gonna drop it and this thing's gonna blow up so um letty dressing i think you guys i'm gonna send
i just said granelli some so once i get once we start dropping it i think i need you guys to do
a little plug for me so uh i'm to have to pay you guys a sponsor.
Send us an UberX down to drive us to St. Louis.
You can fly us home.
It's going to be good, though.
You can
put some of that here.
What about R.A.?
You got the bald shine?
R.A. can crank it with it.
We're going to invent some bald shiny? R.A. can crank it with it. We're going to invent some bald shiny for R.A.
Yeah, I don't think I need it today.
Killer, I got one more for you.
At what point during game five, we're talking about superstitions
and how you have a superstitious group.
At what point during game five do you decide to suit up
so you can take the lap with the cup without wanting to jinx anything?
So, good question.
Yeah, that's a great question.
I always wanted to know this.
I always wanted to know this.
Nice little bounce back from the fake injury that Kalorn was bitching about.
Oh yeah. Yeah. Some people would,
I'm sure would want to know this because all the black aces and everyone gets,
was on the ice right when we want,
but people don't realize we lost in game four in overtime.
So we were all dressed in the locker room, ready to go.
And there's actually a funny story last year
when all the boys, they didn't have another room
and they had to go in the shower
because we were coming in pissed off against Dallas
when Corey Perry scored that goal
when we could have clinched.
But they were all waiting in the showers
and they had to wait for us to all get undressed last year.
But this year, I was in the coach's room watching um I didn't want to get
dressed till I knew it was like whatever so I waited till overtime and then in overtime I got
dressed um they scored we went back for game five and I must have got dressed in the last probably
two minutes because I wanted to be there with the guys I didn't want to jinx it but I had to be I
wanted to be there when it all happened so didn't want to jinx it, but I had to be  I wanted to be there when it all happened.
So probably maybe two minutes is a little bit not enough time.
But, you know, there's a six-minute TV timeout.
Or is it  yeah, six minutes.
After that six-minute TV timeout, I grabbed my stuff,
and I was like, we got to go here.
But, yeah, it's nerve-wracking.
You don't want to put any bad
Where do you guys sit?
The question, though, where do you guys sit, actually, like TV?
Like is there a TV in the locker?
Or do you guys go back into the locker room and watch?
I was watching it with Lambert in the training room.
The Black Aces were upstairs.
We all, like, kind of watched in different spots.
Yeah.
And then we just went to the ice, yeah,
and we watched, like like the last 30 seconds
or whatever killer you mentioned jokingly the season starts in two weeks it is a quick turnaround
and for guys you two going on long stretches now granted you're battling an injury but
when do you start like working out or skating again it's got to be like at least a month off
or how do you approach this i mean i'll give you my answer then patty can give you his i mean you know i didn't mean
but uh you have to take time away you have to clear your mind i don't care i personally enjoy
like working out i can't just sit at home i golf but you got to get away from the game you have to
clear your mind the seasons are too much of a grind you have to get away from the game. You have to clear your mind. The seasons are too much of a grind.
You have to get away from it.
So for me, I won't like think about  I enjoy working out,
but in terms of like picking up a hockey stick and skating,
I don't know when I'm going to do that.
It's going to be probably  when does the season start?
October.
When does the camp start?
It's what, September 20th?
23rd.
Yeah, maybe, I don't know end of august
like middle of august i don't know yeah i hear you so but i mean everyone's different some guys
like kucherov will be on the ice next week because some guys like some guys don't want to get away
from it some guys like to always feel the puck and kind of see things and then some guys need more time like you know it's just different from guy to guy
and patty probably is different than me yeah well for me i'm starting tomorrow working out
but i won't skate until like september 1st yes um but no but no but no but on a serious note
wit to kind of follow your thing follow my wife is laughing at me right
next to me she's like you are going to the gym you're getting you know like it's yeah you're
going to one of those executive workouts sauna stretch yeah sit on the bike for two seconds
yeah i think you guys have played eight playoff rounds in the last 10 months so this is even a
little bit more abnormal than usual because of the because of the whole uh quarantine and covet situation
yeah i mean it's been a grind man like it's crazy to think about how many playoff games and how many
games we actually played the last two years and every other day like every you know like playoffs like we were playing back-to-backs in the covid rules
like in the bubble during the playoff like game seven we're playing back-to-backs i mean that's
unheard of crazy so i think i mean it's just crazy like killer said though we need our time away from
the rake i think guys need to get their body moving for sure. Like, guys will go into the gym, like you said, wet, do the fake sauna stretch,
get away from their old ladies kind of deal.
Put motor on for four hours.
Patty, another thing that ended up going viral too I got to mention
is that Hannah Hill, she ended up putting on that bathing suit
that had the hairy chest on it with the big pancake nipples.
I was dying.
She dressed up exactly like you.
I don't know how many people who are listening have social media, but she pretty much nailed it.
And then there was a shot of you looking at her where you were like, yeah, that's a fan right there.
Yeah, I was dying.
I was me and McDonough were dying laughing.
We're like Peter selves.
That was hysterical.
We threw her a beer. We threw her a beer.
We threw her a beer.
That was like...
You gotta send them the video of how many
times people threw you a beer and you
missed in a matter of a minute.
That'll be a hilarious video.
That's a good one.
He thought it was an Islander for a minute.
I'll send it to the boys. Yeah's a good idea any um before we let you
guys go well we've asked about so many players but i love that sergachev any funny stories about
that guy is he quiet in the room or is he a clown he's funny he's a good kid sergi honestly he's
since he's got traded he has grown so much not only like on the ice off the ice he's matured
a lot um and i think it shows in the way that he plays i mean he's becoming one of the best
defensemen in the nhl and i mean listen there's a lot of good players in the nhl i don't say that
lately but he he can shoot the puck um he's he's strong on the puck he's hard to play against and
you think about on any other team he's probably on the first power play he's strong on the puck he's hard to play against and you think about on any other team
he's probably on the first power play he's just got the best defenseman in front of him which um
which is also good because he gets to learn from Hedy and I think that's one of the reasons why
he's become so good I mean every day you get to see how Hedy plays how Hedy practices how he does
certain things and Hedy is really you know I don't want to say he's he's the guy he looks to for a lot of
things i mean role model i guess you can call it um and i think heady embraces that role and he's
brought him along for the ride for sure um one last thing patty i gotta let you know the boys
on the team were bitching a little bit from now on maybe air pods on the bus when you're doing
your facetime calls because they know what time your kid has to get to bed and they know how much your house is worth no you're the guy that just
has the volume ripping to everyone in the airport dude oh my god hey patty patty day what the fuck
no patty we love you but when you do your cameos hey tyler happy birthday it's bat maroon he's doing cameos on the
bus on the bus yelling like okay man just wait to get the hotel man like come on that's 49.99
guys i'm doing it stop hey that's what gets the boys going though see i yeah you're a lash too tight too tight hey three in a row patty three in a row
what were you saying killer best self-promoter in the league look at you man more people probably
know about pat maroon than certain players you do a good job we've heard rumblings about the
high-end russian players getting this uh vladimir putin credit card where it's like basically like
hey if you get a night out with the Russian boys, you're allowed to swipe it.
Have you guys heard any rumblings of that?
No.
The only thing I ever heard of, like what Kooch said in the summer,
he takes like a, a Bentley into a club.
They roll into this club and they rent a Bentley.
And that like, like that's their, that's their seat.
Like just roll off in the club and they just party.
That's a table.
They got the suicide doors and they just open it up.
You pay extra and the club has these huge doors
and you go in on like a convertible Bentley or whatever
and that becomes your table.
You just roll into the dance floor.
That's the most
Hey, you have to wear an Abercrombie and Fitz track suit.
It's the only Bentley made that still has ashtrays for cigarettes.
Sounds like a 90s fucking rap video over there.
That's good.
It's a nice jersey in the background.
I played for Team USA too.
Yeah, you didn't win a silver medal by sitting on the bench doing nothing, buddy. That was the background. I played for Team USA too. Yeah, you didn't win a silver medal by sitting on the bench doing nothing,
buddy. That was the extra.
Although I have the silver medal just down
here. I'm like, that doesn't get to go
on the wall. First loser.
You guys had a World Junior
bet last season, didn't you?
Between Killorn and Paddy? Yeah, he still
didn't wear a Canada jersey.
We had a bet?
Oh, USA jersey.
Yeah, you're on Twitter.
Oh, yeah.
We were getting the people
going on Twitter.
Dude, I told you,
if you,
Patty, the problem is
he never gave me USA jersey.
I'm not going to go buy one.
If you give me USA jersey,
I'll wear it.
I couldn't find one.
That's the problem.
Yeah.
Because I only played
for Team USA once
and I was shocked.
Patty, just give them your Olympic one when you get selected to the squad, man. in the USA once and I was shocked.
Patty, just give them your Olympic one when you get selected to the squad, man.
They can't leave a champion like you off the team.
Yeah, I'll be the video coach.
All right, you got any more
questions? No, I pretty
much ran through all mine. I got nothing
left here, I don't think.
Suck it up with that broken leg, buddy.
Yeah, what the fuck, I owe you that bullshit.
I can't wait for this golf match.
Go back and listen to your answer.
We're going to dust you.
This is going to be a heavyweight matchup,
basically me versus Killer.
So maybe we just play one-on-one and you guys announce it.
But I'm the same handicap,.4.
You said you're.5.
And then Biz and Patty will get like 8-8 or fucking 20-20.
Does it even matter?
And we'll have a time.
Oh, if you give me 8, then we'll win it.
When Patty dials it in, though, he gets those hands going.
He's good around the green.
Oh, so he is decent then?
What is your actual handicap?
Biz is an 18. Right now, it's an 8. green. He is decent then? What is your actual handicap? Biz is an 18.
Right now, it's an 8.5.
Oh, dude.
I thought you were like Biz.
But it's a high 12, not an 8.5.
You're probably
like a 12 or 10.
Here's how we're going to make it even.
You're going to do a Bud Light
because you probably have a Bud Light sponsorship at this point,
and I'm going to crush a Budweiser on every tee box.
And by the time 18 rolls around.
You think that's going to make it even, dude?
This guy drinks for a living.
You're going to be done.
But I'm going to have to be dialed in.
I'm going to have DHM detox in my belly,
and he won't.
And he'll have his hair product killer,
and we'll let them do the swipe-ups.
We'll actually just
play some golf and have fun. Just let me know
where you guys want to play because I would love to get
you guys. We're doing it.
Biz and I are discussing
the schedules, but you guys coming on again
is awesome. We got both of you last year after the
Cup. To get you guys together was even better this year.
And congratulations. Two legends.
Cup champs. We appreciate you guys coming on even better this year and congratulations two legends cup champs we
appreciate you guys coming on congrats thanks boys thank you so much for coming on appreciate it
yeah good luck recovering from that spider bite huge thanks to patty and killer for joining us
for the second year in a row it was even more fun getting them both at the same time this year
hope we give hopefully we give you a little bit of a locker room vibe there we had had a lot of fun doing it. Hopefully you had a lot of fun listening to it.
And we've been talking about protection lists a lot this episode, and you fellas can protect
against getting there too soon with some Roman swipes. The secret to longer lasting sex. The
good folks at Roman, an online men's health company, have come up with a walk-a-walk-a,
a clinically proven way to last longer in bed.
There you go, biz.
Way to show them off.
Roman swipes are an effective, easy-to-use, and do not require a script,
thus potentially blowing your cover if the pharmacist chucks you under the boat.
You ever go to the pharmacy, biz, and they call your name out,
and they're like, oh, we got your prescription for this,
and you got to cover your face.
You don't have to worry about that with Roman swipes.
That's the best part of them, and they can ship swipes to you in discreet, unmarked packaging. And each swipes packet is small enough to hide in your wallet for whenever you need it. They're super easy to use.
You just take the swipes out of the packet, swipe it on, be sure to let it dry, and you're good to,
good to, good to go. That's it. Go to GetRoman.com slash chicklets so you can get your first month
of swipes for just 5 when you choose a monthly plan. That's GetRoman.com slash chicklets so you can get your first month of swipes with just 5 when you choose a monthly plan.
That's GetRoman.com slash chicklets.
Check that stuff out, fellas.
It's good stuff.
They almost got me dumped.
They sent me over a 24-pack of rubbers, too.
They got condoms now.
Yeah, I got those, too.
My old lady's like, what do you have planned tonight, buddy?
I got them sent, too.
I was like, hey.
I was like, they're for the Detroit trip.
I might dummy myself with it on, but don't you worry.
Hey, they got lube now, too.
Yeah.
Do they?
Yeah, personally.
I don't know what you have planned tonight, Homer, but you can count me out.
Oh, is that a Simpsons line?
Yeah, yeah.
That's a classic Simpsons that you guys don't laugh at, but hopefully some people do.
My girl actually said Bart for a dog name, too,
but going back to the dog
talk, I'm going to need some help with that one, folks.
Santos L helper.
Seattle expansion. We've been teasing it
all episode. Wait, we can't talk about
what the fuck are these Tampa
Bay Lightning singing in the bathroom before
games? I don't know, dude. And the fact
they wouldn't go into it, they might be singing
some weird ass shit. Acapella
too? Like Eminem,
fuck it, I go acapella. Was that him who
said that? Like the Baden-Bellas or something.
Jesus Christ.
I would do anything. He talks in the bathroom. Let's fucking
go! Like they had to legit grab
Savard and be like, yo, dude, with 13
minutes on the clock, there's going to be six guys
singing acapella, holding each other's hogs
like it's a fucking elephant walk before the game but we win every game so don't change a thing
yeah yeah doing a little docking action and doc doc talk docking talk
yeah that's yeah yeah that was that was uh but hey we appreciate those guys coming on those are
the types of interviews we love
and hearing what's going on behind the scenes.
So as Kalorn said, he was very vocal about it.
He does not want to go to Seattle.
It has nothing to do with Seattle.
He just planned on retiring in Tampa.
He loves it there.
And man, you're coming off two Stanley Cups.
Why would you want to change a goddamn thing?
So don't be cock-blocking the lightning, Ronnie.
Yeah, boys, like I mentioned, the old seattle expansion finally getting the wheels rolling on that uh 30 nhl teams have submitted
their protection lists a trade freeze is in effect until thursday the 22nd seattle draft selections
need to be sent to the nhl central registry and the nhlpa by 10 a.m wednesday and the official
expansion draft announcement will be 8 p.m that In addition to any trades, the team may make.
And one of the big names that was unprotected carry price.
He agreed to wave his no move clause. And according to the athletic,
he did that so he could protect Jake Allen.
So he would stay on the team to think and being that Seattle won't take him.
He's making a 10 and a half million for the next five years.
He's going to be 34 in August. He's doing 11 million bonus in september um it's a calculated risk by the burger van biz but i mean they could lose
carry price but at the same time they do get out from under that deal yeah i don't think seattle's
worried about the 11 million bonus they just paid 650 million for a team i guys i think the world
of carry price i i would put a 100 stamp of approval
that they are not going to pick up Carey Price.
That's 10.5 million for five more years.
There are plenty of good goaltenders that are available,
a lot of which are on good contracts.
I just don't see a place where this happens.
And we know how hard it is to win when so much of the team's cap
especially in a flat cap era where it's going to be stuck in it for a couple years
it's it's just too much going to one guy and as i said there's plenty available they already got
uh dreger is that how i pronounce it yep they got him agreed to a what is a three-year deal at 3.5.
Yeah, I can double-check Florida this year, too.
He was great down there.
So I see him probably working with a two-goalie system,
and I don't think that they're going to pick up Carey Price.
And as we mentioned earlier,
this is something that's probably been talked about between Berger-Van.
Oh, Jesus.
Oh, my God.
I don't know what that was.
Oh, my God. And Ronnie Fr know what that was. Oh, my God. Maybe.
In Ronnie franchise.
In Ronnie franchise. And I think that Angela Price, Carrie's wife,
ended up posting something on Instagram saying it's all Gucci.
Like, they ain't going nowhere.
We ain't going anywhere.
It's funny.
You know Steve Danglebiz, the diehard Leafs fan?
Hardcore Leafs fan.
Yeah, he's awesome.
So check him out, Dangle.
I don't know him, but he cracks me up.
He had a good tweet.
The salary cap.
So this is Carey Price.
It writes, cool.
He's one of the best goalies in the league.
Cool.
He just went to the Stanley Cup final.
Cool.
He's now available to a team starting from scratch for free.
No trade, nothing.
They can just literally take him.
Wow, you want him?
No.
Because in the end, it's perfectly described in that tweet.
It's like, dude, this guy's making too much money.
They're going to have two solid goalies combined making less than Carey Price should have made.
It makes no sense.
It would have never happened if Carey Price is 29 years old.
If he was, yeah, you grab him, but he's at, he's at an age where you cannot explain ruining one of your best assets,
which is all your cap space by taking this goalie.
When you don't think you'll be competing for a Stanley cup now, right?
Vegas, they changed the mold. I don't think it can happen again.
I was the dummy who called them the, the, the future doormats, the league.
They went to the cup final. I do not think that will happen again.
And in that case,
it makes no sense to spend that much money on a goal.
He was going to be 30 turning 35 years old.
It was a calculated move.
Now you never know what's going to happen.
I saw Pierre Lebrun sent out a tweet that earlier he would have said there
was no chance.
And he's kind of starting to waver in terms of the discussion coming out of
Seattle as a possibility.
I do not think it happens,
but it still was wild to see his name on there.
And it would be so funny to see Canadians fans just lose their shit.
So a couple of things in this regard to,
he has a no move clause,
right?
So if Seattle does pick him up,
they wouldn't be able to just move him anywhere.
So they,
they would have to stick with them.
I would assume that if he,
at the slim chance that he does get picked up by Seattle,
it's a situation where he goes there and then is then moved back to Montreal
for a small price.
I don't think they can do that, though.
You can't draft the guy.
That's not allowed?
No, no, they can't do that.
Expressing for that said reason.
The argument?
Oh, then I'm a fucking idiot, Dastry.
No, no, no. fucking idiot, Dash Street.
No, no, no.
You're definitely even today.
He has Pacific Northwest roots.
What's the word?
Roots.
Roots. He played for Tri-City Americans in the WHL.
He's familiar with the area,
and it would be such a groundbreaking player
to be able to bring in as your base, as your guy, the way Fleury was with Vegas.
It's just the amount of money and it's just the age.
And I don't think it makes much sense, but I mean, who knows what the hell?
It's like crazy things happen all the time in this game and any sport.
I just cannot see that going down.
Yeah. I'll be surprised if it does again. Yeah.
They can afford the 11 mil mil but do you want to pay
a guy 10.5 who's going to be 34 in a few months for the next five years i don't know there's so
many good goalies that you can get so much cheaper no disrespect to her price obviously but and the
owner has made it clear he will he will spend at the cap yeah oh yeah that's that's no issue there
yeah no there's no reason fucking not to like Like Biz said, you can afford the team. You can afford to spend to the cap.
There is going to be a 72-hour exclusive UFA, RFA negotiating window
with players exposed by their team.
So Seattle can make deals with these guys over the next 72 hours.
It'll close at 10 a.m. on July 21st.
They cannot talk to UFAs from Vegas, including Martinez.
No second year, Mark, because Vegas is exempt from the expansion draft.
I've seen people complain about that, but that's the way it's always gone.
When you have an expansion, if you're new to the league,
you're not able to have your players plucked right away.
Now, nobody knew Vegas was going to have the success they've had so far.
So, I mean, you know, don't beat up Vegas for going by the rules.
It's a five-year exemption for expansion teams.
I mean, we're done now this
is it 32 teams and i think that these expansion drafts are quite the mind-pressing situation and
they're really fun and they create a lot of dialogue and attention to the league but uh
they've exhausted they've exhausted us having two in the short amount of time yeah a lot of a lot
of details to pass over the last uh 24 to hours. But, hey, I love it.
I love doing this shit.
Of the 324 players protected, Linus, Omar, Phillip, Grubauer, and Joel,
Joel, Mia were the only three pending UFAs.
Buffalo had no other goalies to protect,
and Grubauer is negotiating with Colorado.
I know there's a list of high-profile players.
Eric Engels tweeted out.
I know everybody has their own definition of high profile.
I know you were paying attention to the names like Price, Quick, Tarasenko, JVR, Niederreiter,
Zuka, McCann, Kerfoot, Giordano, Voracek, Colon, who we've talked about,
Palat, Goode, Johnson, Brendan Dillon.
Now, if I'm Seattle, man, I'm loading up with as many cup winners as I can,
especially all those old Tampa Bay guys.
Like, that's the winning pedigree you want to bring into a team like this.
Well, obviously you see what happens.
One guy was left unprotected.
He's unrestricted as of July 28th, Gabriel Landis-Gogg.
And apparently, according to our friend Andy Strickland,
sounds like the Avs and him are way off on contract deal.
The Avs are offering eight years in the 5 million to 6 million range,
which seems kind of low for him.
He's supposedly looking for somewhere between nine and 10 biz.
I know you want to chat about this. What do you got to say?
I, you know, I, I think extremely highly of them. He's their leader. I just, I mean, nine, nine to 10. I mean,
I just don't see that as a possibility.
I think seven and a half you front road, I mean, I just don't see that as a possibility. I think seven and a half, you front-load the contract,
you implement a lot of signing bonus where he's kind of protected from
he's not the type of guy to get bought out, but I just don't
you can't afford, especially with two guys in line coming shortly thereafter
in McKinnon and Makar, you can't be giving a guy like Lannis Gogg, nine to 10 million,
at least not listen. If you,
if you want to say he got fucked by all this COVID situation,
you could say he got fucked by it,
but he's going to have to come over and come off that number,
or he's not going to be playing for a Stanley cup next year in Colorado.
When am I crazy here? But like, yeah, we've had them on.
I don't think he's a 9 million guy.
I don't either.. We've had him on. I don't think he's a 9 million guy. I don't either.
I also think that I  I think I counted he's made 60 million already.
No, if he signed a contract for 7.5, I think I did the math on 7.
He would get  on 7, he would be getting 54 million,
and he would be coming up just short of 100 million in career earnings he hasn't quite made 50 million yet i believe 41 a little over 41 bro
yeah all right so he's made 41 so you know they if they do want to sign him it's one of those
things we chatted about earlier and giving him the eight years to get the money down right i mean
dude he wouldn't take eight years at like five and i
dude i'm not trying to tell someone ever what to take but you've seen on that team and the deal
mckinnon has it's like he wouldn't take eight years times like five and a half six for for
fucking 45 million dollars to stay on that team stay the captain of the of the odds-on favorite
to win the stanley cup but I I think Strickland
is very legit I think he knows but that was very surprising for me to read that he wants that much
money I don't really get where that that would be coming from looking at that team and how it's set
up and how you've seen the Bruins and the Penguins and these teams with long-running success go about
things and taken a little less it was it was surprising to hear well let's let's go comparables
right now i think he was the first overall pick rnh or no rnh was the first overall pick
landis gog was number two i think i think he's a superior player than rnh and he just got
5.6 you told me i think that i think seven to seven and a half is a very fair number because
i do believe in intangibles i think he's an incredible leader i think seven to seven and a half is a very fair number because i do believe in
intangibles i think he's an incredible leader i think he can handle his own business physically
oh i love the player i'm just talking the number yeah right but but if the team's at you know five
and a half six i'm saying colorado well you're not going to keep him around for that and nor do
i expect the captain assigned for that i think that seven to seven and a half
million is a very fair number and going back to it earlier it's like well like like what can you
do with 95 million career earnings opposed to doing 80 that that's what i'm saying it's that's
kind of what i meant it's like dude what well what's the difference if you sign an eight-year deal at seven
million that's 54 million correct on top of this fuck god damn it 56 on top of the 41 he's already
made you're at 97 million career earnings i mean what can you do with 97 that you can't do with
maybe 105 to 110 and at at a certain point and and this is not an insult to to him because i don't think he's the
type of guy who has an ego but at a certain point at a certain point it's like well i mean yeah you
you can definitely go make nine million somewhere else i bet you seattle would probably give him
nine million because you do need to solidify a leader and have a guy who's at least going to be
able to be around for a long time now i think I think Giordano also ends up in Seattle,
but I think he's also 38 years old.
So, yeah, he's a  listen, I think if he wants that type of money,
he can go get it elsewhere.
I do not blame Colorado, given with what they have to do moving forward,
if they don't give him what he thinks he deserves.
So this is a  I just don't  Biz, I don't understand. they don't give him what he thinks he deserves so this is a i just
don't biz i don't understand i don't see anyone upset like i'm him the fans the gm if he signed
eight years 52 million just you know a shade below seven million years say six six and a half it's
like dude you locked up your captain at a great rate you're rich as shit the team's
loaded we're gonna get these other guys signed i got plenty of money the team's looking good it was
i i just was very surprised to hear the number he wants
if if it's in fact accurate exactly and i mean don't some got sometimes you as part of negotiations
you maybe shoot for a little higher than you might actually get
just to sort of set that bar, too.
And where it comes out, that's what it is.
But, yeah, I don't think Colorado wants to lose him.
But at the same time, I mean, he's a UFA man.
This is his time to cash in.
So, I mean, Colorado is probably his best chance to win right now.
But if someone's wiggling 9.5 million tits at you,
it's tough to say no to that.
I tell you what, Whit. Depending on who the team is all right i'm also yeah i guess hey i've never i've never been that guy but i bet you there's a lot of guys out there who ended up going for the
big payday where they wish they would have gave up that you know million a million and a half
dollars each year to just be in a winning team now i i know i always go back to the state tax
thing i think it's fairly low in Colorado now, isn't it?
I don't know.
It might be different in Denver.
Now, if Seattle's going to give it in Seattle,
if they're going to give it to them, there's no state tax there, too.
So if you're making nine sheets in Seattle,
do we have another Washington and Washington tax free?
I don't think I don't think the state tax in Washington.
Oh, wow.
Biz, we got another tattoo
for you coming up but uh one's going on his neck because he thinks the kraken may sign him i i
can't picture landy in any other uniform and i think he's such a great guy that he needs to go
win a stanley cup there the job has not been finished figure it out get together get a room hey maybe maybe he
could do a couple trips to nobu with sakic and make up for it get the rock shrimp get a thousand
orders maybe get a maybe get a socky maybe get expensive socky get get him a million dollar gift
card gary doesn't need to know about that right you can remember that restaurant we went to i'm
not gonna throw names out in manhattan a ago, a few weeks ago, whatever it was.
I got that fit the whole fish in the plate and it was like a pretty expensive plate.
Yeah. When Biz poured the IPAs into the body armor bottle.
Yeah. Yeah. That was classic Biz.
You know, I was kind of disappointed. I'm not one to complain about my food.
It was mushy. It was like not a great piece of fish.
You know what grinds my gears? No.
But do it all thing. No. Fuck bones. Go. Go. No. like not a great piece of fish. You know what grinds my gears? No, but dude, I'll take the whole thing.
No, fuck bones.
Go, go.
No eyeballs in the bones.
No, but I going back to Columbia the other day, right?
I was saying to you boys last episode, we were going to some island that next day.
Well, we we took a boat, a couple of boats to this national park island way off the off
the coast of Cartania.
And you pull up and there's all these huts and they got food and booze and whatever else you need on that Island is absolutely
there.
I ordered like a seafood medley and I got the same thing,
like a whole fish,
the head,
everything on the plate.
Honestly,
boys,
it was one of the best piece of fishes I ever had.
Obviously they probably caught it that day.
10 times better than that.
Fucking slop.
I got down,
man.
Wow.
I was pulling the head apart,
eating the cheeks and everything.
The cheeks are the best part of the fish too, by the way. The cheeks like up near the gills. Yeah. Like, well, yeah. And like any meat, was pulling the head apart eating the cheeks and everything the cheeks are the best part of the fish too by the way the cheeks like up near the gills yeah like well
yeah and like any meat like in the head area yeah the fish the cheeks the good shit i was legit
pulling the bones apart on that that mofo yeah i get some i'm glad you had a good experience and
i guess we won't be going back to that restaurant in nyc well me and whitwell yeah i'm going yeah
the sushi was good i just didn't care for the piece of fish. So are we done on the Landy discussion?
Let's hope Landy remains an av.
I like you said it best, Biz.
The job ain't done.
Second overall pick been there forever.
Let's resign.
Let's end up making the call that he gets eight years, 58 million.
Seven point whatever, two a year. Let's get a GoFundMe
going. Let's get all the outstance.
Let's get him an extra couple grand.
All right, boys. You got any other notes on the
Kraken talk? I think all that Kraken talk.
Oh, the Kraken. I really like
about Giordano. We got to talk about
Giordano. One year left. The captain
of the Calgary Flames. He's left
unprotected. One year left on his
deal at I think six and a half.
Six, seven, five. That's a
no-brainer. You select him.
I actually looked at the list. I would select him.
I would select Dermott
from Toronto and I would
take Dillon from Washington.
Those are my three lefties. Hammer Jensen.
Hammer Jensen.
So Jensen, Schultz, and Dillon
are 3D on Washington, left unprotected i believe so
there's also a kid from winnipeg um it's not the mellow is it yeah it is yep dylan's mellow so
listen you pay 650 million for an expansion team folks you're gonna get some solid players now
from what i'm hearing when when um originally when Vegas was going into it, their mindset was we're going to get all these guys,
and if it doesn't turn out good, at least we can move these guys
to gain even more assets as far as draft picks
so they could kind of unload it.
And then they ended up catching lightning in a bottle,
and they were more buyers at the deadline.
But a guy like Giordano, in my opinion,
they would be selecting him in order to bring him over.
He's got one year left.
Hopefully he has a good start to the season.
Man, you're telling me that you can't get at least a first rounder
and a really nice prospect for a team who's making a stab at the cup?
Imagine him on your second pairing.
He's still playing first line minutes in Calgary.
And for those of you who forgot, giordano's two years removed from
winning the norris like this guy is a freak off the ice i think i think one of the people he brought
to the nhl award ceremony was his trainer he's good buddies with him he's one of the tip-top
shapes as far as older guys in the league so this is going to be a big pickup for them and
worst case ontario they end up slinging them at the deadline and gaining a really nice piece back which is going to be the case if they don't end
up having a good start anyway think about it man they're going to have a good solid goaltending
they're going to get some decent pieces on d and much like you saw from the vegas golden knights
a full roster of of second hungry hungry hungry hungry hippo second to third line player so no weak spots um and that's pretty
much it we talk about eichel but it's all rumors up until this point um g says he's hearing rumblings
that he expects him to move in the next week so i would imagine uh probably a year from now he's
getting moved hey um biz giordano like you haven't heard anything from him.
You talk Suter hung up on Guerin.
I wonder, he had a reason to be pissed about that.
I know Brad Treeliving, and I know he loves the guys' guys,
and I would imagine he has the biggest soft spot for Giordano.
They had to protect Dub.
Dub is the guy who they chose to protect over him uh
probably the wise play long term I would assume this was a long conversation that they had and
I would hope that no bridges bridges have been burned I'm just curious but but but I hear you
he's you know he's in the last year of his deal I'm sure his family settled in there but
you know it's it's a business man and in the last year of his deal. I'm sure his family settled in there, but you know,
it's,
it's a business man.
And Brad tree living is also under the gun now too,
man.
I was going to say,
I think,
I think this is the beginning of what you see.
Some wild changes this summer in Calgary.
I don't know if Goudreau will be there.
I don't know what's going to go on,
but with what's happened the last few years there,
sorry to interrupt.
They can't continue going into next season with what's been there before.
So that's probably part of it, right?
We've got to change everything up here.
Yeah.
Oh, especially if they go another year without making playoffs.
Playoffs?
Playoffs?
We're lucky if we win another game.
Anything else on the hockey front, guys?
Yeah, a few more hockey notes, but that'll do it for the expansion stuff.
Again, there's a lot of names out there, but we don't want to waste time just throwing names we
can talk more when the roster yeah exactly exactly which again we're gonna know wednesday night so we
can break it down for you a little bit more next episode uh in the meantime the internet has
connected us with the latest news long distance friends and random rumors from twitter accounts
but unfortunately it's also connected us with hackers and cyber criminals.
Well, Aura protects you from the worst of the internet so you can still enjoy the best of it.
Aura provides digital security protection to keep your online finances, personal information,
and tech safe from online threats. It's all-in-one protection from identity theft,
financial fraud, malware, scam sites, and so much more. With Aura, you'll get alerts to fraud and threats fast,
like if your online accounts or passwords were leaked online or if someone tries to open a bank account in your name.
Aura is easy to set up.
All plans come with 1 million in identity theft insurance
to help recover your stolen funds
and experience U.S.-based customer support that's got your back.
Aura is a new type of security service that protects all of your online information and devices with one simple subscription with an easy
online dashboard and alert sent straight to your phone,
or it keeps you in control and guide you through solving any issues.
And for a limited time,
or is offering our listeners up to 40 off plans when you visit Aura.com slash chicklets.
So go to Aura.com slash chicklets to get complete protection
and savings of up to 40.
That's A-U-R-A.com slash chicklets.
So check them out and protect yourself online.
All right, boys, a couple of other NHL notes before we get to the et cetera stuff.
Yaroslav Halak will not be back with Boston next year.
Not a total surprise there.
Looks like they're going to go into the air with Swayman, possibly Vladar.
I don't know if they're going to bring in a veteran or what,
but either way, Yaroslav Halak's career in Boston is done-zo.
There was an article about Shea Weber and his injury,
and it could lead to a potential NHL Players Association beef.
I don't know if that's going to happen.
Can you explain that to me?
Yeah, I'm going to try to do that now.
He's got thumb, foot, ankle, and knee injuries.
Elliott Friedman had a good piece the other day.
No spider bite.
He noted that the league and the union are, quote,
doing their due diligence on the situation and future.
Weber's got five seasons left at a 7.8 million cap hit,
but only 12 million in actual cash.
So if he were to retire,
Nashville would be the team to get fucked on that cap recapture thing
for 4.9 million through 26 if he retires.
But I can't imagine that happens.
I mean, I don't see how he doesn't just go on LTIR, Lake Pronga,
Savad, Hossa, and so many other guys and, you know, imagine that happens i mean i don't see how he doesn't just go on lti like pranga savad host and
so many other guys and you know just finish there until you until the the contract runs out i can't
imagine he was going to retire and leave money on the table now what would the argument end up being
i don't know that i don't know if it happened it happened with luongo it happened uh with i forget
a few of the other names but but i will say this i don't think that
luongo retired because of injuries like if if you're telling me that he's got this laundry
list of injuries and he can't play because he physically can't get there there's gotta be
a way to step in and be like hey he's not because because if nashville ends up getting
fucked by this that's bullshit well that that's what i think this whole thing is as far as luongo
he he got a job in the organization so they probably you know maybe did something in the back back
door or whatever we're like okay you might not get all that money but you'll get a job for however
many however many years i don't think you can come out and say that type of shit
it just seems like it's a story about something that might potentially happen with where
you know he's got all these injuries he can't play anymore but when these guys are not going
to voluntarily retire,
leave money on the table.
Yeah, so I thought this is such a no-brainer based on the prior ones
where it's like, yeah, I'm not retiring.
Everyone knows I'm not going to play again,
but I'm not retiring until I get that money.
Yeah.
That's what I don't really get.
Yeah, I mean, well, again,
I think it's almost like a preemptive story type thing.
Like this could get ugly, but it might not.
I know it was in the list of,ive story type thing. Like this could get ugly, but it might not. You know, I know,
I know it was in the list of,
uh,
what do you call it?
Topics for today.
I don't think it's going to be a coyotes.
Huh?
Yeah.
Just trade them.
The coyotes.
Future coyotes.
She Webber.
Fuck.
I wish I thought to just say that him and Prong are going to be the most
dominant pairing in NHL history.
You got Hosa.
Dad.
Sook.
Oh,
all right.
Our alumni team is going to be like the lightning. Oh! Let's go, Yodes!
Hey, our alumni team is going to be like the lightning.
Oh, fuck.
Another Canadian's note, head coach Don Duchamp signed a three-year extension.
No surprise there after his impressive showing in the playoffs this year. So he'll be behind the Habs bench for the next few years.
And a very busy month for the NHL is going to continue next weekend
as the NHL entry draft happens after the expansion draft.
So still got a lot of stuff.
And then, of course, free agency at the end of the month.
So still quite a bit of stuff to get to.
Let's see. Boom, boom, boom.
All right, before we get to the non-hockey stuff,
hey, we can't help GMs from getting ripped off this week,
but we can help your home from getting ripped off
thanks to our friends at SimpliSafe.
When SimpliSafe Home Security's founders, Chad Chad and Eleanor Lawrence designed their first security system in the
kitchen. They did it for a very personal reason. Their friends had just had their home broken into.
They were struggling to find a security system that was simple to set up and would make them
feel safe again. And making people feel safe is what SimpliSafe has been doing ever since that
moment 15 years ago. My favorite thing about SimpliSafe is the ease of use.
From customizing a system on SimpliSafe.com slash checklists
to the simple home setup that even I can do.
SimpliSafe has highly trained security experts ready whenever you need them,
whether that's during a fire, a burglary, a medical emergency,
or even just when you're setting up the system.
There's always someone there who has your back to keep you safe
and to make sure you feel safe.
To learn more about how SimpliSafe can protect you and your family,
visit simplisafe.com slash chicklets today
to customize your system and get a free security camera.
You can also get a 60-day risk-free trial so there's nothing to lose.
Once again, that's simplisafe.com slash chicklets.
But be sure to check them out and keep the homestead safe.
All right, boys, hitting the homestretch here.
We like to have a little fun with some non-hockey topics.
I don't know.
We got the OPPO, the former British Open wit.
The Open.
Giannis, I can't even say his last name.
Milwaukee Bucks.
Unreal fucking finals he's been having so far.
Can we quickly go into Giannis and play that clip?
Yeah.
He had a quote.
I don't know the exact question, but Grinelli,
play the clip and him talking about ego and what it can do to an athlete.
I mean, you're 26 years old, and I've covered plenty of players
who didn't
seem like they figured the ego part out until their 30s i mean who taught you about what it
why that's important and to handle it that way i think i think i think uh i'll say life
usually let me tell you this usually when uh from my experience right like when i think about like oh yeah i did this
i you know i'm so great i had uh 30 i had 25 10 and 10 or whatever the case might be because you
don't think about that oh we want this and that usually the next day you're gonna suck right you
know uh similar as that you like the next few days, you're going to be terrible. And I figured out, like,
a mindset to have
that,
like,
when you focus on the past,
that's your ego.
I did this.
You know,
we were able to,
you know,
beat this team
4-0.
We did,
I did this in the past.
I won that in the past.
And when I focus
on the future,
it's my pride.
Like,
yeah, next game, game five, I do this and this and this you know i'm going down that's your pride talking
like you it doesn't happen like you're right here and um i kind of like try to focus in the you know
in the moment in the present and that's humility that's being humble that's not setting no
expectation that's going out there enjoying the game competing
a high level and i think i've had people throughout my life that helped me with that
but that's a skill that i've tried to like kind of um um how you say kind of like perfect it
uh yeah master it and uh it's been working so far. Yeah. So I'm not going to stop.
I thought that was one of the most amazing quotes I've ever heard in a press conference.
And you can tell, I don't watch basketball very much, but you can tell how humble this guy is.
And I don't know if it's being from Europe and being from an area where it's not AAU, superstar. I'm the fucking man from 12 years old,
having everyone kiss your ass from the time you can even remember.
But that guy seems to have a head on the shoulders and understand that if you think of yourself and
what you're supposed to accomplish and what you're supposed to get done and what you've done before
and how good you are, it truly is like ego and ego alone.
And ego is the enemy, right?
There's a book out there that talks about that.
And I thought he was so well-spoken in saying it's all about the future.
It's all about what's next.
And I was just impressed by a guy who's as, you know,
I don't know much about the NBA,
but I'm guessing he's one of the best players in the league, right?
If not the best.
Yeah, he's won MVP back-to-backback years and he's about to win at finals mvp
fuck man if you can't take what he's saying to heart in talking about like as a teammate as an athlete as anything you're doing in life to not have your ego involved is so difficult yet so
important and i think if you talk to us on the show, I mean, I don't have an ego.
No one's ever said it.
I would never even consider myself as a guy with an ego.
But if you cannot focus on what you're supposed to do and what you've done
before, it will only enhance your life moving forward.
I swear to God,
because when you try to think about like what you should get and what,
what you believe is yours and what
you believe people are screwing you over for it all comes back to ego it's like it's a great book
i'm gonna get the author biz you can give your opinion on it but rory mcelroy talked about it
once yeah and then the other aspect of it is he says when he focuses on the future it's it's his
pride as well now guys like i you know i'm i'm a little bit of a slow learner and you know, I've had,
I've had to learn along the way. And I think that earlier in my career,
I wish I would have been as a level headed. I guess, how do I say this?
Well, no, it's a hard, it's a hard topic to discuss.
Because I would say that in the past I've, I've, I don't,
and I don't want to turn into to like purse about personally.
No, but I thought I was just going to say,
I was going to say the same thing.
Like I look back at the end of my career, it was all ego.
It was a hundred percent ego. It was, it was, Oh man, I used to do this.
Whereas if I looked at it, like, Hey, you're not what you were.
You're not even close with you were let's see what we can do moving forward.
Let's see what we got. No, my mind was like, no, no,
I should be in the lineup. was fucking you know i was a
great player in pittsburgh like it's it's it's such a mental battle to try to get over in terms
of looking what has already happened and it doesn't even just pertain to sports yeah i would
say earlier in my career my my ego definitely definitely hurt me and and that's why the and
that's why the reporter said it takes most guys
until their 30s to realize that and you know I yeah I guess it was a bit of an anchor for me
especially early on where hey but that's life too you got to learn as you go but uh but I I would
say that I I ditched it quite a bit though when when I finally had to to switch to forward I
wanted to be a defenseman but when that situation happened
it was kind of like that's when i realized that it was more important to just try to be a better
team player and it you know wasn't necessarily about what i'd accomplished in the past but more
about about the team and and and to be fair when i kind of accepted that and just went along for
the ride that's when i ended up getting to the nhl so no shit that that's the
funny part and like even now with like golf for me like i'll you know i'll play in a tournament
the past few years and i'm like you know i'll go in it's like do i i what if i don't play good
what if i shoot 80 like that's ego if you think about it it's like who fucking cares you're
worried about what people will think
if you play really bad like oh you you know people shit on you that's that's worrying about
what others think as opposed to just worrying about doing the best you can i think that that
that that quote goes a lot into like if you worry what other people think about you in any aspect of
life you are so fucking behind the eight ball to begin with you
have no idea and like like like the reporter said it's so true when you're young you don't get it
it's like oh my these people are watching this these people are saying this these people are
gonna think this in the end i talked to my mother i was like she said she's never been happier before
in her life in her 60s because the older you get the less you let you
give a fuck yeah yeah yeah well i think that there's also a fine line to try to be uh staying
try to be self-aware and and also worrying about what other people think um you know i'd be lying
if like even to this day i i don't do it you try to, Oh yeah, of course. I think a big component of
probably reading that book is just finding ways to also control it, understanding what it is and,
and, and, and dealing with it a lot sooner than maybe you did in the past. Cause like,
I think it all comes down to like the, the initial thoughts in your head. And then it
continues to spiral out of control more and more and more and more the the i guess the part of
growing up is just eventually gaining control of it understanding when it's happening right away
and then boom putting a stop to it now r.a you're perfectly said you know you're older than us like
you know i'm sure that at a certain point you realized it do you do you ever struggle with it
do you ever you know what paul i probably did when I was younger. It was almost like when I grew up, just like insecurity and self-confidence.
Those weren't even like concepts to kids in the 70s and 80s.
They were like, but they weren't discussed.
But if you didn't have it, you didn't know you didn't have it.
So almost like being ignorant about it was almost a relief in a way.
But then, you know, you get to a point you're like, okay, yeah, you struggle with like anybody confidence, self-confidence self-esteem and shit yeah i i had that for years i spent way too many years worrying about what
people thought how you look how you dress how you wear all that stupid shit but at a certain point
i don't know exactly when it was and it was a while ago where you don't give a fuck anymore
like not that you're ignorant and you're like rude or anything you're just like you realize
that it doesn't matter what like not seem strangers even friends like the only people you need to answer to yourself and maybe your parents and your wife and your kids.
And other than that, man, I mean, fuck everybody else as far as what they think is always like, again, you're not being rude or an asshole and you live your life in your own terms.
And it's very liberating to get to that point to just, you know, I think, you know, me by now, I pretty much march to the beat of my own drummer.
And I do listen to people. But at the same time, if you know, if I want to do something, I'm going to do it and be a goofball and whatever.
And it is.
It's kind of a journey to get to that point to realize like, hey, man, I'm free.
I'm going to do what I want.
And it's fucking great to be at that point.
What's up, bud?
All right.
That's well said.
And Biz, you said it perfectly.
And it's something I struggle with.
And maybe it's not necessarily the ego thing
that the Giannis quote has brought up this discussion but for me I have I have moments
where I have very negative thoughts and and sometimes the thoughts are almost scary like
bad things that could happen in my life it's it's it's brutal but what I've learned and how you
worded so perfectly biz is you sit there and you say that's just a thought that doesn't mean anything.
It's not necessarily going to happen. Let's move on, get rid of it and keep going. And so when you
can kind of understand and realize you're having certain thoughts that you don't want to have,
all it is, is thinking, realizing it's a thought. It doesn't matter out of your head and keep going.
So I like how you said that in terms of like realizing it doesn't matter one
bit.
And to realize when you're having thoughts and you're feeling down on
yourself, it's about boom,
stopping it in its tracks and moving forward and realizing that is not the
case. So I like how you worded that.
I didn't realize we were going to go this deep into a conversation about it,
but I do remember seeing it.
And I remember being envious at the fact of how young he is and how how he realizes that he's aware of it now being like, wow, like, I remember when I was
at that age, like, I still had a ton of work to do. Now, RA, you also mentioned that back then,
people were just not really aware of it. And I guess it kind of goes right back to the mental
health discussion, where I feel like this type of information and books, you mentioned one of them, ego is the enemy. I've had a couple of people in media when, you know, I've reached
out to an order to vet and have conversations about maybe whether it's people attacking you
online and how they deal with it and, you know, what their thought process. Both people that I
talked to about it sent me that book and then they'd read it because they'd had those experiences where eventually that they read them and learn from it and whatever it is whoever's listening
what you're dealing with and whatever you think is holding you back in life nowadays there is a
shit ton of information about there and information and and knowledge is the power so anything that
you are dealing with in a sense of the the mental health of it, if, if, if there's go, go see if there's a book for you that you can use those, use and find those tools in order to benefit your life.
Now, I, and I'm, this is somebody telling you this, who has a shit ton of work to do.
It never stops.
Everyone does.
It never stops.
You constantly got to put that work and look internally.
So I'm glad we ended up talking about it. And, you know, it's obviously something that I've dealt with in the past and something that I've not necessarily not been great at, but something that I've gotten better at and continue to work toward. Now, Grinnelly, as a younger guy, like, do you ever give these things thought? Like, you might be in the same boat that I was when I was your age where I didn't even know what these things were I think when you live in the day and
age of the internet where people are always telling you you suck and you're you're horrible
and you're bad at your job I think yeah it definitely eats at you as being a young guy
because we spend so much of our time on social media but spending so much time with you guys
I've learned to kind of put that in the back of my head and not really give a fuck.
So that's kind of where I stand with all of it.
And I think for anyone listening, like when you are having thoughts that you don't want to have, I tell you because I'm working on it.
Just sit there and take a moment.
It's a thought.
It's what's the what's the Dr. Durant gave me.
It's, it's accepting the thought it's taking a moment and it's getting it out.
Whereas a lot of people, you know, all right, well, what's going on at work?
This guy got it. This guy got a fucking raise. He got the promotion.
I should have got the promotion. What's going to happen to me now.
I'm screwed two years from now. Cause I didn't get to hold on,
deal with what's going on now and think about what you can do moving forward, because it is so true in terms
of getting in your mind certain situations that may never happen. And you waste so much time and
energy on worrying about things that won't ever happen. It's like it's such a waste of energy. So
it's a it's a topic that I like the fact that it's brought about and talked
about so much more now, but it's interesting in getting all of us are so different. We're
different ages. We're different people. We're different personalities. And yet we all go
through the same thing. So we're talking about ego and an amazing athlete. Who's giving a pretty
cool quote in terms of like what he's going through in his life, but it really relates to
everyone and how you approach your life and how you
approach your job and your family.
And just trying to not think about the bad possibilities and moving forwards,
just living and taking in each moment as they come.
As a wise man said once, don't worry, be happy.
Yeah. The man Bob Marley.
And by the way, back to Giannis, I mean,
that fucking block in game four was incredible to swing the tide.
And then that dunk.
I mean, I've never seen a game-sealing dunk in game five like that.
Off the steal, tosses it up.
I mean, it was one of those things you jump out of your chair
when you watch play the game.
You guys must have seen it.
Oh, I saw your tweet right away.
I was watching it.
Yeah, Holiday with the strip.
Drew Holiday?
Yeah.
Is that how you pronounce it, Drew?
They say Drew.
I don't know if it was Drew or whatever, yeah yeah oh what a what a play unfortunately it was against the
sons who you know our local team here and valley they've uh they were up 2-0 so i don't know go
bucks going back home to potentially steal this thing but guys did you see my tweet did you see
my tweet uh no but any but going back to the discussion quick any of any of you young people who listen
uh ingest that quote and you know give it some thought and and i think that moving forward it's
definitely going to help you if you're able to understand exactly what he's talking about i know
i know it helped me and reminded me of of things that i need to work on no doubt and my tweet, not to go back to me. Speaking of me. So I was watching the game when Phoenix went up 2-0
and they showed these guys walking off
and it was the guys, I don't know if all the guys had played
and they just looked like miserable.
Like one guy in particular was number 15 on the Suns.
I wrote that he looked like it was me.
Cameron Payne.
It looked like me walking to the rink in Russia.
Now, I got a million fucking responses of the Kobe Bryant quote,
the job ain't finished, they're not happy, they haven't won shit.
Dude, go back and look at this fucking Cameron Payne
walking off the court after going up 2-0.
And I found out he didn't play that game or he didn't play in big moments.
Dude, he looked so fucking miserable
and it was solely because he wasn't happy.
And now it's 3-2 Milwaukee
and everyone thought I was a fool.
No, you could tell that one of their major players,
this number 15, Payne, was pissed off
because he didn't play in a win in the NBA finals
and now they're down.
So I don't know what's going on with Phoenix.
I know they got a great team.
I know the Suns and Four guy was great when he beat the shit out of those two Muppets.
But still, to see a guy that disappointed after going up 2-0
because he didn't get his showed me that Phoenix was in trouble.
Did you get that information from the same burner account
that gave me all my Coyotes information?
What information did I just say that a burner account could have given me?
Well, you said he didn't look happy,
but I think I gathered from what was going on in the post-game press conferences
were that they were just even keel.
No, look at my tweet and the video and look at all the players
and then look at him.
I did.
Okay, fair enough.
I'll give it another look.
He didn't play.
Okay.
All right, we can move on.
I'll take the L. Put He didn't play. All right. We can move on. I'll take the L.
Put it on my forehead, all right?
City of Milwaukee.
One game from their first title in 50 years.
Good for them.
Never won a World Series.
I love when small markets get the job done.
I lost the Calder Cup final to Milwaukee,
but maybe that doesn't count.
Yeah, I mean, no disrespect to the AHL.
No disrespect to Biz's ring, which should be, too.
Another thing, keeping with the sports, the Open,
I didn't get any bets, and I was down Columbia,
and I fucked up my time and all that stuff.
But call him Maracawa.
I think he was anywhere from 33 to 1 to 35 to 1.
Nice little payout for him.
But today was pretty drama-free.
I should say Sunday was pretty drama-free the last day, no?
Yeah, it was drama-free because you saw an absolute machine at work
in Colin Morikawa.
Colin Morikawa has won two majors now.
He's won two majors, the PGA in his first try
and the British Open in his first try.
The only other guy to do that is named Bobby Jones in like 1926. Bobby
Jones pretty much built Augusta National. He was the man behind the Masters. He's a legend in the
game of golf. So you're looking at a future, no, a current superstar in the game of golf. This guy,
Colin Marukawa, is not the longest player in the world. I think he's around 100th in distance off the tee.
But nobody has ever hit their irons since Tiger Woods,
like Colin Morikawa.
This guy, Biz, strokes game.
What do you mean just as far as accuracy?
In terms of his distance to the pin.
So when this guy was in college, he went and did a club fitting,
or I don't know exactly what he was doing,
but they measured his dispersion from 185 yards.
So say for, you know, guys on tour, it's a seven iron,
maybe an eight iron, six iron.
I don't know, but it's a long distance.
His average distance from the pin from 180 yards is better than the PGA Tour's average from 130.
Like how close he can get it to the pin?
Dude, this guy does not miss irons.
So he's 10 feet every time.
Oh, dude, every single iron, this guy's 8 to 15 feet.
It is a clinic.
And if you watch him play, he's got a very slow, deliberate takeaway.
And then all of his speed is at and after the ball.
And he's got perfect balance, perfect rhythm,
and he's able to hit fairways by not overpowering golf courses.
He hits fairways.
And now when I say he isn't super long, dude, if you played with this guy,
you'd be blown away.
He's still hitting the ball, 310, 315, but he is getting in the fairway,
and then he's shoving dart after dart after dart.
And in his two major championship final rounds,
his two wins in the PGA and the Open today,
he does not have a bogey.
Yeah, I saw that.
Minus four, no bogey in the Open.
Yeah, he is a machine.
I think if you look at the list of major winners
in the history of golf, players with one,
there's a lot of fluke names names you
wouldn't recognize there there really is no names with two majors or more that are flukes so i think
you're looking at like a guy who could win seven eight majors in his career okay so you said that
it was it was his two first majors for each of those it was the first time he ever played in
the pga he won and the first time he ever played in the PGA he won and the first time he ever played in the Open he won. Has he played in Augusta yet?
Yeah, he played two.
He played in the one  maybe three.
I know he played in the one DJ won,
and I know he played this year when Matsuyama won.
So was he very highly touted coming out of  did he come out of college?
Yeah, he played at Cal, which is a huge golf program, Pac-12,
big-time Division I golf.
He was a world-class amateur.
He was a guy who was coming on tour in terms of can't-miss potential.
So it was wild to see him come and just have that much success.
I think he's the only man to win the British and the PGA
before he's 25 years old.
Besides, the only man to do that is Tiger Woods.
So you think for sure he's getting to 10 majors?
Nope, nope.
10 is ridiculously high in how deep golf is now.
But I think this guy, if he doesn't get like five, six majors,
I would be really surprised because the one issue he has is putting.
And this week he didn't have a three putt. If he putts, dude, if he, if this guy, every week he loses shots to
the field and putting now golf has terms golf has turned into such a, uh, it can be, it can be
defined by stats, right? Where you look at strokes gained off the tee, you look at putting and every
tournament he putts below average.
If he putted average to the tour tournaments that he plays in,
he would win so many of them.
So the thing is about golf that nowadays, if you're a ball striker,
it really doesn't matter if you can putt that well.
Because if you can get off the tee and you can hit greens in regulation,
you're going to make a lot of money.
Now, when he's able to putt well, then he's going to win majors.
So I just think that you see him getting off the tee and you see his iron play.
And it's like, this kid's a straight up world beater.
He also comes off as the most level headed.
He comes off a lot like Giannis.
He has his head on his shoulders.
He's not into the nonsense away from the, away from the, um, the course.
He's very focused.
He's very driven.
And he's a player who's going to be around for the next fucking 20 years
dominating because he's a freak.
Okay.
Now, since we're on the golf talk and we're done the stroke session
for this guy, you know who's not doing good off the tee?
Who?
Bryson DeChambeau, who was chirping his fucking club maker the other day.
What's going on with him?
One of the biggest assholes in the history of golf.
Already?
Oh, this guy cannot get out of his own way.
So for people who don't know, Bryson DeChambeau,
we've ripped on him before.
He works with Cobra.
He's a Cobra Puma guy.
So Puma makes the clothes and Cobra makes the club.
Oh, I didn't know that they own that.
Okay.
Yeah.
So Bryson has made this effort to gain the weight
and gain the distance.
It's been amazing.
We've talked about it.
He won the U.S. Open, and he's decided he's going to hit the ball
as far as possible.
Now, in that process, this dude's swinging 130 miles an hour.
I swing my driver like 108.
I'm a big guy.
I bunt it.
108 is not great for my size.
What am I, probably like 50? my driver like 108 i'm a big guy i bunt it 108 it's not great for my size what am i probably
like 50 no you're probably swinging at like 100 100 miles an hour maybe 102 but the tour average
i think it's like 114 miles per hour this is their this is their driver right well bryson's
swinging 130 miles an hour now with that you got to realize how hard it is to get the ball to fly straight.
He also hits a five degree driver.
For everyone out there that has a driver, your driver's probably 10 degrees, 11 degrees,
12 degrees.
It makes the ball go in the air.
He's swinging it so fast that he doesn't need much loft on his driver.
Well, in the process of trying to work and find a driver that can like have the ball
successfully come off the face at that speed
they are non-stop around the clock working for him this is this is cobra golf bryson d chambeau
comes off the first round at the open and he says um yeah you know the driver sucks now i'm listening
to this press conference i was listening to it live as he said that i'm like oh he's trying to
say he didn't drive the ball well today no No, this fucking clown goes in more in depth and starts ripping on the club like the manufacturer, the face of the driver. He's going at the actual product that he's using. He's going after the company who pays him tons of money to hit their clubs. after these ridiculous comments? The big dog at Cobra comes out and says,
this guy, and I'm paraphrasing,
it is so painful when he says things this idiotic and stupid.
It is like an eight-year-old at times.
Dude, this is the guy who, when his caddy quit two weeks prior,
his caddy quit Thursday morning,
the first round of the Rocket Mortgage Classic,
where he's defending champion, where we talked about this.
This was the guy who caddied for him.
The guy who came out and called him idiotic and stupid and like an eight-year-old
was the guy who was on his bag when his caddy quit.
So at some point, you got to wonder, is everyone going to quit on this guy?
He's that much of a fucking insecure baby who's constantly, constantly chirping the people who are doing their best
to try to get him the product he needs the guy from cobra came out and said we have 20 people
non-stop working for him we're making driver after driver after driver that isn't good enough
we're doing our best and he knows that and he's still coming on and everyone's listening to what
he's going to say and ripping our product it's's like this fucking guy. I don't think.
I didn't realize all that other stuff ended up.
So I like how they went back after him,
but I didn't realize that guy who ended up taking the old caddies place was the
guy who fired back at him. Yes. And I don't golf people.
Correct me if I'm wrong.
I don't ever remember like a manufacturer like going back
at the player i know patrick reed patrick reed another asshole out there he's gone i mean fuck
we went at the sandblaster and they didn't even come back at us yeah exactly well that was an
illegal club but this dechambeau cannot get out of his own way and it goes into i think his entire
team his entire squad i don't know if he has one person around him that isn't a yes man.
And, and man, this guy's going to make fucking 50 million playing golf.
If not more, I don't know.
But to be, to be a person that is that clueless and that out of touch with
reality, you just wonder at some point,
will he be so dumb that there's just nobody that wants to be associated with
him?
And then we'll get him in a
sandbagger and fucking dust them in that and then he'll be done he'll be playing on the fucking
waterberry he'll be playing at the waterberry open and kepka comes back and says i love my driver
he said the next day he goes i drove a crate i love my driver oh my he just you know he's sipping
a cocktail after all these things are going on saying saying, oh, he's watching the demise of Bryson.
Yeah.
Either way.
I'm sorry, Biz.
No, no, we're done.
We're done, buddy.
Are you sure?
Yeah, I don't know.
Are we?
Did you do anything else stupid?
Is he playing with a tea manufacturer?
Hey, I'm just glad to see an American win the Open.
It was good shit to see a guy go across the pond and win one.
Congrats to Colin Morikawa.
Superstar. Absolutely.
Love watching him play. Ted Lasso,
20 Emmy nominations for the season
one. I don't know if you guys caught up. I was away,
but I did manage to find that out.
Season two drops, I believe it's
Friday the 23rd, so I'm looking
forward to seeing how season two does after
you have such a great season on like that.
It's all these Emmy nominations, everybody loving the show.
So they've kind of set the bar pretty high,
so I'm very interested to see if they can lead a follow-up well.
Well, a couple things regarding Ted Lasso.
It's Jason Sudeikis.
Jason Sudeikis, yeah.
He wore, to Season 2 premiere, he wore a sweater that had the three players
from Team England's name on it
in order to stand up for the racism
that they faced off against.
Yeah.
And I didn't realize this.
His wife, was it Olivia Wilde?
Yeah, she's now with, like, a young guy.
She gassed him for Harry fucking Styles.
What the fuck is that shit?
Come on, man.
I'm a fan.
I hope he doesn't listen to me.
But you know what? That's Sudeikis. He can do it that shit? Come on, man. I'm a fan. I hope he doesn't listen. That's tough, man. But you know what?
That's Sudeikis.
He can do it.
He can grab whoever he wants.
But still, that's tough.
There's actually a great article on GQ.
I don't have a subscription, but I read it online.
Great.
He's the cover boy this month.
This week, however often it comes out.
And he gives a great interview.
And everybody who talks about him says he's almost like Ted Lasso.
He's just a real positive guy and has very positive energy
and just tries to really help people.
So it's almost like there's a semi-autobiographical nature
to the role that he plays.
R.A., my dad told me, too, Ted Lasso, one of the best shows he's ever watched.
And you still love it, right?
Now, R.A., when you said you're a fan, do you mean you're a fan
of not only him but also Harry Styles?
No, I'm not talking about Harry Styles.
I've been a fan of Sudeikis ever since he came to SNL, loved all his movies.
And then when he did Ted Lasso, that's been the pinnacle.
Harry Styles, I have no beef with him.
I've never listened to his band, whatever it was called, back in the day.
I know he left. He's an actor, whatever.
I have no opinion one way or the other.
He was in that, what was the war movie a couple years ago um fuck christopher nolan one where they they filmed the
three different 1917 no that was the um that was the other one sam mendes one this it was the one
but um they filmed in three different sequences don kirk don kirk i've never seen it i heard it's
unbelievable it's a great movie it's a great. And he has a small role in that.
But yeah, I don't listen to that music.
I got no problem with it.
I'm not dissing it.
But yeah, I mean, it just sucks that.
It's just, he's young, right?
So like, if my wife leaves me for 10 years for a 25-year-old stud,
I'll kill them both.
But if she leaves me for a 40-year-old, go ahead.
Yeah, we talk about a bruise to the ego.
And you can think you don't have an ego, both but if she leaves me for a 40 year old go ahead yeah we talk about a bruise to the ego and
like you can think you don't have an ego but like your old lady dump shift for a 22 year old fucking
stud man that's gonna that's gonna cripple you but you know i don't know you move on and and he
seems i guess you gotta just go grab a 22 year old rocking himself who knows what ted lasso
ron francis is first on my list if he ends up picking a polarn and then number two is harry
styles and i'll be doing it for you
too RA because we like Ted Lasso around
here yeah I know so what you still
haven't finished it yet I'm guessing
I tried the first episode
I'm going to go in because I need a show right now
you got to go back to it
but I am
psyched to hear Big Dan was a big fan of it
because a lot of people have become big
fans of it through my recommendation.
And honestly, like that's not an ego thing.
That's just like I get a joy in sharing things that I like with other people who like them as much as me.
And Ted Lasso was probably the epitome of that because I love them from the get go.
And every it seems like every day on Twitter, somebody else who watches it.
So thanks for listening to me there.
Let's see. Oh, this is one goofy, last goofy topic.
I get on my Uber or lyft the other night i had a long ass funeral i was out drinking all day and took an uber home
and the guy didn't say a word the guys like i give you five stars i'm like like who gives a
fuck what the driver gives you an uber or lyft matters how because they're not pick you up for
fucking money because then they won't they won't they'll because if if you request an uber they'll they'll look to see what your rating is and they
might say no if you're like got like a low rating yeah if you're like chirping the drivers and you're
puking in the back seat they give you a bad rating ra and and yes they will not pick you up if you
have a bad rating at least someone's gonna get you like all the 10 drives can pass but then
eventually someone's gonna be okay it's fucking 40 bucks no but if you have a low rating and you want to get a ride
quick and then four people say no this guy's a 4.4 i ain't picking them all of a sudden you're
not able to get over to meet your uh your your connect now saying that i'm interested to know
what ra's rating is because you can check what your rating is but you got to dig for on the uber
let's everyone look okay let's everyone
look yeah you know where to find it grinnelly yeah i do all right so go to uber yeah go to uber
and then when i got it when you get to uber click on the top left like hamburger thing
and then you go down to settings mine's 4.68 fucking mine too biz? Mine's 4.68. Mine too, Biz. I'm a 4.68.
I've got mine up
from 4.1, though.
It's not settings.
You hit the three lines at the top.
And then it's right below your name.
We called it a hamburger.
I'm 4.75.
And then where after that?
It's right beneath your name.
Oh, 4.78.
Oh!
Hooray!
Let's go!
I must have said she had a fucking joint with somebody at some point.
But either way, I was like, oh, thanks, buddy.
I already told him he was Ted Lasso.
The guy's like, oh, shit.
I've literally never given it a second thought.
No, it matters.
It matters.
One last thing.
This is a wicked veteran tip.
Like, coming home from Columbia,
I had a fly from Cartania to Panama city,
Panama,
not Florida.
And it was like an hour and 20 minute layover.
So what did I,
what I did,
I was in seat like 32 F way in the back.
So I waited for the whole plane to board.
So I was the last second,
the last guy to get on.
So I could see all the empty seats there.
So I could get a seat close to the front to cut it that much closer.
Cause dude,
when you're at seat 32 and you've got like a 40 minute,
like layover and you've got to do a mad dash,
that's anxiety central.
So I waited for everyone to get on.
I ended up on like the sixth row,
get off the plane.
I still had to do like a mad dash,
like OJ Simpson.
I don't mean like slashing throats.
I mean,
running through the airport.
I made my flight in about 20,
25 minutes,
but little veteran move. Next time you have to make a flight.
Wait it out and hope it's empty.
I think you could tell the flight attendants, though, too,
and they'll let you off first.
Yeah.
It's just a double veteran tip.
No, exactly.
I was just like, I can't be too careful.
I was super paranoid because I needed that.
I thought for sure you'd be in first class after that little sneak job.
Well, I did it.
It's funny.
I asked to upgrade with a woman, but a little bit of a language barrier.
I was in a foreign country and everything was in Spanish.
So I was just kind of like hoping I just got home.
You had to give a COVID test, all these like documents and shit.
But it was well worth it, man.
I had a blast.
I highly recommend it.
Go into Columbia.
If you can get down there.
It was a hell of a time.
Different cities, different places.
I know there are.
But I had a blast. And boys, this episode can get down there, it was a hell of a time. Different cities, different places. I know they're out, but I had a blast.
And, boys, this episode has been a blast, too.
Yeah, it's been a long time, too.
Yeah.
We're at three and a half hours.
It's great to see you guys.
And next week, we'll be able to chat about Seattle's actual roster.
We will be able to really look into UFA,
which will be coming up in a few days after that, along with the draft.
And I look forward to it. So it's great
seeing all you guys again.
Once again, thank you to our listeners. We appreciate
you so much for staying on and listening
after the hockey talk. We enjoy getting into
the nonsense. And we love you all.
And remember, ego is
the enemy.
Peace.
Look out for our self-help conferences next after ball hockey all right guys
later have a great weekend
as always we like to thank our terrific sponsors here on spit and chicklets
huge thanks to our longtime friends at new amsterdam vodka and pink whitney
big thanks to our longtime friends over at roman fellas check them out huge thanks to our longtime friends at New Amsterdam Vodka and Pink Whitney. Big thanks to our longtime friends over at Roman.
Fellas, check them out.
Huge thanks to everybody over at Bodyama.
Be sure to hydrate with that stuff this summer.
Huge thanks to everybody at Earnest.
Check them out for your student refinance and loans.
Big thanks to everyone at Aura.
Check them out for your internet security needs.
And, of course, huge thanks to our longtime friends over at SimpliSafe.
Check them out and keep your place safe.
Have a fantastic week, everybody.
