Hey, Spittin' Chicklets listeners, you can find every episode on Apple Podcasts,
Spotify, or YouTube. Prime members can listen ad-free on Amazon Music.
I wanna tell you when you said you had Nashville,
I mean, this is what, what did you take them?
Match, like early match. I was going to say, with 15 games to go, 20?
Roughly that, yeah.
And I remember being like, dude, what a stupid bet.
And you made me look foolish, amazing series,
but I did think of you when they did go down.
Yeah, hey, you know what?
And fucking, you know, I know you had fun with the Pittsburgh people
and all that, but I tip my cap to the Penguins, man.
Congratulations.
You know, full congrats.
I mean, I have fun and all that, but I'm a man of my word.
I have no problem saluting a team that won the cup.
It's so hard to do.
They repeated.
I didn't think they were going to do that 20 years.
I mean, like, we saw that stat.
I saw you retweet it, Ryan.
The six defensemen that they played, not one of their defensemen ever got a Norris Trophy vote.
Now, you could get a 10th place vote.
First team in history to win.
First team in history to ever have a defensive core
that didn't get one Norris Trophy vote at all.
And again, not even like a 10th place vote.
And it's amazing that they were able to do that.
Their defense, they did the job.
I thought that's where the series was going to swing.
It certainly looked like it early on,
but Pittsburgh's forwards were just too much, like you said.
Malkin and Crosby, put whoever you want with those guys,
they're going to get the job done, and they did.
Of course, Matt Murray was Matt Murray.
It wasn't surprising at all.
Just Pittsburgh, it's Crosby. Crosby and Malkin
are the reason that they realistically
could win again next year.
At this point,
Malkin is so
unreal in the playoffs too. It's not even like
he's a regular season guy. He's better in the
playoffs, I think. Crosby's Crosby.
You really can't say anything
else. He took over that series
after Game 3.
When did he really... It say anything else. He took over that series after game three. No.
When did he really?
No, it was game four.
Game four, he had an unreal game.
He dominated down there, and then he didn't stop after that.
He had gotten a little shit after the game three loss, and he never stopped.
I will say, we haven't talked since.
We missed game five and six, right?
Yeah.
So I immediately think of game six.
And what a missed call, though.
Oh, my.
What a missed call.
I'm glad you brought it.
Was it Auberg?
I think he reached in.
No, it was Sissons.
Sissons.
I'm sorry.
Yeah.
It was Sissons.
Good call.
The referee has to take a hard stride behind the net.
See?
And just.
And I understand.
It's not like he meant to do anything.
It was just a shitty mistake.
Players make shitty mistakes.
I saw Ray Ferraro had a good tweet.
It said, players fuck up all game long.
Right.
So referees, naturally, they're going to fuck up.
But my whole issue is the other three guys can come over and tell him that puck's free.
That's what drove me. You can what drove me fucking crazy, Ryan.
Again, this is a complaint we've had all season.
That's what I'm fucked with the Super Bowl.
They got a couple sketchy goals.
Consistency is what the refs don't have.
Now, going back to the missed goal, game six.
Now, instead of having a 1-0 lead, in a game they lose 1-0.
That goal is huge.
And like you said, Paul Stewart the next day, he didn't really criticize Park but he kind of did now he stood there he didn't make any effort to get closer to the play
and when you blow a quick whistle it's it's 90 percent of the time more than that it's because
the goalie is in danger maybe getting run into it's because there's a scrum and you lose sight
of it there was nobody there there was no reason to blow that whistle early he made no effort to
get there and and that's the kick on the balls is doubt there was no reason to blow that was that whistle early he made no effort to get
there and and that's the kick on the balls is doubt there was a game in buffalo earlier this
year where the same thing happened the refs conferred and they're like you know what it's a
goal the whistle was irrelevant it had nothing to do and the fact they didn't do that was it was
fucking stunning yeah so if it was foolish and that was two games of the fourth games that
nashville lost they should have had a one goal one nothing lead in two of them and
in a game in the cup at this stage of the playoffs
every goal is a premium so when you
don't get it it's fucking huge man
and then Hornquist gets the goal
he was a predator for a long time
kicking the ball just like that's a suck
I mean and he what a Hornquist
goal off the wall and then he just like
shoots it goes in off the goal he usually
I bet you 80 maybe 90 of that guy's career goals are from three feet outside the crease in him.
Right.
And it was  I think Mike Sullivan, actually, I saw a little clip from post-celebration.
Like, of course, that was the perfect goal you'd score or something like that.
And it's just a classic Hornquist goal to end it.
You knew it was overtime once it came to like four minutes, right?
Four minutes to go was pretty much next goal.
But that sucks.
We didn't even get to all the time.
I mean, I know it felt like it, but it's like, oh, we're going to get here.
I thought we actually were going to.
But then you've got to think back to Pittsburgh.
Matt Murray, he shuts out five and six to win the Stanley Cup.
His second cup, he's a fucking rookie.
Rookie still, yeah.
He has two cups, he's a rookie.
So Marc-Andre Fleury is this, you want to say,
actually he's probably a Penguins Hall of Fame goaltender.
He definitely is.
He would be in the Penguins Hall of Fame if they do have one.
I think they have a ring of honor.
And he's going to be probably leaving teams
this year because
not only do they have
Crosby and Malik
and they were able
to somehow find
Matt Murray
in the second round.
And he looks like
this future,
not even looks like
he is this superstar
goalie already.
I said on Twitter,
he looks like
your cousin's buddy
from the Hampshire
who will change
your oil for 25 bucks.
Yeah, he's got a look.
He's like,
that'll get better though
the more money he gets.
I'm not even trying to like
rub salt on any wounds here,
but Chris Kunitz
now has as many Stanley Cups
as Wayne Gretzky.
Yeah.
So I actually was watching the game.
I was in Bermuda
for the honeymoon
and I'm sitting there
and I'm watching the game
and I'm gassing red wine.
I'm talking like
I started at dinner and I'm like game sick. Not too hot, no? there, I'm watching the game, and I'm gassing red wine. I'm talking like started at dinner.
Sweaty balls.
Not too hot, no?
Dude, I had an AC in the room set to 67.
Boom, done.
And just all of a sudden I realized that I'm like, wow, we've had four bottles of wine,
and this guy just won his fourth Stanley Cup.
It's like 1 a.m. Bermuda time.
I'm like, holy shit.
What an interesting turn of events in terms of my life since that trade.
But he's been just that part of that core that Pittsburgh has.
Him, Letang, Malkin, Crosby, and Fleury,
the five guys who won three Stanley Cups with the Penguins.
Now, going back to the Cup a little bit.
Now, obviously, Pittsburgh played great.
They won.
We gave the refs the grief and shit they should get for just bad.
And again, that's all playoffs long.
That's not a pro-Preds or anti-Penguins stance.
That's just the refs sucked.
They were bad.
They affected way too many games.
But, man, Nashville, man, on that power, that 5-on-3,
and just so many times during that game, man, what the fuck?
I hate to sound like the guy in the balcony.
It's like, shoot.
Shoot.
Were you going to shoot at the TV?
It's like,
man,
you guys need a fucking goal here.
Like they just did.
Like,
I'm not saying they weren't desperate,
but like when,
when there was more chaos,
they got better chances and they were waiting for this perfect strike every
single time.
Instead of like whether,
whether it was the five on three or other opportunities.
And it just seemed like they,
they,
they weren't fucking desperate enough,
man.
I don't know what,
what's your take on that?
As far as like waiting for the perfect shot all the time?
That's tough.
I would never say, though, I'm going to disagree.
I would never say they weren't desperate.
To me, they played so desperate.
But you're talking on the power play.
Yeah, it was frustrating.
Again, obviously they were desperate.
So here's what I think I would say to people who yell shoot,
like people like that, or even someone like you who's watching,
like what's going on?
Why aren't they shooting?
On a five-on-three especially, yeah, you do have to move the puck and get shots,
but there's so many shots that look to maybe fans,
like it would be like shoot the puck on net,
but you know you're not going to score,
and you know that it's like a wasted chance.
It's almost like you're waiting for somebody to get in front for a screen
or you want to set up a one-timer.
Sometimes when a guy's carrying it and it looks so slow and lethargic
and people are like, shoot the puck.
He's like, I'm not going to score from where I am right now.
So that's like a little bit what was happening.
But it combines that with looking for the perfect play.
And they were doing a little of that.
I mean, at some point they just had to start getting it on net and getting chances um but in terms of their team
like they they gave it every i mean they gave it that's a good team i don't think they're going
anywhere no they got a lot of key guys signed up i know we're talking about nashville almost more
than the penguins it seems but um it wasn't for like a lot it turned out to be a great stanley
cup final basically i thought pittsburgh got a chance to like roll through them and it looked it seems, but it wasn't for like a lot. It turned out to be a great Stanley Cup final, basically.
I thought Pittsburgh got a chance to like roll through them,
and it looked like they were going to, and after three and four,
we got a good series.
The unfortunate thing was, and we haven't even mentioned,
game five, Pittsburgh just, that's when it was just like,
holy shit, they're not worried at all about what happened in Nashville.
They came back firing.
Yeah, they did.
And that was just such a shit kicking.
It was the same thing, 3-0 in the first period, like game one, what are you you gonna do yeah from there and they couldn't come back twice in a series down 3-0 so game five really kills them because uh you know then you're
coming home but pittsburgh just had that dominance with with those top guys taking over and at that
point there's nothing you can do when crosby malkin and kessel start heating up it's like
by the way phil kessel. Fucking two Stanley Cups now.
Don Cherry's been shitting all over him.
We got a little picture, actually, Grinnelli, we can get out there with Phil Took.
Maybe even a video.
Yeah, it was sent.
So we'll get that picture out there for everyone.
Also, Nashville, too.
I mean, losing Johansson before the season.
I mean, that was a huge loss for them.
Yeah, I tweeted, actually. I said, the season, I mean, that was a huge loss for them. Yeah, I tweeted, actually.
I said, you know, they're not going anywhere.
And with Johansson, I think I said it could be a different story or it is a different story.
And all these Penguins fans came flying at me.
The Penguins haven't had LeTang.
They're fucking bad.
I'm like, whoa.
I'm like, they haven't had LeTang for a long time.
I understand if he's there.
It's, fuck, one of the best defensemen in the world.
Johansson was in the playoffs up until
the Western Conference
Finals. It's a little different.
I knew the Tang wasn't part of the
Penguins' playoff plan, so yeah, they had him back.
Nashville had Johansson
fucking seven games ago, and to have
him, that's all I meant. I wasn't saying
they were the only ones battling
injuries. Relax.
Penguins fans like Patriots fans, man.
It's like you can't compliment someone else without them getting mad. It's like, listen, there's room for both at the table here.
It's okay to say this city had fun and your city's having fun too.
It's like everything doesn't, like, you don't have to take it fucking so personal, man.
Like, you know, it's like you guys won.
You guys are the champion.
You were the defending champs.
Now you guys won. You guys are the champion. You were the defending champs. Now you are again. Like, stop worrying that fucking this southern town down Tennessee is having some fun.
It's not taking anything away from you.
Like, fucking re-fucking-lax, man.
Did you see Mario jump in Sid's pool?
Yeah.
Yeah.
He did a little bit of a ski action.
Dude, he looked smooth as silk.
Only Mario could look that smooth jumping in a pool.
What would you call that?
His, like, fucking splash was perfect. It was like a little wave What would you call that? His like fucking splash was perfect
It was like a little wave
Would you call that a ski
When you were like a teenager
Jumping in your buddy's pool?
Jackknife
Jackknife
That was a jack?
Yeah
Like Grinnelli did down there
Jackhammer
Just call that a ski
And if you might
You might do a little
Actually no
A ski
Remember a twist ski?
No
No dude
You go old school
We have a little
We've talked about this
Our gap might as well be like 30 years.
And it's only what, seven?
Yeah, 10 maybe.
10, yeah.
Actually, we used to, well, down in the Navy, we used to live, they used to have the big
fucking cranes for the dry docks.
We used to jump off those when we were kids.
They took them down now.
How high were they?
That was like the Project Kid diving board.
Sit you with people listening.
I jumped Parachi.
It had to be fucking 50, 60 feet.
It was like,
once you climbed up there,
there was only one way down.
And it wasn't like simply jumping in and hitting the water because it was an old dry dock filled in the stairs for the dry dock with us.
You had to like push off like,
or else you fucking hit the stairs.
And that's,
I mean,
that's when you worry about jumping in and catching like a needle in the water.
Tough way to cool off back in the day.
So anyways,
yeah, the cup was, was entertaining. Again, congr way to cool off back in the day. So anyways, yeah, the Cup was entertaining.
Again, congrats to the Penguins and back-to-back champs.
Hasn't happened in a while.
This year, Conn Smythe, Sid Crosby, no question.
No question.
I mean, Malkin was probably the leader in the clubhouse going into it.
P.K., Subban, and Eklund did a great job of shutting him down.
Crosby, man, like last year when he won it, there was a little bit of hair.
Didn't really shut him down, but they played him good.
I don't think Malkin scored one five.
I don't know if he had one five-on-five goal against Subir.
Yeah, exactly.
You're right.
But he still, that's what I'm saying, he gets it done in the power play.
It's just those guys are so good.
What do you got, Grinnelli?
Guys, thoughts on the parade?
Man, the parade season showing by Ole Mata,
made up for every single mistake he made in the playoffs,
gets crippled out there.
Then you see the picture of him snoozing on his deck outside, shirt off.
So Mata's just making up for what he probably didn't consider his best season
and just crushing the parade season.
Yeah, they buried him.
I don't know if it was Daly
was his partner, but yeah, they were playing basically 4D
for like the last couple of games,
but they got it done, man. They got it done.
Nick Bonino, we got to give
a Barstool fan, Nick Bonino played on
the, what did he finish game five with the broken
tibia or leg or something
and broke all the way through.
So that's fucking hockey guy shit right there.
Huge hockey guy.
I can't wait for the hockey contrarian take on hockey Twitter telling us he was foolish for risking himself.
There's always some take out there.
Oh, he's a dope.
Remember when Greg Campbell broke his leg?
Someone wrote, he's a dope for doing that.
There always has to be some anti-tough tough guy out there.
Those are the guys who tell their girlfriends everything.
Just straight up pussies. right so so we also i wanted to bring up uh i saw coming
back from bermuda people were bitching that we didn't have a podcast the day after yeah it was
yeah that guy was that guy was a fucking idiot don't listen to us you motherfucker i was on my
honeymoon golfing.
I could not do a podcast, you peasant.
So we're coming out now.
And that's what I wanted to bring that up to you.
What a muppet that guy was.
Shame on me for taking the bait.
Yeah, I was actually going to say, why did you give him attention?
Because you know what?
I just woke up.
I hadn't had my caffeine yet.
A little fucking sleepy, a little cranky.
I was going to be like, dude, don't even give him that.
And then I bring him up on the podcast.
Cut his name. I don't even want to fucking hear his name on the podcast. I will cut that. And then it was like I was going to be like don't even give him that and then I bring him up on the podcast cut his name
I don't even want to
fucking hear his name
on the podcast
I will cut that
and then it was another guy
like oh like
and then it was like
oh no wonder why
what pissed me off
was like yeah
you're on your honeymoon
so if you were
fucking listening
you wouldn't know
then it was like
no wonder why
Nadini didn't send
his anyway
first off
Nadini didn't
fucking say no to us
so don't drag her into it
she had nothing to do
with why we didn't
go to Nashville
third off
it wasn't a fucking audition
we went to have fun
we did have fun.
We did have fun.
We made some content.
Yeah, videos are great.
Videos are great.
Thanks, pal.
Thanks.
Yeah, I had nothing to do.
It was just like, no, it was never like, oh, you guys have.
Listen, folks.
And again, I feel like 99.9 of our listeners, you don't have to listen.
It's just, I'm not a 20-year-old kid on a college audition for a job here.
I have a job.
I work. This is something I do on the side for a hobby, for fun. You're in a full-time gigold kid out of college auditioning for a job here. I have a job. I work.
This is something I do on the side for a hobby, for fun. You're in a full-time gig.
So does Grinnelli.
I'm not auditioning for Boston here.
I'm not trying to win a job.
We work in Boston.
We live in Boston.
This is something we do on the side.
We love to do it.
We have fun with it.
Shy to ask.
Stop fucking assuming you know what our lives are.
We have three different guys.
I just saw you get heated.
I had to bring that up.
I was like, you were right, but I also, you can't give the guy the, I love you that you
didn't have the caffeine yet, though.
Yeah.
That makes sense to me now.
And now this is where someone chimes in like, oh, it was 11 o'clock.
I work second shift.
So boom.
So fucking boom.
You're covering all the bases in terms of getting chirped on Twitter.
Yeah, and like I said, shame on me because I usually, I broke my own rule.
Usually before you reply, you're like,
all right, let me see how many followers this person has
and what other stuff they say.
The guy, like, I think he opened the account that day.
Just to come after you.
Shame on me.
But conversely, thank you for the tremendous support
to all our wonderful listeners for chiming in
and getting our backs and all that.
Again, just sometimes you just get roughed the wrong way.
You guys are the balls.
It was like a triple thing.
They were coming at you, coming at Nadini, coming at me and Grinnelli, just sometimes you just get roughed the wrong way. You guys are the walls. It was like a triple thing. They were coming at you,
coming at Nadini,
coming at me and Grinnelli,
so go fuck yourselves.
Yeah, I'm on a plane.
I got an Amstel light.
I'm taking shrapnel from the clouds
and being on my honeymoon,
swinging them.
Whatever.
Whatever.
Listen, we bring authority.
Yeah, bingo.
We got a fantastic guest
coming up in a second.
What a legend.
Absolute legend.
Two-time Stanley Cup winner.
Once in Anaheim, once here in Boston,
where he really solidified his NHL legend, I think.
So now we're going to be bringing in our buddy, Sean Thornton.
Now we are pleased to bring in a Boston legend,
Canadian legend, now a Floridian for the next future.
Sean Thornton, Thorty, thank you very much for joining us.
How are you doing, buddy?
Thanks for having me, Jens.
No time, I guess, huh?
Two-time Stanley Cup champion, Sean Thornton.
Yeah, fuck, I left that one out.
That's how I make everyone refer to me when I walk in a room.
I leave that out because I didn't win one, so I'm like, oh, whatever.
That doesn't get brought up.
That doesn't get brought up.
But, no, we just want to start first.
Thank you very much for coming.
But what's your new gig with Florida?
We've seen that you're in the front office, but I'm not sure exactly what you're doing.
So I'm interested more than anyone.
So what's going on there?
I am in the front office.
My official title is Vice President of Business Operations.
Right now, I've been here for like, yeah, right?
Big title.
That's a fucking big title for you, man.
That sounds very official.
You had to get you a new abacus for that job, huh?
So what's the day-to-day?
I'm just throwing them at people so people know.
So right now, I'm just learning a lot.
I've given a little bit of players' perspective in sales meetings
and corporate sponsors and going over player appearances for the season
and what guys will and won't do and trying to learn budgets.
I've got a lot that I really have to learn.
I've only been here for two weeks, and two of those days
we were up at Patriots camp taking it in so um right now i'm just sitting back and trying to drink in as
much as i can uh give my opinion when uh when asked for it and you know really really try and
learn the business side of things that's awesome i mean i think that's that's really that's going
to be interesting for you i mean especially just because you've just been a hockey player since you were, like, 11, so that's going to be fun out there.
Yeah, I mean, I have a little bit of experience
because I was so tight with Matt Chemura and Eric Tosi with the Bruins,
so I was in the offices all the time,
and I did a lot of the stuff with corporate sponsorship,
stuff in Boston, and then, you and then running my own foundation.
I had to learn how to figure out budgets and some spreadsheets and a little bit of that
shit, but not at this level.
This is a whole new animal, but I have a small feel for it, so I'm not going in completely
blind, just any bigger glasses.
Must have been quite an adjustment, Sean, going from giving your opinion only when asked
as opposed to just whenever you feel like it.
That must have been something new for you.
In the locker room, just telling you whether you wanted to hear it or not.
Yeah.
It's a little bit of an adjustment.
You are correct.
Now, Sean, I know Scott O'Butt was you originally,
after you retired, you were most likely going to come back to Boston
and probably maybe do the Nessun thing
or something maybe a little better than that as far as media.
Then you did a 180.
I mean, you're not only working, you know, for a team in the front office,
but you're working on the business side.
Were you looking for like a personal challenge or something?
It just seemed to come out of the blue.
Everyone, you know, obviously you got a natural gift for Gab like a lot of us Irish folk,
and we figured you'd be doing that, you know, on the tour.
But, you know, you're going into like, you into, like I said, not even the hockey operations,
but the business side.
Were you looking just for something to really challenge yourself with?
Yeah, and I'll learn a lot more doing this.
I will say thank you to Nesson and the Jacobs and the Bruins.
There was a job offer to go work for Nesson.
They were going to create a show, a pre-pre-show.
I was going to do pre and post.
I was going to be doing some one-on-ones with players, a bunch of that stuff.
And I actually, that's the avenue I thought I was going to go down.
I was, you know, going to the NHL player meetings and doing talks in front of all the media outlets about players giving back and i was you know i was making every effort to
get into that walk of life and set myself up so i'd be in good shape when i retired and then
the panthers organization uh our minority owner doug sifu and matt caldwell the president ceo
approached me uh about coming and really learning the business side of things and
seeing where this takes me um so yeah
the challenge is one i mean i'm basically getting a getting paid to go to university right now
in a pretty good organization uh learning a ton um and as far as the hockey
op side i mean i've always thought about going into coaching i thought i'd be a decent coach
uh i always thought about you you know, being an assistant GM
or working my way up the ladder through player development.
But I think not knowing where you're going to be,
it's kind of like the player's lifestyle where you could be living in Florida
for two years and, you know, moving to Anchorage, Alaska
to coach a team for two years and then moving to Anchorage, Alaska to coach a team for two years,
and then moving to Richmond, Virginia.
That part of it really did not...
I just wasn't feeling it.
I didn't want to move around as much anymore.
I did it my whole career, and I just wanted to set up shop one place and really learn from these guys.
Also, I know you well that setting in florida and how much you love to
swing the wrenches dude that that that's a little different than being in boston and not playing for
seven months a year it doesn't doesn't hurt you are correct uh that was actually a little not the
golf part but you know a little bit of conversation the the better half is like what like you're gonna
go to boston and in the winter you're just gonna sit at home until two o'clock and you have to in the dark snowing rainy until you have to go to the office
like you're gonna be miserable exactly so now now i'm in the it's sunny but i'm in the office from
eight till five so i don't get the scratches as much anyways but maybe once i start getting some
uh starting to get to meet some corporate sponsors and stuff, I can go out and swing them a little bit more and take care of some of that stuff.
Well, that's awesome.
But more than anything, away from the current stuff, I want to,
I didn't even really give you the real introduction of how I know you.
And I know, you know, the career is over now.
What a career it was.
And for people who don't know, I first played against you in the AHL during
the lockout season I think
or maybe that no
yes Wilkes-Barre Scranton you were on the Norfolk
what is it like the Admiral
Admiral so Thority
is this guy and I'm coming in and I'm like
this young fucking bean
pole pussy defenseman doesn't
and everyone knows I'm not going to fight
watch out for that Thority and he'll punch your head in don't even do anything sure as shit i'm like oh
fuck this guy's a huge dude you're skating down on me you could have buried me he's like heads up
wit heads up wit doesn't even know me i'm like what a guy what a guy and then later on you fought
someone punched their head and i'm like holy shit this guy's a complete savage thank god he was nice
to me so i've always never even really thanked you for that.
I have a switch that I can turn on and off.
People talk highly about your character with.
So you got the benefit of the doubt before I met you.
So, yeah, I only bury people when I really didn't like them.
Yeah, exactly.
But so I'm just so happy as your career ends.
What was it like? I mean, I'm sure it was everything you thought it would ever be and more. I mean, you played 600 AHL games, then you played 600 NHL games. I believe you're the only person to ever do that. Two Stanley Cups. Just give me a little bit of, you know, when you were 17, 18 years old, I don't think you dreamed that it would end up being this amazing career that you really went and ran with and won two Stanley Cups.
Fuck no. We're allowed to swear on your
podcast. Yeah, there's fucking swearing and
drinking. It's fucking encouraged.
Alright.
Fuck no. When I was 17, I just finished
my second year of midget. I got a tryout with a couple
of junior teams, but I didn't think
I was going anywhere.
In 19, I finished my junior career
and i was working in the fucking steel plant for six months before i went to my first training
camp so uh and like you said nine you know nine years basically on and off in the minors i and
yeah i have no complaints like no complaints i played 20 fucking years i pretty much fought
everybody that i had to fight i never really backed down from anyone unless it was going to hurt my team.
I was lucky enough to win twice.
Yeah, I have no complaints.
I mean, I wish I would have made Witt's money, but other than that, I got no complaints.
What is it doing in the memory lane?
Sydney.
Thoughts?
Do you remember our first meeting?
I know I'm not as popular as Whitney, but...
Yeah, I do.
You do?
No, I do, actually.
I remember, I thought you were, well, you kind of are just some fucking savage townie
that's hanging out at the bar.
Not kind of, he is.
Yeah.
So you want to tell it or you want me to tell it?
You go.
I've never heard this, so I can't wait to see where this one goes.
You go, Thorty.
So it was my first year at Boston.
It was October.
We had the Wives Carnival.
The Bruins had the Wives Carnival.
And the Stanley Cup was there.
And the guy that was the keeper of the Cup, Mike Bolt, is a friend of mine.
So he did my cup party that year with Anaheim.
I got to know him really well.
I used to go out to Toronto and drink beers.
So he's like, do you want to grab some beers after this wise carnival and you know me him but never said
no to going to have beers so uh i'm like he's like but the fucking thing is i got the trophy i can't
just leave it in the car or you know leave it in my hotel room i'm like that's fine there's this
little hole in the wall pub in charlestown that the tuesday night there'll be no one in there
we'll just bring it in nobody will even give a shit so brought the stanley cup into ironside and sure enough there's fucking
four people rear admiral is one of them and i just didn't want to deal with it i'd take a picture
with like everybody who's in there with like legit four or five people but i just didn't want to deal
with i just want to sit down and have beers with uh my buddy and i was so i told rear admiral i'm
like you're in charge nobody touches the cup he like, I'll fucking stab somebody if they come over in this fucking corner near it.
So that was the first time I met him.
He was the keeper of the cup for an evening in Ironside.
That's, yeah, that's pretty much spot on.
That's pretty much spot on.
I'll never forget it because, yeah, you come over and, like you said,
you put the cup on the middle of the table,
and you gave me a poke like a mean principal to an eighth grader, right?
It almost pierced my heart.
You're like, you're in charge.
Make sure no one picks it up.
I was like, you got it, brother.
I called my father.
I'm like, Dad, you'll never guess what I'm babysitting right now.
It's like midnight.
He's like, what?
He's like, the Stanley Cup.
And then I don't know if you remember what else you said.
You said, I'm going to win it, and I'm going to bring it back,
and I'm going to bring it to Sully's.
And sure as shit, three years later, you were a man of your word.
When you guys won it, you brought it to Sully's.
Yeah, that was pretty cool, actually.
Bring it to, I brought it to old Sully's.
And somebody, I was taken to Children's Hospital right after that,
and I didn't have a lot of time at Sully's.
And not everybody got to take a picture, and it's always the way, like,
you could be there for an hour, and if there's 500 people in the room and 450 get to take a picture and it's always the way like you could be there for an hour and if there's 500 people in the room and 450 get to take a picture with it the 50 didn't get a
picture think you're an asshole like there's there's nothing you can do about it so i remember
i was trying to like leave to get the children's that had to be there and somebody said i didn't
get a picture in one old school county i didn't even know who it was like hey shut the fuck up
you're fucking going to children's fucking hospital you're lucky you're fucking even in
here like the whole room went silent.
Like, it was like the Red Sea parted.
Everyone just got out of the way.
I don't know who it was yelling, but they had some juice because everyone got the hell out of my way,
and I walked straight to my car.
Could have been a yandel.
Yeah, it might have been a yandel.
You're right.
Speaking of the Cup, did you watch any of the finals, Sean?
I know a lot of guys, you know, especially if they already won it twice, they don't care. But, you know, you still have a foot in the game. Did you watch any of the finals, Sean? I know a lot of guys, especially if they already won it twice,
they don't care, but were you still of a foot in the game?
Did you even bother watching the final?
Not a second. Not one second.
Maybe in a few years I'll be able to.
I honestly thought going into this season
that we were going to have a chance at winning it.
And then things happened here and the team didn't do as well as we expected.
A million stories on that.
But so it pisses me off.
I don't know why, but my mentality has always been whenever I'm on a decent team, like that's my fucking trophy or that's our trophy.
Like, I can't watch it.
It pisses me off seeing other guys play for it, especially when you play against the team.
You have some success against them.
You think you can beat them.
So, yeah, I mean, I'm very happy for the penguins you know congrats to them
that's great they earned it they played really well uh but i did not watch a second of it i
actually walked in the office here i had to do some stuff in uh with the graphic arts department
and they're like how about that game and i legit didn't know what the hell they were talking about
i didn't even know they were like, oh, Pittsburgh won.
I was like, last night?
I had no clue.
I don't want to sound like a hero, but I literally just tuned it out.
I had no idea.
I think that's pretty common.
You hear that a lot of guys, if they're not in it,
then they really don't have much desire to watch it.
Yeah, none.
As far as fighting in the game, Sean, obviously that's, you know,
where you made one of your marks in the game.
Where do you see fighting in five years, ten years?
Is it going to be completely obsolete
or is it going to be like a case of
emergency break last type situation?
No, I think
they're trending towards guys
have to be able to play to do it. There's no
real
killers out there anymore.
Ryan Reeves
is really tough. Chris Neal's tough. But there's no guys going into the game, you know like nobody's like ryan reeves is really tough you know chris
neal's tough but there's no guys like going into the game you're like god i haven't slept in a week
thinking about this guy there's no you know derrick bugard rest rest in peace like god bless him uh
john scott like there's none of those george larock those guys aren't really in the game anymore
so they've gotten away with that or gotten away from that not i'm fine with that now you have
to be able to play the game um i don't think it'll ever be gone i don't think in five years i don't
think they'll ever be able to get rid of it i think the game is listen we don't have any out
of bounds you fucking you're in 200 by 85 and you're running the shit out of each other and
emotions are high you have to have that vent you
have to have that outlet it settles it down sometimes or else i think things will get out
of hand now i don't want to sound like a dinosaur and be like oh you know everyone's got a fight to
it's going away i see that but you better be able to play now too and i think as long as you can do
both there'll still be a spot for you in the game i I just don't think that it's gone all the way.
I think it's cyclical, too. When Carolina won
in 2006, everyone was
like, tough guys had a hard time finding a job.
And then we won it the next year in Anaheim
and then fucking every one of us
was making millions of dollars because the
Ducks were the biggest, baddest team in hockey.
So I think
it's a bit cyclical, but we'll see
where it goes. But I don't think it'll ever be gone.
Yeah, I agree with you.
I think that just tempers run high and, you know,
there'll always be the instances of shit right after the whistle
and that'll always happen.
But for you, like talking, I remember talking to guys.
I mean, I play with George LaRock, Eric Goddard, Eric Cairns.
Fuck, it goes on and on for the guys how tough they were.
And they would all say occasionally, like if you're talking to them, like, yeah,
I mean, the night before a fight or the pregame nap when you know you're fighting
Bugaard that night, it's not easy to, like, shut your eyes.
And did that happen to you ever or were you just like, I don't give a fuck?
No, God, yes.
Yeah, yeah.
If I had never fought somebody before, i wouldn't be able to sleep it was
the the fear of the unknown i guess and you know when i broke into the league there was no hockey
fights.com there was guys use that huh like guys hey do you know if this guy's a lefty or righty
like that was that was it you just hope you guessed right um but yeah i lost sleep all the
time after i fought a guy once or twice it wasn't't as bad. It was like I was fine, unless I got killed by the guy.
But, yeah, I lost a lot of sleep.
It's funny that we all say the same thing, too.
Like, we were all scared shitless going into it, basically.
Sean, who was the best fighter you ever had to go up against?
And what are some things you did in the offseason to, you know, make yourself a better fighter?
Because I heard, you know, you did some boxing classes and stuff like that yeah uh jesus
some of the best fighters i mean i think the best guys are the guys that are average size and and
don't get hit very often and do a pretty good job of uh dishing out punishment when they can uh i
think ryan reed is one of the best in the business.
He does some stuff in fights that I've never seen before.
He pulled off my grab hand with his strong hand so I didn't have a grip.
Kind of jujitsu shit that you never really see.
The toughest guy, probably Bugaard.
I think George LaRock.
I always did really well against George,
but he was just so big and strong.
He would just chuck lefts
yeah and I mean I'm a I can be lefty too so that wasn't really a problem it's just
you had to throw punches with him because you weren't going to out wrestle him he's just so
big and strong I think a lot of people went in thinking I'll just hang on to him and get out of
this alive but you're you had to change your mentality fighting him you had to go in and say
like I'm going to try and go punch for punch with this guy and hopefully i hit him before he hits me because the only chance you had and
that's why i went and tried to do and i was decent uh a decent fast hand so i could get inside on
him and did okay um as far as training in the offseason yeah i've boxed since i was god 11 12
years old probably um and i took it up a little bit more when i got in boston i was doing it two or three
times a week instead of once or twice um that doesn't that helped me conditioning wise but not
so much for the hockey fighting it's kind of different uh i started taking jiu-jitsu seven
or eight years ago that helped my flexibility and grabbing and you know learning to be on the inside
more than the outside uh but again you know what the biggest thing for me was
my first two three years in the league in the minors in st john's was we had seven or eight
tough guys on our team like everyone did back then the fucking shit show we used to wrestle
every practice yeah and we used to wrestle after every practice, and you would learn things just from sparring, basically, in practice for my first two, three years, and learn different things you could get away with, not get away with, different grabs, different techniques, when to push, when to pull, when to switch, and all that stuff.
So that was probably the biggest thing for me, was wrestling with DJ Smith, who's the assistant coach in Toronto now, a guy, Jeff Ware, Clay Norris.
We had some really tough guys, and you would learn from them,
learn from each other.
Sean, you had quite a few stops in your career, obviously well-documented.
You won a cup in Anaheim, as you mentioned, and one here in Boston.
Obviously, the cup was a big deal, but what made playing in Boston
so special for you?
Obviously, you were a big part of the community.
You didn't just move into a close-knit community.
You moved smack dab into the middle of it, not on the outskirts or closer to downtown.
I thought it was a statement like, I'm one of you guys.
I'm here.
I'm here to stay.
But what was the best thing about playing in Boston, and what endeared you the most
to the city?
Cam Neely called me on pre-agency that day because i had like three or four other offers
and cam called me like hey listen i never met you you've never been here but i do know how this city
relates to to tough guys and it's above and beyond and that might have been the understatement of my
career so when i first got there you know the bruins hadn't done very well for a few years
before they missed the playoffs.
And, you know, not just myself, you know, Looch's rookie, it was Looch's rookie year.
We had Andy Ferenc, we had Mark Stewart, Jeremy Reach, you know, Big Z, obviously, even Andrew Alberts. Like, we would lose games and we would just beat the hell out of people if we were losing.
And like, say what you will, Boston fans will love that.
if we were losing and like say what you will boston fans will love that so small part was you know the on ice how we how we came together on the ice and and really showed the passion that
the fans wanted to see that they hadn't seen in a few years um and then as the team grew and became
successful myself and a lot of the guys were very visible in the community we're always at charity
events and we enjoyed doing that it wasn't like in the community. We're always at charity events.
And we enjoyed doing that.
It wasn't like the PR department said,
you have to go to this hospital gala thing.
We need you to do it.
Guys were signing up for it and loved the city,
loved everything that was going on there.
As far as where I lived, Charlestown,
the practice rink used to be in Wilmington,
and I couldn't afford the North End.
That was kind of blind luck. I was like, like we got a place for you in charlestown that you might be able to afford but i was like let's look at it perfect i can get to wilmington on 95 quick and
uh i can get to the garden quick if i need to so that was kind of blind luck that i fell into that
but that couldn't have been a better fit for me either i look like i'm people say i look like i
grew up in Charlestown,
the way I got a ginger beard, my nose has been broken a hundred times.
So that was kind of blind luck, but we embraced that as well.
We loved it.
I think the other thing, too, is I stayed around in the summers.
A lot of guys moved back to their hometown,
and I kind of said, you know, we have to put up with the winters in fucking Boston.
Let's embrace the summers.
Let's get to Fenway.
Let's see what it's really about.
And I fell in love with it,
and I think that Stitty just kind of
paid it back towards me.
Little known fact,
I actually thought Sean Thornton
sang the song Shippin' Up to Boston
until like two years ago.
Exactly.
Well, but I mean,
I think it's just you fit in great here.
Everyone I know loves you.
Grinnelli actually was telling me you're like his fucking idol over here.
Yeah, Sean.
Listen to this move.
Listen to this fucking move by Grinnelli.
Listen, I consider myself a locker room guy.
I like to get a couple laughs out of the guy before the game.
So one, I wore 22 because of you.
Thorny.
Big Thornton guy.
Appreciate it.
Yeah, and I also taped my my and if you saw me and
i told you this i'm like 150 pounds soaking wet yeah soaking wet five foot nothing a hundred and
nothing so so i would take my wrist before every single game and then just you know you know because
i was you know get a couple laughs out of the guys because they know i wouldn't drop the mitts
and then finally one game the captain came in and was just like,
Cornell, cut the fucking shit.
Untape your wrist right now.
This isn't a fucking joke.
Everyone knows you're not going to drop your gloves.
And I'm like, all right, sorry.
My bad.
So we owe that to you.
All right, well, Thorny, listen, man.
It was kind of like getting a Moby Dick on.
We finally landed you on the boat.
A white whale.
Yeah, sorry I've been busy the last two weeks.
I apologize. No, no apology
necessary, man. You got a big swinging
dick job down there in Florida now. You got
to tend to.
They're awesome to me, too, here. They're really fucking
awesome to me, so I'm really happy to be here, to be completely
honest. Not taking anything away from Boston, but this organization
has been balled out for me the whole time.
A quick last question
from me. Best road city to go out in? Give me the whole time. A quick last question for me.
Best road city to go out in?
Give me your number one.
Oh, number one.
God, it's tough.
I mean, I'm from Toronto. I'm a Chicago guy.
I'm a Chicago guy.
I don't know if you stand where you stand.
I was just going to say,
I'm going to give you my top three.
It would be Toronto, Chicago, New York.
Ding, ding, ding!
I'm not sure if they're in that order either.
I mean, it depends on the time of year.
Yeah, I think I might be going to the draft next week, and it's in Chicago, so I'm looking sure if they're in that order either. I mean, it depends on the time of year. Yeah, I think I might be going to the draft next week,
and it's in Chicago, so I'm looking forward to it.
All right.
We appreciate it so much, buddy.
When you're back in Boston, please give me a call.
I'd love to swing, hit the links with you.
So good luck in Florida, and thanks again for coming on.
Whether you're building a football team, basketball team,
hockey team, or baseball team,
you know the biggest part of it is building a strong roster.
Great coaches know they have to go get the right players,
put them in the right spots to have the best team possible.
Great talent isn't always easy to find.
That's why you go to ziprecruiter.com.
You can't find the best candidates by posting your job on just one site.
You need to post on all the top job sites,
and you can do
that with ZipRecruiter.com. You can post to 100 different job sites with just one click,
and then with the powerful technology, you can match up the right candidate for the position
you're all seeking to fill. It allows you to put the best team possible on the field.
ZipRecruiter is different. Unlike other sites, ZipRecruiter doesn't depend on candidates finding
you. It finds them for you. Over 80 of jobs on ZipRecruiter get a qualified candidate in just
24 hours. There's no emails, no calls, no jumping around. Just simply screen, rate, and manage all
the candidates on one place at ZipRecruiter.com. Find out today why it's been used by businesses
of all sizes nationwide. And right now, my listeners can start forming their own winning team
on ZipRecruiter for free.
Just go to ZipRecruiter.com slash chicklets.
Again, that's ZipRecruiter.com slash chicklets.
Try it free today at ZipRecruiter.com slash chicklets.
And once again, a huge thanks to our buddy, Sean Thornton.
We were hoping to get him back here in Boston,
but he's making his life down in Florida,
and best of luck to him.
Looks like he's found quite the challenge for himself.
Working for the dropkick, Murphy.
Like we were talking about,
obviously known for his pugilistic skills, but...
I know, I feel bad I didn't mention during that interview.
Skating with Authority in the lockout and in the summers
before I would go to camp,
we'd skate with the Bruins guys.
He was sneaky, really, really skilled.
His hands were nasty.
We should try to actually get the video up of the goal
we were talking about.
Backhand toe drag shelf when he was on the Bruins.
So he would constantly do stuff that you'd be like,
holy shit, Thority can actually really play too.
So I wish I had reminded him
that he was a lot better
player than I think people, you know, think he was
just thinking about his reputation as being, you know,
the tough guy in the room. Yeah, he had a couple
of sweet goals here in Boston.
Actually, I gotta dig another locker
room picture out from when the Bruins
won it in 2011. My one regret that night
is I didn't get a picture with me and Bergeron.
Like, I just totally forgot.
That would be the one guy I would have wanted to take a picture with.
I actually talked to him for a couple minutes in there, like, just congratulating him, whatever.
And I just didn't think of it.
But I got to dig it up.
I do want to make a thought, and it's like a close-up.
And, like, we're both holding up our number ones.
It's a classic picture.
But the best part is, funny how you made the dropkick Murphy joke.
He's the guy who took the picture.
Ken Casey there. Yeah, yeah, the boy. Because I was standing there. I's joke he's the guy who took the pitch Ken Casey did yeah yeah the boy I was
standing there I don't know him from a hole in the wall but I was like
I was like in the long was like hey Kenny can you
take a picture of us he kind of just looked at me like I had
seven heads but he ended up taking it so
all right we got a weekly
segment all right Hamilton hopefully we got some
doozies from the listeners Grinnelly
questions or what we got some good ones
so Anthony asks how crazy
does the end of the season trip get for some guys?
And when does the off season training start?
Check the Vegas,
Vegas arrest report for that.
No,
I mean,
especially like when,
when we played real late into the year,
that when,
when I lost in the cup finals,
like you,
you then,
I mean,
you're not doing anything for two weeks.
And when you're a young single guy, you're just ripping it up.
You're ripping it up in the city you play in.
Although I want to ask the younger guys now, it might be different because these guys are
so weary of people finding out.
Maybe they just get out of town and party.
But I still think it's like the Marshawn Sagan post-Stanley Cup, especially when you win
the Cup.
These guys in Pittsburgh, Gensel, Dumoulin, you've got to think they're ripping it up.
We've had a few guests that have had to postpone coming on with us because they're in Vegas,
the young guys.
It's always the younger guys.
And then you go out and then you go to Vegas, you meet up with your other buddies that you're
friends with that you don't necessarily on the same team with, your buddies from home,
you get home, you're partying then.
And then you really start you kind of like have
to get back into it at some point i mean i remember always thinking like all right june 1st i'll i'll
party till june 1st and then i'll start training training hard maybe that was a little too long
looking back yeah july but i still would only i do all like thursday friday saturday night like
like occasionally that's not that bad and then like you you know you ride the bike couple days
but you wouldn't be like like, training big time.
But now I'm wondering, maybe these new hockey nerds that just love,
these kids just work out nonstop, shoot pucks all day.
Maybe they don't even take, like, full-blown little bender trips postseason.
Maybe they have, like, Quidditch games like the fucking Millennials.
No, they're still hockey players.
They still get at it.
Vegas, honestly, Vegas does seem to be like the go-to team trip.
You go to Vegas and you
got some money, I'm not going to lie.
You go to these pool parties. You don't need money to go
to Vegas. You can fake it.
You have money in Vegas, you live
a way different life than going to Vegas without money.
The pool parties
I haven't gone.
You got to go and do it right.
Sometimes that takes a bunch of dudes going together.
But those pool parties and you go in, nice dinner, then go to the clubs,
I mean, that's living straight up.
But I think that a lot of guys now probably aren't as aggressive in that whole scene.
But I'm sure there's some still old school beauties that really like ripping it up postseason.
Yeah, I would think Vegas is a good year-end trip.
It's a good spot, but one of those places that you've been a million times.
I don't know.
You've got to get out there, Grinnelli.
But it's a fun spot.
I wonder if they'll mix it up, though, if another team, another spot will become like the Goats.
Two or three nights in Vegas, though, is like the max, right?
Exactly.
All right, so Steve Weddle asked, what would you boys do for your day with the Cup?
All right, Hamilton.
Wow.
Great one.
Did we have this one before?
We haven't.
Oh, wow.
I must have deja vu.
You got to bring it somewhere where, like, I always thought,
you have to bring it somewhere where, like, a bunch of people from your hometown.
Like, you want to have a party at night.
That's, like, ideally.
But during the day, I always thought,
I grew up in Sichuan.
Now, I never really was there that often,
but it still would have been cool to bring it down there,
have a huge street hockey tournament,
raise some money for something,
get pictures.
That would always be really cool to me.
And then at night, just have a party.
Married guys, they just have everyone at their house
or they rent somewhere else.
Single guys,
bring it to like the Seaport
in Boston or something.
Imagine Dumoulin.
If Dumoulin brought it to Lincoln,
oh my God.
Greatest bar.
Oh, Jesus.
So yeah,
that's just a little Boston love
for some local bars.
But for me,
it would just be like
do something with the town
and then just party with it at night.
You can't get really
that much more creative with it,
I don't think.
Well, Niedermeyer went
to the top of the mountain.
You ever seen the picture?
Yeah, that's all.
That's a sick pic.
That's a sick pic, Columbia, yeah.
But what would you do?
I would,
I'd probably rent out
like the local nights
and invite everyone
from the town,
you know,
invite everyone to come down.
Exactly.
Or if there's a big field
to go to,
just somewhere big
where people can show.
And people want pictures.
That's all you really want.
Exactly.
That, and then probably,
you know,
stop at a kid's hospital in town or something.
You know what I mean?
I'm a big cereal guy.
I would have crushed some cereal out of it, like Reese's Puffs or Fruity Pebbles or something.
That would have got dummied out of there.
And then, yeah, at nighttime.
At night, you just booze out of it.
Yeah.
I don't know.
Maybe I'd try to, I mean, being a Chucktown kid, maybe try to get a picture, bring it
on the Constitution or something. That'd be pretty cool, you know, being a Chucktown kid, maybe try to get a picture, bring it on the Constitution or something.
That'd be pretty cool, you know?
Fair choice.
Okay, you'd probably love that.
Or just a nautical Navy guy, perhaps.
Maybe just a history.
I was down, the America's Cup was, we're in Bermuda.
Not a bad scene.
Sailing scene?
I didn't know shit about sailing.
I hate sailing.
I took lessons when I was little, I remember.
Hey, you scratched my ankle.
Yeah, exactly. I was like, what's the Hey, you scratched my ankle. Yeah, exactly.
I was like, what's the kid's name in that movie?
Caddyshack?
Yeah, Spalding.
Spalding.
Spalding, take your foot off the boat.
But, hey, not a bad scene.
Talking about rockets.
You got rockets down there looking at America's Cup.
Those boats are going like 50 miles an hour.
It's fucking crazy.
I want a hamburger.
No, I want a cheeseburger.
You'll get nothing like it.
I want a French. You'll get
nothing in like it. So I think
I would, if I got the opportunity. Yeah, we'll be yours.
I think I would take it on a nice boat ride around
the harbor. No, you'd take it to like the Golden Banana
on Route 1. I was going to plug the family bar real
quick and say I'd take it to the family bar, but
I think I would take it on a boat ride. Brunelli would have
a boat ride. It'd be sick. Maybe like a Minnesota
Vikings like boat ride with the cup. That'd be sweet.
Brunelli would have a stripper pole installed on the top of it.
You have to take it to the strip club.
Centerfold.
All right, so Zach asks, in honor of Pittsburgh winning the cup,
what was your favorite bar in Pittsburgh, Whitney?
All right, Hamilton.
Oh, man.
We used to always go, the first year or two, we'd go to Diesel.
It was like a club on Carson Street. And the owner was the man.
I can't remember his name.
Two brothers, I think.
And we would get after it.
But then later on, we started going to Mario's right across the street.
No relation to Mario.
Maybe it was named after him.
But that place had Penguin's jersey on the wall, Steeler stuff.
So we'd be rocking it there, a couple floors there.
Carson Street's where it's at in Pittsburgh.
Secret undercover fun
city like a lot to do good restaurants and people get after it yeah you can still smoke in in um in
the bars there right in pittsburgh i don't think you can anywhere now you could you could like
later than most places but if any city still have that i don't think so is it philly i don't know
if you're a city that you could still smoke in the bar, you're a piece of shit city.
Yeah, you definitely die on the clock.
So if Pittsburgh has that, you suck, Pittsburgh.
Take it back.
They don't love you.
I mean, I've been at Pittsburgh, I think, twice.
Obviously, the night, the 08 Cup.
But the thing is, I got dropped off at the arena and I partied.
I didn't even go to a bar when I was there.
But I did go to the Primanti Brothers for a sandwich with french fries on it and a beer with
my buddy Tim
who gave me
the Pittsburgh hospitality.
Yeah, that's the
Pittsburgh sandwich.
I wasn't a big fan
because there was
like coleslaw on it, right?
No, it was french fries.
French fries, french fries.
I love french fries.
I enjoyed it,
but unfortunately
I didn't even get
to really pie.
The only beers I drank
were in the Red Wings
locker room
before I was on ceremony.
No, the only beers
you drank were
my tears that night.
Give me another shot of Whitney tears.
All right, that's where we're at. That's it.
That's it for All Right Hamilton's. All Right Hamilton
is brought to you by us, us three.
We're here to really let you guys know how bad
you need some Barstool Sports
Spittin' Chicklet gear. You know, you want to let us
know your gas and beers and choconuts with a nice
little tank top Or get your team
Spitting Chiclets logo
You know we got tons of colors
You got to go to
Barstoolsports.com
Slash Chiclets
It's Barstoolsports.com
Slash Chiclets
To get your t-shirts
I know you're rocking one
Right now alright
Absolutely
I got all different colors
I tell you
I know the red, white
And blue colors
Typically ranges
Are Canadians
But July 4th
Around the corner
I rocked that one
That's the one I have.
No better time to be sporting.
It kind of looks like a little mustache, too, and the teeth.
Yeah, a little bit of a mustache.
It's like a wand in a spit and chip.
And even to show the dedication of our listeners, the guys we met down in Edmonton, big Whitney fans.
In Nashville.
Well, yeah, they were from Edmonton.
We met them in Nashville.
They had the orange shirt.
We didn't have Edmonton colors But they were so dedicated to the orange
They bought Flyers colors to support the squad
Also Pirates
Penguins fans if you're out there
We got black and gold
I know they're Bruins colors but they work for both
So if you want to show the spirit
Buy a t-shirt
We added Nashville gold for the Stanley Cup
I think we still got some of those left
So go to basketballsports.com
Get all your chicklets gear.
Support the pod.
Tag tops for the summer.
Support the squad.
What do you think about...
All right, so we're going to try to get some guys to come in here for interviews.
I know we talked to a couple of buddies of mine that we can kind of...
We hate dropping names because then when they disappear...
Because then when they big time us, we don't want to look like peasants.
Yeah, exactly.
No, we do got a pretty good stable of guys over the summer.
We're still working on a summer schedule.
Obviously, there's not as much to talk about in the summertime.
We're going to get to figure out the Vegas roster pretty soon here, though.
We have the Vegas draft coming up, free agency coming, the actual draft.
Tons of stuff coming up to discuss in the next several weeks.
Obviously, July, August, things quiet down.
That's when we're going to hopefully have some guys in studio.
Wink, wink, my living room.
I know you mentioned Keith D'Ando.
He's a guy we should have no problem getting in.
But no names, no names.
Yeah, but no names other than him.
But, no, we do got a bunch of guys, some cup winners on here.
We're looking at the list that ideally we're going to have these guys over the summer.
So if you have any requests, any interviews you think we should try to nab,
by all means, let us know.
Any guys you want to hear, we would love to have them on too.
And I think that this is like beach season for hockey guys,
beach and lake season.
Yeah.
We should probably get some.
We'll be getting some videos.
You know, like hockey guys up at the lake in Canada
shooting pucks to like boats riding by.
We'll get some Smitten Chicklets shout outs in those videos, I think.
Me too.
With like, you know,
the guys always get the shirt off,
tarp off,
ripping wristers into the lake
with like crushing beers after.
Let's get some of those
in videos with Spittin' Chicklets
hollerouts at.
I'll tell you.
What's the word?
Shoutouts.
I am hollerouts at.
I am shoutouts.
One thing I haven't,
obviously I've done cottages
up in lake houses
in Vermont and New Hampshire
and Maine and shit.
I'm a lake guy.
I love,
no sharks.
Love, I'm not really concerned with that. That's why i don't go in the ocean i'm really i'm not just
sharks i'm petrified everything me too so but lakes there's no worry it's just you fucking
jump in the lake you're not worrying about a jellyfish never heard of a sturgeon have you
dude like lake warner pisaki oh no i've always wanted like the can Canadian lakes. You know, you see Bob McKenzie tweets around this time.
All the journalists, they go up.
The Muskokas.
I need to go up there.
I want to go to one of those lakes.
And I asked Marek, I'm like, is the water, do you guys swim in there or is it too cold?
Because I know some of the lakes here are cold in the summer.
He's like, oh, yeah, because that's the hangover cure.
You just jump in the frozen, freezing water.
The big blue pill.
What's that?
The lake, what is it The Lake of the Woods?
The one that straddles
Minnesota and Canada?
Lake of the Woods, I think.
Yeah, that's way up
northern Canada.
There's so many like...
Northern Minnesota, sorry.
So many of these joints do it.
I would love to get,
obviously not fishing
for an invite.
I can't swing at this summer,
but one of these summers,
I want to get up to one
of these Canadian cottages
and get at it with these guys.
Yeah, maybe some Muskoka boys
that film the lake videos we're talking about can invite us up there.
Some golf courses up there, too.
Speaking of that, any action on the U.S. Open for you guys?
Fowler.
You got Fowler?
Give me Fowler.
So as we record, he's 6-under through 11.
Holy shit, Grinnelly, will you go to money for him to win?
Oh, money for him to win, yeah.
I didn't do anything.
I usually throw a little around.
Your Ernie Elsbeth Is the one I always think of
Your golf
And then
What was the last
The last
Fucking
Big tournament
Sergio
He was second
You could have got him
60, 80 to 1
I think my buddy
Got him at 45
Yeah I mean
Every major
I look and I'm like
There's someone on here
Who's value
Is going to win
I mean there's so many
30, 40, 50 to 1s
And you just got to pick the right guy.
Honestly, I didn't even do anything this time.
Yeah, I love betting golf.
I think it's one of the funnest things to bet.
I'm a daily matchup guy, so daily matchups go three or four of those.
And then I picked Rory to be the top Irishman.
I got Adam Scott in the top five.
I like that one.
I got Rom to win.
Rom's just terrible right now, so that one's already looking like a loss.
But great weekend to watch him golf if you are a golf fan.
Absolutely.
And that's Talking Golf on Spotify.
And that was Talking Golf on Father's Day, too.
Actually, next year.
Yeah, Happy Father's Day.
I don't know if my dad's ever listened, but what a guy.
So if you do listen, Happy Father's Day, Dad.
Big Dan.
Happy Father's Day, Dad. Dad, if somebody teaches you the internet in the next do listen, happy Father's Day, Dad. Big Dan. Happy Father's Day, Dad.
Dad, if somebody teaches you the internet in the next few days,
happy Father's Day.
No, but all right.
That's going to wrap it up for this week.
Fun episode.
Again, thanks.
Big thanks to Sean Thornton for coming on the show.
He's always a pleasure.
Hope we get him back.
Yep, Thornton's the man.
And congrats to the Penguins.
I mean, back to back, that's no joke.
Yeah, absolutely, man.
It's quite a feat.
They tied the Oilers.
I forgot to say. They tied the Oilers. I forgot to say.
They tied the Oilers with their fifth Stanley Cup as most Stanley Cups for a non-original six team.
No shit, huh?
So Penguins and the Oilers have five each, and the original sixes have, I think, all more than that.
But that's pretty impressive.
Yeah, it is very impressive stuff.
And actually, well, Sid's got three now.
He's got one more than Mario, one more than Pabio.
That third one's like, it's huge. It is huge. one's like it's huge it is huge he's not even 30 yet yeah he's not even 30 and crazy
part he's been to four cups yeah he's still right he turns 30 this summer yeah we're looking at if
he has like five or six more years like this all of a sudden he's i mean right now it's kind of
already turned into in any order you want gretzkyky or Lemieux. Like, Crosby's somewhat in that
top five now, I would say, and who knows
where he could end up. Yeah, and also
too, you know, on the West, you've got
Connor McDavid, I mean, coming
up, you know, obviously the next great
one, we'd love to see those two go head-to-head
in the Cup at some point, but again,
great year, great season. Again,
congrats to the Penguins, back-to-back, a tough
thing to do, they went out and did it.
Last thing, too, I wanted to say thank you
because so many people have actually come up lately
and been letting me know, hey, listen to the podcast.
I actually had a kid on the beach down in Bermuda come up to me,
literally right when I got there.
He's like, hey, are you Ryan Whitney?
Are you just spitting chiclets?
I'm like, yeah, what's up?
He's like, hey, I'm a big fan.
I was like, are you fucking kidding me?
He's from Buffalo
I don't remember his name
But I had a beer with him
How do you think I feel
I've never gotten noticed
In my life
And we were in Tennessee
And people were coming up to me
Asking me for a picture
That's
Closed my mind
I just want to say
You know
Every time somebody tells me
That they listen
It's like fucking
I get such a kick out of it
Because we have a good time doing it
So thank you to you
It is
And have a fucking great weekend
Actually how about
that Rocket Down one
we were in Tennessee
when she came over
and she's like,
can I take a picture with you?
And I was like,
I thought you were like,
me?
You got the wrong person.
She's like, no.
You're like, yeah,
I'll take the picture for you.
Who is it with?
She's like, you on Instagram?
He's like, what's Instagram?
He's like, beast for life forever.
She goes,
I go, you on Twitter?
She goes, no Instagram.
I goes, well, I am too now.
All right, well, thank you so much? She goes, no Instagram. I go, well, I am too now. All right,
well,
thank you so much
and have a great one.
Absolutely.
Peace.
Peace.
Peace. A whole lot of good things happening on the Podcast One Forbes network. Forbes U30 is a show about young innovators, disruptors, and entrepreneurs.
Like the minimalists Joshua and Ryan.
Electropop artists like Lights.
CBS search party star Charles Rogers.
The women of YouTube's Clever TV.
Plus many more.
And the Forbes interview is a deep dive into the minds of the folks who could be on the cover of the magazine.
Like Tinder founder Sean Rad.
Hero pilot Captain Sully Sullenberg.
Moneyball author Michael Lewis.
Pop star Jason Derulo.
And the list goes on and on.
