Hey, Spittin' Chicklets listeners, you can find every episode on Apple Podcasts,
Spotify, or YouTube. Prime members can listen ad-free on Amazon Music.
Hello, everybody.
Welcome to episode 356 of Spittin' Chicklets,
presented by Pink Whitney from our friends at New Amsterdam Vodka
here in the Barstool Sports Podcast family.
What's up, everybody?
The NHL has finally started.
We are underway.
Boys are down to NYC.
Not raising too much hell this weekend.
We'll get to that in a minute.
But let's say hi to them first.
Producer Mikey Grinelli, how are you doing? Good to see hell this weekend. We'll get to that in a minute. But let's say hi to them first. Producer Mikey Grinelli, how you doing?
Good to see you this weekend.
It was both an honor and a pleasure to spend my weekend with you guys.
Not only here in New York City, but at the Barstool Sportsbook House,
gambling on some sports with Merle's and Teddy Purcell as well.
Ate some great dinner, so I had a blast.
It was great seeing you guys.
How buckled was Merle's the entire weekend?
I'm not hearing him about me anymore.
He gets crippled.
Like, R.A. is loving having this guy on the road.
Merle's by late night, yeah, he was feeling it.
Holy shit.
Can't win a bet just getting buckled off our booze money.
One of the funniest moments of the weekend.
I'm sorry, quickly, R.A., to hop in here.
What's up, guys?
Whit here.
moments of the weekend. I'm sorry, quickly already to hop in here. What's up, guys? Whit here.
Is
Merle has, for, I'm gonna
say, 25 years
been talking about losing in the
national championship when he was
17 years old in the final,
this final game.
He's telling the story again,
which is hilarious. I love when you
tell me stories. Headlocks, he has
to tell it to you and gomer gets to
dinner gomer's not at dinner for 60 seconds as merles is telling this story gomer goes
what are you talking about bro i lost in the finals at that tournament
merle's like what he's like you lost in the semi-finals merley's been going on and on and
on and on and on for years telling this story.
He had no idea it was the semis.
He thought it was the finals.
By the way, to tell a story this many times in a game you lost,
it's even better that it's the semis.
Yeah, a little extra salt and pepper on the steak every time you tell it,
and all of a sudden you won the championship, right?
Maybe I didn't even win Quebec.
And that just goes to show all those stories that Scotty Gomez,
in which he spider webs onto during our podcast,
because he can't still focus on just one of them,
but he remembers all of them.
He's got a memory like a fucking elephant.
He remembers all this shit that happened when he played.
That's why we love hanging out with him and, of course, have him on the pod.
He's going to be like the new Star Wars.
He's going to have the trilogy and then what was it, the prequel how did it all go down all right you'll know the original
trilogy the prequels and then the i guess the sequels that's gonna be gomez's uh spit and
chiclets career and and we got him and teddy in a fucking sandbagger folks did we have a good time
oh my goodness yeah that another sandbagger in the in the shoot so to speak uh and just to point
out merles you know he enjoyed a lot of his cocktails later in the nightbag in the shoot, so to speak. And just to point out, Merle's, you know,
he enjoyed a lot of his cocktails later in the night.
Earlier in the night, he was gambling very responsibly.
Yeah, he was in bed.
Yeah, so.
And then he was buckled.
And even saying that about Merle's, dude,
like, he might be the happiest, like, drunk guy I know.
Like, I mean.
I mean, I haven't hung on to a shitload as much as you guys, but.
What do you mean?
I got a scrap in the back alley with him.
I mean, I've never seen any, like, sour moods or, like, turn. You know, like, I've never seen anything to leave me believe much as you guys but what do you mean i got a scrap in the back alley with him i mean i've
never seen any like like sour moods or like turn you know like i've never seen anything to leave
me believe he's an asshole no no no no he's he's fucking harmless he's such a good human but i tell
you what he can't win a pick right now uh no he so he can't win week i can't win i'm the mush i we
we went there first of all we went to detroit we were in the casino and sports betting
and i got crushed like 15 atm trips later we weren't even there 24 hours is you know it's
just impossible to do what i did in detroit then we get to this weekend and i was over nine in the
opening two nights of the nhl so he's getting killed but now he's running up the score in the khl so he's crushing
now he's on a khl heater right now we suck yeah that's because he's probably paying the refs he's
so desperate he's he's got the venro across out the creek and off oh he's actually the the the
original dealer of russian gas over there so he can just completely buy everyone out hey great c and teddy too holy
shit this guy man he is just so funny so fun to hang around with um he's he's amazing dude
he i i played him in golf and i took him for some money all of a sudden he's like dude i'm allergic
to money i don't care we yeah you couldn't tell the second part of that story because it ruins
some stuff but i yeah yeah i remember when he dropped the line where he's like, yeah, it's all good.
I'm allergic to money.
I think it was when he dunked one in the water during the sandbagger.
Not to give one of the holes away.
But Teddy was out of it.
It's an overall great, great experience.
And the best part was it began watching UBIS opening night, TNT.
Okay, so ESPN was on the Tuesday, and then we got the Wednesday.
So ESPN opened it up with the biggest dumpster fire of a game.
I think, what's their name,
Tampa's still sweating champagne out of their pores right now
in celebration in that depleted Pittsburgh lineup.
No Gensel, no Crosby, no Malkin, your three best forwards,
and they go there and they fucking bend them over, no spit, no loop no Malkin. Your three best forwards. And they go there
and they fucking bend them over. No spit, no loop,
sandpaper finish. Alright, I gotta chuck it back over to you
because we've already hopped into hockey somehow.
But back over to you.
Yeah, we got a big story to get to. First off,
pucks are back. Baseball playoffs
are in full swing. Football's been
in full swing for a while. That means you need to
hit up your local watering hole right now
and make sure to order some Pink Whitney. We enjoyed
quite a few of them this weekend.
So hopefully you folks are doing the same.
Again, from the pregame to the after
party, enjoy some Pink Whitney.
Also, yeah, this one just came over the wire.
I actually write this in pen after I
printed out the outline. Evander Cain
suspended 21 games
without pay for apparently forfeiting his COVID vaccination form there.
Basically, the statement from the league
didn't say that specifically,
but that's what the early reports were.
Obviously, that's what it was.
21 games suspended without pay.
He can't come back until November 30th.
2 million, I think it's going to cost him.
It should be worth noting as well,
in the same statement,
the NHL did say that claims made by his wife in their divorce filings
were unsubstantiated.
So she had made some other ugly claims about him.
The NHL found no veracity to those.
So we want to pass that along as well.
We don't want to sue the guy too bad.
But 21-game suspension for faking a fucking COVID vaccine
has got to be one of the dumbest suspensions in NHL history, no?
Yeah, I mean, unless you're inflicting pain on, on, on, on somebody else,
I mean, to that level of stupidity, but yeah, when I'm,
I'm throwing it over to you, buddy.
Oh, it's just, you know what though?
This guy's in the news so often that he's just,
he just seems to be like troubled a little bit, man. Like I,
obviously there's how many instances, how many different things can you do where it's like, all right, there's some there's some issues here in terms of, I don't know, like putting yourself surrounding yourself with people that you can trust and will tell you the right and wrong thing to do.
And I just it's amazing to see.
to do. And I just, it's amazing to see, like, first of all, it's,
I think there's four unvaccinated players, so you can be unvaccinated and play in the NHL right now.
So the fact he made it up is even dumber because you could have just gone to
camp without being vaccinated. So you look at it in a sense, like, dude,
this kid had to file for bankruptcy and now he's losing what? 2 million.
Yeah. So it just like, you know what i'm saying like there's just there's been so many different things that have happened where
you just i'm just hoping that he can get his life straightened out figured out i don't know him
personally so so we might have really said anything but when you said he could have went to camp uh
without it are are you saying that like obviously there might be other situations in the league
where that did happen?
Could he have, like, do they come to an agreement
where he's still going to get paid
if he's unwilling to get vaccinated?
Or at that point, do they suspend your salary?
Like, I'm just asking a question.
Well, no, isn't Bertuzzi unvaccinated?
Bertuzzi's not, and they said he won't get paid
for those games that he will miss.
Just the day of games. Just that day, I think. I won't get paid for those games that he will miss. Okay.
Just the day of games.
Okay. Just that day, I think.
I didn't know, considering he was playing in California, how strict it, in fact, was.
We're talking about Michigan.
I don't know if it's even the same.
I have not kept up on all the rules, but ultimately a very dumb fucking decision.
And as you said, man, it's just like, you just like, you know, I've met the guy a couple times
and those have never been my experiences of like all this like, you know,
ridiculousness.
Like, you know, there's obviously some chaos there.
And I guess you just really hope that eventually like somebody just figures it
out and they get their, you know, they get back on the right path.
And, you know, if this is the latest, it sucks.
He shouldn't have done it.
You know, you hope this is when things, it sucks. He shouldn't have done it.
You hope this is when things maybe start clicking and you start learning that there are rules
and there are consequences to breaking them.
And just, I don't know.
I'm not trying to preach to the choir here, guys.
We've all made our mistakes, but holy fuck.
I mean, this has got to be a record anyway.
Also, too, including this season, four more years at 7 million per.
He's got a modified no-trade clause.
I can't imagine too many teams are going to be lining up for him.
I don't know what his buyout status is, but, I mean, he's not with the team now.
I don't know if he's going to be with them when the suspension's up.
It's just, I don't know, a clusterfuck right now.
What's up, Whit?
I don't  I want to end it with just a quick reminder that this kid is so good, too,
when he's playing.
He's tough, too.
He's tough.
Legit powerful.
He has all the tools.
That's why.
Not just because of that.
That's obviously why he's getting paid,
and you want him to be that great player he is.
But more than anything,
you just want him to get his life figured out a little bit.
So good luck to him, and it just sucks.
You lose that much money when you already have financial problems.
Yeah, yeah, exactly.
It's a bit of a Buzz Killington subject to start us off.
How do we lighten it up here?
How do we get it out of the way?
Buzz Killington me, I'm not going to lie, bro.
Yeah, it's just that.
I'm not Buzz Killington one bit after talking about that.
Oh, okay.
Yeah.
Well, that's good.
Quarter season suspension is, you know, regardless of who and what for,
that's fucking big news.
But all right, boys, let's get to the fun stuff.
Opened a night, Tuesday night, had a pair of games,
Tampa Bay and Pittsburgh are the early one,
Seattle and Vegas for the nightcap.
First night back on ESPN.
I enjoyed the telecast very much, but Tampa raised that banner,
then went out and laid an egg and got spanked by Pittsburgh.
That was a fucking hot steaming pile of dog shit.
That's what that was.
That was partying on the boat parade up until puck drop.
It probably didn't sober up until about the second fucking period, Witt.
That was brutal.
And all the credit to Pittsburgh.
I fucking had them missing playoffs.
They're making me look like an idiot already.
And I think you convinced me. welcome aboard games though three games but i
always bring my friends i wouldn't have bet against crosby getting in the playoffs and then you must
have you got into my brain which the fact i allowed that makes you want to puke but pittsburgh's
buzzing out of the gates and tampa let's let's be real after you raise the banner and after you
celebrate a night like that like there's not much left in the tank.
We got 82 games before we get to try to do that again.
These guys know.
I mean, that wasn't a shocker.
I'm not going to say it.
I'm not going to lie.
It was not a shocker.
I will say, though, and we're not going to get to it right now,
they made it up to hockey fans with that next game against Detroit.
That was fucking wild that was probably
the most entertaining game of the year so far three goal comeback but we're not going to hop
into that yet um a cool a cool scene Boyle on the day he signs his contract RA ends up scoring after
spending a full year out of the league like I don't know great story uh like you said didn't
play last year he went to the world championships the C, and apparently that raised his stock amongst some GMs or whatever,
and Pittsburgh brought him in, signed him,
and then he gets a goal that night.
Awesome story.
Another crazy note, too.
It was the first Pittsburgh opener since 2000
that didn't have Sid, Gino, or Mario in the lineup.
Or Whitney.
Is that a fact?
No.
Think about this for Brianrian boyle you guys he wanted to play so badly last year and it was just a gong show of a season from the gecko and he didn't get a deal and he kept skating i've grown
up you know playing with and against him he's from hingham a couple towns over from me and he was
skating all year with like a junior team continuing to
work out and you know i'm sure there was plenty of times he's on the ice alone and unless you're
crosby being on the ice alone must stink i hated it i would get bored after eight minutes but this
dude he stayed in shape he kept the drive the drive has never left in terms of not wanting to
be done as an nhl player goes to the Worlds, gets named captain. I already mentioned that.
And Mike Sullivan coached this guy with Tortorella and the Rangers 10 years ago,
I think it was.
And, you know, he played at BC.
He tried to play D.
He was going to be a D as a pro. It was just an amazing story from being a high draft pick to playing this long,
not as an overly offensive guy, but always able to chip in and score big goals.
And everyone thought, including me, I said, I think he's probably done.
Not because he couldn't play, but because you're that age
and you need to go a full year without playing.
I mean, it's really hard.
And so I was really happy for him,
and to see him get a goal on that first night
against the former team of his as well was pretty special.
It was awesome.
Biz.
Yeah.
Can we chat about TNT?
Are we not doing this already?
Are we waiting?
Well, I was going to say, we've got to go through the ESPN broadcast. uh biz yeah can we chat about tnt are we not doing this all right are we waiting well i was gonna
we gotta we gotta go through the espn broadcast tough tough to call a game that that's shitty
in the first one when like it's kind of out of reach and not as entertaining as you hope they
did an incredible job of making an entertaining broadcast and then we end up getting the late
game which i don't know whom how many people took their acid strips before they painted the ice with
an octopus and then shot it with lasers that was
ridiculous it was crazy if i was at that game oh my god you would have been on acid buzzing seeing
that we gotta go to we gotta go to a game we gotta go to one yeah we gotta go to a regular
season game absolutely um yeah seattle they were losing three not and i thought that a valiant
comeback they tied it up three three and then we got one of these uh these goals paul
they're not it's not a distinct motion but you're allowed to redirect it similar to a soccer player
like what's the difference between straight on kicking it and redirecting it with your foot it's
the same thing you you're aiming it towards the net i don't understand why they allow one so some
people saw the forward motion which okay from one angle and that's the only one i could find online
some people had seen the angle from inside the net looking out and once they saw it at that angle
they were like hey like i'm way more convinced than i was seeing it from the other angle
he does move his foot forward but what he's doing is he's angling his boot so if his boot if it does
hit his boot on the side of the skate, it's going to redirect forward.
So the motion, yes, as a fan, you're thinking that's a kicking motion.
I think that's 100 redirection.
That's why I think the league called it that way.
And keep in mind, it hits the back of his tuck on the side.
So all he's doing is repositioning his skate for it to ricochet off of his skate.
Listen, is that one of those ones that it to ricochet off of his skate.
Listen, is that one of those ones that it looks 50-50 from that angle?
100. But a lot of the people commenting online about it have never been in a situation
where they've got to rearrange their foot like that in order to hit it.
I guess it doesn't make sense if you've never experienced it.
I don't know how the fuck you feel about it.
I think it should have been a goal.
Another thing before I throw it over i thought was an interesting stat
and when i thought for sure seattle was going to make the comeback is vegas since joining the league
is a 90 0 and 1 when leading threes up by three in a game blown a three goal lead they've never
blown a three goal lead in regulation the fact that they've had 91 three-goal leads?
That's what's even fucking crazier about it.
That's how
What is it, their fourth year?
How many years has Vegas been in the league?
Which is kind of  they've been in the league for five years,
which is kind of cool because then they're going against the other expansion team.
And some people were like, why wouldn't they do that in Seattle to start things off?
It's like, no, because they get now a double banger when they go back to seattle for their home opener it's
going to be like another opening night for the nhl so it's and they're playing against the
fucking border rivals the vancouver canucks so and they're coming off an eastern swing put it on
an absolute t for seattle i i love that That's a perfect explanation in terms of the league
having another big night on TV.
I'm a huge Kraken fan.
And I mean, now we should mention we have on today with us,
Brandon Tanev.
So it's pretty exciting that we got to talk to him.
Crazy story.
Crazy story from this guy, the fact that he's in the NHL.
I'll say that.
Four-year span, the fact he's in the NHL will not make sense to you.
So I'm a big time.
I love Seattle's uniform.
I love Eberle.
I love my boy Ebs.
And I'm rooting for Seattle.
I'm all up on the crackheads and the cracking.
They already have a brawl in the stands in Nashville.
We'll get to that later.
So the funny thing is about watching that team is like they do remind me of Vegas,
where right away they just were so competitive, so quick on the puck.
So they already got  I think they already have three points in their first three games.
They're playing Philly tonight.
So it's already been somewhat of a successful road trip.
You know what I'm saying?
Oh, yeah.
Like at least they got the first win.
They got another point in another game. So that crowd is going to be insane when opening night finally
does arrive and that was chandler stevenson's game winner by the way and there was a similar
goal we get to live to ottawa uh chris tandy had a same type of goal and they allowed that to it
like i said man i i don't know if they're letting you use your foot one way why don't just they
should let guys headbutt p head I want to see fucking headers
oh headers everyone's Shaw Andrew Shaw that should have been a goal why I'm about to tell
you kicking will never be allowed is a is it will prove to you that that heading the puck should be
allowed now kicking wise already you say why don't why don't you allow if you if you're allowed to
angle your foot why can't you kick it in because then
all of a sudden it brings in the scenario where there's a goal mouth scramble and everyone's got
sticks tied up and there's somebody possibly laying on the ground you got two offensive players
fucking kicking like Pele to try to get it in yeah who knows what could happen with skate blade
safety I'm telling you that's the main reason. Exactly why with the headers, headers not going to hurt anyone.
Worst case, you head the puck off somebody's face or you headbutt them.
Not the end of the world.
There's no blade in that.
So I think in terms of headbutting it, no doubt allowed.
By the way, he was above the crossbar.
Was it considered like no goal because it would have been high sticking?
No.
If he'd headbutted it?
No, you can't headbutt it.
You just can't simply headbutt the puck which is which is a crazy rule bring that
in the game let's get gary on do you understand what i'm saying with the kicking ra 100 i guess
i just think of the redirect is almost like a soccer style kick you know like soccer style
kick you use the inset like the inside of your foot that's similar it's similar to a redirect i
guess but and given and given the rule, it was ingrained in my brain
where if you had your hands tied up and stuff,
I would never really try to kick at it.
I might try to get my skate around it as a defenseman
to protect it from not going.
But you just never, yeah, it's ingrained in your brain,
which is a good thing and probably why they don't want to change that
because they don't want the result of guys
fucking kicking their blades everywhere. Good breakdown with dog one other note from
tampa uh shout out to our boy coop he got extended by the lightning uh through the 2025 season so uh
what's he making five sheets a year now thanks for the scoop coop is he making five sheets a year
i don't know they never seem seem to disclose the coaches' salaries.
You've got to  once in a while you might get them,
but you don't get them as consistently as the players. He should be getting like 6 million a year.
He should have got five years 30 million.
For the deals?
I thought they disclosed what coaches make now.
Sometimes they do, but not all the time.
You can't find them, like I said.
Okay, so maybe it was  I heard through the grapevine that he was making five or five.
I think he was making what Quinville was making.
I heard through the grapevine that he was making five or five.
I think he was making what Quimble was making.
And guys, where he came from and what he was doing,
like coaching high school kids to Junior A in the UCHL.
Is it Junior A there?
UCHL.
How do you say it?
USHL.
USHL.
My apologies. You just missed the letter.
It's okay.
I think you were subconsciously thinking East Coast Hockey, the ECHL,
because he was a two-time All-Star there.
Two-time.
But good for Coop, man.
I think he's making that much money.
Good for him.
Best coach in the league right now.
He's on top of his game and buzzing.
He's in the fast track for a possible Hall of Fame.
Not to get ahead of ourselves, but two already.
I mean, he's going to coach for 20 years probably.
There was also some rough news out of Tampa, though. some rough news with kucherov oh yeah back to another long
term ir this this guy doesn't play he doesn't want to play regular season and i say that in
jest right like i'm sure he's so rattled probably can't believe he's got another long-term injury
which it looks and sounds like it could be a couple months. Cooper came out today and said, like, all right, this is not a day-to-day thing.
This is going to be long-term.
I'm not going to give you dates because we want to get everything figured out.
But he grabbed his left groin, I think it was.
Who knows?
Hernia, groin.
But it just sucks that they're going to lose that guy for another two, three months in a time when they actually might get affected not having him with losing some of their depth.
Yeah, it was a pretty innocuous-looking bump that he had with Garnett Hathaway,
and he just skated away in some serious pain.
And, yeah, like you said, Koop said he's out indefinitely,
not a day-to-day thing, and he's on LTIR.
So, of course, that led to a bunch of jokes online.
They can stash him and then go deal for Eichel.
But then someone's like, Eichel needs surgery.
So I'm like, all right, then they can stash Eichel,
and then you bring in Tarasenko and just load up on these guys on fucking lti
i'm gonna bring them back to the play you just went into what's that movie when there's like
four different things inception of of things yeah you lost your inception just to clarify
just to clarify nothing has changed with the cap and the rules correct correct? Not to my knowledge.
Just stash these guys away on the practice squad while they get healthy with their injuries
and then just all of a sudden puck drop in playoffs
and they're an all-star team is how you're saying it.
An all-star team.
And going back to the injury bug kind of thing,
it sucks, man.
You never want to see your league stars ever go down
with injury after injury after injury.
But I mean, Witt, you could attest to it. I could attest to it. I found once I had one big one, league stars ever go down with like injury after injury after injury and but like i mean wit you
could attest to it i could attest to it like i found like once i had one big one it was like a
trickle effect it was like i you know my body just became unbalanced and it was constant injury after
injury and like never feeling great so you just hope he's able to recoup and get back the level
of play for like a consistent period of time i I mean, man, how long did we miss Stamkos for in that three-year stretch,
four-year stretch?
Maybe it's a little longer, but remember how that bad leg break?
He ended up missing the Olympics and stuff like that.
You don't want to see your league stars go down like this,
especially back-to-back serious injuries.
No, not at all.
Not at all.
One last note on opening night.
Ryan Donato scored the first ever goal in Seattle crack in history,
so shout out to the South Shore boy.
Wednesday night was a debut for many people.
TNT, of course, and our pal Paul Biznasty,
made his TV debut and not even stroking him off here.
He did a fantastic job.
I was nervous as shit.
Everybody texted about it, tweeted about it, had some laughs.
Biz, take us through the evening.
How about the pregame workout?
Gretzky's got us doing HGH.
We're on a cycle.
We're going to get back into it.
You looked like you were like  they were walking, dude.
You were midair riding it out.
What speed are you at?
I go  I do a five-minute incline at three all the way to 15 incline.
Okay, so that gets my calves.
Running?
That gets my calves going.
No, it's a three, so you're kind of at like a brisk walk.
So five minutes.
Then I drop it down to a five incline.
I go six and a half, which is, is you know that's a pretty decent pace and then
i'll do like a another full mile at like seven and a half so i get the little warm-up in i feel
like i've ran enough and then after that i start gassing out i think that's maybe the weed lungs
but i'm off the i haven't been smoking as much lately so i'm going to keep trying to get a better
cardiovascular and then i hit the weights so uh talkett does the Terrell Owens, he calls it,
where you do an incline walk.
I'm pulling it back, man.
Because he's got bad knees, right?
Those guys in the old days,
I don't think they got the proper surgeries that we have now.
So he does the incline walk while he has the dumbbells in his hand.
I think he holds tens.
And he does it for like 15 minutes.
He's fucked up.
Doing curls the whole time?
I think you're kind of just semi doing them,
like you're walking with them, right?
It's called the Terrell Owens.
I don't know if there's a video online of how he does it.
That's probably why when you look at Terrell Owens,
you ever see his traps?
They're fucking like...
He's an absolute beast.
He's a mutant.
In college, we had this test at bu we'd
have we'd have five mile run test yeah and then i think my sophomore year my freshman year the
goalie sean fields literally crawled across the finish line then was in like the hospital for the
next three days they gassed the five mile run test we also had this 10 10 test on the treadmill speed 10 elevation 10 yeah and let's see
how long you can go dude i could hum that's when i was an absolute uh clydesdale or they're not
that fast running well it'd be a great running horse all right racehorse i was a racehorse
and i would do i did the five mile run in 29 minutes 40 seconds and then on the 10 10 i
did like two minutes 45 seconds i think that was pretty good holy fuck that's really good dude
i tried doing i tried doing two miles at level five today walking hold my back out
no now we're gonna delay get delayed sandbaggers the lower left lumbar and then the
elbows back i'm a mess it's so disgusting to think about my body when you just let's get young
wayne stuff and how you're never the same i'm just gross i'm just gross and i'm hurt and i'm
injured it's the worst biz sorry to interrupt you no no i'm saying that's a good although the
reeves line oh my god the fucking reeves line, folks. That was hilarious.
When I said he got traded for two first-rounders and one of them was a third.
Whoopsie.
Sick notes, buds. That's okay.
I was just looking for Eddie to stick.
Check the fucking game notes.
I bet you nobody even noticed.
Yes.
But, yeah, and then Wayne, he just puts the garbage bag on,
does the walk on the treadmill, and that's how he gets it done.
But, oh, what a fun first night.
That Liam guy's a machine, how he has to drive the bus
and have that many guys on.
It was fun the night before, too, because we actually
because Charles came in to do the opening night,
which I think was huge in many ways.
I got to pick his brain just on how he, like, entered it
and his thought process through the whole thing.
Because, man, you're trying to help the game out, right?
You're trying to make it entertaining to draw more fans in and grow the thing.
So I was just asking about did he feel the pressure,
and he's like, man, they ain't asking you to talk about boulder control.
He's like, they're asking you to talk about hockey.
You know hockey?
And I'm like, fucking right, Charles.
I do know hockey.
You're right.
And he kind of gave me that little pump up, and I'm like, what do I do know hockey you're right you know and he kind of gave me that little little pump up and I'm like what do you do when a game gets boring he's like I don't
know turn on another game start gambling it like you know he's just like the most honest guy ever
and then and then of course you know Wayne was a fucking I thought he crushed it for especially
for his first time and the amount of pressure that would have been on him with a lot of the
focus with Ovette the Ovechkin as prime too, which ended up being an even more surreal moment that he ends up popping two and two apples and
the post game. And we'll get to that in a little bit, but you know, he, he, he's a treat to be
around. And then when him and when him and Charles sat down and they were riffing and then they
showed Wayne dropping the gloves and Charles turned to him and he's like, you lost to a dude with a perm?
It was Neil Broughton too.
Yeah, it just really calmed everybody down having Charles there.
And I think that that's why it was able to go on to be
it was a great first night, great chemistry.
The guys all really like each other.
We all care about the product.
Liam crushed it.
Ace crushed it.
Talk obviously loosens up Wayne quite a bit,
and he adds a big component to the fact that he's won it as a player.
He's won it as a coach, assistant coach, excuse me.
He's been a head coach.
So it was a great first night.
We had a blast, and I fucking, yeah, it was a good time.
I was flattered.
People thought I was actually, that was me on the treadmill, not Rick talking.
I was going to put that tweet in the frame.
That's what you'd look like if you got on Wayne's stuff.
Now, Biz, I really did think it was great.
I thought the entire broadcast was super entertaining.
Like on Twitter, everyone was loving it.
Gretzky was great because you really didn't know what to expect.
It was cool.
He said, I want Ovi to break this record.
Like he's, you can tell he loves the game.
You two seem to have a great connection going.
He's the most normal guy.
Oh, yeah.
When Taka told you to come up for air in the middle of the story,
that was laugh out loud funny.
Barkley, you guys can give me your opinion.
R.A., he seems to be one of the most universally liked guys in the world.
He's a straight-up comedian.
Like you said, he says and does whatever he wants. was on there i actually asked you in new york is he
gonna do that regularly which would be cool so it was exciting to see a different format in hockey
and to have like these new faces you did a good job it was i really enjoyed it yeah we got i thought
we had a pretty like the storyline the first game was good the game maybe not so good although we'll
get to those storylines and then you know i thought that the game the second game was good. The game maybe not so good, although we'll get to those storylines.
And then I thought the second game was a little bit more competitive.
Chicago didn't come out very strong,
and that's what fucking put them behind the eight ball.
But do you want to talk about the games?
They stink.
Who, the Rangers?
The Blackhawks.
Yeah, they didn't look very good.
And I tell you what, man, that Bo Byram, he is fucking going to be special.
I'm still shocked that they didn't have him in playoffs last year.
I think he's a big game player.
He played at the World Juniors.
I think he thrives off those type of moments.
I don't know why he wasn't playing.
Some people said it was injury-related.
I thought he was healthy at that point.
And, you know, another great first uh first game story we talked about boyle but jack johnson
another guy who you know a bit of a journeyman he's had some you know a little bit of a difficult
pass with the situation he went through with the with the parent stuff and you know just a guy who
ends up being on a contending team and to start to start that way i mean that was a
gorgeous move the way when he went when he ends up going to the backhand so defense not a breakaway
you don't see that every day now one of the one of the things that happened in that game that we
didn't talk about on the broadcast was that landy hit now it i didn't even really notice it over the
course of the game i might have been you, you know, maybe getting a coffee.
I noticed it right away.
It was dirty.
Like, just an unnecessary dirty hit.
No doubt suspendable.
Like, two games, I guess that's probably standard.
I would have said two to three.
But a guy's on his knees, and you drive him into the boards like that,
he's out of the play, dude.
He's eliminated.
And so that definitely was a play you don't want to see.
Yeah, I mean, Landy's an intense guy, man.
He plays on the edge.
That's what you get, man.
And you kind of reap what you sow.
I mean, you could talk about Caudry, too,
who had to actually pay the piper in game two
when they played St. Louis after that game.
I love Braden Shen.
That guy.
Yeah, he's a gamer.
Talk about could play on any single team, can score fights, does it all, really.
And, you know, that hit on Falk was a joke.
What did he get, eight games for it?
And, you know, seven seconds into the first game of the year, boom, he gets it.
So he answered the bell.
Respect to that.
But, yeah, the Blues biz, the first game, the Binnington,nington whoo you gotta be happy if you're a
st louis fan you only got one game in perron is a freak yeah perron perron by the way was sneaky
like 13th in the league in scoring last year he's nasty and he has this connection with ryan o'reilly
so blues looking nice one game in yeah one game in they i don't know they're probably gonna be
too old because they play the coyotes tonight i don't know oh shit're probably going to be 2-0 because they play the Coyotes tonight. I don't know what that means. Oh, shit-kicking the Coyotes.
Holy shit.
8-2 to Columbus.
But it was really  Business in the lineup.
R.A., I just want to touch on the fact that Ovi ended up getting two.
He ended up doing the post-game interview with us.
I asked him about that Mass Mutual commercial, and he's like,
oh, yeah, too many takes, milk in my belly.
Which, I mean, you don't really get much out of Ovi as far as media.
I was pumped he gave us a good quote there.
But, yeah, all in all, a great night from T.J. Oshie.
And that whole sequence when he ended up feeding that Hendrix kid,
Hendrix LaPierre.
And I don't know if you know the back story to him, Whit.
He got a concussion in junior, and it was like it was one of those ones
that was just messing him up. They ended figuring out his more uh neck related like sid
very similar to sid right i think yeah we've talked about that on the podcast before but
um he ended up dropping in the draft and then like there was the viral video of he he was you
know actually even shocked to go late in the first round gets picked by washington oh she was talking
about on pre-game on when he was mic'd up,
just saying how he's the most likable guy,
and he's very excited to play on the line with him,
and hopefully can help him into the league.
Well, after that setup to him backdoor,
ends up popping over a Tenority stick and then goes behind the back.
Yeah, it was one of those games where you're surprised
he wasn't one of the three guys named to the U.S. Olympic team off the hop.
Got a quick note for you boys here.
The NHL is back and we're fired up.
You're probably knocking back some birdie juice or a few cold ones while watching the game.
So don't forget to take care of your liver.
No Days Wasted is here to help you fight off that awful next day so you can bounce back and feel your best the next day.
Take two capsules after your first few drinks and it goes to work. Double up with another packet if you're
going to be having a big night. DHM Detox is part of our drinking routine as well as thousands of
chickens listeners. The packets are easy to share with friends and family and DHM Detox is 100
risk-free purchase on your first box so if you don't love it they'll refund you. This is a no-brainer
so at the very least give it a shot and if you don't love it, they'll refund you. This is a no-brainer. So at the very least, give it a shot. And if you don't like it, you get your money back.
We're going to hit you guys with a promo code. Just head over to nodayswasted.co and use the
promo code biz20 for 20 off. That's nodayswasted.co for no days wasted after drinking and use that
code biz20. Biz, you just mentioned Alexandro Vecchin.
Of course, we'd be remiss if we didn't mention he got two goals that night
to pass Marcel Dion for fifth place of all time.
He also passed Mark Messier for most goals combined,
playoffs and regular season of all time as well.
That's a game I think the Caps ranges.
Everybody was expecting these big fisticuffs
after the way things went last year.
We got that early skirmish with Sammy Bl with uh sammy blay and trevor ran v ran van reams like
and then that was really it like there was i mean you know maybe some pushing and shoving but there
was nothing i think that people expected you know it's a new season i don't know how much of that
stuff does it really carry over from one season to the next like that guys i was gonna ask what
about that like did you expect a bigger response from new york because i uh who was between the benches um jonesy and he was saying before the game that wilson and reese
were smiling at each other now guys when when i was trying to be an enforcer in the nhl i know
we didn't it didn't work out very well when i would look across to jody shelly one of the meanest
faces i thought this guy wanted to end my life type faces and then
I think I don't know when they caught them mic'd up but then it was Ovi and Revo next to each other
and they're playing tummy sticks like I don't know if you ended up hearing the audio like hey bud how
was your summer and I'm like I don't know I don't know if that's maybe the that that probably is not
the the stance that I take in in game one of trying to say
this team just traded a third round, not a first round, I remind you, for you.
Breaking Biz calls Revol pussy.
No.
Buddy, he would  all right, I know you're kidding.
Guys, we joked about it in the pregame telecast.
He threw me through the earth's crust to China.
But I was a little surprised at maybe that first game and maybe where they stood.
And I guess, Wade, I'll throw it to you on the goalie situation, which you tweeted about.
You just signed this young kid to a big deal, and then he doesn't start.
Anson Carter brought up in the broadcast, and I hadn't even really thought of it.
I thought they were kind of like neck and neck for the job.
But what did you make of all that?
Well, I was very surprised.
Like, OK, so Shesterkin signs this big deal.
You get this enormous first game of the year.
Enormous, right?
It's one of 82.
But you made a lot of moves this summer and you don't start them.
And all these people come at you.
What do you you don't know what you're talking about?
They had a home opener the next night.
OK, play him two in a row, dude. You don't know what you're talking about. They had a home opener the next night. Okay.
Play him two in a row, dude.
What did you just sign him to?
Five million a year?
What the fuck are we talking about here?
You can't start a guy two nights in a row anymore?
It makes absolutely zero sense.
This guy's your number one.
Or I think they plan on him being their number one.
Now, maybe Rangers fans completely disagree with me on that.
But to get pumped in the first game,
you didn't start your guy that just signed this big ticket.
I was just surprised by it.
I think I tweeted, explain to me why they would do that.
And, you know, maybe that's why all the responses were trying to explain to me
considering I asked people to do that.
But in the end, like, you could play two games in a row now.
Yeah.
Hasn't Grubauer played every game for Seattle?
So, I mean, relax, Rangers fans. The guy could play two nights in a row now. Hasn't Grubauer played every game for Seattle? So, I mean, relax, Rangers fans.
The guy could play two nights in a row.
And they were brutal.
Now, they got a win against Montreal,
who, oh my God, do they stink right now.
Holy shit.
The Rangers, you know, they have not looked great.
Kako's now out.
I got a bet with
Avery at Barstool, 500 500 bucks he has him over 20 goals i
have him under 20s a push he looked good in pre-season though oof i was he's a different
ball game we'll see hey one thing that did catch your eye though adam fox the real deal
he is like sergey zubov he's he he has the ability to throw head fakes, shoulder fakes, little stick fakes.
Like he's not even moving that fast.
He's not an amazing skater.
He certainly gets around well enough.
But he gives all this false information where it looks impossible
to try to forecheck him.
And he makes these little passes where you think the guy has no chance
to get it to him.
He's putting it through your triangle, putting it through your feet.
He's got plays with so much confidence.
And I'm, I'm actually curious.
The more I think about it, like as a young kid, as a, as a 10, 11, 12 year old,
all you're doing is working on your game.
You're trying to get better.
You're stick handling, you're shooting pucks.
You're getting skating lessons.
You're figuring out how to start working out and training properly.
I don't know if
what he does with his mind and his and his false information like i already said i don't know if
you're born with that or that's something you can work on i don't know what do you think like i think
it's i think it's a hard thing to try to i'm sure adam otter actually be a good um that'd be a good
question for him i'm sure there are ways to work on it, but I think the way he does it is almost naturally given.
Yeah, easy pump fakes.
Just boom, boom, boom.
Going up the ice, shoulders moving, head moving.
Or just like, what the fuck is this guy?
It's incredible.
He's like a piece of jello.
He's like...
I know.
And with your head up, one little head fake.
It just gets the guy to bite.
That split second you need to open up a passing lane,
get him to move his stick.
So it's a simple game for that kid.
It's going to be really fun to watch.
You guys mentioned the Canadians a second ago.
They had a huge deal they made.
They extended Nick Suzuki with an eight-year 63 million deal.
Comes out to 7.875 million per year.
He's got a modified no trade clause for the last four.
He'll be 30 when the year ends.
Of course, the Canadians have started the season 0-3, outscored 10-3.
Suzuki hasn't got a point yet.
He's minus three.
It's the Canadians' longest losing streak to open a season
since they lost their first five games in 95-96.
Is this emblematic of how they're going to play all year?
Wait, or what?
I know it's early, but.
I think so. I think I said on the preview, too, that they're going to play all year? Wait, or what? I know it's early, but. I think so.
I think I said on the preview, too, that they're going to struggle.
And you lose Deneau.
Deneau, Tatar, and Gallagher were their, like, go-to line all year.
And, first of all, that Suzuki contract, congrats to him.
Seems like there's a crazy high ceiling for him.
But right now you look at, oh, you know,
and the main reason it's going to be tougher for him
is because he doesn't have to know, right?
He lost this guy and they traded for Dvorak,
but they lost so much with no Weber, no Deneau,
and now Price being out that I don't know how,
I don't know how they're going to go about winning games
because you wonder with the roster and how they will have times they struggle.
At least Price will keep them in and win them some games.
Without him, it's kind of a disaster there.
I wouldn't be surprised to see a real struggle this year.
I do think Suzuki's sick, but Caulfield hasn't got going yet.
So when those two get hot, it's a different ballgame.
But I think there were a lot of people surprised at the number because,
what is it, 140 games he's played?
130.
130 games, dude.
That's the league now.
And not even close to a point per game, right?
That's one league now.
82 points in 130 games.
Okay, so that's more than Brady Shea has point per game-wise,
but I think Brady definitely has more games played.
Kachuk, yeah.
Kachuk, yeah.
Oh, sorry, did I say Brady Shea?
Excuse me.
So, yeah, Montreux, I don't know.
I'm rambling.
No, no, buddy, I agree with you.
I think that this guy can eventually play up to that number
because I think that anything you throw at him,
he's passionate enough where he wants to figure it out.
It's just like there's a lot of climbing to do here
to get to where that is a fair contract.
And given the fact that he's you know
dino protect protects a lot of things he can play a lot of areas where he can he can eat clock right
could he do it while producing offense do you know he was a great dino is a great second line center
top tier but now all of a sudden he's gone and and it's guys it's fucking super early they still
got to get hoffman back off as you know and once they get clicking again And, guys, it's fucking super early. They still got to get Hoffman back off, and once they get clicking again.
It's three games.
It's three fucking games, but it's like, yeah, things have changed.
Caulfield, I think you mentioned him as well, no points.
Pressure on these kids, so I'm interested to see how they deal with it.
It's a lot of money.
It's well-deserved.
I hope he's able to meet up expectations there.
All right, and that same game, Toronto nipped Montreal 2-1 on that home opener.
Jack Campbell very sharp for Toronto in that game.
Nylander got the game winner.
Jonathan Drouin got the first goal of the season for Montreal,
which is a nice moment after the recent struggles he's gone through.
Toronto still without Austin Matthews after his wrist surgery.
I believe he was returning last night, Monday night.
He should be back in the lineup.
Here's the other big news out of Toronto.
Is this a chicklets bump, a Robin Lane bump, or what? But
Toronto is apparently relaxing their
dress code on game days.
Austin called it a, quote, happy medium.
I guess it's done mostly through
Kyle Dubas. Keefe said he had nothing
to do with it, but he actually seems like he's fine with it.
He said he wasn't crazy about having to put shirts
and ties on his 10-year-old kids to go to hockey games.
But I don't know, man.
It seems like this might be spreading a little bit.
I know there are going to be some teams that won't do it,
but is this going to still pass around?
Is the league a winner?
Your move, Coyotes.
You set the tone and they matched you.
Your move, Coyotes.
How are we getting them back?
I think your move would more make sense if you called out another team.
It was Coyotes.
That was your guys doing.
Good job.
I'm just kind of nitpicking your words here, you prick.
No, what I'm saying is like Toronto rebuttaled to the Coyotes' move
of trying to get Austin Matthews, which was relaxing the dress code.
So now the Toronto Maple Leafs have matched that.
What are we doing next to bring Austin back?
What next step? Oh, to bring Austin back? What next step?
Oh, to bring him back.
To bring him back.
Yes.
I see.
I'm sorry.
I thought you meant like.
It's all part of the plan.
Oh, what does Matthews have left?
Four years?
Who cares?
Bring him home.
He's coming home.
He's coming home.
He actually was.
I got the game on his first shift.
He was fucking flying out of the game.
Oh, he's. Okay. So Puck shift. He was fucking flying out of the game.
Okay, so Puck has dropped.
Austin Matthews back in the lineup.
Guys, ESPN cover.
This is the new wave.
These are the guys that even maybe Jack Hughes not too long ago was looking up to before he was chucking sticks in the fucking crowd.
Holy shit.
The new wave is here, folks.
The old man yells at Cloud is going nuts for this new wave.
And I fucking have every bit of energy for it.
One of the filthiest goals.
The patience, waiting everyone out.
Kane's on the ice.
He's just completely embarrassing the entire three or four players,
including the goalie on the ice for Chicago.
Ends it.
And then it was beautiful.
He makes eye contact with the crowd.
Just a soft little toss into the air.
People probably grinding for it.
Hopefully a kid got it.
Hopefully some nice guy didn't catch it and snatch it.
He gave it to a 10-year-old.
But I don't know.
I don't know how.
I don't know if I remember anyone ever doing that.
Mikey said Savard did it.
I don't remember that.
Is that the playoffs? Where I wanted to create a team. Playoffs against the doing that. Mikey said Savard did it. I don't remember that. Is that the playoffs?
Witt, I wanted to create a team.
Playoffs against the Flyers is when Mark Savard did it.
He scored the overtime winner and then chucked it into the crowd.
Hey, so you know what I wanted to do, Witt?
If I was on TikTok, I was going to do him scoring the goal,
him running to the crowd and throwing it up,
and then superimposing all New Jersey Devils fans
in the scrap between the Kraken fan and the national fan,
given the amount of people that probably wanted that twig after it got thrown
in the crowd.
So would that have been a good TikTok, Grinelli?
Would have been a great TikTok.
I would have went viral on TikTok.
But no, a great one.
Why didn't we do it on our TikTok?
I don't know.
Don't have the rights.
Don't have the rights to the video.
Oh.
The NHL video.
So maybe we could reenact another Donnybrook, like Gangs of New York,
because it might have been similar to that, people fighting for that Jack Houston.
The Butcher.
Bill the Butcher.
Who holds sway over the five points.
That guy's the sickest actor.
He never even does movies.
No, he quit.
He quit?
He threw his skates in the Hudson.
Wow.
Obviously, talking about the Maple Leafs, they played Ottawa the next night.
Sens got a three-nutt lead, held on, beat them.
But the other news there was Peter Mrazek,
ostensibly one of the Toronto starters, starting goaltender.
He's going to be out at least two weeks.
So in typical Leaf fashion, because of their cap crunch,
they weren't able to recall a goalie from the AHL
unless they wanted to make another roster move.
So they signed University of Toronto goalie Alex Bishop on Saturday
just so they can back up Jack Campbell for that game.
They were able to recall Hutchinson, Michael Hutchinson, on Sunday
and get him as the backup.
So this team with the e-bug stories, and I know, Biz,
you mentioned Carlo Kaliakova brought up the idea of a soft cap.
I think the Leafs are social media whoresores and that's why they're doing it they wanted another david air situation did you see strick reply to him he's
like are you only saying this no one else is saying this you're only saying because it's the
leafs no no i don't know if they know each other no i think so carlo i mean he's in toronto so
he's covering the leafs a ton that's That's all everybody talks about on the radio there.
Like, I go on radio shows there.
I'm like, I want to talk about the league.
It's like, they ask me about the Leafs nonstop.
I'm like, you guys talk about this shit every day.
Like, fuck off.
Like, I want to talk about other shit.
Like, I'm serious.
Yeah, I mean, so Leafs lunch, right?
But he's bringing it up for the overall aspect.
Like, should the league be throwing out these, like, beer league goalies in this type of situation and like i i agree with both
sides of it yes um people have to be accountable for what they're spending in the cap and if
anything if that goalie ends up having to go in the net it's like well that's what you get for
fucking not managing your budget but on the flip side of it he's saying like for a few reasons like
why not do a soft cap like it's holding certain guys back from from
getting paid the the the biggest reason why i agree with the soft cap and this is how i'm going
to explain it is i don't think for a team who was so bad for so long and then all of a sudden does
well in accumulating draft picks and ends up developing their own players and then they can't
keep them all because all of a sudden it's like a flat cap and i get that covid happened but it's
like if you fucking drafted and developed those guys and then you can't keep them all because all of a sudden it's like a flat cap and i get that covid happened but it's like if you fucking drafted and developed those guys and then you can't keep them around
because of his league-wide cap situation it's like it's it's like you're constantly training
guys when you're like are they gonna end up popping off or or not and you're constantly
being dealt that hand so there should be less penalization for people you keep within your
organization and they need to figure out a way to
make it all work do i have the answer to it no i mean i'm i told you guys i'm a rocket scientologist
that's it i'm not a capologist i'm not any of this other business but at a certain point it kind of
correlates in the fact that there should be a budget to not have to put a beer league guys back
up there should be a fucking guy who's like getting called up from the
ahl who's a competent goalie in case that nhl goalie goes down you throw in one of your guys
not some like but then on the flip side people like oh you're you're the old man yelling cloud
no i love the story like i love that a university kid gets to get chucked in that just like i love
like david airs got to get chucked in that you're just a leaf sand who just is up against the cap
so it's like it kind of gets into it got into a bunch of different conversations because of Bears got to get chucked in next. You're just the Leafs, man, who just is up against the cap.
So it's like it kind of gets into  it got into a bunch of different conversations
because of this situation that's happening in a Leafs game.
Well, I think the Leafs have a lot to do with it.
Sorry, I didn't mean to jump in front of you.
No, no, go right ahead, buddy.
But basically they could have called up Hutchinson,
but they would have had to send someone else down,
and then they might have been exposing somebody.
So it's not like they couldn't call somebody up.
They could have.
They just would have had to expose another player or move another player.
So I have no sympathy for the Leafs in this situation.
No, me neither.
Nobody else seems to have this problem.
So, you know, maybe it's a Leaf thing.
But remember, with that soft cap also, if you're overpaying that money,
like the Toronto Maple Leafs are worth 2 billion.
So, like, some of that money is the toronto maple leaves are two billion so like some of that
money is going to trickle down to these organizations that don't snap it around like
that to where maybe they can strike when they're finally developed their prospects and say all that
money we got while these guys were fucking being the yankees now we're making it work i get that
some people are like no i love the parody in the league fuck off i'm okay with that too but there's
got to be a there's there's some solution in there that can come to come.
Are there people,
are there people who like there being a cap?
I don't know any,
everyone hates the cap.
Players hate the cap.
Fans hate the cap.
Owners,
owners love the cap.
My mom doesn't even know what icing is.
She can't stand the cap.
The cap sucks,
but the cap will be here forever
it is never going anywhere and my first year pro 2005 that that happened and it is here for good
because owners do not want to lose money and the cap creates a way for them to be profitable and
not lose millions and millions of dollars the players lost that battle it was split it was an
ugly completely canceled season and in the end the players all said they'll never be a cap never
be a cap never be a cap there's a cap i think for that reason there shouldn't be escrow that's
where i think that like that's where i think that the league overall that's a different argument but
i it's a different argument that's where and we can sum it up here that's why i think overall
the league is a little greedy in a sense and Fuck yeah, the owners are greedy, dude.
They always win.
They always do because they get unlimited billions they can sit on
and wait to fucking play us out.
This is their hobby.
Yeah.
Did we go off the rails there or was that kind of somewhat on topic?
I mean it wouldn't be a trick if we don't go off the rails.
It's first week.
We're hopping whatever pops into mind, games and storylines.
Definitely.
This is like playing whack-a-mole right now.
I wore my camel because it's been an absolute war so far this season.
Like preseason and the intensity has led into some pretty aggressive situations on the ice.
I mean, Battle of Alberta being one.
Oh, McDavid.
Absolutely.
McDavid off to just a buzzing start.
Like a quick, easy hat trick.
Edmonton looks nice, dude.
But, yeah, that game was nuts.
You know they're always going to go at it.
What was the one hit that really  oh, Anderson.
That was  was it Vancouver versus Edmonton?
Oh, that was the first one.
Tyler Myers on.
I don't think I've seen a T-kit hit like that before.
Yeah, Duncan  I know, R.A. Oh, cool. So don't get me. Yeah. Duncan.
I know.
All right.
It's true.
He's rounding the net and talk about a guy who's basically made it
impossible to hit him throughout his career.
Duncan Keith.
Well,
you know,
the puck's a little bit out of reach.
He sees Tyler Myers coming down on six,
eight or however tall he is.
And he takes a hit to make a play and moving the puck up to the
winger,
but got bundled buried i believe he
was bleeding and stuff like that so yeah you know what on the bench though you see a guy take that
hit to make that play that's the little things that add up to create a successful team so you
got to keep duncan keith healthy but that just shows the type of balls he has but he got crushed
oh and the fact that right away he gets up and doesn't let his opponent see defeat
that's fucking old school that's what i love about that you know i'm saying like maybe these younger
you know there's some guys they're gonna stay down he's like fuck you i'm i'm right back up
that didn't phase me he caught me big fucking deal drop the puck i love that call this you can call
it i'm sorry all right you can call it old school neanderthal thinking that all you pussy hockey fans nowadays think of me.
If your lower body doesn't have an injury, like my dad told me, skate off the ice.
It's pretty legit, man.
You can get up and get off this.
Concussions are a different story.
Completely different. But for the most part, non-serious injuries.
Unless you're Duncan Keith.
Get up and get off the ice.
Very impressive to see this.
Unless you're Duncan Keith because he got rocked there.
And you know when it goes black for a quick second, you're like, okay, we're back.
He played the next game, didn't he?
Oh, he fucking.
He was back out there that second.
Yeah, later that game.
There was no
concussion yeah and i like how too like it was almost like he appreciated the hit in a weird way
like you know some some guys get up and they want to go after him he kind of get up and was like
yeah you know he took his lump like like a fucking nhl player shouldn't got back out there yeah it
was almost like oh he appreciated being hit that hard but i think you know he respected the fact
i've gotten into a game by getting lit up.
You know, you take a pretty big hit early, dude.
You're into the game.
Now, a lot of people would rather be the one who delivers a big hit to get themselves in the game, but that was never me.
I was the guy who got run over to get woken up.
You'd win the draw.
You'd be like, gosh, just throw up my corner.
Just get bundled.
I'll get a D to D.
Was one of those times by that the two by four
that tripped you no no that was just a fall that wasn't being hit by someone and that'll wake you
up though because you're going crashing into the wall that's a that's a bit of a that's i i don't
think i woke up that game i really don't i think i was just so embarrassed and disgusted with myself
flurry was still pissed um but the one the one hit we were talking about was on Yamamoto.
Was it not Anderson?
I only saw a couple angles of it.
Some people said headbutt.
Some people said from a different angle it looked like fist first.
I don't know, man.
R.A., you're jumping to the bit here.
What do you think?
Yeah, no, first off, when you said I wasn't thinking
Cocoa butt.
He basically looked like he had a cocoa butt like the wild Samoans used to back in the WWF.
It did look like it from the first angle, but it looks like he actually punches him even before that.
And then he kind of catches him with the head.
But he didn't get suspended 5000 for roughing.
I don't know.
I thought if he suspended him for it, it would have meant maybe a little excessive.
I mean, the guy finished the game.
I don't think he was concussed or anything, which is not used to seeing headbutts.
So I had no problem with no extra supplemental discipline.
As for the game itself, Edmonton beat Calgary, like I said, 5-2.
McDavid, 10th career hat trick.
He's already in seventh place for points in Edmonton's team history.
Only three active players have more hat tricks than him.
Ovi, Gino, gino and sid like this is
crazy the guy hasn't been in the league all that long now leon got three assists in the same game
how about this one biz calgary loses the opener for the 12th straight year it's the longest streak
longest active streak of the four major sports it's the second longest the north american pro
sports history 12 straight open is lost. That's crazy.
One other note with Calgary.
Blake Coleman was suspended for the last preseason game in their home.
I'm sorry, the opening after boarding Winnipeg's Jansen Hawkins during the preseason. If you're near the Browns in anything, that's just pathetic.
And the worst part is I didn't know this.
We have a hockey podcast.
I didn't know this.
Nope.
Why don't you want to do that?
Take them first night. You know they're going to lose. Nope. Why don't you want to do that? Take them first night.
You know they're going to lose.
Nope.
Just a joke that they've lost that many in a row.
I see them as like a Nashville
where every year they get like a little bit worse,
a little bit worse, a little bit worse,
and that's all.
That's a good comparison.
Like they both will probably be fighting for playoffs this year,
which almost hurts them.
In no man's land.
Yeah, the old no man's land.
I mean, there's certainly not much there to think that Calgary
could really take a run at a Stanley Cup.
How about
They're going to win it now.
What's his name?
Poole Yavi.
He's already got a couple goals.
He was doing that celebration.
I think it must have been memes who tweeted out, like,
he's the little Pittsburgh baby who grew up.
The gift for the Pittsburgh baby shaking like crazy.
He is just all smiles out there.
So they refer to him as the Bison King?
Bison?
Bison King, yeah.
Bison?
Yeah, what's that?
I don't know.
I saw a picture online.
He was out with his dog on a walk, and they just walked upon a bison.
And it was just there, and they got close to it.
I love how you're calling it.
What are you calling a bison?
Bison.
Bison?
Bison, yeah.
Yeah.
Bison.
I don't know.
Fuck, it's the same.
Whatever.
Roof or roof.
Hey, Biz.
So obviously he took a picture with it.
Somebody must have done it.
And he's got that big grin on his face,
and he's been doing that when he's scoring.
So there's some correlation here between calling him like the bison king now.
So that's kind of cool that they got a fun storyline
that comes out of nowhere going into the season.
Well, either way, Biz, that's a hell of a stop for Connor McDavid.
He probably doesn't even need any herbal active to throw in his knees
or elbows after the game.
On his five hole before he cranks it off and it was tube stocked.
That was, we got really silly last episode with Darnell Nurse.
That was a fun episode.
We?
So were you pregnant?
Well, if I was, I'd rub some Herbal Active on my belly.
Herbal Active, great CBD company, guys.
They have products.
They have the rub.
I always joke around that R8.
Would you give it to your mother-in-law and she put it on her arthritic feet
and it was like a game changer for her?
She did.
I did not put them on.
She put it on herself.
I supplied it.
She put it on, though.
That's an extra good story.
Even when I work out now, I get sore afterward.
Even if it's just these body weight workouts, I rub this CBD cream all over me.
Herbal Active, U-R-B-A-L-A-C-T-I-V.com.
You can go to their website.
Go to their Instagram or Twitter if you want to interact with the people who run it.
Awesome people.
They'll teach you all about what it can help.
They got dog treats.
They have the full spectrum drops.
I mentioned they have the rub. They drops um i mentioned they have the rub they have lotions they have bombs they have any way you're able to consume it one of the questions i always get does it contain any cbd no this is
100 hemp or thc did i say cbd yeah that was that was dumb a lot of cbd i need to put some herbal
active on my fucking dome right now.
That's how dumb that was.
But there is no THC.
It's 100 hemp derived.
So anybody who's like a firefighter or like a police officer and you're getting piss tested for your job, don't be concerned.
So as I mentioned, 100 hemp derived.
As I mentioned, great people.
Any questions you have about it, reach out to them on their Instagram or Twitter.
Herbal active.
And they're also giving you a Biz20 promo code.
They were on the podcast early days.
For you Canadians out there, they're still trying to figure out how to get it into Canada.
It's very tricky with the CBD thing.
But if you're living in the States, this is a mom-and-pop shop, unbelievable product.
I love it.
I stand by it.
Check it out.
20 off, Biz20 promo code herbalactive.com. U-R-B-A-L-A-C-T-I-V. That's a fucking ad read.
Wow. Biz20 for 20 off.
Yo, yo. I'll go acapella. That's another big sign and we didn't get to yet. Our pal Brady Kachuk, Ottawa signed him to a seven-year, 57.5 million deal.
Comes out to 8.214 million a year, average annual value.
He signed through 2028.
This kid, man, I mean, we talk about him all the time.
Obviously, we have pals with him.
I know his dad and he reminds me so much of his dad.
You got to imagine what this kid's going to have to see on him anytime soon.
This negotiation didn't get nasty where, like, they're going to
well, he doesn't have to see yet, but I don't remember his father.
They pulled the C off Keith when he was at Winnipeg back in the day
because he signed an office sheet with Chicago.
But we don't seem to have any of that  not nastiness,
but any of that element here.
So I would think he's going to get the captaincy, right?
Yeah, I would be surprised at some point if he's not the captain there and
committing long term maybe at the beginning he wasn't all in on that and i think talking to the
guys and we've mentioned shabbat's eight years signer signee there and they got a lot of good
young players so it's exciting for that for that team and that fan base to get him locked up
because you know you didn't want you didn't want the bridge deal you didn't want an overhang and
that he might take off in three four years whatever he'd be able to so it's good to see i'm
happy for him a lot of dough and well deserved absolutely i mean i'd be a hypocrite if i'm not
saying that he's got to play up into this one right i mean we talked about it with the suzuki
deal yeah i i i would i would say this deal is going to be very fair when Brady gets to be like a 30-goal, 35-goal, 25-to-30-assist type guy.
But with the leadership skills.
And probably 100 penalty minutes.
And 100.
Just bring in every element that if you want to construct a hockey player, a throwback hockey player, that's what you construct.
So I believe that he's going to do it.
He's got obviously the right people in his corner teaching him the way
and siphoning through this NHL career of his.
I think big things to come.
It was really cool after he signed the deal.
They had him out pumping the crowd out, right?
Oh, yeah.
I'm glad you brought that up.
Was that the home opener they had him for?
Oh, it was home opener.
Yeah, they brought him.
He wasn't able to play yet.
And I don't know, guys.
I don't talk to the people behind the scenes on either side.
But I would imagine the strong financial commitment was basically him
to getting Ottawa to say, hey, am I the guy or am I not your guy?
Do you want me to lead you in a battle?
All these other younger guys are getting them.
These teams seem to be crazy about their guys.
Are you crazy about me?
And I think Ottawa stepped up and they got the deal done,
and I hope that it's just positive things that come for Kachuk
and the entire Senators crew.
Because I like when teams who have struggled for a while
end up getting a little bit of a resurgence.
And I lived through the Emery and Spezza days
where they made that run to the Cup, and it was cool.
It's cool to see Canadian teams thrive.
All right.
Another monster deal to report.
Boston extends Charlie McAvoy with an eight-year, 76 million deal.
Comes out to 9.5 million average annual value.
A value signed through 2030.
No trade protection for the first two years.
A no-move clause for the middle four.
And then a modified no trade for the final two.
He'll only be 32 when the deal ends.
Needless to say, the Boston Bruins,
this is the largest deal in team history.
The Ray Bork ceiling has been obliterated with Charlie McAvoy's deal.
This was inevitable once we saw all the other deals,
but money well spent.
I mean, he's top, what, top three or four two-way defenseman in the league?
Yeah, I mean, he brings it both ends he could skate he's physical he's a prick to play against i think
he's getting better and better offensively he's going to get more chances now to really run a
power play i think and not not knowing a ton about advanced stats and understanding they are a part
of the game now and they have to be used but but also not really being super educated on them. I'll say I was reading pretty much everywhere that
if you look at a lot of certain numbers, he's the best five on five defenseman in the league.
So to be that age, to have a guy that you drafted in the first round that's been with you this long
and to know that you want him and he wants to be there and finally get the number figured out,
it's a huge deal, but it is well-deserved.
You look at the market now and you look what's been set,
and that's just what changes everything.
Once the guys before you that set the precedent
end up signing these deals,
you know exactly if you want to keep me,
if you want to keep this guy,
you're going to have to pony up, and they did that.
But I think when you look at signings around the league
and question marks and on every single long-term deal to younger guys or to any guy,
you're going to have haters.
You're going to have people who love it.
For the most part, I think everyone completely agreed
and understood that this had to happen.
And it's really exciting if you're a Bruins fan to have him locked in this long.
I think he's 32 or 33 when the deal ends.
32, yeah.
Good math.
Let me ask you, R. you ra as a bruins fan like
i just kind of started following the fan base since i've been involved with the podcast a
little bit more do you find that there becomes a do they try to find one target like i know that
tuka kind of wore that crown do you feel that when a guy gets paid to what market value is which is
rare with the Boston Bruins,
that all of a sudden they're going to expect maybe more
than even what they've seen so far?
Or do you think they're going to be reasonable about this
when it comes to Charlie McAvoy?
You mean like a whipping boy, basically?
I feel that Boston always has one.
And there's always a small percentage of the fan base,
but they're noisy enough where they make enough noise
where you're like, I mean, you talk about the Tuca situation.
The media's tough.
The media's really tough in Boston.
It's just like a winning culture city,
and they just seem to find guys.
It's just weird.
Yeah, I don't see that happening with Charlie McAvoy,
given that they're not going to say,
you know, the highest paid player on the team.
I think they realize how good he is.
I don't see the fans revolting at all.
The Tuca stuff.
Oh, if he doesn't produce, they will. Well, yeah, I mean, yeah, I think they realize how good he is. I don't see the fans revolting at all. The Tuca stuff... Oh, if he doesn't produce,
they will. Well, yeah, I mean, yeah, I think
that goes without saying, if he tails off.
But, I mean, there's always going to be detractors, too.
I mean, especially in this day of social media
and Twitter, everybody has a fucking
opinion. I think, though, the general
Bruins fan will appreciate the deal, appreciate
that he's going to stay here. And, you know, Tuca,
he's a goalie. You know,
there were a couple, I don't know if you want to call them
hiccups or whatever, or reasons why people might not like him.
But McAvoy, yeah, I don't see him becoming any sort of whipping boy here.
The only issue that really could, not issue,
but in terms of him maybe catching heat if he's not playing nice,
is that they got three of the best players in the league making such little money compared to what they could be making so that's that's the thing that those three
guys are in a sense all underpaid and they dominate every single night it seems so then if
you're if you're the highest paid guy and you're making all this go and you're struggling it's like
well what the fuck so fan tier can be miserable shoot they lead the league that's joe sackick just that's just
showing up to bruins games who told us that that he would yell or just shoot it just shoot it
uh landy was it good deal congrats to him yeah um um other than that um they had to add seats
in the garden though to cover the contract.
So it's going to be a bit tighter squeeze this season.
Jeremy Jacobs saw the number.
What do you think he thought when he had to sign off on that?
Are you kidding me?
They probably didn't even show him that he's had his son do it.
I can't tell dad about this one.
Oh, my goodness.
Yeah, I mean, as a lifelong Growers fan,
it is kind of stunning to sit here and read like 9.5 million.
I mean, this is an organization that lowballed Ray Bork and took him to fucking arbitration 25, 30 years ago.
Did he bend him over an arb?
No.
I mean, I don't know if he won or lost, but the fact is they took fucking Ray Bork.
Yeah, you can't give Charlie the small horn treatment.
It was brutal.
Like, you know, this team has a history of not overpaying people. I'm not saying they're overpaying
Charlie. They're paying a market value.
I would say
a new era because there's no more
take less for everybody to
stay. Obviously, like what you said, Bergeron,
Pasta, Marchand, all making
six to seven mil. I don't know if
this is going to kick down a door for future contracts
with the Bruins. Obviously, Charlie's a special player, but it is kind of stunning to see a Bruins player make 9.5 million in my lifetime.
I'm shocked we haven't talked about it already, but I'll tell you what.
The Bruins can find value, and I think they're going to get value in this new goaltender.
And I couldn't be more excited that the Bruins
This guy is legit.
Uh-oh.
You think you got your guy?
University of Maine produces goaltenders, too.
It's a fact.
He was legit last year.
I beat this drum every episode.
He should have been in the fucking playoffs last year.
They should have said Tuca.
He was hurt.
Swayman, I still think they could have done something.
But yeah, this guy is the real fucking deal.
I mean, they went out and gave Linus Elmark
a fucking 20 million contract,
and he doesn't even start the first game for them.
I know that's not the hugest thing, but Swayman got the start.
He looked awesome.
I don't know.
Losing Tuka maybe temporarily, maybe he might come back,
but I don't know.
This team looks like they're in a solid position goaltender-wise.
I know we haven't seen Olmach.
I think the Olm mark signing makes even more sense
because like if you have this great team and all of a sudden like one if it doesn't work out or two
injury you need to have two competent people at the position and the bros and bruins i would say
if you look at the entire league they have the best listen we haven't seen all mark play yet
this year but based on last year's number we know that he's a very competent goalie if not one again he would be an elite backup so to speak this what's what's swayman making under
a million so you got two quarter yeah so you got two really good goalies making just under five
i think that i mean fucking florida would suck you off for that right now. Right?
Right?
I don't know.
I'm listening.
What are the future considerations?
One other thing I noticed.
What part of Florida are we going to be in?
But I'll tell you what, though.
He looked unbelievable in that first game. And that's obviously pressure coming into that situation.
And he just doesn't seem to really bat an eye.
He's kind of ready for it.
Yeah, and like I said before, probably last week,
the team played different in front of him last year.
When I talked to Theodore about it, he had said as much,
that some teams play different in front of different goalies.
I saw it last year with this squad.
So, yeah, man, I'm fucking psyched about Swayman and Nett.
Also, we got to talk about Marchand. He scored on a penalty shot and an empty netter uh became the third player uh to score his
team's first goal of the season on a penalty shot his five penalty shot goals are tied with vincent
le cavalier for third in nhl history behind only pavel beret and mario lemieux uh the highlight of
the game is uh when mhawn was taken down on his
breakaway for the penalty shot and jack yelled that's a suspendable foul you couldn't even for
mad jack edwards was fucking outrageous you can't it was it was nero heskin in with the most normal
like takedown of a guy trying to save an empty netter no injury marshawn gets up doesn't
even look at the guy to even maybe mention like or motion that was dirty and jack edwards is
screaming and he should be suspended an absolute fool once again proving how much of a fool he is
announcing games grinelli i think we have to do the fans a favor and crank up your volume, folks,
just a little bit. Roll the clip. Pasternak frees the puck. Marchand has an empty net. He scores,
and that is a suspendable foul. The sweet sounds of Jack Edwards early in the season. It is the
perfect chef kiss on this opening week, and we have been treated and we still
got some more most disliked announcer in the nhl by the other 31 fan bases now that p you'll get
more votes than connor for mvp this year but we love him i like jack i think he's an entertainer
i mean that was ridiculous to call that suspendable. But, yeah, when Bruins games are put on, I don't know if it's a national thing
or other states and countries can see Jack.
When he's on, people are fucking all over him, man.
They can't stand him.
He's a homer, but they're all homers.
I heard this, and I don't even care that I spread the rumor.
The Bruins put him across the hotel from the other guys
because he just rips the bong all night long in his hotel room.
He's a weasel.
We should do a road trip with Jack Edwards.
See how he prepares for games.
We should get Rene Rancourt to follow us around with him.
Get the whole
Two charges for anthems.
Rene.
All right, moving right along.
I wanted to mention one more thing about the Bruins.
You follow Halsey on Instagram.
He looks like the happiest person alive being in Boston.
Every Instagram.
I am so happy that he's found a place.
You could tell he's like, I found my home.
I found my home i found my
home he's fucking hanging out with the the mlb trophy hanging out with the boys and it's uh you
know if you need a little pick me up ever if you're feeling down just just hit up halsey's instagram
stories or pictures the happiest man he's loving it he's on an original six team team's good
you know edmonton had great fans but the the team struggled. Devils, you know, they get to the
playoffs, but kind of a struggle
there. Not the best building to play in.
No offense, Devils fans.
And then Arizona, Jesus Christ, what else
are you going to say? All of a sudden, Boston.
Happy for him. I think he's going to have
a big year. I really do.
I'm sure he wishes Crecce was still there, but we'll see
how this goes with this team.
Let's see what happens.
The New York Islanders, they signed defenseman Ryan Pollock
to an eight-year extension worth 49.2 million,
comes out to 6.15 per year.
He's got a no-trade clause for the first five,
a modified no-trade for the last three.
Tough start for the Isles so far, 0-2 in the first two.
It's only two games, but they've been outscored 11-4 in those two games.
I'm sure they'll clean it up.
But as a fellow defenseman, what was your take on this Pollock extension?
Well, it's great.
And Islanders fans, Frankie Borelli, Jesus,
they have not stopped beating the drum of how proud they are
to have these two guys under what I think is 11 million a year,
maybe under 12 million a year to have their top pair.
It's a great deal.
I mean, like, Lou's proven.
He's a master.
He gets all these guys.
He has his own free agency day.
Nothing's announced until later.
He runs the show, and they have their one and two defensemen,
basically, with the chance of Dobson really growing into a stud.
He's playing with Chara right now, a young kid, first-rounder.
But they got these two guys locked in at a fair number.
You know, I don't think either one of them are like amazing at anything.
They're both just really good at everything.
You know what I'm saying?
Neither one of these guys is a true like power play quarterback pool
because of absolute cannon.
But in terms of like running the top of the umbrella, you know, Adam Fox, Doughty, guys that really can make a living
just quarterbacking five on four units.
I don't necessarily think either one of those guys would be great at that,
but they both still can add offense.
I mentioned Pulik's shot.
It's just a huge deal to get two, not, how would I describe,
two such important players locked in at a fair number it's pretty
much how the bruins have been successful so long is seeing guys never get too high of a deal and
they got two guys now locked in at what's great for for the team does it concern you a little bit
though that none of them are number one and and you i know the the islanders got to get it done a different way by committee, but you look at the last 20 cup winners,
how many teams have not had that one guy?
I said that, and I got to shout out Teddy Purcell
because we were talking.
I said, just think back, right?
Think to all these cup winners and look at Hedman on Tampa
and Duncan Keith, even even see Brooke on Chicago
Dowdy on LA uh Chara on Boston you know it's like it really never ends and then he said Carolina
I think and what was that 06 kind of a good example of of of a team who never really had
or didn't have a true number one defenseman that that did that did win the cup so I do think the
Islanders are a team who could win the Stanley Cup
the way they are right now, and that would be just another example
of not having that real number one guy.
But hard to get over that hump of not having  I mean, time has told us, right?
I think another one would be a good example is Pittsburgh
when they won that first of the back-to-back
because they lost LeTang for most of that run.
Yeah, the injuries.
But other than that, it's just you look back, you get the Dowdy,
you got the Duncan Keith, you know, Hedman.
Carlson is a beast on Washington.
Carlson's a clear number one.
And, I mean, after that, Petrangelo.
He's a one.
There's another one.
So it's just hard to go back and really see
where you've got to get it done by committee.
But, hey, this is a very solid team.
I wouldn't hit the panic button yet.
But, hey, I'll tell you what.
They lose against who they got in Game 3.
They got a tough game against the Hawks,
who haven't really proven us much yet either.
If they start 0-3, man, they got another 10 on the road.
Notoriously, they have not been good starters under trots,
and that's something that Frankie Borelli also made me aware of.
So we'll see.
But not the start to the year they expected.
Outscored what, R.A.?
They're getting dummied in the
11-4.
Losers.
Scrubs.
Also, Sorokin has started both games.
Valamov is still banged up.
He's not in the lineup yet.
So he's actually on long-term injury reserve.
Corey Schneider is actually the backup right now.
So Sorokin better clean it up.
We might be seeing Schneider out there because, you know,
you don't want to get too far behind the eight ball this early in the season.
We've talked about that plenty on this show.
Let's see.
Moving right along.
Actually, yeah, we didn't mention.
I know we alluded to it earlier, the Tampa Bay-Detroit game, which was absolutely incredible.
Tampa Bay was losing 6-3 with less than seven minutes left.
They rallied, tied it up.
Andre Palat wins it in overtime.
Todd Bertuzzi, Tyler Bertuzzi, Todd's his uncle, not his father,
like the infinite things.
Tyler Bertuzzi, four goals.
But Dylan Lackin ended up getting suspended for a game,
for a retaliatory
punch to Matthew Joseph Joseph hit him in the corner and it looked like I couldn't tell Larkin
turned to the last second or if it was you know if he intentionally tried to hurt him or whatever
I don't think he did but either way Larkin just sucking him fucking right after clothesline special
just fucking straight up fucking whacked him got a game for roughing um I guess I'm not really surprised, I don't know, that he got a suspension.
I thought it was an overreaction, Whit.
I didn't think the hit was as bad as he thought.
Now, Grant, I'm not getting hit.
I'm just watching.
I also was surprised he got suspended, though.
I mean, it was pretty egregious.
It looked hilarious.
But it wasn't like, I don't know.
It didn't seem that bad.
I mean, it's a full-blown sucker punch with a glove on.
I mean, they're trying to set us.
Maybe this is the glove on.
We draw the line at headbutts now.
I don't know if you heard earlier.
The headbutts are a 5K fine, but you can absolutely clothesline a guy.
Somebody had the camera footage from a seat front row,
and you could kind of see the hit.
From the original angle, it was a 50-50 to me,
but then after seeing it from that seat, I was like,
I don't want to say embellishment from Larkin,
but it wasn't as dirty as what he got up and did, as you mentioned.
I thought the game was well worth it.
Not only did it get chippy there, and that Moritz Seider,
I don't know if you saw this cocky little move.
I think it was Hedman after the whistle was going to, like, move the puck,
and he gives him the stick lift and takes the puck.
Hey, a Hedman game, he's like, you rookie bitch.
You rookie fuck, buddy.
I love that, though.
I love that on a Seider.
I don't mind it either, and he didn't back down.
And then you even saw in the next game, the Vancouver game is more the one that I wanted to talk to as crazy as it was.
Because you got the situation where cider ends up giving Larson a little cross check.
Larson gives him the bag tap with the end of his stick, which people online hate the bag tap.
I mean, I think that's like when Chaleos used to go in with the canary.
He used to put a stick over the canary in the scrums.
He gives them a little bag tap.
Burt ends up going nuts, but then as the game got chippier,
the reverse hit by Garland on Zedina.
Zedina was furious.
Post-game press conference.
Can we roll the clip, please?
I was reaching for the puck, and I'm okay.
I'm okay.
I just went and chased the puck, and I was reaching for the puck,
and he just, I don't know, reversed it me, I guess.
I mean, you know, like the midget like he is, it's pretty normal that he's reversed it
because I don't think he's that strong enough to just battle him in a corner like one-on-one
and just do that stupid hit, but it is what it is.
Probably how the person he is on the ice.
I mean, not oftentimes you're getting an NHL player in a post-game press conference
who's being politically incorrect by calling an opposing player a midget pretty funny though i mean he just seemed to be
rattled that he wasn't ready for that by the way i think we tweeted like when somebody's one inch
taller than you are they listed at one inch difference two two inches different i think
garland might be five nine though he's he's", though. I think he's wearing the two pairs of socks to where they get the measurements done at the beginning of the year.
Throwing the ankle weights in his drawers.
What are those new shoes?
Fuck, they're supposed to be so comfy.
On cloud.
It's like a Hoka.
It adds three inches, dude.
Grab a Hoka if you're short.
You'll love them.
Hoka shoes.
Comfy as hell.
Free ad.
What did you make of that, R.A.?
A player calling another player a midget
in a post-game press conference. You don't see guys
talking trash much in the media anymore.
Yeah, I mean, I know
some people call it a reverse hit. It looked like he
got basically his ass right into his head.
He seemed like he was probably a little
pissed off. Also, he's a Czech, too,
so, you know, the whole idea of him
just throwing midget out there was pretty funny.
Yeah, the give-a-fuck meter gets a little low when you make it over to the Czech Republic.
Yeah, absolutely.
As far as political correctness.
I just want to go back to Larkin for a second.
And the reason he said he got so mad was because it reminded him of the injury from Jamie Benn
when he got hit into the boards years ago, and he got a neck injury out of it.
So that kind of reminded him.
But he did take responsibility for it.
He said, quote,
it was an unfortunate play the whole thing. I really felt Joseph could have let up. He had
enough time to see my numbers and make a different decision. I was very much disappointed in myself
after and disappointed for the team. But I also think enough is enough. I've been through some
tough times and I just felt the pain and immediately thought, here we go again. I got up and reacted
and I'll deal with the punishment. I dealt with the punishment. I'm very eager to move on. I'm very relieved.
It wasn't anything serious. I shared my suspension.
I'm ready to get back at it. The two players made amends.
They texted apologies to one another and expressed a wish to put the incident
behind them. Very significant, very indicative of the new NHL that we're in.
Wow. Yeah.
He just was pissed off and it reminded him of a bad hit he took and that's why
he's sucking them. So, yeah.
All right.
Wires crossed.
If he says wires crossed, sorry about it.
I shouldn't have done it.
Boom.
What else do you have to do?
That would be my press release.
Wires crossed.
Wires crossed.
The end.
Too worried.
Too worried at the end of it.
Every game, just fucking have it loaded up at the same time.
It's all red.
That was it.
What do you make of that, Whit with the fact that they texted each other and and hey i think it's a very classy reply is your phone who dissed
hey i love this bad news uh detroit team eiserman's assembled the goon squad i like this
you're calling them the goon squad i'm not surprised at the text message i mean i feel
like that used to
happen if it was like a very serious injury this was really nothing but it's different now it's
different no as long as you're an instagram dm that they that they exchanged as long as no emojis
if you get the emojis going it's like oh come on tummy sticks that's the that's the line tummy
is there a wires crossed emoji maybe the fingers crossed um another extension we got
to get to nashville signed 31 year old defenseman matthias ekholm 24 year 25 million dollar extension
comes out to six and a quarter year it'll be 36 when the deal ends uh but we gotta go back to
seattle nashville i mean not two cities you think of like violent people, maybe Boston and Philly and New York.
Oh, that game in Nashville, boy, the other night,
those guys were fucking pounding each other.
Like I saw two different cuts.
I saw the one, the first one,
the cracker guy was pounding the other guy,
but then the other one,
the Nashville fan was pounding another guy.
Oh, he switched it right up.
I couldn't tell who, who beat the fuck out of who,
but seriously grow the fuck up.
You guys are fucking 30 years old at a hockey game. Like people're the kids like i went to a million games got black out a million
times i never got in a fucking fight and started fights like people go in the games just act like
a fucking civilized human being for christ's sake any update on how that that tilt started
no i don't know that's i mean i'm sure there's a nashville seattle joke you can conjure up there
somewhere but i mean usually one person's an asshole and i'm sure alcohol is heavily involved
and you know someone takes the fucking bait or someone gets insulted so much that it's something
you can't walk away from and you hit your manhood challenge but i don't know man it's always one
donkey who always goes too fucking far but you know if you're taking your kid or your girl or
whatever are you yeah it's bizarre and's fucking these asshole grown men fighting,
like, that's fine.
Don't go to NFL games, man.
That's all that is.
It's just a bunch of fucking.
That's why you don't go to NFL games.
Well, now it's happening at NHL games.
Other than the Foxborough commute.
But, yeah, really.
Maybe some Nashville guy was like,
you ever had that Starbucks and shitty coffee?
And this dude just turned around.
No, that's fair.
Would that be a reason to clock somebody in the face?
Dog Starbucks to a Seattle native.
That may be game on.
Grow the fuck up.
Yeah, listen, all right, grow up.
No more fighting at games.
You're trash.
Save it for Ruff and Rowdy.
Four years, 25 mil.
I know they got rid of Ellis, traded him to Philly.
This guy's been a key part of their core for a long time.
Seems like a reasonable deal.
Awesome top four defenseman.
Last year it was talked about they were possibly going to deal him at the deadline.
He was one of the bigger name free agents because he had another year on his deal left.
So to lock him in once Ellis, they decided to trade Ellis
and to know you've got a top four guy
for for the next four years as biz said it's it's our next five years including this season but as
biz said it's a weird time in nashville see what happens but that's a guy you need to keep there
if you're really going to try to continue to make a little bit of a run since their cup final run a
few years back yeah poils poils pretty loyal to his guys i kind of get like a rhyme what you rhymed
what did i say poils pretty loyal oh i did i did rhyme spitting hot fire it's a bison spitting hot
fire it's a business um but he's loyal to his guys and it kind of reminds me of the pecker
peckerini situation where this guy's probably going to get to retire in Nashville.
He's played some great minutes for this organization.
He was essentially homegrown, right?
Was he not drafted by them?
Played over in Finland in pro a little bit and then came over.
Was it Finland?
Or no, he's Swedish.
Rene's Finnish.
Correct?
Rene.
Rene. So, yeah, that's what it reminded me of good solid
defenseman um yeah great number i mean fuck when you're that age getting that much on the back end
i would i would consider him like a number three on most teams and that's a that's a nice tag but
that's what you get when when teams are vulnerable for defenseman fourth rounder in 09 what a pick yeah they've just picked defenseman forever to keep that in 2009. What a pick.
Yeah, that's a good one.
They've just picked defenseman forever there.
To keep that in perspective, folks, I was a fourth rounder.
It could go one of two ways.
That's what happens when body starts slapping, Biz.
The body starts what?
That's what happens when body starts slapping.
When body starts slapping?
How about the Sabres being a fucking wagon right now?
Dude, took the words right out of my mouth.
2-0.
Heads up, Buffalo.
Coming through.
Let's go.
And I believe their next, like, eight games aren't that difficult on paper.
They're playing some teams where they could get off to a little start here.
Inner squad games?
They're playing eight inter-squad
games in a row here? No, when you play them, you're
only allowed to play other guys making
750. Oh, okay. Nice.
Shirts are back on sale. Oh, the shirts are
back. The wag. Drop the shirts.
The wagon shirts. Wow, drop the wagons.
80 off.
I mean,
impressive, though. I mean, they beat up on
Montreal 5-1 in their opener.
They played Arizona, took them.
They went to a shootout but won that one.
They've only given up two goals in two games.
You know, they were successful pretty much under Don Granato last year.
A lot of guys played, I would say, had career seasons.
Successful or decent?
Like successful?
Well, compared to earlier in the season, maybe successful.
Yeah, compared to earlier in the season.
But they clearly played different than him.
I think they know Jack's not coming back,
and I think that probably clears their minds a little bit too.
I think when your captain's hemming and hawing
and you don't know if he's coming back,
that probably causes some distraught in the room.
I think it's clear he's not going to be back.
So I think they've moved on even though Jack hasn't been traded yet.
But not putting him in the playoffs.
But either way, Buffalo, 2-0 start.
It's worth mentioning.
6-4, Whit?
Do you think they start 6-4?
Or do you think maybe they start 7-3?
Maybe 6-3-1?
Oh, no, no, no.
They definitely don't start 7-3.
6-3-1?
So they'd have to  for 6-4, all right, they'd have to go what?
500?
Holy shit, Philly.
Sorry, Philly.
Yeah, Philly's crushing Seattle.
Five nothing already.
It's an absolute shit kicking.
That's what happened to the crowd.
Now it's trickling over.
That's all.
No, no, that same dude ain't going to Philly and getting in.
It ain't going.
No.
You're not tilting in Philly.
You're not tilting in Philly.
You'll catch a shank in your spine You're not tilting in Philly. You're leaving that fucking toes up. You'll catch a shank in your spine.
You try doing that in Philly.
Nashville might buy you a beer post tilt.
So you think Buffalo finishes the first 10 games 6-3-1, better or worse?
I'm going to give them 5-5.
I think they go 3-5 in their next eight.
I think we do a good math.
Which would be a hell of a start.
It would be a great start.
Funny, we were just talking about Grubauer getting first three starts. next eight. I think we do a hell of a start. We're a great start. Funny.
We're just talking about Grubauer getting first three starts.
Well,
you got four in a row and he's getting lit up tonight.
So I don't know,
four,
four starts.
And what are we on?
Seven nights.
Here's one for the,
for the old guys like our Ray,
he got the fish hook.
Barkley would have loved that one. The fish hook. Barkley would have loved that one.
The fish hook.
All right. Moving right along here.
The fish hook.
Brandon Tannev to get to. We haven't
forgot about him. He had three goals already. He hasn't
scored yet. Columbus a wagon.
No, actually, New
Jersey, Chicago. We want to mention the Friday
night game. That was the game we mentioned already.
Quinn Hughes at the sick overtime game.
Quinn?
Chuck, I'm sorry.
We say Quinn because of Grinelli so much.
Jack Hughes, I apologize, Jack and Quinn.
Sick, Sully, just chucking the stick in the stands.
But we do want to mention the beginning of the game that night.
The Devils wore pregame jerseys with number 10 in Broadway
and the Hawks had the hazy number 39.
It was, you know, I don't think I've ever seen that before
where a player was, you know, honored by both teams
who happened to be playing each other.
Obviously, the schedule worked in their favor,
but it really was a beautiful tribute to Jimmy.
Yeah, it was an amazing scene,
and it was really cool to see the jersey and his name up there.
And, you know, unfortunately, on the way to his game,
his wife and his parents got the toxicology report back.
And I think you saw that story that was written on the Boston Globe
where Mr. Hayes and his wife, Kristen, you know,
wanted to get the message out to maybe help someone else
that there was fentanyl and cocaine in his system.
And that's just heartbreaking.
And it's a true pandemic. This fentanyl and cocaine in his system and and that's just heartbreaking and it's a true it's a true
pandemic this this fentanyl is so terrifying such such tiny amounts have killed so many people it's
just horrific and um i i was i don't know how to say it like proud isn't the right word but
amazing and must have been so difficult for kristin and the Hayes family to have that out there.
But in a sense, they wanted people to know that maybe this and knowing this could save somebody else because it's just it's a terrifying time and such a sad story.
So it was tough to see that article come out.
But in the end, if it can help one person, that means it truly did make a difference.
So, yeah, well said, Whit.
It was a tough article to read.
It's something we've known our whole lives.
And I think the point you just said, like Big Kev said,
if they saved one person,
if one of those little kids holding a stick that day,
if he doesn't decide to get into bad stuff,
then that article had done its job.
But it's terrible.
I mean, the effects that this shit has had on this country for the last 25 years,
there should be 100,000 people in fucking jail for it.
There really should for the epidemic they unleashed on this country.
It's fucking heartbreaking.
It's terrible.
I mean, you know, like Prince, Tom Petty, these guys died the same way.
Like, you know, it's not, it's not, you know, I've had a couple of people write shit to me on my Twitter.
I blocked them and told them to fuck off right away. Stuff'm not going to deal with i'm not it's not appropriate
but it's like there's no stigma with this that's what the family's trying to say like
you don't have to be a good person or a fucking bad person to get hooked on drugs especially these
fucking opiates i mean you hear stories so often of athletes and kids who in high school they break
their fucking leg or their elbow and they gotta they they need painkillers and But the doctors put them on them 20 years ago and they don't tell them,
oh, you're going to take this for two weeks
and your body's going to be physically addicted to it.
Like, no one fucking told these people.
And it's just the damage that's been done by these drug companies
and doctors and so many other people over the years.
It's fucking terrible, man.
And, you know, it is hard to ask for help.
And if you need to do it, man, it's the key to getting better
because it's not fucking easy to do.
And this shit's fucking awful.
And we miss Jimmy terribly.
And, again, I'm getting a little fucking emotional here,
but it's just such a sad story.
And, again, like you said, hopefully somebody can take some lessons from it
because it's so bad.
It's just fucking awful.
I think it also ties back to some of
the stuff that leonard was saying and like i know it got a little messy there and like he had to
come back on the situation with like buttoning up with with what he said about uh
oh uh not lavila jesus no uh alan vignole but like he's just trying to create the awareness
for it because he he obviously sees part of that too and and ultimately guys's just trying to create the awareness for it because he obviously sees part of that too.
And ultimately, guys are just trying to look out for people.
It's a terrible thing, guys.
Yeah, and I guess if there's, I don't know, a piece of advice,
if there's something I could say is if you know people who are struggling,
it's not an easy thing to go to a friend or a relative and say,
hey, man, you know, fuck, and just give them a look or say something.
Nobody wants to do that, but it's so much better to have said something to somebody or pull them
aside and grab the air and at least try then to fucking not.
And then,
and I'm not referring to Jimmy here.
I mean,
I know Jimmy,
but we weren't like close to that level,
just in general,
in your own life,
your own family.
You know,
if you know someone's struggling,
then reach out to them.
I mean,
if they get mad at you,
so be it,
but there's,
you know,
there's so many ways that you can reach people.
And sometimes it is a best friend, an old saying hey man clean your fucking shit up and that could
work and you know it's not comfortable no one wants to do it but if you feel like you should
do it then then you probably should so i know it's a shitty topic we're gonna try to get along
to some more happy stuff in a second but we did need to bring that up because it was bad
bad bad stuff. Fucking asshole.
Fucking drug dealers.
All right.
I don't even know how to segue out of that.
Oh, I know.
Go right ahead.
It was well said, and it's just brutal.
It is tough to do anything after that.
It really is.
All right.
But anyways, moving right along, I guess.
LA Kings, Anze Kopitar, bizita is four goals three assists in two games i mean this guy's probably in the back nine of his career i think you could say not in an insulting way but
he's getting it done so far i told you this is a king's team that has maybe a different goals than
they had the last couple years i think they're aiming for the playoffs and they got a little
bounce in this step so far he is a special player that's the only way i can describe it we pump his tire so much about just how good his 200 foot game is how there's no
weaknesses to it we compare him you know compare barkov to being kind of the new anze kopitar but
like he he ain't gone he's he's the guy who he's the guy who covers the whole ice for 22 minutes
a night relied upon in every situation and can also still put up at least a
point of game and and he's i mean the the lead i the reason why i'm like ah shit i didn't why i
kind of like ah why did i doubt this team is because that leadership group seems to really
care about and they've really emphasized this season being the season where they kind of get
back into the picture and dowdy especially because he's a little bit more vocal but uh onze is definitely backing
it up with this fucking game as he always we all picked against them i know to make the playoffs
but yeah i mean like we mentioned macho losers didn't know he comes into la where all of a sudden
maybe copacar doesn't have to play against the top lines you know and
it creates this this separation for him from maybe the best checking players on the other team
constantly so we'll see how that works out and then dowdy made it clear to rob blake in the
offseason we got to get better so he's driven we talked about the olympic team arvidsson's there
now so there are many things that could go well for this team but for kopitar to start the season
with three and two on opening night,
it's like, holy shit.
Sometimes a guy gets a start like that, and it creates an entire season.
It sounds crazy, but if all of a sudden through two games you get seven points,
you're playing amazing, you get this confidence level
with some new teammates and new vibe around the room,
who knows what he could do this year.
So I haven't watched any of their games so far.
So for you LA Kings fans, keep us honest.
Tell us what's Deneau doing to relieve some pressure
where if Ause keeps putting up points,
that could have been one of the pickups of the offseason.
And I've always been critical about how, I'm like, what?
That much money for a second-line center
who can't really produce offensively?
I tell you what, maybe I was completely wrong about Deneau what he can do and put the the wet blanket on other teams offense
all right boys a couple more notes before we throw it over to brandon tanov uh vancouver
connects released a statement today uh announcing that defenseman travis
hamanek has been placed on a temporary leave of absence uh the quote the mutually agreed upon
leave of absence will give uh tra the mutually agreed upon leave of absence
will give Travis time as he works through his personal matter,
and there won't be any further comments.
So it's none of our business, but we wish him the best,
whatever he's dealing with, of course.
Congrats to Mike Sullivan, who became the winningest coach
in Pittsburgh Penguins history as well over the last couple days.
I think it was the first or second win.
And let's see.
I think that's about it.
Also head coach of the U.S. Olympic team.
Exciting year for him.
Absolutely, man.
Absolutely.
All right.
Oh, yeah.
Good catch, Whit.
Great mute, though, right before the sneeze by the Whit dog.
All right.
We're going to throw it over to Brandon Tanev,
Seattle Kraken member, in a second.
But first, we want to tell you that this interview is brought to you by OCB Rolling Papers. OCB is the largest rolling paper brand
in the world and has been one with nature, crafted naturally since 1918, so you know they've
perfected the process for a consistently great session time after time. And now's your chance
to join the OCB family forever.
OCB rolling papers are giving a lifetime supply of rolling papers,
cones, and some fresh swag to their loyal fans.
Make sure to check out at OCB underscore USA today on Instagram for a chance to win.
All you have to do is follow at OCB underscore USA on Instagram,
like the OCB high haul post, and tag two friends in the comments to win.
There's also a shortcut on OCBUSA.com slash chicklets with a link to enter on Instagram now.
You must be 21 plus to buy our papers and follow our social accounts.
Good luck with that.
And again, as a person who just discovered these papers in the last year,
can't recommend them enough.
Phenomenal sheets.
Definitely recommend them.
Quick update.
Michael Bunting ties things up for the Toronto Maple Leafs.
Second goal of the season.
I told you fucking guys about this guy.
I told you guys about this guy.
And he might win the Calder.
He might be taking over your Swayman, R.A.
Okay, we'll see what happens.
In the meantime, we're going to throw it over to Seattle Kraken,
Brendan Tannev.
Our next guest was signed by Winnipeg as an undrafted free agent
after four years at Providence College,
where he scored the national championship winning goal in 2015.
He then signed with Pittsburgh before being chosen in this summer's expansion draft,
which means he will be part of the inaugural season of the Seattle Kraken.
Some say he's the crazy-ass killer of the NHL.
Welcome to the Spittin' Chicklets podcast, Brandon Tanev.
How's the new living environment treating you, brother?
It's good so far.
I mean, Seattle's been awesome getting to know all the guys and the city. It's been eye-opening for all of us, but it's good so far i mean uh seattle's been awesome getting to all the
guys and the city it's uh it's been eye-opening for all of us but it's been really good i think
you know pre-season's been good and we're all uh excited to get things going in vegas here in a
couple days how are you taking the jays loss i know you're a big jays guy yeah i mean we were
watching that down to the wire and obviously the redx have to hit a walk-off in the ninth inning there.
A bunch of the boys weren't too happy about that one.
Fuck.
We got a bunch of Boston guys on the podcast here,
so I'm sure they're going to be rubbing it in.
I'm not going to bust it.
I figured they'd be gloating about that one a little bit.
Well, we could say something because they actually beat the scumbag Yankees.
That Garrett Cole, oh, my God, we didn't talk about him.
That's for another day, though.
Who got this guy on the podcast, Biz?
Did you get in touch with him?
Who knows?
Oh, I think Grinelli reached out to him.
Fucking A.G., great job.
Yeah, I saw the horrible tape job on his shin pads,
and I'm like, yeah, that guy with terrible gear wear,
I think he'd fit right in.
Every time I'd turn on my phone,
I'd see something posted by you guys just chirping me as unbelievable.
I don't know what's worse. My sock tape job or business golf swing though.
I can tell you.
Oh, it's disgusting. You can't even move.
Yeah. You and your brother want a piece, couple hammer boys.
Maybe we'll get a course, a course in Hamilton.
We'd take you guys any days. If you're, if you're wearing a visor on the first
tee, I think we've already won the match.
Oh, God. This guy's got some...
Do you chirp like this on the ice
or what?
I try my best to chirp on the ice. I don't know
if anything's good that comes out of my mouth, but I
try to yop a little bit. Well, fuck,
you can back it up, man. I saw a couple of your
highlight reel hits, man. You could throw the weight
around out there, so guys definitely got to keep their head up.
I got to do something right, biz.
Yeah. You got to earn that fucking nice salary. Oh my God.
That deal you signed was great. And even going back to last year,
that hit on Tenorti, that was, that was pretty vicious.
You ended up having one on Kuznetsov as well. So I know,
I know all the Capitals fans out there hate your guts.
Yeah. The battles between Pitt and Washington. I didn't really know what I was getting into there, but I know, I know all the Capitals fans out there hate your guts. Yeah. The battles between Pitt and Washington.
I didn't really know what I was getting into there, but I mean,
those were some fun games. I mean, Sid and Ovi,
and then you're all part of that. That's a, that's an awesome time.
Yeah. I'll suck you right in for sure.
We have to go back and talk about how actually small you were when you were a
freshman in high school, but getting to now and biz talking about your hitting,
that's an already hit.
I actually remember really defending you and thinking that that was just a hard hit like in your mind do
you still look back and think that was exactly what you were kind of taught and have done since
you got to the nhl yeah i mean obviously like you never want to see a guy get injured when you when
you hit somebody that's the last thing that you want to happen i mean especially when it's a play
at the red line like that but i mean i mean, I was taught always to, you know,
give your defenseman a chance to break the puck out.
And in that situation, I mean, see a D-man dumping the puck
and you're just trying to finish your check
and obviously not have anything bad happen to anybody.
And, you know, it's good that he was, you know,
he was not hurting that play.
I'd say the biggest takeaway from that was the gap that you close
and how quick you are at accelerating.
Now, I don't know how involved you were in hockey at a minor level,
but you ended up having a pretty big track career early on, right,
in high school or even before that?
Yeah, I used to run a little bit and stuff like that.
But, I mean, I guess good genetics translate on the ice.
I mean, I don't know.
Never really got into the power skating. They always try to change your stride. like that but i mean i guess a good genetics translate on the ice i mean i don't know never
really got into the power skating and like that they always try to change your stride and i mean
we're such sticklers for what we do on the ice so you never listen to anybody right yeah well
that's what i did that's probably why my stride went to shit and that i mentioned the expansion
of course uh in the introduction were you you bummed out, excited, indifferent about getting claimed? What was your reaction to all that?
Yeah, I think at first it takes a little bit to sink in.
Obviously, over the last two years in Pitt, you make some friends
and you get comfortable in the city where you are.
But I think it's also a great opportunity.
I mean, it's pretty cool to be part of the first-ever team in Seattle
and to be part of the expansion draft.
I mean, I never got drafted, so in that sense, it was kind of cool to go through the whole process, to be part of the expansion draft. I mean, I never got drafted.
So in that sense, it was kind of cool to go through the whole process,
be a part of the event.
And I think it's exciting for all of us that are going to be a part of Seattle.
It's pretty cool.
Those youths are sick.
They do look great on TV.
Yeah, they're nice.
They did a good job with those.
I hear from different guys like Turbo, like this dude doesn't sleep.
He's nonstop.
He never stops going.
Has that been your entire life?
Like no pregame naps, not in college, not in pro, doesn't matter?
Yeah, no pregame naps for me.
I mean, in college we had roommates and I would always just sit in my bed.
I think I was watching like 2012 Tomorrowland videos waiting for the game to happen.
The trailers.
Yeah, I don't know if my roommate was too happy about that,
Kevin Rooney on the Rangers.
But, I mean, I've never been a guy to really nap,
just kind of sit around, watch Netflix,
always kind of buzzing around, high energy,
keep the room light, chirping guys, whatever it is.
I read that you're a big Seinfeld guy,
and Netflix just picked up, I think, the entire series.
So you must be just binging that nonstop.
Oh yeah.
If you ever stuck for something,
just Chuck on a 30 minute episode of Seinfeld,
you get a couple of laughs from Kramer.
No.
Oh,
the best,
one of the best shows of all time.
I actually saw that biz.
Netflix is,
they're like shortening the episodes though.
Oh,
they're cutting some stuff out.
Yeah.
All right.
Is that true?
Yeah. That's what happens when they, they edit edit them when they get bought by these big fucking companies they they
chop it off or they cut they'll cut the scenes on the side like the simpsons they'll the way they
frame it they cut off like the visual jokes because it's it's fucking attention spans have
gone down i don't i'm not sure exactly why but it's horrible that's why the best thing you could
do is buy the old DVDs of shows because
those are still in the original form because I mean,
that's how you want to see it.
You want to see it the way it is 30 years ago,
not fucking edited for politically correct modern times.
Kramer's your favorite character.
Oh yeah, for sure. I mean, you gotta laugh at that guy.
Anytime you see him just walk through the door. I mean, I've had some,
some teammates call me Kramer, you know, sometimes too just goofy coming in all the time like that but i mean
that's that's my guy he's he's fucking hilarious when you and you mentioned tomorrow land so i
would imagine you're a massive techno guy like do you attend festivals you you get the glow sticks
out a couple caps maybe you used to get the glow stick out in high school we all thought we were
part of that electric hero trend or whatever it was but i mean y'all listened at all but
ddm is pretty good i mean it gets gets me buzzing before the game and that's that's all i need right
well wait you had a story uh from ebbs yeah i was gonna say speaking of buzzing before the game so
everly ebbs texts me and he says dude this turbo guy he said we're playing the island uh the
penguins in the playoffs.
And I got to walk by the visiting team's room.
And I show up at four o'clock for a seven o'clock game pretty early.
And this guy is in a full sweat doing lunges in the hallway,
three hours before buck drop.
Yeah.
We were in the Island.
They walk in a bunch of the guys are just coming in their suits and I'm
already drenched sweat.
And I like to get there a little bit early,
get my warmup out of the way so I can just start suing guys in soccer.
So you've never been a nap guy before games. It's rare.
Yeah, no, I can't, I can't shut my eyes. I got a little trouble sleeping.
Well, no shit. We saw your mugshot.
I was waiting for that one to come from you.
Oh, what's the backstory behind all that?
To be honest with you, I think when it happened in Pitt the first time,
I think we were taking the headshots, and I'm standing there,
and I was just clueless, and the guy took a picture, and he's like,
are you good? I'm like, yeah, I'm good.
And he's like, you sure you don't want another one?
I'm like, no, I'm all good. He's like, you sure?
And I'm like, what the hell kind of picture did this guy take of me?
And I'm like, no, it's all good. So the he's like, you sure? And I'm like, like, what the hell kind of picture did this guy take of me? And I'm like, no, it's all good.
So next day, our team services lady, she comes up to me.
She's like, Tan, do you want to retake your picture?
I'm like, what do I need to retake my picture for?
I'm sure it's fine.
Like, she's like, you sure?
She kept asking me that.
I'm like, no, I'm good.
Like, I don't, I don't want to go through that whole process
again, take the time to do it.
So I'm just like, let's fly with it.
And then next day it comes out.
And I guess that's why everyone was asking me 15 times.
Like, do you want to retake your picture?
You became a household name because of your mugshot with the penguins.
And then my brother said, I think you saw a ghost.
So we just, we went, we ran with the story.
It's just like, why not?
You know what I mean?
I don't know how many guys see ghosts, you know, in 21st century,
but I guess I did.
Speaking of your brother,
you ended up getting invited to Vancouver to like attend their camp,
but then you ended up declining
and ended up going over to Providence College, correct?
Yeah, I went there for one of those development camps
when I was younger.
And then I was playing out that way juniors in BC.
So it was go out that way and be close to my brother
so I could watch as many games as I could.
And then I ended up headed out to Providence
for four years, which was awesome. That was a ended up headed out to Providence for four years,
which was awesome.
That was a great time there.
And Providence is a great city, but how'd you end up settling on that?
You know what, to be honest with you,
I was committed to Union in the first place,
but I couldn't get in academically.
I wouldn't have enough.
My SAT scores weren't good enough to get in there.
And then the coach, Nate Lehman, switched to Providence,
and then it was just like an easy transition.
So I was able to get in there academically somehow.
Now, Nate Lehman's a guy that players love to play for.
I know he's been moving up the ladder, talking about an NHL job.
What did he bring out of you that you didn't have maybe before?
I mean, he was awesome for us, us all the guys there really taught us how to
work hard and and play the game the right way i mean we really didn't have too many skilled guys
and uh in providence i mean mark jankowski first round pick we had some other guys as well but i
mean for the most part all of us were kind of just kind of two-way players get the pocket deep and
and see what happens and i mean you know we end up winning national championship and had a great four years there.
We've got some, made some good friends and, you know,
we still all keep in touch and have a boys trip every summer.
I want to go back to that 2015 national championship game.
Sorry for the trigger one and wet BU, but what are you guys thinking?
After O'Connor muffs that to tie the game? I mean,
I've never seen a muff like that quite like a goalie before.
I mean, what is the bench thinking?
I mean, what's going on?
To be honest with you, I think we were all shocked as everyone else.
I mean, one of the D-men flipped it in and we were just like,
oh, did that really go in?
And we're just like, boy, it's like, that's one more
and we got the Maddie championship here.
You know what I mean?
I mean, it's one of those situations, you know,
you're happy because you're the team that scores the goal.
And then it's just like, holy shit, like what the hell just happened?
I don't even know if we could digest it all.
Yeah.
And you scored about, I think, two minutes later.
I remember I was on that goal line for that game being a big BU guy,
but it was a pretty incredible hockey game.
Like nonetheless, like it was, it was very entertaining.
Just sucked to have to see that kid go through that.
But I mean, it was, it was funny. Providence really came on the scene while you were there and you look at It was very entertaining. It just sucked to have to see that kid go through that.
But, I mean, it was funny.
Providence really came on the scene while you were there.
And you look at that team.
They had, what is it, Jankowski?
Who else?
Rooney?
You?
Achari.
Achari, yeah.
Florida, yeah.
We had a good group of guys there.
I mean, they renovated the rink there for us.
I think our freshman year, we didn't even have hot water after our practices when we were showering up to go to class. But I mean,
they did a transformation of that whole program and we were lucky to be a part
of it with that rink they put in there. It was awesome.
And then you see this senior season ends and you go right to Winnipeg,
sign that undrafted free agent deal.
That's quite the whirlwind going from a college campus in Providence to the
Hintalins of Winnipeg.
Yeah. I mean, it was one of those things where all my buddies were asking,
like, why are you signing in Winnipeg, like, you know, of all places?
And I guess it's just one of those things where situation worked out,
it fit pretty good, and, you know, I guess, like, a good way to make a name
for yourself and get to the NHL as fast as you can.
And when you talk about growing up in the game,
that's what I kind of wanted to get into is that you were so small,
I was reading, that you actually just like took a year or two
or maybe even more off of competitive hockey.
Is that the case?
Yeah, I quit from 15 to 19, didn't even play competitive hockey.
I mean, my brother and I were super late bloomers.
I think my freshman year in high school super late bloomers I think my my freshman
year in high school I might have been like four foot ten like my backpack was filled with all my
books it was probably half the size of me and then you know we kind of like late bloomers I think my
my senior year in high school I almost grew like a full foot so we were we were pretty small and
you know fortunate enough to to get some opportunities and to be where I am, I guess, is a good way to put it.
So once you gain that size, then you end up just getting back involved.
Like, did your brother maybe push you a little bit to get playing again?
Yeah, I think he went through that whole same process.
And, you know, he got a scholarship and ended up signing with Vancouver after his freshman year.
So, I mean, you're looking at it that there's some light at the end of the tunnel.
And had some good opportunities, played junior got a scholarship and then we had a great team over my four years
at school in Providence so I was lucky to be a part of a good program and have good opportunity
there and you had some characters on that Winnipeg squad I mean Big Buff he's a guy's name we bring
up all the time anybody who played with, what was that experience like for you?
Buff's still one of my good friends.
He was unbelievable. I think my first ever day in Winnipeg, I flew in,
and they were playing the Senators that night.
And that was a night where he rocked Mark Stone, just obliterated him.
And he came back into the dressing room.
I was just sitting in the lounge, and he walked by, and he's like,
you see, kid, that's what happens when you have your fucking head down.
And I'm just like, Holy fuck.
That's unbelievable.
And then you end up playing with our boy hazy there as well.
When he ended up coming over in that trade for, for a short period of time.
Yeah. Hazy was awesome. We traded for him and you know,
he would be a big piece for us going down the stretch there.
Obviously we ended up losing that year in the first round,
but it was nice to get to know Hazy.
Hazy's a beauty.
What a great guy he is.
You know, I ended up staying a couple nights at his apartment in New York City
in the summertime.
Let me use it.
But he's a gem.
What was it like playing in Winnipeg where it's like so hockey-focused?
There's really nothing in the town taking its focus away from the hockey team.
Like, is it hard to just go live like a normal guy,
like where you're out for dinner and you're getting hounded by fans
or are you kind of a little bit of a recluse?
Yeah, obviously it's not the greatest city to live,
but I mean, to play hockey, it's unbelievable.
That run we had going to the conference finals that year against Vegas,
that was incredible.
All the fans, the building, the city,
like there were like thousands
of people on the streets like before the games just getting shit-faced and all the beer tends
they had I lived across the street from the rink um that year so you're walking through that whole
parade kind of get to the rink and it was crazy I mean just get you going right before you get to
the rink it was nice another guy you play with he's no longer there but he seems to be somewhat
of an enigma.
We're not sure if he's going to be a superstar or what, but is Patrick Lainey.
What was he like playing with in the room or whatnot?
Yeah, Patty was awesome. I mean, obviously he's got one of the best shots probably in the game today.
I think, you know, maybe just a little misunderstood as a young guy coming in,
but, you know, he was so good for us.
I think his first year he scored, like, I think 40 goals,
something like that.
I mean, it was him in the first game we played.
I think we played the Leafs when Matthews and Laine
obviously drafted one, two, and I think Matthews might have had two,
and then Patty had a hat trick or four goals,
and then the OT winner.
So it was like  and that was one of his, like, first games
into the season.
It's just like, holy shit, this kid can play, can shoot the puck.
When you say misunderstood, you just mean maybe his laid-back attitude
transfers as people accept it as he just doesn't maybe give a fuck
or he's just  what's misunderstood about him?
No, I think Batty cares a lot.
Obviously, he cares about his game a lot and wants to help the team
any way he can.
I think it's tough for a kid to come over 18 years old from you know different country and you know new settings new
environment for him and i think you know just uh he was awesome though like you know i think that
maybe that's in that sense he was just uh that's just how he is like you know i mean he's so
confident like he's such a good player so that's just like his demeanor and stuff on the ice and
you can see it how he plays i mean one of the goals he scored the other night in the preseason just kind of yeah he's just
like so smooth up the ice and it's it's a highlight real goal and that's that's how patty plays like
he's so good still rocking that neck guard he's got that weird is it attached to his shoulder pads
or something like what is that little thing no that that's a that's a full neck guard he's got
underneath there i don't know he might wash it With the Velcro in the back, too?
Him and Tom Green rocking the neck guards playing.
He's got the Velcro in the back and everything.
I guess if you're used to something, just why not keep it, no?
Yeah, exactly.
You want to keep the same thing.
Hey, I got to go back quickly, though.
It's the years you didn't play, 15 to 19.
You're not playing on a team, but are you skating,
like keeping skill up or in the summer
you didn't just go away for four years and not play hockey at all right i mean i'd go play
pond hockey shinny hockey uh at some outdoor rinks in in toronto with my buddies after school i was
just working a normal job after school in high school and just kind of when you have whenever
you have free time just go to the rink with your buddies and shoot the shit, play some pond hockey, have a good time,
and just kind of enjoy your youth.
And, I mean, thankfully it all worked out.
You know, crazy situation.
That is crazy.
I mean, you step away from the game and then, like,
were you as shocked as anyone where you ended up getting that offer
from Pittsburgh?
And, you know, I don't want to say I was surprised.
You know, I know you had some game.
But, like, that was a fucking nice, healthy contract at the time just under 20 million bucks right yeah i mean obviously
uh it's it was a good situation for me i mean we had a we had a lot of interest you know going to
free agency and um you know spoke to pittsburgh earlier in the week and end up saying you know
they were going to try to trade some players and if they were were able to, we can sign you and get you under contract.
And everything worked out.
It was one of those things where it was just kind of, you know,
happened and happy to go to Pittsburgh.
That was a great time, meet some great friends and, you know,
have a great opportunity there.
Do you think that like maybe taking some time away from the game has given
you more of a laid back approach to it to where you maybe didn't feel the
pressure of getting all that money and now the pressure to perform for that contract yeah i mean i think stepping away from
the game is it's probably one of the toughest things i mean you love the game you want to keep
playing all your buddies are playing growing up but i think at the same time it was just as good
it's just as important you know step away and enjoy your youth you're not always at the rink
you're not always you know focused and you know, stuck in this world of hockey.
It was one of those things where you're able to get away from it and kind of relax and
ease until your, you know, your youth, your teenage years.
And at the same time, you know, when the opportunity presents itself, you know, hopefully
everything goes well.
And when you get back into hockey.
You know, you're a guy that as the league changes and becomes so fast and
obviously a little softer and a little different, I mean, you're able to keep up with your skating
and how quick you are. And then also you bring that physicality that every team's looking for.
They may not all admit it, but every team wants guys like that. So when you get to Pittsburgh,
you have a good start. Is that just because you know, right away what you need to do the time?
Like, I feel like you're a player, the city loves, loves you where you play. So it's easier for you to know just go and do your role hit hard and then all of a sudden
offense comes even a little easier yeah i think for sure i think my game really doesn't change
and i mean i'm not going to go out there and score 40 goals score 80 points i go out there
with the same mindset every game just try to help the team in any way i can whether that's you know
big head blocking shots or you know scoring a goal or making some plays I think that all comes you know secondary to to understanding
what you need to do first and that's you know be a role player and and then everything else
should come after I think that's the the mindset you got to have when you're in that kind of role
did Gino ever learn your name
I remember my my first rookie party I was sitting beside him and he's just like
poking me asking me which guy's name are because we're going around the table
and i'm like i'm i'm a new guy there too and he would just yell at me turbo turbo he would just
yell at me like that i'm just like hopefully he knows my name but he'd say suka or something
you know i mean something in russian so it's nice to know they're keeping the tradition of fucking around them at rookie parties making sure he knows every guy there
and and he's cramming for the exam he's got his phone out staring at people's faces making sure
he knows when it comes around hey i want to go back to what you said you said you got a just a
regular job between the ages of 15 and 19 when you took some time away what were
you doing for work so i worked at a grocery store for a couple years and then i worked at golf town
actually so i was uh just after school i'd pick up a couple shifts or whatever and then go from
there well maybe my fucking swing would be so shitty if i got the simulator at golf town
you should you should have took that up in your early years because i've seen your swing it's
something fucking terrible hey so what's what my mechanics as far as what my backswing or just everything
about it well with the stick you should be helping you i don't know if i can i can help you
my swing's nothing pretty either i gotta study just like gino i gotta study to memorize all
these names for tnt now buddy i don't want to be fucking butchering them on national television
with wayno by my side yeah i don't know if you want to do that one hey uh turbo i called him i facetimed him the other
day and he answers and the thing is just on wayne gretzky he's just hanging with him i was like ah
i was as flustered as i've ever been i was like biz is fucking hanging out with gretzky at an
airport and i'm facetiming this clown yeah that's a nice life you got there, eh, Biz?
Let me tell you about my best friend. He's going to have a restraining order on me in three weeks.
Like Robin Big.
We were riding scooters when we were in Atlanta together.
But, hey, here's another one.
You ended up getting picked up by Seattle.
You're not a coffee drinker, so you may not be hitting up the Starbucks.
Yeah, I mean, every day you got guys
walking in there with massive massive iced coffees i'm not really a big coffee guy if i if i be if i
if i'm having one maybe just like an espresso shot or something like that but i'm not going to sit
there and and drink a coffee and shoot the ball and stuff like that how did how did you guys uh
figure out where in seattle you wanted to live like was there people with the team that helped
everyone find out find a place to get after you got picked in the draft yeah they were good
with that they they hooked us up with um with a real estate agent and she kind of laid the lands
for all of us and kind of you know i was fortunate enough we had a couple guys in the building down
we are here um near the game ring so there's a couple of us in here but you know she was awesome
like telling us like what areas to look,
what areas to be in teams.
I wouldn't say they're too spread out,
but everything's pretty close in Seattle,
you know,
20 minute drive places.
So that was awesome to help us out with that.
I mean,
we're all coming in new places.
So it's one of those things where you kind of got to get dialed in
before you get into the city.
You going to the game tonight?
Yeah.
All the boys are going to the game tonight.
We're all,
we're all raising the 12-man flags.
That should be a good, nice Thursday night matchup.
All right, I love that.
How's the Squid Squad looking so far?
You guys having playoff expectations or what?
You've got a pretty good squad there.
Yeah, I mean, I think that's the goal for all of us.
I mean, we want to, you know, you don't go into the season
not hoping to make the playoffs or push for the Stanley Cup.
I think we've got a competitive team.
We've had a good preseason so far here and then, you know,
get things going in Vegas early next week. That's going to be exciting.
You know,
I think it's pretty cool to expansion teams playing one of the first games
of the season. And obviously that, that building in Vegas is always rocking.
So everyone will have their adrenaline and juices flowing for that.
And you guys have put together quite a few crafty players.
Like who's the one guy just so far in training camp where you're like,
holy shit, I didn't fucking realize how good this guy was as a player.
Yeah, I think Wennie, Alex Wenberg, he's got some unbelievable skill.
I mean, you see it in some of the games and the practices.
And he's  I mean, I played against Ebbs, you know,
in that division in the Metro.
Witt would have played with him too.
I actually was talking to him trying to get some dirt and some stories on Witt to bring up.
Nothing you can talk on here now.
I'm married with kids.
They got fucking no ammo.
I'll let them use.
I got final cut rights.
So he wasn't giving too many stories.
But I think, you know, obviously Ebs is so skilled.
So skilled.
Schwartz, he's a smart player, too.
He's crafty.
But I think Wennie probably, for me, was like one of the guys I didn't really know
because he didn't play against him too much.
He's got some crazy skill.
Was he in Columbus?
I think he was in Florida last year, but he was in Columbus previously.
Yeah, yeah.
I mean, torts will bury that skill in no time.
So that's probably why you never realized that.
Playing hockey with the wrong-handed stick with him.
Yeah.
You basically got, I mean, two number one goalies
or at least a one and a 1A right now.
I mean, a Vezina finalist last year
and a guy who pretty much stole a number one guy's job last year.
Yeah, Driggs and Gruby are both unbelievable goaltenders.
Obviously, Gruby was great in WASH
and then obviously real good in
Colorado. Then we got Driggs
from Florida, too. An unbelievable year.
We've got some great goaltending here, which is good
for us early
in the season, lean on those guys a lot.
They're both great guys.
They're hell of a goaltenders.
I want to jump back to Winnipeg for a sec.
Paul Maurice, a coach who's been around for a long
time. What was your relationship with him like?
Did he help your game?
Was he good for you?
I love Paul.
You know, Mo was awesome for me.
He gave me a great opportunity to kind of establish myself
and into a role that I wanted to play.
And, you know, nothing bad to say about Paul.
He was great.
I think we had great teams when I was there, too.
You know, Western Conference Finals, we made the playoffs a lot. I think we had a, we had great teams when I was there too, you know, Western conference finals, we made the playoffs a lot.
And I think he, he really helped my game a lot. You know,
he's might not be the most approachable guy when you meet him for the first
time, but he's unbelievable.
Really? I would have thought the opposite.
He seems like the type of coach where you can go into his office and have
like a full blown conversation with him.
Cause when he does these press conferences,
he usually articulates like very, very well. very well and he seems like a deep thinker
yeah he was i mean i try not to go to the coach's office uh i try to stay away away from that
hallway as much as i can but i mean even in between uh periods he'd come in with a massive
bomb in his upper lip every period he'd be talking for like five six minutes just a massive bomb in his upper lip every period he'd be talking for like five six minutes just a massive
bomb in his upper lip and not spitting either just yeah i want one of those covid shields on
oh my god yeah i know the first time i saw that i'm like holy shit like look at the size that
chewy's got it it was fucking massive yeah it's and then and then obviously you go over to uh
hackstall who, I mean,
I guess some of the word when he was in Philadelphia is the adjustment
from coming from college and the way that you interact with the players
and you control the leadership group.
I don't know how it went over in Philadelphia,
but how has it been since he's been with you guys
and how he's approached coaching with the Seattle Kraken?
Yeah, I think he's been great so far.
It's nice to work under him.
He's a great hockey mind, and I think he's done a great job so far
early in the preseason and training camp.
And obviously, he's got a great pedigree in coaching and NHL
and previously in college with a lot of success there.
So I think we're all really excited to have him behind the bench.
Is Gio pretty much the godfather of the room?
Yeah, he's definitely the godfather of the room.
I mean, my brother played with G in Calgary and said nothing but great things.
And he's unbelievable.
He's still a heck of a player.
He gets up and down, you know, great skill, sees the ice,
and he's got an unbelievable shot.
So it's nice to have an older guy who can still play extremely well
in the locker room and help some of the younger guys
and some of the other defensemen on the team.
Yeah, he's just a machine in the gym too.
Considering it's an expansion team,
is somebody hesitant in the locker room to grab the aux cord
and be the DJ?
Who ends up getting the DJ?
Yeah, there's some days we don't even have music right now in the locker room because we haven't established that yet so
it's uh we got to figure out our our pre-games we've just been doing the big booty volume mix
i think for the for the game days i think that's probably a staple around the league for most teams
but no one's really grabbed the aux cord yet we got to figure that one out would that would would
you be the type of guy to do that?
Or are you like to focus more on the game leading into it?
He's warming up at three o'clock, dude.
He's got the Tomorrowland mix going.
You got a big fucking big screen in the, in the middle of the room.
Maybe I'll just put a projector in the middle of the room.
We'll just have Tomorrowland 2012.
Yeah.
Get the fog machine going with the light show.
That'll get everybody going. I think, for sure.
But you got the old school ACDC shirt on, dude.
Did you get some old school tunes going or what?
Do the young guys know it?
I'm a big 70s guy, especially when I'm on the golf course.
You know, that's the best kind of music.
Maybe that's what you got to do, Biz.
Play some nice music out of your bag.
Hey, I've asked to play music on all of those, and Grunelli and Biz say no.
No, we can't get the rights yeah we got a youtube channel that has 188 000 people subscribe we're not like sony
music here who are your top 570s bands uh i like fleetwood uh eagles are good. Jeez.
Leonard Skitter.
There's a lot.
I'm pretty good with, like, I'm easy going.
It goes, you know, whatever you're going to play to me.
Honestly, I'm in the mood for anything country, you know, 70s, rap,
you know, EDM, whatever's clever.
I mean, whatever's on the aux cord is what I'm listening to.
But if I'm golfing or laying low, it's definitely 70s.
I think we've talked about it on the podcast before, R.A.
The Eagles, they have an unreal documentary that's out.
Yeah.
It's long, but it's incredible.
I didn't know the whole back story and the riffling between the bandmates and stuff like that, but I don't know if you've checked it out, Tan.
I'd recommend it.
Yeah, what's that on?
I got to check that out.
Yeah, it's a two-part, two hours each part.
I could try to look it up while we're talking.
But I also wanted to ask, you were talking about your movies and killing time because you don't take naps.
What else do you like to watch when you're streaming?
More movies or more TV shows?
Yeah, I'd probably say movies or TV shows.
When I'm sitting on the couch, the days can get long.
So you just put on Netflix or Amazon or one of those streaming things and just whatever catches your eye i was watching that that last dance documentary was pretty good with mj that
was uh that was unreal and then kathy and i ended up getting to play the grove um this past summer
and uh and that was it was nuts to go you know you'll see and he wasn't there but that uh is one
of his best buddies that george the older. He was actually sitting in the clubhouse having lunch.
So we chatted with him a little bit.
Here's some stories.
And that was nuts.
Grove 23.
Whit, you've played that course.
Oh, yeah.
I played with MJ.
Got dusted by him, too, dude.
He fucking played.
We played 36 holes with him.
On a par 5, the 17th hole, second 18, all this action going.
I hit the green in two.
He's over the green in two, like dead short-sighted.
He chips it up to like three feet.
I pop my pot just inside him.
He buries the three-footer for birdie.
I miss.
He goes, that's right, bitch.
That is funny.
The course is sick, dude.
It's one of the best experiences I've ever had playing golf.
The caddies are on these little motorcycle scooters.
I actually have one of them, a Pink Whitney one.
They just bomb around to each ball, and you're flying around on your own cart.
It's an absolute gong show.
It's a great time.
Yeah, anything goes over there.
You can play barefoot.
Oh, yeah.
It's like those Discoveryland properties, too i don't think you need i don't
think there's golf dress codes there yeah it was i mean it was unbelievable capping i get to play
that we were riding around those motorcycle things too those things are unbelievable
did you ever get into on ice battles with your brother like you guys like you guys talk to each
other like day of a game if you're playing against each other no to be honest I don't really I try to keep I try not to use my phone but we'll chat a little
bit and warm up and stuff like that but I don't mean he's usually playing against like the first
and second liners so he's really never on the ice against me on the fourth line so he's always up
there uh playing against other teams top players but I mean I think once or twice we've been on
the ice and hit him a little bit but try not to to get it in too hard or else my mom's going to be calling me
after the game yelling at me, what am I doing?
So if he's Tenorti, you're easing up a little bit.
I'm easing up a little bit.
I don't know if I'm easing up the whole way.
Fucking tummy sticks.
Tummy sticks.
Hey, so you said fourth line.
Are you slurring the third line or are you not really sure?
Are things changing at camp?
What's the deal?
Yeah, I mean, I think everything is really a work in progress right now
with our team.
Obviously, we have new bodies everywhere.
So, I think the coaches are figuring things out
and different line combinations, you know, every day of practice,
trying to get some chemistry and confidence like that.
So, we'll see what happens in the start of the season.
But I think, you know, we've got a good-looking lineup here.
So, I think we're all excited about that just enough how far is the practice rank
from where you guys live it's like 10 minutes nothing so this is a nice setup man for a guy
to play in the nhs seems like it's going to be a good city with how many fans there are and how
close everything is yeah i mean all i've heard about coming down here is how much it's going to
rain and how damp it's going to be.
I think it's rained once or twice.
I mean, we've had unbelievable weather.
Like, there's so much to do.
Like, there's great golf courses out there.
You go hike in the mountains, the surroundings, and the food is unbelievable.
Some of the restaurants in the city are out of control.
And isn't the arena, I know it's really old, but they just renovated it.
It's basically underground.
Like, you enter it at street level and kind of walk down into it.
Is that correct?
Yeah, the roofs, I think, level ground.
Then you go down like 66 feet or something like that.
I think it's going to be one of the best places to play in the league.
I think it's going to be jumping.
It's going to be super loud.
Yeah.
I mean, the Supersonics played in the NBA there back in the 70s,
so it's an old place, but they've really renovated it.
Quite a job.
As far as that history of the Eagles, Doc, if you did want to check it out it's streaming on amazon you got to rent it for four bucks but
it's well worth it i don't know i think i think it's paid for it estro is pretty high right now
i don't know maybe maybe we'll uh what do i have here oh uh i've been messing a lot of these ups
uh as far as things i've been digging up online. Why did Jane Kowski refer to you as HOSA in college?
Yeah. You know what? I don't even know.
I think one night we were out or something like that.
We were doing something in the locker room and someone called me HOSA.
And then ever since in college, it's stuck.
So with all the Providence guys, they always, they called me a HOSA.
And then I was rusty in Winnipeg and then turbo and pittsburgh and seattle now
why rusty when i got to winnipeg um i dropped my stuff off of the equipment room and and buffs in
there digging through all my shit and i i we only got like one set of gear in in college i think
the the rivets on my skates they were so beat to shit and they were bleeding rust everywhere and he just
called me rusty and they just stuck oh man what was your favorite non-hockey pot at providence
uh i think you know how close we were to boston i mean it was we were we were like 50 minutes away
from boston so we could go see the bruins we go see the red socks and then we had foxborough right
down the street too from us so i mean so many great sporty events and you know we were fortunate enough to have a lot of guys in our
team who had some connections you know if we ever needed tickets for you know pats games ruins games
or socks games so we were pretty spoiled to be in that area to go see all those events plus you
couldn't beat the food in providence man yeah that's uh yeah that's unbelievable oh some of the best restaurants in the northeast yeah
yeah andino's chicken parm with the pink sauce oh hey all right i'm actually i'm looking at this
climate change arena it is sick though it's it's not tall at all you go all the way into the ground
like the building doesn't even look big yeah it's wild that's all or tall i'm saying
this looks really cool yeah it's gonna be sweet i think it's a good setup like i don't even know
how lucky we are to have that build it's we got two jumbotrons in the ring too i think it's gonna
be different for everybody and it's gonna be jumping it'll be so loud i think we'll get a
taste that tonight at the seahawks game with the fans how loud they are oh man hey the eagles are
actually coming there november 5th and 6th.
You're probably on the road, though.
If we're in town, busy coming out or what?
Yeah, maybe I'll...
Yeah, if you're buying the tickets.
We refer to the
fan base as the crackheads around here.
Is that something that the team said to
maybe avoid as far as
naming the fan base the crackheads?
We haven't spoke about that yet, but anytime we start, you know,
we say something, we're just like, let's get crack it or something like that.
You know, but we haven't,
we haven't really talked about what the, what the fan base is going to be
called, but I guess you've just, you know, set it up right there.
The crack.
That's our basically our fan bases have the same nickname biz,
the crack and the chicklets given.A., by the way.
Yeah, well, it's all because of Tanner's pitch with the wild eyes.
All jokes, all jokes, all jokes, yeah.
Well, listen, man, I hope we can get up there soon.
I'm dying.
I've never been to Seattle.
I know the boys want to get a road trip up there at some point,
so I don't know if you fellas had anything else you wanted to ask or what?
No, man.
Good luck.
I think it's going to be a great year.
32 teams now.
And now you guys already got a little rivalry with the Vancouver Canucks.
Unfortunately, your brother's not there anymore.
But I would imagine you guys are going to draw a ton of fans and grow the game.
And we're very excited to watch.
Yeah, it's going to be exciting. I appreciate you guys having me on here.
All right. If you and Whit want to come on,
I'll definitely leave you guys some tickets, but biz,
you're going to have to pay for yours.
COD. You're going to leave him COD for me.
If it's free, it's for me.
I don't know how good your brother is at golf,
but we'd love to challenge you guys in a sandbagger.
Unless of course you want another partner.
I mean, if he wants to do it, we're definitely up for it.
But I think Schwartzy wanted me to ask you guys.
We can get a Sandbagger out here in Seattle, me and Schwartzy versus you two guys.
Done.
There we go, bud.
We've got a bunch of crackheads there, too.
Let's do this.
There you go.
We'll have the pressure on you.
Crackheads would be perfect.
Yeah.
Got to try some of that Pacific Northwest green one.
All right.
Hey, Turbo, good luck this year.
Looking forward to watching you guys play.
And thanks for joining us.
Interesting story.
Good luck with everything.
I appreciate you guys.
You know, all the best.
And thanks for having me out.
I'll see you on the first tee with my visor on, you fuckhead.
Yeah, we know how to get in this head, biz.
Yeah.
I'm going right to the clubhouse and buying you a hat.
You can't golf with that bucket.
I'll wear the Pink Whitney bucket hat then.
That's better.
Hey, good luck, my friend, this year.
Your brother's got better salad, by the way.
Fuck you.
Fuck it.
Thank you so much to Brandon Tanev of Kraken.
It is so bizarre that kid did not play hockey from 15 to 19.
It's in the NHL, a wild story, but that's why they call the man Turbo.
I need to talk to you guys about a little company called G4,
the best shoe in the golf game.
So comfortable, game-changing.
It's all about balance and how your feet feel on the ground playing golf,
and G4 does just that.
They have the new shoe.
It's a luxury golf brand, by the way.
G4, they released their latest, and it's the G-Drive.
It's available in three unique colors to fit any golfer's style.
The G-Drive is totally different from other G4 shoes
because it features a new quick cable lacing system
in place of traditional laces,
which helps to more evenly distribute tension
and lets you customize your ideal fit.
Tension's the worst word in golf.
You cannot have tension and play good golf.
That's why this shoe is so money.
Their style is entirely waterproof and boasts a non-slip outsole
and improved stability.
So you know you're prepared for any type of weather.
And the G-Drive also features G4's ultra-comfortable footbed
that massages your feet with every step.
Go from the street to the course with ease. You can wear the shoe anywhere and check out
g4.com slash chicklets. That's G-F-O-R-E.com for 10 off your first order. And speaking of golf,
congrats to Rory McIlroy. The man wins again. The man that's been doubted over the past few years,
and it's certainly been a little bit of a struggle for a guy at his level.
It's looked like he maybe hasn't enjoyed himself that much.
He had a really tough Ryder Cup, but he won this week in Vegas.
I think it was at the Summit Club for his 20th PGA Tour victory.
For biz and non-golf fans that don't know, if you win 20 times on tour,
you're a lifetime member of the PGA Tour.
Get the fuck out of here.
Wow, good for him. 20 wins, but you become a lifetime member of the pga tour get the fuck out of here 20 times wow
good for 20 wins but you become a lifetime member on tour it's just an i mean it makes total sense
that i don't have the list of men who have done that but it's few and far between so this guy and
he had some pretty cool quotes after you know it has been it has been just a trying time for him
he has a family now and it's he he said after the he said, I need to just be me. I think for the last few months, I was maybe trying to be someone else
to try and get better. And I sort of realized that being me is enough and I can do things like this.
I don't need to search for anything. It's all right here. And it's in these individual sports.
It's crazy to think that you can see other competitors in tennis, golf, whatever it may be
that, Oh my God, look how this guy hits the ball.
Look how this guy's able to pot. I need to do it like that.
I need to be like more like this guy.
Rory's openly said like when D Shambo added all this distance, he,
he thought he needed to, and he tried to, and he talked about distance.
And I think in the end, you look, he shot 25 under this week, he wins.
And it just shows like i am as good
as anyone else when i just concentrate on the things that i do great and what got me here
you know when you when you're 12 years old playing any sport you're not thinking you're just going
out and you're doing it you're loving what you do and i think that probably in a sense rory got
away from who he was and who what made him so special so to see those quotes from somebody
that that's that accomplished,
it just shows that it can happen to anyone.
When a little doubt creeps in, a little questioning yourself,
maybe a little jealousy what other players have.
I know being a hockey player, you try to compare yourself to others
and you want to be as good as somebody you looked up to be
or you're playing against.
And in the end, it can almost crush you as an athlete.
You can't compare yourself to others.
It's the worst thing you can do in sports.
You can try to learn from others, but to compare and try to be someone else,
it gets you away from what really made you great.
The other golf-related topic I have is this viral clip of golf in Africa.
It is wild.
I don't know if we can tweet it out or put it on our Instagram,
but this golf course, you got cheetahs on the tee box.
You got elephants on the green.
You got rhinoceros.
What are they called?
Rhinoceros?
Rhinoceros.
Rhinoceros.
Jesus Christ.
I combined a rhinoceros with a dinosaur.
And I want to play golf in Africa.
I would say the most petrifying animal you could ever run across is,
what is it, RA?
They live in water.
Hippo. Hippos.
Hippos. Holy shit. If you don't want to see an animal on a golf course, now
maybe hippos aren't as deadly out of the
water as they are when they're in the water.
No, I think they are, Whit. If you dumped one
in the hazard, Teddy
Purcell, you went to get your ball in Africa,
and all of a sudden, a hippo is sitting
on your face. You're dead.
So I love the clip. I'd love to experience golf in Africa.
Australia is my number one, but Africa now is number two
because if I get to see an elephant cleaning my ball next to the green like a caddy would,
I'd be the happiest person on earth.
That's my golf talk.
They got the hyena hole.
Hyena?
Hyena hole.
There's hyenas out there?
There's hyenas on the fairway.
Hyenas are the scumbags of the plains.
Oh, they'll steal your ball and try to sell it back to you.
They're the islanders of Africa.
Hyenas have a 2,000 pounds per square inch fucking teeth.
Harden?
It's 2,000 pounds per square inch, the strength of a hyena bite,
which is obscene.
It's wicked crazy.
Once they bite you, it goes.
The piranha of the plane.
Would that be a good breakdown?
The piranhas of the plane.
Now, you might be done with the golf
talk whip, but I'm not.
10F.
You come on my fucking podcast
and you chirp my backswing after working
at Golf Town for five fucking years.
Apparently he's a stick, too, and he's coming at you.
I'm going to come into your city.
I'm going to beat you.
And I'm going to take a dump on the 18th tee box
and you can clean up my shit, you motherfucker.
I'm closing that motherfucker out with my G-drives.
You can blame it on the bamboo.
Hey.
By the way.
I'm getting better.
Hey, if you worked at Golf Town instead of running around the O,
being an O guy.
That's what I'm saying. You might an O guy, you might have money.
You might have Ernie Els action.
You shouldn't be coming at my boy, my partner.
That's what I'm saying.
So fuck you, Tanev.
You and your bug eyes, boy.
I'm going to get you.
Let's keep it going, baby.
All right, a couple more hockey notes for you.
We want to say congratulations to Katie Gay,
who was the first woman to referee an AHL game over the weekend.
Congrats, Katie.
Well done.
There's going to be several other women following her footsteps soon.
I think it was 10 women the AHL allocated to become referees
and lineswomen for the league.
And I've been reading there's shortages of referees all over the place.
Massachusetts, their parents are so fucking idiotic here
that there's a shortage of referees
because the parents are such fucking assholes to the referees.
It is so embarrassing.
I'm glad you brought this up.
This is a fucking joke.
And our boys, Brian Yandel and Mike Motto,
have been really covering it on the rink shrinks.
They deal with a lot of youth hockey-type stories.
And the pathetic display of parents in Massachusetts.
Pathetic.
and the pathetic display of parents in Massachusetts.
Pathetic.
You are the biggest piece of shit if you're a kid.
If you're yelling at a ref in an arena,
and I'm going to say there isn't at least 1,000 people watching the game,
you're a scumbag.
If you want to do it at a USHL game, a college game, an AHL game, NHL, and there's thousands of fans, yell at the ref all you want.
If you're at a little kid's game or a high school game, NHL, and there's thousands of fans. Yell at the ref all you want. If you're at a little kid's game or a high school game,
you are an absolute dirtbag yelling at a ref who, chances are,
could be volunteering.
If they're not volunteering, they're not making much money,
and you need them to play the game.
The state of Massachusetts is pathetic.
There are so many loser parents out there yelling at
referees who are doing this on their spare time and they're making complete fools out of themselves
and it's at the point now where the state doesn't even have enough refs there was a game this
weekend the refs didn't show up they didn't have refs so you know what a dad did a dad begrudgingly
went on the ice and ref the game himself you know know what this fucking goon did, a parent of the other team?
The parent of the goalie on the other team.
So this dude's son is in the game on one team, and he goes out to ref.
The parent of the goalie on the other team didn't like a call the ref made,
took his kid out of net, left the game, they had to cancel.
Loser moves by loser people.
What a fucking loser who make
absolute losers out of themselves and are not only being complete clowns embarrassing themselves with
their idiotic and childish behavior at games they're they're hurting the kids who don't even
have refs for their games now so what a pathetic time in the state of massachusetts hockey to have
this many scumbag parents yelling at screaming at refs who really deserve none of that.
Because every single person who's ever refereed a game will tell you it's not that fucking easy.
And when you have people screaming at you from the stands, when there's 40 people in the arena, you really wonder, why am I doing this?
So straighten up, Massachusetts parents.
Keep your mouth shut.
Rip on the fucking refs all you want after the game to your friends
or to the guy sitting next to you in the stand that you're watching your kids play with.
Or even if you want to be a dirtbag, you could be in the car on the way home and say,
you know, you got screwed over.
That ref sucks, little Johnny.
Be that guy, but do not yell out loud and do not ruin it for the rest of the people
who have enough sense in class to leave refs alone.
Yeah, that's a fuck. I didn't hear that story. I heard that they had a shortage, but the fact that the people who have enough sense and class to leave refs alone. Yeah, that's a fuck.
I didn't hear that story.
I heard that they had a shortage, but the fact that the guy pulled this kid.
There's a shortage everywhere, and Massachusetts is even worse
because people are fools.
It is brutal.
Speaking of shortage, Jeff Merrick tweeted the other day.
He said that three NHL refs and a linesman are retiring this year.
So the league's been having some issues with refereeing lately.
I don't know if new blood is what they need or whatever,
but either way I saw that.
You know what, if you're a kid, sorry, Ari,
if you're a kid and you love the game of hockey and you maybe can tell that
you're not going to be able to play college hockey or you're not good enough
to get to the NHL and you want to stay in the game,
if you could skate and you know the game, man,
you can get into refereeing at a young age you can
work your way up you can deal with some foolish parents but in the end grow and grow and you can
make it to the show another way by being a referee it's not the craziest thing in the world to think
about and get yelled at for dropping the puck on the wrong side that was tripping and get 20,000
people on your back for making the wrong call i'm'm going to run you over in the parking lot after I have my honeydew donuts and Cruella's, you scumbag.
Ref, you suck.
Ref, you suck.
You have 20,000 people chanting your goddamn name every night.
Sign up now.
You never have to do interviews.
You never got to answer to the press.
You don't want to sign up for the Army for crying out loud.
That's how painful being a ref is nowadays.
And you can't just say, oh, tune it out.
I mean, that's hard to do when people are fucking coming down and banging on the glass
and parents sound like fucking assholes, man.
Way to go, Paul.
No, no.
Is it Paul?
It was Paul.
It was Paul.
Play the clip, Grinnell.
You sure?
I'm fucking positive, bud.
Play the clip, Grinnell.
Give her four.
Get the wheels out the fuck.
Way to go, Paul.
Way to go.
That was Paul Marner.
That was him fucking yelling at Dubas for his contract.
That's how he got it done.
Yeah.
All right.
A couple more notes left here.
How's Matthews doing?
At least you're playing right now.
No, he could have four goals.
It's the second intermission.
He is teeing off rocket one-timers just missing the net.
He looks phenomenal.
Okay.
I thought you were going to say teeing off on something else.
But teeing off rockets on the ice.
On and off.
I just want to clarify.
That's AM 34.
This is AM 34 in Toronto.
That should be his tagline.
I tee off rockets on and off the ice.
Yeah, that'll go for a while.
AM 34.
Let's talk to Judd.
Judd, we're going to get his agent on the podcast at a certain point.
Oh, yeah, he's coming on.
Yeah, he's the new wave of agent.
Bullying these GMs for 9.5 for defensemen.
We want to say congratulations to Team Jamaica and co-coach Chris Stewart.
They just won the Amerigo Hockey Tournament, We want to say congratulations to Team Jamaica and co-coach Chris Stewart.
They just won the Amerigo Hockey Tournament,
which is made up of teams from, I believe, Latin South America.
They won it a couple of years ago,
and the name of the team is the Buffalo Soldiers.
They ran the table this year.
Buffalo Soldier.
They did it down at the Florida Panthers Arena,
and I guess Florida took care of the organization,
hosted everything, and did a great job with everybody.
So shout out to Jamaica. Congratulations, fellas, and did a great job with everybody. So shout-out to Jamaica.
Congratulations, fellas, and Chris as well.
Good stuff.
Wildlife really in the armpit of America.
The wildlife really making it onto the podcast.
We had the Africa golf talk. We got the bison king in Edmonton.
We got the Bison King in Edmonton. We got the Buffalo Soldier.
Biz, biz, biz.
All right.
You got a sad note.
Hockey Hall of Famer Leo Boivin died at 89 years old.
The defenseman played over 1,200 regular season and playoff games
in 19 NHL seasons with five teams, most of them with the Bruins.
So we want to extend our condolences to family and friends
and, of course, the extended Bruins family on their loss.
Biz, one of the last hockey note, I knew you were talking about the Laval
of the AHL, places have been bumping lately, huh?
Well, so they played a game at the Bell Center.
I want to say they sold it out.
I don't know if they had another game at their home building
that looked like it was wild, but I would say at this point,
setting the pace for the most insane atmosphere in the AHL.
And, you know, that's where I spent most of my time.
That's where I shined.
Winning a Calder Cup for the Manchester.
And fighting on two torn ACLs last game.
Yeah.
I will remember you.
But yeah, no, so check that out.
I mean, it's good to see hockey thriving at every level.
The only other hockey topic I want to talk about was Patrick Laine's walk-in for the Columbus Blue Jackets.
Looked like a fucking Bond villain.
Yeah, he pulls that look off.
And he's looking good.
The Columbus Blue Jackets, it seems like they have bought in
and they've hit the reset button, and they're off to a 2-0 start.
Correct, R.A.?
Columbus?
Yeah, I believe so, yeah.
I was so lost in looking at Patrick Lanais' picture there.
Like you said, Bonneville and so played out,
but he definitely very unique looking with that style.
But let me double check.
What's the eye surgery you get?
He got to get LASIK because he was up on a 14-hour Xbox shift.
That's what those glasses were for coming into the rink.
But he was able to play with a tinted visor,
and that's why you see him play the way he played.
I got LASIK.
Best thing I've ever done.
Oh, yeah?
Yeah, you've been trying to tell me to get it for years.
Oh, my God.
Dude, it's a little panicky, but they give you Xanax and you're really really like you're awake but you're so relaxed because
you get down there and they clamp your eyes open and then they say stare at that red light
that red light's the laser that's actually doing the work and then right after that they cover your
eyes with this like uh clear kind of plastic shell. You go home, you pretty much sleep for like 18 hours,
woke up, opened my eyes
and just could read the clock next to me.
I always had to put my glasses on or my contacts in,
life-changing, life-changing surgery if you're able to.
Some people's eyes aren't able to do it
depending on your pupils and different things.
But if you ever have thought about spending a little money
to not have to, you know, taking contacts out and putting them in, like, especially if you ever have thought about spending a little money to to not have to you know taking contacts out and putting them in like especially if you've been drinking and then you forget to
you pass out with the contacts in your eyes are crusty you can't even see nightmare scenario so
lasix where it's at that was not an ad read either not at all jesus christ no free ads jesus christ
hey well biz most guys have tried different ways to last longer, but thinking about puck lines and Murley specials don't always work.
Well, the folks at Roman, an online men's health company, are changing the game with Roman Swipes, the secret to longer-lasting sex.
Roman Swipes are a clinically proven way to last longer in bed.
They're effective, easy to use, and fast-acting, and they don't require a prescription,
so you don't get to get embarrassed down at CVS.
And Roman can ship swipes to you in discreet, unmarked packaging,
and each swipes packet is small enough to hide in your wallet for whatever you need.
They're super easy to use.
You just take the swipes out of the packet, you swipe it on, you let it dry,
and you're good to go.
That's it.
So go to GetRoman.com slash chicklets.
You can get your first month of swipes for just 5 when you choose a monthly plan.
That's GetRoman.com slash chicklets.
Well worth it.
Back-to-back ads.
We have to talk about Harry Styles and playing golf.
We actually aren't done the golf talk. We have to circle back because we've got Harry Styles
and also J.R. Smith making his collegiate debut,
which I'd like to get your opinion on.
Go ahead.
I was going to say, when they had the picture of Harry Styles,
I thought it was like a player who I didn't recognize
and he was just golfing with him and they were making the joke.
I mean, Harry Styles is a good-looking kid,
but he just kind of looked like a regular dude in that bitch hater well he's on
the golf course i mean he i didn't understand how big of a like superstar mega fucking i'd suck
so randomly uh merles and i were walking to grab like brunch whatever one of the days in new york city and outside msg there was just a huge
line like young girls older women like a complete wide variety of of girls like 200 300 deep and i
was like what is that they got to be waiting for tickets to a show i says probably harry styles
sure shit we go eat we come out and a bunch of them are like waiting outside with tickets
all of them have Harry Styles shirts on.
So it was ticket sales for this guy.
What a legend.
Detective wit.
What?
I said detective wit.
All the girls had Harry Styles shirts on.
But when I said it, I couldn't see them.
They were across the way.
Crime dog McGruff over there.
Harry Styles.
He is a fucking.
He's on a world tour, a North American tour.
Stole. Hey, look how sensitive R.A. is getting. I'm on a world tour, a North American tour. Stole...
Hey, look at how sensitive R.A. is getting.
I'm on a world tour, not your girls' tour.
Oh, shit.
He stole R.A.'s best friend's wife.
Ted Lasso.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, that's the only thing we got to get to, Biz.
But, no, first, we got to...
Harry Styles, did you see this clip?
He called out, like, three dads in the audience. Like, you know, it's always, like, young girls. And they all had, like, we got Harry Styles. Did you see this clip? He called out like three dads in the audience.
Like, you know, it's always like young girls.
And they all had like golf shirts.
And he's like, oh, you guys, let me see.
They all tucked in.
And like all three guys' fathers had their shirts tucked in.
This was like during the middle of a concert.
He was like dumping on them from fucking having their shirts tucked in.
It was actually pretty funny.
And then the other concert, I'm like the Harry Styles beat.
He was explaining the, what's that song, Watermelon Sugar?
Oh, yeah.
It's a woman's orgasm.
He was explaining the origins of it.
Real pussy juice.
Yeah.
I mean, basically, it's what you think.
Yeah.
He likes the old squirt fest in his face.
I'm a female jizz guy, so.
That's what it is?
Oh, yeah.
He likes when girls squirt in his face.
That's exactly what that song's about.
Who doesn't?
Oh, my God.
Jesus Christ. You ever have a girl squirt in your face? R. exactly what that song's about. Who doesn't? Oh, my God. Jesus Christ.
You ever have a girl squirt in your face?
R.A.?
You think I could get a girl to do that?
No comment.
I mean.
Me neither, but I heard it's cool.
I heard it's a blast.
I guess it's awesome, man.
It's actually how I got my fucking red eye.
What's the term?
Is it red eye?
Pink eye.
Or pink eye.
Red eye.
Pink eye. I was off by a color
I was thinking pink Whitney
you just said Ted Lasso we gotta go back to that
oh yeah of course we do
everyone fucking that's their favorite twitter and instagram thing
with me and Ted Lasso but
it came up on TNT last week
you had no idea what was going on
I had no clue it was
so they put up a gif or a meme of the old retired soccer player who was the stallion in town,
but they had to do the broadcast, but he couldn't stop swearing.
Roy Kent, yeah.
Roy Kent.
I almost dropped a couple F-bombs on the broadcast.
It's tough to hit the filter sometimes, especially when you're letting it fly.
Because that setup is pretty chill and laid back you can't forget for a second that you're on now yeah the cornhole cam i called the uh what's his name's the you
already go over that how long have you been recording for uh uh charles's net cam what'd
you call it his cornhole the cornhole cam no. Well, I called it the hoop cam first, and then it came back around,
and I called it the cornhole cam.
I like cornhole cam better.
I dropped an F-bomb.
I was on radio here recently, and flat out just said,
fuck, right on the radio.
Been on and so on.
We haven't talked about the all-time NHL song of the week was Gallant
saying you could bet money on that we're going to have a captain
by the start of the season, and then him naming 27 fucking
assistant captains.
What happened there?
I don't know.
And then Panarin was one of them.
The guy's like, I don't want to be a captain,
but I guess he's worthy of it.
Yeah, he didn't want to be the captain.
Well, there's only a captain on the team.
I mean, the A captain, the captain.
There's three captains.
One's the main and two of them are
the assistants there's one captain to assistant captain you just said assistant captain i'm lost
there's only one cat like when parents is i don't want to be the captain he's not meaning i don't
want an a but like he's saying i don't want the c but they still gave him an a but what are you
talking about right now he said he didn't want to have the c he never said anything about not
wanting to wear the a but it's funny other guys have it still given someone who like doesn't publicly
says i don't want the c to still get an a i mean i don't i just got to kick out jerry jerry jerry
so biz i gotta go back to roy kent so like what happened with the clip on on twitter cut out quick
so what happened after liam said you know ted lassoso? And you're like, that's Ted Lasso.
And you're like, no, that's not him.
Like, what was the rest of that?
We were five hours deep.
I was thinking about where we were going to grab beers after we were done on our shift.
And then we went and grabbed beers.
One thing that Wayne is extremely patient with is Seekers.
Wait, you've never seen Seekers?
He's patient with them?
Good for him.
I can't imagine.
I remember with Crosby saying, everywhere he goes, I bet you they somehow find out.
He's never able to turn it off, right?
So there's always somebody there.
They're at the hotel.
We finish our shift at, I want to say, like 1.30.
Then Charles hooked us up at this pub that we went to.
We grabbed some lemon pepper wings, which is kind of a southern thing
where they were unreal.
And then grab a couple pints and talk about it.
Is that that strip joint?
No, we didn't go to the fucking strip club already.
No, it's known for the lemon peppers.
I know, there is one there.
Give me a couple weeks, all right?
Give me a couple weeks, man.
Squirting in my fucking Lululemon boxers anyway he doesn't
met the bouncer there to set everything up exactly give him a couple appearances all right he'll be
there so we go to this like local pub and then like we get out of there at like three o'clock
we just finished this natural high we're all having a good time ties with us wayne uh anson
carter was there liam had to go because he was fucking gassed from carrying the whole shift and talk, of course.
And 3.15 in the morning, we're walking to the pub,
and four or five guys hop out of their cars.
They're there with the stuff to sign.
And we talk about seekers.
There's a difference between a kid getting an autograph to keep it as a
They're not a seeker.
Their seeker is there to get you the signature and go put it on eBay and make money.
And you can tell he gets the natural frustration, but he's always so kind enough to sign.
He does say, I'm only signing one, and don't keep doing this.
But he does it every time because he's such a kind-hearted guy, and he knows that he's, you know.
It's such a hard position for him to be in, and I almost feel bad for the guy that he always fucking has to, like,
be the nice guy.
So Wayne, everything is advertised, folks, the best guy in the world,
even to the Seekers.
Yeah, I would lose my patience with those people.
It's not kids, like you said, Biz.
It's grown men, like, trying to make money to buy fucking Pokemon cards.
What the fuck do they waste their money on?
You mentioned JS.
I used to play Magic cards.
He had his first college golf tourney.
Would you say he rolled up in a Bentley?
Yeah, he did.
And then he stepped on a beehive during the...
No, he didn't.
That was the second round.
Okay.
The first round, I think he shot 82.
There was a clip of him just firing a dart in there.
And then the second round, he stepped on a beehive,
one of the early holes, I think.
And he had to have like the medical person
from these college tournaments show up
and he grinded through it.
I actually, one time, not to make this about myself,
I was playing old sandwich.
I was on the 13th hole, long par five.
I hit it down near the green in two,
but I pushed this long, I hit three wood.
I pushed this three wood.
So I'm probably like 25 yards to the right of the green.
And it's all this brush.
I was over there with my caddy, Andrew Bell, great kid.
And we're walking around looking for the ball.
All of a sudden, I'm like, oh, and he screams out.
Dude, I had stepped on a big hornet's nest.
I got stung 20 times.
He got stung like 23 all over our heads, our hands.
It was insane.
So I actually carry around an EpiPen now because I'm like,
maybe I'm allergic because of how bad that was i finished the round i parred 14 15 16 17 18 i was swollen up
like a bug or like a bee that was your flu game man buddy it was insane i ended up winning money
i couldn't even feel my hands that night i was eatingadryl. I had my wife count all the bee sting spots all around my head because they were just swollen in areas.
Crazy experience.
So I understand where J.R. Smith is coming from.
I'm glad you made it about yourself.
That was an incredible story.
Dude, it was nuts.
If you were allergic, you probably would have died then.
No, I know.
You wouldn't have done that much, you know.
I know.
Would you choose death or birding 14, 15, 16, 17, and 18?
Straight shot.
You don't want to die, obviously.
But I mean, come on.
At least you're going out birding five holes.
But if I could have birdied the last five instead of just parring them with those bee stings,
I would have given up golf for a month.
Which is basically death for a whip.
What a pot.
This has been so fun, boys.
I had so much fun.
Oh, the season's back, fellas.
Absolutely.
A couple more notes, Biz.
Oh, yeah, Crosby to the Avalanche, just over my ticker here.
Monday Night Football, last week,
they were supposed to do a segment or an interview with Sidney Crosby,
and it got bumped because of the John Gruden fire,
and they had to talk about it right away, apparently,
so they couldn't do the Sidney Crosby thing.
But this Gruden stuff, man, like the fucking NFL can't get out of its own way.
Sometimes this is obviously orchestrated by, you know, Goodell or whatever.
They had this investigation on the Washington team.
600,000 emails and they get John Gruden, like, you know,
talking stupid, stupidly about people but like
so how do the people he wrote to reply nobody like admonished him for it like nobody yelled
back at him like John Gruden gets fired of all these emails there's more to this man it's it's
a clusterfuck dude like there's got to be so much of the dirt in this league that that is out there
and all these emails man did you follow the story, Whit? I did.
Once you see Gruden dropping the hard F-bomb, you knew he was done.
You saw this stuff come out, and you knew he was going to be gone,
and you kind of understand it in today's day and age.
But what a wild story.
That's 100. A hit was put out on him somewhere within the NFL
because the amount of emails they went through
and the amount of shit they must have seen is fucking wild
for him to be the only guy.
And you know what else?
You look at the fact of like,
you wonder why Tom Brady didn't want to hand over his phone that time?
Are you shitting me?
Dude, you don't trust these guys.
And Goodell is just such a, he is, you know, self-conscious.
Like, oh my God, this guy.
And so Gruden's gone and a lot of people can't stand Gruden.
But the way this all went down, it is a little weird to think.
And there had to be people who were panicking when this news broke.
And, you know, just to, you know, we're not defending John Gruden's statements at all.
Just to clarify.
No, no, fuck no.
It was bad.
He also said it when he wasn't even working
in the fucking nfl he was working for a totally different company so the fact that firing from
something he said 10 years ago on email it's kind of weird again that did this whole explanation uh
what is it uh not exponent what i just expose expose whatever uh what's made that up not expose
no clue you're not gonna investigate investigation fucking brain spot
this whole investigation about washington who by the way is fucked up his organization and
professional sports anywhere i mean you got the general manager sending topless photos with the
cheerleaders the fucking people but like john gruden's the only guy doing bad here like you
know i'm saying like people respond almost like oh you can't use that language john they obviously
agreed with what he was saying because the NFL was like,
oh, nobody said anything racist or homophobic.
John Gruden was the only one.
That's bullshit, dude.
Goodell thinks he's where as fucking stupid as he is sometimes
because I don't know.
He just knows he can get away with anything.
He can do whatever he wants.
He's protecting those fucking owners, man.
And those owners are shady as fuck, a lot of them.
Sorry, I got fucking amped up with this stuff. Speaking of Washington football.
I just didn't want what you said off the hop to get lost in the fact that,
yeah, what he said, it's like you can't really defend it.
Yeah, and we're not.
Given where the league is and what they're trying to support
and where they're trying to bring the social line to,
it's just like oh my goodness
I'm not going to lie though when he called
Goodell and I think it was a
new age anti-football pussy
yeah that's great that's a good line
pussy I'm fine with pussy
that might have been his deathbed right there
no I think it was calling
I think it was the hard F-bomb he called him
that's what it was and Goodell
oh he said that towards Goodell
yeah he called Goodell the hard F-bomb it called him that's what it was and oh he said that towards goodell yeah he called
goodell the hard f-bomb and oh i didn't even it's hard reading that stuff man it's just like it's
just and that's why he's like takes it personally like oh good get him out of here and it's like
yeah well like eventually some fucking reporter is going to dig up a bunch of shit and the nfl
is so fucking you all right basically what you said to me the other day is you go they have dug
up a can of worms and and and this cannot be the end of it
unless you're saying they have that much control.
Because if you're saying they looked through 650,000 emails,
that that's the worst that they saw from one person.
Adam Schefter ended up getting blown up too, who's a media member,
who, you know, he seems like an absolute squid.
He's a squid. He's a squid. He's absolute squid. He's a squid.
He's a squid.
He's a squid.
He's a squid.
And he was teeing up these articles for the Washington Squid Game.
He's a straight squid game bullet to the back of the brain.
But he was writing these articles where he was putting them on a tee saying,
what do you want me to take out that would hurt you if the public knew?
So I'm not a journalist.
I don't even know if you would you consider yourself a true journalist in a sense?
No, we're not journalists.
OK, well, I just neither neither neither is Adam Schefter, dude.
Whoa.
Yes, he is.
He's Adam Schefter, you guys.
Adam Schefter.
We're journalists.
All three of us.
I'm all three of us.
I'm a journalist.
There is no chance.
I can't even write a paragraph.
He just can't even read.
He ain't a journalist.
We do media.
No, I'm a fucking journalist now, Whit.
We have a hockey podcast.
We add journalists whether you want to admit it or not.
But we start rumors here.
I don't agree with the definition of journalist.
Adam Schefter breaks news.
And to break news, you need to have a million sources,
especially in that industry.
And his sources are front office members of the NFL.
He worked at the NFL.
He met everyone.
He now breaks.
He is the number one newsbreaker.
You have to be crazy to think that he's not going to his sources
and saying, listen, what do you want in?
What do you want out?
Which is fair, but it's not journalism.
That means you're not that that would be completely unethical if you're a true journalist i don't consider him one fair okay i think and i don't know the story he wrote or the sources and
i have no fealty to adam schaefter but i think there are certain cases when people are writing
a story especially if it's an extensive story with a lot of details and someone's relying on you
to trust you. It's not
unusual for someone to say,
hey, you want to take a look at this before I publish it?
Now, to say, do you want any tweaks or edits?
I can't speak to that.
That looked a little weird. It does look bad.
I don't think it was highly unusual, and it doesn't mean
that he's covering anybody.
There is a lot of quid pro quo in journalism,
especially sports journalism.
I agree, R.A.
Guys get sources.
They get stories.
Favors and favors and favors.
Favors, and that's part of the game.
Is that why we're not breaking anything?
Nope.
Send some more merchandise out for Christ's sake.
Let's break a fucking trade around here.
What's it going to cost us?
A 12-pack of Pin Whitney?
For fuck's sakes,
let's break some fucking trades.
Elliot's scalping one of us
if we start breaking trades.
Oh, I know.
Yeah, I wouldn't fuck around.
I wouldn't fuck around with Dreger.
I wouldn't fuck around with LeBron.
I wouldn't fuck with Frank Cerebro.
Frank Cerebro is going to be tied to the mob.
Johnson, Severalli, there's a bunch of them.
Imagine fucking with the Bobfather.
He'd fucking tie up the family.
He'd throw you right off his dock.
It'd be a Saw movie.
It'd be a Saw movie.
Torture involved and shit.
I'd get waterboarded. We've got to wrap this thing up.
Yeah, a couple more. I know, we do, but
it's like, we've got a couple goofy notes we've got
to throw out there. Michael Caine
biz. I know you thought he retired.
There was a story about it saying Michael Caine's retired.
Well,
he tweeted that I'm not quite done yet.
He's still looking at scripts.
I don't know.
Some,
some outlet somewhere like ran with the story that Michael Caine was
done.
I said that.
There you go.
Yeah.
No,
you sent it over to the group.
No,
I'm not,
I'm not saying you,
you made up stories,
but there was a fucking tweet out there that Michael Caine retired,
but he tweeted himself
that i don't even know who that is he's the butler in the new batmans yeah no michael cain is i said
that to the group chat all right oh maybe maybe i don't think anyone ever tells you how r.a's
week in an nyc went no i hope you had a good time he probably.A. He probably met Michael Caine, doesn't remember,
and that's what brought this to the pod.
Who's the best butler in a show ever?
How about that one, R.A.?
What do you mean?
Are you kidding me?
Jeffrey from Fresh Pinch of Bel-Air, no question.
100 went.
100.
Okay, R.A., who do you got?
Or the guy in Mr. Deeds.
I'm very sneaky.
That's a good movie, butler.
What about the butler in Batman? Mr. Belvedere's'm very sneaky. That's a good movie, Butler. What about the Butler in Batman?
Mr. Belvedere is a hell of a Butler.
Alfred from the
original Batman was what I was thinking of.
A lot of good Butler
guys out there for movies.
And we're probably forgetting a couple.
Oh my God, I got the Leafs on.
I don't know. Some of the
Butler's on TV. Yeah, that's a good one.
What's that? Fresh Prince of Bel-Air
One last topic you guys want to talk about
This was
Excuse me
This was a vintage
Like Barstool type story
I knew we were going there and we had to
I had to jot it down as the last thing to talk about
Yeah
White Sox Dave
Covers the White Sox for Barstool Chicago Outlet He's obviously a White Sox fan last thing to talk about yeah uh buddy white so white socks dave covers the white socks for
barstool chicago outlet he's obviously a white socks fan hence the name he covers the white
socks and he's had a running list for years uh people who have been from rooting for the white
socks for whatever reasons he comes up with and he's had john cusack on the list for a while
because john cusack is from chicago and he roots for the cubs and the white socks now what you know
you can if you're from new york you don't root. Now, Whit, you know, if you're from New York,
you don't root for the Yankees and the Mets.
If you're from Chicago, you generally don't root for the Cubs
and the White Sox, but he does.
And lo and behold, White Sox Dave bumped into him going to the playoff game
and told him he wasn't allowed to root for them.
They kind of had a little bit of a skirmish.
White Sox Dave got owned in that conversation.
As owned as you could possibly get should we roll the clip both those people are morons because cusack rooting
for both teams is pathetic and apparently like white socks dave says he requests like the best
seats and only when the teams are good is he kind of around and in the picture so he looks like a
fool but white socks dave's an overgrown midget i'm surprised cusack didn't cuff him in the eardrum when he went up to him like that one lane meyer um yeah that's from one of his old
movies who obviously never seen dude i i mean white socks dave i like sorry character he fucking
he's a ball buster i i get his point i mean i wouldn't probably fight it as much as he does
where i wouldn't go up to like john cusackusack, tell him he couldn't root for a team. But rooting for two teams in the same city, it's unusual.
It's not fucking, like, a stand-alone.
Okay, R.A.'s taking White Sox Dave's side on this.
Well, what Cusack's doing is they're both clowns.
Yeah, well, that's what I said.
I wouldn't do it with Dave did, Biz, but, like, I get his point.
You know what I'm saying?
But I thought it made for great content.
But what happened was Dave thought it was done.
White Sox Dave thought it was done.
Then Cusack took it to Twitter.
Oh, yeah.
And then next thing you know, Patricia Arquette from fucking True Romance is chiming in.
Loved it.
This is the boss of the world.
We get like fucking, what's her name, from fucking True Romance,
fucking yelling at White Sox Dave about like fandom.
It just shows that Twitter is so bad.
You can look so dumb on twitter
when you try arguing on it because if kusaka just ended ended it with the video he dominated him in
that video he made him look like a fool but then he goes on twitter and he's like ranting and raving
the next day about like barstool and he gets political and he is one of those broken brain
political lunatics you've seen him on twitter. And in the end, though, he looked so dumb because how mad he was getting online.
When in the end, he'd want it to begin with.
What was the other thing that I wanted to mention?
Oh, and then White Sox Dave going up to him.
Everyone says, oh, that's White Sox Dave.
Dude, if you're standing there and you're a Cusack,
and all of a sudden this dude comes up to you and there's a camera in your face
and you're getting surprise attacked, that's a little Bush dude comes up to you and there's a camera in your face and you're getting like surprise attacked.
That's a little Bush League
I think. I'd give him a right hook.
Oh dude, that's what I said. He should have
cuffed him. White Ducks
Dave wouldn't have done shit either. John Cusack would
pump his eyes shut. Quote it.
That would be a rough and rowdy card.
Dave's stocky, man. He's like
5'3 and a half. Can't even throw 70 miles an hour.
Guy's got the worst arm in the league.
Couldn't even give me a bruise.
I wouldn't rule somebody out because of their height.
No, no.
He's a stocky dude.
You're for sure not.
I'd just root him out because it's White Sox Dave.
Enough said.
But I love Dave.
I love him.
But what a goon.
He's a character.
I think that's a wrap, guys.
That was a good long pod.
We fucking went deep on that.
We were going to give you Tom Bussey Martin, but we're going to save that for another pod yeah that that that needs to be saved
all right boys um first week's rolling yeah some action and we're off and running we appreciate
you all listening we love it and we'll be back to you a week from now bye mom absolutely have a
great week everyone As always, we'd like to thank our terrific sponsors here on Spitting Chicklets.
So a huge thanks to everybody over at Pink Whitney and New Amsterdam Vodka.
Big thanks to our friends over at No Days Wasted.
Huge thanks to everybody over at Herbal Active.
We want to send a big thank you to our friends over at OCB Rolling Papers.
Highly recommend them.
Huge thanks to everybody over at Petamalat for making us look great in the course.
And a big major thanks to our friends at Roman for taking care of the fellas.
Everybody, have a fantastic week.
