Hey, Spittin' Chicklets listeners, you can find every episode on Apple Podcasts,
Spotify, or YouTube. Prime members can listen ad-free on Amazon Music.
Hello, everybody.
Welcome to episode 357 of Spittin' Chicklets, presented by Pink Whitney.
All my friends at New Amsterdam Barca here in the Barstool Sports Podcast family.
What's up, gang?
Season humming right along.
Couple of weeks in.
Lots of shit to talk about.
Lots of storylines developing.
But let's say hi to the boys first. Mikey Grinelli, fresh off from mesa arizona who does if i'm not mistaken yeah i got to uh spend the weekend
out in arizona with biz but most importantly i got to see biz's new bond mansion bond villain
mansion that he's moving into incredible incredible place boys i can't wait for you
guys to see this he's you're using the term you have a mansion bond or bond term mansion extremely loose it's it's a 4500 square foot house folks this is not
a mansion maybe compared to anything in nyc and may i remind everyone i lived in arizona it's
very spread out here they're all it's incredible though the spot it's like pablo escobari it's
unbelievable yeah it's got hippopotamus in the front.
Why?
Rhinocerosaurus.
Oh, yeah.
The hippos are out of control in Colombia because Pablo Escobar had so much coke money.
He would buy hippos for pets and then they recreated so much.
They've fucked up the ecosystem in Colombia right.
The last 30 years or so.
Oh, my goodness. I had no clue that that was even a thing.
Now, going back to last podcast, is that when you butchered the word rhinoceros?
I combined a rhinoceros and I guess a dinosaur, and I created a rhinoceros.
Oh, okay, cool.
Fucking A, man.
I asked him to send me the clip of it, but he didn't send it to me.
I still want that.
Well, because he was busy with hanging out in Scottsdale, living the vita loca.
Living it up at a Hooters.
One may argue a
rhinoceros is a dinosaur.
Maybe it is. Who knows?
Maybe there was a dinosaur. I think I might
have actually created it in my mind, but there could
be a giant dinosaur that lived millions
of years ago that was just the R-dog,
the rhinoceros.
You look at him up close, the ancient
looking. Biz, you just said you
were going on a hike last night you must see some pretty crazy animals out in the in the desert and
high desert no there's like wild boar and and there are definitely don't get me started yeah
the warhawk um yeah there's some stuff out there but normally on the paths during when the sun
lights up there's like they don't come close to the path so if if you are out there and it gets
dark you usually
have like a whistle and you're supposed to just whistle every like few minutes to kind of deter
them from coming closer to the path now i mean everybody's seen the infamous rattlesnake video
when when that was in my garage but uh knock on wood i haven't had many interactions with scorpions
uh but yeah nothing oh i was scorpion hunting out there with call me one night in his
backyard because they light up right yep or neon yeah they were neon so we were out there trying
to get these things but they're all over the map all like fluorescent at the middle of the night
they say we were drinking what some of them are right i don't think all of them do
wow that's interesting i mean i'm not i'm not i'm not, I'm not, I'm not like the, I'm not Steve Irwin over here.
I don't really know much about animals.
Although Lloyd,
we,
oh fuck.
So Katie was out of town.
You know,
I figured I could trust them to go over when I went to going over to
dinner to leave him out of his cage.
Well,
I come home and he ate my fucking 12,000 restoration hardware couch.
Well,
he went down to booty camp or not booty camp.
You sent him to booty camp
and rewarded him for eating
the expensive shit.
Yeah, Barry's boot camp with all the cocktail
servers. No, I sent him. He comes home with just
a sick dumper on him.
He was
working. Your ass looks great.
He was working at Hooters the shift we were
there to make some of that money back.
I paid for boot camp for him.
But sent him away for 10 days.
And holy shit, did this lady do an unbelievable job with him.
And he's, I mean, he follows all the commands.
He can sit down, shake a paw, do whatever you want.
So really happy that we're getting him trained up and ready to roll.
Because I was a little bit fuming when I got home and he'd eaten the armrest off that couch of mine in the living room.
You would have been fuming if he ate a 12 pair of sandals at Target.
Eating a 12,000 couch, I know you were steaming mad.
Oh, my goodness.
It's been a tough week on those types of bounces, too.
So everybody was complimenting and or insulting
the suit i had on tnt the double-breasted blue one with the gold buttons the funniest clip sorry
to interrupt the funniest jump was when when you somebody tweeted when you have to work
nhl on tnt and go to your first communion after
or somebody put up the captain crunch crunch is the fucking best
yeah it was captain crunch and but that so everyone's like oh the new suit guy showed up
no the new suit guy fuck he that wasn't a new suit the guy met me in nyc well he unzips the bag and
i'm looking at this suit i'm like i don't that looks a little bit short. I try the thing on.
It's like three or four inches short.
I looked like I was about to go fight a bull in the ring.
Like one of those Toro Toro jackets.
Is that what you were doing when you pulled up the pants a little like in,
in that gift come out of it?
That was Anson Carter giving homage to Wano for the tuck.
And I said, no, no, he would go.
Wouldn't Wayne go full jersey
tuck when he was in nyc so i tucked in the front and i did like the little nerd walk we were wayno
was dropping bombs on me last one i was you brought him so much out of his shell man like
he's like you know people like off like to see gretzky busting balls it's it's some people really
haven't seen before and you obviously take it well it's been it's been awesome yeah i've been spending the last week hanging out with a therapist to get
my self-esteem back up after he chucked me in a body bag but so long as he's like who is who is
bullying you young paul you're like oh wayne gretzky he's like the great one you are a loser
get out of my office you say whatever he wants to you um so going back to the suits
i i'm gonna be having the the hockey night in canada on acid one i gotta go back to the crazy
blue blazer because the suits still haven't came in still haven't got a phone call with as to when
i'm gonna get them and if all else fails i'm gonna have to go back to the gray one week four so back
to that ugly one that i've dry cleaned 10,000 times that I've had for five years.
So I need to get like a pink Whitney custom suit, like a sick pink custom suit.
Maybe the little logo like hidden in it.
Like when when Conor McGregor had fuck you all over his suit.
So yours is just pink.
And then in subtle black, it just says pink Whitney everywhere.
Be pretty fresh on you, I think.
You can pull off any look.
We got Pink Whitney ties coming for you.
All righty.
Okay.
Well, there's some idea.
Anyone else got any ideas?
Send me a couple of tweets as to what I should wear now.
Next week is Halloween, boys.
So maybe I'll dress up.
Maybe I'll put the Wayne sweater vest on.
That's a yes.
And since we're talking about it do you already have costumes
picked out for your kids do you do you pick them or do they pick them at this age uh
rider maybe could have but the wife wifey picks them i got mine i'll send you the picture it's
amazing it's amazing we get to hear everyone's probably everyone's probably seen this before
but no i'm not even gonna talk about it yet put this way. There's a thing in my pocket that has to, like, blow the thing up the whole time I'm wearing it.
So I have a costume party on Saturday night.
And then I think another one.
I think another one Sunday before trick or treating.
I don't exactly know the weekend schedule of Halloween, but it dropped on a Sunday is going to probably make it pretty lit in my neighborhood.
My neighborhood is great for trick or treating kids running around
everywhere.
We buy the full candy bars.
Cause I remember when I was younger,
I'd go to a house.
They give you a fuck that fun.
I said,
Oh my God,
if I ever make it in life,
I'm going to have the big boy candy and be the guy.
Everyone's like,
thank you.
Holy shit.
You had full candy,
not these little miniature bites.
So we've done that.
But then last year's COVID, but still we ran out.
That's a nightmare.
You run out of candy, you're a piece of shit.
So we didn't get enough.
So this year we bought so much.
Problem is I've already gotten into the stash.
I'm crushing this food.
So we've got to go back to the store.
I'm going to go back to maybe Costco, really load up.
But I'm changing my diet.
I'm going off the sauce.
I got to get
surgery on my elbow. Things are changing in Ryan's world. I'm getting back to being a legitimate
human being who doesn't drink all the time, who doesn't eat like a super rat and who maybe
dresses a little better. So things are on the up and up. So the kids in Witt's neighborhood
could thank Sid for the full candy bars. Now, when you run out of candy, you just start peeling off 20s.
Like, how does it work?
No, I go in the fridge.
Hey, you want some beef stew?
There's some chili, dude.
I got frozen pizzas.
You want a frozen pizza?
If he's like maybe 12, I'll give him Pink Whitney, but nothing under 10
gets Pink Whitney.
So we'll figure it out.
I might give him like golf balls.
Yeah.
Pro V1s
yeah but no i know i give them i give them the range balls the rock flights the top flight rock
balls yeah what you play with how but more importantly for the adults who don't have kids
halloween parties are back and a sunday halloween perfect lines up for friday parties saturday
parties last year there was nothing going on it feels like it's been six halloweens it hasn't been a party i don nothing going on. It feels like it's been six Halloweens.
It hasn't been a party.
I don't know why.
It just seems like it's been forever.
I wonder if there's going to be a lot of slutty biz costumes out there this year.
You know, taking off on TNT, everything.
They make a slut out of everything nowadays.
What would a slutty biz costume?
What would that be?
I don't know.
What would that be, though?
All right.
Just a disgusting horn.
It would be
the Dennis wig that Kevin Hayes
sent over to us.
Horrible salad with a small
disgusting horn looking like the
woman at tequila bottle. An old suit
with a rip in it. Yeah. I was really hoping
that like last year, I know you guys when I
wrote the skullet, but I wouldn't take the hat off.
I was praying that Halloween come back in time
just because I actually did it in the shower. If was going to be beetlejuice i might have said
it before and like the hair would have been perfect because like michael keaton was bald
and the hair come out in a perfect level so i'm probably never going to grow that skullet back
again but if we could have forgotten halloween i would have the best beetlejuice costume ever
because when you can incorporate your natural self into the costume like your hair your limbs
why didn't you do it last year?
Halloween went on last year. Yeah, but it was like
there was nobody in my orbit was having
parties. There was nothing going
on, basically, where I was going to
be like a freak who just dresses up
as Beetlejuice.
I'll do that. I ain't going to tell you guys about that.
Alright.
I just mentioned Pink Whitney. Of of course the fall classic is here hockey
and hoops are in full swing and pigskin as well so that means head over to your local bar and make
sure to order some pink whitney it's the perfect fall shot for you and your friends again hit up
your local stash house your local bar your local dive whatever you call it and get some pink whitney
from you and the guys and gals.
All right, boys.
Let's see.
Should we talk about some hockey?
We usually lead off with, like, the positive stories. But this week, Chicago Blackhawks.
We're going to keep it negative off the hop here.
Oh, fuck yeah.
Right into it.
Right into the Blackhawks.
Yeah, we had a late editorial decision, Biz.
Sorry.
It's not necessarily negative because if you hate the Blackhawks,
you're the happiest son of a bitch out there right now.
They suck.
This team, I don't know.
Do you have anything else to say?
0-5-1, outscored 27-12, booed off the ice when they lost to Detroit last night.
I guess there were more Red Wing fans in the building than Blackhawk fans,
which is yikes.
They have yet to have a lead, which Chiefs said was an NHL record.
They have five even strength goals, just two assists,
12 shots on goal from Jonathan Tabes.
As Biz said, they don't appear to be playing with urgency.
And then last night we had what appeared to be Jeremy Carlton
handing the grease board to the players to let them do whatever on it.
I don't know.
That's just sketch and hand it back.
This is a clusterfuck right now.
Whit, I know you're revved up.
You're ready to go.
Whit, just got to correct one thing.
I believe that they were booed off the ice the two games prior as well.
So let's make it a hat trick for the Sunday nighter in Chicago
playing Detroit on a back-to-back coming off of the Montreal beatdown.
So a back-to-back on the road.
So take it away, Ryan Whitney.
When I got into the NHL, one of my first road trips in the NHL,
we went to Chicago.
And we've heard Adrian Acquaint on the show prior to this,
and he talked about the years when he could just, like,
yell to his kids in the stands at Blackhawks games.
And I'm telling you, I went to this game.
The United Center is one of the coolest places when they're a good team and that fan base
is rocking and the anthem's out of this world and the intro song is something to die for.
It's just sick.
We are headed towards a path where there's 6,000 people at the games.
Nobody gives a shit.
The team sucks.
The GM stinks. the coach is brutal i actually
i i honestly don't even like blame call it in that much like this is on pussy cruncher 69 as
biz likes to call stan bowman it is a disaster burner account it's a burner account online sorry
stating facts i i cannot believe you talked me into thinking this team was going to get into the
playoffs and i got the blues running rampant on the whole league right now shit pumping everyone
with a tarasenko that looks as focused and ready to play as anyone in the league and i picked the
blackhawks to get in the playoffs and you know what shame on me because i i believe the hype
i believe the offseason.
I like Seth Jones.
I mean, the analytical people who have hated him from the jump,
they are loving this because apparently,
according to different reports I read,
he played like the worst game anyone in the NHL has played,
according to analytics the other night.
He's got four points in six games.
People don't really care about that. They signed this guy to this monster deal.
And mind you, mind you this.
When they traded for him, they gave up a first-round draft pick.
Columbus owns Chicago's first-round pick this year,
unless it's number one or number two.
So if the Blackhawks go on to be this pathetic all year,
which maybe they won't be this bad, but holy shit, do they look garbage,
they could end up getting the third holy shit, do they look garbage.
They could end up getting the third overall pick and Columbus gets it.
Imagine that.
Imagine how low it would be for Blackhawks fans at that point. And Cody Sillinger as well, who's playing as an 18-year-old.
He's the youngest player in the league and he looks great in Columbus.
Or did I say, what did I say?
Cody.
No worries.
You get the point across, Sillinger.
Now, here's the thing. This. No worries. You get the point across. Sillinger. Now, here's the thing.
This has happened recently.
Colorado.
Colorado ended up getting Bowen Byram out of the Duchesne deal to Ottawa.
Boom.
Fourth overall pick.
You get a stud like that.
And it also happened another time.
And then it screwed.
Then Ottawa ended up getting lucky.
What was the other deal they ended up making for somebody?
And they got a high pick with Carlson, right?
Was that the deal?
Yep.
I don't remember if that was.
Either way, if you have a season like this and you trade a first rounder thinking,
all right, we're going to make a push.
We got Patrick Kane, one of the best players in the world, to bring Cat to Awesome.
And then this happens off the start.
You can't get a lead in six games.
It's just one of the ugliest situations
I've ever seen early in a season.
I feel bad for Taves.
I mean, he doesn't look great.
He hasn't played hockey in so long.
So obviously it's hard to get back into this.
But yeah, you fire the coach.
Maybe things change.
But Colleton, like, what's he supposed to do?
I don't know.
The players are out there playing.
The board situation, can you explain
what exactly happened there, Biz,
when he handed it to the players?
Was that him literally telling them, you make the play?
Yeah, I've seen coaches hand it off to the assistant.
I've seen maybe sometimes guys chiming in as maybe even their drawing on the board.
I thought it was extremely odd that the board was handed over
and he legit just separate
separated himself from the conversation from at least from what i saw and listen this may come as
a shock to a lot of you i was not exactly the six on five guy i was usually at the end of the bench
just fucking staring at broads in the crowd women excuse me women my night's done oh i can't say
broads anymore my apologies this will be my last podcast.
Whit, I was going to ask you this question.
Have you ever been a part of something where the coach just hands it over
and there's no coach really involved and the players are there drawing?
I don't remember ever having that.
For the most part, every time you're trying to get a goal,
you're down a goal or you're trying to protect the lead
and you're trying to hold on for a win.
It's mostly the assistant coach that's usually drawing up the plays you're figuring
out how to get the puck out or figuring out a formation you want to use i don't ever remember
a guy being like here you go boys you decide now maybe if the players are speaking up it's really
hard to judge that situation if the players are screaming at him give us the fucking board you
don't know what you're talking about now Now I'm making that up, but who knows
what the hell is going on with that team at this point?
Well, that would be bad. Oh my God. Toronto's
down 3-1. This is amazing.
Holy shit. Ottawa's
down 4-1. They come back and tied it.
4-4. So you look
at Chicago, though. It's like,
I don't know, man. How happy is Duncan
Keith? He's on a 5-0 Oilers team
running through everyone, and he's like, Jesus Christ, thank's on a five and a loyalist team running through everyone.
And he's like, Jesus Christ, thank God I got out of there.
Everyone thought I stunk.
The team stinks.
And Fleury for sure has not started off great, but he's never really,
I don't know if he's dealt with something like this since his first year
in Pittsburgh.
When you have no defense in front of you,
you're getting shots from all over the place.
You're getting outchance, outshot.
There's no chance for a goalie to look good when you're playing like this.
I wonder how long if this continues,
Carlton has.
I mean, last year we thought
there was maybe a period of time
where Hines in Nashville was going to get gassed.
I know that Poyle is not typically a GM
who likes to change coaches.
Mind you, it was a shortened season too, right?
So if it would have all went colossal
throughout the whole way,
I mean, you're not dealing with
a full length of the season.
After the game, they asked Seth Jones, mind you, he's only been around for a month and a half now.
He said that, no, this is accountability fully on the players.
You know, the message that Colleton sending to us is being received.
We want to play hard for him.
Even when they asked Jonathan Taves about it, he said the minute that something bad happens, we all pucker up.
Right now the confidence is completely shot.
Everything is just every little mistake we make that's coming back to bite us
is just affecting us colossally.
And you go back to that Detroit game, right in the first couple minutes,
DeHaan ends up throwing a pizza, ends up right in the back of their net,
easy tap in for this Lucas Raymond, and we're going to have to get to him
because this kid is a fucking stallion.
But right after that, it's just like, boom, the trickle effect.
I was just shocked after getting booed out of the building two games in a row.
You're sitting at home licking your chops after being called out by your fan base.
You got the team in Detroit coming off a back-to-back on the road,
traveling across customs, which isto-back on the road traveling across customs
which is another at another hour on the trip you're changing time zones and you can't even
muster up a good performance and let's talk about Fleury too like the I don't think the onus is on
him at all I'm looking at some of these goals they're giving up the blue line so easily and
they play so soft and if they think they can just play this run and
gun type style and and win game six five they are sadly fucking mistaken because you look at other
teams around the league and they're just as loaded i listen i got the clown nose on just as much as
stan bowman i thought this was the most improved team in the offseason based on the moves they made
i think we can still agree on on they are one of the most improved teams in the off season based on the moves they made. I think we can still agree on,
on they are one of the most improved teams based on paper.
Am I confident that they can turn it around? Yeah.
I think that that went and Kane's coming, hopefully coming off injury soon.
He didn't miss last game. So that's a big hurt.
They're going to get the Leafs at home on Wednesday,
which if the Leafs drop this one,
this is going to be like the Flint, Michigan, mega bowl of drama, right?
So we got a big one teed up for Wednesday night.
But R.A., did you come out with a blog talking about Chicago?
And you seem to be pretty confident that this was the way
this was heading in the offseason.
No, actually, that was our boy Chief.
I skate my name at the Blackhawks.
I don't go into Chiefs lane. I mean, unless i opine on in another blog somewhere but he said this is all
on bowman he has to go that was the blog i sent you guys a little while ago and yeah i think if
the words are going to make changes they need to make wholesale changes don't fire the coach because
he's still bowman's higher like you gotta get rid of all of them and when you look at chief's blogs
and you read them and you look at the series of moves this guy's made and what he's turned into nothing and like he's
mishandled assets over and over again i mean if i'm danny where it's like i'm saying see you later
both years bring in an interim guy or two for the rest of the year to reevaluate it and start from
scratch because i mean the results with bowman have been terrible man he's just like giving away
assets i mean you look what they did.
What was the Panera on the side?
He turned into so-and-so, which became Zdorov, which they traded for a draft,
like basically turned an all-star into a third round draft pick within like three years.
So I don't know, man.
Sometimes ownership becomes inanimate with some of these front office guys.
And they like they like this guy, especially then you add in the whole fucking sex scandal ball.
I don't want to call it sex scandal.
That all the fucking video guy, you add all that in,
and all the kind of like see no evil, hear no evil,
speak no evil stuff too, man.
I don't know, man.
If I'm the fucking Blackhawks, I would just be like punt it all
and just start over at this stage, giving away everything that's wrong.
That's what I'm saying with the fans.
The fans are so sick and tired of the front office.
They're sick and tired of that other story
and how disgusting that all seems to be coming out slowly
and surely what actually went on there.
And that's why, dude, you have no idea
the dark days of the Chicago Blackhawks,
2003, four, five, six.
They were so bad and nobody cares.
And that's when I don't even think the team was on TV.
So it's like, this city has no problem.
The city of Chicago has no problem
if they're just disgusted with an effort
and a team and a front office to just completely shut it down.
Yeah, they'll just go follow the Bears.
The whole city sucks, actually.
I love Chicago.
Every team stinks.
Actually, the Bulls are good.
We wish we'd fucking visit them again.
But Carlton was put in an unwinnable situation.
Either way, to follow a legend like Hugh, not really having a known resume,
I don't think he was really set up for success either way.
I will say, listen, I don't blame him either,
but if this is the response he's going to get from this lineup,
we're not talking about a team that can't compete for a Stanley Cup.
We're talking about a team that's been getting booed
out of their own building after every game at home.
Like there's, so at some point, like if this continues
for the next, you know, 10, 15 games where they're putting
up these horrible efforts and not getting anything
out of the guys, there eventually has to be somebody,
a coaching change.
I mean, everybody liked Mike Yo in in st louis he just
wasn't getting the response from the guys in comes berube at some point and and that kind of leads me
to my next point i think the only thing that's going to change this season around and i know
they got beg skated on monday after practice the chicago blackhawks so we'll see the type of
response we get on wednesday but if that doesn't work I think we're going to need a practice Donnybrook.
But R.A. mentioned it, and so did Chief.
Before we  if you're going to fire a coach
and you're going to get rid of Colleton and bring someone in,
it is true.
Like, how are you going to allow Bowman to do that?
It's like you're going to allow him to hire another coach?
It's like that's kind of the issue here is the decisions he's making.
So if you're going to fire the coach, it's like get rid of the GM too.
I'm not a fan of people losing their jobs.
No chance, but at some point it's like what is going on here, guys?
This is like and it's six games.
Are you overreacting?
I don't know when you haven't held a lead for one fucking second.
Yeah, it's been rough sledding so far.
So anyways, coming out of the gate, kicking the Blackhawks a little bit.
But the other big story this past week,
the NHL returned to Seattle for the first time in nearly 100 years.
Seattle Kraken lost the home opener to Vancouver 4-2 Saturday night.
The team retired the number 32 for the 32,000 deposits they got.
And also because Seattle is the 32nd NHL team.
Unfortunately, fans could only watch the game on ESPN Plus or Hulu.
ESPN Plus had the exclusivity,
so people who've been watching the, I don't know,
whatever local station they're used to it couldn't get it.
But either way, Seattle, a little stumble out of the gate,
won 4-1, just 13 goals for, 23 goals against.
Paul, let's go to you first for a seattle crack and take well
i talked to wit about it uh today a little bit and he said that you know they can't they can't
provide offense i mean you see the home game it's both d-men getting it and giordano and done and
i mean that building was rocking though it it looks it looks huge inside how many people does
it seat uh good question i don't know if it's not over 19 it's got
that crazy design too i don't know if you saw the picture i think it might have been um uh sarah
valley who tweeted it you could actually see the street level people like walkamai on the street
can actually like look into the arena because it like we said before it goes down into the ground
it looks like one of the cooler buildings in the in the whole league i and not to criticize them
too early here i think that they might have overthought it in the expansion league. Not to criticize them too early here, I think that they might have overthought it
in the expansion draft a little bit,
and surprisingly, even a guy like Tarasenko.
I know there was question marks on his health
coming into the season,
but there were certain guys available
who could put the puck in the net
that they could have taken a quote-unquote risk on
that they didn't.
This might be a plan for the future, though.
I trust that Ron Francis knows what pieces in order to set up, quote-unquote risk on that they didn't. This might be a plan for the future, though.
I trust that Ron Francis knows what pieces in order to set up.
But, yeah, as of right now, that just seems to be the issue, not being able to find the back of the net
and most of their offense coming from the back end.
So we'll see.
But still, the good news is they're going to get continued support
for at least the first couple of years,
and that's just kind of automatic when you get a new team in the league
and the amount of excitement surrounding it.
But great job by the fan base, incredible rollout,
and I'm excited to catch a game there.
It looks like an arboretum.
There's plants and fucking flowers everywhere.
What is it, Climate Change Arena?
Yeah.
Is that what it's called?
17151.
17,151 people jam-packed in there.
It was a great opener.
Gio Dono got them up 2-1.
I actually stayed up, watched the game.
All of a sudden, boom, boom, boom.
Garland, I think, got the winner on a great little fake shot.
Ends up sliding in 5-0 after a fake slap shot.
That's the thing, Biz.
They're going gonna struggle to score
but even with a tough start uh we mentioned it was nice to get that win early but it's been a
tough start but that division is like gonna be so wide open i don't think they're at all out of it
by any means it's so early but it is gonna be tough for them to to kind of try to create offense
with a forward group that doesn't really look like there's much there goal scoring wise and for a guy
they you know,
paid in the off season,
I feel like grew Bauer just hasn't had the timely saves yet.
Oh,
he's not playing in behind Colorado.
Oh,
okay.
Well,
I could do it from ball game.
Yeah.
I think sometimes the,
sometimes the best moves you make are the ones that you,
how's it?
What's the same?
You don't move.
Yeah.
That's the one.
Don't make,
don't move. Don't make. That's the one. I knew what you were saying. Thank you. Well move? Yeah, that's the one. Don't make? Don't move?
Don't make?
That's the one.
I knew what you were saying.
Thank you.
Well, conversely, Whit, the Edmonton Oilers,
they have no problems whatsoever with the offense.
Connor McDavid picked up where he left off.
Edmonton's 5-0.
They got 24 goals, 4-13 against McDavid.
Six goals, 13 assists.
He leads, or he's tied for the lead in both goals and assist categories.
Leon Dreisaitl, four goals, seven assists for 11 points.
Zach Hyman, business, fit right in with this team.
Zach Cashin got a couple goals for us,
and of course, to get in the goaltending.
Mike Smith, 2-0 on three starts, 9-2-0 save percentage.
Koskinen, he's with 3-0, I believe, 9-4-3 save percentage.
This team, man, they got probably the best memory you can ever get.
Party time in Vegas, dinner, Ryder Cup, Raiders game, fly home.
Like, that's probably the best thing a team could see when they're on the road.
And I'm sure Tippett's happy to be getting it out at the beginning of the season
because there was one year when we were in Arizona,
and mind you, we ended up winning the division.
This is the year when Mike Smith went on his crazy run but we hadn't done rookie party yet and and you know we were in the midst
of battling for a playoff spot and he was trying to call it off and we had it dialed in and lined
up for LA sure as shit we ended up getting the green light we were so bad in LA that next game
two days later Mike Smith must have made 50 fucking saves and we won one nothing thank god and kept that run
going but well deserved by these guys these guys the moves i was i was at first like you know
surprised with them bringing in duncan keith and you know what they were willing to do but ken
holland's looking like a fucking genius and this is a team in in my opinion, weak division. They need to get as much ahead of the game as possible early on
because the only possibility of not being able to go on a big playoff run
is the fact that McDavid doesn't really have a governor.
I'm convinced that he wants to get 200 points.
And every time he's out there there he's trying to fucking score
goals so later in the season if you're fighting for playoff positioning and you're having to ride
that horse he's going to be too beat I mean you saw it last year and not to take anything away
he had an unbelievable regular season over 100 points in in what was it 56 games but all of a
sudden like I felt like he had no gas against the Winnipeg Jets. They were out in four games.
Is it his fault?
Absolutely not.
But in the second half of the season, if they're able to establish this big lead
and know that they're going to make playoffs and know that they're going to get a solid seed,
who knows, maybe even win that division.
I think the more rest you can get for those horses going into playoffs, the better.
And I don't know, maybe even fucking sit McDavid out a few games
because, as I said, there's really no governor on the guy.
You put him out there, and he's just type A.
He just fucking goes and goes and goes.
And I said it before the season started.
I think that he might get 160 points this year,
which is astronomical.
I couldn't agree more.
Dude, he's the best hockey player to ever play hockey. I'm sorry, folks. I'm sorry. He doesn't have all the records. I'm not, he's the best hockey player to ever play hockey.
I'm sorry, folks.
I'm sorry.
He doesn't have all the records.
I'm not saying he's the best career.
He's the best player that's ever played hockey.
It's a joke watching this guy.
It's a different level.
It's a different league.
I've said this 50 times on this show.
I saw a thing on NHL Network.
I think Scotty Hartnell and Bruce Boudreaux had him 50 to get
150 points. Dude, I think
he's getting 150 points.
He's averaged 150.
I think he has 150 points in his
last 82 regular season games.
Every
single night, he can get
six or seven points. You think I'm joking?
I'm not joking.
Start watching the Oilers. Any chance you get, watch the Oilers. Watch how many points he can get six or seven points. You think I'm joking? Start watching the start. I'm not joking. Start watching the Oilers.
Any chance you get, watch the Oilers.
Watch how many points he could get.
And to think about it, right?
164s, if he plays every game, that's two points a game.
Right now, he's just under three points a game.
I don't even think it's fucking crazy to think about this guy getting 200 points.
Call me stupid.
Call me dumb, dumb wit.
Call my ears big.
Make fun of my takes.
This guy could get 200 points one of these seasons.
And the power play, which is clicking at 50 right now,
is him, Leon Dreitzel, Nugent Hopkins,
Hyman, and Tyson Barry.
They're snapping it around.
They know where each other all are.
And Hyman, oh my God.
The Leafs, what a joke.
I understand the Leafs, no chance they could afford him
with what they fucking pay for forwards up front.
But how good does he look?
And I actually wondered, I didn't know, right?
I know the guy works his balls off.
I didn't really necessarily think he was as skilled as a lot of people do,
but he certainly fits in right away in Edmonton.
He goes to the net. He scores dirty goals. He's already got five. Now, granted, you're playing
with the greatest hockey player of all time, but I'm an Oilers guy. I told you I don't care how
much they dislike me. I'm on the Oilers this year. I want no team to win the Stanley Cup more than
them. I'll say the Flyers because me and Keith and Kevin, you know, best friends, right? Yeah.
After that, I'm an Oilers guy.
I want them to go on a run. Mike Smith skating. He's coming back.
He should be back soon,
but it's just about watching McDavid and watching him gun down records.
So I believe the highest point total since Yager.
Yager had one around. Can we pull this up, Mikey?
It was Kucherov's, like 128 or whatever it was.
He's dusting that this year if he stays healthy.
Dusting it.
I had that by Christmas.
Dusting it.
He could have that after 60 games, dude.
It's just so amazing to watch.
His speed, his skill.
He could lead the league in goals, too.
It's something to behold.
And I love watching him play as everyone else who's ever fucking played or watched hockey does.
I'm not speaking crazy here.
But this 150 points thing is right there.
And his point per game output year over year is continuing to progress.
It's going up.
Every year it's going up.
He's figuring out the algorithm on how to fucking beat guys
and where to pass pucks through lanes.
He's a machine.
When in 2018, 2019, Kucherov had 128 points.
Yeah.
Before that,
I think it was like Yager had 150 or something.
Yager was the last guy or maybe Lemieux.
Did Yager?
No.
Did Yager ever have 150 points?
This is just,
he must.
Yager had to have had a hundred,
at least 150.
I would think either way.
It's very impressive,
but the most impressive thing is their ability
to surround him with better players this year,
and they do have a legitimate chance
of winning the Stanley Cup.
They just got to throw the governor.
149 in 95-96.
The last guy with 150 points or more was Mario Lemieux,
and I think we're going to see it happen this year.
I truly do.
So go Oilers.
Let's go Oilers.
I'm an Oilers guy.
I'm getting a jersey.
I've said before, we're blessed to be able to watch this kid
because I've said a million times, we didn't see Gretzky a lot, man.
We really didn't.
Playoffs and sporadic games when he came to your town,
I feel lucky to go to the game.
We just didn't see a lot of Wayne Gretzky.
The fact that we can watch McDavid every night, it's fucking
awesome. It's fantastic. All right. We just
gave him the double barrel stroke
off session. We can move on. Until he stops
fucking deserving. My wrists are sore.
Oh, by the way, I hit the herbal active.
Because your team in Toronto sucks.
Biz, I hit yet another first touchdown
on a primetime game. DK Metcalf
8-1. It's like the fifth one
I've hit this year. Okay, since we're on the football talk,
quick little timeout here.
What do you guys make of the Tom Brady situation
and the guy handing back the 600 TD ball?
Sucker.
I mean, sucker.
I get the sentimentality.
Sucker, you're fucking dogging the guy, sucker.
He's got the strength coach in his face saying,
give me the ball.
You're calling him a sucker.
You would have got bullied to give it back to him.
You're the last guy to hand over a half a fucking Millwit, please.
Like, no, dude.
You're the last guy to hand over a ball estimated to be worth a half a million dollars.
I already read that the NFL wouldn't authentize the ball.
The NFL are bullies.
Anyone who's dogging that guy is a clown.
He was standing there like he didn't know what to do. By the way, what he ended up getting is not at all what i guess that ball could be sold
for but he's got everyone in his face like give me the ball back i'm he should get the pound
it ain't that easy to just walk out of the game with tom brady it's on mike evans for giving it
away for people who don't know tom brady threw his 600th career touchdown pass on sunday
embarrassing another Chicago team.
600, right?
No, I'm just amazed.
Sorry, I didn't mean to cut you off.
I'm amazed that he's trumped the 600 fucking touchdowns.
Realistically, he's probably going to get 700.
When the fuck is he going to stop playing?
So nobody's ever done it before, and Mike Evans totally out to lunch.
He's probably high as a kite playing, and he's still unbelievable.
He hands the ball to some fan.
And so, like, all of a sudden it was like a panic where they send over all these people
and the guy gives the ball back right away
and everyone's dogging him online.
Like, what an idiot.
I just think it's a lot easier said than done
to just take off and not give the ball back
when you get all these people.
So I believe he ended up getting season tickets
for the rest of this year and next,
a 1,000 gift card to the pro shop,
at least give him cash. And brady sent him over like um signed helmet and cleats and then mike evans
like the cleats he was wearing so it was a good amount of stuff in the end people are saying the
ball was worth 500 grand i just don't know like the nfl is such i'm not gonna call them nazis but
they are pretty much complete scumbags where they would have like somehow finagled the way to screw that guy over.
Yeah, he should have got Giselle on the fantasy suite for one.
Dude, Romo said that Brady should give him a night or two with Giselle on the broadcast.
No, he didn't.
He said he didn't get any fallback.
No, Romo can get away with anything.
You were telling me recently he was at a charity event and he got he got a.
So it's pretty known that on the pod last week. Oh, you didn't. You didn't. You told telling me recently he was at a charity event. And he got, he got a, so it's pretty known.
Did I tell that on the pod last week?
No, you didn't.
You didn't.
You told me, but you said he gets.
Oh my God.
He gets buckled.
He gets crippled at these events that he goes to.
Cause he's probably going to a million of them.
Cause he's Tony Romo.
And what, what, what was the, how did it all shake out with?
So old sandwich, my golf club, the best place in the world.
It's a, he was down there playing some G.
And he had been flown in.
I guess he was in town right for the past Cowboys game.
But he was giving a big speech at the We Met.
Francis We Met Foundation, a charity.
Francis We Met was an amateur, won the U.S. Open early 1900s.
He's a legend in golf.
And so now there's a huge foundation that sends kids to college.
Scholarships is an awesome thing.
And so he spoke at the big dinner, like
the big gala. He played golf.
He was buckled.
Buckled.
Couldn't even speak. He's up on stage.
Jim Nance introduces him. He's like,
What's up, Jim? How you doing?
I got some clips of this guy. Couldn't
even speak.
He couldn't put a sentence together. I don't know how What's up, Jim? How you doing? I got some clips of this guy. Couldn't even speak. You got the clips?
He couldn't put a sentence together.
I don't know how much they paid him,
but what a life where Tony Romo,
nasty golfers flying around the city,
he's getting paid 17 million a year by CBS
to announce games with Jim Nance.
He can't even keep it together to give a speech
at the Wemette dinner.
Absolutely buckle. Jim, man, you can't even keep it together to give a speech at the Wemette dinner. Absolutely buckle.
Jim, man, you're the only player good out there.
So he so fuck.
He dropped that comment on the broadcast.
Pretty funny comment.
Oh, no shit.
I thought he'd get.
I thought he'd get.
Mike Milbury did it.
He became fucking Mike.
Mike Milbury says it can be a distraction with a woman around.
But we're almost talking about
getting a night with prater quite gonzo indecent proposal over here speaking to other uh the older
guys making comments uh don cherry not happy about uh austin matthew strolling in like he's
strolling into a barbecue now i love don same i would say that wearing a nice track suit compared to some of the crazy suits that he wore would be like nicer dressed.
And last time I chirped on Cherry's suits on the podcast, people were like, oh, he donates those to charity.
It's like, yeah, like, okay, well, that's a great gesture.
He still wears them.
I know.
But come on like somebody somebody tweeted out a photo of
that nasty green one that looks like the the third jerseys for the dallas stars and he had that big
hat on too so i don't know i as far as the fashion goes i think donny boy yeah i think that's an
expected take from don cherry that he doesn't like the relaxation of the dress code it was pretty
probably predictable i I'd say.
But, I mean, they're not going to listen
to him. It's not like Dubas is going to change
anything at this point. No, Sportsnet rehired
him.
They just fired Sheldon. They just fired Sheldon
Keith and brought him back.
Yeah, I mean, I'd rather
look nice in some sick jeans,
nice kicks, and like maybe a top
you grab over Vince or something.
I don't even know what's cool than wear a fucking
fluorescent green suit that Don
Cherry's had on before. That's more offensive
than walking in with a hole in your jeans.
In my mind.
In my mind too.
It feels like there's a ripple effect going
on here. More teams might relax
I'm sure there are teams who will never do it.
R.A. won't say anything bad about Don
because he coached for the Bruins.
It keeps happening.
All right, we mentioned Edmonton is a hot team
out of the gate. The only other team that has yet
to lose in their first five games, the
Florida Panthers. 5-0
out of the gate. 22 goals for, 9
against. They've had a balanced scoring attack
with some top goal tending.
I think we've got a couple undefeated teams around
the league, R.A.
I know, but I specified undefeated
in their first five.
Oh, okay. Excuse me. Go right ahead.
Bobrovsky, 4-0
and four games started. 1-9-9 goals
against 9-4-2 save percentage.
This is what Florida was looking for when they signed him to a
10 million deal.
Spencer Knight got his first start versus Tampa Bay,
which I thought was significant.
Stopped 30 of 31 shots.
And like I said, they're just getting a balanced going attack.
Huber Dover, Hagee, Bokoff, Ekblad, Bennett.
This rookie, Anton Lindell, he was taking 12th overall and 20.
They're just getting it done.
But 5-0, nice little stop for the Cats so far, Whit.
They look great.
I think I said before the year that they could easily win that division.
It's finally maybe them on a little bit of an even playing field with Tampa
in terms of what they lost stepwise.
I've talked about Barkov and what I think about him,
how great of a player he is.
And, I mean, I actually don't think Huberto gets enough respect either
because offensively this dude's a wizard, scores big goals, plays hard,
is not easy to play
against with some people who don't see him often may think but Bennett coming over and being this
good offensively ever since last year's trade from Calgary has been such a big big like jump for them
I think that bottom line with like Thornton and Hornquist they can play in the other team's end
they could be pain in the ass to play against i don't i don't know much about i think
they got a third line center right now luster ryanan i i don't know anything about him so i
can't speak on that but he's playing with marchment and reinhardt reinhardt was one of the bigger
players to come over this summer i think we talked about that him leaving buffalo people didn't
understand how good he actually was for the sabers ekblad's healthy and then the one question and the
thing we've dogged before is Bobrovsky and how much
money he makes with Spencer Knight there. But
if he's going to play like this, Jesus Christ.
So I was looking at
this team really being at the top of
the league and no doubt that division
with Spencer Knight possibly being their
go-to guy. It looks
like that might not be the case yet. But even
to know that you have him, if Bobrovsky
does slow down and can't keep this toward pace,
it shows how good this team really is.
So Quenville, he's proven everywhere that he's an amazing coach.
He can get through to guys.
I'm sure he's happy as hell out of this disaster that was Chicago.
He's in great weather.
He's got a good team.
And that team is going to continue to win games this season.
It's not at all fluke, this start.
They're that good.
Holy shit. Was that a fucking breakdown?ke this start. They're that good. Holy shit.
Was that a fucking breakdown? They're nasty.
They're a nasty team.
I hate seeing it because Jans is gone,
but fuck, I gotta... You gotta give
credit where credit's due. They're filth.
You didn't even leave me any
crumbs with. Well, fuck, you're on
TV. Figure it out. Think of something.
What if that was just Gretzky
and Anson and they went
to you? What are you going to say?
I would say, where's your
fucking shot clock?
Hey, Wano,
where the fuck's your shot clock, bitch?
I can't believe they gave you a shot clock.
That was dirty.
You mentioned Ekblad. The only thing I could follow up
with is the fact that he's coming off that nasty
injury, but he hasn't skipped a beat.
I mean, he just scored his third goal.
They're pumping on the Arizona Coyotes, unfortunately.
But they are just so well-balanced.
And I guess the biggest question mark coming in, as opposed to Ekblad's health,
because, you know, you need your ace back there.
We always talk about it, was Bobbo.
And he's playing like the 10 million man that he is.
And you just mentioned that insurance policy they have in Spencer Knight,
who's actually playing in this game, this game tonight against the coyotes.
They're up three, one. So yeah, they look, they look really good. I,
and I also hope that they get a little bit more fan support.
Cause I've been looking at the,
like chiming into their games and they're not really drawing as well that I
would, I would expect. I the snowbirds aren't down yet.
That's true.
And football season still is on.
And actually, I know I keep drawing it back to other sports,
is we had the 25th ever sports equinox on Sunday where we had MLB playing,
NFL, hockey, and basketball.
And I was surprised to hear that that was only the 25th time in history
that all four major sports leagues were playing on the same day.
How come that doesn't happen every year?
Yeah, it used to never happen just because there used to be no overlap
between I believe it was baseball and basketball for years.
Basically, there was a period of time also when football ends.
What else isn't going going on there was never
but the last few years because the prevalence of playoffs
seasons getting expanded like we've
seen we've seen it before whereas
it like was not a fixture value and
football is only being played on well I know
Thursday it used to
not be played on Thursdays they used to have
those Sunday and then the Monday nighter
but obviously baseball being you know
backed up a little bit,
but I just thought I'd bust that in for a little fun fact.
And you told me to chime in.
So fuck sports equinox too.
That's a great little term.
I like that.
Yeah.
Yeah.
That is a good one.
All right.
Let's see.
I'll quickly wrap it up on Florida though.
Like to have Reinhardt on the third line.
And I,
who knows how these,
these lines switch like flip and flop,
but it just shows the
depth where they're getting like this kid Owen
Tippett can play he's on the second line with
Ben and Huberto ginger and
and chief shout out the shit bag
Blackhawks by the way I love the
city of Chicago the team stinks he brought
up to they got Quenville running the show there
they got forcing looking great on D
playing with Goudas and then they got to Claire
who was another Chicago send-off
on the first line with Barkov.
So just another kick in the nuts for Hawks fans.
Just absolutely kicking Stan.
Pushy Crusher, 6'9", right in the dick.
Now, listen, I know I said I would take a skydump on Bill Zito's car last year
after he tried to fuck over our boy Yans, but credit where it's due.
Nobody's going to be skydumping on his car this year.
He's made some great moves and put that team in a good spot.
So it's great to talk about new organizations on the pod.
I know it's been a while since Florida's been relevant.
Is it the year of the rat?
Let's hope not.
We shall see.
Next team up to talk about Carolina Hurricanes.
4-0 out of the gate.
They're presently playing Toronto right now as we speak.
They're up, I believe, 3-1 on the third period.
Monday night we're recording.
Carolina, man, they're getting back to form.
We saw a couple years ago.
So far, outscored the opposition 18-7, not including tonight.
We had the whole caught getting the Emmy situation.
He returned to Montreal the other night.
He got booeded and he scored.
We had a Brendan Gallagher goal disallowed.
But how about this?
The funny part of this whole,
the funniest part of this whole thing,
the Carolina Hurricanes bought the internet domain,
did the Habs Blues.com.
Oh my goodness.
And when you clicked on it,
out of control.
And when you clicked on it,
you could buy t-shirts for either Ajo or Kotkiniemi for 20 each.
Of course, that's the signing bonus number and Ajo's number.
And the promo code, Oui.
Oh, Oui.
Yes, in French.
So ultimate trolling.
But a hacker got the last laugh, apparently.
A hacker come in and hacked the account that Carolina created.
So you couldn't buy those shirts anymore.
And the team come on and said, hey, man, we're here to entertain.
We're just having fun, which I think is great because no harm no foul uh but either
way carolina 4-0 on the verge of 5-0 uh but the kotkin yummy stuff biz i know you also want to
chime in on the gallagher goal too well i'll go back to that but they weren't done trolling
before the leaf game they fucking send the pj over they bring in david ayers to get the crowd pumped up
they are just second time i think he's already done it once yeah they are just on a troll job
mission um yeah so the gallagher goal i had uh ryan miller scored on him by the way uh he chirped
me on twitter ray croft chirped me on twitter mike mckenft chirped me on Twitter. Mike McKenna chirped me on Twitter.
I thought that  I think that the rule is getting a little bit soft.
They said that he impeded Anderson's ability to stop that puck.
I thought that Anderson had already established position.
Gallagher's skate heels were on the line of the crease,
and they were both in a squat position.
So it's not like  it didn't look like he
was impeding with his space nor touching him the the at the point where he ends up touching him
was where he when he reached up deflected the puck but by then it looked like it was already behind
him i thought it was a bullshit uh uh goaltender interference i think that gallagher seems to get
fucked on at least two or three of these every year.
Mind you, he is going to the blue paint every night.
He goes to those dirty areas.
I just thought that one in particular was one of those eye roll ones where I compare it to the way that the NFL has gone with the roughing the passer, where you're just like, Jesus Christ, we're trying to create offense here.
And that's the type of soft shit that you're going to call back.
So, of course, the Habves ended up getting routed um ra i think that you disagreed where you're like no well within the
rules that was going interference so i was like ah fuck whatever i'll let it go but cock cocking
in the emmy if that's even how you say it i'm going to just bury that one we'll roll with it
i mean well deserved after taking booze for what signing the offer sheet is that what he
got paid for yeah i mean making making some bread they're just taking all their frustration on their
team out on him they all just know their team stinks so let's blame this guy let's yell at him
and just do anything wrong and to stick with carolina like what else needs to be said that
we haven't already said incredible Incredible culture that's been established.
You knew that Rob Brindamore was going to have these guys ready to go.
The big dogs continue to produce.
They haven't skipped a beat after losing Dougie Hamilton.
They just fill in that role.
And, I mean, this is a playoff team.
They're dangerous.
We all know that. They could easily go on a run and win the Stanley Cup.
And I think that Anderson just needed to get out of Toronto,onto clear his mind and i think he's going to have an
incredible bounce back season much like probably any net minor that spent too much time in toronto
944 save percentage uh there's 175 goals again stopped 18 to 19 thus far tonight uh he has been
a difference in the change the scenery could be great for his career go ahead back to you
what's right no i obviously i've watched this whole leafs game matthew's got one on him being best
buddies kind of not surprised there uh and matthews was so due but this team is really good man they're
going to compete they're going to be right there they're going to be in the playoffs with a chance
to win the stanley cup really dependent on goaltending i think and the ability to score
come playoff crunch time but i love this team s. Svechnikov, that guy is something else.
Teravainen and Ajo have this special connection.
Coctin Yemi's been playing with them.
This Nekish, I don't know how I say his name, filth,
just another guy that they've kind of brought up, brought in, that's looked good.
I think Ethan Baer has been really solid so far with Slavin,
and I just think they play with a ton of pace.
It's like Brindamore, we've talked all last year. They play exactly like the way Rod Brindamore played.
So it's a deep team.
Derek step-ons on that team.
So it's like a veteran down on the fourth line that can kill penalties.
It's just a team that's going to be in the hunt all season long to compete
for their division.
And they're showing right now that they're a much better team than Toronto.
I think there's been times Toronto's looked good tonight,
but Carolina's just wore them down and gotten great goaltending.
And the team we just mentioned before that, Montreal,
absolutely disastrous start, 0-5 out of the gate.
They were outscored 19-4.
They did get a 6-1 win Saturday over Detroit,
but this is a broken team right now
they tied the worst start to a season
for a team that went to the Stanley Cup Final the previous
year unfortunately the
Berger van said quote it's a long
shot that Shea Weber ever plays
again Jonathan
Drewin is leading the team
two goals three assists five points
in six games followed by
Perot then Dvorak.
Suzuki, he got that big paycheck.
He's got one assist.
Caulfield, one assist.
This is, I'm sorry, going into our recording.
Gallagher, no points yet.
Jake Allen has been forced into more of a starter's role
due to the Gary Price situation.
One and four, the 2-6-5 and a 9-0-5 going into, again, this recording.
Just a disaster for Montreal right now.
It's going to get to the point maybe where it's going to be too big
to dig out of perhaps.
Oh, they're done.
They have no chance of making the playoffs.
Zero.
I don't even think they did.
You know what?
They had a chance if Carey Price was playing and playing like his usual self,
yeah, because he keeps you in games, but they they can't score they're missing their leader on defense it's really shitty to hear that that
that Bergevin says Shea Weber probably will never play again but he's been through so much battled
for so long you're not really that surprised but I mean Gallagher zeros on the board so far like
you mentioned Suzuki one assist I I said in a couple weeks ago, they lost to Null.
Like, you don't really understand what that does.
It makes a center like Suzuki get all these matchups
that he hadn't been dealing with prior.
So it's a tough, very tough sledding right now for this team.
I don't really know what you hold hope on.
I mean, they dusted Detroit, which was good,
but I look at that team, like their power play has been pathetic before,
and now they don't even have the big shot of Weber on there.
It's not like that's going to make them any better on the man advantage.
And then the goaltending, without Price, it's just they're a team
that's just severely outmatched almost every game they play,
along with a fan base that is going to get worse and worse
and more ruthless and ruthless as this goes on.
So certainly if you're a Toronto Maple Leafs or Montreal Canadian fan right
now, you want to puke.
Yeah.
I think that run last year kind of provided a little bit of false hope as
to what was a phony run.
It wasn't a phony run.
It was a phony fucking run.
That back Mac,
they got incredible goaltending and the most timely goal scoring from
guys that came out of nowhere ever so yeah you just you're not going to be able to replicate
that in a full 82 game season that's why i didn't have them making playoffs and at this point other
than that win against detroit where they didn't have detroit didn't have their best player because
he couldn't even go to Canada.
They pounded him, but we're not going to see much of that this year.
And I guess your your only hope is that you get out of this season where you see some progression from the young guys like Caulfield, who, you know, he's these guys.
All of a sudden, they don't have enough guys around that are taking the microscope off of them.
And then Suzuki signs this massive deal. He's got one assist so far. All of a sudden, they don't have enough guys around that are taking the microscope off of them.
And then Suzuki signs this massive deal.
He's got one assist so far.
Yeah, is there a lot of hockey left?
But guys, these kids are getting paid based on what they're projecting, what they can provide.
You just got to hope that this type of season
doesn't beat the wheels off of the guy's confidence
moving forward to where he at least gets close
to what you ended up paying him.
Because that's a lot of money coming his way.
I mean, I'm all over them.
They're not as bad as I'm  they're not this bad, right?
Like, you got to think Anderson ends up getting going at some point.
Caulfield's going to score 20 goals.
I believe that.
So at some point, this team will get going a little bit,
but I just  I truly think that there's no chance of making playoffs,
and I thought that before the season even began,
and you saw this start.
Yeah, we're going to have to see the old Toffoli.
We're going to have to see the old Hoffman.
We're going to have to see the old, who did you just mention?
I'm very happy, though.
Anderson.
I just mentioned Anderson.
I'm very happy, though, for Druin,
because everyone knows what he's been through mentally
and coming back and at least having some
success on the score sheet it's good to see a story like that come out of a team where there's
not many good storylines right now well said well whether you're ready to pop the question or mark a
special occasion find jewelry as unique as her with the modern convenience of online shopping at
bluenile.com picked from a vast selection of preset diamonds and gemstone jewelry,
Blue Nile offers endless options ready to ship same day.
Having trouble choosing?
Blue Nile has jewelry experts on hand 24-7,
available via phone or chat to help you find or build a memorable gift at every budget.
BlueNile.com is the original online jeweler.
Since 1999, they've helped millions of couples create their perfect engagement ring.
Mark the moments that matter with jewelry from BlueNile.com and listeners get 50 off 500.
This podcast exclusive offers, I'm sorry, this podcast exclusive offer includes engagement
rings. So use the code chicklets. That's code chicklets, C-H-I-C-L-E-T-S. Every order is insured,
ships free, and arrives in discreet packaging that won't give away what's inside. So shop
stress-free and find your forever peace. Go to blDial.com today and use the code CHICKLETS.
Oh, with all the jewelry talk, I thought you were going to mention
Tampa Bay and their new rings.
Yeah.
They got the rings, Biz.
We'll get to them a little bit later, though.
You got my hopes up to talk about Fall Out Boy,
who headed that concert that they had, the little private concert.
But let's talk about the Leafs before we get to Mr. Negative Wit.
2-3-1 out of the gate, outscored 19-12.
Mitch Mono just one assist in the first six games.
Austin Matthews, no points in the first three games.
I know we obviously fixed that in the fourth game,
but that first game versus the Rangers when he came back,
I know it was an insane game. The Rangers won 2 one panarin's ot goal i know uh mr gretzky himself had an ot
proposal you wanted to mention the show yeah unreal three on three matthews actually almost
ended up scoring was it uh shisterkin in that when he ended up coming out and challenge him
and truba made a great play on the puck but those those are the types of three-on-threes that you want to last 10 minutes long.
And I still think that the league should consider
extending the three-on-three overtime to 10 minutes.
I think David Amber mentioned it online.
As of right now, they say the PA,
just based on the safety of the players,
because usually the guys playing three-on-three
are the guys who have already lugged 22 minutes of ice time.
And then as far as some D, maybe in the 28-minute range,
so you don't want to play an even longer getting into different cities later.
But I digress.
What Wayne was saying is a lot of the times in these three-on-three
is you're getting teams, even if they have possession in the offensive zone,
sometimes they'll bring the puck back to rag it in order to reset, maybe get a few fresh players off.
He said once you cross center with it, you shouldn't be able to bring it
back outside center ice.
You could bring it back outside the zone, but not go past center.
So you're not having these guys rag the puck and kill a lot of the
three-on-three time.
And he thinks that it'll increase the pace,
kind of like in basketball where you can't go over and back.
I thought it was a nice little small proposal
in order to make the pace pick up
and not waste as much of the minimal three-on-three time that we have.
Do you agree with that?
Would you like to see the fact that you can't bring it back across center ice?
Maybe let's say this, when you get it full possession in the offensive zone.
I'm trying to picture what it would look like.
I don't know.
I understand how when they do throw it back to the goalie
or really take it out of the offensive zone to reset,
maybe get some new guys in there and hopefully catch the other three tired
and not allow them to change.
But a lot of times they're going back and they kind of wheel it right back up i think what ends up being an issue sometimes is when it's three on three and it's man
on man in the offensive zone there's just really nothing going on that's when it's like most boring
i feel like because once you start getting the rushes back and forth it's great that overtime
was one of the best three on three overtimes i've ever seen the other night rangers toronto i
actually thought that game it was matthew's game back. He could have had eight goals.
He was a force.
But I guess I see what
the great one's talking about. It's more about
it would just be weird off the hop seeing how
it would go because guys would still take
it out of the zone, but it'd be harder to get
the change. You couldn't throw it back to the goalie.
I don't know. I don't know how
I feel about that one. I got to think about it a little bit longer.
Okay, so going back to the Leafs, as far as their play,
they're 2-3-1.
No need to hit the panic.
2-4-1.
Oh, is the game over now?
They got three minutes.
They're down 3-1.
They stink.
I guess I'm not winning that puck line bet for fuck's sake.
Shani, I want my 100 back.
Before this game, they were leading the league in scoring chances,
slot shots, cycle chances slot shots cycle chances and
rebound chances and this comes from mike kelly who's a big analytic guy they're getting the
cracks marner is in a massive rut i was listening to the 32 thoughts podcast and elliot seemed to
think that the noise especially in the playoff time definitely affects Marner and it build it up, especially through the run as game seven.
Like the series prolonged and went to game seven.
Excuse me.
I don't know if that's carried over,
but you listen to Morgan Riley speak or anyone in that locker room.
They say despite the struggles that these guys have offensively,
the attitude that they bring to the rink every day
and their desire to get better and to want to win,
that doesn't change.
They don't shrug their shoulders or whatever it may be.
That's why I have confidence in this team.
We knew there was going to be some question marks coming in
with the fact that they had to replace Hyman.
They did so by doing it with cheaper players like Bunting.
I don't know
if necessarily the richie experiments uh worked out uh that was your boy though listen i said he
had a good pre-season and the fact that he looked like he could step into that role do i put a lot
of stock in pre-season no but i was fucking hopeful because i'm i'm a pessimist or no an
opt what is it shut up wit optimist i'm not thank you granelli i'm an
optimist and i still think this team can fucking figure it out they're gonna make playoffs i know
that i bet my dick on it they're gonna figure out the offense i just showed you all those those uh
analytical things that they've been doing properly the puck's gonna find the back of the net
mitch martyr's still gonna end up getting you know, 70 points and he's going to heat up once he gets out of this rut. Everybody goes through it at
some point in their career. Austin Matthews, we know he's going to get his scoring chances. He
just potted his first this season. He's going to get going. Everybody's bitching about Tavares
looks slow. Tavares looks so you think he fucking cares about the first 10, 15 games of the season,
knowing this is a playoff team. No. He's going to get the
bus warmed up. He's going to find his hot
streak. The D's going to get rolling. They're going to
get the goaltending they need. For a fan
to throw a jersey on the ice when
your team is 2-3-1,
you need a fucking brain
transplant. Someone's trying to go viral
or something.
2-3-1 getting a jersey
chucked on the ice. So fuck off with this panic button bullshit.
Have they been playing their best hockey? No.
And this is the type of team you guys know what you leave fans when they get
in that offensive rhythm. It's like watching a,
it's like watching like a fucking beautiful ballet.
All of us. Oh my God. Everything's working. And when it's not,
sometimes it can look really ugly and disappointing.
And that's where it's at right now.
So once they catch their confidence and their stride,
they are going to be a playoff team.
Are they going to contend for the Stanley Cup?
Well, we've yet to see it.
And if anything, I'm more happy that they're going through this adversity
at the beginning of the season than they are come right around the corner
from playoffs, baby.
So right over to Witt.
I don't  I think it's  I think they're a good team.
I think they're an above-average team.
I think that  you want to know what they have in common
with like the Buffalo Sabres though?
They both have the exact same chance at winning the stanley cup you're not kidding an idiot no no
no no no no no no no you're a fucking there is zero chance this team could win a stanley cup
zero i'm telling you this right now dude they have fucking three forwards that make 34 million bucks.
Matthews is the only one that's worth what he's making, in my mind.
Marner, first team all-star, no doubt.
This guy, when he's on, fuck, is he unreal.
He's over, I think three years in a row now, he's a lot over a point per game player.
He's great.
But the way this team is built, they have zero chance at winning the Stanley Cup.
And I think that they are a playoff team.
I think they can get in,
but I think that you look at the depth,
you look at the goaltending.
I love Morgan Riley.
Look at a lot of the D.
It's just, it's not there, dude.
It's not there.
I think they're a good team.
I think when they get going,
and you talked about those numbers, it's for certain that their shooting percentage is going to go up.
It's really low right now.
It'll go back to a level where it's kind of normal when they'll start getting
more than two goals a game, but they ain't winning the cup, dude.
This team has cup aspirations.
Maybe deep down, they actually like know that they can't win.
Maybe deep down Dubas knows there's no chance this team could win a Stanleyley cup i just want to win around in the playoffs to actually get like some good
faith from the fans but if you're a true fan of the maple leafs and you're watching us on youtube
look in my eyes and try telling me that you think this team could win this put your cock on the line
i fucking put my cock on the line you didn't do anything about it your bets are fucking i doubled
down you don't even pay double down i said doubled down. I said I didn't miss playoffs.
Yeah, you're not going to do it again.
There's no chance the Toronto Maple Leafs win the Stanley Cup.
You heard it here first.
And I do think that Matthews is so incredible that he's worth that money.
Tavares, I understand why he got the money.
But as he's getting older, you're seeing his game dwindle down a little bit.
Foot speed thing is an issue.
I understand what you're saying, Biz.
He knows it's a marathon, not a sprint.
He's not at all panicked that he's gotten off to a little
bit of a slow start. The Marner one
is different, and
it's different because he's a Toronto kid.
Every single
person in the province knows how much money
he makes, and he looks
like he's not having fun.
He looks like he needs to have one of those moments and it'll happen this
year.
Marner will have a 10 game stretch this year.
He gets 20 points.
I'll guarantee it.
But it looks right now,
like the weight of the world's on him.
And tonight he got walked on the point.
He got walked by Slavin in the third goal,
just completely torched at the offensive,
his defensive blue line.
And it's just like the,
the shoulder shrug.
And I know what you're saying.
Morgan Riley says,
these guys show up.
What else is he going to say?
Is there a teammate?
You can't tell me like right now,
Marner's body language on the ice looks like a guy who's kind of happy to be
playing hockey.
I think right now he's feeling,
I make 11.3 million,
whatever I make,
I'm expected to score at least a point or two every night. And I'm not doing my job and I'm starting to actually hear about it.3 million, whatever I make, I'm expected to score at least a point or two every night,
and I'm not doing my job, and I'm starting to actually hear about it.
It's the same thing in pro sports.
It doesn't matter what sport you're talking about.
When you have young players, and maybe not McDavid, but even in his case,
at some point you go through adversity.
And it is good that he's going through it right now.
But when, and I don't know Mitch Barner personally,
but in looking from the outside as a fan of the NHL and how good he can be,
when has that kid ever had adversity?
He's hitting it right now.
And it's definitely a lot easier than the time.
Yeah.
But this is like the same thing almost.
I mean, I don't think he scored a goal in the last 20 games, right?
Like dating back to, to, to last playoff and then even going into the last regular season
a little bit.
I don't know how many  has he even ever scored a playoff goal?
Dude, this team, like you want Marner making that money on this team?
No, I think what's happened, and I mean it's in the past,
I think that when that all went down, he put an immense amount of pressure on himself.
And the playoff performance hurts you and then now the fact that off of that horrible playoff performance you think
okay we're gonna at least get regular season Mitch to start the season and then everybody's
gonna back off and then all of a sudden he's got what one assist in the last six games to start the
year top in here Grinelli is he has five playoff goals in his career but he doesn't have a single
playoff goal in the past two seasons there you you go. So, and then, like I said, dating back to last regular season,
I don't know when it's been since he scored a goal. So I think,
so I just wonder, I just wonder, like when you look at teams, it's like,
you know, they decided we're going to get as much as we possibly can get.
And, and now it's like, look at this team,
like look at how much money is given to those three guys.
Like, how do you feel the cup contender when that's the case?
I just think they got to get hot at the right time.
And they got enough good players, good ones.
Like, for instance, what Nylander did in playoffs last year,
if he can repeat that if they get in,
if you got a great second-line center in Tavares,
if he's able to heat up,
Marner and Matthews speak for themselves
if they can find that playoff stride.
I just think it's all about timing with these guys
because you see them go through these cycles,
and that's what I'm going to base my hope on.
And in the fact that they can actually keep Morgan Riley
because he's up for contract.
So there was a lot of question marks coming into the season including Matthews coming off of injury
as well so we're it's early I'm not chucking my jersey on the ice I still think this is a very
good hockey team and I'm excited to see them turn it around all right I'll say they're good
not putting very good on it but they are a good, and it won't be this bad. But this is when you got to really kind of try to be as positive you can
if you're Mitch Marner because, like, sulking.
I'm not saying he's sulking, but sulking and being like,
woe is me is not going to get you anywhere.
You're hearing that from somebody who fucking went through his whole career
sulking, woe is me.
Well, he doesn't want to give Steve Bangle a heart attack.
He's probably upset.
That's why he's shrugging his shoulders.
All right,
boys moving right along the New York ranges.
Another team with a pretty good shot out of the gate,
a four one-on-one start a four.
Owen trip was their first perfect trip of four or more games since February
of 2015.
Did that big Saturday comeback versus Ottawa losing two,
nothing with five minutes off.
They scored three goals in the final three 20 to win the game.
Almost got a little puck line. Jesus action there while we were watching that part. losing 2-0 with five minutes left. They scored three goals in the final 3-20 to win the game.
Almost got a little puck line Jesus action there while we were watching.
I know we talked about Fox on here.
That pass from him to Lindgren, D to D, going to the crease.
Absolutely unreal goal.
Not sure if you guys caught that, but pretty adventurous game as well.
Chris Craddock crashed the net, knocked into Murray,
ended up knocking him out of the game.
I don't think he did it deliberately. I don't think it was on purpose,
but Brady Kachuk went after him.
Of course, Brady fought earlier in the game,
fought Jacob Truger as well.
Pretty entertaining tilt, but show the Rangers
look like a different team this year. What so
far don't we saw last year?
No doubt.
They had one off night. It happened to be opening
night when Washington put a beat
down on them, and since, it's been lights out.
The goaltending's been phenomenal.
Shusterkin is sick.
This guy, the Shusterkin and Sorokin in Long Island
is shaping up to be two legendary goalies for the Islanders-Rangers rivalry.
And the fans are kind of chirping each other as to who's got the better goalie.
I think, yeah, I kind of lean towards Sorokin.
I meant to tell you guys, as much as it pains me to say,
the Islanders are winning the Cup.
The Islanders are winning the Cup.
Yeah.
I'll go back to the Rangers quick.
I hope so.
I like this team.
Have you seen Revo's little scream before the game, too?
Should Sterkin set us free or release us or whatever he says?
So I think that they're fun to watch.
First off,
I really enjoy watching this Rangers team play to have some Ben and
Chad and the front of the air,
really kind of having a connection and criders on that line.
And then also like Panarin turns Strom, you know,
Panarin makes Strom a better player than he is.
I, I, I, I like Strom's game.
I think Ryan Strom's a great player,
but when you're playing with Panarin, he's like, this guy's going to
get him paid. He's going to make this dude
a lot of money. And so the ability
to have Reeves on the fourth line with some
toughness that they didn't have,
I don't
know enough about this Hedl.
Philippe Hedl, is that his name?
He's playing third line center right now. I know
he's skilled offensively, but like
Sammy Blais on that line and Gauthier, it's a different team than last year. I know he's skilled offensively, but like Sammy Blay on that line
and Gauthier, it's a different team than last year
because I think they've just, with a couple of additions,
they've at least added a little bit of sandpaper.
And then Fox hasn't slowed down at all.
So you talk about like the slump after winning the Norris.
Nope.
We talked about him.
We blew him last week, so we can kind of hold the horses on that.
I know his agent.
Well, I mean, do you see the fucking plays he made on the road trip?
He fucking made the pass to Blay. Oh, in Nashville. can kind of hold the horses on that i know his mat is well i mean you see the fucking plays he made on the road trip he fucking oh dude dick has one play oh in nashville and then the game against ottawa man the pump fakes he threw at the blue line even to open himself up to give that back
door tap in like come on man i think the only kind of not question mark but maybe weakness is their d
uh like they're five six nemeth and Lundqvist.
Keandre Miller's young.
I think that he's definitely had steps of improvement this year,
at least from what I'm reading around the Rangers.
Trouba's obviously making a ton of money.
I think you kind of hope you get a little bit more offense out of him,
but you don't necessarily need it with Fox.
It's a team that really can rely on goaltending now
because even when Georgiev's in there, he's good.
But Shosturka, no doubt, is their number one, and he is filthy.
I love saying guys are filthy.
It's just like it rolls off my tongue.
I wish somebody said I was filthy.
They say I'm filthy off the ice.
I never got filthy playing.
4-0 road trip.
I don't know when the last time they did that was,
but that obviously set the tone, got a lot of guys' confidence brewing.
Goudreau's fit in perfectly.
A couple big clutch goals for them.
And then you mentioned that Sammy Blais.
I don't know.
A lot of people would criticize his skating when he came up.
Not sure if he could keep up at the NHL pace,
but the plays he makes with his  he's got silky, silky mitts.
And he's been finding guys wide open that
lafreniere i think i think it was in um in nashville where he ended up setting them up back
that was the pass fox gave to uh play first to play first so these guys are just clicking on
all cylinders right now going back to that hit on murray guys that was 100 accidental i ended up
sending out a tweet being like do people actually
think this is intentional people thought i said it in the tone of like i was just like genuinely
asking the question some people are fucking dumb in there i even have larry brooks after me sarcasm
and twitter or oil and water too big so like you know everybody looks back to crider i think he hit
carrie price like six years ago so everybody just is going to hold it to him for the rest of his life.
They basically treat him like he's Hannibal Lecter
when they put him on the ice.
Anyway, great team that's clicking,
and of course coaching probably has a lot to do with it.
Those guys are playing loose and loving life right now.
So I was bullish on the Rangers from the start.
The only big pick I had in preseason
not making me look like a complete
fucking donkey right now.
Hello, Clarice.
Hannibal.
You said Hannibal Lack, though.
Sorry.
Well, that's what they're treating him like every time he's out on the ice.
They think he's the dirtiest.
I saw some people respond to your tweet.
Well, when it happens over and over, it's like, dude,
it hasn't really happened that many times.
Good to see.
And the on-ice awareness, maybe it's just not there,
and it wasn't intentional.
I mean, we did see him go offside by 20 feet.
A couple times.
Also, I did mention Brady Kachuk fought Jacob Trubu that day.
Per the hockeyfights.com polls, Brady Kachuk,
11-3 in his short career as an NHL. Well, you said that he went
after Kreider.
That was more of a result for when
the goalie was pulled and he hit it
and Kreider hit one of their guys from behind,
which was a boarding.
I think he was a little bit more aware
of his positioning on that hit, so
Brady said, hey, I've seen enough of this shit, and then
went after him, and I think he tried to shove his
fist down his throat.
Kreider's kind of one of those guys,
maybe like not a diehard Rangers fan
or an enormous NHL fan may not know.
He's like 225.
You know what I mean?
I remember telling people who didn't watch a ton of Marion Hosa
how big he was.
They're like, what, really?
Kreider's fucking enormous.
So you see him hammering guys all the time because he's one of those dudes.
He just runs into somebody with how fast he can get going.
He sends guys flying.
But that one play on Murray, it was totally accidental.
I couldn't agree more with your biz.
And I think he ended up leaving with a groin injury, not even a head injury.
So enough of that.
It's kind of like the PK slew foot.
Some guys just don't like guys, and they're just going to say that anything
they do with this isn't Matt cook.
We're talking about next up.
We're going to take a look at Minnesota first.
We do want to let you know,
we have a pair of guests coming on chicklets today.
We have Tom Bussey Martin.
You'll understand why we call him Bussey.
When we bring them on a little bit and then Brady shade defenseman for
Carolina, we'll get him on a little bit as well,
but Minnesota come out the gate
hot 4-0 until they lost
to Nashville on Sunday 4-1.
They had a wild game at Winnipeg
the other night. 6-5 win.
That was a crazy game. They're down
5-3 with five minutes left.
Winnipeg had an empty net goal to seal
it. I think it was Shifley scored it,
but Kyle Conner's offside.
So the goal comes down.
Erickson Eck comes down, scores the tie-in goal.
Then in overtime, Talbot makes this crazy save.
It's a three-on-one the other day.
Eck wins the game in overtime.
Absolute bananas.
Fucking biz.
I know you want to chime in on that game.
Also, the Superman punch between Moose and Brendan Dillon.
Holy fuck.
Mixing a water, all right.
Sorry, dude.
There was a lot going on there.
No shit.
That was a pretty wild game.
As far as the offside, though, let's go to that first.
Drag a leg.
That game was signed, sealed, and delivered.
Connors had an unreal season.
I think he was first star of the week as well.
Tough to blame him.
Bit of a meltdown for the Winnipeg Jets.
Unreal game for Foligno to be mic'd up too.
Ends up challenging.
Who did he fight there from?
Oh, geez, now I'm drawing blanks here.
From San Jose, moved over to Washington.
Dylan.
And he gives them the fucking Superman punch.
The crowd's going absolutely bananas.
Then, of course, as I mentioned mentioned he's miked up so they get
the comeback tying goal and then the ot winner and it was a very exciting overtime as well it was a
big save at one end goes all the way down and kaprizov sets up the winner minnesota is buzzing
they end up falling to nashville the other night but just a great hot start for a fan base that
we're happy for and that the fact that they got a team that's going to compete i didn't have them making playoffs like the bozo that i am and that just goes back
to all my terrible pre-season predictions but wit i know that you are bullish on these guys and
what do you think of that start i think they're i think they're looking great the building looks
like completely off the hook now it's it's every night it seems like the place has gone nuts with different,
I'd say different type of like offense, right?
I mean, when Kaprasov came over, everything's kind of changed,
but you can't just like put it on him.
I mean, he makes Eriksson act look so good,
but then like they have depth.
We're just talking about like getting more than just one or two lines scoring,
but like Fiala's playing on the third line right now,
and Rask is playing with him and
goudreau who came over who looks good i just think that they do have they do have all the things going
for them in a sense of like everyone knows their roles it looks like a team that's pretty determined
and understands what each guy's job is you know they never really look lost on the ice you got
to give their coach credit like a lot of people kind of wondered about that hire dean evans has
done a really good job, but in the end,
it's been a one players really changed the entire trajectory of the entire
team. So this dude, he's such a game breaker.
He held out for a lot of money, deserve the money.
And I think that Goligosky is coming also on D that's a guy who's from
Minnesota. They bring him in. He's a veteran presence.
Spurgeon's an awesome leader, a captain of that team.
We've talked about him.
I said it when RA and I were doing this podcast alone, he was
the most underrated player in the league. That was like five
years ago now. No, that's Barkov.
No, no, no, no, no. This was like before Barkov
might have even been playing.
I just remember always talking about Spurgeon.
I was always, what R.A.? I said Louis
Erickson was the most underrated player when we started.
Until he got those shoulder pads.
Louis Erickson was the most underrated player in we started. Until he got those shoulder pads, the ones that were too bad. No, no, no. Louis Erickson was the most underrated player in the league.
Yeah, for years.
I will back Whit up here, though.
He has been saying it for years,
Jared Spurgeon, most underrated player in the league.
Yeah, so the team's solid.
They're good.
They're fun to watch now.
They never really were.
Also, Hartman, too.
He looks good.
He was in Nashville.
He was in Chicago.
And he's settled in Minnie's second line center right now.
And Foligno's playing on his wing.
And I think the best thing about Foligno is how tough, I mean,
he could fight anyone in the league, Biz.
I didn't really, I knew he was big, but fuck, that Superman punch,
BX style, that was pretty sick to watch.
I feel like this is a come out party type season for him.
And he had that big goal to get things going after the fight
at the start of that third period to start that comeback.
So he plays on the right wing and then Greenway's on the left wing.
Like those two monsters playing on that line with Hartman.
And he was hilarious when he come on with us too.
If you haven't listened to his,
by the way,
Marcus Foligno,
he was like,
I jumped back at how funny he was.
He was,
he was good shit.
So check that out.
One of the note on that Nashville,
Minnesota game. I mentioned Sunday night, Nashville goaltaltender connor ingram he won his first nhl
start uh and he did tweet afterwards nine months to the day that i stepped away and went into the
nhl pa program for help i played my first game amazing the things that can happen when you put
your mental health first uh hashtag let's talk so k. So kudos to Connor for getting the W and for speaking out.
Congrats to him.
That's great.
Congrats.
Absolutely fantastic stuff.
And you know what?
Hey, fuck it, boys.
Let's send it over to Bussie right now.
Tom, Bussie Martin with one of the all-time trade stories ever.
Catch you on the other end.
First, we do have an ad for you.
This interview is brought to you by Cross Country Mortgage.
Cross Country Mortgage is much like us at B Bastu, a people-first group of people.
They are dedicated to the fundamentals of mortgage lending, which results in a fast,
convenient, and less stressful home financing or refinancing experience.
And right now, rates are unbelievably low.
Don't pay the bank more money than you need to.
Cross Country Mortgage makes the process as painless and simple as possible
and helps keep you with your money in your pocket
so you can do fun things like take road trips
and see your favorite team on the road.
If you're a homeowner and haven't refiled lately,
you could be leaving thousands or even tens of thousands of dollars on the table.
And that's money that could go toward a new shed toy
or just some pocket cash or whatever.
Rates are at an all-time low right now and may never get this low again.
So call today for a fast, free, great quote and a free home valuation.
And when you do, tell them Barstool sent you.
Go to crosscountrymortgage.com slash Barstool to learn more about your future home buying experience or to refinance your current mortgage.
tool to learn more about your future home buying experience or to refinance your current mortgage that's cross-country mortgage llc and mls 3029 all loans subject to underwriting approval
www.nmlsconsumeraccess.org and now enjoy tom bussy martin Bussie Martin. I'd like to welcome our next guest to the show.
He played 92 NHL games with Winnipeg,
Hartford, and Minnesota.
He also won a Calder Cup with the Sherbrooke Canadiens in 1985
and was a first-team AHL All-Star in 1988
with the Binghamton Whalers.
And he also has a unique place in hockey history,
which we'll get to shortly.
But thanks so much for joining us on the Spittin' Chicklets podcast, Tom Bussey Martin.
How's it going, man?
Oh, how's that for an intro?
That's the best intro ever.
Don't get the all-stars ever.
I'm doing great, guys.
I take Venmo at a...
Thanks for having me.
My pleasure.
Based on this hockey...
You're making me into a god with my daughter and her friends.
Oh, really?
Okay.
My daughter's 21, and all her friends are guys.
They just love spitting shit.
Yeah, the last time we had a 20-year-old girl told us she listened to the podcast,
it was Wit, and it was Jim McKenzie's daughter.
And she's like, I'm sick of hearing about my old man's horn.
I play with Jimmy, too, and bingo.
Oh, my.
My lord.
I think it's once every six months.
I know the poor girl is just like, oh, my God.
You played with Jim Kite, too, right?
Oh, yeah.
He was my roommate for two years in Winnipeg.
I got some Kiter stories for you.
Wow.
Hey, so.
Oh, yes.
Kiter.
So, Bussy, Biz said, hey, this guy's a legend.
We're going to have him on.
He's got a million old stories.
And I think the main one is the nickname, right?
Do we get into that now?
I'm so curious as to how this went down.
This is what caught my ear right away.
And I'm like, yeah, I got to get this guy on the podcast for sure.
But the main reason I got you on is because you won some money off me in the dice game.
So I figured I needed to get compensated back somehow.
Oh, you joined the country club in the alley of Vancouver?
He thinks it's on Hastings.
We play it behind the garbage can with behind the clubhouse we use a flashlight you guys don't have a practice putting green you
just got a nice little uh dice area we don't have a driving rage but fuck off that doesn't matter
it's still a great time right bussy oh yeah for sure yeah with lots of money hey the dice is a
great game though hey biz i'll tell I'll tell you what, man.
You were drunk as a skunk, and the minute we started playing that game, you were like,
you'd sober up.
Oh, yeah.
So what was the name of the game we were playing?
We called Liar's Dice.
Okay.
Liar's Dice.
Everyone's like, yeah, I don't know what that is.
Could you go up online and look at the rules?
You can.
So basically, it's planned to say the four of us are playing. We all start with five dice. Everyone's like, yeah, I don't know what that is. Could you go up online and look at the rules? You can.
So basically, it's planned to say the four of us are playing.
We all start with five dice.
We roll it.
Then you have to bid until you think a guy's bidding too high.
So wits, you would go four fours.
I'd either have to go four fives or five fours.
Then you keep going around until one number is just like 17 twos.
Then you go, bullshit.
You pull it.
If the guy's got it, you lose the dice.
But if he does have it, you lose the dice.
It's hard to explain a dice game on a podcast.
But long story short, it's fun.
There's a lot of bluffing involved. And there's a lot of drinks involved.
And what's the original ante?
What's the ante everyone's throwing in?
20.
20. 20. but it's something like...
My mortgage payment.
Yeah, Biz is doing swipe ups to get it back.
No, but it's more one of those things where you can end up
losing or winning a lot even though you start
with the ante at 20, one of those.
Oh, yeah. Yeah, yeah, yeah. I love those games.
You start with usually about 15
guys. Yeah, like 60 bucks.
Yeah.
Like a tank of gas. That's how I think's how i think hey biz loses a buck 20 and withdraws from the member guests yeah i'm out i'm in the parking
lot i'm in the parking lot with a shame i'm not gonna lie for for a newcomer biz played really
well i'm good at the game i'm very yeah money's involved he focused in he probably took an
adderall right when he realized there was a game going on.
Okay, so we got to get to the nickname story.
Let's kick it off like that.
I think our fans would really enjoy that.
And where were you at the time when you were playing?
I was playing at the University of Denver.
Okay.
And we had  What's that?
Pioneers.
Pioneers, that's right.
And we had Ryan Malone on, and he had a pretty good recruiting story.
Let's actually get into the recruiting trip before we get into the story about the
Well, you know, back in 82 when I went to school,
you were allowed to go on six recruiting trips.
That was what the NCAA double ruled.
And, you know, they were all the same.
I went to North Dakota.
I went to Clarkson.
I went to Bowling Green, Northern Michigan.
I didn't make it to school.
It was a blizzard.
I didn't see it.
Fuck, I said, I'm not going there.
And the last trip I did was Denver. I was going to go to court. I was going to go to Clarkson. I liked the coach. He had a good program close to Montreal, which I loved.
But I went in and all the trips were the same biz. You know, you fly in, they pick you up,
take you for Chinese food with the coach. The next day you go see the rink, you'll get drunk
with the guys in the team,
hopefully get laid.
And then you fly back.
It's like cookie cutter,
right?
Cookie cutter.
So I go to Denver and I get it off the airport.
And there's a guy in a tuxedo with my name on a card,
Tom Martin.
I go,
fuck,
that's great.
That's that's fancy.
And there's a limo waiting for us.
And I go,
where are we off to?
And he goes,
well,
we're waiting for another guy coming in.
His name is Phil Housley.
I go, wow.
Because I had read about Phil.
He was his draft year, too.
The Hockey News said he was going to be the highest drafted American ever, right?
And didn't know anything more about them.
So I'm waiting, you know, and I played 85 junior games.
I just finished the finals against BC and Alberta.
I'm all stitched up, black and blue.
And, you know, I'm about 205 pounds at that time.
Fighting all the time.
And Howes comes in.
I don't think Howes had even shaved in his life.
He had all this red peach foot.
I still know he's a redhead.
He was all of about 165, right?
And really nice guy.
Might have been the first time he'd ever been on an airplane, though.
Like he, which I'll lead to another story.
But the limo takes us right to the last colorado rockies game they're playing the oilers
and it was just before the oilers had won their cup but glenn anderson was on the team and he's
an ex-pioneer so how's and i got to go down to the dressing room meet grad ski and messi and all the
guys that right after the game the coach his name is marshall johnson a great guy takes us downtown we have a late night dinner
at a steakhouse with the mayor of denver right next day we got to get up at six o'clock we go
back to the hotel and uh how's her uh he liked to partake in things that weren't boozy at the time
and uh so we stayed up quite late getting to know each other smoking some weed and um he we had a six o'clock call
and we had a private plane that took us to aspen to one of the alumni has had a big ranch
what year is this how is there how is there was throwing up the whole time you couldn't get on
the plane there what's wrong with me go hey it's just motion sick man i got you i got you don't
worry we come back we go downtown again with some other rich guy it's just like i i'm coming
here man this is the best fucking school ever like so i signed hauser's going to me the whole
time i go you're going to sign here this is the this is a goal of treatment and he goes
yeah no you know i'm not uh i'm not going to sign anywhere i'm just doing the trips are free i'll be
in the nhl i'm looking at this red redheaded guy with peach fuzz.
They go, yeah, you're never going to play in the NHL, man.
You're going to get killed. Right. So I signed with Denver.
He forced, he gets drafted fourth overall.
He's he breaks the record for most goals for a rookie defenseman in Buffalo.
I got a funny story. I'll tell you about that the next year.
But at the beginning of the year
there's like five other freshman recruits and we're all there we're talking about recruiting
trip and I realized I just won the golden fucking ticket because I was with Housley the guys had the
same experience before they got Chinese food they got to see the rink they got drunk with the guys
and that was it it's only because I was with Housley oh it was just a Housley golden shake perfect timing but I only stayed
the one year at school
which is how I get traded for the bus
but I jumped to the Phil Housley quickly
the next year I get called up from
I was playing in Victoria
Winnipeg had a whole bunch of injuries
they called me up at Christmas time
my first game was in Buffalo
fucking ugliest town in the world
but Housley's skating around in warm-ups.
And I go, hey, Howes.
He looks at me and goes, what the fuck are you doing here?
I go, what do you think I'm doing?
Well, I didn't think I'd ever see you again, man.
I go, fuck you, you little prick.
I remember I tried to forecheck him.
That fucking kid could skate so fast.
I had him corner coming around the net.
I had him all lined up. And I missed him by about, he put the burgers on. I missed him forecheck him. That fucking kid could skate so fast. I had him corner coming around the net. I had him all lined up, and I missed him by a ball.
He put the burgers on.
I missed him by 15 feet.
Fucking guy.
He was so good.
So anyways, well, I was at Denver.
Back when I was growing up, you weren't drafted to your major league junior teams like the
Bantam draft.
When you turned 14, you got signed.
And the team that signed me was the Seattle Breakers and they had no money.
Right. And they, you know, my mom was a real stickler.
They graduated high school and got to college and they couldn't offer anything
because some of the teams in the Western League back then for every year you
played, they offered you a year of Canadian school,
but they couldn't offer that. So I said, no, I'm going to go to,
I'm going to go to U.S. college college so i came home at christmas time that and
i'm biz my good buddy russ cortenel who i played with growing up yeah i skated with the cougars at
christmas time and the owner of the cougars said hey you know if i trade for you will you come back
and join us and i said uh yeah for sure i'll come back because i wasn't your prototypical college
player i think i still have the penalty minute record for that league.
Most private jet flights, though. And the thought of coming back home, too, right?
Yeah, because I never played at home.
So they tried to trade for me.
It doesn't work.
It doesn't work.
My season ends in Denver, and I'm out studying for a midterm at the library with a girl.
And Kevin Deneen's my roommate.
When I come back at about 10 o'clock, you say say, fuck dude, phone's been ringing off the hook.
You've been traded.
And as you know, you can't get traded in college.
You can't, you know, you have to switch schools.
And I said, trading?
He said, I don't know what it is, but something to do with a vehicle as well.
I go, what?
So the phone rings at six the next morning and it's, hello, is this Tom Martin?
I go, yeah, it's Brian Gumbel from NBC.
I think it's one of the guys in the teammate.
And I fucking slammed the phone down.
Well, it rings again.
I slam down again.
I'm fucking tired.
I go, it's not funny.
Third time, it's a girl.
She says, Mr. Martin, this is seriously NBC and Brian Gumbel.
I don't know if you know it, but last night you were traded for a bus.
And we'd like to interview you.
I went, fuck.
So I go thinking, what's the big deal?
It must have happened before. And it's probably going to happen again.
Yeah, never did before and it hasn't happened since either.
So I got traded for the bus.
And how the bus thing happened is the Spokane Flyers had folded that year.
And our owner, the Cougar, is an old Scottish guy, a real rich guy.
And he bought everything in an auction, the bus, the skate sharp,
and their sticks. But he didn't want bus, the skate sharp, and their sticks.
But he didn't want to pay the duty to get it in Canada,
so he was sitting at the border in Blaine,
Washington, and
Seattle was in the playoffs against Kamloops,
and their bus broke down, and they were
going to have to forfeit game one of the playoffs, because
they couldn't get to Kamloops. So
our owner said, hey,
it's yours. Give me Martin.
The paper's yours. They got the bus.
So they got a cab to take all the Seattle team to the bus at the border,
and they went up to Kamloops.
Oh, my goodness.
Yeah.
That's how it began, the legend of bussy.
And that's what brought you on the podcast.
So how  NBC had found out about that before you had?
Like, that's crazy at that time for that to travel that way.
You know, it was all over the u.s like you know i was on a they flew me to la for an
interview you know that the denver newspaper came and did a photo shoot they made me lay across the
net like burt reynolds and then they superimposed a bus underneath it and it was a big deal but you
know the funny thing is when i got back to canada and i went to my first pro training camp that fall i think nobody nobody remembered about it like when i got the camp i was expecting
to get my fucking ass yeah nothing nothing nobody says a word i think fuck this these guys are great
until i you know i make the team and uh well i make the team i get sent down about five games
in the season but dave ellett who you you know, biz from Phoenix, Dave Ellett.
Yeah, he's still hanging around the alumni program still.
Yeah. Andrew McBain and a guy named Bobby Dulles, the dumbest guy I ever played with.
We all went out. We're the four rookies who made it. We went to the K.
And Dave Ellett has this very deep Clint Eastwood type voice.
and Dave Ellett has this very deep Clint Eastwood type voice.
He speaks really slowly.
He goes, oh, how about that asshole got traded for a bus last year?
And I'm thinking, fuck, yeah, okay, have some fun.
I realize after about a minute, they don't fucking realize it's me.
Oh, no.
But, hey, guys, that was me. You said the dumbest guy you ever played junior with.
I was talking to Toc.
We went out for beers after TNT last night.
Not a big deal.
And he was talking about the dumbest player that he ever played with.
And you know when they used to do the curfew calls?
Well, at the time, they had the plug-in phones.
So what he thought was he was going to fool the coaches.
So he unplugged the plug-in phone, bought it to his girlfriend's.
He thought it would ring.
And he thought it would ring at his girlfriend's place because he brought the plug-in fucking, bought it to his girlfriend's. He thought it would ring. And he thought it would ring at his girlfriend's place
because he brought the plug-in fucking phone, bossy.
So that's pretty fucking stupid.
How stupid was your former teammate?
Oh, Bobby.
Bobby, maybe it was a language thing, but he was just,
he just was, you know, they asked him what his strongest skill was,
you know, when he made the team.
He says, I have a really good backhand.
You know, my backhand's amazing.
He ended up being a pretty good pro, but he was not a smart kid.
Fuck.
Poor Bobby Dulles.
Now, the bus ended up getting confiscated later that season.
You didn't even end up seeing it.
He left his drugs on it.
Didn't the Seattle team have a play without a visa,
and they tried to fake it and ended up getting the bus confiscated?
That's exactly what happened, Mike.
They had a kid they brought over from Germanyany and he didn't have his visa like he made the team and they started the
seasoning and up in west minister and they were crossing the borders they told him to get out and
run across the field they pick them up on the other side but the border the border officials
caught him so they lost the bus at the beginning of the next year they never got it back you know
about every five years the story comes back up and i got to do a sports illustrated interviewer and then the last
i heard from sports illustrating the guy flew up from philadelphia he said they tracked the serial
number of the bus and it was taking a whole bunch of seniors from tucson down to mexico to get their
meds every week so it was a shuttle for old people so it's still on the road somewhere it's like one
of those trades that still lives on like i, I still get drafted 30 years later.
Well, nice to know you're doing a good deed anyways.
Yeah, true enough.
Growing up on Vancouver Island, like, how was the hockey and the minor hockey growing up?
Was it pretty good?
You know, Biz, we had a good run.
We had, you know, there was a time there in the late 80s,
there was nine of us from Victoria playing in the NHL.
But, you know, we had a really good junior team. The
Victoria Cougars, from 75 to
82, they went to the Memorial Cup
twice. They had a whole bunch of first-round picks.
When you're able to go on a
Saturday night and watch a guy for a couple of
years, and then you get to see him play
on a hockey night in Canada the next year.
It drives you.
It's a tangible step, because you see these
guys around town. It drives you. Now, Victoria's been in a dead Because you see these guys around town. So it drives you.
Now, Victoria's been in a dead zone for hockey players.
You know, we've got Tyson and Jamie Vann.
We've got a couple of good guys.
But we maybe had nine guys in the last 20 years because we just haven't had that junior program.
It's getting better again.
You know, we had Russ Cortland, Jeff Cortland, myself, Torrey Robertson, Mel Bridgman, Brad Maxwell.
Like, we had a lot of good players coming out of there.
Yeah, it was a good hockey town.
Now, you weren't shy to go at all during an era where there was a ton of fighting.
Like, is that something that you liked as a kid?
How did you first get into fighting so much?
You put some pretty big PIM numbers up.
Well, you know, I grew up in a kind of shitty part of town,
if there is one in Victoria.
You know, I grew up fighting.
But, you know, by the time you're in grade eight,
you're not fighting that much anymore because you've kind of got your own groups.
But when I went to junior at 16 and my first exhibition game when I was in Kelowna,
it was against Vernon, a guy high-sticked me.
And my dad was in the stands.
I looked over him and he just gave me the nod.
And I just went cuckoo.
And it was so much fun.
And, you know, as you learn you know it's it's a it's
a curse to like fighting because you know maybe I wish I hadn't fought as much as I did but it was
just part of my game I enjoyed it it uh so that gave me a little bit of room I was never a great
skater so it gave me a little bit of room out there and and yeah I was a bit of a nut job for
a few years like I fought so much that's's why it was just one year at Denver.
You said, all right, I need to be doing stuff that college doesn't necessarily allow.
Yeah.
You know what else happened, Wits, is that when Colorado moved to New Jersey,
Marshall Johnson, the guy who recruited me, got offered the assistant GM job.
So he left.
And they brought in a new coach named Ralph Baxter, the famous Montreal Canadian.
And he didn't recruit me.
He didn't really like my style of play very much.
And, you know, I had a good year.
I had almost a point a game.
And as I said, I broke the penalty minute record for that league.
But at the end of the year, he, he said, you know,
I've recruited two more left wingers.
So you're going to be number three.
You're not going to get any ice time.
I said, well, Ralph, fuck sakesakes i'm second on the team in scoring or third
i didn't get any pp time like if i'm not gonna play i'm not coming back because you know i had
the bus thing in my back pocket at that time right so and uh and he goes no so funny story
that same road trip when i felt when i ran into phil and, we went to Minnesota and we played them on a Friday night.
And that weekend Denver DU was playing university of Minnesota. So one of my teammates, Wade Camel
grew up with one of my teammates at DU. I can't remember his name. Sorry guys. But we decided to
go over to the, to visit them at the university after the game. So I played my second game and
I walked into the restaurant where the guys were having drinks and the coaches were sitting
right there. Ralph Backstrom, Ronnie Graham
who's from Victoria. And I walked
through and Ralph Backstrom goes, what the
fuck are you doing here? And I go, yeah,
I played in the NHL tonight. Yeah, couldn't
play for your team as a sophomore, but I played in the NHL
tonight. And he stands up and he goes, no, you didn't.
And I go, yes, I did. And he
goes, no, you didn't. And Wade Campbell
goes, yeah, he didn't he played
really well truth was I got the shit kicked out of me by a guy named Dave Richter that night
fuck was he tough oh you couldn't check you couldn't just get on your phone and check online
if you did it was actually a matter of like are you making this up yeah you can't say hockey db
me bitch you can't say that back then no elite prospect that was pretty rewarding but then Ralph
ended up being my coach like 11 years later in Phoenix,
which was at the beginning of the year.
Hey, we're good, right?
Like bygones be bygones.
He was pretty good.
What was the Calder Cup run like?
Was that one of the best years of playing hockey in your life?
It was, but it was my first year of biz.
And we were the bad news bears in Sherbrooke.
Like we're half Montreal, three quarters Montreal,
and we share teams of Winnipeg, which is mine.
We were only allowed four Winnipeg guys dressed tonight.
And, you know, we had Brian Squidland.
We had Ricky Natris,
who'd just come back from his year of suspension for possession.
We had, you know, we were just,
we had a coach who looked just like Fred Flintstone
who couldn't speak English.
And I got called, I got called up for most of the year.
I got called up at Christmastime and I didn't come back.
And if we didn't win the last game of the season in Springfield,
because I talked to the guys on the phone,
we wouldn't have made the playoffs.
So then we beat Fredericton in six games the first round.
And then Patrick Waugh and Stefan Richer and Claude Lemieux had joined the team.
But the only
guy who was playing was Richer.
Richer went right in the lineup. And Patrick was
our number three goalie. We had
Mike Moffitt and a guy named
Paul Pagiot. And frankly,
in practice, Patrick
didn't look that good. He couldn't stop a
fucking thing. He was tall and skinny
and he didn't speak any English. He didn't look that good. He couldn't stop a fucking thing. He was tall and skinny and, you know, he'd hack me,
and he didn't speak any English.
He didn't look that good.
Some people say I eat too many chocolate bars,
but they don't know the real me.
Only our Canadian listeners will know that one.
We played Maine in the second round, and they beat us 6-1 the first game.
They had won the regular season championship.
That was Jersey's farm team.
They had Greg Adams was down there, Kenny Danico.
Like a lot of the guys, John McClain had joined them from junior.
Like they had a good squad.
And we were playing game two.
First game, Paul Pagiotopoulos was growing.
So we got Moffitt in, is going to be our goalie.
And Patrick's backing him up.
First time Patrick's dressed.
And Moffitt gets the old slap shot in the head of warm-ups and splits him down the middle of the forehead so
he can't go well we throw Patrick in there and he stops 24 shots in the first period we win the next
four games straight we play Baltimore in the final we beat them in six I think and uh Patrick was
just the stud he stopped everything it was amazing amazing. Most competitive guy I've ever met.
Even when he started playing and that run really began,
in practice, was he still brutal?
Yeah, he didn't work hard in practice.
Yeah, he's just kind of chilling those days off.
Kind of chilling.
But, you know, they had Francois Allure was our assistant coach.
You know, Francois, they say, is the grandfather of the new hockey style, right?
He's the guy who invented, you know, and, you know, being a big guy,
Patrick was his model, like the guy he worked with.
You know, he made the big jerseys, sewed patches between his legs,
did all that stuff, taught Patrick how to do the butterfly.
And it was a project.
And he was good.
Fuck, he was good.
Claude Lemieux, like even like polarizing to even teammates of his.
What was it like with your short time with him?
I loved him.
Played with him any time.
Why wasn't he in the lineup?
Well, they were deep.
We had a contractual thing that, you know, we had to have four Winnipeg guys,
and he just couldn't cut the lineup.
Richer was so good.
Like, Richer came in and was just a stud.
And Claude just, they didn't have room
for him. They couldn't bump anybody at that time.
So he practiced with us and
I played with him the next year biz
for the insurer, which I spent
most of the year of the second year down there. He lived down the
hall from me. Just a great guy. He's
an asshole to play against. I agree. But on
your team, I'd have him anytime.
And he's a funny bugger you
gotta have one you gotta have one story about him then well i'll tell a hockey story about him
remember i was telling your friend uh pierre kramer who coached the penguins for a little
while before you it's he uh he was our coach he couldn't speak english and we're in fredericton
and claude peppy we called him took a really stupid penalty and they scored against us.
And Kramer started screaming at him in French, like fucking screaming at him.
And then Claude's like right back at him, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah.
And right on the bench, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah.
They're going at him for about five minutes.
And then Claude starts crying, like, I mean, bawling his eyes out.
And he jumps over the boards to go to the, we had to skate across the ice in front of him to get the dress room.
Kramer grabbed him by the neck
and he made him walk all the way around the rink
in the stands along the mesline.
Blades on the concrete.
Blades on the concrete.
He got called up.
He got called up the next day.
It was near the end of the season.
And he went on a run.
I think he scored 13 playoff goals.
That was the year they went to the finals, right?
Get the fuck out of here.
That was the same year?
Next day he got called up.
Did you ever find out what he said to make him cry?
Oh, I asked the French guys.
I asked the French guys.
He goes, well, you know, he told me he'll never play in the NHL again.
I'll make sure that's going to happen.
I'm going to ruin your career is what he said.
Kind of like you telling Housley he's never going to play a game next year
and he fucking was leading the league in D scoring.
You know what's funny is that reminds me in terms of a French guy
yelling at a French player, a French coach yelling at a French player.
Ironically enough, you played with Michel Therrien in this run,
but I played for Mike Therrien in the minors, the lockout year.
He was screaming at Marc-Andre Fleury, screaming at him, same type thing.
And I was like, what did he say?
And the French guys were like, he told him he's the worst first overall pick
to ever exist.
Oh, no.
I was like, holy shit.
So I could totally see that's maybe where Mike learned some of that
is from that coach.
Yeah, well, let's make a correction.
Mike Terry didn't play any games in the playoffs.
He was with us.
Oh, why?
Because he's softer than baby shit?
Oh, he was soft.
I heard he was the softest.
That was the most hypocritical thing.
I was a young guy, and I actually felt that he probably would have ruined my career,
but I'm like, I keep hearing that you were the softest fucking guy to ever play the game.
He was the softest guy I ever played with in pro hockey.
Take your shots buddy
well no and take them all hey what's funny is i've dogged him i've dogged him a lot on here and then
uh god bless jimmy hayes he passed away and at his wake uh terrian was there i talked to him for a
while he came up he's like wait how you doing buddy i was getting out of here it was so nice
like we gotta catch up outside and i was like I don't know if he wants to dummy me outside.
But no, he was great.
But at the time, he was a prick to me.
And I did hear there was actually a story that when his team  you guys won the Calder Cup.
I think there's like a picture.
He's like on the other side of the glass though.
So it was like as much as he was dogging certain players when he coached them.
I was going to qualify because he wasn't much of a player, right?
And anybody who plays pro hockey is a decent player,
but he couldn't play at that level.
But I would say as a teammate off the ice, he was a lot of fun.
Oh, was he really?
Okay, all right.
Really loose, drank a lot.
He was a lot of fun.
He was a good guy.
And when he didn't play, he was never pouty, right?
He just took it on the chin.
He was great.
Old school coaches, that's just, they were fucking mean, you know?
They really tried scaring people through intimidation.
And the minors, you're really able to do it, right?
Because when you tell a guy in the minors, I'll bury you.
I'll ruin your career.
Like you almost  at the time, you're petrified.
Well, it's a perfect lead-in to my next story if you don't mind.
Well, I was just going to chime in and say like you pretty much nailed that on the fact that like maybe that was experience.
He saw that French coach lose it on Claude Lemieux,
and then Lemieux goes and lights it up.
He's like, oh, that's how you do it.
That's what works.
He's like, I can fucking coach.
And he's had a pretty good career doing it.
So that first year, Biz, when we won the Calder Cup,
I'm playing for John Ferguson at Winnipeg.
And, you know, you would think that I would be
John Ferguson's type of player right
he's from Benton and I'm from the same area I grew up for the same player we fought you know
I scored when I got a chance you could score but when I was in Winnipeg as I said I finished it
the year there the trade deadline was also the roster deadline so if you made it past there
which is a big deal for a guy like me who was up and down you were a roster player like they can't trade you to the they can't send you down to the season's over so we play
calgary in the first round of the playoffs and i play all was best of five and i played all four
games got fights with timmy hunter and baxter and did my job and we got about three or four days
before playing edmonton in the second round and i'm just about to go on the ice and i'm you know
i'm just about put my skates on and the trainer goes hey fergie wants to see you up in his office right so i i'm like
this is great he's gonna tell me how good a job i did fighting all the big guys so i walk up you
got to go in the old winnipeg arena you got to go up to the main mezzanine and then you go to the
office you got to walk through all the secretaries and he's in the office in the back and i see he
goes hey tommy sit down and i go yep no problem, he goes, hey, Tommy, sit down. And I go, yep, no problem.
He goes, yeah, I'm sending you to Sherbrooke.
And I go, no, you can't.
I'm a roster player.
You can't send me, right?
He doesn't say a word.
He stands up from his desk.
He walks by me and closes the door.
He leans over me like a grizzly bear and, you're going to fucking Sherbrooke!
He screams at me so loud.
I start to cry.
And then I've got to walk through all the office staff and everybody there.
And I got tears coming down my eyes because, you know,
he could have broken glass out loud.
He yelled at me.
So I walk into the dressing room and Randy Carlisle,
our player rep is there missing practice.
Like he did every day.
I hear he's a tyrant as a coach.
He was the laziest player, but one of the best players here we go the truth is coming out i love this so lazy i don't
think he practiced that whole year but he could play also my guess anyways sorry go ahead no go
ahead yeah i want to hear what would have to say no i also played for randy randy hated me but he
i would guess he was a good dude off the ice too. Like as a teammate, I guess the boys loved it.
I could sense he's one of the guys, man.
He busted balls though.
Holy shit, dude.
He just poured off.
Well, I heard that.
I heard that.
And I ran into him.
I ran into him at the draft in Vancouver.
I went over there to say hi to a couple of guys and I had a beer with him.
You know, we're old teammates.
I go, I hear you're just a fucking asshole to play for.
He goes, yeah, it works for me right and i go i go yeah you know how do you tell an asshole
who's successful that he's an asshole right you just you can't do it and i said well you weren't
the hardest working player when i played with you he goes oh that doesn't mean anything right i go
okay so anyways randy sees i'm upset and he goes what's up and i go fergie send me the minors he
can't send you down.
You're a roster player.
And him and Fergie were tight.
They were horse racing buddies, right?
And they liked to smoke cigars and eat fancy meals.
I'll be right back.
So I'm sitting in my stall.
This is great.
He's going up.
I'm not going to go to Sherbrooke.
He's gone for about 20 minutes.
He walks back down.
He goes, yeah, you're going to Sherbrooke.
So I go down.
It's the best experience of my career.
I win the Calder Cup with a bunch of great guys, right?
But I get to training camp the next year.
And, you know, training camps were big back then.
I think Winnipeg maybe had 30 roster guys, 32.
And then they'd fill up with 60 guys who were on PTOs.
And, you know, you used to have about four or five days of scrimmages.
Then you have a rookie exhibition.
I'm two days into camp.
We haven't even had an inter-squad yet, like not one.
And Mike Dorn, the assistant GM, says, I need to talk to you after practice.
I said, sure.
So I go talk to him.
He goes, yeah, we're going to send you down to Sherbrooke.
And I go, what?
Right?
I go, Mike.
And he goes, yeah, it's Fergie's idea.
I don't agree with it, but it's Fergie's idea.
So I fly from Winnipeg to Montreal.
You know, the year before, I'd been up and down 40 frigging times.
There's always somebody there to pick you up at the airport, you know, with the team van.
You get your stick.
So I wait there.
I got my gear and my sticks.
So I wait and I wait and I wait.
The bag is sitting up.
He's out.
Nobody there.
This is 1984.
So I phone my agent, Ricky kerr and i go ricky uh
nobody's here to pick me up and he goes where are you and i go i'm in montreal and he goes what
and he said yeah i got sent down he goes camp hasn't even started and i go i know i said what
do i do so i gotta get a i got a cab to the bus station downtown montreal i gotta take a bus to
sherbrooke stops in every freaking little town on way there. It's like a six hour bus ride.
I get to the hotel where I stayed at the whole year before and I get the
front there. Hey, Tom Martin. And I go, Hey guys, how are you?
I'm here for my room. And he looks, Oh no, we have no rooms.
Nobody's coming for two more weeks.
You guys don't have any reservations and the place is full.
It's a tourist town, right?
So I got to go across the street to this other hotel.
They need a credit
card for a deposit i think i got a hundred dollar limit on my credit card back in those days i gotta
phone my dad to give him the credit card number so i can stay there so i get the night i'm waiting
i get up the next morning waiting for the shuttle to take me to the butt rink there's no shuttle so
i fucking take a cab to the rink i go to knock on the rink door where i've been going in there i
just wanted to call her cup there two years ago or two months ago the ice keeper guy goes hey tom martin i go
hey claude how are you he goes what are you doing here and i said i'm here i got sent down there's
no fucking ice in the rink there's nothing in the rink there is no ice for eight more days nobody
gets sent down for another 14 days i'm'm there by myself. What did you do?
Why did they do this?
The rink was right beside the university.
So I used to think somebody's watching, right?
No, I'm saying why did they do this to you?
Well, I'm going to tell you.
Okay, sorry.
I was wondering where it was going to.
But that might be my idea.
He's not very happy with me because I told him he wasn't allowed to send me down.
So guys trickle down.
Two days in the season, I get called back up.
And I fly in.
And the night I fly in is the Booster Club dinner.
And I said, I got to go to the Booster Club.
So I get there.
And Fergie comes over, slaps me in the back.
I hope you learned your lesson.
I go, yeah, you're a fucking asshole.
Right?
I get sent back down the next morning.
I don't get called up again the whole season. I'm down there for the whole next quarter i don't get called up again the
whole season i'm down there for the whole year i don't get back up oh my goodness yeah and that
that was waivers back then you're going to sherbrooke hey you actually were crying
oh yeah it scared the shit out of me yeah yeah that's that's tough guys can cry too i cried
oh of course so last Fergie story.
We're on the Fergie story.
So the next year, I signed a termination contract,
which means I'm a free agent at the end of the year.
And Dan Maloney is our new coach.
And he was a pro scout.
And he really liked me.
He said at the beginning, Cap, you're going to make the team.
Just shut up.
Fergie hates you.
Right?
So I make the team.
But I blow up my knee like two weeks into the year.
And I  but, you know, they send me down for conditioning because they don't know my knee is hurt.
And I go down to Glens Falls, which is really out of Detroit's farm team.
But at the end of the year, our assistant coach, Rick Bonas, is getting promoted from our assistant coach to run our farm team.
And so we go play golf.
This is in May.
We go play golf.
And then Fergie's having a barbecue for all of us.
And we all have to get up in a bit of a bit.
Dale Howarchuk's us is all to get up and say something about Bones.
Great guy.
One of the best coaches ever.
And he comes to me and I go, hey, Bones, here's to you.
And here's to you not being my coach next year.
Right?
Because he's going to be the minor league coach.
Fergie's had like 30 scotches. And he gets up. He goes, he'll be your coach next year, right? Because he's going to be the minor league coach. Fergie's had like 30 scotches and he gets up.
He's like, he'll be your coach next year and the year after that,
the year after that.
I go, fuck you, Fergie.
So Fergie takes a swipe at me across the table
and I fucking pop him right in the nose.
Like just automatic, just instinctual.
I just popped him.
He's down, he's bleeding all over the place.
Howard goes, dude, you just punched our GM. Like, fuck. I go, well,
he deserved it. Like, fuck. He took a swung at me first. Right.
And Mrs. Ferguson was the sweetest lady in the planet. She goes,
he won't remember any of this tomorrow,
but I'll tell him that he took a punch at you first. Right.
So anyways, I ended up signing with Hartford.
Fergie phoned me about two weeks after he goes, Hey,
I expect you
to sign here and I go well Ferg I'm gonna wait till July 1st and and see what other offers come
in and I you know I think he offered 105 with a guarantee of 30 and Hartford offered me twice as
that in American with a bigger so I phoned him and said hey I want to stay in Winnipeg but this is
you know this is what Hartford offered me and he goes fuck you're not that good kid i go okay i'll
sign i'll sign at hartford but same thing same thing with i ran into him like 20 years after
that he's scouting he's in victoria i'm walking with my dad to watch the junior game and this guy
is waving at me and it's fergie he's waving come up here come up here and i go hey fergie what's
up he goes oh it's so good to see him we'll go for some beers after and i go you know fuck ferg i don't know if i really want to go for beers with you you're such
an asshole to me oh come on man i was just i just pushing you you needed to be pushed i go
fergie no you needed to calm me down so just like your mike terrian story it was just how they
thought they motivated yeah yeah uh one guy we got to talk about who you play with at university
of denver kevin denine i mean fuck he ended up playing just under 1,200 games in the National Hockey League.
Could you see it at that age?
Did you know this guy was going to go on to be very special?
No.
He was a defenseman at DU.
He scored 10 goals that year.
When I played with him at Hartford, he was a right winger.
He scored 44 goals.
Like, no.
Like, I knew he was good, but I didn't know he was going to be, like,
So he's playing the back end when you were playing with him?
What's that?
He was playing the back end?
He played defense.
He was drafted as a defenseman.
I don't know how many people know that.
I know.
I didn't know that.
Was he awesome offensively and struggled defensively,
and that's why it was an obvious move up, or was it?
No.
No.
Wow.
No, he was a really good defensive defense.
Never joined the rush much.
And then he went to play for the Olympic team, and Dave Kingave king put him up in right wing had a great wrist shot right i played with i played with kevin for three years in hartford too just a great guy
funny story though uh my year at denver we're playing minnesota duluth in the best of two
playoffs how stupid is that by the way best of two playoffs. How stupid is that, by the way? Best of two playoffs, total goals. They beat us like 5-1 the first game.
They got Tom Kruvers, but they had Jim Johnson.
Did you guys play with Jim Johnson from Pittsburgh?
No.
You know, we all had masks on, and he was a fucking chirper and a hack,
and there's no fighting, right?
And we've got to score five goals with a minute left to go,
and I'm on the ice, and I get a chance to run them,
and I run them hard.
Like, I cross-check his head the ice and I get a chance to run them and I run them hard like I cross check his head right and and I get a penalty and Kevin's freaking out at me dude
we got a chance I could do we're not going to score five goals in the last minute of the game
but I'm going to play against this guy for the rest of my life and he's going to know I'm going
to kill him every time I see him Kevin's so mad at me he punches me he punches me right in front
of all the Duluth fans with with his glove on in my punches me. He punches me right in front of all the Duluth fans
with his glove on and my mask and knocks me down.
Right in front of everybody.
I was so fucking mad.
I was in the dressing room waiting for him to come after.
And our teammates came in as part.
But he was just super intense.
Just a great teammate.
Wonderful guy.
I think a minute left down five,
if a guy pissed me off that much, I'm taking the run.
And if one of your teammates got that mad about it, you'd be dude i'm gonna go after you next if you don't relax we lost the
game yeah fucking kevin was tough though god i saw him beat up some big guys in nhl like he gave it
he gave it to uh gordy kluzak gave it to bobby probert he was tough kevin was a tough little
dude was it was he a factor in why you ended up signing with Hadford later in your career?
No.
You know, I kind of thought we might have a fight when I first got there
because I didn't leave him on good terms.
Oh.
Yeah, so no, but he ended up being a great teammate.
No, it was just the most money.
They offered me the most money at that time.
Did you play with any Boston guys?
I mean, it's a pretty prominent Boston.
You guys are the weirdest dudes on the planet.
Boston guys.
What do you mean by that?
Just how big of assholes they are for no reason?
No, I lived with Peter Taglinetti, who played at Providence,
played some Boston.
I played with Davey Silk.
I played with a couple guys in the minors, Scotty Harlow, Dominic Campanelli.
They're all great guys.
I love them.
I played with Billy O'Dwyer for a little while.
Just all real good guys.
They're great teammates.
But I got a great story about Davey Silk.
I'm going to set the story up a little bit.
So, you know, when you're in the minors, you get called up and down a lot.
If you get called up, the team gets stuck paying your lease deposit on your apartment, right?
So, Winnipeg thought it would be really smart that they would get a three-bedroom apartment
and whoever got sent up and down would pay them rent every month.
Worked out well, like a halfway house.
So I started the year with Peter Taglinetti and his new wife at this time,
Alison Taglinetti.
Unfortunately, Alison passed away a couple of years ago, a nice lady,
but he got called up right away.
But she had lived and grew up in New Hampshire, so she had all her stuff at her apartment.
They never came back for it for a long time.
And Davy Silk got sent down.
And Silky was a character.
Like, he was one of the funniest guys I ever played with.
And typical, like, Tuesday afternoon, American League,
we had a whole bunch of beers for lunch.
We'd go back to watch some porno or watch St. Elmo's Fire
or whatever we did, sitting there drinking beer.
And it was me, him, Alfie Turcotte and Pepe was there.
Chloe was with us.
So he goes to take a pee and he comes back and he's gone into Allison's
lingerie door and he's put on a bra and panty set, a purple bra and panty set.
And he sits down all straight faced and we start to laugh.
And our door buzzer rings, right? It's an apartment building. So I go over there and I say, who and our door buzzer rings right it's an
apartment building so i go over there and i say who is it hey tom it's allison taglet any i go
perfect that's great so i go back i buzzer in i go to sit down the guys go who is it i go it's uh
one of our teammates he's coming up for a beer i said silky silky you got to go answer the door because he'll make you think it's so funny so allison allison knocks on the door silky opens it he's this hairy little italian
wearing her purple broad panties he screamed she screamed she went nuts and we are laughing
he comes in he's allison tag with eddie and i go i know it's not perfect like that's unbelievable
right so I go downstairs
and I say, Hey Allison, it's the first time we haven't been sitting around wearing your underwear
every day, but you know, come on. It's kind of funny. Right. And she starts to laugh and we bring
her back up. So hot meat, which is what we call Peter Taglinetti. I know he's going to phone,
right. And no cell phones, it's 1985. So the phone finally rings and it hits him. He's fucking pissed
off. And I go, Hey, Hey, hey, hey, come on. It's kind
of funny. And thanks for the heads up.
Tell us Allison's coming.
Come on. It's your fault, right?
But yeah, it was a great
story. Silky was just the best.
Another guy early in your career, Dale
Hawichek. I mean, he was just a pup just starting out.
I know you didn't play a ton with him, but I mean, you must
have saw how good he was right from the jump.
He was amazing.
You know, in an era  well, first off, our division, you know,
we played with Edmonton.
You know, if there was no Gretzky or no Mario,
Dale would have been the best hockey player in the league.
And he didn't play with the talent that those two guys did.
He was just a consummate pro and a wonderful teammate.
He cared.
Just a talented, talented guy.
You know, to me, he'll always be captain.
That's what we called him.
And, you know, he lost a great guy.
He's a good guy.
Yeah.
Super talented and a great, fun guy.
Yeah.
Oh, I had time for everybody.
He just, like, did you see it from that time?
Like, he just loved coaching.
Like, after he ended up retiring he loved teaching
the game he loved being around yeah being around it he he just wanted everybody to enjoy hockey and
you know and he really wanted you know winning was obviously really important to him but to him
it was just the character he did and you were just a good teammate that would evolve into something
right and yeah it was just wonderful you know and you know he's so beloved in Winnipeg and in Barrie and yeah, it's, you know,
I got to talk to him his last day and he was here.
A whole bunch of us did a zoom call, you know, he's just,
he did that in style too. Right. He just,
he just was such grace and positivity. He was just a good dude. Yeah.
It's maybe not as common anymore, but like back then it was like,
basically after practice,
you would go out for beers
and you would basically talk about the games, talk hockey.
You would get into other conversations as well.
Was that kind of how it was when you were coming up and playing, at least in your NHL time?
Yeah, because I'm quite a bit older than you guys, but I got lots of buddies in the game.
And I think I was lucky enough to play in the funnest time.
We flew commercial know we didn't
have we did we flew commercial we didn't flow charters we got to stay in towns after games
and you always had a buddy on the other team and yeah we drank every afternoon if we weren't playing
we were eating chicken wings and drinking beer right and going home and have a nap at six o'clock
and you know we had a lot of fun and a lot of good memories. I remember Ducky Dale was the first guy I met.
He lived in a ranch out of town, but he had like nine TV sets
and like four satellite dishes.
The guy loved hockey.
Every night he watched every game that was going on in the NHL.
I remember I was in Hartford and I scored one of my few goals,
although I did get one more point than you did, Biz.
I checked our stats.
Soccer, did you actually?
I got one more point than you. You had 22 and had 23 okay and half the games and half the games too by the way
um he uh i scored a winning goal and i got home to the hotel later that night after drinking a
whole bunch with scotty young i played with scotty young too great guy boston guy and my phone was
there was a message it was ducky he ph goes, hey, great goal last night. Right?
Even though he's still in Hartford.
I mean, he's still in Winnipeg and I'm in Hartford.
He's just that kind of guy.
That's awesome.
But yeah, Biz, we had a lot of fun.
Road trips, you know, the rule is you always packed your bag before you left.
Because if you didn't make it back, your roommate would have your bag for you.
And there was a lot of hungover flights.
Yeah, we had a lot of fun.
We did.
Well, it's certainly great to hear these old stories.
I don't know if you have anything else. I mean, there's more.
I mean, did you play against Gordie Howe?
Oh, it's a
What?
Well, he was on the  he worked for the Hartford Whalers
as a goodwill ambassador, like Wendell Clark does in Toronto,
goes around all the boxes.
But he would skate -game skate with us
uh in his little green track suit and little coach's gloves and he was in his mid-60s he
could shoot left right you know he could shoot left hand as hard as he had right-handed and
I hadn't played in about 10 games I was running around in pre-game skate with too much energy and
he stepped on the ice I didn't see you know i just bulldozed him he's got no gear on
he's a big heap in the boards like a fuck ferdy or uh gordy i'm so sorry so i went to pick gordy
up and he goes hey no problem kid this is like november so quite often when i got scratched
which is about every one out of every i played one out of every eight games it seemed at the end of
pre-game skate we would do two-on-two.
We'd have the two extra forwards, the extra defensemen.
Then Gordy would be the other guy in two-on-two against the spare goalie.
So it's like right near the playoff time.
You know, I played two-on-two with Gordy at least a dozen times.
And he's on the other team.
And, you know, you don't think you're going to get hit in pregame skate
with your buddies two-on-two.
And I just get smoked and elbowed right in the nose, right?
I'm down and bleeding all over the place. He down he goes you didn't think i'd forget it kid
gordy just plastered me to the ice but gordy was the best he uh gordy gordy's wife was quite
strict with him you know he she ran him you know he was she was his business partner or whatever
consultant she did all his pr visits and he uh he wasn't allowed to come up with us very often but
he was allowed to take us fishing and uh we it was quite funny we you know harford's not on the water
but it's about 45 minutes an hour to the coast in connecticut and we go go down to the boat. It was the same thing every time.
There would be a big cooler full of beer there.
The boat would never leave the marina.
We'd just sit there and listen to Gordy's stories
and drink a whole cooler of beer.
It was just the best.
He was a great dude.
He had great stories.
I got one more, unless you got one, R.A.
Actually, one other name I want to bring up is Paul McLean,
who's the assistant in Toronto, I believe.
He was coach for Ottawa.
This guy was an absolute sniper, huh, when he played?
I mean, he only played 10 years.
He basically scored like 35 goals almost every year.
Then he was done.
And Big Mac was quietly one of the toughest guys in the league, too.
Not many guys fucked with him, but he was unbelievable and close.
He was my roommate my first year, and I've got a Paul McLean story.
Because I didn't start the year at Winnipepeg i didn't get shaved like the other guys so we're in new jersey we
played on a sunday night sunday afternoon sundays in jersey is about the worst place you give me in
the world hey god it's awful so we go out to have a few beers and big mac was back in the room i come
in and he he's laying on the bed he goes i'm
sorry bus i go what i'm sorry it's not my idea our joining room opens up randy carlisle robert
picard grabbed me they taped me they brought hockey sticks and tape they taped me over the
dresser and they had recruited some young ladies that they met that day to shave me top to bottom
and the girls were and big mac to say hey dude it's your turn i can't help you
what was with the shaving back then it's just like weird like why isn't it i think nobody used
to shave their chest like guys wouldn't shave their chest i'm guessing so if you did it it
was like kind of embarrassing like shaving somebody's eyebrow now probably i don't know
some people have the slit in their eyebrow that's cool in the circles you're running in the tiktok world yeah fuck boy but yeah nobody nobody there was
no manscaping back then nope um i got one left um i mean talking about another great one you
went from gordy how so you you got you signed with the kings and then you're in training camp
with wayne okay so you know huge respect for wayne you know i played against him and i went into
training camp they had a funny rule the nhlpa back then if you had played in the nhl the year before
you came to camp five days later than the guys who didn't it was like i don't know why they did that
first thing we did in la was we did fitness testing and we did it in groups of five and it
was me larry robinson john tinelli, our rookie, Daryl Sidor,
who was our first-round pick, and Gretzky.
And, you know, every training camp for me was basically a tryout.
I wasn't there to get in shape.
I had to come in in shape because I was barely going to make the team.
And I remember we started with push-ups.
And Larry was a stud.
Like, for a guy in his 40s, he was so fit.
You know, and everybody does, you know, 40, 50 push-ups and larry was a stud like for a guy in his 40s he was so fit you know and everybody doesn't know 40 50 push-ups and wayne cranks out two two right so then then we go to unassisted
sit-ups right and again you know i did like 120 i can tell you sit-ups don't help you make the team
and and uh gretz gretz gets to about six sit-ups his feet pop up and that's it that's six sit-ups don't help you make the team. And Gretz gets to about six sit-ups, his feet pop up, and that's it.
That's six sit-ups.
He couldn't do one pull-up, not one.
And then we did the VO2 test.
You know that VO2 test?
It's a cruel test because the better shape you're in,
the longer you have to ride.
I think he lasted about six minutes, right?
And he's just like, fuck.
So he's not on my team my inner squad team when we play against
him he's like non-existent i don't even see him on the ice and we make make a couple cuts we're
down to 28 30 guys and we're doing a home and home with pittsburgh first game in cleveland
second the next night in in pittsburgh and uh we don't i don't dress that first game and again i've
got wayne larry's not on the ice i remember there's like six of us getting skated after And we don't, I don't dress that first game. And again, I've got Wayne,
Larry's not on the ice.
And I remember there's like six of us getting skated after pregame skate and we're doing two on one simple two on ones.
And Wayne's my partner and every one of them. And like,
I don't get one shot on that.
Like the passes are hitting me in the back of the ass or the behind me.
And I go over to my dude, just trying to make the team, man. Like, just,
just throw it in front of me. Like like let me have a shot on net and i see wayne naked for the first time this whole training camp after that
pre-game skate and you know he's not a specimen he's got a little bit of a beer belly he's got
no shoulders he's got skinny legs his fucking ass is hanging over his jock strap and i just got
married that summer so after that i go to the hotel and I phone my wife and she's a huge Oiler fan.
I said, how's Gretzky?
You know, Gretzky, how is he?
And I go, fuck, you know, honey, I think he's done.
He hasn't taken care of himself.
I think he's kind of hit the line.
It hit the end of the road.
Like, he's not going to play.
We go into Pittsburgh the next night and pop six.
We win 9-5 and he gets six goals and two assists.
And it's the last game I've ever played in the NHL.
And I think Gretz won the scoring race by 55 points.
Good call, buddy.
It was unbelievable.
Did you turn your career into a scout after that or what?
And I got to play.
It was Jomber Yarger's first game.
No way.
Yeah.
We're all looking at him at warm-up.
And he was all tall.
He had that long hair.
He looked like a giraffe.
What a waste of a draft pick that was.
I don't know exactly what year it was, but I have the range within four years.
He went 168, 142, 163, 121 points.
So, Bussy, you were dead on.
You hit it out of the park, buddy.
Yeah.
Listen, this has been unbelievable.
A great storyteller.
Thank you so much for joining us.
Hilarious story about getting traded for a bust.
Now, is there one that you got to leave us with?
Is there one that we forgot to mention that is a go-to of yours?
Go-to?
Well, I kind of gave you all the big highlights.
Jim Kite?
Dave Ellett?
Oh, Jimmy Kite.
No, Jimmy Kite's a great one to finish on just to tell what so i live with
jim kite and jimmy is jimmy's clinically deaf he can't hear without hearing aids right so um
same thing it's a tuesday we're watching movies and you know we've you know we used to be on the
molson sponsors so we always had lots of beer and you know it's your turn hey jimmy go get a beer
for the three of us so every time jimmy would go get a beer we would turn the tv down we wouldn't
hit the mute button we turn it right down so it's nothing and then we pretend talk to each other
and jimmy would think he's missing something so he would turn his hearing aids up then we go
jimmy it worked once a month it would work and you know i remember we would crawl in drunk dave and i and
we grabbed jimmy's hearing aids from the bedside table i go throw him in the freezer and then i
get up about a half an hour before him and i put him back on his nightstand so when he got up in
the morning he had frozen hearing aids and they would scream we'd be driving the rick and they
because they're frozen they'd be screaming in his ear the whole way. And he couldn't swear when he had his  couldn't swear properly
when he didn't have his hearing aids in.
But we had fun.
Great guy.
Tom, appreciate it.
Thank you so much for joining us.
How long was that?
Hey, thanks for having me.
A real pleasure, you guys.
Hey.
As I said, it gives me a lot of cool creds with all the young people I know
back in Victoria.
I've got a lot of fans.
Thank you.
You guys do a great job.
I'm going to come back and play that dice game
and get my fucking money back, buddy.
Hey, Wits, member guest.
I'll be there.
Yeah.
Nice talking to you, Bussie.
Appreciate it.
I haven't paid my dues yet.
He can't come.
Of course, Shaka.
Huge thanks to Bussie for joining us.
What a character that guy was, Biz.
Hilarious story, getting traded for a bus and having some fun with it.
Well, that interview was also brought to you by OCB Rolling Papers.
OCB is the largest rolling paper brand in the world
and has been one with nature, crafted naturally since 1918,
so you know they've perfected the process
for a consistently great session time after time.
And now's your chance to join the OCB family forever.
OCB rolling papers are giving a lifetime supply of rolling papers, cones,
and some fresh swag to their loyal fans.
Make sure to check out at OCB underscore USA today for a chance to win.
All you have to do is follow at OCB underscore USA on Instagram.
Like the OCB High Hall post and tag two friends in the comments to win.
And there's also a shortcut on OCBUSA.com slash chicklets
with a link to enter on Instagram right now.
You must be 21 to buy the papers and to follow these social accounts.
Good luck with that.
Enjoy, because they're the best papers in the world.
And what's going on in hockey tonight?
I meant to bring this up earlier
because I compared their Stanley Cup chances
as Toronto.
They might be above the Leafs.
I want to apologize to the city of Buffalo.
And the thing is, when dogging their team
in the 750,000 contracts they gave out to everyone,
I was more than anything just kind of kicking a dog when it's down, right?
I was kind of enjoying the joke that the Buffalo Sabres organization has become.
And I got to be honest, I'm friends with Jack Eichler.
I think it's bullshit what's going on.
But I never once, never once disliked the Sabres fans.
What a great group of people. It's the Bills
Mafia and the hockey world.
As much as I want
Eichel to get out of there, I don't want
the Sabres to be horrible. And now
to see this start, to see them
shit-kick the two-time defending Stanley
Cup champions tonight, 5-1,
you got to give credit where credit's due
to a bunch of proud players. And Ari's
been saying this from the beginning, that Granados had that team play different from the minute he got in there.
So obviously they're using, and without being in the locker room,
I can say obviously they're using.
Everyone is calling you guys a joke.
They're not using anything that you'd be using off the ice.
Well, you said R.A. and using, and I'm like,
and then we just came out of the rolling papers ad.
I was like, oh, they actually are doing doing shit they're using clowns like us they're using
they're using absolute morons like myself as probably a little motivation right like everyone
thinks we're a joke and all of a sudden they've came out guns ablaze and i'm happy for the team
and and i don't think it'll continue but they've certainly already proven that if you're going to
take them lightly then you're probably going to lose that game well i don't think it'll continue, but they've certainly already proven that if you're going to take them lightly,
then you're probably going to lose that game.
Well, I don't know if you knew,
but they're actually using the alumni team.
That's why they've been...
Phil Housley was running the point.
I saw that joke.
I was like, did I forget that this is an alumni game?
It's every other game.
It's every other game.
Yeah, like you said, we're credit where it's due.
It's fun.
I mean, it's kind of going to be this on-running joke
of how long they can sustain this dominance in the NHL at least at the beginning of the year
and I guess like the not the the one surprise but a guy who's really been good there in in the early
days is that Victor Olsen he had another two tonight he's got four on the season they got a
lot of young guys and as you met for uh mentioned, for Granado, they're playing their balls off.
I just  maybe that loose approach that they had with the coach before,
you had them in Edmonton.
If the Leafs offered Buffalo Marner for Eichel, who says no?
Oh, here we go.
You're going to start proposing trades? Oh, it's just literally  it just came to my head.
I think he's got a no-move clause he i don't think he does it starts in two years oh does he really mark okay dealt neilander could get dealt i'm just thinking like i'm thinking
first but i want to hear how my brain or want to hear like exactly what happened there i was
thinking buffalo wow what a great start what a great Fuck. I hope they get rid of Ike's. I hope they get rid of Ike's.
Wow. Toronto's pretty close.
Toronto Maple Leafs have sucked.
I thought they'd be great and Buffalo'd be
shit, but oh my God.
Toronto has a guy that maybe they want to trade
at some point. Mitch Marner, right?
Ike needs to get out of town. Boom. I asked you
the question. That's how it went.
Now, maybe
that makes sense or maybe it doesn't but nonetheless
like i'm wondering who says no i don't think maybe dubas because he's sticking to his guns
he's sticking to his guns but think about they think about the amount of uh assets they can
maybe even add to the lineup they do get rid of eichel to add to this way of a team maybe
i know maybe we pose the question does buffalo go farther this season than the Toronto Maple Leafs?
And maybe they're just going to make a fool out of everyone.
So Buffalo, Montreal.
Let's see how Buffalo, Montreal ends up.
I think Montreal ends up with 17 more points than them.
All right.
I don't really have much else to say on Buffalo.
I'm actually hoping they start shitting again,
sucking again, so we can start shitting on them.
Wagon shirts are available, though.
Wagon shirts are back on sale.
Those are maybe the best shirt we've ever created,
the wagon Buffalo Sabre shirts.
I was listening to NHL radio this morning,
and they were talking about this is,
this could be a year where like a team gets like 96 points in the East.
Cause the Metro is just crushing everyone. Right.
I think the Metro is like 22, seven and five, something I I'm,
I'm a little off there, but it's a ridiculous record.
And they're talking about usually you get 93 points.
You're pretty much guaranteed a playoff spot, 93, 94.
But this year it's like with how good the East is
and how bad some of the teams in the West are,
it could be a team like with 89 points in the West sneaking in,
and it could be a team with 96 points in the East that gets fucked.
So just a storyline we could watch.
Good conversation on the radio show I had on NHL.
Nice.
All right, Biz, before we get to you,
I've got TNT antics this week,
which is going to be a weekly segment on this show,
we got to acknowledge the San Jose Sharks.
This is a team that nobody had doing anything.
Everybody dumped all over them.
They're 4-1 out of the gate,
have outscored the opposition 19-11,
won their first four before losing to the Bruins Sunday.
Aiden Hill had a great start,
struggled a little bit Saturday,
but Eric Carlson looking a bit like his old self.
Biz, have you seen San Jose play much?
Yeah, he's been chucking in the chew,
getting the job done offensively from the back end.
And I think one of the points I want to bring up is like
they kind of got rid of a distraction too, right?
And it seems like they're all having a good time.
They got some great goaltending in Aiden Hill. I've been pumping Aiden Hill's tire since I seen him come into the league
with the Coyotes I was devastated when they got rid of him and all of a sudden he's fucking kicking
for them they had a great road trip they ended up losing to Boston with a pretty strong comeback
there just fell short yeah they didn't quit man no point in that game Paul they they did not quit
and and one thing
that they've always been able to do is draft well and develop prospects and all of a sudden you get
these guys out of nowhere who are starting to contribute they're not household names so we'll
see what's going to happen and another guy who you heard rumblings of who wanted to leave at the
beginning of the year was tomas hurdle and they cannot lose him he is a big component to that team and I'm curious to know given the the great start
if he's maybe changing his attitude and his mind much like Tarasenko is which could transition us
into another topic because I know we're going to get to St. Louis right after this but a great
start for the San Jose Sharks on a team that we had at the bottom of the Pacific.
Now, I could easily just considering I picked them to be a bottom feeder,
no pun intended, the Sharks, they could fucking win the Pacific.
That's how weak it is.
So who knows what we're going to see.
A great start.
Brent Burns actually texted me the other day and was pumping my tires about the TNT debut.
Not a big deal.
And hopefully we can get him back on the podcast if this team keeps going to talk about you know what's changed inside that locker room and and and what's being done in order to kind
of propel them off to this amazing start compared to what we saw last year i uh i went to the game
brought rider another one of his buddies my thoughts thoughts were the Sharks, yeah. So Eklund and I think you say Dahling, Dahlin, Jonathan Dahlin.
Dahlin, yeah.
Yeah, so two rookies, two Swedes that are playing for this team.
Dahlin, his team wasn't in the Swedish Elite League last year,
the Swedish Hockey League.
They were in the first division down, and he lit it up.
He lit it up where Merles lives, Timra, his hometown.
So he came over and like, that's a guy.
And then Eklund also high pick this year makes the team.
So William Eklund and, and, and like, also you, you forget like Benito's there.
Cogliano's there.
You got some veteran presence, which they've obviously kind of had.
I feel like it's always been a, a veteran team there in San Jose,
but it definitely was like no quit,
no give up and an attitude that was different than I kind of thought looking
at their season.
I was down on them big time.
And I think looking at like what they have and the way Carlson and Burns were
playing and even Vlasic had some jump in his step and they lost four,
three, but it was a sick comeback.
My thought on the Bruins was, I know we've said this a million
times like that line it must be so fun every imagine how fun it is biz like think about the
playing days there was a day I got a couple scoring chances like oh my god that was a fun game
every shift they're on the ice it was the first shift of the game they got one and it really
never let up they could have had five six goals the line yeah Anson Carter brought it up too it's
like every game they lead with him too leading with oh yeah right out lead lead with
the ace of spades and anson mentioned it before that game on tnt when they were playing against
philadelphia they ended up dropping the game but they it was a 50 50 puck off the opening face off
marshall wins it gets it back they dump in his quarter he runs in wins the puck battle gets it
back and then they have a a minute he runs in, wins the puck battle, gets it back,
and then they have a minute shift of sustained pressure in the offensive zone to start the game out.
And what the fuck are the next Lions going to do?
They're going to follow in these guys' footsteps.
They set the tone every single night.
Sure enough, the next game, 30 seconds in,
they start the big line,
they end up putting one in the back of the net.
They create a turnover, beautiful setup. marsha or marsha scored it poster knock with a beautiful feed over to to
bergeron into into the slot area where marsha was still don't know how he got that puck off the way
that his body was but it's just and then i think that line ended up having three that night against San Jose. So they're a treat to watch.
I would say it's fair to say they're probably the best Bruins line to ever exist.
I think talking at the game and being from Boston,
I think they're the best line, one of the best lines ever in the NHL.
Like the French connection RA was like a crazy line in buffalo correct oh yeah absolutely yeah what other lines curry gretzky like who was their
winger sometimes it was samanko wasn't it the legion of doom with oh yeah the legion of poon
lindros leclerc renberg i mean oatsely. I mean, they could have thrown me on that fucking
the other wing.
It would have been the greatest fucking wins ever.
I think that this line has done more than the Legion of Doom did.
No, I agree.
The Legion of Doom went to a cup final,
but I think  how long were they together?
Maybe four years?
Not all that long.
And you're talking about two guys.
I mean, I think Bergeron probably definitely going to the Hall of Fame.
Marchand is surely on the track.
If Paz not keeps up, he'll be a Hall of Famer.
You're talking three Hall of Famers on one line.
I think if Guy Carboneau is in the Hall of Fame,
then you're putting Brad Marchand on the Hall of Fame.
He is so good.
It's crazy.
And the other shout-out was McAvoy, and he signed the big deal.
And watch him in person, dude.
He closes time and space very quick.
He is in a unit that is light on his feet and flying around offensively.
He's got a lot of confidence, just a, a big time,
like a true number one defenseman out there that that's deserving of that big payday he got. So it was great. It was great being at a game, dude.
Ryder loves it with James and James Byrne, Teddy Ryan, these kids, they're all the same age.
My good friends, we've all had sons within like,
I think Ryder and James are two weeks,
and then Teddy's about six months younger,
but they love hockey.
They're watching the game.
It was just really cool to kind of experience that.
There was tons of kids there being one o'clock start.
So quickly, that game was against Bostonoston on tnt boston and philly
the only other thing i wanted to mention from it was akison's hot start in philly and he felt that
some of the fan base in columbus had given up on him and said that maybe he's not not washed up but
he definitely doesn't have the same pep at a step from the year that he played with panarin
and i asked him post game because he had some pretty aggressive comments basically being like
you know these people think that, like,
Panarin made me.
He's like, you know, I had a couple 30-goal seasons
before Panarin showed up.
And he's like, I got a fucking chip on my shoulder,
and I'm about to prove some shit this year.
And he's been off to a hot start.
So it was cool to see them.
They got a very well-balanced offense in Philly that is fun to watch,
and they still don't even have Hazy in the lineup.
I like what their team brings.
Obviously, Carter Hart's got to still figure out some things,
but the other game that we ended up getting of that doubleheader
was Vegas and St. Louis, and this was my first chance
to really get a look at this St. Louis team coming out of the gate
this year.
That game was played with so much unbelievable pace
the entire night.
You had Johnny predictions
that night too, Biz. You said Philly over
Boston and then you called the Tarasenko goal
over Vegas. That's right. I
was. I was humming. I fucking blacked out.
What happened? She didn't bet it though.
I didn't. No, I've
been picking losers lately.
Just like the Leafs tonight puck line and they
get all right. He's a gambler now. Now, whatever
you don't bet, you win.
He's experiencing what he dealt with.
Yeah, but incredible game.
Back and forth.
Great goaltending.
I picked Tarasenko, who's had a great start to the season.
I guess he scored another nasty one tonight against the LA Kings.
But this St. Louis team is the real fucking deal, man they Ryan O'Reilly was miked up you could
just tell he had some pep in his step and he loves those big moments and those big games
and and they ended up stepping up to the occasion and uh obviously Vegas is dealing with some
scoring issues right now and uh you know you can't really put the onus on Leonard
and they're really struggling after you know missing Stone and Pacioretty.
Their numbers when they don't score power play goals
as far as an organization so far are not very good.
They need to fucking pick that up or they're going to be in trouble.
They're at the bottom of the division right now.
Also, Bucinavich got a two-game sussy foul.
Our second headbutt of the season, folks.
Our second cocoa butt of the season.
Cocoa butt off Arizona's Lawson Crouse.
I mean, it's like WWF in the 1980s over here with the cocoa butts.
But, yeah, two games for him.
Also, too, I want to go back to Philly for a sec.
Nate Thompson.
Seattle's Nathan Bastion went off his captain, Claude Drew.
Big mistake.
Oh, he's given him so many rights.
He was a bad man for a lot.
Nate's such a nice guy off the ice, but you mess with his captain,
he's going to do that to you.
That was pummeling, fierce pummeling.
Yeah.
Yeah, but hey, and just quickly, St. Louis, Bennington,
his GM is GM of the Olympic team.
And right now, I'd say that he's probably one of the guys that's going to be going,
at least the way that he started this season.
He looks like he's in playoff mode already from a few years ago.
So I'm excited for that.
And then I don't know who the other guys are going to be,
but there may be some nepotism involved.
Oh, I think that would be one of them's Blackwood.
That's why he got vaccine vaccinated,
because I think you'd have to be to go to the Olympics.
And he's one of the goalies, the blues.
That's my pick.
I want back most from the preseason.
I don't know what I was thinking.
You didn't, I can't blame you on that one biz.
And it's like O'Reilly.
And I didn't really think of how good Perron is.
Shen.
It's a team that I think with Binnington playing like he is,
it's no surprise.
And for some reason I thought it would be, but the young guns,
that Cairo flies around, Robert Thomas plays more.
So not at all surprised.
I don't know what I was thinking.
One of my many bad takes biz.
I know, I know you've had them.
I have a lot more of them.
In the end, though, it's Ryan O'Reilly up front,
and when Binnington's this good, they're going to be able to beat anyone.
So the goal tonight was sick.
Tarasenko undressed someone, I can't think of it right away,
and just scored shelf.
And maybe that's a guy that doesn't end up wanting to be traded, right?
But he's doing exactly what you have to do if you still want to be dealt.
Like he requested, you play as well as you can.
You give him as many opportunities for teams to come calling.
But he's won a cup here, and they're winning.
Maybe all of a sudden he changes his mind.
He's playing good.
He's playing a lot more.
And I don't know how that's going to go down,
but they're going to get a lot for him if they do trade him,
if he's playing this well. One other team biz we need to talk about from the
doubleheader you covered uh the Vegas Golden Knights uh it's been tough sledding for them
so far one and four start uh they're missing Mark Stone and Max Bacci already Stone is similar
between day to day and week to week uh patchy radio is week to week he fractured his foot
and also defenseman Zach Whitecloud is also out week to week uh Robin Shurady is week to week. He fractured his foot. And also, defenseman Zach Whitecloud
is also out week to week.
Robin Lehner, I mean, I don't think he's been playing bad.
His number's 1-4, 3-8
with a 9-0-4. You know, it's just
indicative of a team that's losing a lot of parts.
I think he's getting hung up to dry a little bit.
Chandler Stevenson leading the team
in scoring two goals, two assists,
four points in five games.
But in their last four games, I'm sorry.
Well, I mean, in that St. Louis game, I think you had over 40 stops.
It was a goaltending showcase until that third period
when Tarasenko ended up scoring the winner.
And then against the Islanders, they didn't score a goal.
They lost 2-0.
Does he want the Barzell goal back?
Probably because it was short side shelf on a not so good angle.
But, fuck, they didn't even pot one.
So, I mean, at that point, you're losing 2-1.
So, you can't blame the Panda at this point.
They got no goal support right now.
What do they got, nine fucking goals in six games?
Yeah, they've been struggling and obviously missing a couple of offensive horses
is only going to make it worse.
In their five  what's it? I'm sorry. Yeah, five games, they've scored four goals, three goals, two goals,
one goal, and zero goals, six goals in their last.
It's not the trend.
It's not the trend you want.
Yeah, not the way you want to go.
Boys, moving right along, the Detroit Red Wings,
107 games they went without being a favorite.
They were favorite over Columbus.
Monday, they ended up winning the game 4-1.
Mo Sider, number 53.
Imagine he took this number because of Herbie the Love Bug,
which is a Disney character, like going back 50 years.
He saw the movie when he was a kid and decided that's going to be my number.
You ever heard a story like that before?
I mean, it's working for him.
The training camp number.
Man, he's a
cocky fucker too we talked about it last week he stole the puck from uh from headman after the face
off cross-checked all of recman larson he's off to a hell of a start folks and stevie y has already
got this team playing a lot better they are going to compete all season long we joked about turning
him into the goon squad but that just tells you that there's been a culture change
and that these guys are willing to stick up for one another
and compete with one another every night.
And then on top of having a guy on the back end that's, you know,
in his rookie campaign coming out of nowhere,
you got this Lucas Raymond four-point night against the Hawks,
goes into Chicago.
I mean, you get the fucking pizza from DeHaan to start things off.
Confidence rolling, ends up getting the hat trick.
Only two other players in Detroit Red Wings history
have had a four-point game while being the age of 19, excuse me.
Gordie Howe and Stevie Bongrips.
So this guy is off to an amazing start and and i know you
detroit fans who have been so hard pressed for these four years you're going a 20-year run
with horseshoes stuck up your ass getting lucky with every single goddamn draft pick even the
ninth rounders and now all of a sudden you're pulling more rabbits out of your ass so fucking
congratulations red wings you're back at it for fuck's sakes.
Why can't the Coyotes get a fucking couple fucking bounces?
No, they will this year, though.
They'll get Shane, right?
I think that the Red Wings are on the come up.
The Raymond kid could be very special.
I mean, that's a tall pick.
He plays with edge, gets quicker, gets better.
And I guess this guy's like a seasoned pro, you know, off the ice,
like came to Detroit was living there this summer.
Like totally is all in on becoming like as great as he can.
So it's always good when you hear, you know,
the type of kids these guys are, right. These,
these kids are so driven now and he's one of those dudes.
So cider's a prick, like you mentioned.
I mean, it's not just stealing the puck.
He plays mean.
He plays physical, and he's huge.
Maybe not like tons of offensive upside,
but maybe it just keeps getting better as well.
He's a true number one.
But I think that it's exciting if you're a Wings fan
because it's been pretty quick to at least all of a sudden
have some guys you're really looking at that like that you can enjoy the season watching.
So I like it.
And Bertuzzi, obviously unable to travel to Canada,
gets the night off against Montreal.
Hey.
Hey, boys, I'll see you in Chicago.
I'll meet you there.
I think he had one and two.
And you were talking about Sider, like you talk about the offensive upside.
I mean, I think he's already got, what, six assists this year?
He's their best defenseman already yeah on the team so yeah it's it's it's going to be interesting guys we we said three four years out this thing might happen a little bit sooner
yeah detroit very exciting to watch thus far a few other teams we want to mention uh the pittsburgh
penguins three oh and two out of the gate they've been getting some scoring by committee biz
uh i know you want to talk about the leadership of sully he's obviously the most winningest coach The Pittsburgh Penguins, 3-0 and 2 out of the gate. They've been getting some scoring by committee biz.
I know you want to talk about the leadership of Sully.
He's obviously the most winningest coach in team history.
They've gotten goals from 11 different forwards.
They were missing Gino, Sid, Letang, Ruston, Cotton.
They still beat up on Toronto 7-1.
Crosby, still not sure when he's going to be cleared.
But they're getting led by these kind of like, you know, by committee.
Like I said, Drew O'Connornor undrafted free agent out of Dartmouth,
leads the team with five points.
Danton Heinen, free agent signing.
Evan Rodriguez, Northeastern product.
BU.
I'm sorry.
I thought it was Northeastern.
My bad.
BU. Oh, yeah.
Don't say that when it's around.
But it's, guys, it's a cultural thing.
And, you know i they win the
division last year and i think that they're going to not make playoffs this year i am just oh for
the goddamn century right now and with injury comes opportunity and there's drew o'connor who
knows who knows guys maybe all of a sudden you got the next jakeensel. And that's just kind of the luck that Pittsburgh has had
with some of these guys that they end up picking out of nowhere.
And all of a sudden you hear Crosby, who spoke with the media,
he's not far from coming back.
And the fact that he's even just joined the team for practice
has just elevated their mood,
and I'm sure the pace of how practice and how they're conducting themselves.
And as far as Mike Sullivan, I think that the fan base is a little bit like because you know I follow
online a little bit and like the minute things are not going so great they want a coaching change or
they want to trade flurry off or whatever goalies in what situation at the time but given with what
they've gotten to start the season and where they're at early and more five games in, folks,
early candidate for the Jack Adams, I would imagine.
Yeah, I mean, you  I don't really understand
how people want him fired, right, if you're a Penguins fan,
because he's the winningest Penguins coach of all time.
The team right now, like the win that they had against the Leafs was ridiculous.
I actually, you remember Rob Rossi?
He tweeted, this is my 17th season covering the Penguins.
Their 7-1 win over the Maple Leafs might be the most impressive
regular season victory in that span.
Probably ranks among top 10 regular season wins in franchise history.
Not being hyperbolic.
Wow, gosh, stuff, given circumstances,
where they really were,
they didn't have four Hall of Famers in the lineup.
They were kind of icing somewhat of like an AHL squad.
I mean, they had a ton of guys that won't be in the lineup
if everyone's healthy playing,
and they dusted Toronto, who was starving for a win.
So if you don't think the coach is partly,
has something to do with this start
without who they've had in the lineup, you're crazy. He's the head coach of Team USA for a win. So if you don't think the coach is partly that has something to do with this start without who they've had in the lineup, you're crazy. He's the head coach of Team USA for a reason.
He's another example of a guy who failed at the beginning at a younger age as a head coach. He
was in Boston. And then your second go around after he's with Tortorella for a long time in
New York, second go around your head coach. Yeah, you have Crosby and Malcolm, but he's done a
ridiculous job there. And this year starts been no different. Yeah, I think Crosby and Malcolm, but he's done a ridiculous job there. And this year's start's been no different.
Yeah, I think that the fire Sullivan chats start when the fact that,
what, they haven't won a playoff game in the last two, three years.
Yeah.
So, you know, I'm not going to put as much stock in that,
but definitely off to a great start to the season.
All right, boys, moving right along.
Shit, man, there's so many notes on so many teams.
We've got to speed it up a little here.
We're going to give a shout-out to Anze Kopita,
who had nine points in his first five games.
I know the Kings are playing right now.
I think they're losing, but a little bit of a surprise
out of the gate for the Kings.
Also, hey, did you see the play by Matthew Kachuk, Calgary?
The puck was going on the stands, and it was going to hit somebody in the lower rows
at a pretty high velocity.
And Matthew jumped up with a stick and batted it down.
I've never seen it before.
I mean, he was basically making sure someone didn't get their face broken
or stitches or fucking teeth knocked out.
I mean, he got a penalty for two minutes for interference.
Did you see this guy's, no?
No, I didn't catch that one. He literally, yeah, it was crazy. I'd, he got a penalty for two minutes for interference. Did you see this guy's? No. No,
I didn't catch that one. He literally yeah, it was crazy. I'd never seen nothing before.
He literally jumped up because he saw the
puck was like going to the crowd,
but you know, with a little bit of mustard on
it, and if it caught somebody, it might have split him
and he jumped up and knocked it down
with his stick like a fucking Jedi. Why
did he get a penalty? It was going to go
over the glass. It was his own teammate who dumped it
out from inside of his own. So they're like, ah,
that was heading out. Boom, get in the box.
Yeah.
That's bullshit. You should be able to
save the puck from going out. Are you kidding
me? But he was on the bench. But he's also
on the bench. Oh, I'm sorry, dude.
If you said that, I apologize.
I thought he was on the ice. Okay, that's a
little different. No, he was on the bench.
It was just a crazy play I'd never seen before.
I know we mentioned Tampa Bay getting their rings earlier.
Fall Out Boy played the ceremony, Biz got the CD.
Also, did you guys see that picture of the Tampa Bay Fire Department?
They had one of their ladder trucks painted over.
Half of it was Tampa Bay Lightning Champs.
The other side was Tampa Bay Buccaneers champs.
On each side on the end was the Tampa Bay Devil Rays.
Well, they were the Devil Rays.
Sounds like a sick fire truck, R.A.
No, it really did.
It looked unreal.
I guess we did it a few months back.
But, I mean, no.
I haven't seen it.
Send me the picture over.
All right.
Oh, you're rattled.
Are you rattled?
No, I didn't think you were going to rank a nice fire truck.
I didn't see you.
My dad was a fireman.
That's insensitive.
Please take it back.
No, I'm not.
I'm not.
How did I dog it?
I said it sounds like a sick fire truck.
No, you're an asshole.
You're uninvited to the to the fireman and police officer game in NYC next year.
All right, Biz.
Did you know this kid Dyson Mayo in Arizona?
His first goal in his first NHL game,
taking 133rd overall back in the 14 draft,
208 AHL games, 25 Coast games, and he gets a goal.
I just think
His first NHL game.
Nice story.
Perseverance, guys, and I love stories like this. And,
and, you know, given this, the situation in Arizona right now, and you know,
the fact that, you know,
you're going to get some opportunities if you're a guy in the minors,
the fact that this guy went from the coast to the a,
and then now in his first NHL game scored his first goal,
he looked great out there, happy for him.
And I just thought it was something that we could bring up a little bright
spot in the coyoyotes season,
including Clayton Keller with another tuck against the Florida Panthers tonight.
He put on seven pounds this offseason.
He's looking really good.
He's looking like the player that we expected him to be.
So that's all I really got for the Coyotes.
They played a great game against the Islanders,
but fucking Islanders put them to sleep.
I thought the Coyotes deserve to win that game.
Fuck.
They limited them to four shots in the first fucking period, but, uh,
off Islanders back off to boring hockey with back-to-back shutouts.
Like, uh, Columbus, Max Domi, uh,
he's going to be on the injured reserve with a rib fracture out two to four
weeks. Uh, Patrick lining a two overtime goal,
game winning goals on the first week of the season, with a rib fracture out two to four weeks. Patrick Lani got two overtime game-winning goals
around the first week of the season.
18-year-old Cole Sillinger got his first NHL goal as well.
Out in Anaheim, forward Max Jones is going to be out
four to six months with a torn pec.
Hate to see that with a young staff today.
Obviously, we'd rather see him on the ice.
And Mason McTavish, he should be back soon.
Also, New Jersey, Jack Hughes dislocated his left shoulder. Will not require surgery. him on the ice and mason mctavish he should be back soon uh also new jersey jack hughes
dislocated his left shoulder will not require surgery uh he's gonna be on ir sucks to see that
as well uh hat tip to jimmy vizu got a goal he started off as a pto with jersey got a goal
getting some nice ice time there and nico does his first nhl start he got the win as well so
a couple of nice stories there, boys.
Yeah, and quickly, it sucks for Jack Hughes because for the most part,
if that happens, you end up needing surgery at some point.
Now, I guess if it's not a bad one at all, that won't be the case,
but probably in a sling when he comes back, Biz.
You know, that always affected guys.
You have to play in the sling.
You have to get used to it.
So that's just brutal news because his start had been so good.
Yeah, people are probably wondering, wait wait a sling on the ice yeah sometimes they they have guys that put them on underneath their equipment so it limits their range of motion
to where it would make it vulnerable to make it worse if you were to get hit in that situation so
but that's just man i've i think i've put one of those because I had bad AC joints, and it just limits you so much.
And for a guy who needs his hands in that movement.
Who was limited to begin with.
Who, me?
Yeah, you fucker.
Like putting a bear trap on me out there.
But, yeah, that's shitty.
That's shitty news.
That's fucking too many injuries.
There's so many guys going down right now with injuries.
Yeah, we hate reporting them, but we do have to pass them along.
Three stars of the week, Kyle Conner, Winnipeg Jets,
five goals, three assists in three games.
Connor McDavid, three goals, five assists in three games.
And Ilya Sorokin, 3-0-1 with the 9-9 goals against,
and the 9-7-1 save percentage with two shutouts as well.
And, Biz, Mike McKenna, guest of the program,
he talked about eBuds and his feelings on them.
He feels there should be a taxi squad goaltender,
a full-time paid number three that would travel, practice,
and be ready for every game when called upon.
He thinks they could rework the CBA to include a provision
that allows teams to carry a third goaltender.
They could enter the game in emergency situations,
obviously the situations which we'd expect here.
I know you opined about it yourself to us on the email, Biz.
What do you take here?
I think it's a great idea.
I guess you would just have to figure out what would be salary.
It would be tough.
You can't pay them more than what the what would be salary like it would be tough to you can't pay
them more than what the guys would be making in the american league yeah he was saying basically
250k would be the like well yeah but fucking both the both the guys in the ahl are making less than
that so yeah but he can't play unless it's middle of the game like they'd have to call somebody up
you know what i'm saying are you just saying salary because he's no i just i think that i think that you could probably persuade you you would what you would probably get is is not
a you would get a competent goalie that is a little bit older that is not going to be getting
developed in the american hockey league right but you're also going to see no game action so to pay
a guy like that 250 when guys are in the American League making less,
I think that the money's off.
McKenna's saying 250, this beer league goalie sprinting to the gym right now.
What?
It would be a beer league goalie, correct?
No, it would probably be a guy like McKenna if he had the ability to.
Now, mind you, he's got a family, and I don't know if he could be traveling around but you're but as a team you're not going to go you're not going to
put one of your prospects because you need them playing in the american league and developing
so you have to find a situation where you're going to get like a like a like a bull like a bullpen
pitcher and that's kind of the example to use you got to get some guy who's like 35 years old
who loves going on the fucking road with the boys crushing beers but not making 250 you got to get some guy who's like 35 years old he loves going on the fucking road with the boys crushing beers but not making 250 you gotta and not playing this is the best job in the world
i might become a fucking goalie for 125 grand i'd do it absolutely yeah hey all right you had a
pretty good showing of ball hockey i love the concept i just don't think the money's right
because then it's just like, then the fucking American League guy
is going to want to go just hang around
with the team making 250.
You're going to have prospects
not wanting to be prospects.
You're going to have them wanting to be booze bags.
I want to be suspect.
Butt chugging pink Whitney, dog.
Let's go.
Just saying, don't get,
both of you guys better not get injured.
We also want to send our best wishes
to mike bossy uh he's going to be stepping away from his on-air role at tva sports as he battles
lung cancer uh this is this guy he's a name that should pop up a lot more we talk about the best
goal scorers in nhl history mike bossy his career was cut short by injuries, but he's got the best goals per game percentage in NHL history,
a prolific playoff score and prolific regular season score,
but also a great human being. He's got a little bit of a battle up.
So we want to send him our best and hopefully everybody else does the same.
And we're going to send it over to Brady Shea in one second.
But first we do want to tell you that the interview is brought to you by
Sling TV.
The NHL season is here, and if you love watching live sports, but you're tired of the high prices,
it's time to take control of your TV experience.
It's time you got Sling.
Sling is the place where your favorite sports channels like ESPN, FS1, TNT, and more are all together for less.
Watch sports all season long with the Sling Blue Plus Sports Extra Package,
which gives you access to NHL Network and more,
like Red Zone and Golf Channel, for only 21 your first month.
Plus, watch past episodes of Spittin' Chicklets,
Sandbag Invitational, and exclusive Barstool content for free on the Barstool Sports channel on Sling.
Sling is so easy to set up, it's so easy to use, and there's no contracts.
Starting at just 35 a month, you sign up now,
and you get your first month for just 10.
Whatever you're into, Sling is where you can find the live sports you love all in
one place. Go to
sling.com slash barstool to sign
up now and get your first month started
at just 10.
And right now, we're going to send it over to
Carolina Hurricanes defenseman
Brady Shea.
Well, it's time for our
first player of the new season, and we're pleased
to welcome this defenseman to the show.
A first-round pick in the 2012 draft and a member of the 2017 all-rookie team,
he's already heading into his seventh NHL season
and his third wearing a Carolina Hurricanes jersey.
Thanks a bunch for joining us on the Spittin' Chicklets podcast.
Brady Shea, how's it going, man?
What's up, guys? Thanks for having me. Appreciate it.
Absolutely. A pleasure.
I'm guessing you got down in the town a little early so you can get some golfing.
I did, yeah.
I got down here about three weeks ago, and actually six of us are about to join a course
down here called Old Chatham.
Oh, dude.
That place is sick.
Yeah, it's so good. There were two guys there last year, and you're only allowed four rounds a year.
So we use that up pretty quick.
So we're all six of us are joining this year.
So it should be good.
Isn't that where Justin Williams plays?
Yeah.
So Willie was there.
Troach was there, is there.
And then Hayden Fleury was there as well.
So it's an
unbelievable track so is williams uh kid the real deal he had us uh he he had him hitting balls on
the zoom when we interviewed him the one on the simulator i forgot about that yeah he's a stick
isn't he have you guys seen that simulator will he has yeah well when we interviewed him he did
it from down in his basement there and his son was whacking five irons like 210 on a string i'm like jesus christ how old's that kid yeah jacks is a stud i actually played with uh
jacks and willie three of us one time and he's good he's he's the real deal like he's playing
like junior tournaments now and stuff so uh yeah he's a great kid and really good golfer i i got a
buddy um that's a member at old chatham he's actually Rob Oppenheim who plays on Taurus Caddy.
His name's Dynamite Dean.
Just stay away from him.
He's probably going to be laying lines for your games too.
Just say, Dean, stay away from me.
Stay away from me.
This guy's a gambler.
I'll keep that in mind.
Not those kind of lines, all right.
We were hearing, I mean, how long have you been golfing for?
Because everybody says that everything you do, you just pick up naturally,
including guitar, which is something you picked up last year.
And everybody's been raving that you're the new fucking John Mayer,
a guitar guy.
Where are you guys getting this information from? Yeah.
I thought I was lucky. I actually grew up on a public course in,
in Minnesota. So I had like the junior membership and stuff and a good group of buddies
growing up. So I probably started playing when I was six or seven,
but when I got older we lived on the sixth hole. So when, you know,
guys were finishing up the round, like seven 38 o'clock at night,
I always wait for the last group to go by and then bring out like 30,
40 balls and just hit balls balls around the around the course so i feel like that that helped
quite a bit that'd be a divorce for me biz hey if i lived on a course now like oh yeah why you
talked about maybe you talked about maybe getting a simulator now you talked about minnesota around
that same time where you started playing golf that's when they ended up getting the NHL team back so you must have grown up a huge Wild fan I did yeah I uh actually was lucky enough
to go to the first game the first inaugural game for the Wild yeah I think that was it was either
2000 2001 um and yeah so I was a huge Wild fan huge Marion Gabrick fan growing up he was like the stud back then for uh for all his
young kids so uh yeah huge huge Minnesota wild fan and it was really fun to go that first game
I still remember that to this day so uh I know you ended up uh in Ann Arbor with the development
team but what town are you from in Minnesota and like most kids did you play for your high school
before you left left home I did
yeah I'm from uh Lakeville which is like 29 south of Minneapolis um and then you yeah you guys know
what Minnesota hockey it's pretty cool that you know you grow up with I had a really good group
of guys I grew up with that we all played together from like six years old all the way up and through
high school um always for your town too That's the best thing about that state.
Yeah, always for your town, which is pretty cool.
So, yeah, hockey is huge.
High school hockey is huge in Minnesota, and there's a lot of talent there.
I mean, everyone plays, so it's a great spot.
Did you make any of those legendary hair videos ever?
I actually did not.
No, I don't know if that was around.
It might have been around i had i had
a buzz cut in high school so i was i didn't have the flow going um but i actually met the guy that
did the did the videos in new york um he came to one of our games and got to say hi to him quick
i think i made a little quick video shout out for the guys that made the hair team that year
where could you imagine this guy skating up to the blue line,
the fucking waterworks that would be going on in the stadium?
Oh, I thought you were going to say,
could you imagine somebody trying to do an all hair video with you wit with
my fucking terrible fucking off I have up top.
Oh, I can't talk right now.
Cause I got the fro going, although it's pretty tamed right now.
So, Oh, go ahead. All right.
I would say you look like Chewbacca in Return of the Jedi right now
with that do you guy going, Biz.
It looks good, Biz.
It's got slick back.
Thank you very much.
Hey, sticking with the last golf question here, though,
you played in the Barstool Classic pretty recently, did you not?
I did, yeah.
I played with Anders Lee, Brock Nelson, and Vinny Letary,
and Frankie as well.
You guys take it down?
Yeah, so it's actually two-man teams.
Me and Vinny actually qualified to go to Pinehurst.
I think we got second.
We shot six or seven under, and then we obviously aren't
we're not going to be able to go.
I think it's in November, and we're in Vegas at that point.
So I'm not going to
Oh, shucks.
I'm not going to tell Rod, hey, Rod, I got to go skip today's game.
We got to go to Vegas and play in the Barstool Classic.
Grinelli was too shy to ask.
He wanted to know, what do Anders Lee's quads look like in person?
Are they the fucking real deal?
This guy's got to be the quadzilla reigning champ in the NHL.
I've never seen anything like it.
I'm not kidding.
You have to see it in person.
I know there's pictures and stuff. There's some pictures that make them look big. They are the biggest things I've never seen anything like it. I'm not kidding. It is  you have to see it in person. I know there's pictures and stuff.
Like, there's some pictures that make him look big.
They are the biggest things I've ever seen.
He's so strong.
I mean, he was an unbelievable athlete, too.
He was like an all  he was Mr. Football in Minnesota.
Like, really good athlete.
And, yeah, I mean, his quads are crazy.
Is he a little older than you? or are you guys the same age?
He's older than me.
He's probably four years older than me, four or five.
Yeah.
But, yeah, he's a stud.
Yeah, I watched that video.
I mean, yeah, you got a beautiful swing.
It looked fun, but he pulled up in those short shorts.
I'm like, is this guy fucking for real with these things?
Yeah, try to move him
in front of the net on the power play. You probably tried.
You can't do it. It's impossible.
Yes.
There's Letary playing now. Is he still with the Rangers?
I have no idea.
He's in San Diego and Anaheim.
So he's at the Anaheim camp
right now.
Yeah, we had a ton of fun. It was such a good day.
It was like
very professionally ran.
Like, I was not surprised, but, like.
No, you were surprised.
Oh, you were surprised.
You can't backtrack now.
You were surprised.
I was a little surprised.
They do a hell of a job.
They really did.
It was a really, really fun day.
You were the quarterback in high school as well.
You a huge Vikings fan, I'm guessing, unfortunately?
Unfortunately, yeah.
How about last week?
They had a kicker on every single week, not every week,
but that's a huge thing.
That's like the theme of the franchise, man.
It's crazy.
It's crazy, yeah.
I've always been a Vikings fan.
They've had a couple pretty good runs, but, yeah,
definitely been Vikings all the way.
Sorry, all right, quickly.
I forgot to
ask this right away so like when i first saw your name i'm like who's this brady skajel from
fucking slovakia like how what what is the ancestry dna like how many times have people
messed up your name take us through like where this comes from it's norwegian um it's been messed up my whole entire life uh during like a roll call in school
people does like it was a substitute teacher they'd say brady and then like would start the s
and then i just be like yeah okay yeah i'm here like messed up at hockey games um it's actually
funny i went to zuccarello's charity hockey game in Norway
probably three or four summers ago,
and every person knew right away how to pronounce it,
which was pretty cool.
That was the first time ever.
Casey told me that that's an insane time.
He said, first of all, Zuccarello is legit the king of the country.
King, yeah.
He's the man.
I mean, it was A-list celebrity type stuff going on when Zook's there.
It's like I wasn't there.
Kev went the year before me, but he was telling me that he was like
riding the back of the police cars going from like the venue to the bar,
and Zook was just the absolute man.
It is crazy.
Did you ever think it would land you on SNL?
I did not, no.
No, that was, we were actually watching that.
So the Rangers, they knew there was something going on
with the Rangers for that week.
Like they reached out to them and asked
if they could use a couple of guys' jerseys
or names or something like that.
So we had kind of news that was going to happen,
and me and Kev and Jimmy were watching it live.
And we saw the guy walk in, and it was like,
you could see the seven on the jersey.
And I was like, geez, that might be my jersey.
It could be mine.
Kev's like, it's definitely yours.
It's just her and I turned around, and my phone literally blew up like the second after that happened it's crazy yeah that
thing's become a meme ever since then but i i know you said you left chance to wrap up tickets
for a game did he ever take you up on the offer i've not contacted chance since that skit no
but it was actually it was good because it was actually a really funny skit which was they did a really good job oh yeah um you know it was yeah it's pretty cool that
my jersey was on there i feel like we skipped away from that guitar question awful quick
what's the story with that it was not much to talk about there i can't serenade our following
you didn't know you had to play for us on this interview, dude? Go get it. I see it behind you.
Yeah, right.
Yeah, right.
So I actually, in Ann Arbor, it was actually unreal. I went to Pioneer, and my senior year, my first hour class was Guitar One.
So that was the first time I ever picked it up.
And there was nothing better than getting up, going to school,
and your first hour, you're really sitting there playing a guitar it's just like the perfect start start of the day
a couple bumps just fucking let's just fucking get her going here
no there's none of that happening but um no yeah so i started then and then kind of been playing
on off um since then but i'm definitely not an expert in any means.
That's not what Jordan Martin told me.
Oh my God, what?
And at the fact that like, so you play with Lundqvist
and then also Ryan O'Reilly's a well-known guitar player.
So they're like the NHL needs a new it guy.
And I feel like you guys can go neck and neck.
And by the way, I hear you play the guitar that you could be that,
you could take Lundqvist's spot.
I got a lot of work to do before that.
But something to shoot for. But I can bet a lot of money that will not be me.
He's like, Fiz, I own five suits.
What are you talking about?
You had a pretty big offseason.
Congratulations.
You got married correct
i did yeah thank you very much um yeah it was fun we went yeah thank you we went to uh
we got married in maine um what made you go there yeah back to ann arbor actually my bill parents
um are originally from mass and would vacation in maine and stuff growing up and uh they bought a place on the river
out there um they're just the greatest people in the world like i mean everyone on when i was in
ann arbor was jealous of me like they were just such good people um steak and eggs for breakfast
every morning and no it's just yeah it was unbelievable a great great house and uh they asked us like a year and
a half ago if we want to do it out there and we're like yeah maybe we'll think about it knowing that
almost everyone in the wedding is going to be from minnesota be kind of a hike but
we went out there and saw it and it was absolutely beautiful and um decided to do it there and it was
a ton of fun really fun what part of maine uh newcastle that area yeah yeah
you guys go away for the honeymoon right after are you waiting to do that or what's the deal
we did we went to italy right after um yeah lake como we did do como we did three days in Tuscany, three days in Rome, and three days in Positano.
So it was...
I recommend anyone who can go there
to go over and see Italy.
It is the greatest food.
Like, it's so good.
Tuscany's beautiful, isn't it?
So I want to go over there.
I really want to go over there.
The food, everything.
A couple people told me Rome almost,
you almost only need a day or two. Did you agree you agree with that like kind of like the other two places were
better off for you guys yeah we were told the same thing actually and um we actually like all
three about the same it was they're all unbelievable it was nice because in rome it was because of
covid the capacity of people that were in the city was way down. And that weekend was also a holiday weekend for the country of Italy.
So it was like not empty, but you could walk around, no problem,
no lines for restaurants and like that.
So we really liked it.
I like history, so I thought it was really cool to see the Coliseum
and like the Vatican and that kind of stuff.
So we had a ton of fun in Rome how awesome is that Amalfi Coast unbelievable like our favorite
day on the honeymoon was we took a boat around um Capri so that and it's just beautiful it's like
nowhere else in the world it's just a lot of stairs though the walking is kind of a pain in the ass you gotta walk a ton of stairs looks like i ain't going can't handle it biz you know that it is wild how
they basically build the city like into the side of a mountain over there crazy it's yeah it's
beautiful so i mentioned you down there for training camp you guys would you have physicals
and interviews or something today have you started skating with the group yet yeah so we started we started skating together um when i got down
there was probably 12 to 15 guys and in the last couple weeks there's been we've had two full teams
down here skating which is which has been good um and then yet today we did physicals and media
and then our welcome like team meeting before training
camp kicks off.
So we're starting up tomorrow.
What's testing like,
look,
look like these days or is it,
is it changed completely?
It's gotta be intense with Rod the bod.
Well,
dude,
it was Carolina was where Justin Williams fucking tours Achilles one year
testing.
They gassed it.
That was like 10 years ago,
I think,
but I don't know what's going on now.
Yeah,
we,
um,
it's not,
it's, it's tough. We do a, uh, assault bike, which is like, years ago, I think, but I don't know what's going on now. Yeah, we  it's not  it's tough.
We do a salt bike, which is like  we do  that's pretty tough.
Most guys will pass that.
But the cool thing is Rod does it with us.
So  or he doesn't do it with us, but he does it before us.
And if he makes sure he passes and then everyone else is kind of set to that standard, like you better pass.
If this 51 year old and 52 year old coach is passing, you better pass at 27.
I didn't pass, though, and he did.
I'd be like, somebody drug test this guy.
I mean, look at him.
It's enough.
It's enough fraud.
He is a specimen.
Is he in there pumping weights when you show up like like, 8 a.m., 8.30?
Or is he after practice?
Like, what's his routine like?
I think he does it before we get there.
We saw him a little bit in his last few weeks.
He was working out a little bit when we were there.
But it's either before we get there, and he might do two a days.
I'm not sure.
He does it before practice, and I think he maybe does it like before
the game so like two o'clock before everyone shows up for the for the game might get an extra
little workout in what was it like when you end up getting traded over there I mean you had a
pretty good setup in New York obviously you befriended so many of the guys in the team and
you had a great role going on there even offensively and then you switched over and all of a sudden
it's just like you know the pandemic hits, what was that transition like coming over from New York?
Yeah, it was  at first it was tough.
I mean, I feel like every player, when you start off in the league,
you kind of think you're going to be with this team forever.
That was, you know, everyone's mindset.
And I loved it in New York.
I mean, I love the city.
I think I met so many great people there.
But coming down here, it's more laid back it's everything is just so much easier to get around I mean going to the
rink is 10 minutes instead of 45 minutes to to the practice rink and in white planes in New York so
in that sense it was uh it was good to get down here. It made everything a lot easier.
The team made it really easy for me to join it, like, gel and get acquainted with the guys.
The leadership's unbelievable.
Willie was here when I first got here, Giorno, Jordan Stahl, and even the young guys. I mean, usually you get these  sometimes the young guys kind of are a little clicky
and hang out with each other, like they're fellow guys from their country.
The young guys we have here like Svechnikov and Aho and Neches,
all these guys are so good hanging out with the group,
and they're so involved and buying into the system.
It's just a really, really good organization that, you know, everyone
all everyone wants to do here is win.
So I've been absolutely loving it down here. But, like, more for you personally, like I know you had more of an offense really really good organization that you know everyone all everyone wants to do here is win so
I've been absolutely loving it down here like more for you personally like I know you had more of an
offensive role in New York no no it's okay like was it hard to come over and all of a sudden like
things are a little bit different where maybe you're not seeing that power play time and maybe
you're relied upon a little bit more defensively yeah Yeah, I think, you know, honestly, I didn't play power play in college at all.
So when I got to New York, I actually started in Hartford.
After my college years, I went to Hartford, and I played power play,
penalty kill, all these situations, which was a ton of fun.
And then I went to New York and was on the power play and had some success.
And then, yeah, we brought some other guys in
that they, you know, thought could do better.
And I just tried to buy into the role of playing defense
and penalty killing and then coming down here.
Yeah, with Dougie and all these guys,
it's just I've embraced the role of playing defensively.
I think I still have that offensive ability in my game.
But whatever it takes like whatever it takes for
this team to win I will definitely buy in and do that well that was my one follow-up with with
Dougie leaving and I'm sure that you were happy when you got protected because it took the guessing
game out of it with Seattle have has has Rod Rob Brindamore talked to you about maybe taking on a
bigger offensive role coming up this season I haven't talked to him about it yet.
I'm honestly just going to go into camp and work my ass off and just try to prove that I can play that game.
If not, if it doesn't happen, I'll stick to pilling killing,
and I can definitely do that.
So, yeah, it's funny that when you brought up the protection thing,
I thought about it.
It was actually during my bachelor party.
Oh, Jesus.
Yeah, I remember Hazy told me he was going out for that.
Yeah, so Kev was there.
Jimmy Vesey was there.
And all my high school buddies and college buddies were there.
And I texted my agent, like, right before the list got announced,
like, any word if I'm protected or not.
And he said I'm protected.
And the party went up from there
the canes had a busy off season as well i mean anytime there's an office sheet in the league
everybody sits up and take takes notice i'm guessing you did as well yeah no it doesn't
happen often um i've been skating with we've been yes barry's been here for a while now, for a couple weeks, and he's good, man.
He's a really good player, super skilled.
He's bigger than I thought.
I didn't know he was  he's like 6'2", maybe, 6'3", I'm not sure,
and he's pretty filled out.
So we're happy to have him, and, yeah, it was  it wasn't
I mean, it was a little bit of a shock, but, you know, we're happy we got him.
I mean, it's a nice add.
Plus, you didn't lose anybody off the current roster too,
so it's almost like he falls out of the tree.
Yeah, no, exactly.
Exactly.
He's going to help us for sure.
Did you have a chuckle about the pettiness of your owner
going through all that social media stuff with the 20 signing bonus
and all that nonsense?
Yeah, I thought it was funny. I thought it was good. I think the Canes,
the Canes do a really good job of, um, their,
their marketing team does a really good job of, uh,
getting our name out there. And, um, I mean, it's a really,
if people don't follow us on Twitter, I think they should. It's a good,
it's a good follow.
Yeah. They get in the mix. That's what's cool.
It's like they're not really afraid to chirp other teams and stuff and it's only happening more and more whereas they
were kind of one of the early ones in terms of really chirping other teams and other other
players even yeah i i was shocked when i first got traded here from new york and new york is
obviously first class everything is just so professional and they come down here and
they're chirping our teams on twitter and it's just i love it i think it's great leaving leaners on the other the away teams at the
hotels yeah exactly were you uh were you shocked when you got traded i know you asked your agent
about the protection for seattle like had you heard rumblings or was it kind of out of nowhere when you did get the news?
Um, I, I wasn't expecting it until, you know, a week before I saw my name pop up on the trade bait list and then I, I was like, Oh gosh, what is this about? You're like, wait, what?
Yeah. Um, the top 10 list I want to be on. Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, is that my name?
I think I started, like, like i i was a week before
the trade deadline i was like that i jumped i wasn't on it then suddenly i was on like i was
like 48 and then the week later like 20 i don't make up numbers but i went higher and higher and
then i don't know what i officially got to but once uh cried cried just the big free agent that year uh at the trade deadline and once he
signed i kind of felt like i saw the writing on the wall that i might be gone so um and another
funny thing i think the trade that my ends at three and we're sitting there at a coffee shop
in in new york and it was like 3 15 320 and i was like oh maybe i'm okay sure enough no call from
the agent i was like oh never mind oh i heard a rumor that you found out on social media on twitter
so that's not true then no that's a lie i did find out i looked at social media and saw like
some rumblings like brady shade to the canes and then literally like my phone rang probably 30 seconds after that
and speaking of weirdest feeling huh like a pit in your stomach even though carolina like great
spot to play good young team but it's just like so bizarre that first time yeah definitely no it's
just it was just a weird feeling and um yeah you just you think like i said you think you're gonna
be in one spot your whole career,
and then suddenly it's gone.
It's a weird feeling.
But I think the nice thing about that is I was  I think we had a game the next day.
So it was like just pack up a bag for a couple weeks, go down Carolina.
It just happened so fast, which helped a lot.
There was no time to kind of sit back and think about it um you started playing hockey again which was good but yeah it is a weird
feeling right away I actually went and uh stalked your Twitter account and in 2017 you tagged Harry
Stiles and congratulated him on his role in Dunkirk are you like a massive Harry Styles fan or what? And were you aware that he stole Ray's best friend's wife, Ted Lasso?
No way.
Oh, I did know that.
Olivia Wilde, right?
Yeah, so we got some bad blood here, R.A.
I got your back.
Yeah.
I was actually a big One Direction fan in college.
I liked One Direction.
Okay.
I'm actually a big One Direction fan in college.
I like One Direction.
Okay.
Hard to admit, but me and Mike, yeah, we have some college roommates that  I mean, they actually like their music, so we'd listen to them.
And I don't know why I tweeted that.
I probably should take that one down.
You tagged him, too.
I think you were looking for some clout.
I was fishing for some clout, yeah.
That's the only guy you could
run with an nyc who'd be better looking than you are yeah he had a tough game he's like dude maybe
i'll get a retweet from harry styles yeah yeah exactly you're a big movie buff that's usually
ra's question but are you a big movie guy um yes and no not huge i wouldn't say I have a huge movie buff, but I feel like I've seen all the
classics.
Yeah, classics is
funny, too, because everybody's different generation
is different. Yeah, Biz is like, yeah, Bill
and Ted's Excellent Adventures.
Fucking unreal.
We tweeted out
today from our Chicklets account, they were asking
a couple of the young rangers who Britney Spears
is, and they don't even know who Britney Spears is. i'm like no yeah i mean that's bad they didn't know
her by her name they didn't know that who's this and it was a picture of britney spears and i think
it was her first album cover oh all right and they didn't know who she was maybe though maybe if you
said her name they would but but yeah either way i told then i would defeat the purpose of the whole
game they were playing i I think it was regardless.
They've heard of Brady.
No, I just wanted to chirp you because you chirped me.
Hey, but I'm actually curious to know what you would define as a classic
given that you're a big One Direction fan.
Yeah, right.
I would say Dumb and Dumber is probably my favorite.
I thought it's a classic.
Caddy Shack's up there good
yeah um all right old school yeah yeah if you if you read i don't know if you read it all brady
there's a great book about the making of caddy shack uh probably get a cheap one it's called it's
off i it's called the making a caddy shack i i can pull up the title. It was like your music class every morning at 9 a.m.
Very similar.
Yeah, right.
A lot of tomfoolery going on on the set.
Right, R.A.?
Yeah, lots of tomfoolery going on.
Oh, yeah.
Yes, this is Caddyshack, the making of a Hollywood Cinderella story.
You can get it cheap on Amazon.
But if you do read it.
All right.
I like the hat.
I just noticed it.
Yeah, I figured I'd do a little pandering for the guest every once in a while.
Never hurts.
I love it.
Yeah, you guys rock those jerseys a little bit, huh?
Yeah.
Nonsense.
I haven't worn the green ones yet.
I saw them in the locker room today.
They are so sick.
They're unbelievable.
So good.
Pretty shop look.
And while we're talking about the time in New York, I want to go back to that time.
I think it was the 27-18 season when the team management sent out a letter to fans,
basically buckle up for the next couple of years.
Like, how did that go over in the room with guys?
Did guys feel like kind of thrown under the bus by management?
Yeah, I think, I mean, guys are definitely a little bit walk on eggshells coming into the
room the next day and I was right, right up before the deadline. So, um, yeah, it was,
it was definitely strange. I mean, we kind of saw that we kind of knew it was coming a little bit,
but we didn't expect the letter to come out and all that to make it that public. But,
and all that to make it that public.
But, yeah, I mean, they cleaned house that year, no doubt.
When you first, like, got to meet Panarin,
I know you just played with him, you know, the one year,
but was it just amazing right off the get-go on the ice before the season started?
Like, he seems super friendly.
I've never met him, but it must have been wild
seeing the season he had that year.
He's so good good he's so skilled
um you i literally i don't even think i can count like whenever the puck touches his stick
something good happens like he never never makes a mistake which is crazy and um yeah he's just
and he works his ass off too like he's in the gym all the time he's working on stick handling shooting before practice um just a elite elite skill and elite talent he's a stud and he's always like he's a he's
always smiling too which is great you know sometimes you get the russians that are always a
little crabby and never smile this guy is always smiling he's always in a good mood and he's a
really good guy did he ever almost clip somebody with that high kick he does when he scores?
I always stayed away when he scored.
I knew something might be coming.
So I've got kicked in the face once by Kevin Hayes,
and I don't need that to happen again.
Yeah, you lost some chicklets, right?
I did, yeah.
How'd that go down?
So we were at the garden.
Kev was  I can't remember who he  he was somewhere in Chicago.
My man Hosa, he was defending.
And they were both right in front of me, and Hosa cut and, like,
turned around and hit Kev's leg.
And I was right behind Kevin and his skate came up
and hit me right in the  like the chin.
I lost two teeth, and I think I had, like, chin uh i lost two teeth and i think i had like
40 stitches that's the scar right there yeah right here oh wow that is pretty nasty yeah so
kev never said sorry or didn't buy me dinner or anything he just kind of went and then turned you
into a pats fan yeah you really got kicked in the dick. Hey, I want to know the backstory between all these nicknames.
Like, where did Larry come about?
And then I see this one, Brady Hung.
Now, most of you probably think that it's for a different reason than it actually is.
But that's not the case.
Larry is not me.
I don't know who said that.
We call Vinny LaTerry Larry.
He calls me Brad for some reason.
So I think that might be it.
But that's from Brady Hung.
Where did you get this information from?
We just heard.
Throw check.
You don't tell us.
You're worse than Biz on the ice.
That's not true.
I think I showed up one.
We had a team party and i showed up to a practice and
whenever i when we when i go out my eyes literally like the next morning just like drooped down super
far and guys i walked into the rink and guys like jesus like you hit by a train or something last
night and that's where uh that's where brady hung. So that doesn't happen as much anymore after I got that nickname.
You lived with Hazy at first, right?
You were a 22-year-old rookie living in New York City,
playing for the Rangers.
Life must have been pretty damn good for you at that time.
Not to say it's not now, but at 22, the world's your oyster in that position.
Yeah, it was a lot of fun.
I actually lived with V.C. my first year, our rookie year in New York.
We lived in Battery Park.
And then our second year, me, Kevin.
Kevin was always over at our place.
We were always at his place.
So one night we were like, why don't we just get a spot together?
And we got a place in Tribeca.
It was pretty cool.
Three of us living there.
So it's just a unbelievable city
and yeah like you said at 22 and 23 years old um it was a good time there's no staying in
we tried to so getting into the game of hockey was it your dad like like you just always loved
the game like what was the beginning to you playing and like, like, also kind of curious, most kids in Minnesota,
you dream of playing for the Gophers.
Was that the case for you as well?
Yeah, it was.
So I got  I come from a football family.
My dad was a football coach, football player.
My grandpa played at the U for football.
My uncle did the same.
But my other uncle was actually a skating coach growing up, uh,
the skating coach for the Phoenix coyotes.
And I remember going when I was really young and my cousins like high school
hockey games, I think that's where I kind of fell in love with the game. Um,
so did your dad ever even play?
My dad played college football, um,
in a small school in Minneapolis called Augsburg.
Oh, sorry, hockey?
Yeah.
No, no, no, no.
He played football and basketball.
And so I got into hockey kind of through my uncle, I believe. And then my dad was, like, fully supportive of it.
He always kind of wished he played hockey, I think.
All of his buddies were hockey players.
So it's just kind of the thing to do in Minnesota. Minnesota yeah I was looking at that roster your first year at college you guys had 10 guys
on that team that went on to play at least one game in the NHL most most guys are still even
playing like I mean there's I think there's probably six guys who are still in the league
yeah no it was my freshman year was crazy we were supposed  we were ranked one the whole year. We were supposed to win the national championship
and got bounced in the first round to Yale,
who actually went on to win it that year.
But, yeah, that team going in was crazy.
We had Bukestead, Howell, Nate Schmidt, Mike Riley, myself.
It was a really good team.
Yeah, this team is loaded for college.
Yeah, the funny thing is, though, in my sophomore year,
we lost all those older guys.
They all went to the NHL, and we kind of weren't supposed to do as much
and ended up going to the national championship game against Union.
Ended up losing.
Oh, that was the game when Goss Despair was fucking Bobby Orr.
It was insane.
He put in like seven points or something like that,
or six or seven points.
He was plus seven, I think, with seven points in the title game.
I think you guys were up.
Weren't you guys up a couple goals early?
Yeah, I think we were up one.
I remember watching that.
And I think they might have scored, and we made it two to one again.
And then they scored like three goals in a minute and a half.
So yeah, it was good.
The game before that too was really fun.
I don't know if you guys remember it.
We scored with like 0.6 seconds left to beat North Dakota, Justin Hall.
The first goal of the year around the, we were penalty killing.
Scores 0.6 seconds, seconds left in regulation to win it. That was
one of the biggest goals in Gophers
history. You mean McDavid's
kryptonite? Yeah.
Halsey. He's a stud.
Shut down anybody.
During your junior year, when do you start thinking
you're going to bolt right after the season's done?
It happened pretty quick, but not really we were again we had a good
team here i was honestly just so dialed into i wanted to win the national championship so bad we
had kind of the same team we had my freshman year like a lot of really good players that all came
back um but yeah once the season ended i I so bad remember this stuff, but it happened pretty quick.
I was, I was in Hartford probably within a week or two, probably a week.
I always like to ask guys who played for the Rangers,
like what was your favorite MSG moment?
Of course, like going to play in the most iconic arena,
probably in the world every single game.
But, you know, did you get to meet any celebrities
you would have never got to meet?
Like what was the one thing that stood out that you remember in your mind?
We didn't get to meet as many celebrities.
You see them at every game.
You see them behind the bench all the time.
But we didn't get to meet them as much as  we'd meet them more if we went to a Knicks game.
We'd sit on the floor and kind of like there's some sweets below.
Yeah, you get some splinters on your toes like Comrie.
Yeah, right. some sweets below you get some splinters on your toes like comry yeah right um a favorite moment
though i honestly probably when i went out for the play out for my first playoffs at the garden
and they played that uh they played the bobble o'reilly song with the piano and like the
lights were gone that was pretty that was pretty freaking cool the who yeah oh my goodness that is
yeah that's probably up there with like stranglehold um when you come out in chicago wit
oh that's a jam yeah that's the one that's the one that starts slow right yeah yeah ted nugent
straight mullet, just ripping guitar.
That's actually why Brady or Larry here got into it.
You had a nice play.
Oh, sorry.
Go ahead, Brady.
Go ahead.
I don't know where Larry came from.
I know that Brady hung.
I don't know where he went.
Well, they're going to start calling you in the locker room, Larry, now.
Yeah, you had a nice playoff.
Four goals.
I think you got them all within about a six-game span there.
Were you just failing at that?
Yeah, then you got named to the all-rookie team as well.
Yeah, I was.
I mean, I feel like I was just playing with, I don't know,
a ton of confidence, and I was  it seemed like everything I was shooting
was kind of going in.
You kind of get those streaks, and it happened at a good time.
I obviously wish we would
have went for further that ottawa series i think we ended up we i mean we ended up losing but that
gate that series could have gone either way um which you like still look back on but yeah i was
i was playing brendan smith who i'm actually down who's here now in carolina with me and um
we both uh we just had a pretty a pretty good run in the playoffs.
What do you think about the Ryder Cup this week, dude?
Who's your pick?
I can't wait.
I mean, I think the Americans are going to win it, obviously.
I saw Riggs is going against the Americans.
Yeah, it's unbelievable.
Against Team Europe.
Well, his friend didn't make the team,
so he just doesn't root for the country where he's from.
It's pretty ridiculous.
Nobody likes a bandwagon fan.
Pretty ridiculous scenario, but he says that you're a sheep
if you want the U.S. to win, even if you're American.
I have no idea.
I think he's as mad as Best Buddy didn't make the team.
Kisner?
Yeah, Kisner.
We were talking on this week's episode
this prior week's episode about uh Kepka and DeChambeau where do you stand on these two guys
I feel like you might be a not ruffle feathers guy but like be honest here
I'm definitely not a ruffle feathers guy but um I think uh yeah I mean I just think it's kind of a joke what they're doing.
I mean, like, I think there's some quotes about Brooks not wanting to,
like, or it's not a fun week or something like that.
Like, it's got to be, like, the best week of the year.
They play on a team, like, for once.
And, like, I don't know.
DeChambeau, yeah, he's doing the long drive competition right after.
So who knows? I mean, I honestly hope they play them together the first day.
I'll break that down for the fans.
Squash all the beef.
I'll break it down for the fans with no filter.
Koepka's an arrogant asshole and DeChambeau is a jock sniffer.
Oh, yeah. I don't know. Hopefully they figure it out.
I feel like there's something this year with the pga tour about getting like on social media or something
oh yeah so that's what the tour they came out with this like player incentive program like
they're calling it the pip where i think they're giving five guys 10 million each as to who does
the most good for the game through social media i don't necessarily think it's good for the game
but basically like who gets the most eyes on,
on,
on the game of golf.
Now,
I think that was the beginning in Koepka in terms of like all the shit he's
done.
D Shambo is just a weird prick.
So I got no idea what's going on in his mind,
but there's definitely guys who are doing things that look,
I think,
I think Max Homer should be one of them.
Cause he's just funny.
He is one of them.
I don't know,
man.
People say that
like he won't be it'll actually be like phil and like speed and guys who are like bigger i don't
know how it's gonna come down come down to work but i'm fired up for the rider cup it is definitely
my favorite sporting event to watch i'd say 100 i agree um yeah when i first i thought it was
definitely at the start was that pip thing,
and then I feel like they've just taken it way too far now.
But who knows?
You seem like a pretty non-controversial guy.
Is that why you're such a shitty two-touch player?
You want the other guys to win and you don't want to
Does he suck at two-touch?
Oh, apparently he's the worst two-touch player.
Absolute liability.
Out first guy every time.
Just fucking
That's not true. I'm not  i'm not true great i'm not i'm not
the best but i'm not the worst either i sit right in the middle um i have my good days and some bad
days okay larry in in new york we had a football out there actually too and i i when you ever got
out you wouldn't play catch with the football. And I seem to be playing football quite a bit in New York.
My game's gotten better in Carolina.
Oh, Biz, this is the New York guys who told us this.
That's basically him saying, no, I'm much better now.
That's why I got dealt.
That's why I heard you got dealt.
Bad two-touch player.
Last year in the playoffs, you guys lost to the eventual cup winner,
Tampa Bay Lightning.
The series before that versus Nashville, absolutely insane insane series you guys go up to nothing the next two games they win double
overtime both games back to back then you win the next two in ot have you played a series like that
four straight games in ot with so much in the line no that was the first time um and like that
was what i was going to say like pnNC arena, the arena we played out,
we, that was the first time it was fully capacity and I've never heard a louder rink.
Honestly, I've never been in a louder rink in my life.
Like everything is the, the roofs like metal.
So everything just bounces.
The sound bounces right off it.
It's so loud in there.
Um, yeah, those, those games we were playing, i don't know what it was but me and
pash looked at each other after game four and we're like holy cow like i feel like we've played
eight games already it was so much ice time and um obviously we went on a little longer than we
wanted to but we got the job done but yeah there was the overtime games were crazy and nashville
was loud too that's
they're both that series is really fun because the arenas are both fully packed yeah looking
at 27 43 in game two which was regulation then 37 59 39 02 in those double ot games but I just
want to ask how good is Yushi Saros I feel like a lot of people don't know how good this guy is
yeah he's really good he's small small, too, which is crazy.
I think he's going to be so quick.
He played really well for them that series.
Are we getting the storm surge again this year or what?
Yeah, what was your first storm surge?
You were probably ripping on it before you got there.
It made him get dunked on by somebody on a fucking plastic basketball hoop
they brought out.
Funny thing is, I got traded here.
Me and Troch got traded here and we lost the first like four games in a row.
So we never got the chance to do this.
So fans hated your guts.
Exactly.
Me and Troch were like, geez, we ruined this team.
But I haven't done an official storm surge yet.
Last year we did a stick salute to all like doctors nurses first responders
um every game which was which is really good but we'll see i'm not sure exactly if we're doing i
got one for you i got one for you you bring out you bring out a chair and you go back to that 9
a.m class in the morning you light one up you cross your legs and you serenade the lady in the
crowd what if god was one of us right wit going back to last pod do you
hear about uh do you hear what the guy who went and got wit gas no i did not tell me if you listen
to us one favor you would sing that song to the entire crowd after your first win as a carolina
hurricane that would be a hell of a surge that would definitely make sports i don't know that espn's got hockey again they'd be like look at this guy singing oh my god jersey off since
you're being so modest what can you play on the guitar like what are the what are your go-tos
um i feel like i can play the start of like five songs i can't play all the way through um i can play free falling by john mayor
the start of that one uh iris by the goo goo dolls i was learning crashing to me by dave matthews so
i kind of stick to those ones gonna be ready for a fraternity basement any day now
yeah yeah right so there's no chance that we get a little send-off for our fans you busting out
the guitar just the start of a song nothing there's no actually my guitar is not even here
right now it's in minnesota all right wait i just figured i tried to tom green did it just saying
does john maya sing a song called free falling separately from petty or does he do a version of
it he does a version of it yeah he does like version of it. Yeah, he does like his own little version.
Oh, okay.
All right.
I thought I heard that, but I don't listen to John Mayer,
so I don't know if he had a song that he sang as well called Free Falling.
He's got to stand up for my boy, Petty.
He's not around anymore.
Brady Mayer.
Well, buddy, best of luck this season.
I mean, you guys got a solid squad.
Going to be dangerous in that division again. Best of luck, and thank I mean, you guys got a solid squad. Going to be dangerous in that division again.
Best of luck, and thank you so much for coming on
and work on that golf game because at some point we will.
Yeah, we need him for a sandbag of us.
Who would your partner be?
Those videos you guys do are so good.
I watch every one of them.
Kev already did one, didn't he?
Kev did one.
Yeah, Kev did one with Keith Yano.
Yeah, we fucking bent them
over all i did was complain about how hungry they were wit hopped on my back and i won another 23rd
i actually taught i i saw that i actually talked to kev after that rounds and he was like dude we
played like because you went you had extra holes right we wouldn't get six extra holes six extra
holes and there's food like there's no food on the corset? No, we wouldn't allow them to eat. They'd never let us forget it.
Or Grinnelli.
We had a smorgasbord for breakfast and we wouldn't allow them to eat.
It's like we were getting ready to fucking hibernate.
We just crumpled a bunch of food and wouldn't allow those guys to eat.
Does Red Bulls count, guys?
You can have a Red Bull sugar-free.
That's so good.
We'll set something up, though, Brady.
We appreciate it.
Yeah, let's do it. Let's do it. All right, buddy. Have a great year, Brady. We appreciate it. Yeah, let's do it.
Have a great year, man. We're looking forward to watching
the Canes go. Get William's kit.
We'll do it on the simulator. There we go.
There we go. Let's do that. All right, guys.
Thanks again. Appreciate it, man. Thanks, Brady.
Have a great year, pal. Take care.
Thank you.
Big thanks to Brady Shea for joining us.
Great chat with him. Great kid.
Enjoyed chat with him. So we want to let you know that that interview was also brought to you by
Sport Clips.
Got a cowlick, a patchy beard, finally want to grow out that mullet,
or maybe you just need a style that works every day.
But if you need, go to Sport Clips Haircuts.
This isn't your grandma's hair place.
Sport Clips stylists are experts in men's hair. Cutting men's hair can be harder than a grandma's hair place sport clips stylists are experts in men's hair cutting men's
hair can be harder than women's hair and sport clips stylists are specifically trained to cut
men's hair they know the tips and tricks for making sure guys get the best cut to suit their
facial shape hair texture and lifestyle remember you can go to grandma's for the holidays But not when she cuts hair
You want to go to sport clips for that
The pros in men's hair
Alright boys
Last few topics here
Boston the big story I guess of the day
Bob Neumeier
A.K.A. Neumeier
He died at 70 years old from heart failure
He was an institution if you're a
boston kid he was on wbz tv covering sports he was the bruins radio guy he actually did the
way back in the day um and he was a fantastic horse handicapper on nbc as well wait i'm guessing
you grew up at noomi as well too right uh yeah i remember him i think he announced some college
hockey games
possibly that too he did a frozen foot too yep yeah so um yeah that was brutal news to see i
remember i mean this growing up was before like the internet and cell phones and twitter it was
like you watch the local news he was always on us yeah i feel bad for his family brutal did they say
how he passed away no he had heart failure. He had had some heart
problems the last few years. So yeah,
it got come over. I think it was Sunday
after it already happened. So yeah, Bob
Numbi, one of those guys. It's funny too. Like I wrote
the blog. It used to be a generation
where you grew up and everybody knew the
local news anchors with like the
two anchors, the weather guy,
the news person, the sports guy.
Now it's like nobody knows that stuff anymore.
It's almost like a relic because young kids just don't watch the news
like they used to.
But either way, we are very sorry to hear that Bob Neumeier passed away.
He was an icon here in New England with sports, Patriots, Bruins,
Whalers, all kinds of teams he was involved with.
So let's move right along here.
Whit, what were you watching Sunday night?
I know the football was on, but you had succession.
Yeah, first episode of succession.
I missed the curb.
I'll watch that after later on.
But I think I was exhausted at the end of succession.
This show is so good.
I forgot.
I mean, I had rewatched the last episode of season two.
Not going to give anything away, but one of the top shows on TV right now.
I haven't seen a lot of them.
I haven't seen Ted Lasso, but I'd argue this is right there near the top.
So it's pretty exciting.
And I wonder how accurate it is for the family of like a billionaire and like this media monster.
I don't really know how to describe the guy, Logan Roy. A mogul. Yeah, just
check it out. I've
enjoyed it. First episode, I thought, set up a lot.
Biz, have you watched
Succession? Where are you on Succession, Biz?
So, no, but I was talking to my buddy,
Jeff Jacobson, about it because
it kind of played into the fact that
in Canada right now,
the Rogers family, who
own basically Canada, now, the Rogers family, who like own like basically
Canada. They own like the
cell phone towers. They own SportsNet.
The father
passed away and now the son
has appointed himself as like CEO
or one of the main guys.
And the daughter went
to Twitter and just started ripping the
brother and saying this would be like
himself appointing himself
like the king of England.
That sounds like a succession fucking
plot line. But the father
must have left to him, right?
Is there a story that he like
finagled something?
I don't know the massive
extent of it, but I know that
when the daughter of
the guy who founded it all tweeted it it went
viral and now it's a it's a big conversation going on at the fact that because it's just
there's been questions about how it's being ran i don't need to get into the political aspect of it
but i just thought it was funny that you guys brought up the show and it kind of transitions
into like a real life situation that's at least happening in canada so i know i know we
have a decent amount of listeners and i'm sure that some of them are aware of what's going on
up there north of the border but jeff did say that this show is excellent i need to catch up
on season one i'll probably start it tonight on is it on netflix no god damn it it's an hbo show
okay hbo's got a lot of great shows man man. Awesome. HBO has been the pinnacle
of quality programming for a long time.
I know you don't watch Insecure,
do you? It's going to the last season
as well, about the black
chicks dating in L.A.
No. Yeah, I've been watching
it for the last few years. Great show. It's just
a show that I wouldn't think I
would have any interest in, but it's
such a well-written, well-done show.
And also,
um,
the fuck was it?
Oh,
yeah.
Curb,
curb your enthusiasm.
Now I know it did what?
Seven,
eight years.
Then it came back for two.
Have,
have you watched curb every episode since come back?
You think it's been at the same standard?
Uh,
no,
I still think it's really funny.
I,
I might also just be biased that like eight,
nine years ago, some of those episodes are just so good that it's really funny. I might also just be biased that like eight, nine years ago,
some of those episodes are just so good that it's maybe I'm not being fair,
but I certainly like the older ones a little bit better.
I still love the new ones.
I'm a big Larry David fan, big fan of the show,
but I think maybe now it's probably a little, a little worse,
but I still like it a lot.
I want to see what, I mean,
did you watch the first episode of this season? You don't like it? No, i want to see what i mean did you watch the first
episode of this season you don't like it no i it's funny i actually did watch it i thought it
was very funny but when they came back after that long lull i didn't think that the show is the same
i mean i think it's tough to leave and then come back and we saw the same thing with arrested
development remember they did like yeah you get a little bit of uh yeah you kind of get out of that
rhythm yeah and it's tough you're bringing people yeah, you kind of get out of that rhythm. Yeah, and it's tough.
You're bringing people back, and you're trying to write in the same rhythm.
The wife, Larry David's wife, though, in it.
Oh, my gosh.
Cheryl?
Well, then it was Jeff Gollin's wife, Susie.
She's fucking hilarious.
The foul-mouthed one.
Yeah, so I actually  I watched  I was on the plane to Atlanta the other day,
and they had it as one of the options.
I forget what season it was, but it was when he starts practicing to Atlanta the other day, and they had it as one of the options. I forget what season it was,
but it was when he starts practicing to be in that play,
and then he goes to Ben Stiller's birthday,
and he's like, oh, yeah, don't bring a gift.
And he doesn't bring a gift.
And then the best part of the show is when he tells the blind guy
that his girl is, like, disgusting,
and then he has to do all the chores for him because because he gassed his girl it was
like so like some of the shit that is happening that is just next level so he's uh yeah larry
david one of the most um probably one of the most iconic men as far as tv's concerned i mean
with seinfeld and then easily easily i would I would say Dave said that if there was,
there would only be three people on the planet that he would drop plans for.
And he's, and Larry David's one of them.
Really?
Yeah.
Yeah.
He's obsessed with them.
And Teddy, Teddy Purcell was at a wedding with him.
Did we talk to him?
He was chatting them up.
Oh yeah.
They were like playing tummy sticks the entire,
he said he was like covering his head because it was bald and it was
getting beat in the sunlight.
And he just said he was basically the exact same person as he is in the
show.
So we can we can move on.
We did talk about Wayne Gretzky earlier.
I don't know if you guys watch CBS Sunday morning.
It's like the most soothing new show in the history of the world.
Like you get up at nine o'clock in the morning, CBS comes on and it's just like a very pleasant news show and they did
a very wonderful segment on pal wayne gretzky his co-worker just very nice they went i'm assuming
it was gaza they said it was a resort in idaho and they went up to uh gaza and just taped a very
nice segment he's just such a nice polite guy guy. But this was done for generic America.
It wasn't for a hockey audience.
I don't know if you've seen it.
And if you don't watch CBS Sunday Morning, man,
maybe because I'm getting older,
but it's such an awesome show.
It's a new show that's done at a low speed,
so it's not in your face.
It's kind of like at a two, I guess you'd say, biz.
Okay.
That's about my speed.
There you go.
All right, boys.
I think that just about wraps it up.
A little longer than we planned on, but that's what Chicklets is all about.
G, great job on the Danbury Trashers merchandise.
This stuff has been all over the internet.
Kudos to you and AJ for getting it done.
Yeah, I mean, I didn't really do anything.
You slap that logo on anything and people are going to buy it.
The trashers are hot in the street right now.
I think this will be our best-selling merch ever, so buy it.
It's both available for Americans and Canadians.
Store it at barstoolsports.com.
Okay, wait.
So I had Canadians messaging me saying that they could only access a T-shirt.
Now, are there sweaters and maybe hats and jerseys down the road that are
going to be available oh yeah so right now canadians can buy t-shirts and they can buy
crewnecks the crewnecks are exclusive in canada we're getting the sweatshirts up to canada it
just takes a little longer with all the shipping stuff that's going on in la right now but we will
have it all exclusive in canada and in america so we're we're pumped about that and shout out to
the galantes jimmy galante signing off on this thing.
That guy's a legend.
There you go.
Absolutely.
I've got to sign off on that one.
I don't want to leave that a blanket on the floor.
Yeah, yeah.
All right, everybody.
Listen, great episode.
Hope you had fun.
And we'll be back next week with the latest.
Hit and check.
Peace.
As always, we'd like to thank our terrific sponsors here on Spittin' Chicka. So a huge
thanks to our friends over at Pink Whitney
and New Amsterdam Vodka.
Gigantic thanks to all our good friends over at Blue Nile. Huge thanks to friends over at Pink Whitney and New Amsterdam Vodka. Gigantic thanks to all our good friends
over at Blue Nile.
Huge thanks to everybody over at Cross
Country Bargains for everything you do.
Big giant thanks to everybody
at OCB Raw and Papers for
taking care of us. Huge
thanks to everybody over at Sling TV
for making our TV experience
that much better. And a huge thanks
to everybody at Sport Clips.
Check them out, fellas, if you need a haircut.
Take care, everybody. Have a good week.
