Hey, Spittin' Chicklets listeners, you can find every episode on Apple Podcasts,
Spotify, or YouTube. Prime members can listen ad-free on Amazon Music.
Hello, everybody.
Welcome to episode 359 of Spittin' Chicklets, presented by Pink Whitney.
From our friends at New Amsterdam Vodka and the Barstool Sports Podcast family,
what's going on, everybody?
Coming to you live from the Omniparker Hotel in downtown Boston.
We just finished up a very active weekend in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. Me, Whit, Biz, Grinelli, our boy Sean, the cameraman. And here we are in Boston. We just finished up a very active weekend in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.
Me, Whit, Biz, Grinelli, our boy Sean, the cameraman.
And here we are in Boston.
Awesome time.
The Warrior Classic with those guys done.
Sponsored by USA Hockey and, of course, our friends at Pink Whitney. And we've got to congratulate Philadelphia.
Clean sweep.
Clean sweep.
All three trophies.
Philadelphia won all three.
That doesn't sound shady.
No.
In their home barn.
Yeah. And Gritty was there just fucking cutting laces.
Seriously, yeah, that's right, too.
Good call.
Gritty was probably sabotaging shit.
So anyways, boys, we went by Friday.
I caught the 445 game versus Colorado.
Man, that was some vicious stuff.
I don't know if it's because they got the Flyers logo on.
They feel like they got to find the inner dirtiness or whatever.
But that was a very intense game. And we had a nice reception with all the boys after.
I knew you guys wanted to talk about how special and how much of an honor it was for us to be there with those guys.
Well, we've got to hand it over to Wick because he's going to give the whole breakdown as to what this was,
why it's happening, and the experience that we shared.
And it was amazing.
Yeah, by far and away for me, probably,
I don't think fulfilling's the right word,
but the best feeling leaving an event we've ever had.
And so shout out Brad Marsh, by the way,
who we interviewed while we were in Philly,
former Philadelphia Flyer, played a long time in the NHL, and he ended up helping to begin this program in Philly,
and it's the Philly Warriors.
And these guys are all disabled veterans.
These guys have served our country and laid it all on the line
and done what so many people aren't willing to do.
And when they come home, these guys, it's hard, right?
And a lot of these, we met a guy missing his hand.
We met a guy with a lot of physical injuries.
But in the end, it's about some things up top that a lot of these guys are battling.
And when they're able to get together and you talk to these people and listening to their stories, it's about some things up top that a lot of these guys are battling and when they're able
to get together and you talk to these people and like listening to their stories it's so amazing
and getting in the locker room which is what we talk about missing the most in the game now
and what we talk about our favorite memories are in the locker room that's what these guys get to
experience and it's with people who've been through and are going through what they're
currently feeling and so like to meet the guys and and I've got to tell a quick story,
and this is kind of heavy for the beginning of this podcast,
but I'm going to tell you, I'll never forget the story I was told.
And I can't say the guy's name, but the Pittsburgh goalie,
it goes back to him.
And the story is that he was struggling,
and he sent a text to a buddy of his who had also served.
And the text made it look like he was definitely not feeling well and not in a good place mentally.
And luckily his buddy called the police.
And the police ended up going over and knocking this guy's door down when he didn't answer and saving his life.
He was actually in the process of trying to hang himself.
And I know this is early in this podcast but i'm hearing this
and the cops they cut him down they saved his life and on friday night he had a shutout for the
pittsburgh team and you hear that and and to understand and try to think of what this guy's
been through and where he's at now and how happy he is and how much his life has changed it made
this entire tournament and program and meeting teams from
Colorado, Michigan. I got all these
contacts, great people that have just
laid it all on the line and we
got to experience it and they're telling us
thank you, thank you for the show. I get out
of my face right now saying thank you.
So I
said right away, Biz,
we have to get involved with this more.
I think we're going to. It's the beginning of the road for us to get involved in this warrior program.
But just an amazing weekend that I'll never forget.
Yeah, they said I think the stat was 21 veterans a day commit suicide.
And what was impactful was just hearing everybody's not only different stories
but about how these types of programs impact their community.
And I asked actually one of the guys from vegas and i said uh you know what do you think of the tuck trade
and he's like oh it's devastating to us because he would actually take time during the season to go
skate with the veterans so the the connection that they would make on a local level was so much
better than like let's say you know maybe getting a better star player that that's kind of where their fandom was and based on those reasons so i actually and i'll
throw it over to it but i was like oh okay well hopefully we can mention to eichel or whoever
to order in order to keep that going and hopefully at some point every single organization in the nhl
will have a warriors program to where this can continue and keep
growing. That's what I wanted to mention. And it's right now, the Flyers and the Blues are
really the only two that these NHL teams are helping. And one of the shocking things for me
was that Vegas has reached out a bunch of times to the Golden Knights and their owner, Bill Foley,
he's a West Point grad. And honest to God, who knows if it's even gotten to his desk.
But in the end, they haven't given any money.
And Mike McKenna's out there.
We've interviewed him.
He's the Vegas, he does the intermissions,
he lives in St. Louis.
He coaches one of the teams, and he loves it.
And he had all these great stories about these guys
that mean the world to him.
And he said, I just don't, there's no better group to try to help.
Who else would you rather help than these guys?
And so for every NHL team
to look to get involved in what Boston
and what the Bruins could do, these guys don't need much
by the way. They need ice time.
It's a pittance for what these teams need.
So St. Louis, I think they helped.
One more thing, I don't want to forget about Philly.
They're so in deep
and they're so really beginning this,
hopefully what turns into an avalanche of support from NHL clubs.
They give the guys can go to school, they can go to college for free,
and they can get mental health if they need it for free.
So talk about setting up and helping out guys who, like I've said before,
mean the world to us as a podcast.
I just was very excited to be there and I hope other NHL
teams get involved. Sorry to interrupt. No, no, no. I was just going to hop in and say like St.
Louis, the NHL club ended up helping them out with their flights so they could fly to an experience
like this and get the bonding time. So I think each player was only responsible for paying a
hundred bucks for their travel to get here. And then there's other contributions from other areas
that they get in order to kind of do these things. i don't know what it is for each and every team i know
philadelphia's got this well-oiled machine running to where they're able to do the maximum
but it'd be cool if the resources were provided as whit mentioned in order to expand this to
every single nhl club hey this this dude he made me call him big Head. I'm like, dude, but he's got a big old dome on him.
He came up, and we're doing a raffle, and he won the raffle.
He chugged an entire bottle of Pink Whitney, or maybe half a bottle is left,
and he just kept chugging.
I'm like, oh, my God.
Sure as shit, his teammate comes out.
I'm not kidding.
Two minutes later, he's like, look at my boy right now, Big Head.
He's just puking it all up in the bathtub.
Yeah, drink responsibly.
He was phenomenal.
So what was the other thing about St. Louis I had to mention?
Oh, Big Head, he was the guy who was like Hurt Locker,
taking apart bombs over there.
So it's like you just imagine what they've been through.
No, it was, like I said, it was an honor to be there.
I want to mention all the places that were there
because they had the Tier 1, Tier 2, Tier 3.
Yeah, there was a bunch of them.
I think six different levels.
I made sure to reach out to Richie, Devin Richie, the Philadelphia firefighter.
We became friendly about a couple of years ago.
We've stayed pals over the years.
So I just want to give a shout out to especially the teams that let me know.
We only said Philadelphia on the previous show.
So thanks to everybody from Colorado, St. Louis, Buffalo, North Carolina, Florida, Michigan, Pittsburgh, Minnesota,
the Veterans Hockey United, who we met in Detroit, Motor City, Oklahoma, D.C., Dallas,
the Vegas Veterans, and Kansas City as well.
So thanks to you guys for having us, Dale.
Again, it was an honor for us to be there for you guys, and anything we could ever do
for you guys, just reach out.
I don't know if you have any final words you wanted to add, boys.
And, of course, the last night we were there,
we did the live watch for the Capitals-Fires game at Tradesman's.
Awesome turnout.
Oh, I forgot to tell you, Tradesman.
This kid comes up to me.
He's like, hey, he told me not to say the team, so I won't say UPenn,
but it might be a team around there.
He plays on the club team.
I meant to tell Grinelli this.
Dude, they got eight guys, all 30 years old, in business school, medical school,
that all had one year of eligibility left for like the ACHA.
What is it, G?
A-H?
ACHA.
ACHA.
So the club hockey, like, they are running over teams.
These 30-year-old guys are living it up like old school,
just crushing these college students.
I'm like, he's like, yeah, don't mention the team.
So, yeah, you, Penn, good luck.
Oh, yeah, nobody's going to be able to figure that out.
They're probably back in.
I couldn't believe it.
I go, there's eight of you?
He's like, oh, yeah, we just made the team easily,
and we're just patting our stats.
Same frat house, the whole kit and caboodle.
Yeah, right back to old school.
Right on campus.
Thanks to everybody who came out Saturday night.
Awesome crowd.
Packed as usual.
Huge thanks to the support.
Oh, yeah.
So I think one of the Philly scumbag fans got me.
One of the pictures I was grabbing, I remember the guy's face.
Great guy.
Big fella in a Flyers jersey, the bright orange one.
And as soon as we line up to take the picture, I feel him kind of grab my ass.
But for not long enough to where I wanted to, like, call him out on it.
And, you know, maybe it was just an accident.
But it did seem like an extended grip.
I didn't say anything.
Squeeze your cheek?
It was like a half squeeze, and it was not far from my taint. It was an
HR violation, let's say. So I kind
of like, I noticed it when we were
taking the picture, but whatever, we're finished.
I shake his hand. Hey, thanks for coming. You know, I would
never think he had a very happy
look on his face. Not like he was coming
with ill intent. So fast forward
a couple hours, I'm eating
this meal in Witt's room because
we ordered for after the bar.
And I'm like sticking to the chair in the room and there's gum all over my ass in that area that that fan had coddled.
And I might be overthinking it.
This might have just been an accident.
But I'll tell you, anytime I go to sit down anywhere in public, I'm usually looking at the seat and making sure there's nothing on it.
That's just something I do.
So I think that this Philly fan, and we got some game tape from there.
Sean was buzzing around.
If he stuck gum on your asshole, that's one of the scummiest,
filliest moves I've ever heard of.
And people probably think I'm making this up, but you saw my reaction.
I didn't mention anything in the room when we were mucking our food.
No, you were like, I must have sat on gum.
I was processing it all. You were rattled. And then I was like, that ass grab was in that exact area, on our food because no you know you were like i must have sat on gum but you were confused you
were rattled and then i was like that ass grab was in that exact area and that's just too big
of a coincidence for me that we're in scumbag philly territory and i get the and i get the
gum on my hoop you were so out to lunch i like took some of your pasta and ate it you didn't
even realize it because you were flipping i don't know maybe somebody will have the balls to say
something online that they got me
with the old song gum trick.
And if not,
we'll go to the game tape.
Well,
you just mentioned eating guys.
Uh,
we had a,
a little meal Thursday night.
I think the first night we got in town,
we hit that little neighborhood bar and I ordered the steak freaks,
you know,
a steak with the fries.
I think that's what they call it.
And I think if a menu,
I think if a steak is going to have either Rosemary or a time as part of
the season,
they have to put that in the fucking menu. because that's like Christmas trees in your fucking beef.
I said it to you.
Yeah, you did.
I don't know what they are.
I'm sure I would recognize the taste, but I don't know exactly what you're saying.
Are you sure it wasn't on the menu?
Yeah, because I went back and looked after.
I said it too.
Because that would have been really funny.
Because if I see rosemary all the time around my beef,
and again, I know people like it,
but it's like, man, you've got to tell someone
because it's such an overpowering fucking...
I'm interested to see what the feedback from our listeners is about the time.
Well, spikes, whatever the hell they call it,
but it's like a legit Christmas tree flavor.
Okay.
It's a pine.
Speaking of time,
we probably shouldn't spend any more time on this subject,
and we should talk more.
I love it.
You're right.
I love you over there. All right. Hey, well, that event was sponsored by Pink Whitney, and we should talk about it. I love it. You're right. I love you over there.
All right.
Hey, well, that event was sponsored by Pink Whitney,
and everybody celebrated with it.
And you can, too, by heading over to your local bar
and making sure you order some Pink Whitney.
It's the perfect shot for you and your friends,
especially now that the NHL season is in full swing.
All right, boys.
Well, after months of waiting,
Jack Eichel has finally been traded,
and Vegas is where he ends up.
Vegas will allow him to get the artificial disc replacement surgery that he wanted.
He got a nice little Vegas welcome from Chance the Healer Monster,
a bunch of drummers and some cheerleaders.
I don't know if you saw that online.
He was a good sport about that.
He had no clue, I don't think.
Yeah.
Oh, really?
I don't know.
It looked like he's like, oh, boy.
Looked a little overwhelmed.
They must have told him, though, right?
You're saying? I would have thought so.
But even when you're expecting cheerleaders
and drummers and a fucking helo monster,
it's probably a little overwhelming.
I would think so. I wouldn't want that.
Well, anyways, going to Buffalo
is Alex Tuck, Peyton Krebs,
a future first-round pick, a future
second-round pick.
Vegas also gets a future third-round pick with Jack.
I'll give you the gritty details here, no pun intended.
If Vegas' first-round pick in 22 is not a top-ten selection,
the Sabres will get a 22 first-rounder and a 23 second-rounder,
with Vegas getting the 23 third-rounder.
I know it's confusing.
And if the Vegas first-round pick in 22 is a top 10 selection,
Buffalo will get their 23rd first rounder,
24th second rounder, and the Knights
get a 24th third rounder.
Buffalo, this is a key... I didn't understand one thing.
I didn't even... I still...
I read it and I'm still basically like
it's top 10 protected. I probably should have just
fucking said that. But I don't know.
For the nerds out there.
Buffalo, this is a key part i think
of the conversation boys retain no salary uh which would have kept them from probably getting better
offers tuck of course is out till january after shoulder surgery he signed through 26 at 4.75
mil nice deal krebs was taken 17th overall in the 2019 draft he's had one assist in 13 career games
with vegas he was immediately sent down
to Rochester. Yet another
first round Vegas pick is gone.
Also, Buffalo acquired Johnny
Boychuck's deal to reach the salary
floor.
You just said it on the last
thing you mentioned.
They had to retain a salary, which is
a good move, assuming they
got assets in order to do so to help the Islanders out.
But why wouldn't they have retained any of Jack's salary?
This has to be straight pettiness because they're in no time frame of competing.
You're thinking maybe three, four years out.
And especially if you are, you've got worse deals on your salary cap right now as it is with Skinner.
So I don't know why they wouldn't have wanted a bigger return by retaining salary, especially with the window that they're in.
But maybe there's a reason for it.
And maybe there's some oversight here.
I would say the reason is the owners.
It's pettiness.
Yeah.
And, I mean, listen, you hear we're going to go to our interview with Jack Eichel. We got to interview him the reason is the owners. Pettiness. Yeah, and I mean, listen, you hear,
we were going to go to our interview with Jack Eichel.
We got to interview him the day it went down, right?
That was the day it happened, correct?
Yeah, Thursday night, yeah.
And obviously, like, at some point out there,
you could tell this wasn't Kevin Adams
that was saying you can't get the disc replacement,
and it wasn't Kevin Adams who said,
you know, we're not going to take any salary back.
It is this owner who apparently, like like hates this kid Eichel that much that he was willing to basically sacrifice a return, a better return from Vegas for just not eating some of the money.
Maybe he takes it personally.
He didn't want to be there anymore.
Who knows the entire backstory?
But when we interview Eichel, I think Grinelli teed up R.A. to ask him a question like is there something personal there and he just said i'll let you hear it i'm ruining it but
it's just foolish on my on my part for pagula to make it that about him in a way right like that
about like you're insulting me that i'm gonna actually force it to end this ugly so in the end
he's gone i'm happy for him he's gonna be there i think the the deal really comes down to Krebs and what type of player he turns into.
There's people who said he should have been drafted higher than it was.
He didn't have a point this year in Vegas.
I think they sent him to Rochester.
He's played a game in Rochester.
If he turns out to be a legitimate No. 1, No. 2 center, you're looking at a great deal,
and you're happy for this return.
If he doesn't, Alex Tuck's a real nice player.
He's not Jack Eichel. And the round picks they don't you don't that doesn't mean anything i would say based on on how tuck drives offense well at least how we did he's awesome
at least how we did in vegas based on what he's being paid on this fair deal he's one of those
guys that signed one of those deals where he was like you know what i I like it here. I like it here where if he continues to where he can play,
he's going to play surpass that number.
But at the end of the day, if Eichel gets to where we know he's at,
yeah, I think that they could have definitely gotten more
if they would have just fucking retained some salary
and not been petty about it.
And what's cool for the Sabres fans, and Kevin Adams mentioned
this is what we want, is when Tuck said, it's been a dream of mine to play for the Sabres. He Kevin Adams mentioned this is what we want is when Tuck said like it's
been a dream of mine to play for the Sabres he's an upstate New York kid so I know people imagine
a dream playing for the Sabres is seeming a little insane but when he was growing up that's probably
all he dreamed of doing and now he's there and it's pretty cool for him to unfortunately go from
a team who had a chance to win a cup but to go to a team he rooted for as a kid and also will play
even higher up in the lineup,
although he had times when he was the best player in Vegas.
And my other assumption is Buffalo,
knowing how vulnerable Vegas might have been
for them to retain salary,
the ask might have been another roster player.
Like getting a little too ridiculous?
Yeah, because I think Vegas is 5 million over the cap now
and has to figure some things out.
I believe.
I might be a complete donkey.
They're going to have to cooch her off somebody.
Well, Vegas, listen, they got Stones out, Pacioretty's out, and Eichel's out,
and that's going to be this top line, which will be one of the best lines in hockey.
They better start winning games now because you can get behind the eight ball.
Yeah, they're going to be back, but they're struggling.
They're not even close to it.
Who did they get beat by? Anaheim, who I thought was going to be back, but they're struggling. They're not even close to it. Who did they get beat by?
Anaheim, who I thought was going to be.
Toronto put them to the woodshed last Sunday night.
Grinnell, if you can help me out, I believe it was Anaheim who beat them 5-2.
Troy Terry on a fucking tear.
On a heater.
He's one of those young guys in Anaheim.
They really needed to find his wave.
And holy shit, great start to the year.
I thought they were going to be a laughingstock.
I want to say they're 500 out of the gate and playing some competitive hockey.
Oh, and the Wings dusted them, too.
The Wings dusted them Sunday.
That's what I was thinking.
Maybe it was the Wings.
I think the Ducks beat somebody else 5-2 then.
All right, boys.
Should we maybe send it over to Jack in case for those of you who might have missed it Thursday?
We were very lucky and fortunate to get Jack for about 25 minutes and had exclusive.
But no, we had a lot of laughs.
I thought we brought some nice levity to the conversation.
So if you missed it.
And before we throw it over, we called it an exclusive.
I was okay with it being called an exclusive.
We were a little excited.
I think there was like six other newslets out there that interviewed him.
But at the end of the day, this was an exclusive.
YouTube exclusive.
There are a lot more media crimes out there than us calling it exclusive.
And if you want to watch it on YouTube solely just the interview,
you can check it out there now.
I think it's got, what, close to 200,000 views?
Yeah.
And we got off the rails a little bit.
It was fun, and we wish him all the best, man.
This is an NHL superstar that's found a new home.
Absolutely.
And we do want to tell you that this interview is brought to you by BetterHelp.
Going to therapy is like routine maintenance for your mental and emotional wellness
to prevent bigger issues down the road.
Therapy doesn't mean something's wrong with you.
It means you're investing in yourself to keep your mind healthy.
And Barstool Sports agrees.
They're offering BetterHelp services to their employees as an added benefit
to help take care of their overall well-being.
BetterHelp is customized online therapy that offers video, phone,
and even live chat sessions with your therapist
so you don't have to see anyone on camera if you don't want to.
It's much more affordable than in-person therapy,
and you can start communicating with your therapist in under 48 hours.
Why invest in everything else and not your mind?
This podcast is sponsored by BetterHelp,
and our listeners get 10 off the first month at betterhelp.com slash chicklets.
That's B-E-T-T-E-R-H-E-L-P dot com slash chicklets.
And now, our pal, Jack Eichel.
All right, gang, well, huge NHL news today.
So we sent out the chicklets bat signal right away,
and we're happy to bring on our pal
and the newest Vegas Golden Knight, Jack Eichel.
Congratulations, pal, going from Lake Effect snow
to the strip and no income tax.
Yeah.
Save a little bit of money.
Thanks.
Thanks, all right.
It's good to be on with you guys.
Must be obviously duh,
but a huge weight off your shoulders, needless to say.
Yeah, it is. The last eight months have been tough for sure.
Trying times, just not where you want to be, not what you want to be doing.
You want to be playing hockey, and that's not what I've been doing.
Just getting the opportunity to go to Vegas.
They've been really supportive already in the last 24 hours
just on, you know, sort of what I want to do in terms of medical procedures.
And they've been awesome so far.
And I'm just super excited, obviously.
Competitive team, unbelievable organization, just a great opportunity.
So what are you looking at in terms of when the surgery can get done?
I mean, everyone's assuming it's going to be right away.
Can it be next week?
Is that quick enough to get this thing going?
Yeah, I'll do it next week.
Yeah, I'm going to do it at the  I'll probably do it at the end of next week,
probably like either Thursday or Friday.
Nice.
So I talked to a lot of guys that were skating with you, I'll probably do it at the end of next week, probably like either Thursday or Friday. Nice.
So I talked to a lot of guys that were skating with you,
and you couldn't have contact, but everyone said you looked amazing.
You're flying around.
So have you been able to continue to skate this whole time?
Or once the NHL season got going, were you kind of like,
all right, let's take a little bit of a break?
I did take a little bit of a break after that bio steel camp.
I went to that. I didn the um in the scrimmage
aspects of it but i was still able to get some good work in and obviously get the workouts and
get to be around the guys which was nice but um i took a little break after that i took a week
after that and i didn't skate but um you know luckily i i got uh i got adam oats and so i was
down in florida i was able to skate with him and continue to train
down there and then I went up to Toronto for a week when he was there and skated with him and
and can continue to be on the ice and working out with uh with Andy O'Brien so I've been staying
pretty active and when I've been back in Boston uh I've been over at BU working out so just trying
to stay active and um you know prepare myself for the the other side of the surgery as much as
possible yeah so what's the other side of the surgery as much as possible.
Yeah, so what's the other side?
What are the expectations as far as coming back to play?
Because I know that no hockey player has ever gotten this surgery performed,
but other athletes have.
Yeah, so I've talked to a lot of other people who have gotten the surgery.
It's about, I would say, six weeks to being cleared to skate, uh, which is good.
I mean, yeah.
And then it's about three months per se, where I could get cleared to go back to playing.
Um, which is, which is good.
I mean, it's, it's a lot shorter than a fusion.
Um, and you know, some people I've talked to, like, I mean, you're outpatient that night,
depending on what time you get the surgery. Like, um, you know, if you get the surgery in the morning, you can,
you know, leave that night. Uh, you know, you have a, you know, a nurse come check on you.
Um, but like the plan would be to leave the hospital if you have it in the morning that night.
And, um, you know, depending on how you do with the anesthesia, uh, but yeah, like it's a, it's
a minimally invasive surgery.
People, like I said, people that I've talked to have said amazing things about it.
I talked to Chris Weidman, the UFC fighter.
He said something like he's had something crazy like 20 surgeries,
and the disc replacement surgery is the easiest one he's had.
So you're sort of like a guinea pig for the NHL in some respects, I guess.
Yeah. You got to weigh with words my friend yeah uh already actually has a pet guinea pig I hope I'm not actually a guinea pig but uh no I mean I've done a lot of research on this I feel
like I know the surgery pretty uh pretty well I know it's uh basically up and down so um i mean it's not like we came to this conclusion overnight we did a lot
of research we've seen a lot of different experts a lot of different doctors from all over the
country that have been very supportive and have given me their opinions so um i feel very confident
and very comfortable in what i'm doing i think i want to ask you've been pretty vocal about
representing team usa was the i know you ended up switching agents and we'll get to that and very comfortable in what I'm doing. I think I want to ask, you've been pretty vocal about representing Team USA.
I know you ended up switching agents, and we'll get to that.
Was pressure to get the deal done now so you get surgery,
do you think that that's still in the picture playing in the Olympics?
Is there a possibility, even if you don't even play in a regular season game,
could you represent Team USA at the Olympics?
You know, I don't know.
That's a tough question, I think.
It's obviously a goal of mine, and I would love to be there.
I would love to represent our country.
You know, the organization in Vegas just made an enormous commitment to me,
and I want to make that same commitment back,
so I'm obviously not going to rush anything.
I know that you've got to look big picture here and uh I I hope to play for a long career and a lot more a lot more years and have a lot more success so uh I don't want to
rush or put a timetable on anything I think um you know I'll know when the when the time's right but
um I in terms of pressure pressure if it were up to me
this would have all happened a long time ago I wanted to get the surgery done last spring and
you know we wouldn't be dealing with any of this now but you know the things have a weird way of
working and here we are in this position now so you know you take it for what it is and
I'm just excited it's a good
opportunity to get healthy and get back to playing hockey was there ever a moment when you're talking
about flow and and you you had made it clear before any of this that you wanted to be traded
and at any point were you like man i think i finally convinced him to let me get the disc
replacement surgery were they hemming and hawing or the whole time was it no no, we want this, we want the fusion, and you stood your ground?
Was there ever a moment when it maybe went down with Buffalo
so you could get this done earlier?
A lot of people don't know this, but I told Buffalo
if they let me get the surgery, I'll come back and play there.
So they still were so adamant.
I think and I hope that the the i hope that this the fans in buffalo like they
understand i was adamant about getting the surgery before anything else and you know you can talk
about some of the things that have happened in the past and and you know i understand the sabers
are rebuilding and and i have uh you know respect for uh you know kevin Kevin Adams and the organization.
And I wanted to get healthy.
I want to play hockey.
I realized that the best way for me,
if me getting traded was what I wanted to do,
was to be healthy.
And so I said to them,
if you want to move me, that's fine.
But if you don't, okay. I just want to move me, that's fine. But if you don't, okay.
I just want to get the surgery and move on.
I'm not going to get a fusion.
So we're not  like, let's not cross that road.
If you want me to  if you allow me to get the surgery,
I'll come back and play in Buffalo and I'll prove to people that I'm healthy.
If the issue that you have is you're not getting the proper return
because of the injury, then I'll do that. And, you know, they stood their ground and they still weren't
comfortable enough with allowing me to get the surgery. And, you know, so here we are. Vegas is
obviously more comfortable with it than, you know, than the Buffalo organization.
Jack, what's the reason they were so opposed? Did they explain to you why they don't want you to get this particular surgery done?
You know, a lot of people are kind of in the mindset
that there hasn't been a hockey player that's done it.
But to me, that's not a reason to not do a surgery.
That's not really a good medical reason to not do something.
You know what I mean?
Like, you know, think about the first person that got tommy john surgery you know the
first person to get you know triple bypass like these are these are regular things that happen
now and i don't want to say i'm a pioneer because the surgery it's not a surgery like i'm not the
first person to get it you know i'm not the first athlete to get it i may be the first hockey player
but people got surgery and had great success with it. I realized I needed to get some sort of procedure to fix an issue that I have. There were two options. I just felt this was the better one for me.
I need to switch agents, and you're now represented by Pat Bresson,
who's represented Crosby his entire career,
basically the super agent in the NHL.
How much of a difference has it made to have him so well-connected,
a guy with so much respect, now representing you and basically helping you finally get this done?
Yeah, that was a tough decision, and it came in the middle of this,
and it wasn't something that, uh, you know, I thought of it overnight. I, I,
I have the utmost respect for my previous agents, Peter Fish and Peter Donatelli.
And, and they're some of my closest friends. I I've been with them for so long.
And, you know, I, I don't have a bad word to say about them.
It just felt like for me, uh,
we were in a bit of a stalemate in the situation and maybe i needed a change in
leadership it's nothing against uh their them and and i don't think i would be in the situation
really if it wasn't for them i think that they more than anything had my back at a time when a
lot of other people didn't and i appreciate that uh but when you talk about pat yeah he has an
incredible amount of experience and an unbelievable amount of connections and a team behind him.
And, you know, who knows if I'd be sitting here today as a member of the Golden Knights
and, you know, having the opportunity to get, you know,
the medical treatment that I feel I need if it wasn't for him.
He's done an unbelievable job, and it's been great to get to know him.
There's a reason he's Pat Brisson.
It's been great to get to know him.
There's a reason he's Pat Bresson.
Jack, what are the minimum and maximum recuperation lengths for this surgery?
Like the shortest you can get back versus the longest?
Yeah, I think three months is sort of that timetable that I think I'm looking at now.
That's when most doctors are pretty comfortable with the fact that that disc, uh, has fully healed, uh, into your bone and, and it's not moving.
And, um, so in terms of how long, I don't know, like it, it all depends on how I'm feeling post
operation. Obviously the rehab process and, and, and, uh, your, your post-op care is,
is extremely important in the in the process and
um you know i really look forward to to tackling that head-on but uh i think it's probably about
a three-month process um i was going to ask about the like the emotional process of it all because
like i feel like you put your heart and soul into buffalo and given the circumstances of how it all
played out maybe some of the fan base is
still bitter towards the fact that things didn't really turn around and get to a good place while
you were playing there I would say to no fault of yours obviously do you feel like what would
you say to those fans who are maybe kind of still bitter about the entire situation and the way it
played out yeah I mean you know that's unfortunate listen you know you guys have played
you know like nobody wants to lose like you don't you know what i mean like i when i got drafted
here you think my vision in you know for 2021 was to be true like it never was this was never
the vision you know the vision was to come to Buffalo, have success and bring a winning team
and a Stanley Cup to the city of Buffalo.
Like the people here are incredible.
I've had, you know, so many great years
and interactions with the fans
and they've taken care of me and my family for a long time.
So, you know, that's just how things are going to go.
When you split up and you go separate ways, people are going to be bitter.
People are going to be upset with you. I get it. Listen,
it's a business at the end of the day, need to do what's best for you.
I made a lot of connections here and I feel like I've made a really good
impact on a lot of people in the city. And that's,
that's really what I wanted to do. You know, I have a lot of, you know,
close relationships with some of the charitable organizations here, whether it be Roswell Park and Best Buddy, some of the some of the people that I've made, you know, relationships with that that will go a lot longer the end of this can look and say,
he made a positive impact on our community, he cared,
and he tried his hardest.
Because there wasn't a minute that I went to the rink or represented the Buffalo Sabres where I didn't put everything I had into it.
That's well said.
I think as I've gotten to know you and talking to buddies of yours,
you love the game.
I'm wondering, throughout this whole process, when you're hearing certain things said and you're not being able to
play the game you love like there had to be some nights or days that were pretty tough maybe a
little emotional in a sense like it had to be up and down I just want to play I'm upset I can't
like how did you handle the whole mental battle of like getting through this and finally waiting
till it was done yeah I mean that was probably the hardest part is it's uh you know the physical symptoms you
know you can deal with um the mental part of it was tough for sure like uh you just want to play
more than anything you want to be you want to be one of the guys man like being a training camp
comes it's like first day of cat it's like first day of school you know what i mean you get back
with all the boys you tell about stories about the summer it's like how day of school. You know what I mean? You get back with all the boys. You tell them stories about the summer.
It's like, how excited are you to get back playing?
You know, it's like a fresh, clean sheet.
You never know what's going to happen that season.
Like, when that all happened, you know, the summer wasn't too bad because I was able to at least train and work out.
And it felt like a normal summer to me.
But when camp came around and guys started going back to camp
and I was still kind of, like, left, like, you know, what do I do now?
Yeah, like just kind of left in the dust, not really feeling a part of the team.
It was tough, man.
I had some dark days.
I had some, you know, I had some tough times.
But, you know, I did a lot of reflecting, a lot of reading,
tried to lean on a lot of people that I have.
I have, you know, a lot of great people that support me.
So it was all worth it.
I'm beyond excited about this fresh opportunity,
and I look forward to making the most of it.
As far as juicy scoops are concerned,
was there any deals that almost got done other than this one?
Were there nights where you were like,
oh my God, we're this close to getting something done
with another team?
Yeah, I mean, God, I don't want to air out
some of the details or some of the deals that I heard.
Coyotes?
Was there any chance you were coming to the Oats?
It's funny.
They're like, Biz will give you the surgery yeah yeah let you plow my old lady
sorry i had to say it like there were definitely there were definitely moments where i thought
that there there could be opportunities um but you know i guess you start to learn like nothing's really done until it's done
and that's the case um there were some some things out there that i thought looked good like
for for a little bit but you know um you know credit to buffalo they they got the deal they
wanted and and i'm i'm very happy vegas was uh right at the top of my list of places to go play
we should probably talk about vegas now and how pumped you are to go play there.
Like, how many of the guys have reached out to you so far?
I mean, Robin Leonard is obviously pumped.
He played with you in Buffalo.
And he was sticking up most for you online.
Like, Robin Leonard was talking about it for a while.
Yeah, Lenny's, like, after he did your guys' chicklets,, obviously he's, you know, he's super outspoken.
He does not shy away about speaking his mind.
And I appreciate that about Robin and him being so outspoken, I think really helped me because I think it shined a lot of lights.
And I think at that moment, the NHL and the Players Association felt like they needed to take a little more action in the case.
that moment the nhl and the players association felt like they needed to take a little more action in the case and because you know in a way he was he was shining light on something that was maybe
in the dark a little bit like the details of it and you know lenny lenny's been through a lot and
he's somebody that uh you know sort of like myself wears his heart on his sleeve but there's there's
not a lot of people that you want uh that you want to have your back more than him. He's a great guy, and he obviously was very supportive of me,
and we've been talking over the last little bit since he did the Chicklets interview.
But other than that, a lot of the guys have reached out,
and a lot of the people from the organization,
so they make you feel very welcome right away.
I just think it must be so exciting to think of that atmosphere.
We've talked long about going to a game.
Biz has been to one out there.
But now you think, like, you in between Pacioretty and Stone is crazy
when everyone gets healthy.
And then what?
I'm rock hard.
Carlson, Riley, Smith, and in Marsha's show, it's like, holy shit.
You don't even need a bottom six.
Holy shit.
The stratosphere in your pants, Biz.
We'll get you yeah uh no i mean they have a they have a phenomenal roster already just want to uh go in and be a piece of the puzzle jack did it ever feel personal to you not from kevin
in the front office but perhaps from uh higher powers than that oh the delay the delay a little smirk you could say pass all right
this is the journal shit that i can't handle i'm like oh no don't jam them up all right
i'm sorry just listen to my producer fucking granelli fucking so i mean i'm not throwing
on the bus it's a group text. No, I'll hop in here.
I thought it was bizarro land that there was one adamant thing that they were not going
to retain salary.
They would have got more.
It is weird.
They would have got more.
And I'm like, no offense to the Sabres, but where the fuck are they going in the next
two or three years?
And you don't got to comment on that.
But it was the not retaining where it's like they didn't want any trace of Jack Eichel
in his memory here.
Sorry.
Listen, I'm sure maybe more details to the whole situation story will come out at some point.
And, you know, we can talk about this maybe over a couple beers at some point.
Or maybe over a
How quick can you get the filly?, a plate over a sandbag or something. Uh, but yeah,
I mean like the, the overall situation, um, you know,
retaining money, all that stuff. I don't know enough about it all.
I'm not a GM. I don't, I don't work in management.
I'm a rocket Scientologist. I know what the fuck's going on.
Every group needs one of them.
Yeah, I mean, I don't know.
All that stuff, at the end of the day, fuck, it doesn't matter now.
It's fucking over and done with.
So I have a new organization, and I'm very happy to be a part of it.
Any concerns about Bill's Mafia having you whacked?
Yeah.
No.
No, I mean, listen, I really like the quarterback, Josh Allen.
He's a really good dude, and I root for him for sure.
He's a stud, man.
He's fucking sick to watch every week, and he's a really, really good dude.
So I like him a lot i wish him
nothing but the best so we won't see you in a las vegas raiders jersey anytime soon you know you
know what uh it's funny i i already have one oh jesus here we go i have a i i you know what my uh
my best buddy from home for some reason he he always has a bone to pick with Derek
Carr and so this is like this is going on way before Vegas was even uh like a trade option but
he for some reason he just he didn't like Derek Carr so I'm always defending Derek Carr as like
as like a as a good quarterback and I'm saying like man you got to watch this guy like he's
really good you know what I mean and so he actually got me a Derek Carr jersey for my birthday last week.
Oh, it was last week?
Oh, come on.
Spoiler alert.
He gave me the T-shirt last week.
And he was just like, here for your boy Derek Carr.
So anytime I see anything about Derek Carr, I mean,
he's got unbelievable statistics.
But anytime I see anything on him, I send it to my buddy.
And he's just like, he's so tired of me giving him Derek Carr statistics.
So he gave me a jersey, and then it's funny.
I end up getting traded there.
Sounds familiar to our scenario where I'm telling him Rodgers is a better QB than Brady,
but we can move on from the quarterbacks.
Are you going to do the rehab out in Vegas?
Will you be right out there after surgery?
I'll probably do a, yeah, do a portion of it. I think, yeah,
I'll probably try and I'll probably try and see some,
some specialists right after the surgery just to get, get,
get the ball rolling right away. But it's, it's a pretty comprehensive rehab,
you know, you know, just to get your, whatever you're, you're, you're,
you're, you're talking about the spine. I think there's a lot to it.
So you just want to try and use the best guys right away and then uh yeah i mean you know
vegas from what i've heard they have an incredible medical team and a lot of really good people
working for them and the players have a lot of confidence in them so um you know that's that's
obviously uh that's that's very important to me and and I'm sure they'll do a phenomenal job.
Jack, are you a bit of a dreamer?
Have you thought about the moment where you come out of that  what is that head that they got there when you come out of the ice in Vegas?
Is it like a head shield?
Well, it's a knight.
They're the Golden Knights, so it would be a knight's
Thanks, Whit, for chiming in there.
Yeah, well, you asked me.
Have you thought about coming out of that and hearing that fucking crowd
just fucking roaring when you come out of that thing?
Like, how jazzed up are you for that?
Yeah, a long way away.
But, yeah, I mean, just, like, only have played there as a visitor.
But just to have that.
Yeah, to have.
Yeah, we have before.
I'm sure we've gotten pumped there, but no, I mean,
I'm just fired up that you get to like, I mean,
what a treat to play in front of that crowd every night. It's,
it's incredible. I mean, the production there, it's, it's unbelievable.
It's second to none in the entire world. So, you know, it's just very, very fortunate to be able to play there every night.
Well, man, we're really happy for you.
I know it's been a whirlwind already.
I think he has one more.
He's going to grill you with another journalistic question.
So what are your politics stance, Jack?
What do you mean you're anti-vax?
Have you seen any interesting fashion shows on the internet lately?
Oh, he's asking about the Chiclets, the Chiclets, the new merch drop when R.A. was crippled.
I was saying, yeah, R.A. was buckled at 1130 in the morning trying on Chiclets hoodies.
Well, it was a Tuesday, so.
Yeah, you were grinning from fucking ear to ear. was unbelievable i was getting free sweatshirts of course it was
grinning ear to ear he had a breakfast burrito full of dope that's why he was fucking pumped
oh that's good speaking of that i uh let's show the people your t-shirt a little bob dylan action
i know you're a classic rock guy we broke broke that years ago. Most overrated artist of all time.
Biz, do you know what Bob Dylan's...
What do they call it when all their records, their catalog?
You know what Bob Dylan's...
Is it catalog?
Discography.
Do you know what they were sold for?
How much?
500 million.
Is that good?
Is that good?
And Biz is saying he sucks.
Hey, not as good as the Fugees.
Am I right, Jack?
The Fugees.
You're not a big Lauryn Hill fan?
I'll be gone till November.
I'll be gone till November.
I don't.
What is your thing with the Fugees?
You love them, man.
He thinks they're better than the Rolling Stones.
He's an absolute mutant.
I heard you say that, actually.
That's one of the most asinine things I think I've ever heard. Oh, my God. You and fucking Ari. I'm sick of you and Ari playing Tommy Sticks. I heard you say that, actually. That's one of the most asinine things I think I've ever heard.
Oh, my God.
You and fucking R.A.
I'm sick of you and R.A. playing Tommy Sticks.
I heard your argument with R.A. about this, by the way.
It's actually crazy.
Thanks, Jack.
I appreciate getting my back.
I actually like Lauryn Hill, too.
I actually do like her.
I mean, you can't compare Lauryn Hill or the Fugees.
Well, I just don't want to go watch the Rolling Stones senior citizens
walk around stage talking about their songs when Lauryn Hill.
I saw them like two years ago in Foxborough,
and they played for like two and a half hours nonstop,
and Mick Jagger did not stop moving.
So no way it was a senior citizen show.
78 years old, still getting the thumpers.
All right.
Fair enough. I'll eat
that one, guys. But Jack, thanks for joining
us. Is that it?
Yeah, I think that's good, dude. I'm happy
for you. Finally, this is over.
Get one of the best players in the league playing again.
Get you healthy, and good luck with the surgery, man.
I have surgery on the same day next
week on my elbow, so we can talk
over rehab and stuff. That's bigger news, because we're going to miss
Sandbagger. Fuck Eichel.
Fuck Eichel in the NHL.
Hey, if Brisson's the best agent in the game,
he'll be able to get me a one-way at 750 with the Sabres.
So talk to him and let me know, you fucker.
Thanks, Jackie.
Tell the poopy pants pagoulas to sign me.
All right, boys.
See you, buddy.
Take care.
See you, buddy.
That interview with Jack Eichel was also brought to you Find me. All right, boys. See you, buddy. Take care. See you, buddy.
That interview with Jack Eichel was also brought to you by Cross Country Mortgage.
Cross Country Mortgage is a lot like us at Barstool, a people-first group of people.
They are dedicated to the fundamentals of mortgage lending, which results in a fast, convenient, and less stressful home financing or refinancing experience.
And right now, rates are unbelievably low.
We don't know how long this is going to last,
but don't pay the bank more money than you need to with rent.
You can get a house at a great rate.
Cross-country mortgage makes the process as painless and simple as possible and helps you keep your money in your pocket
so you can do fun things with it,
like trips to Vegas or get a new TV.
RA, did you write that yourself?
That's pretty good.
If you're a homeowner and haven't refied lately, I just refied, by the way, best decision you
can make.
As I said, the rates are low.
You could be leaving thousands or even ten thousands of dollars on the table.
And that's money that could go toward a new shed or a toy or some pocket cash.
RA, I love what you're doing with this cash.
Rates are at an all-time low.
Like I said, they may never get this low again.
So call today for a fast free quote and a free home valuation.
And when you do, tell them Barstool sent you.
Go to crosscountrymortgage.com slash Barstool to learn more about your future home buying experience or refinance your current mortgage.
Cross Country Mortgage LLC NMLS 3029.
All loans subject to underwriting approval.
www.crosscountrymortgage.com
So, one of the
things that was mentioned in the...
I wouldn't call it confusion. I would say that...
Yeah, there is confusion. Okay. Well, from
people online, at least, which I guess is no
shocker, but... Yeah, that's where I get my information.
You can explain this best.
You think so? Yes, I do. Well, there were
some people saying that apparently when
Aiko was interviewed by ButcherGross, mind you,
we still had the exclusive, but just on exclusive exclusive um when he was asked a similar question
to the would you have came back to play for the Sabres I guess his answer was was I'm not sure
you know I didn't know but when we had him on we asked the question you know would you have came
back and played for the Buffalo Sabres and what he said was is as soon as they told him he couldn't get the surgery he was willing to say
if you allow me to get the surgery that I want I will come back once I'm healthy in a Buffalo
Sabres uniform which I completely agree that he would have done that because for two reasons
then more than likely he would have gotten it gotten it later in the summer and then he would
have been able to play in the Olympics.
So it does benefit him in some regard.
But as he mentioned during the interview, he said, I was willing to try to boost my stock.
So if I come back and I'm playing healthy hockey and I'm at a point of game, maybe it opens up the amount of teams that are willing to trade for you then at that point.
Because you've got to think the risk of taking it on with how the surgery goes was a deterrent for probably some teams to where they didn't even get a package
ready exactly whereas once that would have been proven where the the surgery which i believe has
been done in one other sport it's been done in a bunch of other sports it's never been done in
hockey so so either way we just wanted to clear that up i thought that was and the thing is sorry
that you actually brought this up too tarasenkoenko wanted a trade, and who knows what's going to happen,
but he's shown up, he's played well, and if Eichel went back,
you never know.
And he lights it up, and the team's winning,
which they're doing great right now, better than everyone thought.
You just never know.
So the fact that he was willing to do that, I thought, went a long way,
and it never got out into the news at any point.
No, that's a great point
um the bob dylan shirt biz i know you were talking about that after you didn't like him i'll be
honest man i'm not the biggest bob dylan guy hey and online grinnelli said everyone everyone was
dog and bob dylan i don't i don't know that many songs i just know he's considered one of the all
time greats he's a classic artist no doubt he's one of his grammys he's changed the game a lot
but i'll be i i'll this is my test for a guy my generation.
I don't have one fucking Bob Dylan album or CD I never have.
I'm not saying he's not good or bad.
It's just not my cup of tea.
Apparently, he wasn't the nicest guy either.
Yeah, I don't know.
I think he was known a bit as an asshole.
A bit of a grump.
Yeah.
That's what I hear.
I don't want to start rumors.
I read it online.
It's in the same place I get my stats.
Yeah, he's still with us.
Yeah.
I mean, he's no doubt a legend of the rock and roll game, the old school rock game.
Jack's a huge classic rock fan.
That's why we kind of brought him up a little bit.
I first interviewed him back, I think, pre-biz days.
Yeah, that was one of the big scoops we got out of him.
All right.
Moving right along.
Our pal Brady Kachuk, no surprise.
He gets the C in Ottawatawa becomes the 10th captain
in senator's history uh also the youngest uh as coach dj smith said uh quote he's been at the
arena you know since he's two years old and he's lived the nhl and knows nothing but it so i think
that gives him a leg up and we're talking about you know a young captain end quote and of course
his father was a 21 year old captain of winnipeg back in 1993 i
mean we've talked about it before this guy was just like all set this is like genetically
predisposed for brady kachuk to be a nhl captain you're getting some of the best advice on a daily
basis via text or phone call and we i don't i'm not going to give away who we interview but we
kind of beaten this subject up quite a bit today is a lot of times
with the way the league goes and how young it is now these seas are getting slapped on young guys
i mean look at look at jack like you know what you know who did he get the chance to learn from
in buffalo and how to do it so despite the disadvantage you might be as a young captain
in today's game at least he's able to get that advice from his old man and other people
that I'm sure he's hung around this whole life, you know, saying, you know, this is what should
be going on. This is the way that things are done. And you need that because if, you know,
in order to have a winning team, you got to have the right leadership in the locker room, you know,
galvanizing the group and getting them heading in the right direction. And it's not, it's not easy,
man. Some of these guys kind of get put on an island.
And I just figured I'd mention Jack as an example.
No, it's true.
And just to have your father have had the career he did and just learning, it's so...
That kid knows more about hockey before he got into the NHL
than most guys once they've played a couple years.
It's just he's been around the game that long.
I think Matt will probably be the captain in Calgary.
I know his name was out there in that Eichel room.
Apparently they were fucking pissed about that.
Apparently that was Phantom.
I saw his name in there.
I said, what?
Wow, Matt, that doesn't really make much sense.
But he could end up being a captain in Calgary.
I'm really happy for Brady.
And it goes to show, if you're somebody who's willing to fight,
you can score, you can do it all,
it makes all the more sense to be a captain, right?
He's not a one-way player.
He does every little thing, and I think guys absolutely love playing with him.
So that's the biggest factor right there.
Yeah, and being in a locker room since coach since you're two years old.
Oh, yeah.
You've basically been training to be an NHL guy your whole life.
So congrats to you, Brady.
We know you're going to do great things in Ottawa.
Moving right along, another bad story out of Chicago,
but I guess compared to the last several, this isn't all that bad.
Head coach Jeremy Colleton was fired Saturday after the team was pasted
5-1 Friday night by Winnipeg.
Left them with a 1-9-2 record, so they finally get rid of Colleton.
They brought in Derek King.
He was promoted from AHL Rockford.
He's been named interim coach for the rest of the year by interim GM Kyle Davidson.
The Hawks did win his debut
2-1 Sunday night in overtime
versus Nashville.
Carlton was in his fourth season with the team
in the first of a two-year extension.
Just another move Bowman made that
probably was not for the best.
Either way, Chicago is moving on.
It looks like they're finally scratching everything away
from this last stink of the last several months, Biz. This gives them a little But either way, Chicago is moving on. It looks like they're finally kind of scratching everything away from these,
this last thing of the last several months, Biz.
And, you know, this gives them a little bit more, I guess, not leeway, but cushion.
Yeah, well, there's three ways to go with this. The fact that I think that there was a bit of a rift between Bowman and Quinville on, like,
I don't want to say a personal level, but he kind of wanted him out.
And I think that there was really no winning in whatever coach you were going to put in that position,
especially a very young coach, first-time NHL coach for the first time,
coaching these guys that had already won there.
And so that was the one thing.
The other thing being is I mentioned it when everything was going down
as far as their losses and just the morale of the team.
Seth Jones, who just stepped in, he's going to say all the right things
and say, no, everything that he's saying in the locker room
that was resonated with the players, so on and so forth.
I just felt that it looked as if though his message was falling on deaf ears
and it was done and it was time to move on.
So is that fair to say?
And it's not to take away from his coaching ability
it was just given with all the other bullshit that happened it probably felt like it was easier just
to part ways because now Stan the guy who brought him in was gone it's like hey we're gonna we're
gonna just rip this right to the core yeah it made sense um I was actually bummed because
Sheldon Brookbank got let go as well I played with with Brookie in Anaheim. Great guy. He was the assistant coach
there. And it sucks to see
a buddy of yours, right, that gets
let go. But in terms of
getting ready and coaching staff with Carlton
up front, when a team looks
that lifeless, it's
like you can have a bad team and they can go
out and lose games. There's a different way to lose
games. You can compete and you can battle
and you can end up losing 5-2 with an empty net
and it looks bad, but if you watch the game,
you saw heart and passion and guys caring.
Chicago looked completely disinterested.
It looked like they were willing to play run and gun every night,
but they just, like...
But he wasn't trying...
I don't think that was the game plan.
It was just...
And also, like, you got to bring it up, unfortunately,
but Fleury is struggling, right?
I think it's 881 save percentage goals against the above four.
So they're not getting goaltending, but they were giving up so many chances.
It all comes down to when a team looks that bad and that lifeless,
you got to make a change.
And so they have.
And then against Nashville, they win.
Derrick King's first game, I think they gave up 21 shots.
They looked good.
It's the lowest amount of shots they gave up all year.
Sometimes a different voice comes in. it's just what it takes and like Terrian did a great job in Pittsburgh it just at some point the team it wasn't obviously the
same scenario where the team starts off one and nine or whatever but we weren't doing great and
they let him go I got traded but Bosma came in they won the Stanley Cup it's just sometimes the
voice gets stale.
And I really feel bad for Colleton in some sense.
He was like set up to fail.
Like talk about a tough gig.
You're the youngest coach in the league and you're replacing a Hall of Famer.
So it's like who was a legend in that city.
He was fucked from the beginning.
And you still had that core.
And you still had the core.
Who was it?
I'm like older than this guy.
So it's like that could be an example of a coach who coaches again in the NHL. And that's without knowing anything about how his habits were and how his getting along with players was with Chicago.
But he was screwed from the get-go.
You want to be the guy who replaces the guy who replaces the guy.
You know what I mean?
I do now.
All the time with the voice gets stale.
It's just whether it's two years,
five years, or ten years. Oh, yeah. Eventually
it gets stale. I know you wanted to add something.
Can I make a prediction here?
I think, or let me start.
The guy who said Kapo Kako is going to get 30 goals.
He has zero points. The guy who also said in June
last year Jack Eichel will get traded to Vegas.
That's true. That's true.
He did say that, so he's one and one.
Tortorella. Oh, my God.
You think?
Oh, no.
I think Derrick King's getting the chance.
I was going to say that.
I think Davidson and King.
It's the same exact situation as what's going on in Florida.
Why not just give them a shot?
And if they do well, these guys should get the chance.
It's almost like everyone's waiting for Florida and Chicago to hire a coach.
They got two guys that could get it done.
And also on a potentially shot season.
Let's see where it goes.
They're already paying these guys, too.
And then if you're going to want torts, you're going to have to lock them in for three years,
and there might be somebody better come available in the offseason.
I think they already announced that they're going to keep King for the rest of the year,
no matter what.
Oh, you think?
They said they're not going to look for another coach until the season's over.
So I'm saying this offseason, I think that's when they go out.
Okay.
All right.
Fair enough.
But I think he's on an audition.
I don't think they're even thinking that far ahead to go follow what you said,
what Brunette.
I mean, these guys played in the NHL, man.
These guys have been in the wars.
They know what it takes to win.
I think that has a lot more effect on players.
I actually agree.
I think when a player, yeah, who has a history of winning
and a history of playing a long, long career, yeah, for sure.
And I played with Colton under 18.
He was a good player growing up.
And then I think he ended up playing a little bit with the Islanders.
He played against them in Bridgeport.
Yeah, he had a short career, ended up getting some concussions.
So, yes, I wouldn't expect people to take my word as seriously He played against him in Bridgeport. Yeah, he had a short career, ended up getting some concussions.
So, yes, I wouldn't expect people to take my word as seriously if I was coaching an NHL team.
I haven't been in those situations.
Oh, no doubt, man.
It's like, yeah, if you had the success,
and not even the success of having tons of points,
but playing a lot of games, guys just have a different amount of respect.
Yeah.
If I went into a room, too, I'd be like,
why are they going to listen to me?
Now, maybe you're not going to be a good coach thinking that way,
but it definitely exists in terms of some guys' mental game
going into the beginning of their coaching career.
We just mentioned the Islanders a couple times.
We have another interview we're going to bring him on in a little bit.
Matt Molson, another interview we did a little while back.
He, of course, played in Buffalo as well, but he was on the Island for for a bit this is one we did when we were in nyc and we just figured since
him and eichel were roommates and they were together when eichel ran out of gas yeah on the
way to the arena which i i believe we get into tissue it's it's a really uh a really great story
guys a guy who was in the right place at the right time and worked really hard and never took a day
for granted and he's still playing in the American Hockey League
with the Hershey Bears.
And he's going to ride his career.
Very honored to become captain.
Very cool viral video of when he got named captain
of the Hershey Bears last year.
And they did it on the Jumbotron.
And he said he got emotional.
So this guy loves the game.
He's got some great stories.
And we actually had Teddy Purcell join us as well
because they played together a little bit.
And he brought out some humor in him as well so it's going to be a fun time yeah nice
little inadvertent segue till later but uh the big game over the weekend I know we would kind
of preoccupy with the live stream the live watch Carolina at Florida Saturday night biz did you
know that was the first game in NHL history between teams with active season and opening
point strings point streaks of nine games or more.
Two teams that come out of the gate.
Well, I read it on the outline, but before that, I did not know.
There was a couple wacky stats with these long either win streaks
or losing streaks.
I don't know if you saw the other one.
Yeah, there's a few of them out there.
But anyways, the Panthers rolled 5-2 win.
The Canes come up one short win of tying the NHL record
after winning their first nine games.
We got to talk about Duclair.
Eight goals already and 11 games played.
Florida's 11-game point streak is the longest to start a season
in the NHL since Chicago back in 2013.
This team's humming along right now.
I mean, we keep stroking them because they keep winning.
How do we not?
We brought up torts.
I think Anthony Duclair is going to be on a mission to keep this team winning
so they don't end up switching coaches.
So no shocker there on his play and how much he's lighting the lamp.
And I'm happy for him.
We've mentioned him quite a bit on this podcast,
a bit of a journeyman in a case where he could never find a true home,
but he's found it there in Sunrise,
and they are humming on all fucking cylinders, man.
We said it going into the year.
We knew this was a possibility.
The only question mark going in was goaltending,
and they got both guys fucking humming.
Bob's been unreal, and Spence tonight, when he's been called upon,
has been unreal as well.
So let's see if it happens.
There's no complaint to the salary when Bobrovsky's like this.
You don't hear the 10 million thing that I've brought up 15 times.
And what, did they start out 4-0 in that game in the first period?
Just ran them right out of the fucking building.
Power play goals, too, if I'm not mistaken.
They had four in the game, I know.
This is the biz stroke-off session portion of the show.
Toronto, they beat the Bruins 5-2 Saturday night.
What did I say?
What did I say?
Fifth win in a row.
That was the first Boston-Toronto game in almost two years.
People around here were fiending.
They got two goals from Austin Matthews
and Tavares. There's still
six points back of Florida in the Atlantic,
but Campbell had 42
saves, 23 in the third.
It was the fourth most in a period in
Toronto history. I thought that was interesting.
I said it. I said goaltending's
going to turn around.
Now Mrazik's out. Now Jack's
got the mind frame of i got the net
the net's mine and when he gets the net he ain't fucking he's not he's on a mission now the fence
is playing a lot better they look way more structured on top of their first games and
what did i say i compared it to a ballet wit when the offense starts going yeah you did i said it
looks like a beautiful ballet and everybody's just fucking humming along.
All the pieces to the engine are going.
And I want to say their last 10 goals have been scored by the big four.
Marner, Matthews, Nylander, and Tavares.
Is that a good thing?
Is it?
Is it, Biz?
I don't know.
Because that means basically what everyone knows, that if they don't perform, they stink.
And they're getting run out of their own building right now
by the Kings in the first period.
I have addressed this, and I will
I said they were going to win four of the next five,
and I think they've won three out of those three games.
If they lose the one here, big deal, we move on.
But I think a third-period comeback for how hot they are?
It's only the first period, actually, and it's only 2-0.
But my thing is I addressed this because all the Toronto fans are coming at me.
By the way, last year I was a Toronto guy.
I was a Maple Leaf guy.
And in the end I saw a couple things
and I said, what am I doing? I'm an oiler.
Once an oiler, always an oiler. These Leafs
fans, they're foolish. I basically experience
what everyone else experiences, just failure.
So as good as they've looked, and they
will look good, and I think if you go back to my
original statements, I said at some point they're going to win eight in a row
and Marner's going to get 20 points in a 10-game span.
I've said all this, but nothing matters.
And I will not address it again until the first round of the playoffs.
And you can say all you want about how great they look,
but in the end, even the diehard of diehards know
I don't even really know why I'm watching.
Because all that matters is that first week in April.
So good luck to the Leafs the rest of the regular season.
They'll be in the playoffs, as everyone said.
And after that, we will see what happens every single other goddamn year.
Ten days ago, we had fans throwing jerseys on the ice,
and now we've got a little bit of a win streak going here.
About to make it, what, six in a row when they come back from the kings i mean two goals is nothing in this day and age uh at least
start the first part of the parade route willie needland already has the fourth most overtime
game winning goals in team history with six uh matt sundin leads and thomas cavalli and matthews
are tied with seven each pretty interesting those guys haven't been around for a team that's been
around for a hundred fucking years those Those guys are already that high.
And shout out to the
Barstool Sportsbook. I
also went to Twitter and said, hammer the Leafs
against the Bruins. You laid the hammer
on them too. A hundred bucks?
Bounded them, Biz.
Mitch Bonner, he got whacked on the head
by Mikhail Shurikachev
on Tampa Bay. He got a two-game suspension for that.
Put him in jail. Illegal check to the head.
Put him in fucking prison.
He got two games for it.
Yeah, I mean, you know,
it was a pretty deliberate shot to the head.
I had no issue with that.
Oh, yeah, for sure.
I didn't know if it was one or two, though.
All right, boys.
OCB is the largest rolling paper brand in the world
and has been one with nature,
crafted naturally since 1918,
so you know they've perfected the process
for a consistently
great session time after time as i say all the time i made the switch this year and you should
too because these are great sheets i'm a guy who goes through several sheets a week and i will never
go back from anything else from ocb biz they got me for life they're so good they're awesome they
burn awesome they're're consistent. And now
is your chance to join the OCB
family forever. Forever?
Forever. OCB rolling papers
are giving a lifetime supply of
rolling papers, cones, and
some fresh swag to their loyal fans.
Make sure to check out
at OCB underscore USA
today for a chance to win.
All you have to do is follow at OCB underscore USA today for a chance to win. All you have to do is follow at OCB underscore USA on Instagram,
like the OCB high haul post, and tag two friends in the comments to win.
There's also a shortcut on OCBUSA.com slash chicklets
with the link to enter on Instagram now.
You must be 21 plus to buy the papers and to follow the social accounts.
Good luck.
But I'm a huge OCB guy.
I'm willing to put my love for the Leafs on the back burner
because I'm actually more intrigued by this Battle of Alberta going on right now
because the flames don't look like they're slowing down anytime soon.
They're dialed into Sutter's system.
They are getting offense from everybody.
they're dialed into Sutter's system they are getting offense from everybody
Kachuk
Kachuk goes over the top on
McDusty's goal by scoring the
goal of the week on the Rangers
that was... For you to just troll
like that is just so ridiculous
between the legs
the best goals I've ever seen in my life
walking through the entire Rangers team
you're talking about a between the legs
goal that went off the goalie's chest
and somehow ended up going top shelf.
No disrespect to Matt Kachuk. You're an
idiot. You're a moron. And by the way,
if you want to bring up Calgary and how good they are,
maybe chuck out some love to Jacob
Markstrom, our boy,
who is, I think, four shutouts already?
Unreal. Four shutouts already.
This guy, I saw this guy in the
minors. I told you he slept on the bus when we all got off.
He got left in the bus yard.
He had to hop over barbed wire.
That was it.
That made the wires cross.
That's when I knew this guy was going to make it.
No, he is a freak.
He's got all the tools.
He's tall.
He's athletic.
And he signed that big deal.
And he made a good point that since he signed with Calgary,
he didn't experience the fans, right?
Last year was the bubble, and now he's like, oh, my God.
This is the sea of red.
And sorry, you're going to be seeing McDusty instead of red at some point this year
because my team, the Oilers, is a wagon.
I have not seen anything slow down there.
And I'll give credit.
Calgary looks great.
Obviously, Sutter has him dialed in to play a certain way,
but the goaltending is what's really taken over.
And Goudreau being a free agent here.
So we got to hop over to the McDavid goal.
That was... He went through
like, never mind New York, Brooklyn, Bronx,
Queens, Manhattan, fucking Georgia.
Upstairs. That was
actually good, all right. Did you hear that on the broadcast?
No.
You should be on the broadcast. Can you do that one more
time like he's got it?
And here comes McDavid.
Oh, he goes through Brooklyn, Bronx, Queens, Manhattan, and over Georgia.
Oh, what a goal.
Unbelievable.
Connor McDavid has even shocked himself tonight.
Look at his face.
Ron McClain, you're done.
Who else is a play by?
Kenny Albert.
Sam Rosen's shaking in his boots right now.
So who's the guy for the Bruins?
Oh, Jack Edwards.
Jack Edwards.
He's on the corner smoking crack probably. That's just a joke Jack Edwards. He's got a street corner smoking crack, probably.
That's just a joke, everyone.
He doesn't smoke crack.
Just before the game.
Just rips the bong before the broadcast.
But, I mean, that goal is just like.
It's just how fast he's able to do it.
Exactly.
He also waited for Pui Harvey to get onside, right?
So he's like waiting, going east-west, and just sees that whole boom.
The coolest part was, Biz and I got back.
What night was that?
Oh, that was Thursday.
Was that Thursday?
Yeah, it was Thursday night.
It was Thursday or Friday.
So we were in his room late just watching hockey,
and I took the Oilers.
I got them at plus 460 on the Barstool Sportsbook,
down 5-4 with four minutes to go,
which I thought was kind of a crazy line.
Tie it up with that team, plus
460, so I hammered it. I think I put a grand
on there, and I tweeted it out
right away, and then all of a sudden, to see
them tie it up with that goal, both
Biz and I got up, we're like running around the hotel room.
It was sick. I was more excited
not because of the Battle of
Alberta bet of me shaving my
noggin, but more of the fact
that you hit that crazy line. And that
bet has now been determined
that if they both...
So you tried saying they both had to make playoffs.
If one makes playoffs and the other misses,
that guy wins.
Alright? Okay. I just wanted to clear that up.
How about Sean, when we were in the car to go get
cheesesteaks, they're down, Oilers are down 4-1
and he says to the whole car,
plus 2,000 right now? I love the
Oilers. Doesn't put the bet in.
I know. He said he had to deposit
more money and they were asking for the pass.
Stories of guys not throwing the bets down
but talking about throwing the bets down.
I'm going to talk about throwing the bet.
Oh, I should have done it. No, my
brother called out biz bad yesterday
so I had this pool,
this unreal suicide pool.
You pick a team once, can't use them again.
Just got to pick a winner every week in the NFL.
Huge dough.
And I took the Cowboys, like 500 people in the pool.
No.
So I'm talking about this before the game with Biz driving to my house when we landed.
And he didn't say a word.
And all of a sudden the Cowboys are down 28-0, whatever it was.
And Biz is like, yeah, man.
Hold on. Dude, I looked at those
games. I didn't love that game. And my brother
who wasn't even part of the conversation
calls and goes, dude, you can't be
saying now that the game's over that you
didn't love the boys. Why didn't you say
something to me then? I have animated
features when I went like this in the car
and was like... I'm driving, bro.
I don't see your animated features. Well, then you should look over next time. I should see your this in the car I was like I'm driving bro I don't see your animated features
well then you should look over next time
I should see your nose in the peripheral
what was the worst loss Sunday yesterday
I don't know who you bet on
Buffalo Bills getting beat by Jacksonville
I'm talking as far as going down to the wire and getting dick teased
thinking you're going to win
fucking Baltimore man
I had them down 6.5 they were losing all game
they were fucking pummeled fucking Minnesota late.
Take the seven-point lead.
Fourth and, like, 11.
All they got to do is hold here.
Kirk Cousins gets fucking first down.
They end up going in time.
The worst.
Losing all game, and it was a huge fucking swing band.
It was one of those, like, just sweat.
Sorry to hear about your loss, Hunter.
That's right.
Those are the Vancouver Canucks.
We're going to get a GoFundMe going, all you listeners.
Vancouver Canucks Sunday night, baby.
They bailed me out.
They fucking bailed me out.
He doesn't need to.
He's going to take over Micheletti's job on TNT.
He's a new announcer.
He doesn't need money.
Boys, the Detroit Red Wings.
Wagon.
Fun to watch again.
6-5 and 2 out of the gate.
Not a lot of people would have thought that would happen.
Lucas Raymond, 6 goals, leads rookie scorers, six goals, eight assists. He's got 14 points in 13 games
as of this recording. Only Eisenman, Federoff, and Dutch Riebel, way back in the day, have
had more through 13 games in Red Wings history. This kid is on fucking fire. Mo Sida, a goal
and nine assists in 13 games. Bertuzzi, nine goals already.
He's 15 points in the league.
And if their goaltender tightens up a bit, this team's
going to make it run for the playoffs. And Marit
Sider's goal was an OT against Buffalo,
wasn't it? That was his first goal ever?
Correct. Yeah, that too.
Making big plays, young guy. I will say I love
both the young guys, but my favorite player on that team
is Bertuzzi.
He is awesome.
He walked Darlene.
Poor Darlene. Darlene's got the rollerblades
on lately. What's going on with Darlene?
Holy shit. He's on everything but rollerblades.
Making everybody look like McDavid.
He got no Mike Hoffman stuff. Did you see that clip
of Mike Hoffman? Yeah, it was Darlene
first. So Darlene's out on the ice.
I don't know. Go ahead, Biz. I'm sorry. You were talking.
No, no. I was just going to say Bertuzzi.
It doesn't look like he's going that fast, but he's just got those silky mitts where he's able to dangle guys.
When you talk about speed, I would say he's probably average flight of foot.
Yeah, I don't think he's by any means like a game breaker with his speed, but he's one of those guys that's so smart.
He's got the hockey IQ.
Like Brad Marchand's not the fastest player in the world.
I think he might be a little quicker than Bertuzzi,
but when you're that smart and you're that skilled,
you're just getting areas to score.
And he's also a gamer, too, where he's blocking shots, he'll fight.
Clothesline guys.
This guy is an awesome player that they've found.
And some people don't like him, and we all know why.
He's the only unvaccinated player in the NHL.
Doesn't bother me one bit.
Doesn't bother Stevie why.
You didn't know that?
Doesn't bother Stevie fucking Bongerman either
because I've seen this guy get better and better and better now.
We're nine goals through, what is it?
How many games?
Eight has he played?
Or ten?
He missed one, I think, so far.
Did you hear about the Red Wings?
They hired Joe Rogan as their trainer.
No, I'm serious.
With nine goals, six assists, and 15 points.
15 points.
That was the number that jumped out at me.
I mean, 15 points for this kid.
I don't think a lot of people saw that.
I know it's early in the season, but is he going to hang there?
Oh, yeah.
Either way, he's contributing in a big way right now, Biz.
I forget the name you said.
I blacked out there for a second.
Are you talking about Raymond?
No, he's talking about Bertuzzi.
Oh, no, so was I.
Yeah, I rambled on for two minutes.
Mo Sider.
So that's the 19th first-round pick.
I believe he was sixth.
20, they got Raymond at fourth.
And the best part about everything for the Red Wings
and looking at their team in the future
is their pick this year.
So I talked to a couple guys.
I don't know if it's Simon or Simone, but Edvinson,
he's a Swedish defenseman.
Big guy, 6'4", right?
They took him 6 overall.
He's a big guy.
They looked at Tampa.
They look at the size of the blue line.
You see Sergeyev, Hedman.
You see all these guys.
McDonough, Trucks.
You win with size on the back end.
And that's how they've really approached things.
And they got Sider, who obviously
is already looking like a complete stud.
This kid's playing in the Swedish league right now.
He'll be over next year. They got Raymond.
It is a quick, it looks like
a pretty quick turnaround here
in Detroit. So I think,
well, what? You don't think they're looking good?
That Rohnick kid's pretty good.
I don't think it's been quick. I think it's
finally all coming together. I just don't think it's been quick. I think it's finally all coming together.
I just don't think it's been quick.
I think it's been a little longer.
Okay, so let me ask you this.
Next year, playoffs or no playoffs?
Oh, that's tough. Well, fuck.
I just said if their goaltending tightens up, I mean, Thomas Grease and Nadelkovich,
they should be much better than what we've seen.
They should make the playoffs this year if their goaltending gets better.
We're getting ahead of ourselves.
You guys mentioned the Leafs next year, last last podcast so i figured i'd throw it right back
on you know who do you think detroit makes playoffs in 15 years this i'm sorry no no go ahead
this is a crazy like that this is probably the craziest stat biz i know you just mentioned a
crazy stat this is from at nhl adam k uh 2017 18 theoyotes start the season 0-10-1.
They claim goalie Scott Wedgwood on waivers,
and in Wedgwood's first game, he gets the Coyotes' first win.
Fast forward four years later, 21-22, the Coyotes start the season 0-10-1.
They claim Scott Wedgwood off of waivers,
and in Wedgwood's first game, he gets the Coyotes their first win.
So somebody tried to correct me on Twitter,
but it was only one guy saying that the first time they got him
was in a trade.
Nonetheless, still a wild stat.
If that person was wrong, fuck them.
Here's an even crazier part.
What are you guys laughing at?
Okay, all right.
Well, I'll get back to the other point I was making.
The head coach for both losing teams in that instance was Dave Haxtell.
No.
Yeah, he was the coach of the Flyers at the time.
Oh, I thought.
And then he was coach of Seattle.
Now, mind you, they ended up scoring two goals in the first minute of that game.
And that unbelievable check kid who's been playing for the Coyotes got yanked after the minute.
Vigelka or something?
I can't.
I'm doing Coyotes broadcast and I'm stuttering the thing out.
It was two to one of the three shots in goal.
Yeah, so they yanked him, and that's why Wedgwood ended up going in.
So it was definitely a wild stat, but I figured I'd throw in the Haxtell comment too.
No, absolutely.
And then Arizona also played the Flyers earlier in the week.
It was the first time two players with Ironman streaks of at least 900 games
went head-to-head in a game, Kessel and Yandel.
Interesting.
Yeah, first time ever in NHL history.
So, I don't know, goofy little history.
Our boy Grinnelly slash Quinn Hughes has the fifth most
I sound like Peter Brady tonight
the fifth most assists by a D-man through his first 140 career games.
That's like insane when you think of the history of the NHL.
You've got Sergey Zubov, Stefan Persson, who played for the Islanders back in the 70s,
Mark Howe, Larry Murphy, and Al McInnes.
I mean, this kid is already among these names.
We've been hearing them seemingly for the last two, three years.
We're just saying these kids' names among these stars.
Are they all going to stay on the same trajectory or what?
Man, I don't see anything to think that Quinn Hughes is going to be slowing down
because the way that he skates, and we talked to Connor Garland.
We interviewed him, and he'll be coming out in a couple weeks.
But he says it's like the engine that drives that entire team.
So I tweeted a video of him the other day from a standstill.
I think it was against Kevin Rooney on the Rangers where everyone started chirping.
Oh, when he made the defensive play?
But he had a bunch of steps on him.
And Hughes just chases him down easily by the far blue line, strips the puck.
And so I think that you'd see an offensive quick guy that moves the puck well.
And you don't even think about his defense.
He competes and he's a prick to play
against. So an awesome player that is not
going to slow down in my mind. He closes on guys
quick. So they don't have any time
and space. Time and space. Stick on
puck. And he's smart with his usage
of time. He's not going out there trying to kill
guys and separate them from the puck.
He's an intelligent
mind with insane offensive ability where
I think the defensive side of his game is just overlooked
because of that offense.
And that Vancouver power play, like I said,
they were my bailout specials for the night.
They were unbelievable, man, with the talent level they have
between Pedersen, Bessa, if they throw Garland out there.
And he had a sequence.
He didn't score on busy.
Just how he's so low to the ground, just dotting around.
He's like a little jackrabbit, outrunning something chasing him out there.
Awesome team to watch.
A lot of fun.
A lot of spin around.
That's another reason why these point totals are going to continue, as you mentioned.
Just that core group of forwards.
I think they have a pretty offensive pace to their game.
I mean, it's great.
All these Canadian sites who put these stats out.
Just to see so many young guys, whether it's McDavid or Hughesdavid or hughes or macaw any of these guys they're just doing unreal stuff and troy terry an 11 game point streak it's
the longest of the season so far eight goals six assists for the ducks and another team that's been
doing good uh 15 points in 13 games third in the pacific probably not where a lot of people would
have had them have you seen much of them this year uh not really i i thought they were going to be
junk so i'll probably be tuning in to a few more games.
But that's definitely one guy they needed to step up.
I wasn't sure where it was going to go.
But this year he seems to be kind of driving his own offense and really taking control of his line.
Now, this is one of those teams I'm anticipating a crash where they're not going to be able to sustain it.
There's a few of those teams.
But with the goaltending they got in Gibson, you just never know, right?
You could ride a guy like that.
He's a fucking freaking net.
And I want to say over the last five years,
probably one of the best goaltenders all around if he can stay healthy.
Yeah, and Getzlaff becoming the all-time leader point.
Is it all-time leader for points?
Yeah, all-time Ducks point.
A really cool thing on the ice, a little ceremony where Solani came on the ice
and presented him something because he passed him.
It's a team that I think is surprising a lot.
I'm with you, Biz.
Like, is this going to last?
I mean, Troy Terry, the way he's looked, I understand there's definitely some hope.
Mason McTavish is young, the top three pick this year, I think he was.
So they got young talent.
Zegers, too.
Zegers just looked incredible.
Yeah, and Zegers.
So I think maybe a little bit quicker than people thought.
But in the end, I don't think they get in.
I thought they'd be real bad.
But that division, that's what already you're bringing up.
That division, there's going to be shockers there this season.
You've already kind of seen how it's going to play out.
So we'll see.
Where Vegas sits and where Anaheim sits, nobody saw that even with the injuries.
All right, a few more notes before we get to Matt Molson.
PK, slew bin as he's become known this year.
Oh, my goodness.
This is getting crazy.
15,000 K fine for another slew foot.
They call it tripping.
This one, again, Trevor Segrist.
I mean, you know, the Reeves one we were kind of hemming and hawing.
Then the second one came.
Then the third one. It's like, all right, man right man like what are you doing oh i'll take the l on
this one i was the guy defending them after the reeves incident now i still stick to my guns and
saying that was yeah and it may well have been everything since it's like oh my goodness these
people were bang on this is a reoccurring thing now it's just now like everybody's looking for
this could like how much do you think this could go up to?
What if he's all of a sudden getting fined 50,000 for slew foot?
Money on the board for slew foot.
1 billion.
Why don't they just suspend him next week?
Well, I think that's what you might see.
I mean, if he does another one like that that's similar, that's obvious.
You know, you got to determine at some point.
I mean, 15,000, that's a lot of money for see him doing it they got like video surveillance he's doing it on the sidewalk in jersey he gets the mailman like is there a slew
foot tab on porn hub like oh my god all right oh my god my dick just fell off offended no no my dick
fell off all right uh the new york no, my dick fell off. All right. The New York Rangers, they loaned forward Vitaly Kravtsov to Tractor Chelyabinsk.
Is that how you say it?
I think so, yeah.
The KHL, of course, he was having some pissy fit.
Pissy foot?
Hissy fit?
He didn't want to go down.
I was trying to follow this online.
There's always like a fancy Russian player that a team gets, and they're like,
oh, they're screwing him.
Just put him in the lineup.
And Rangers fans have been barking online for this guy,
and finally they agreed to let him go back to the K.
But guys, come on.
If this kid was good enough, they'd have him in the lineup.
And look how good the team's kicking right now.
Other than getting pumped by the best team in Alberta the other night,
they are humming along right now.
And where is he going to fit in?
He's not going to be in your top six, and don't want to mess up the the role guys that's why they fucking pay
the guys like gujo to come in and and kind of set the tone on that bottom six so there's nowhere
for him to fucking play right now go develop i think fancy he scored some highlight real goals
that have been on the internet yeah like oh my god it's like all right well i'm pretty sure that
they've got a they've got a
they've got a decent enough look at them now with the rangers that if they're willing to send them
back to the khl it's like all right right now it's not working so the fans are like we need this guy
it's like do you don't even know what you're talking about you've seen some toe drags on the
internet i mean if you're gonna act like capri soft you gotta be capri soft if you want to bitch
about playing with the you know the backups in training camp and text the group chat saying, I am
playing with these fucking scrubs, you got to show up and put
the puck in the net. Would you rather be in Hartford or
Tractor Chelyabinsk?
Isn't that a place where they smoke that crocodile shit?
I'd rather be living on the street in Hartford
than in Tractor Chelyabinsk.
And Hartford's a rough town.
Yeah. No, is that the place where they
smoke that crocodile drug? Is that in Tractor?
Crocodile tears. No, that was... Novoc that was, yeah, Novo Kuznets.
All right.
Marion Gabrick officially retired after last playing in the 17-18 season.
He had 815 points in 1,035 games played with Minnesota, the Rangers,
Columbus, the Kings, and Ottawa, of course.
He won the 14 Cup with the Kings where he had 14 goals in 26 playoff games.
Minnesota's first ever draft pick and the highest drafted Slovak ever.
Just a dynamic player with very powerful guys.
You know who I want to compare him to?
Who?
Like a more modern day version of Pavel Bure.
At least in the first half of his career.
Yeah.
Just how explosive he was?
He was so fast.
And he had battled tons of injuries, groin problems his whole career.
I'll never forget.
We were playing in Pittsburgh.
Remember Shane Endicott?
Remember how good he was?
Well, this is a really good prospect for Pittsburgh.
He made the team after the lockout year.
And he ended up spraining his ankle, and he came back,
and he was playing injured, and he never really made it.
But one of the nights in Pittsburgh, he's carrying the puck up the ice and the power play and
gabarit just strips him and right as he stripped him for the breakaway mike yo no no mike yo was
the coach who was the d coach then because it was still edzo i don't remember who the d coach was he
goes uh anyone but him fuck and he just he he absolutely walked either Jocelyn Tebow or Sebastian Caron Trout.
And I just remember, holy shit, this guy, like, because I'd seen him play right before I got into the league.
He was so quick, stronger than he looked on the ice, could out-muscle guys.
He'd get that step on you.
He'd drive the net.
He had a huge year in New York one year.
I think he had over 40 in New York. Yeah, R.A. rolled his eyes when I made the Pavel Bure comparison. He'd drive the net. He had a huge year in New York one year. I think he had over 40 in New York.
Yeah, R.A. rolled his eyes when I made the Pavel Bure comparison.
I'd like to know.
That's because I just said it five seconds before you did.
Oh, really?
Oh, fuck.
Okay, well, I didn't even hear that.
I actually didn't even hear it either.
I thought you, well, I looked at you and you smiled back.
I thought you heard me just say it.
Sometimes I'm thinking of what I'm going to say next.
Hey, buddy, I know.
That's me every show.
No wonder you fuck it. Hey I'm thinking of what I'm going to say next. Hey, buddy, I know. That's me every show. No wonder you fuck it.
Hey, great minds think alike.
I wonder if I thought of it subconsciously because you did mention it.
But just that explosive power.
Like how many breakaways would he get a game?
Like minimum two.
Oh, he always got breakaways.
And the other Gabrick story, we were on the Oilers,
and we played him in an afternoon game
and we were down six, nothing. I think, I think with like 16 minutes to go in the second period.
And at one point, uh, he had a breakaway and Jason Strudwick's chasing him. And I think I've told
this before and Struddy is grinding, just chasing after Gabrick. And he just goes down and buries the horn, the song.
And Strutty, after the game, goes,
we could have skated to China,
and I wouldn't have fucking caught him.
We could have skated.
That could have been a never-ending arena,
and I never would have even gotten close.
So I wish I could get the clip of that.
If you could pull up a breakaway goal against the Oilers
in, like, 11 in an afternoon game.
He was the man.
And he went to L.A., and who knows if they win that. He like 11 in an afternoon game. He was the man. And he went to LA
and who knows if they win that. He was sick
in that playoff. 14 fucking goals in a playoff.
Yeah. Obscene. I mean, obviously
Quickie was unreal and deserved the consummate.
14 tucks that year. They won games
2-1, so that was probably
30 of the team's goals that run.
Yeah, he was unreal. So congrats
to Marion Gabrick on his retirement. I'd love to
get him on here. And we would love to have you on the show someday, man.
He had the sickest whips going into L.A. training camp.
Really?
Oh, yeah.
Just one of those guys that had every top of the line Ferrari.
Let's check out what his career earnings, what your guess is.
I would say that he's got to be at 90 million.
90 million. 90 million.
Look it up, Whit.
I'm looking it up.
You can look it up.
I'm going to move along.
We've got a couple more notes, like I said, before we get over to Matt Molson.
Carey Price rejoined the Canadians on Monday after entering the NHL's player assistance program last month.
96 million.
I'm pretty good at that game.
You are pretty good because you're a money guy.
So welcome back to the league to Carey Price.
Hopefully he's doing good.
Jake Allen, this is an interesting note.
The first Montreal goalie not named Cary Price
to record a shutout versus
the Red Wings since
Jose Theodore on January 11,
2000. Our pal.
That's a long time. That is a long time.
To have that gap.
A couple more here. William Carlson
out 4-6 with a broken foot for
vegas columbus's patrick liney out four to six with an oblique strain the thumb washington anthony
mantha had shoulder i always have struggled this one shoulder surgery after thursday's game versus
florida out indefinitely and arizona defenseman connor timmons expected to miss the rest of the
season with a d injury yeah i think I think the hit was in Florida.
And then somebody came
in and said they hate to fight, but that sucks, man.
That was a big piece for the Coyotes
coming over in that Darcy Kemper trade.
A D-man that we're hoping turns into a top
four guy.
We need some of those types of players.
I hate to see boys get hurt, but we like to make people
aware in case they hadn't heard.
So like we said, we got Matt Molson coming up.
But first, we want to let you know that this interview is brought to you by our friends at Shady Rays.
Just because the cold weather is coming doesn't mean you put the shades away, especially when they are Shady Rays.
They look great and they work better, but the best thing might be the warranty.
Replacements if shades are lost or broken for any reason that means if
you drop in the ocean you leave them on the golf course anything shady rays will replace them you
try that with your high price shades yeah good luck with that sunk even with that strong of a
warranty they still manage to make unreal quality shades that just seem to be as good as any expensive
pair that i've ever won. They're polarized lenses that look
perfectly clear and they start at just 48. Shady Rays also provides 10 meals to fight hunger in
America with every order placed and they have donated over 20 million meals to date. They stand
behind their product and they told our team if anyone has a problem, they throw profit out the
window and do what it takes to get it right.
And again, that warranty, I mean, you lose them, you get no ones.
You cannot beat that.
Also, you get free returns and exchanges.
So you either love the shades or Shady Rays will pay to ship them back.
That's it.
It's simple.
I've been wearing them for ages.
I love them.
They look great.
You should get some too you do that by using the code chiclets for 50
off two or more pairs at shadyraised.com so basically you buy one you get one free and folks
i got 10 pairs of these they're awesome shades get them you will not be disappointed and now
matt molson it's time to bring on our next guest he was taken in the ninth round of the 2003 draft and went on
to play 11 nhl seasons and 650 games split between the islanders sabers kings and wild
and this fall he's heading into his 16th season of professional hockey and his third with the
hershey beers it's a pleasure to welcome to the Spittin' Chicklets podcast, Matt Molson.
Ready for year 16 or what, brother?
Thank you guys so much for having me.
All right.
We'll see how the body holds up.
I feel like my kids only know you're on this show
because they hear, hello, everybody.
And then it's time for the headphones to go on
before they hear any shitty Cindy stories.
Oh, for Christ's sake.
That's what you can't be telling.
But he's TNT now, dude.
So on.
So you're still in Buffalo, right?
How's the team doing?
You making 750 for the Sabres this year?
The old Sabre special.
Did you actually get a degree from Cornellnell did you graduate i did oh i did economics got the andy benad special huh i don't even know what's
economics explain go into detail uh no actually i hated economics and ended up being an economics
major but uh yeah that's what it's in.
Yeah, I wasn't kidding.
I'm actually asking you to explain what economics is.
He's like...
Supply and demand.
You can read about it, Bez.
You'll figure it out.
All right.
I'm guessing getting a degree must have been a big deal for you.
You didn't go to junior.
You did four full years at Cannell.
It must have been your priority then, eh?
Yeah, I was a pretty late bloomer growing up,
and school was always pretty important.
I mean, I probably would have left early, but I just had no offers.
Pittsburgh drafted me, they didn't want me.
So I didn't really have a choice but to finish the degree.
So my memory of Cornell is we played against each other.
We did.
I think it was my sophomore year.
And we were a pretty highly ranked team.
Probably definitely, I would say, top ten at the time.
And if you guys weren't top ten, you were right there.
We go up to Cornell.
Big rivalry.
They have a great  people don't know about college hockey.
Cornell, like, game set up and the crowd is top notch.
It's sick.
They have all these old school traditions.
Matty could tell you about it.
So we go up there.
They had this team, Doug Murray, the mutant.
Steven Bobby was about 6'6".
Ryan Vesey, nasty player from Long Island.
They pumped us six, I think six or five nothing the first game.
Doug Murray knocked out two different people.
The Doug Murray.
He was so ridiculous in college.
The Viking. Jack Parker screaming Doug Murray. He was so ridiculous in college. The Viking.
Jack Parker screaming at us.
He was purple.
I thought he was going to have a heart attack.
Next night we come back, they pump us 4-0.
It was like, and you guys had a great team, and you were just, what, a freshman then?
Yeah, so I was a freshman.
I remember this game because I remember guys were trying to chirp you
because they're like, they got this first-round pick, Ryan Whitney on defense.
This guy sucks.
Bambi i think they're i mean they're they're saying some mean things to them but uh i think it was four two and then like five nothing i don't think we did get a goal i don't
know i don't know if bu has ever been back up to cornell i remember our coaches like they're never
coming back here again parker said they're done. Yeah, because now they play at MSG.
They play a great game.
They pack out MSG for, like, I think a Thanksgiving Day game.
There is an old rivalry, but pretty cool experience up there, huh?
Like, when you went for an official visit, you were like,
oh, I want to be a part of this.
Yeah, it was, I mean, it was a great place to play.
I'm not going to lie, I never took a visit.
I got a call
yeah exactly i got i got a call from i think it was the assistant coach he saw me you see me play
a couple times and he called me up he's like oh yeah we're interested in you and i called him i'm
like okay oh i gotta talk to my dad about school stuff. I called my dad.
I'm like, oh, Cornell's interested.
He goes, call him back.
Tell him we're going.
I go, what?
He goes, call him back.
Tell him we're going.
I'm like, all right.
So I called the coach back.
I'm like, yeah, I'm coming.
He's like, well, you haven't looked at your marks or anything.
I was like, no, it's fine.
I'm coming.
He's like, okay.
I committed right there.
That was it.
And your dad probably knew Ken Dryden played at Cornell, right? Didn't Joe Neuendijk? I was like, no, it's fine. I'm coming. He's like, okay. I committed right there. That was it.
And your dad probably knew Ken Dryden played at Cornell, right?
Didn't Joe Neuendijk?
They've had a long history of having great players and a good school.
He's like, yep, you're taking it.
Yeah.
I didn't even know it was an Ivy League school.
He's like, yeah, it's an Ivy League school.
I'm like, oh, okay.
He's like, yeah, Neuendijk, obviously, Dryden.
Kent Manderville was there.
Brad Chartrand.
So he just told me to take it.
So I committed before even visiting, and then I ended up  my first visit there was at a playoff game against Yale,
and I was like, this was a good choice because the crowd was unbelievable there.
So we got a special friend here behind the scenes,
and you said you didn't sign with Pittsburgh.
You were drafted in the ninth round. You find yourself in the la kings organization and we got how do
you pronounce his name teddy persa teddy persa why do you why do you pronounce his name like that
is there a backstory i don't know no it just sounds fun kind of like i always said yeah it
sounds fun teddy persa he must have been an absolute fucking character. Speak of another late bloomer.
Yeah, definitely.
Yeah, he was a late bloomer going to Maine and then a year in the AHL.
And we just came in as line mates and just pissed all over that league.
Dean Lombardi didn't know what to think of you guys.
These guys, yeah.
What is this, AHL?
Hacking butts with them out in the parking lot before games.
Eating the soggy subs.
Maltz was always the guy that left like five extra.
He didn't put the extra 5 in the cup.
Hey, Potts Light.
Potts Light.
Maltz in.
Maltz in.
There's got to be Maltz in this.
You hit the Cornell and you can't add up the fucking tip?
You weren't tipping the extra?
I was still paying off my loans from going there.
There's no scholarships at Cornell.
I'm paying off my loans. It'd be more like no scholarships at cornell i'm paying off my loan
it'd be like more like where the fuck the cup go who's got the cup i i definitely didn't piss on
anyone teddy was pissing on people i was just a recipient of uh oh yeah i i i say teddy teddy's
the best disher i've ever played with my entire life hey it was probably a good atmosphere though
and i guess i'll throw it to you teddy like that's when they were getting fans like when i play with them they weren't drawing like i remember going in there with wilkes-barre one night and it was probably a good atmosphere, though, and I guess I'll throw it to you, Teddy. That's when they were getting fans.
When I played with them, they weren't drawing.
I remember going in there with Wilkes-Barre one night,
and it was a packed house.
Yeah, we got some fans.
I'd say my first year we got a lot of fans.
With Teddy, we didn't get many.
No, I didn't get many.
Sorry, I guess at that point.
They're like, this guy's putting us to sleep watching him play.
He's playing in a rocking chair. Moultz had 15 or 10 tucks the year before. Then he'd get on his line. They're like, this guy's putting us to sleep watching him play. He's playing in a rocking chair.
Moultz had 15 or 10 tucks the year before.
Then he'd get on his line.
He's like, who is this guy?
He's 40.
Every night he gets one.
So you were his AHL Tavares.
Yeah, and Moultz actually didn't like me.
He didn't like me.
I was Teddy Tavares in the jungle.
Moultz actually.
Make the t-shirt.
Moultz actually hated me as a guy.
He was like, this guy's giving me tappings every
I'll be his friend
yeah I'll pretend
he's cool
Teddy I had one thing
about you Teddy
Teddy would throw up
on the bench
all game long
he sounded like
a dead cat
he was hung
I go
Teddy what's your problem
I was like
I had pineapple juice
before the game
I'm like
why are you drinking
pineapple juice
before the game Teddy you had badass reflux you drinking pineapple juice before the game, Teddy?
You have bad-ass reflux.
Throw up all over the bench, all over your skin.
He's trying to get his vitamins.
I throw up all the time, and I wasn't used to playing that much,
and it was a cover for being so hungover.
The Dean Lombardi darts were catching up to you.
Want to drag, Teddy?
Yeah, okay.
Who else did you guys see come up through the ranks there?
Because I was kind of around the time when things started turning for the Kings.
They started drafting some pretty solid pieces to what eventually ended up becoming the cup teams.
That's a funny thing we talk about is Dean Lombardi brought us in the summer.
Me, Brian Boyle, Teddy Purcell brought us in the summer.
He was like, you guys are the future of the Kings.
All of us were gone within seven months.
Scratch that.
At the time, we're like, man, this Dean guy's a real asshole.
Brings us in, tells us all this.
He tells us to go down and work hard in the minors.
We go down, rip the league up.
We're like, all right.
We go up and get a cup of coffee.
I'll start off pretty good. Boiler had
like four goals in his first eight games.
And they started him as defenseman
the year before. And all of a sudden, they
trade all of us. They needed secondary
scoring. We're like, fuck, we were just doing
that in the minors.
In fact, flash forward, Dean's a
goddamn genius. They get rid of us, they win two cups
in three years. He's like, that's all it was.
See ya, boys. Guy's a genius. They get rid of us. They win two cups in three years. He's like, that's all it was. See you boys.
Guy's a genius.
They're the dead weight.
But you did.
I mean, you must've been a little frustrated.
You had some big AHL seasons.
Then you probably went up and played on what?
Third,
fourth line.
Never got the opportunity to be the offensive guy.
Um,
yeah.
I mean,
I remember that first year,
my first year with Manchester,
I was leading the team in scoring.
I remember calling like my best friend, my family.
I think that year the Kings weren't that good.
I think 15 guys got called up, maybe 10 forwards.
I was leading the team in scoring.
I was like, all right, guys, get ready.
I'm going to get called up.
It's the end of the season.
Nothing.
Really?
Absolute goose eggs.
But, you know, Dean, you got to give credit to him.
The guy always had a plan.
He had a plan for you.
I remember him bringing us in in the summer and, like, telling us,
I mean, even during the year, like, you guys have to go down,
learn how to win, learn how to play.
And that was kind of always his focus was, like,
how are you guys going to play when I bring you up to play against San Jose in the playoffs?
I want you guys to be winners.
I don't want you guys to have it easy.
And, I mean, Teddy might be able to attest to this as well.
It's like, at the time, you're like, this sucks.
But in the end, I look back on it now.
It was just great lessons that he taught me personally,
how to earn it, how to make lessons that he he taught he taught me personally how to how to earn
it how to how to make sure that you're mentally tough and uh that that was a big thing that i'm
very grateful for but i mean it definitely sucked at the time you're in the team scoring and guys
are got like eight ten points they're getting called up so it was it was not fun i would i
would have loved a paycheck then but uh instead of the 50,000, I was making. You got enough of them throughout the years, buddy, and we'll get to that later.
I mean, at the time.
I think I got a 5,000 standing bonus.
At the time, you wanted it, but now I'm very thankful for what he taught me.
Another guy you had a front row seat for.
He only had to play, I think, 33 games in the AHL after a stint in the East Coast League.
Jonathan Quick, was this guy just too good
for the AHL when you were playing with him?
He didn't last long.
Yeah, Quickie's
got an interesting story
of how he went through the ranks. I think
I think Hexie's still knocking
on his door to wake him up
for a goalie practice in Manchester at the holiday inn.
Yeah, he had a few alarm issues, I think, early on.
But I think Quickie will go down as the most competitive human being I've ever met in my life.
And I've had a good chance to be with him, obviously.
Brother-in-laws, we've spent a lot of time together.
That guy competes his ass off.
I've heard you guys talk about it.
Who do you want in a game seven, any goalie?
I'd take that guy right now to this day.
Wow.
I mean, the first cup he wins the cons might.
The second cup, I would argue he played personally better in the second cup.
Really?
I remember watching those games.
They were down, I think it was to St. Louis.
It seemed like every game they were down 2-3-0.
And the other team would have a 2-1-0.
And he would make this unbelievable save and then within
a minute later team would go down make it two one three one and all of a sudden they get momentum
get momentum and he's just it seems like i've talked to guys that uh i'm friends with now that
are you know in management positions and they are like asking me about goalies i go you need a guy who makes this right save at the right time i don't know crap about goalies but you need a guy that makes the
right save at the right time and he he just always seems to have the right save at the right time
and he competes his ass off he i mean if you look at him after both cups he had surgery within
two three weeks after
winning the cup, and he played through both those
things, so
he's a competitor. You speak about
his competitive nature. I think it
trickles off the ice as well, so
he created this pizza
machine in his backyard.
What is it, like a massive oven,
I guess? A pizza oven?
And he wants Portnoy to come by for a pizza review.
He says he makes the best homemade pizza ever.
Really?
Have you had this?
And he calls it something, like Pepe de Pizza or something?
Johnny's a pizza.
Johnny's a pizza.
Johnny's a pizza.
Okay.
Is it that good?
It's unbelievable, but on a drunk level,
I've probably been a 9 out of 9 out of 10.
Everything's good.
He gets your ruin and then he feeds you the pizza.
That's why it's so good.
He's going to hit Portland.
You don't even know if it's cooked.
It is great.
It is unbelievable.
His wife, Jackie, does all the prepping.
So she preps it and she's like, what do you want on it? What do you want on it?
She's hand slicing bacon. She's got hand sliced sausage on there so his wife makes the cheese yeah she's
making minimum wage of johnny's a pizza and he's taking all the credit yeah it should be johnny
and jackie's a pizza but it's johnny is a pizza okay yeah papa john's It's called Papa John's. It is delicious, though. It's delicious.
Good joke, Biss.
And the way you looked, you looked like Papa John's.
Yeah, I was looking around the room.
Ray fucking laughed.
They had a knockoff.
A little courtesy laugh.
Matt, I want to go back.
Before Cornell, we're looking at your HockeyDB page.
One game in the NHL.
Would you get hurt or something?
Lose the rest of the season?
What happened there?
You're scared.
That's the true jungle.
I never got hurt.
It's a good story.
But I never got hurt.
So I played one year junior B in Guelph.
And then I wanted to go play in the BCHL.
So I went out to BCHL, Vernon Vipers.
I went out there to camp. i thought i had a great camp
we had the inner squad game the double hat trick six tucks two fights
we had a couple more games coach told me i wasn't producing i was like all right i just had a double
hat trick in one game i'm like all right so i gotta go a double hat trick in one game. I'm like, all right, so I got to go home.
I call my dad.
I'm like, all right, we got to fly home.
He's like, I'm not paying for your flight.
They've got a flight for you in a week.
I just got cut from the team.
So I had to stay at the Billets for like four or five extra days,
fly out on West Jet, back home, come home.
I land at the airport.
Coach from the NHL team calls me from the st louis sting he goes we have a tournament in lansing you want to play in it i was like yeah i guess
so my dad picks me up we fly we drive to lansing get drive drive right to the game play that one
game i had scored two goals in the first period, broke my skate,
so I was out of the second period.
And then we're going into the third period, and the dressing room is like,
come on, guys, we're 0-2 in the season.
I'm like, this is a season game?
I'm like, guys, I don't get a release or anything.
I can't play in this game.
They're like, no, you're fine.
I'm like, all right, play the rest of the the game so i'm getting dressed for the next game coach comes in he goes ah most
you can't play you don't have a release i was like no shit i told you this i thought it was
an exhibition game i thought i was playing an exhibition tournament it's a season tournament
anyways i went back played for guelph again junior b B. So that was my NHL one game. Decent numbers.
Holy shit.
Pretty good pace right there.
Propelled your career to Cornell.
Thank you, Spencer.
That's actually where Cornell saw me for the first time,
and then they came to Guelph.
Get the fuck out of here.
The one game.
It's crazy how that shit works.
Brent Brekke, he was assistant coach at Cornell.
He saw me there, and he ended up talking to me.
I'm like, yeah, I'm going back to Guelph.
And he ended up coming back to Guelph, seeing me,
and I committed after like five games after Guelph.
Wow, that's fucking crazy how it all works out.
Crazy how things work out.
I guess we can leapfrog to the fact that I don't even know how you ended up
with the Islanders, but you end up there the exact same year John Tavares.
That was his first year in the league.
And what, just fireworks off the hop with him?
That was
a crazy summer.
I was
an unrestricted
free agent because of the new
rule recently where if you're 25
you play less than 82 games.
So thank you, Dean. That's how I got
my one way. Same thing.
Thanks to Dean I didn't play a lot of games in the NHL.
It was unrestricted.
There's always a plan.
There's always a plan, right?
There's always a plan.
So I had actually just moved in with my wife's girlfriend at the time
to Greenwich, Connecticut, which was close to Bridgeport and Long Island,
kind of right in the middle.
and Long Island, kind of right in the middle.
And Johnny got drafted, and I was like, I'd call.
I've known Johnny since he was 12, 13 years old.
He played lacrosse with my brother forever, and then we worked out together at ATC forever.
And I was like, Johnny, I got a couple teams interested.
Obviously, all two-way contracts.
Islanders were one of them.
He's like, you got to take the Islanders.
We'll be great together.
I'm like, Johnny, I don't know if I'm going to be on your line.
I think I'm going to have to be like slugging it on the fourth line to start.
He's like, no, no, we'll be good.
I was like, all right.
So I ended up signing with the Islanders.
And then that training camp, we played the craft hockey ball game in Terrace, B.C.
So Islanders had  we had training camp in Regina, I think, Saskatchewan.
And we played this craft hockey ball game in Terrace, B.C.,
fly out there the day of.
And it is  I mean, we had chicken pasta chicken, pasta, salad, and soupy marinara.
That was our meal.
We go into the game.
It was one of the worst games I ever played in my life.
I was like, I should have just went and tried to get a job on Wall Street.
That's what I should have done.
That was a mistake.
I should have just tried to use my degree, get a job.
Second game, I play in the Saddle Dome.
Kyle Oposo, I'm on the fourth line that game.
Kyle Oposo gets hammered by Dion Phaneuf, Conky.
We have bench-clearing brawl, basically.
The guys are jumping over the boards, fighting.
Matt Martin's fighting.
I think his name is Pascal Morenci.
Oh, yeah.
I played with him with Wheeling Nailers.
I remember him too.
He jumped off the bench.
He was fighting.
So guys are getting booted.
Somehow go from fourth line to power play.
Score on Kiprasov on the one.
I was like, all right, here we go.
Like start to get some confidence.
Score again.
So get two goals.
I think Dougie Waite, Seangenheim both growing both growing injuries that can't they so they
can't play i get put on johnny's line i think i scored every game i played on johnny's line and
then started the season with johnny and kind of just took off from there shit it's crazy how that
you've had a couple instances of just right timing
and everything, which is so true in making a long career,
no matter how good of a player you are.
Yeah, this  I mean, this is what I tell people with kids and stuff.
I mean, I was an idiot.
I always thought that if you worked hard enough, like my dad, I was like,
oh, if you work hard enough, you'll make it.
I was like, yeah, yeah, yeah, let's do that.
It's like complete luck at some point.
Injuries.
I know.
It's just crazy to think about.
I mean, there's so many good players that play professional hockey,
East Coast, AHL.
Even in East Coast, how many good players there are at AHL.
You just need that perfect timing sometimes.
And I've been very fortunate to have that.
Were you pissed they only offered you a one-year deal after that?
After that first one?
Yeah.
After that first year?
Yeah, with the Islanders.
Yeah, so that first year, obviously, I played with Johnny a lot.
And everyone likes to give Johnny a lot of credit.
He did not assist on most of my goals that year.
Franz Nielsen did.
He led, because I remember after this year I had to go to arbitration.
Oh, no.
Small horn, terrible breath.
Guys hate him.
Cornell nerd.
Don't invite him out for beers.
Straight hair, curly teeth.
Yeah, I went to arbitration that year, so I actually went.
I was sitting in the room with the arbitrator,
and my agent, Wade Arnett and Garstow,
ended up going in the hallway as I was sitting in there
and came up with the one year.
That was my first ever one-way.
And it was, I think it was 2.4 million.
The most I ever made was 575 million before that.
So, no, I was not disappointed all right i was like
your old man we'll take it i call him back i was like yep good deal i think i popped a bottle of
crystal that night but no i was not disappointed in in in that run you had which is just an amazing
like few years there where you were getting 30 goals a year you must have really wanted to stay
there when you did finally become a ufa, right? Like, it's only natural.
This has been your home.
This is where you got your chance.
And at some point, though, there's just so much money, you can't really turn it down.
Am I correct in saying that?
Well, correct in saying that. I wanted to, again, I'm an idiot.
I wanted to retire there.
I was like, I want to play my entire career with the Islanders.
It had nothing to do with money. I remember getting so angry at this because there was, like i want to play my entire career with the islands it had nothing to do with money
i i remember getting so angry at this because there was like reports saying oh he wanted this
much i my agent never talked to garcinia one time upcoming to that last year of my deal being a free
agent not one time did they talk about money never i was never approached about it nothing i was just
i got traded i got a call and everyone over at my house for football sunday
and then uh i got a call at 8 p.m after guys left saying i got traded to buffalo and i'm well
garcin was like i garcin was calling me i told my wife i was like garcin was calling we got traded
and she's like how do you know i was like, Garth Snow's calling. We got traded.
And she's like, how do you know?
I was like, because the guy's not calling me at 8 p.m. If I didn't get traded, I'd know we got traded.
Did you get a good line?
Hey, did you get a good line on the game?
Yeah.
Garth is like, we just traded you.
And I was like, to where?
And he's like, Buffalo.
And they were in last place.
And I hung up the phone.
You didn't say nothing after you legit hung up on them i just hung up i was i was fucking pissed as my wife was crying i mean we we
had that says they're falling off that team to this to this day is still tight and i believe
it's because of the group we had coming up during them we were just we were just so tight and they
they've kept it that way.
You had such a good start to that year, too,
six tucks in those 11 games.
And then you go over to Buffalo.
Like, how was the transition?
Were you poopy pants for the first couple weeks still,
given how bitter you were about getting traded?
Well, I didn't sleep not one minute that night i got traded i had a car
pick me up at 4 a.m flew to buffalo scored two that night not a big deal
so i was good and then we i mean i remember ron rolson was a coach and he was mad at one
of my line mates i think it was cody h Hodson. So he benched our whole line for the entire second and third period.
And I was hot.
I was hot as a pistol and he benched us for the second, third period.
And I remember the, the reporter coming up to me, he was like, Oh,
how'd you feel about that? I said, I mean, I was hot.
I'm scoring left and right.
I go, that was the most embarrassing thing I've ever had done to me in my life.
I sat there.
I hadn't tied my skates.
I just had, I was on like a goal and a half game pace right there.
And I got benched.
And then we had a slow year.
Our team wasn't great.
It was tough after that.
I think the adrenaline wore off for me after getting traded.
I want to go back and stick with the Islanders, actually.
Dougie Wade, he was your captain for a few years.
This guy was one of the bigger characters in the NHL at the time.
You must have some good Dougie Wade shit for us.
Dougie Wade.
Dougie Wade is, well, Johnny and JT and I lived in Dougie Wade's guest house
the first year I was with the Islanders.
But Dougie is  I mean, I don't even know if there's any great Dougie Wade stories
because he is just so dry and funny and smart in the moment
that it's hard to have stories about him.
Was he still wearing the blue tux when you played with him?
I went and saw him playing
detroit when i was playing junior and he had the when he was on edmund when he was he was like the
first guy ever to spend the full two minutes on the power play and i think he would be playing
defense and forward yeah he was i mean dougie wade is someone i used to watch him in rock and
sock him i was like this guy's unbelievable he'll cut that breakaway move it was unbelievable
but he was uh no he was he's one of the funniest guys, nicest guys.
Him and his wife, Allison.
They used to have us over for  I mean, obviously over for food a lot
when I wasn't beating up JT in the guest house.
But, yeah, they were an unbelievable family.
And Dougie was a terrific captain,
assisted on my first ever Islander goal.
Set me up.
Were you there when Joel Reckless scored that goal with the Islanders?
The famous interview one?
The famous interview.
I thought you brought that up, didn't you?
Oh, my God.
Well, how about the clear tape on his ankle?
How about the clear tape on his ankle? How about the clear tape on his ankle?
The record.
The record.
He was the nicest guy ever.
Tough as nails.
I wasn't there for that goal.
I was there for the fight when he fought.
Who did he fight?
Riley Cote or Mike Rupp?
When the javelin with the stick completely down the ice?
I don't know if you've seen that.
I think it's Mike Rupp, his gloves.
He does like the, when you're going off, what is it?
What's the ski jump?
The long jump ski.
His gloves go like, whew, straight back.
And they go flying to center ice.
His stick gets javelined down to the other end.
And he fights Mike R up and ends up doing like
a full somersault in the fight over micro i've watched that one a couple times i wasn't i wasn't
there for that goal but the boys the boys showed me that goal in his interview uh pretty shortly
after he got there you weren't happy about going to Buffalo the first time. Then they ended up trading you to Minnesota,
but it wasn't too bad the second time.
Five years times five, going back to Buffalo.
I'm sure that was an easy decision.
Yeah, it was.
I mean, they had Teddy Nolan there, one of my favorite coaches I've ever had.
He's a great human.
Him and Pat LaFontaine was there when I was there the first time.
Obviously, things didn't work out. The Pagoulas were unbelievable, but, um,
I mean, I love, I love, I love living in Buffalo.
Um, obviously I want, I needed to,
I needed to make money for my family as well as a, as a big,
big contract, uh, at the time. But, But, yeah, I mean, I loved living there.
We had a great group there.
Obviously, things didn't work out the way I wanted to.
But, you know, like we said, you go through everything for a reason.
It was a good experience.
Was it you brought up the rookie party of when you were at the Islanders?
I think Whit teed it up for me.
I totally forgot that you were there.
We somehow ended up on this same party bus,
and then you guys ended up coming back to Wayne Gretzky's place.
But I'll say this.
Dwayne Rolison, probably the drunkest guy I've ever seen.
I've heard hilarious stories about him being waffled.
He liked his wine.
You're getting those stories confused.
That was when we were with Tampa.
Very close.
Oh, that's right.
Never mind.
Fuck.
Never mind.
It was Teddy with Dwayne Rawlson.
I was like, nice.
Wayne has every team in the league over.
I think you guys ended up at that after hours as well, didn't you?
Yeah, we did.
I think that's the one you're talking about.
There was one season, legit. I think there was four rookie at that after hours as well, didn't you? Yeah, we did. I think that's the one you're talking about. There was one season, legit.
I think there was four rookie parties that were
Biz, you were on our rookie bus as well.
Yeah, there you go.
Biz was at every rookie party in the league, basically.
I was like, what?
I'm like, what are these rookie parties?
It's just every team coming to town.
I'm like, hey, I can take care of you.
Let's line up this rookie party.
Well, he says it like we ended up on the same bus.
We weren't taking the Metro here. You ended up on our rookie party well he says it like we ended up on the same bus we weren't taking the
metro here we uh you ended up on our rookie party bus you uh yeah we went arizona we went out and
then we went to eat they went out and then it was you and yans both of you on our this is the first
time i ever met you i remember introducing myself to you my my youngest brother-in-law brett was a
big fan of the Biz Nasty account.
You were kind of just starting at that time.
And I remember introducing myself.
And then next thing I know, this guy's on the bus with me.
That's crazy that you ended up on there too.
Teddy.
Teddy could probably tell more Dwayne Rolison stories than anybody.
Yeah, his name was Liquid Rolison.
But, I mean, the year before that, he was 40.
Liquid Duano.
Liquid Duano.
All he did was just get shutouts and brought us all the Eastern Conference
finals and then wore his Affliction t-shirts and had his long hair.
He looked like Splinter.
Hell of a guy.
He can stop the puck, though.
He liked the old wine mouthguard. Kind of like ainter a little bit. Hell of a guy who can stop the puck, though. He liked the old wine mouth guard.
Kind of like a Kriprasov.
The wine mouth guard.
You just go out and get crippled with fans, hack butts, wear the worst clothes,
and just finds a way to stop the puck.
Just every day.
Let him run.
Ride it.
I remember the first time, too.
Hopefully Liquid's not listening to this, but he gets traded to us,
and he's in Tampa.
He's probably 40 at the
time we're at this bar and in tampa and we go out there's before uber so all of a sudden it was
we needed a cab well the cab driver came up hop liquid
like no duane we're going down the street he's like we'll get in cab driver takes off middle of the street and we're there a little bit after hours
he had a beer in his hand
cab took off and Liquid was
not happy
so now he's trying to play quarterback he takes the
beer bottle and just chucks
it up to the cab I mean thank god the cab
was gone the cab was probably
100 feet in front of him Liquid thought he was going to hit it
the beer bottle went 10 feet but but we were like, all right.
This is a good introduction.
We're going to like this guy.
Hey, NBA draft suits, too.
He had the worst suit.
I remember at the rookie parties, I'm like, holy fuck,
what do you need five buttons for?
You're swimming in that thing.
I know.
He could jump off this building here in New York
and land on his feet like a butterfly.
He's like one of those guys that jumps off the mountain
and they turn and they got the wings.
Yeah, the squirrel suit.
Hey, what's up, guys?
Guys
in Edmonton said Liquid Duano, though.
If he hadn't got hurt, they would have won the Cup against
Carolina. I think they're convinced. Remember, they lost him.
He was a horse in
the playoffs. It's like being in that perfect
liquid glaze where you just
got that complete guilty
feeling just riding the coaster, baby.
I think I had a little bit of a liquid
Duano at your Calder Cup party
in Manchester.
You probably came back because you guys didn't end up
clinching it when you were there.
You guys had a run at some point, didn't you?
Yeah, we lost to Hershey.
Oh, of course.
That's why I can't beat them, join them.
Yeah, exactly.
They're paying everybody on one way.
They're like the University of Michigan or the AHL.
They're London.
Yeah, they're smart.
They're smart.
So that's where you're at right now in Hershey?
Yeah, we're in Hershey right now.
Not the kids play.
Beautiful Hershey.
Sweetest place on earth
what's the rule
is it still
you can only have like
four or five vets
in the lineup every game
um
or one Dwayne Rolson
you get one
one vet if you gotta
I don't know
they change the rules
every year
I think it's
there's something
there's like in between
vets now
they're like
I don't even know.
You're like, I'm making more than I was in Buffalo.
It's awesome.
Yeah.
I don't know about that one.
Didn't you live with Ikes when you were in Buffalo for a bit when he was a rookie?
Yeah, he lived with the Molson crew.
Oh.
You took him under your guy's wing?
I did.
I remember I actually.
Just crushing rods in your basement.
What?
Who said that?
I actually didn't know Jack at all.
I never even knew him.
And Mike O'Connell at the Calder Cup party in Manchester,
Mike O'Connell saw me, and it had to be late June
right before the draft.
And he's like, you've got to take this
Eichel kid. If he gets drafted to Buffalo,
you've got to have him live with you.
I was like, alright, I don't really know him.
All I've seen is
his Bud Light video, Buffalo,
I'm coming for you. I was like, okay.
Because Michael Connell's niece was married to Jack's
previous agent. He's like, I'll put you in touch with him. I was like, okay, because Michael Connell's niece was married to Jack's previous agent.
He's like, I'll put you in touch with him.
I'm like, okay.
So, we ended up  this guy was harder to get in touch with than the president.
I was trying to call him.
I was like, listen, it's Matt Molson.
I'm in Buffalo.
You just got drafted by Buffalo.
You could live with me if you'd like
if you don't, hey, it's up to you
it would be a good situation
anyways, we ended up working
it out and he
lived with me, my wife
and the two kids
and we had quite a time
He told the story about running out of gas
on the highway, was that you in the car
with him on the way to the game?
Yeah, absolutely.
I wanted to murder him.
I wanted to kill him.
He told it perfectly.
He told it exactly the way that it happened.
You were flipping, I bet.
Oh, he even said it when he was talking to you guys.
He was like, Matt's a very anal person.
I like to be there very early.
I hate to be rushed. I don't like to be late Like I like to be there very early. I hate to be rushed.
I don't like to be late.
I like to be there early, just relax, have a coffee, a chew,
sit on the training table, watch golf.
That's it.
And we got there probably 30 seconds before 5 o'clock.
And I go, watch this.
This motherfucker is going to score probably two, three goals tonight.
I am going to be a piece of shit.
I went out there.
I sucked.
He scored first shift.
Absolute, like, gets blast one top corner first shift.
He scored another one.
Guy's flying around.
He's like, oh, we should come up this time every game.
I was like, we should have gave you one of the goals.
He should have went to the ref and said, hey, give it to Matty.
Give that one to Matty, please.
Hey, if you have like a 10 a.m. flight, what time are you getting to the airport?
You're like that.
You're the early guy.
Like, honey, we got to leave at 6.30.
He's sleeping at the airport at the hotel the night before.
First class.
Remember, when you're sitting in mint, you get in there pretty quick.
There you go.
Thanks for the deal, Buffalo.
You're okay getting in there too quick. Thank you. you get in there pretty quick. There you go. Thanks for the deal, Buffalo. You're okay getting in there too quick.
Thank you.
I get in there pretty early.
Like when I hear your stories, I feel like my mindset's very similar to yours.
All right.
I appreciate that.
I was going to mention now, obviously, I mentioned to you,
I think your third year with Hershey, you've been in the minus for the last five.
You must like the mentoring aspect of it.
I mean, obviously, the paycheck's a nice tool,
but to be a captain at this stage of your career,
you must like that part of the game, though.
He has all the prospects live with him.
He's like, you and your wife are like Brad and Angelina.
You're just adopting all these kids.
Slumlords from minor leagues.
All right, paychecks in the minors.
Maltz has drank that in nice wine the last three days.
I think I spent
my miner's paycheck in Napa
with Quickie this past summer.
You're a big wine guy?
You won't drink
the yellowtail?
No, absolutely
not.
Let's get another wine.
Molstra brushes his teeth with Caymus.
That's the baby one.
And he gets to go into the big boys, him and Quick.
You want to come over and hang out and drink wine with us?
I'm like, no, I can't afford it, boys.
I want to answer R.A.'s question first.
I'd like to answer R.A.'s question first.
Okay, sure.
No, R.A., I mean, I love it.
I think, I mean, the way I was brought up was always, you know, I mean, I loved to grind.
I think I had to grind to get where I was.
you know I mean I love to grind I think I had to grind to get where I was I mean I think my dad instilled hard work in me my my wife was a hard worker she worked on Wall Street for a little bit
so it was I love the grind I love I mean last year was my first year as captain since my senior
year at Cornell so it was my my kids announcing on the board.
I don't know how my wife and kids kept it secret,
but the coach, Spencer Carver, ended up arranging it
where they announced it on the Jumbotron during a practice.
And I don't get too emotional, I think, usually,
but I was pretty teary-eyed.
But, I mean, I love the young kids, playing with them.
They keep me feeling young.
I love helping them out.
I think I'm in a unique situation where I can play in Hershey on an AHL
contract.
I've been through the NHL, been through different experiences.
And I always try to tell them, like, listen, I know, I mean,
you guys know how it is when you're in the minors and you're trying to make it
to the NHL.
There's that friendly competition,
maybe sometimes not friendly competition where guys are trying to make it up
to the NHL.
And it's tough to talk to guys.
A lot of jealousy.
Yeah, a little bit of jealousy.
And I try to tell them, like them like listen I've lived my life
playing in the NHL I'm here to try and win a Calder Cup that's why I'm here I've been to a
lot of cup parties none of them my own but um you know that's why I came to Hershey and I try to
tell these young guys like if you need anyone to talk to or ask about hockey talk about how to you
know different things learning about things
to get to the nhl i'm in a situation where i'm not trying to beat you out of a spot uh so to speak
i'm here to help you i'm i'm here to trust you good yeah i want you to worry about this old man
don't worry i'm not going to adopt you but
so it's fun to have that
and even when I was in Ontario I had
Matt Luff he lived with
my family as well
yeah the Gucci belt
man
he fucking signed a contract he must have bought
every god damn designer belt
after his junior year he comes in
every time he's got a suit on he's got the Louis he's got the Gucci he he got after his junior year he comes in every time he's got a suit on
he's got the louis at the gucci he's got the fendi is every every designer but you had a question
yeah well i was just wondering like it seems to be a mentor and do what you do now like you just
also gotta love the game and is is it a like an approach where i'm not i'm gonna play until i
can't get a contract or are you just really taking it year by year right now?
Would you ever go to Europe at some point?
Like are you just going to just do this Brady thing?
AHL jumbo Joe.
I said I was going to play as long as Brady played,
but I don't think I can keep up with that guy.
So I think the years are definitely dwindling down.
I originally said year by year.
I mean, I said my first year in Hershey was going to be my last one.
And then we had one of the best teams I ever played on in my entire life.
We had COVID, no playoffs.
Last year we won first place, no playoffs.
So we'll see what happens this year.
But I think this might be the last one.
I will remember
you.
If you will
remember me.
Sorry.
I just like to do that.
How much has the travel
improved? I mean, you first played with the Monarchs back
06, 07. Here it is 14,
15 years later. Is it much improved?
Is it similar?
What's your opinion? The busts are still shitty and the
subs are still sad.
But I still ain't
tipping in the cups.
Hershey, we got catered meals
after every game.
On the road?
Hershey does it right, dude.
That's a nice arena, too.
Is it still Giant Arena?
Oh, there used to be this fan behind it.
But they had bad, they didn't have a lot of fans when I was playing.
Oh, they had this fucking fan behind the bench that would just chirp all,
the most, and they wouldn't kick him out.
It was fucking nuts.
Is that guy still around, just yelling at players?
Jimmy Galante, it's where he learned.
Home arena advantage, I don't know.
But, I mean, RA, the worst travel I ever played in my life is in Ontario.
That was the worst travel.
Flying.
Yeah, you rocked up there, man.
Flying southwest.
Jesus.
Middle row, cattle call.
You're only paying 60 taxes?
Level four boarding.
Middle row while the rookies sit on the aisles.
I just had a little bit of a block.
But recovered because you played with another great, not just Jack Eichel,
Ryan O'Reilly before he was traded out of Buffalo.
Tough trade.
That's a backbreaker.
Give me an honest opinion when you saw that trade.
Well, I tweeted when he won the cons might i kind of trolled him a bit i said oh i think my my tweet was like congratulations ryan o'reilly st louis blues
hashtag wouldn't have traded that guy or oh you might want to keep that guy or something. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Whoopsie-daisy. I mean, that guy, I mean, Snook is, he's, obviously,
I got along tremendous with him.
He's an unbelievable guy.
And his brother, Callahan.
Just great, great Irish boys.
They know how to have fun and work hard.
And they both tremendously skilled.
But, like, Snook was
Why do you call him Snook?
Well, his parents had a foster home when he was growing up.
Him and his brother were growing up.
They had a foster home.
And there was a lot of Ryans that came through the house.
So I think it's actually Snook, S-N-O-O-K, is Irish for Ryan.
Oh.
Because there were so many ryans
in the house that they called ryan snook so he uh yeah he that guy he's first on the ice last
off the ice every single day and just uh tremendous person were you aware of the relationship between
him and his father and how he would help him with like the mental aspect of like all of it like
his father i think he's he's a's a, is he not a sports psychologist?
Yeah. He was, he was sports psychologist for San Jose at the time.
I don't know if he is with the Sharks anymore. I don't,
I don't know if he's still there, but yeah, cause I was, I mean,
I was going through some dark periods there in Buffalo and he,
he definitely reached out to me. He's's like if you want to speak to my dad
you can speak to my my dad he can he knew I was going through some tough times and uh
yeah he reached out to me and told me to to talk to his father if I like so he was uh he was he
was always there for you if you needed probably probably got his father a shitload of business
from Buffalo from a couple years ago.
Yeah, fuck.
He's still like,
I can't take it anymore.
I don't need to talk to you, Dad.
This place is driving me crazy.
He's like, I'm booked up.
Dr. Melfi with a million Tonys.
I'm booked up solid.
I actually got the fucking GM
and the whole fucking,
yeah, the front office
scheduled for this whole next week.
The guy driving the Zambonis
calling for an emergency meeting
at midnight.
Yeah.
Team pilot.
Oh, Moles.
After the game, whenever it is, you're looking at coaching, general management,
front office, some aspect of what?
Are you even thinking about that again?
I always, honestly, since I was younger, probably like my teens,
I always wanted to be a GM.
That was kind of like always my thing.
I mean, I know there's a lot of hard work that goes into that.
Like I said, I like to grind.
So I might be grinding it out off the ice trying to get that dream eventually.
But I think that's what I kind of foresee.
You just grind it out.
You start as a scout.
You keep moving your way up.
And when you look at it, when you retire from hockey,
if you're 40 years old, which is ridiculous if you do play that long,
it's so young in the world of being on the hockey op side, right?
You can become a GM when you're 60 years old.
So I would assume nothing less now.
You have to be one.
You called it out on chicklets.
Well, I think the only thing holding me back is
golf i also dreamed of being a scratch golfer so i'm trying to get there as well
join the fucking club buddy but you gotta actually practice where do you spend the summers
uh greenwich oh no shit yeah so i'm at a sandwich sandwich country club it's called
all right we'll get a sandbagger lined up.
He's at sandwich.
You're at old sandwich?
Sandwich.
Sandwich.
Oh, sandwich.
I'm at old sandwich.
I'm at moldy sandwich.
I'm like you.
I'm AHL's postgame.
Teddy, you've got to have some stories about this.
I was going to say, Teddy, we've got to tell the story about when we got called in to the mark
morris's office first off after the game and then dean came down the next day no yeah i mean i i
kind of blocked that out of my mind i had ptsd for so many years okay i'll tell you tell me if
you got anything to to add to this because i when i think of you there's a couple stories I think of but this one this one I remember the most was I think was me Brian Boyle and Teddy on the line then we were
buzzing but no no we were buzzing usually we played this game well I was I'm my guy what about
you guys I was rookie of the year what'd you you get? Teddy, we lost 6-0.
Hey, he was even.
He got off in time for the minus.
He sprinted to the bench with a back check,
and he Superman dove in by Mark Morris.
No shots, nine turnovers, even.
I don't think we were on for a goal whatsoever.
We weren't on for a goal so we lost
six nothing i think we got benched for the third period so we we get in we get into the dress
remember danny taylor our goalie yeah yeah hot soup so that's it so danny taylor is in that
so me and you are getting undressed mark morris calls us in. He goes, get undressed.
You're not going to work during the game.
We're going to work after the game.
So we're like, all right.
So me and Teddy, just the two of us, that's it.
We lost 6-0.
Me and Teddy get signaled in.
So we get called in.
He goes, you guys, we get undressed.
We're like, all right, we're here.
He's like, get on the bikes.
So we go on the bike, and Scotty Pellerin sat five feet from the bikes watching us bike.
I got on, like, level 10.
I'm bagging myself.
Then he's got on level one like he's going through Central Park.
Just kicking it.
I was just going for a cruise in Manchester in a dark room.
I thought he was on the Manhattan Beach boardwalk.
And so we bike.
And we bike for 30 minutes.
Scotty Powell runs like, you guys are done.
So we're like, all right.
We go in there.
And Teddy's like, oh.
Did you bike hard?
I was like, yeah.
I was bagging myself.
I was like, oh, I didn't really bike hard.
I'm like, all right, whatever.
Next day, Dean Lombardi comes down.
We talk about lessons. So Dean Lombardi comes down. We talked about lessons.
So Dean Lombardi comes down the next day.
I was like, oh, God, Dean's down.
He's definitely calling us in.
Teddy's like, no, no, we're fine.
I'm like, he's calling us in.
So we get in there.
Me and Teddy sitting side by side.
Dean Lombardi's got his feet kicked up on the desk.
We probably sat there for 10 minutes.
No words.
No words said.
Me and Teddy looking at Dean. Dean looking at us.
Nothing. Just a stare down.
Stare down. I can't believe
Teddy wasn't like, how you doing, Dean?
You didn't break the ice, Teddy?
I didn't brush my teeth or get the
bug out of my mouth the night before.
I just actually held my breath for 10 minutes.
He passed out.
If he was going to me i was gonna get
into free diving after that yeah i was gonna get into free diving so we're staring we're staring
down dean i'm staring at him dean's like no i called you in here and me and teddy look at each
other i'm like oh what do you think teddy he's like i don't know what do you think i was like
i know we didn't work hard and dean's like no and teddy's like we didn't compete dean's like, I don't know. What do you think? I was like, I don't know. We didn't work hard. And Dean's like, no.
And Teddy's like, we didn't compete.
And Dean's like, nope, that's not why I brought you in here.
So then we just stare at him more.
And probably it felt like an eternity went by.
He's still staring at us.
He's like, I'll tell you why I fucking brought you in here.
You guys lost 6-0.
You didn't tap the goalies on the pads.
Teddy looks at me.
I look at him.
We're looking at each other.
I'm like, all right.
So he's like, you two fucking college hot shots.
You guys think.
And he probably went on for 10 minutes just giving it to us about how we thought we were better than people or whatever.
So we leave the office.
Next game, I think Teddy and I were on the ice with six seconds left,
skating down, tap on the pads, tap on the pads.
Yeah, we're sprinting down.
We stopped in front of the goal, we sprayed them.
I think we probably lost six and nothing the next night too,
whacking their pads.
Had to get new pads the next day.
They're worn out from us trying to get them in there.
Yeah, baseball.
A couple of little bit sluggers.
Just baseballs.
Good job, Danny.
You got the glow sticks
out to make sure he sees you.
We're dancing around
Danny Taylor
and poor guy was just like
dying.
Great job, great job.
The sparklers.
Yeah, and I was like,
is this embarrassing too?
Because Danny Taylor
is about to go around
to the East Coast
in about 10 seconds
as soon as he gets in
and we're just whacking his pads.
Good job, buddy.
You're the man.
Oh, my goodness.
I'll tell you what.
To this day, I get off every single period after the game, I tap the goalie on the pads.
And I think they appreciate it.
Dean, he did so much for me, and I think he's an incredible hockey mind.
A little bit nutso in the sense of they would show up in match
and they would be in one of the boxes and the lights would be turned off.
Yeah, mental game warfare.
Oh, yeah.
Hey, the brass is here.
The brass is here.
And there was like six of them.
They want you to be a little scared.
They want you to be on edge.
Oh, absolutely.
O'Connell, the one who traded Thornton.
What's his first name?
Mike O'Connell.
Yeah, Mike O'Connell.
Yeah, he was one of the guys there.
So, I mean, they had an unbelievable brass
and obviously they understood how to draft
and develop well but it was just
a different level of intensity
and I'm sure a lot of pressure on the prospects
yeah I think
you know Dean
obviously plays some games
with guys and
tries to teach them lessons
but the one thing he does teach though,
he always gave the team credit card to the team and said,
but his rule always was make sure everyone on the team had to be there.
So it was always a team thing where we'd go to, what's the place?
What was the place called?
Manch Vegas?
It was across the street. Was it Manch Vegas? It was across the street.
Was it Manch Vegas?
No, it wasn't.
We just all called it that.
Hey, when we were in Ontario, we ended up asking for the card,
like leadership group.
We ended up going out to the
Fighting LA.
We did.
We took a fucking bus in LA.
We ended up going to one of the fanciest restaurants,
and then we went to one of the fanciest restaurants and then we went to like one of the night,
One Oak there.
Oh, yeah.
I think we were at
19 grand for the night.
Oh, they were.
Did he say anything?
Oh, yeah.
He was thinking like
maybe four G's.
I think, I think,
I think they were like,
you guys are done with the car.
I was like, hey, fucking.
We went out hard.
Hey, as Teddy would say,
I'm my guy.
Hey, guys, I'm retiring.
I didn't get, I didn't end up
getting a
retirement gift
that was probably why
because I just
dumbed me
hey but free air miles
for the fucking owner
who's the owner
in LA
Anschutz
what's he worth
seven billy
he doesn't even
know he owns a king
what do you got about it?
I mean, that was a pretty good Teddy story.
You got any Molson stories?
Did you, Westy, and Bud live together in that house?
No.
No, that was Quickie, Westy, Bud, and I think it was just them three.
No, Maltz was good for me.
Like Maltz said, he went on the bike after.
He was nervous that we've got to work hard after the game.
I'm like, they're going to give me the night off.
I'm second in the league in scoring.
I'm going to take this work off of him too.
There's a lot of games.
We've got a four and five here coming up in a couple days.
Rest is a weapon.
Oh, Riney.
So I was
Hey, nothing bigger than that game we played in Maine though.
Oh, that was a good one too.
We'll go back to that, but you were just about to tee one up.
Yeah, just to
Yeah, we were just teeing up.
But I was just going to say that Motes was like
even though we were only a couple years in age and we kind of came in
he was maybe a year before me.
I was kind of a college guy.
Looked up to him because he kind of kept me on the rails a little bit of
this is actually what a pro is.
And, like, this guy works out.
He was jacked.
He's got a great body.
Still does. His wife, Le out. He was jacked. He's got a great body. Still does.
His wife, Leigh, she's so lucky.
But he'd work out after games.
I'm like, what are you doing?
But anyways, we became buddies.
Obviously, you play together on the ice.
You bond it.
But there's one story that we were at Westy and Quickie's house,
and it was like a Tuesday.
And the boys were like, oh, we've got practice tomorrow.
I'm like, Jesusesus christ we practice every
day we don't play till friday like like this is this is where you're gonna make memories i think
of drinking with your buddies and hanging out and i remember the guys like bet me it was like you
drew bagnell there was a potato i mean this thing was like the size of that golf cover head raw
potato and they're like if you eat this raw right now not throw up we'll stay up and drink with you so i started eating like an apple it was done in 20 seconds or whatever and not 20 seconds
probably 20 minutes i didn't throw up we kept drinking and to like to this day we still laugh
about that story but because of that we all stayed up drinking have way better stories and became
tighter that's true and to this day 15 16 years later still talk about stupid shit like that and
remember our first couple years like how much we all met to each other.
So that was pretty fun.
That's a new fee right there.
Oh, that's a new fee.
He crushes a full potato and has 300 drinks.
He would actually eat this golf head cover.
To hang out with the boys for longer, Teddy would eat that.
He would have ate this leather golf head cover.
I know.
Spin Chickens didn't even invite me to come over.
I offered to eat that whole head cover to be able to do this sandbag we're going to do in the next couple of days.
Oh, yeah.
You were getting one at one point.
We were saving Teddy for Bugsy, but we couldn't get Bugsy here because he just moved to Florida.
Bugsy.
Yeah.
Teddy.
Well, I owe Teddy my marriage, too, because Quickie's wife, girlfriend at the time,
she brought up her sister to Manchester, and Quickie was trying to set her up with Teddy.
We went out.
Teddy was puking all over himself.
So I ended up talking to her, and now we're married.
Get the fuck out of here.
That's a teammate.
No wonder you got the MVP.
That's all I do.
I kept setting people up.
You're an Apple man.
You're an Apple guy.
I know.
Someone tried to set me up.
I'm like, no, I'm going to do that tomorrow night.
I'm the Apple guy. Best set-up guy I ever had. Teddy, do you remember where you threw up that Hey, you're an Apple man. You're an Apple guy. I know. Someone tried to set me up. I'm like, no, I'm going to do that tomorrow night. I'm the Apple guy.
Yeah, exactly.
Best set-up guy I ever had.
Teddy, do you remember where you threw up that night, too?
Westy's Closet.
Westy's Closet.
And then Westy looked at me.
He goes, why'd you throw up in there?
I said, do you have eyes?
Look at your clothes.
These are rotten.
Doing you a favor, Westy.
Doing you a favor.
Yeah, get some new stuff.
Is this Kevin West guy?
Yeah.
Oh, a tough son of a bitch.
Oh, and the sweetest guy ever, too.
But it just, like, came to me so quick.
I was like, this guy's going to beat the shit out of me.
We were both rookies.
And he was like, why'd you throw up my closet?
Look at these outfits you're wearing.
Yeah, holy fuck, man.
He went to Princeton.
He had these jabots.
I'm in Princeton.
Teddy.
Oh, my.
So Teddy was hanging around with some pretty smart guys.
Because I know he went to Princeton, you went to Cornell.
Yeah, Westy's parents, Teddy, they're like world-renowned veterinarians, no?
Yeah, and his brother's a doctor, too.
Westy had surgery on his hand, and he wanted to be awake for it to learn.
He was going to be a surgeon before he started playing hockey.
No way.
He's like a genius.
Their family's brilliant.
Didn't he marry Bill Cowher's daughter?
Yeah, Lauren.
Yeah, she's a sweetheart, too.
Oh, Sergeant Slaughter?
Yeah.
Remember him spitting in players' faces?
He was fucking nasty.
What's that old movie where the football players...
The Program.
The Program.
What?
Oh, dude, Latimer, dude.
Latimer, Latimer.
The Program's an all-time great sports movie.
All-timer.
I put it on the bus for thetime great sports movie. All-timer.
I put it on the bus for the Youngfellas last year.
Hello.
Hello, everybody.
All right, you got to have a couple more teed up, no?
It's funny you just mentioned that.
So, like, when you're on the bus, who decides who watches what?
I mean, do they defer to you as the captain or just someone else? Ted Lasso.
Someone else, the social media director?
They took a time machine and watched Ted Lasso.
I mean, i love your
new movie choices i feel like they're kind of in line with mine and your music i love your your
music choice as well my middle name my dad named me after keith richards no right so my middle
name's keith so the fujis are nowhere even close to the room i I took the app. Yeah, Fizz took an online beating for that. Yeah, I saw that one.
But, no, I think, I mean, our equipment guys and trainers usually have a bunch of movies.
I mean, rookies, it's not the same as it was.
I remember my first year in Manchester, me and Gabe Gauthie would be going to blockbuster getting like 15 movies taking like
90 hit on it for the late fees that because you had you only allowed new releases for two days
and god forbid you brought not a new release onto the bus but now it's
i mean now it's kind of just whatever goes. It's all like the Kevin Hart bullshit.
I'll say this, R.A., because we've got a bunch of junior kids listening to us.
You should do recommendations for these bus rides.
Because I know looking back, I know even when I was in Ontario,
not to chirp backy, he would have some tough movie choices.
I think he was a big Kevin Hart guy.
But I would have loved to have watched all the classics while I was on the bus
because I was always in love with them.
And we hear all the time these young kids that haven't seen Slapshot
or they haven't seen Youngblood or these classics.
It's like someone's got to show the way.
I would say 99 of my Hershey Bears team has not seen Slapshot.
I wouldn't draft a kid if he'd never seen Slapshot.
Was the second Pat Bowles?
They haven't seen Slapshot
or even know what Youngblood is.
These kids are so young.
Their parents probably don't even let them watch the movies.
They're just like, no, guys.
They're living it out, crushing the bill at mom's
just like the kid in Youngblood.
My son just turned eight.
I'm thinking I'm showing him Slapshot.
Miss McGill?
You have one more?
Actually, I was still shooting
the breeze here. Do you watch a lot of the NHL? I know
obviously you're busy with your day job, but do you make
time to watch? Do you even pay any
attention? Obviously, growing up
in Toronto, I think
the Leafs, I still bleed
blue and white.
I watch them a lot.
Follow the Sabres.
I'll post those.
One of my best friends in life.
To the bottom of the ocean.
What did you say?
You said I follow the Sabres.
I said, yeah, to the bottom of the ocean.
They're going to fall in that same crack that the Kraken fell in in the Vegas pregame after they burnt the thing.
That's just Buffalo just sinking to the bottom.
But you're going to watch them.
I watch a lot of games.
Well, you said you have aspirations of being a GM.
Obviously, if you're a GM, you've got to figure it out.
Who are your teams this year?
Who do you think is going to win it?
Who are your favorite guys to watch?
Maybe some names that people wouldn't expect.
favorite guys to watch maybe some names that people wouldn't expect well one that you said that i think hopefully getting a chance as the season goes on i had i didn't get to watch the
game last night so i had a point was bunting i think it's gonna have a big season um i think uh
i mean i think the same teams are gonna to be good all the time.
I know you guys were a little hard on Washington.
We'll see how they do.
Oh, they're going to fucking kill it.
Oh, the parent club.
He's got to protect the parent club.
He's not in chocolate land.
Don't forget about the Caps.
They're going to make me look like a buffoon.
I think they're going to fucking work that division.
They looked awesome last night in the opener.
Yeah.
I mean, the same teams are good every year.
It's no mistake.
You got, I mean, Vegas, Colorado.
I think, well, Sean, he's scouting for Florida now.
So I've got to plug them too.
Is he scouting now?
Yeah, he's the West Coast Pro Scout for Florida.
Yeah, Sean Backman, he was the team DJ.
Great third liner.
He would get bumped up to second line, and he helped me win a Calder Cup.
Awesome guy.
He had to retire because of concussions, correct?
Yeah, bad noodle.
He got hit pretty dirty in Germany.
Who's the guy?
I'll fucking get him.
He did enough for me.
I'll fucking get him.
I'll club him, give him the monocle.
Go ahead.
Sorry, yeah, I was going to say, I mean, you look at the guys Tampa has,
Basilewski, Point, Hedman, Kucherov,
I don't think you ever count those guys ever,
no matter who's on the wrestling team.
I agree.
I picked them last year.
I don't know.
We haven't done our picks yet.
We've got to do that.
But we appreciate you coming on, man.
You've had a hell of a run.
To see you continue to do that, playing at the AHL level,
love of the game, and helping kids out, it's pretty awesome. You should be very proud of the career you've had a hell of a run. To see you continue to do that, playing at the AHL level, love of the game, and helping kids out, it's pretty awesome.
You should be very proud of the career you've had.
Yeah, I appreciate it.
I want to thank you guys a lot for having me.
I know my wife, Alessia, and son, George and Mila,
are happy you guys gave me the invite because they're big fans.
Yeah, they're not allowed to listen, but you buy a shirt for them.
Yeah, they don't listen to Dirty Stories,
but they got all the gear.
What Dirty Stories are you talking about?
My daughter, Mule, and George,
they're R.A.
He's their favorite.
R.A., maybe a custom intro.
For the Molson family.
Maybe a goodbye, everybody.
For the kids. Maybe a goodbye. All right, thanks so much for the Molson family? Maybe a goodbye, everybody. For the kids.
Maybe a goodbye.
All right.
Thanks so much for joining us, Matt.
We appreciate having you, and goodbye, everybody.
Big thanks to Matt Molson for joining us.
Great chat.
Love the guy.
Still loves the game, getting it done, being a mentor to all these minor leaguers.
And Teddy as well for helping us on the interview.
Little tummy stick action going on.
Absolutely. Got to get the action going on. Absolutely.
You got to get the tummy sticks out.
Well, we did listen to our followers.
They were asking for a glove collaboration,
and now it's finally here.
Watson Gloves, Time Spitting Chicklets,
Winter Glove Collection,
biz the glove guys back,
and you're crazier than ever.
They actually gave me another budget
to make another commercial.
Oh, boy.
Oh, baby.
So, me, Pasha. Well, I'm the only one smoking weed,
so me, Pasha, and my buddy Jeff Jacobson,
we get together and we get the green light
that we're going to do a Watson Glove collaboration.
So I'm sure most of you who are listening saw the first one.
They let us bring it off the rails a little bit,
so we tried to push the limits again.
We got rejected on a few of our ideas, some of which they gave the okay to.
So on Wednesday, we have the second ever Watson Gloves commercial coming out,
including the collaboration of the gloves.
So the first time, it was just to promote all the gloves that they'd already had.
But we made a special edition of a regular leather glove.
We have the ODRs, which is an outdoor, if you're going to play on the rink type of glove.
And then we have the ski mittens, which there's going to be some Pink Whitney in there.
There's going to be the NBD.
Great for snowboarders.
Great for snowboarders.
So we got some great product coming out with the Watson Gloves Company.
And I want to really thank them for allowing us to push the limits on this
next commercial and you know it helps me learn a little bit i mean we you know we we think of all
the ideas we put it together and then we go on the one day of shooting and we we try to orchestrate
this commercial and we hope you guys like it and uh well you guys it's incredible it's incredible
you guys will be i've only seen the trail you guys be the judge i know there was a good feedback on
the first one hey maybe this one crash and burns, but you'll see.
And Watson Gloves, they have gloves for anything, quality since 1918.
Give them a follow on Instagram and check out their website at www.watsongloves.com.
Shop at both store.barstoolsports.com and storeca.barstoolsports.com for our Canadian friends.
Do grab a pair of Watson gloves times chicklets gloves today.
Get that done.
Unbelievable quality, very well-priced,
and you mentioned they've been around for like a couple hundred years.
Yeah, over a hundred, yeah.
All right, boys, a couple last notes here.
We didn't get to this last week.
We ran a little bit long, but we want to give a huge congratulations to the equipment manager for the Boston Bruins right across
the street here. Keith Robinson worked
his 2,000th NHL game
last week. We like to
give these guys as much love as we can every time
these pop up. We like to recognize it.
So congrats, Keith. That's
a huge milestone. What's the record
you guys know? I think there's a couple guys
with 2,500. I would
say over that. I would probably say, yeah. I think there's a couple guys with 2,500. I would say over that.
Yeah.
I would probably say, yeah.
I think maybe the Montreal Canadiens guy had 3,000 recently. I think he's done after this year, actually.
I'm going to hit up Frosty and find out.
PJ Stock, who's in the room, just gave the thumbs up, so he knows.
Pekka Rene's number 35 will be the first jersey in team history
to be retired on February 24th of 2022 for the National Predators.
Well-deserved is right. Awesome career. Great job. Got it done. in team history to be retired on February 24th of 2022 for the National Predators.
Well-deserved is right.
Awesome career.
Great job.
Got it done.
Biz, I know we put this down last week.
Seattle, instead of doing a traditional dead fish toss,
they've been posting this like after the game of salmon,
but it's like a stuffed salmon, salmon, however you want to say it, salmon.
And I guess the players sign it. You saw the clip of it, right?
Yeah, I mean, I just, I don't know.
I think it would be funner if it was a real salmon that you could bring home and you could filet and cook it up.
You know, you get a little souvenir as opposed to this big piece of pot.
You think a lot of these guys are going to take this thing home
and cook it at their house?
I think they would if they got it.
You think these NHL players aren't going to go to a sick restaurant
or go to the supermarket?
They're just going to take one from the arena ice that was on the gross, sharpened, skated on, spit on ice,
and they're going to go cook it?
Well, they never put it on the ice.
They just bring it out.
It's handed to the star of the game.
Oh, I thought they threw it on the ice.
No, it's like a stuffed salmon.
The player comes out and throws it out to the crowd.
I mean, a seafood tower would be a nicer gesture.
Get the crab legs on there.
The snow crab.
A couple of mussels.
Slurping in some oysters.
Or oysters, yeah.
Did you see they also do the Tanev cam?
Have you seen that?
They have the Tanev picture when he's all wild-eyed, and they have the fans in the audience
do it.
If they're all geeked out.
So the crackheads go nuts, and they all do the Tanev look.
Yeah, the literal crackheads are looking pretty good.
So I just figured since there's a nice fish market in town, they'd be able to get a nice fish to throw in the crowd.
I think they would appreciate that more.
A little sushi at the game.
The AHL team next year is going to be starting in the Coachella Valley.
The Coachella Valley Firebirds, they're going to be doing business.
And Palm Springs.
What a great spot for a team.
Oh, my God.
A lot of senior citizens there.
The nightlife's not, like, off the chain.
If you like golf.
That would be a good spot.
They have that division that's already got, I believe, eight teams now.
You've got Stockton, Bakersfield, Ontario, San Diego, Tucson, Henderson,
which is seven, and then there's eight, Palm Springs.
If you're playing minor league hockey, man,
there's a lot worse places than the American Southwest
hitting those pit stops.
Our pal Alan Walsh, you know, he's not one to shy away
from making bold statements on social media.
He called for Gary Bettman's fire and said his time is probably over.
Yeah, I mean, probably not.
But either way, is this an agent just ruffling feathers,
getting talking going?
Because Bettman's not going anywhere, let's face it.
He doesn't leave until he retires.
I would say probably since other than lockouts, where, I mean,
that's criticism where he's just taking the owner's word, right?
Yeah, par for the course.
I would say this is probably the worst I've seen the anger towards him
since I've been following the league and he's been in charge.
I guess the only criticism I have is sometimes he doesn't come off as very human.
And regarding the subject that's been upsetting a lot of people lately,
just sometimes he just comes off too much of the lawyer talk.
Exactly, yeah.
There was a few things that he said during the press conference where even I was like, oh.
Very loyally answers.
But that's why he's there because he's a lawyer.
And he's got to cover all his legal bases.
I know it was painful to hear some of it.
But he's thinking as a lawyer all the time where we don't leave this company exposed.
He's working for those guys.
And on the other side of it, imagine having a job where no matter how good of a job you do you are getting booed and
people hate your guts and that just wears on you time over time so there might be a little bit
resentment going it back the other way where it's like no matter what i do you people are just going
to scald me so that that that i don't i guess i wouldn't consider it sensitivity i would consider
it thick skin where he kind of takes it and he just kind of gives it back. Yeah, and also too
like Gary Bettman isn't responsible for
like hundreds of years or a hundred years
of hockey culture before that. He's not the reason why
junior kids haze each other. Like he
doesn't have anything to do with all of that. I think
some of that might be landing at his doorstep, but
you know, those are problems that
he didn't create. He's kind of dealing with that
when they come up at these type of situations.
Somebody sent me somebody videoed gary betman teeing off the first tee at a golf club check out this guy's action it's one of the the worst golf swings i've ever seen in my life i guess i
can't post it i don't know what course this is but if you ever see me somewhere say let me see
gary b swing
and i'll pull it up and i'll show you this action it's one of the worst account one of the worst
you could ever see put it on fairway foals account because it's a strictly golf account oh my god no
speed at all jesus christ maybe that's all right all right go ahead sorry but you want to see the
swing too i'll take a look at it just for a laugh.
It looked like yours.
He's probably better.
I was going to say he's probably better than fucking mine.
I made an egregious error last week.
I said that Jamie Foxx played Sinead in Living Color,
but it was Martin Lawrence who played Sinead.
Jamie Foxx played Wanda, of course,
the other ugly black guy dressed up as a woman
playing sketch comedy in the 90s.
So forgive me there.
Just to clear that up.
Just to clear that up.
I like to correct my errors, Biz.
The World Series, man.
I don't know a fucking person who watched the World Series this year.
Atlanta, Houston.
I know everybody hates Houston.
So then why are we talking about it?
Moving on.
Hey, did you see what Mac
What else you got?
That was it.
What else you got?
Did you see what Mac T said?
Because the night McDavid scored that goal of the year,
they retired Kevin Lowe's jersey that night.
And Mac T's like, I don't know if he gave this speech.
I just saw the clip.
He said, I got to pull it up.
I wrote it down.
He said, geez.
He goes, this sure seems like a lot for the second best athlete in his family
and the seventh best player on our team, Mo's Oilers team,
because his wife won two bronze medals skiing in the Olympics, Kevin Lowe's wife.
And then he was, you know, everyone says, like, Kevin Lowe wasn't as good as maybe, like, he's looked upon now.
I mean, he had an incredible career.
Six cups.
But they're saying just a great shirt from a former teammate.
So I thought that was good.
Also, you can see Biz's ugly sweater.
They're going to be dropping for what, Black Friday, right, Grinnelly?
No, they are dropping today.
Oh, snap.
Tuesday, November 9th.
And for 24 hours, we'll have a 20 off sale on all ugly sweaters.
We got the premium knit ones.
These ugly sweaters are comfy.
They're comfy.
They're awesome.
And we have tons.
We got the crew neck style, the premium knit.
So on sale right now, barcelsports.com.
And they're in Canada on sale, too.
Our first Canadian sale.
Exclusive.
First Canadian sale.
We got the store fine.
What else do we got?
We finally hooked you up.
Go Edmonton.
We got PJ Stock waiting to tackle a steak any second now.
I have nothing left in the docket place unless you have anything else you want to share.
Oh, yeah.
I told some kid who gave me like a cigarette outside the bar.
Shout out PS Ravioli in Philly.
Dude, this kid was the man.
Shout out PS Ravioli.
They got hoagies.
They got raviolis.
Go give them a shot and shout out PS Ravioli. They got hoagies. They got raviolis. Go give them a shot and shout out PS Ravs.
A couple of the random topics I had on my phone were that Klingberg pump fake.
Oh, was that DuBois?
I don't know, but he took somebody's soul.
Oh, my God.
Six different pump fakes.
He ends up going shelf.
That was sick.
That was very sick.
What else you got written down?
I had Stevie Y ripping the bong with Joe Valeno on the way to the Toronto game.
That was about a week ago.
So he came out of the
Oh, I know.
The kid had to drive to his first NHL game where he ended up getting two.
I think he got one and one, two points.
But he drove with Stevie Y.
Oh, thinking of driving to your first game with the GM is a nightmare for me.
And I mean, that would have been Craig Patrick for me.
Unreal guy.
Ray Sherrill, great guy.
Bob Murray was a prick.
He hated me.
He was so mean to me.
Bob Murray in Anaheim.
Just a real miserable bastard.
So I'm thinking of driving with him.
Put the noise cancels on.
Just tune them out.
Just put on future episodes of Chicklets.
I think that Eisenman's just so intimidating.
The kid was probably just a little afraid the whole time,
but he played great, so who knows what he said.
The other thing I'd written down is RMU.
We did a bet on the Barstool Sportsbook.
Robert Morris.
Yeah, Robert Morris, sorry.
Trying to save their program, right?
Trying to save their program.
We ended up raising over 100,000 for it.
So congratulations to us.
They just did a game in Pittsburgh.
Ryan Malone played in it.
I was kidding.
A big game trying to  congratulations to us.
I like it.
Eric and Ardini had a lot to do with that.
Yeah, I know.
I was hoping that you would step in at some point and save my shitty humor there.
But, hey, for a great cause, did you already mention this, R.A.? like the Pavel Burry thing?
no no no I'm just waiting to wrap up
I'm just thinking about what we're going to close with
I think that's all I got
that is all we got
folks thanks for tuning in
have a great weekend we'll see you next week
peace As always, we like to thank our awesome sponsors here on Spittin' Chicklets.
So huge thanks to everybody at Pink Whitney and New Amsterdam Vodka.
Big thanks to everybody over at BetterHelp.
Huge thank you to our friends over at Cross Country Mortgage.
Gigantic thanks to our friends over at OCB Rowan Papers.
Thanks for taking care of us.
Big thanks to everyone over at Shady Rays.
By all means, get them if you need shades ASAP.
And big thanks to our friends at Watson Gloves.
Have a great week, everyone.
