Hey, Spittin' Chicklets listeners, you can find every episode on Apple Podcasts,
Spotify, or YouTube. Prime members can listen ad-free on Amazon Music. Hello, everybody.
Welcome to episode 36 of Spittin' Chicklets, brought to you by Barstool Sports.
What up? What up? I love it. Ryan Whitney, co-host. Hello, gentlemen. Producer to episode 36 of Spittin' Chicklets, brought to you by Barstool Sports.
What up? What up? I love it.
Ryan Whitney, co-host.
Hello, gentlemen.
Producer Mikey Grinelli. We've got a very special guest coming in studio, slash my living room, in studio today.
As a fan of the Boston Bruins my whole life, it's pretty exciting to have an actual Bruin in my house.
We have Torrey Krug, Bruin's defenseman, coming in.
Are you going to have him sign the wall?
Yeah, maybe that's a tradition
We should start
It's not a bad thing
Yeah I don't think
My wife would mind at all
If we just inked up
She's like as long as
It's a Bruin
Yeah
As long as it's a nice
Topay color
I like the fact
That we should let everyone know
Today's the first time
We're actively drinking
During the podcast
Yes
I don't know what
Really took us so long
I think it's the summer
Being here
We are officially
Gas and beers
If fucking Wits
Doesn't knock it off
We could be Chuck and Nux
In a little bit Having actually Sierra Nevadaierra nevada shout out to uh buddy bernardo out in california
these were a gift from him during the patriot season last year ipas good stuff so great radio
so anyways last night big big night uh awful tv per usual the nhl awards just god damn what a
joke it's almost like it's almost like they know they're in on the joke and they try to just go
out and kind of thought that it's almost like they know they're in on the joke and they try to just go out and get it.
I kind of thought that.
It's almost like they're being ironic in a way.
Of course, we doubt they are, but it's just bad TV.
It's definitely the ultimate Twitter show.
You just follow along on Twitter.
But last night it was worth watching because the Las Vegas Golden Knights expansion draft,
which was a pretty clever way to get you to watch the awards last night.
Yeah, I mean, I think that everyone was so excited to see,
all right, what's this team actually going to have as a roster?
And it was actually more exciting, I think, leading up,
I think it was Sunday morning, the final day of the U.S. Open.
Saturday or Sunday morning, they were supposed to release,
everyone was going to release their unprotected and protected list.
So that's what everyone was kind of getting ready for and excited.
And all of a sudden, of course, only the NHL,
they decided at this day at 10 a.m. Eastern,
they're going to release the protected list,
and then they decided to delay it to 10.30.
Apparently, teams said they were confused by the final rules.
I'd love to know what actually happened for them
to not be ready to go on something like that big.
Honestly, just as a writer, blogger, whatever,
sort of covers the Bruins and the NHL, man,
it really is convoluted following this shit.
And hats off to George McPhee for not only learning the rules on the fly.
I mean, basically, this was different than other expansion drafts.
I know we haven't handled it for a while.
They basically, I wouldn't say rigged it,
but they set it up for the team to be much more competitive
than expansion teams in the past.
But McPhee was in a position where he basically could kind of hold hostage other teams
and say, I like this guy, and if you don't give me something, we're going to draft him.
I know, and he was smart enough to like  I feel like every article I've read out there
is that every other GM was so frustrated and annoyed but also respected the shit out of it
because it's a guy that's doing exactly what he's got to do to try
to get this team good. And now you look at their
draft picks. It's like two first, I think
three first rounders this year,
next year, two. Just stockpiling
picks that they're almost
saying, well, to guarantee we're not
going to be good for
two, three years, at least the first year.
I mean, they're going to stink. But
in any way, shape, or form, they're setting themselves up for five or six years from now.
So I think that it's going to be a team that struggles but has somehow set up a way to get to that next level
way sooner than, like, you've seen Columbus or Minnesota get there.
I mean, even going way, way back.
What year was that?
That was, I want to say, late 90s.
It might have been Columbus.
It might have been, like, 2001, way back. What year was that? That was, I want to say late 90s. It might have been Columbus. It might have been like 2001, 2002 Columbus.
Yeah, because the Predators were like 98, 99.
And then, yeah, there were like three teams in a few years.
But you just have to be good from the draft now.
And that's been their whole goal, to get picks.
I think they have 11 first round and second round picks in the next two years.
11?
11 first and second rounders in the next two years 11 11 first and second rounders in the next i mean you can't you you hit on you want to say fuck you got to hit on at least like three or four of them
but what if all of a sudden they go out and you've seen how good the drafts been lately and they get
a bunch of like stud players i don't think this year they'll be able to do that this year's drafts
week but next year's looks great and you get guys that well, basically it comes down to this. So these teams used to be struggling so often at the beginning
and still up to 10 years in.
Columbus, and you look how bad they were for so long.
But that was before 18-year-olds would get drafted
and be really good the next year.
This wasn't normal.
Everyone goes back to Joe Thornton.
He had six points his rookie year.
This whole being drafted in the first round 18
and then playing in the NHL the next year and being really good
wasn't around for these other expansion teams.
So that's why if they can hit on some of those,
you'll actually look to see them being really good sooner
than I think everyone expects.
I think for sure they're going to be competitive.
I don't know, really. This year?
Well, I'm not saying they're going to go to a playoff. I just mean competitive in that they're going to be tough. And I think that's... I don't know, really. This year? Well, I'm not saying they're going to go to a playoff.
I just mean competitive in that they're going to be tough to play against every night.
I think you've got a coach like Gallant whose players love him.
Guys will love him.
I think this year he'll be like, hey, fuck everyone else.
No one's expecting anything out of us.
And just guys will love it.
And they've got a bonafide number one in Fleury.
I know offensively that probably leaves a little something to be desired.
Of course, they do get the draft coming up
There's still months before they even play a game
George McPhee can still do a lot of trading
A lot of tinkering
I'm not saying they're going to get in the playoffs or anything
But I think you'll see a competitive squad there
With the coach, with the number one
And also too
It's like the Major League effect
The movie Major League, please tell me you know that one
Dude, one of my favorites
I fucking love Major League.
Too high.
All these guys who weren't wanted by other teams,
they think they're going to have that chip on their shoulder, too,
that they're going to buy in.
It wouldn't shock me if they competed for a playoff spot
at all in their first year or so.
Am I expecting it? I don't know.
I don't think they'll compete for a spot, and I'll tell you why.
Quickly, they could really be like Major League
where instead of stripping off
the pictures to get to
the owner that bitch
owners like tight little
bottom you know
vaginal area.
Yeah.
They can just get like
an unreal stripper from
Vegas that they all know
and maybe just do it and
she won't even have to
have under the strip is
in Vegas.
What are you talking
about.
Just so I have heard
also to talk about
Vegas I wrote in my
blog today that like
the enthusiasm for this team.
It was unreal last night.
It's like, even last night, just the whole buildup.
Like, you know, the media seems to be on board, which is kind of rare.
Fans, you know, I think the way the expansion draft is set up in the last, what, 15 years since we've had an expansion draft, fantasy football, fantasy sports have exploded.
Obviously, they were around before then.
So everyone kind of in the last, you know, 15, 20 years thinks they're a GM anyway.
So everybody got to play along.
You know, the media got to write columns about it.
The fans got to, you know, play along with it.
And, you know, George McPhee had to do it for real.
So I think there was almost like a participation level there that, you know, people hadn't really seen to that extent before.
But just like I said, the whole excitement about the team,
everything around it has been fun, man.
It just feels like a really good vibe.
And I look to, like, I was really happy for Fleury because I think it was probably hard.
Not probably.
It was definitely hard what he's gone through.
He's won the Stanley Cup the last two years,
but he wasn't the guy that won the final game for him.
And so I was really happy for him to be the center of attention.
He was like, they brought out Derek Englund, who lives in Vegas.
It's pretty cool for Derek Englund, a guy who came up in Pittsburgh's minor league.
And a lot of guys I know, I never got the chance to play with him, but just a team guy, tough as shit.
And he started, I mean, to get from the East Coast League where he was in Las Vegas playing for the Vegas Wranglers.
I think he met his wife there. Now
he's back living there and playing there.
He never stopped living there, but he now plays in the NHL
there. It's good for a guy like him.
But like Fleury was just,
you could tell like everyone's so fired up. He's by
far and away the biggest
name they have. And for a team
that's going to really struggle to score
goals,
thank God that their goalie is their number one guy,
the guy that they can really lean on.
Vegas got lucky in the fact that Matt Murray came along and was able to kind of push Fleury out the door.
Did you guys see the picture Malkin put up?
Yeah, with my MVP with the backwards 29 jersey on.
So he's a real locker room guy, huh?
Yeah.
I always tell people he didn't speak English when I played with him.
Fleury or Malkin?
No.
Yeah.
Good question.
No, Malkin.
Malkin.
Fleury is always.
Fleury's basically had the same English since I think that he's, like, 19.
It's just a hilarious French accent.
He's like the French guy in, you know, from Ricky.
What's the movie with Ricky Bobby?
Oh, Talladega Nights. He's like that french guy that races against him yeah yeah not but i i think that you know flurry flurry's just
such a such a good guy to be around that he'll help that team so much but when i say they struggle
to score goals you notice that they got some pretty good defense man macho soul there the
kid on florida 30 goals last year.
Yeah, I know.
But I look at Vegas' team, I'm saying, and they have no
you notice teams are  you realize you have to have good centers.
Yeah.
And there's no centers out there.
That's the one thing the team's like, we cannot lose any of our top centers.
So that's where Vegas really struggle, like possessing the puck
and being offensive with a guy who can at least set guys up.
But I don't know.
I'm interested to see how the year goes in terms of, like, fans.
Like, at the beginning, it's going to be nuts.
It's going to be rocking there.
And I think that technically they've sold out every game.
I mean, can you think of a better place if you pick out a couple Boston guys
or, you know, some dudes from Toronto?
Let's go watch our team play in Vegas.
That's going to be for every road game, I would assume.
And that's also, too, the location's great. Let's go watch our team play in Vegas. That's going to be for every road game, I would assume.
Also, too, the location's great.
I mean, obviously, we raved about Nashville's location.
You come out, and every part of Nashville is outside the front door of Bridgestone, it feels like.
Here in Vegas, I mean, the arena's right behind New York, New York. So when you leave the game, the Vegas trip is right there.
It's definitely a road trip.
I'm going to be taking it.
I'm not sure if I'm going to make it this season or not.
But, I mean, you're going to Vegas, Bruins in town.
Why wouldn't you?
And it just starts your night, dude.
Think about it.
Absolutely, yeah.
Game 7 to 930.
You're not even out of bed before 930 if you're there anyway.
Exactly, yeah.
That's the nap after the pool party.
God damn it, I got married.
I wasn't, well, whatever leaked images or logos we saw.
I wasn't crazy about What we saw
The Golden Knights logo first
But I'll tell you
I thought the jersey
Looked pretty good
Once you see it on it
Dude I hated it
I love them
It's fucking team Germany
With white gloves
Oh I was gonna tell you guys
You like that?
I just
No what I'm saying
I didn't like it at all
At first
But when I saw it
You know
With the completed product
On a player
I thought it was an improvement
Once I saw it
On a guy I love it You two improvement once I saw it on a guy.
I love it.
You two fucking guys like it.
It's one too many color.
It's one too many color for me.
I thought it reminded me so much of Team Germany.
Somebody actually tweeted that.
I was laughing.
Drop the red.
It reminded me of a coral snake.
What were they going to do, though?
It's Vegas.
They had to do something.
It couldn't be plain.
See, I think, again, we've talked about it before.
I thought they should have had a better name, a different name.
Obviously, the owner, well-documented, he's a big West Point guy,
big Army guy, and he wanted to work nights into the name somehow.
It was basically, come hell or high water, he was going to do it.
So I think they limited themselves in getting a really cool nickname.
But having said that, you look at it, it's a knight with the shield face and the V there.
It's not bad.
I'll tell you, it's better than fucking that godforsaken Ducks shirt.
I know the Ducks, man, they got a fucking
That logo stinks.
And then you know who else is like sucks too?
And, like, is that Vancouver, the Orca Sea Atrocity, I call it.
Yeah, and the color.
Vancouver should go back to those Vs they had.
Actually, they have the colors the same as Vegas pretty much.
I'm sick of Vancouver's green and blue.
That's terrible.
The Ducks is awful.
The Ducks colors and the logo.
A Duck is probably the biggest pussy bird out there.
I thought they were like savages.
Somebody told me once they end up being savages when challenged.
Those are pelicans.
Pelicans.
Oh, fucking.
Pelicans.
Pelicans.
Pelicans.
Pelicans.
Pelicans.
All right.
So I thought
I thought it was ducks.
I'm just wondering
like I want to ask
Krug.
Remind me
because I'll forget.
OK.
Yeah, I'm good at that.
I want to
the Grinnelli's
are a reminder.
I want to ask him
like if guys
wanted to get selected,
I'm going to guess that everyone was
like please please don't first of all please don't like unprotect me like give me a give them a chance
to draft me but you knew going in who your guys are gonna be for every team right it was pretty
laid out the nine guys or whatever the number was but in terms of like being a guy like i don't know
do you want are guys happy last night you got to think that guys who are married's wives are like,
are you shitting me?
We're moving to Vegas.
But it's actually nice, too.
Yeah, I mean, there's plenty of great neighborhoods to live out there.
I mean, I don't think it's much different from any other city.
It's got its good parts and it's got its shady parts.
But, I mean, I'm sure guys who, like I was saying before we started,
they're probably a little bit pissed off that this,
oh, okay, the team didn't want to protect me,
and they're going to have a little bit of a chip on their shoulder.
Of course, they could only protect
three defensemen if they opted for that
particular layout. You can only protect
three defensemen. I guess you could
either pick to, what was it, like so many
forwards and three defensemen in one goal?
No, you could pick, I think. You could pick how many you protected
for each, right? So, you know, I mean, basically
there are going to be quality guys that teams can't't protect as far as the Bruins like Bruins Twitter
was like all all up in arms that they lost Colin Miller for nothing and it's like dude that's how
expansion drafts work your owner gets a shitload of money and you lose a player of your roster like
they they didn't let him go for nothing I mean it's funny like literally nobody said trade Colin
Miller three months ago but Bruins fans were like they didn't get I mean, it's funny. Literally, nobody said trade Colin Miller three months ago, but Bruins fans were like, they didn't get
nothing from him. It's like, but
you couldn't trade him a few months ago. You needed him,
and then, you know, what are they going to wait
until after? It's like, you can't fucking satisfy them,
man, you know? Do you think any players
are happy to go in the sense
if they're in a tough situation where they are,
you know, they're not playing third, fourth line, maybe
getting healthy scratched every few games?
I think we said that one episode that he, there's definitely guys who are like,
all right, I'm going to get a chance now to play.
But like looking through the roster, you think of a guy, you know, like they got Gorbovsky.
He can score.
I mean, from the Islanders, he can play.
And they got David Perron and he can score.
So guys like that might, who are that who kind of played wherever they were before
might be like, oh, I got nobody to get me the puck, blah, blah, blah.
But then you look at a guy like the kid Brickley.
We talked about Connor Brickley.
I've played with him in the minors.
He got a little bit of a shot in Florida, but he gets picked.
He was with Carolina.
All of a sudden, he's going to get a shot to play in the NHL.
So guys like that, I think you're definitely right.
But I wonder, too, by the time people are listening to this over the next two days,
it's Thursday right now, we could end up having some of these guys dealt for more draft picks.
I don't think they're done by any means.
You hear rumors.
And when Bob McKenzie starts tweeting about this, you're like, okay, well, that means it's going to happen,
which is what a legend Bobby Mack is.
Whatever he says is pretty much he's just telling you what's going to happen in a sense. But he's mentioned that Mathot may be out of there, which is what a legend Bobby Mack is. Whatever he says is pretty much, he's just telling you what's going to happen in a sense.
But he's mentioned that Mathot may be out of there, which is weird because he's like
their number one.
He thought he'd stay in Vegas.
Not too bad.
Not too bad.
Kruger liked that one.
Oh, waka waka.
But I think that, you know, if anything, you're going to see some guys move, but they're still
going to make sure that they have a amount of, Trevor VanVleet has already been traded to Carolina,
so that's one guy. You just see little things like that.
But they still have to keep enough guys
to fill the team, and that's why a guy like Mathot
or Perron, who might think they're going to get traded
now,
they might want it. They might
be thinking, all right, well, I'm not going to be there that
long, and I don't really think that
they're going to keep me there. And then all of a sudden, they
keep you, and you're like, all right, well, now I've got to play there. We're going to keep me there and then all of a sudden they keep you and you're like alright well now I got to play there
we're going to suck and that can be shitty
for him but that's just more up to a guy how he's going to
decide to go about it. Yeah I mean I
think you know going forward Vegas they
have a good framework in place they got a you know
George McPhee's been a GM for a long time
Gallant obviously
a coach well liked by his team
well not so much by his management last
year in Florida but I think they got a lot of good pieces in place,
so like I said, to at least ice a competitive squad early.
Going back to the awards.
Oh, I was going to say something about the awards.
Any real surprise in the awards themselves last night?
I'd say no.
I mean, maybe, I can't really say it's a surprise,
Connor McDavid winning the awards.
Basically, Crosby didn't look too happy he lost the Lester Pearson award, did he?
He didn't get the MVP?
The heart?
Not the heart.
The one Lester Pearson voted on by players, right?
Oh, is that Ted Lindsey?
What's a Ted Lindsey award?
Oh, wait.
I'm getting confused.
Wait.
I don't know.
We have to have Grinnell look it up.
Yeah, the Lindsey award.
You're right.
That's the one that's voted on by your peers.
No, I think you might.
I don't know.
Either way, I thought Crosby, he gave him a nice little nod,
but I did think that Marcel Dion,
did you see the comment he made about Ali Raisman's legs?
I was like, Jesus Christ, Marcel.
He's like, legs on this young girl.
He's probably loaded.
Well, I saw that, and it caused a little ripple effect in 2017.
Oh, people were complaining about what he said?
The AP had a headline that said,
Marcel Dion compliments Ali Raisman on her legs.
Go ahead.
Ted Lindsey, best player as voted by the NHLPA.
Okay.
So, yeah, he won the Lindsey and the Hart.
So what's the Lester Pearson?
Check that one out, Grinnelly.
So, yeah, Marcel Dion said that.
Yeah, look at the legs on him.
Now, of course, I'm sure he's getting dragged somewhere somewhere by somebody but honestly
what a legend like not for nothing and I guess I'll defend him a little bit not for nothing but
how many people when they look at Allie Raisman that's the first thing they say is look at because
dude she's muscle bound like she's jacked and I don't think it's like in a from a dirty old man
perspective it's that she's a phenomenal athlete and you know she showed jacked, and I don't think it's like from a dirty old man perspective. It's that she's a phenomenal athlete, and, you know, she showed her whole body to the world.
I mean, she was naked in ESPN, the magazine.
She looked great, and he's like a dude saying, look at her legs.
It was hilarious, but it was also a compliment.
People get mad at that fucker.
I didn't get the sense it was anything creepy.
She kind of laughed it off.
I mean, it's funny because she actually called out TSA for, like, you know for what she called body shaming her for not thinking she
had muscles or something along those lines.
Fun fact, my dad, Ali Raisman's
dad, very good friends. Oh, really?
No. Pardon? Your dad and Ali Raisman's dad?
Yes, are very good friends. So why don't you get
in there? Insurance, man. I've tried.
To be honest, my dad said she
would crush me, I think is the word.
She would dummy him. Gurley's got shorts on today.
His legs are skinnier than mine.
That's saying something.
They're bad.
No, so the other one, what was I dying laughing at?
Some guy tweeted me, hey, Whit, tons of Rockets at the NHL Awards tonight.
Yeah, you think, dude?
It's the best players in the league who have girls with them.
What do you think?
They're going to be ugly?
That was a smoke show fest last night. Dude, yeah.
I mean, some of the players' wives
are just absolute rockets. And by the way,
Grinnelli just did some speed-lunking for us on the
internet, and the Ted Lindsay award
used to be known as the Lester Pierce.
So we're actually not wrong.
Exactly. So we were both right.
No shit, huh? So yeah, anyways, going back
to that, if David voted the
MVP by his peers, that's a little different than a bunch
of hacks in the media voting for it, right?
I mean, recognition from your boys, you know?
Yeah, I would say.
I mean, I feel like the Hart Trophy has more pizzazz just because of the past and who's won it.
But, yeah, when your own players are voting for it.
I thought McDavid, Crosby missed a little time with injury.
I thought McDavid was deserving in the MVP this year.
Crosby won the playoff MVP.
It kind of worked out good. I didn't know
if it was going to be Carlson or Brent Burns. If they could
have voted after the playoffs for the
Norris Trophy, obviously you're going to have
Carlson winning it, but they vote, I think, the day
the regular season ends. Yeah, definitely.
It's only before the playoffs.
In that sense, with the year Burns had,
he was pretty much a lock to win that
once he realized it was regular season.
What else do we have? Rookie of the Year, Austin Matthews.
There's no question we would have loved to have seen Patrick Lyon if he could have stayed healthy.
How that would have gone.
With that fucking duster of his last night.
That guy.
That blonde mustache last night.
That guy, he must have ripped up Vegas last night.
He looked like one of those Finnish machines ready to just
He's probably there until, like, Tuesday.
He looked like he could play, like, Martin Muller if he were going to make a Mr. Mom porno or something.
Like, yes, I am here with the pizza.
I don't know that one.
Yeah, yeah.
Mr. Mom, Michael Keaton, old school.
All right, so basically...
That's an R.A. one right there.
Yeah, exactly.
You ask a millennial.
So, yeah, there was no major surprises.
Patrice Bergeron won his fourth Selkie.
Ty's Bob Ganey.
It's the most ever, right?
Most Selkie ever.
You got to ask Krug about him.
Like, what the fuck? That's unbelievable. And the year he had... At the beginning of the year, people were like, what's the most ever, right? Most Selke ever. You've got to ask Krug about him. That's unbelievable.
And the year he had, at the beginning of the year,
people were like, what's wrong with Bergeron?
Then the second half he scored like he usually does.
But just the whole year, he's obviously got the defensive hockey down.
Played with his sports attorney all year, too.
Yeah, so that's his fourth Selke.
I wonder if Datsuk must have won three then.
I think he only won two because I was reading it last night.
And currently, no other active NHL has more than one right now.
Taves, excuse me, Kopitar, and Kessler all have one.
Yeah, Bergeron's just a complete machine.
I mean, what a career he's had.
So he'll probably get a fifth one.
I wouldn't be surprised.
But Krug has arrived, so we're going to go to him.
So we'll get that going right now.
Now we're bringing in a very special guest our first in studio in here first in studio in studio aka in a living room uh boston
bruins own defenseman and he actually received the second place vote for the norris trophy last
night i was gonna ask you if you got any votes i figured you might tory krug live in a person
tory welcome to the show thanks guys thanks for. Oh, of course. So what did you think of getting the big vote last night?
Did you know that?
No, I just saw it afterwards.
I think Elliott Friedman was posting it on Twitter and everything,
and I looked it up and just curious.
I had no clue, didn't even think I'd get anything,
and all of a sudden I see a second-place vote.
I'm like, who's the idiot that voted me for second place?
Maybe like fifth or sixth or something down the line, but I was surprised at all.
51 points, 52 points, 82 games played.
I could see that.
I really could.
I would have immediately, if I was you, checked my contract.
Is there any bonus if I had a second place?
Was that an extra 100K?
As far as the playoffs, have you been watching them,
or are you one of these guys who wants your teams out?
You couldn't care less about them. No, I was listening to you guys when you had authority as the playoffs, have you been watching them, or are you one of these guys who wants your teams out, you couldn't care less about them?
No, I was listening to you guys when you had authority on the show,
and I knew exactly what he was going to say when he asked him that question.
I fall into a very similar boat, but it's really hard.
Witt will admit that it's tough when you get back in the gym to be motivated,
especially when you're sitting on your ass for a few weeks,
and then all of a sudden you're thrown in the gym. so i take the the next couple rounds i'm pretty bitter that we
lost and then once it gets to about the finals i start watching again to give myself some motivation
and uh you know get back into the gym now this this year was i thought a tough end for you guys
how frustrating is it was it for you to sit there and not you know not be able to take part knowing
that you know you could have really made a difference out there. I think the margin between the
Sens and Bruins is so close that
a guy like Yohann Magnets who could have made a difference
I mean, is it tough to sit there? Not to interrupt
can we get what happened?
Because I don't know exactly
did you need surgery? No, no
surgery or anything. I just had a
pretty bad MCL sprain and it was just
a freak thing like pinching down
the boards against Ottawa and my leg whipped and it was like a freak thing, like pinching down the boards against Ottawa, and my leg whipped,
and it was like non-contact, which is almost unheard of.
So just a freak thing.
And then back to your question about the playoffs,
it's been three years since I played in a playoff game,
and Boston playoffs are a special thing to be a part of.
So I was pretty bitter up in the press box,
jumping up and down when big plays were made.
But, you know, it's tough.
It was a tough pill to swallow because every game we lost was a one-goal game.
And our power play wasn't clicking at times.
It stepped up and had a couple big goals here and there.
But I know it's tough being up there when you know you can help make a difference.
Right.
And especially, like I said, you guys beat them.
You go on to play Pittsburgh.
I mean, I had said to Ryan, I think you guys would have given a good series.
You've played them tough the last few years.
So, I mean, it's probably doubly frustrating knowing that, Christ,
we went ahead a path to the final here, you know?
Yeah, well, you never know.
At that point, it doesn't matter who's playing.
The situation's what it is.
If you get in, you know, you have a hot goaltender.
You know, you move on and you take the breaks when you get.
You got to be lucky to make the finals.
Obviously, we've had some success against Pittsburgh the last few years.
They're another team that you get in there, and you never know what happens.
It would have been fun to just get through.
No, no, no.
I was just going to say, when the season ends, I know it's different when you're finishing injured,
but how long do you usually wait to get back in the gym?
Are you doing it now?
He's coming in all ripped up here, boys.
He's looking like a truck right now.
Never mind Allie Ray's legs.
Check out his gams over here.
Marcel Dion wouldn't be going as nuts for you, though, last night.
I saw that. That was hilarious.
There's some twigs over there.
But, no, so what are you doing?
And are you around, like, Boston all summer?
You head home? What's your deal?
I'm one of the guys.
I took a page out of Thorny's book.
I stick around. You have to go through the winter you want to enjoy the summer
it's it's the only place that uh we have that we live in and so it's becoming a you know home for
us and we enjoy it but um yeah I take a few weeks off go to some socks games um you know do that do
that thing where you just rest up and heal up.
Rest up, have some beers.
Yeah, exactly.
And more than anything, physically, obviously,
there's a lot of things after the season that you've got to take your time
and heal up, but mentally it's a big thing too.
Go out, eat whatever you want, have a couple beers and hang out,
and then all of a sudden hit it hard when you get back in the gym.
So, yeah, that's it.
So are you a guy who, like when I played,
I didn't really skate
till like the beginning of august are you on the ice in july and stuff are you just waiting are
you just trying to just do all off ice stuff i'm uh twice a week at the end of july um and then i
progress from there slowly from yeah i spend most of my time in the gym and making sure the body's
ready and it's tough to jump on the ice when you're not ready oh you hop back in well you can
ride that i used to say like you could ride the bike and work out like an animal all day.
And you put on skates and you're still huffing and puffing dying.
It's like the muscles you just cannot do by skating.
And then also when you jump out there, you feel like the worst hockey player in the world.
Your hands are a joke.
It's unbelievable.
Zidano tells a story about how Hossa will just jump on the ice.
Hasn't skated in three months. And then Hossa jumps on the ice, like hasn't skated in like three months,
and then Hossa jumps on the ice.
He's the best player out there.
That guy's a freak.
We didn't even bring up, actually, because we did a little before you came,
but that's crazy to think, like, have you ever seen what happened to him?
I mean, he's done playing now.
I don't know if everyone has heard,
but he's allergic to his  a certain allergic reaction he has from his gear
is so bad that he can't
he's not going to play hockey this year, and he probably won't play again.
I think they said the treatment they give him is actually
That's what
A lot of the side effects, and, you know, it's just
Have you ever heard of that?
Of anything like that?
I've heard of
Like a ringworm when your trainer's a lazy fuck and doesn't wash your ginsh.
I've seen that.
Yeah, but, no, I've never heard of it, and it's tough.
I've actually heard rumors that he was going through that this season,
and to hear that it's obviously going to sit him out this season,
it's tough to hear because he's such a great player.
Yeah, it is unusual.
Last night, the expansion draft, did you pay much attention to that?
I knew you were obviously protected, but, well, we haven't had one for a while,
that you had to be unprotected.
But what goes through a player's mind there as far as, you know?
Yeah, you were going to say, do guys want to go?
Or, like, do you have any buddies that were involved in that?
No.
Does Colin Miller you think happy that he's actually going to get a chance maybe to play more and go in there?
Or is that tough for you to say?
Yeah, I don't want to speak for Colin, but I do know that he loves Boston.
He lived in Saudi this year um starting
to get you know a feel for things in the locker room he started to to come out a little bit out
of his shell and he wasn't wasn't here a very long time but um you know people were starting to
realize the type of guy he was and then on the ice he was uh now he's got a chance to step up and be
the player he was I called him I said hey like I don't know I know you're disappointed but uh now
is your chance go out there and show people what you got, and hopefully he does that.
Yeah, I think he'll probably have a better opportunity because, well,
obviously we already saw McAvoy fight, I think, with six games,
and I think he's ready for the NHL.
Dude, that kid, man.
Yeah, he's
Were you surprised how good he was right away?
I mean, it would have been great if you were out there with him in the playoffs.
You guys would have been perfect.
Yeah, I can't say I was surprised,
but any time someone goes in there and plays the minutes that he was playing,
that's pretty surprising.
I knew he was going to have success.
Minutes is what it is.
He's got a swagger to him.
All these young guys do now.
But you have to.
If you're going to be a young guy playing a league,
you can't be going in there scared to make mistakes.
You've got to have that swagger, that cockiness, if you will,
that helps guys play the style that we play.
It helps them make those plays.
Yeah, I was excited.
He's a great kid too, a hell of a guy.
Yeah, I mean, he's got him presumably number one.
You've got to have Kyle behind him.
So, I mean, as far as Miller, I don't know.
I mean, he might not have been any higher than a top
well, I'm sorry, a third-pairing guy this year.
Yeah, that's what we were saying.
It's just like so many guys, and you've seen it,
they're so close to being good in the NHL.
Maybe they're just in a spot where they don't really get the chance
to show what they can do.
So, like, he strikes me as a guy who might be able to go there,
play top four minutes, and never worried about making a mistake
and getting benched, and you know how it is.
And he might just flourish.
And I think some guys probably hated the fact that they had to leave their cities, but in
the end, when they get there, it might be a good thing for them.
Yeah, that might be a case.
Like I said, I don't want to speak for Colin, but he's got all the tools, man.
Yeah, I know.
And hopefully he does get the opportunity, and he takes advantage of it, and that's what
this game's all about.
It's just opportunity and running with it.
So going back to you, I always ask these guys or when the guys we interview, I always say,
when in your life did you think, all right, I think I can play in the NHL?
Now, as an undersized guy, like I'm sure there was people all the time when you were younger,
fucking almost getting in your ear, you're too little.
But was there a moment when you're like, I can do this?
Or was it not until you turned pro and played in Providence?
To be honest, it wasn't until my sophomore or junior year at Michigan State.
Started dominating.
Yeah.
When I was 16, 17, getting a lot of pressure from the folks who pay a lot of money for me to play hockey.
And I really didn't see it going anywhere.
And then,
um,
you know,
I was thinking about hanging them up and maybe just taking it on as a
hobby.
And then,
uh,
you know,
we even talk about,
yeah.
How big,
all right.
So 16,
17,
you're thinking that how big were you then?
Oh shoot.
I was probably five,
five at that point.
Like five.
Yeah.
I was tiny,
man.
And everyone's,
I know you're like,
well,
what the fuck?
I can't,
I'm too small right now
Yeah and then
You know the head coach
In Detroit
Jeff Blaschel
Saw me at like
A select festival camp
And invited me
To his training camp
He was the head coach
Of Indiana Ice
In USHL
And he called me
And I was like
I don't know
If I'm gonna go
Like you know
I don't think
I have it
Like I'm gonna get
You're like
I got this girlfriend
Back home
You know
I'm kinda done
With hockey
X-Files is out It's on this weekend I don't know So you know. You're like, I got this girlfriend back home. I'm kind of done with hockey. X-Files is on this weekend.
So he's asking me, and I'm like, no, I'm just going to go to this other camp,
get some experience, and maybe things will pan out.
He goes, what are you talking about?
Come make my team.
I was like, all right.
If I come down there, that's where I'm going to do that.
And he actually designed a power play penalty kill scrimmage
just to see if I could run a power play at that level.
No shit.
Yeah, and then he had to straighten out the owner and
um convince him to to put me on the team so i think the owner had to take some convincing but
um the owner now is like uh okay i have no idea what i'm doing like what am i doing owning a
hockey team and then uh yeah things just progressed from there and michigan state i had a good freshman year i played with jeff petrie who's in montreal
great pd yeah pd man he so he came up i saw him probably like you saw colin miller like i was in
edmonton and he came up that's right yeah and i was like i sat right next to him i remember telling
him like this fuck i go you're you're gonna be nasty like people couldn't really see edmonton
was bad but so you must have seen how good he can skate he can hammer guys he's pretty fucking great player he's so wide too you
can't go down skates like the wind and he looks it doesn't look slow it doesn't look like he's
flying you see him buzzing by guys glad that's i didn't know you played with him yeah he was my
d partner so i got to witness that firsthand and um i don't know obviously we were good for each
other but then i didn't know what it was going to be like without him the next year
because he took off and signed in Edmonton and played some games,
and then sophomore, junior, things just took off,
and that's when I was like, all right, this is something that could happen.
The NHL is still obsessed with size.
No, I don't think anymore, though. Do you?
It's getting better.
It is getting better.
It's getting better, yeah.
But Theo Fleury, who played, what, 20 I mean Theo Fleury played, you know, what
20, 30 years ago
25, 30 years ago
I mean, Manny St. Louis
So many guys, you know, undersized guys
Have proved that
You know, if you could be undersized
And still be a quality NHL
I'm not saying all teams
No, no
I agree
It's still
But now I just think that
Whereas a guy like St. Louis
And Theo Fleury They had to had to like really prove it or you
know st louis you know he was calgary got rid of him now i think if you're that small you still
get the shot right before i think guys didn't even get the shot i mean if you're coming up in
the 80s man you might not even get a shot no chance and it's crazy to think like it's just
that's you're right it's still like you look for that six foot one centerman or the taller defenseman but in the end it's at least now like oh let's see if this kid
can play now having said that the biggest guy who ever played a position in the nhl is zidane
ocharo what's what's it like having him for your cap and having him set the tone in the locker
room out like what kind of a role model has he been to you as a professional yeah well i think
early on it's it's extremely intimidating walking into a room with Zidane O'Chara, Patrice Bergeron, Tukes is there, Marci, all these guys.
I had Sean Thorne and Milan Lucic at the time, so I can run down the list.
That'll keep your lips shut.
Yeah, it's dead.
Just like walking in like this.
I think that was like the last time that rookies actually kept their mouth shut.
Oh, yeah, they even fucking loud most now.
It's a joke, yeah.
Now they control the radio and the music in the room.
It's like a joke.
But, yeah, so it was pretty intimidating walking into that room,
but he was just so receptive.
And, you know, it's just even though he's a foot taller than me,
I try to pick things out of his game, like how simple he makes the game and the way he works.
He's so intense.
Every day he shows up to work and he's ready to go.
And it doesn't matter if you just lost 5-0 the night before or you won 5-0.
This guy shows up and I'm very happy that I was able to pick some things up from him.
You got any message for the NHL draft this weekend?
You got any message for the kids who don't get drafted because obviously you weren't drafted?
That's why he's a great producer.
What a good question.
That's a great question.
He's going to make it.
So you want me to speak to you on this one?
Yeah, never give up.
He's like, man, just talk to me privately.
I won't stop staring at you right now.
Can you put in a good word for me?
We can do this off the show if you want.
Put in a word for Cam for me.
No, I mean, to be honest, I went through it,
and I was pretty bitter and pissed off that I didn't get drafted.
Were you?
I didn't.
Yeah, I was.
Oh, shit.
Well, the last year I had interviewed with the Bruins,
I got along great with Rod Brendamore.
He's a fellow Sparty down in Carolina.
Hot Rod.
Yeah.
Guy's a machine.
Rod the bot, baby.
Rod the bot, exactly.
They locked him out of the weight room, I heard.
Yeah, they did.
So I had a good relationship with him.
I went to their development camp the year prior.
So there were a few teams that had reached out and said, Hey, you know, we might take you.
And, um, you know, sitting around watching your computer screen, like waiting, waiting,
and nothing happens. And I was pretty pissed off, pretty bitter. And, um, I guess it was the best thing that ever happened to me. So if I got drafted, who's to say, you know, I don't get
comfortable with where I was and I don't end up in the league so uh for me it was the the fuel on the fire and um I was lucky enough to be able
to pick you know what team I could go play for that they had a hole in the lineup that I could
fill and um you know I was excited about that right I don't think everyone realized that you
could have played literally for anybody and you chose to come to Boston correct yeah how did that
go down yeah well um it's a long process coming out of school.
There's a lot of people that obviously you can talk to
and go through that process with.
So you dwindle your list down to a few teams.
I think I had about 10 to 15 teams that I could have talked to
and progressed more seriously, but I dwindled it down to about three or four.
The Bruins, they'd won the Stanley Cup a few years ago and people thought i was crazy for going there because
their defense was stacked with you know z johnny sides ference and equator and you just go down
the list and like where the hell are you gonna fit what are you doing buddy but they won the
stanley cup without a power play i think they were like six or seven percent they had the worst
power play in the history to win the stanley cup yeah That's why they brought in Cabriolet and he couldn't literally do anything?
Yeah.
So that was my line of thinking.
There was no one in that lineup that could do what I did.
And I was lucky enough to get my shot a couple years later.
No, I had been looking through your HockeyDB,
and I was like, have you ever played internationally for team usa like
world juniors were around so if you're telling me it's 17 16 you didn't even know what was going on
you weren't even you didn't even get a sniff in those not a sniff that's fucking unreal i don't
know it was uh i just wasn't one of their guys and yeah at that point the development program
and stuff it does matter boys but you know at the same time like i can't blame them i wasn't
there wasn't anything special when i at that younger age and uh obviously i've always had
similar talents that i do now like i was always a step ahead of the play i could think the game a
certain way but physically i was you know i got drafted the ohl in like the 13th round i was five
foot three 120 pounds so all right so you have so your game though like though, I'd say at least
one of your best weapons is your shot.
You can really one-time a puck.
Was it always like that even when you were little,
or was that fine then when you got stronger?
No, I had a muffin.
You had a muffin?
I had his muffin when he was 5'2",
120, and I was 6'4".
Wait a minute.
He's got his shirt off.
So you didn't have this shot.
That's what it was.
It wasn't just you were small,
but you didn't really,
and then it all started coming.
But I bring up international
only because I haven't talked to that many guys.
Were you upset no Olympics anymore?
Are you happy with that?
What was your thoughts on that whole thing?
I just think it's a,
I could give you the politically correct answer.
No, we don't want that. No, I know, but I'm saying, first and? I just think it's a  I could give you the politically correct answer. No, we don't want that on the show.
No, I know, but I'm saying, you know, first and foremost,
I think it's a big opportunity that they're missing to grow the game.
Same here.
Like, it's so many people over there.
It's kind of ridiculous.
And then a few years later, I think the Olympics is in Beijing or something.
Yeah, either way, they're going to places that if they want to grow the game,
I mean, forget being the guy who gets two, three weeks off
if you're not in the Olympics or getting to play in the Olympics.
It's just, it doesn't make sense to me.
I didn't know if you thought the same.
No, that's the first thing that comes to mind.
And then the second thing is, you know,
this might be my last crack at an Olympic team
and playing for Team USA and, you know,
filling a childhood dream.
So, yeah, that's kind of, you know,
the main reason I'm upset about it.
Grinnelli's happy because he might make that Olympic team.
He's got all warrior gear.
It's just going well.
You're a big movie guy.
We talk about movies on the show here and there.
You're a big hockey movie guy.
What's your off-ice stuff?
Golfer, anything?
Yeah, yeah, I'm working on the golf game, slowly but surely.
I had shoulder surgery last year, so that set me back a whole summer, which I don't think it mattered too much in the long end, but I'm working on the golf game slowly but surely. I had shoulder surgery last year so that set me back a whole summer
which I don't think
it mattered too much
in the long end
but I'm working on it, yeah.
I got a question for you.
So,
I'm looking at your legs here
and
This kid, man.
I'm willing to say that
both of my thighs combined
aren't even the size
of one of yours.
That was me.
You can throw mine in too.
That was me with Crosby too.
These guys that can skate,
they got the big fucking quads on them.
How much do you squat?
He's like a girl
at the greatest bar right now.
I know, can't believe it.
I'm trying to drag you
into one of my bedrooms over here.
Oh, man.
So, all right.
So we got,
looking forward to next season.
Pasternak this year, he's a young guy that's great.
You have Bergeron healthy.
What do you guys think that, like, I know, not what are your goals,
because every team has the same goals, but realistically, you know,
with Tuca in there, you guys think you could probably go pretty far
and make at least a run in the playoffs, I would say, with the roster you have.
Yeah, that's the thing.
You know, with Tuca, you can obviously create some damage.
So how about fans in the city who don't think he's a good goalie?
That's insane.
Can we talk to those bosses?
What the fuck is wrong with Moura?
How good is he?
He's unbelievable.
I don't score on him in practice.
Seriously.
It's like under 10 goals a year in practice for me on him.
And other players, you know, maybe less.
It's so easy, too.
It's such a joke.
But, yeah, he's incredible.
I, you know, so many times he's bailed myself out.
And, obviously, the team out as well.
And it's a joke.
He doesn't get the credit that he deserves.
But, you know, I guess that's one of the special things about playing in Boston, too.
I was going to say, you've been here a few years now.
I mean, I don't know.
You seem like too nice of a guy to be called an asshole,
unlike me and Whitney over here.
But what's on
Shoot!
Shoot!
Those people.
Fuck you guys.
What are your favorite things about the city,
and what are the things about Boston that you're not so crazy about?
I don't know.
I mean, I love the summers.
I always hear it's special here going to Fenway.
That's your dog's name, right? Yeah, yeah. I almost brought her today. I didn't know. Oh, I love the summers, obviously. It's special here, going to Fenway. That's your dog's name, right?
Yeah, yeah.
I almost brought her today.
I didn't know.
Oh, I love that.
Cool.
But, yeah, I love the people.
It's funny, man.
I love the fans.
I love, you know, you'll be walking down the street.
They'll shout your name, just say hi, and they're not doing anything crazy.
Like, you know like begging you for pictures
or autographs or anything.
It almost feels like you're part of the city.
So I love that, and I love the expectations.
It's the one thing that pushes us forward as athletes and as a team as well.
They expect a championship-caliber team every year.
They expect you to be better than you are,
and they expect you to reach your ceiling.
So that's the two things I love most yeah and the traffic sucks you traffic yeah it took
me way too long to get here today it's a joke so i ask all the guys where i try to remember
what is your favorite thing while playing in the nhl we can go to road cities flying private
eric just do you have do you have anything that you just like, someday 20 years from now, you'd be like, that was
the best part of the league. Oh, man.
I wish we
could wear go-no-buckets
and warm-ups. Dude!
Halsey fucked that one up.
Yeah, he really did.
Did he do it? So that's what
made Edmonton. Is that with you guys, too?
That's one of the main reasons. I think someone else
did it at the same time. Yeah, it was main reasons. I think someone else did it the same time.
Yeah, it was somebody else.
I remember.
Yeah, it was that same season.
Somebody else took a shot off the eye or something.
Yeah, something crazy.
No bucket and one off.
That made me so mad because I was so fired up to take my helmet off.
Actually, we got a little breaking news.
Oilers send Jordan Eberle to the Islanders in exchange for Ryan Strom
in the first big deal after the trade freeze.
Yeah.
Ebs out of Edmonton.
I mean, I love that people will be listening to this.
It's a day late tomorrow.
Either way, I mean, that just shows.
All right, so that actually can let me ask you quickly.
You're not in a position to worry right now,
but do you ever notice how tough it is for guys
when you hear your name in the rumors in the trade mill
and you're like, oh, god damn it.
I'm sure you haven't dealt with it really, but you can tell being in a locker room.
It sucks for guys to just worry and think about that.
Yeah, I will say fans have absolutely no idea what the trade deadline does to us as players.
Exactly.
It actually rattles me to a certain point.
I've never been involved in too many rumors, a few here and there.
But to see guys go through it, they families they have you know sons daughters they're
enrolled in school for the fans and you're just like oh well i'm just grinding through yeah exactly
they're they're so stressed out they don't even sleep at night they got to pull their kids out of
school go find a new place to live in a different city and uh just people don't understand what it's
like to uproot and go to a new place. And that's the one thing that bothers me.
But it's exciting to watch, man.
I'm sitting here looking over the next couple days and wondering what's going to go on.
A lot going on.
Speaking of a lot going on, obviously you said you listen to the show,
so you're familiar with All Right Hamilton.
When we take listening to questions, so stick around.
We always finish off with this, and then we'll let you go.
All right, boys.
Savvy Senior, not Savvy Junior, Savvy Senior
asked, who was the sneakiest, tough
guy you ever played against? Not a lot of penalty
minutes, but you knew not to piss him off
or he would destroy you.
Wow.
Pretty first.
Guy I played against.
I'll tell you who a guy
for sure I didn't play against.
I'm just in practice,
but Kevin Miller is that guy.
He looks like a lot of people when he fights.
Yeah, he's crazy, man.
He gets pretty upset.
Yeah, you don't piss that guy off because he's going to punch your face in.
Who was a good guy?
I think of a guy like Ben Eager. i remember i played with him and against him but
you're just like you know they fight but then there's this side of them that will just completely
fucking murder you so i mean i this kid steve penizzato too i played with him he played a little
bit with uh edmonton i played with him in the minors he plays in germany now but he was this
guy too who's pretty skilled and all of a sudden he'd be punching someone's head and you're like
uh i didn't know you had that in you.
Did you see that fight this year?
It was Sam Bennett and Jacob Truba or something.
Shocking knock-toes.
I didn't expect that at all.
So there's guys like that all around the league,
and you're like, all right, this little skinny little kid.
That's why I think if you ask most fighters,
as they're not around that often anymore,
but guys who, like, know what they're doing, you can never really, the minute you think you have somebody,
you know what I mean?
Like, oh, this guy's no deal.
You're just going to get knocked out.
It's like Max Domi.
He's little, but he can chuck and knock.
Yeah, he dummied Kessler this year, didn't he?
Yeah.
And then he kept fighting, and then he broke his hand.
They were like, all right, buddy, you're a playmaker here.
Let's go.
All right, so.
All right, who's yours?
Like, Sully down the block.
I was going to say, with some of those project kids, you had to worry about the blade on the stick.
I mean an actual knife blade that might be on the stick when you're going against them.
So you had to keep an eye out for that stuff.
All right.
So Ryan Coos asks, what's your favorite childhood hockey memory?
Oh, I can go first because I know mine right away.
Let him think.
And because I don't want to get detention.
You ever play in the Quebec peewee tourney?
I sure did, yeah.
I actually did as well.
Oh!
We took that down.
So, Shore Kings, 1983.
We beat the Richmond Hill Stars in the final.
The only...
What's the thing they put when there's an asterisk?
Asterisk, yeah.
The only asterisk is that year the Toronto Metro Hockey League,
what is it?
Is it like TMH, whatever?
GTHL.
GTHL.
They had boycotted it so their top two teams weren't there,
Toronto when you're 12 years old.
So, Grant, we might have had trouble with them,
but that was my favorite memory.
Yeah, we actually beat the Middlesex Islanders in the quarterfinals.
That's who I beat in the semifinals that year.
No shit.
Did you win it too?
Yeah, we won it, yeah.
And he still has a better memory.
He's like, no big deal, won that thing.
We went 0-4.
They let you play the last two games in a mall.
Yeah, it's like a terrible, terrible rink.
There's a rollercoaster going over there.
You know how they would do player of the game, though, each game?
I did get player of the game one game just because I won
about every faceoff.
There you go.
We lost about 13-0.
That's Canada.
They respect the defensive
side of the park.
Exactly.
Bergeron in the making.
Exactly.
Let me see.
Honestly, up North Adams, man,
we had street hockey
tournament, dude.
And I played on some
scrub team my first year.
You're like, I chugged
the most beers after the win.
No, dude, we had like
a one-day tournament. And honestly, dude, I don't know if what I ate the night before, dude, I stood on some scrub team my first year. You're like, I chugged the most beers after the win. No, dude, we had like a one-day tournament.
And honestly, dude, I don't know if what I ate the night before, dude,
I stood on my head the whole day.
I had dudes legit coming up and like,
asked me if I took lessons over the summer and like street hockey goaltending.
I was like, no, man, just on a better team.
So, yeah, winning a day-long tournament as the goaltender was probably my high point.
Just like a copy.
Yeah, I mean, Quebec was unbelievable.
How sick was that?
Yeah, it was amazing.
You feel like a superstar NHL player.
You're 13 years old.
Mugging it up with chicks at 12.
You're like, this is the NHL.
My cup's out of place.
Yeah, that was pretty cool.
I had a couple good ones.
Not just memories that I was a part of.
My brother took a stick to the eyebrow in the street hockey,
had to get a bunch of stitches.
My two older brothers got in a fight at a rink playing drop-in hockey
and beat the crap out of each other.
Both had to go get stitches.
So just little things like that.
It was fun to be a part of.
All right.
Andy asks, best captain or leader of a team you ever played with?
All right, Hamilton.
I think we know.
Really?
I'm not going to piss Z off by getting any other answer. you ever played with? All right, Hamilton. I think we know who Torrey is. Yeah.
Not going to piss Z off
by getting any other answer.
Well, you were a captain
on Michigan State too, correct?
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
You know what?
I think Crosby was the captain
I think of.
One of the best players
of all time.
But Sean Horkoff too.
A guy who's now retired
working for the Detroit Red Wings.
You know him well.
And I feel like Hork took a lot of heat when he signed a big deal with Edmonton
after they went to the cup finals.
He signed that huge ticket, and he had a couple great offensive seasons,
but he wasn't that offensive player much longer after he signed the deal.
So he took heat in Edmonton, but he was a captain,
and he's worked out and trained with them.
Nobody trained harder.
He would show up every night to every game.
We were losing 8-0 to the Blackhawks.
He's still doing the right thing.
I think of him all the time.
It's easy to be a captain when you're winning.
He was a captain on a team that really struggled.
Every guy who played with him, I would say, he's an amazing leader.
Working out, he's a fucking animal.
He's an animal.
He's a dick to play against, too.
It doesn't matter.
You're up 8-0 and he's in the corner sticking you out.
That's who I think of.
That wraps up the questions on All Right Hamilton.
Now, Torrey, what are your plans for the rest of the summer here?
Like you said, you're staying in Boston for the summer,
which speaks volumes for the city.
We like to have our guys stick around for the summer.
Other than working out and going to Fenway, what else you got on tap?
I got a trip to China planned with the Bruins and
a sponsorship that they're going over
to spread the game over there.
It's fun. Something I'm looking forward
to. I'd never go probably if it wasn't
for this trip. That's what I'm
doing. Nice. I think that's
about wrapping up the tour. Thank you enough, buddy.
Honestly, thanks so much for coming all the way
over here in studio for the
show. It's been a... In studio. I me, guys. To appear in studio for the show. In studio.
I like that.
Colebrook.
We got hot chicks walking around the studio.
Free Gatorade.
What's up, honey?
Yeah, what's up, babe?
So, no, seriously, thanks a lot for coming over, making yourself available to us.
It's been great.
We'd love to have you back again.
Appreciate it.
All right, guys.
Bye.
Peace out.
Peace out.
Now that you're gone All that's left is a band of gold
All that's left of the dreams I hold
Is a band of gold
And the memory of what love could be
If you were still
