Hey, Spittin' Chicklets listeners, you can find every episode on Apple Podcasts,
Spotify, or YouTube. Prime members can listen ad-free on Amazon Music.
Hello everybody, welcome to episode 361 of Spittin' Chicklets, presented by Pink Whitney.
We're friends at New Amsterdam Vodka here in the Barstool Sports Podcast family.
How's it going everyone?
We had a bond raising in the NHL this weekend, another insane Connor McDavid goal. A controversial scratch from Dallas.
And it's Thanksgiving week for the boys in America this week.
So, Grinnelly, let's go to you first.
What are your big plans for Turkey Day?
You mentioned Thanksgiving week.
My first thought, it's Black Friday week.
We got Cyber Monday.
I've been working on this stuff for over a year.
Biggest week of the year for me.
We're all repping the gear right now.
So we'll get into some of the stuff I've been working on for later.
But I'm excited.
Big week ahead for me.
The Chicklets elf just working away at this Santa's workshop.
Fuck off.
Just putting these Cyber Monday
and Black Friday sales together.
Thank you very much.
Some of the ugly sweaters turned out amazing.
Is that supposed to be me on that one?
No, skiing?
Yes and no.
No, no, no, no.
I'm the skier on the podcast when I went to Aspen.
What are you talking about, bro?
I've skied more than you in the last five years.
How many times you been skiing?
I don't know.
I'm a table skiing sweater.
You're the skier on the podcast, dude?
Maybe in the bar.
I've never actually skied more than I have in my last five years.
I'm the skier.
So it looks like me, kind of.
So what do you mean yes and no, G? Well, I would say I'm a skier, so it looks like me, kind of. So what do you mean, yes and no, G?
Well, I would say I
am the skier over here.
When was the last time you went skiing?
When was the last time you went skiing?
You ever go down a black diamond, bro?
You gotta have a height requirement
to get on the lift. I went to
Plymouth State, baby. It was all skiing
all the time, so you don't gotta hit me
with that shit, G. Oh, yeah, once you quit the all the time. So you don't got to hit me with that shit. Oh, yeah.
Once you quit the lacrosse team, you could ski all year. Is that Witt's mic or his voice?
I'm not really sure.
No, my voice is worse.
My voice is worse.
I think both went a little bit squeaky there.
But as far as a skier, I thought after my trip to Aspen and some of those videos I sent you of me shredding the gnaw.
Gnaw?
Gnaw?
What's it called? Shredding the gnaw? Isn't it the pow? Shredding the gnaw? Gnaw? What's it called?
Shredding the gnaw?
Isn't it the pow?
Shredding the gnaw.
Shredding the gnaw.
What's gnaw stand for?
Gnarly.
I don't know.
The gnarly?
Gnarly.
Oh, gnarly.
Shredding the gnarly?
Shredding the gnaw.
Shredding the gnarly.
I thought that was surf.
That's what the cool guys call it anyway,
where I was an aspen on the perfect powder.
But I would love to challenge
you to some torp some type of uh uh like downhill ski event i think let's play chess while we ski
down a hill okay chess is first and then we'll get to the ski we'll do a little uh pink whitney
apres ski and that's kind of what the theme of the sweater was uh what else were we talking about
right before that all right we're doing the intros okay i was uh talking about right before that? R.A. was doing the intros. Okay.
I was talking about Thanksgiving and Biz
actually I was wondering do you do as
a Canadian in America do you celebrate
Canadian Thanksgiving in October and then do it again
in November? Yeah there's a bunch of Canadian
guys around like you know Ray
Whitney lives around the corner. The
actual the top
Whitney around here.
You know like Donor and a bunch of hockey guys so there is one i don't
think it's celebrated as intensely as the the american one around here uh but i you know i
usually just kind of treat them both the same where i don't go full-fledged on the dive in i
might eat like somewhat shitty for the day but you know i just like i don't know i don't really get
too too consumed in either of
the holidays i know when like what do you have like 20 people event to go to on thursday we're
hosting we're hosting oh my god so yeah who'd you hire for a kata pardon who'd you hire for a kata
my wife will put a fucking shank in your neck for even saying that all right
i love reality let's get a rough we're not all going to boston market for our thanksgiving dinner all right
i'll tell you this right now i'll tell you this right now thanksgiving is a top notch top titty
holiday oh yeah i i love july 4th i love thanksgiving i love christmas but thanksgiving's
probably the top so So we're hosting.
We had a monster party for Wyatt's first birthday party Saturday.
Mini pony for the pony rides for the kids.
Nice.
A petting zoo.
Dude, they had these bunny rabbits swaddled like you swaddle a baby.
None of you three morons would know what swaddle is. It's when you really wrap a baby tight.
The bunny was four.
No, there was three different bunnies four
days old swaddled so the kids could hold them there was a pig you could pet there was a little
mini donkey that that was like they they put a stake in the ground and then you know the leash
was probably like 30 yards or maybe 20 yards so it could kind of walk around the yard and um all
of a sudden it like it somehow like lifted the it got
it got the it got the thing out of the ground out of the ground yeah so it started running away dude
i ran over it boom stepped on it stepped on the very last thing in the leash before it ran into
the street so i consider myself not only the proud father of a one-year-old that his birthday party
but also saving the life of a mini donkey. So that was a blast.
It was an absolute scene for a while.
We had a bunch of great friends over.
Little kids enjoyed themselves.
Bouncy house in the garage.
Actually, I kind of just got caught here.
We did get that one catered, all right.
We did get that catered.
Oh, you didn't blow it up yourself?
That's how he lost his voice. You didn't blow it up yourself? That's how he lost his voice.
You didn't bring your own pony?
No, I was sick.
This is like a flu game for me, guys.
I'm grinding through this.
You can tell.
So we hired this company out of Peabody, Mass.
Trashbag, North Shore, where Grinnelli's from.
The Big Pig.
Unreal barbecue.
They had ribs,ak tips Chicken Cornbread
All that
So the kid ends up telling me
He's like
I didn't want to tell you
At the beginning
I'm a huge fan
I'm a huge fan
Great job
I love the show
And fuck Stephen Che
That nerd at
I go
I know he's such a loser
That kid
So he was on board
With me there
But I'm ready for
For holiday week
I love Wednesday night
It's like a big drinking night Even though I'm not drinking Stay hot wit But I think I'll a holiday week. I love Wednesday night. It's like a big drinking night, even though I'm not drinking.
Stay hot with.
But I think I'll enjoy myself this week after tonight's episode,
watch some hockey, and we've got a sandbagger.
We've got a sandbagger next week?
Next week it's coming out with one of our guests today.
We scrambled to get Zegers on.
I mean, we had a wonderful time with him on the course, folks,
but this kid has taken the NHL by storm this year.
Still rookie eligible, so still up for the Calder.
And we had to get him on after his stick-tossing incident
following in his good friend Jack Hughes' footsteps.
So there's a new wave, and it's undeniable.
And I'm sure there's some old guys really, really upset.
These guys are chucking sticks in the crowd.
You think they don't? Like old, old.
You don't think there's certain sticks in the crowd but we don't like old old you don't think okay you don't think
there's certain guys in the league watching nhl network in the fucking locker room being like i'm
gonna fucking take this kid's head off for doing that no do you think when we played there were
guys if they would have done that that they would have said that yeah okay all right so you think
it's the whole thing's changed i think it's that one generation that when we played,
like the guys Mark Reckie's age,
not saying Reckie would have been pissed,
but that age, John LeClair, Mark Reckie.
Okay.
I think maybe that level of guys would have maybe got pissed,
but now the older guys or us then,
like I'm thinking like Blake Wheeler, I mean, he's not that old,
but Getzey, I don't think Getzey getsy was pissed right he was on all of us speaking of jack hughes he's he's uh back on
the ice today so that's great news for the devils who are still in the playoffs still in the hunt
still in the hunt man i thought i was writing them off right after they lost him especially early and
they've done a good job man they've been we have a lot of teams biz a lot of we had some predictions
that are incorrect on both sides that we'll get to today.
So I'm looking forward to chatting it up.
Biz, we've got to mention we have a pair of studs coming on today.
Not just Trevor Zegers.
We also have Vancouver's Connor Garland.
We talked to him a few weeks back.
Awesome kid, local kid, me and Whitno a little bit.
Fantastic interview.
We've got those coming a little bit later.
So two studs.
What else, Biz, did you have before we chug on? I didn't i cut you off there so no no i um you know i had a great day today did a little
bit of uh yoga by the pool a little breathing smoked a big fat fucking jay the weather here
is perfect just doing some deep breathing getting ready and preparing for the podcast get a little
nice little glare so i don't have to put as much makeup on for tnt i think people uh definitely
it was you by a landslide as far as how bad the makeup honest to god i think you're such a loser
that you complained about yours like no no no no so the case so the picture they used wasn't from
the night that it was bad oh good job fuck well that makes a lot of sense because i was like what
no no so yeah i'm gonna try to get a picture of it
But like buddy trust me
It was like when I used the thing after
To take all of it off
I think I needed a full pack of dude wipes
Or whatever the wipe things you use
To wipe your face off of the makeup
So no yeah I know that you were saying
I know you went to twitter
And called me a diva for complaining
About my makeup
i just that was the picture you were but if that's not the picture then i'm i still corrected buddy
i have no problem apologize that's when i had the gilligan suit on uh during the second tnt this one
uh this is when i called uh murph an asshole it was the first segment so then after that one but
anyway uh where was I?
Oh, but yeah, but just studying up on all this hockey,
we've got to talk about, guys. There's a lot of great storylines, a lot of cool things happening.
The fucking Battle of Alberta is alive and well.
We're obviously on the full pulse of the league,
so I'll hand it back over to you, R.A.,
just other than the fact that I'm excited to get going here.
All right, well, we mentioned Turkey Day coming up.
That means a big football week, so make sure you're ready for the tailgate
and the victory party by grabbing some Pink Whitney.
And if football isn't your thing, then simply head over to your local spot
and make sure to order some Pink Whitney.
It's the perfect shot for you and the fellas or the ladies.
Enjoy some more Pink Whitney.
All right, I mentioned the bond raising and the introduction.
Well, the Islanders, after decades, it seems like,
they finally got their new arena,
a 1.2 billion on Long Island in Elmont,
just next to Belmont Park.
And then everyone's excited.
Their first game, and then what happens?
This motherfucking COVID knocks about a third of their lineup out.
They end up losing 5-2 to Calgary.
They play again Sunday night, lose to Toronto 3-0.
But I think we should talk about the new place first.
I texted Frankie Borelli.
He said this place is absolutely unbelievable.
They have that kind of one bowl whole feature so you can see the entirety of the game wherever you are.
And I don't know if you guys caught the piece from Wyshynski on ESPN.
There's 17 bars in this building that you can visit.
And he went to all of them during the game to check out the scene.
Dude, 17 a fucking beer in a can, 18 for wine, 19 for drinks.
Not a surprise in this day and age, but those are fucking ghastly numbers.
There is a speakeasy as well, isn't there?
Yeah, there's a speakeasy in there as well.
Yeah, which I guess if you're telling people it's a speakeasy,
it's probably not a speakeasy.
Yeah, that's the new style of speakeasy you tell everybody about.
Half the Islanders fans can't even speak, so it makes no sense that they'd have a speakeasy, it's probably not a speakeasy. Yeah, that's the new style of speakeasy. You tell everybody about it.
Half the Islanders fans can't even speak,
so it makes no sense that they'd have a speakeasy. That's how you get in.
You just grunt and mumble.
You're basically...
Fuck John Tavares, and the place just opens up for you.
Yeah, you throw a snake at the door.
Hey, you show up to the front door like Merle's on our trips,
and they let you in. Speaking of that mush, he went to the front door like Merle's on our trips, and they let you in.
Speaking of that mush, he went to the Bills game.
He's like, you got to hammer the Bills.
I'm going to the game, which I should have been like,
I'm going on the Colts.
The Bills got trounced.
I lost everything.
So the mush continues.
But EBR's been hot.
I was going to say, for those of you who don't know,
Merle's Matt Murley comes on our trips with us.
He helps out in the gambling portion.
He's really been hot on his Europeanan picks including the khl right with the ebr crew guys unless i'm telling him every time i tell him in the cage i swear to god the fucking belt loses
but merles has been hot in russia it's fucking obscene uh anyways going back to the the new
arena in uh long island they have a tavern the off Offside Tavern. It used to be a bar in Manhattan
where all the Islanders fans went,
so they sort of recreated it within the arena.
And they used to have player-named drinks
at the place in Manhattan.
And I guess Lou said,
no player-named drinks,
so it has to be team-named drinks.
I guess he manages on that level,
so they didn't want to name drinks half the players
because it detracts from the team.
So only team-centric names,
which is fucking hilarious.
The Barzell comes with a blowjob from a smoking blonde.
What else about that one?
Wow, shit biz.
That's a great question.
I wish I thought of that earlier.
But how about a Matt Martin shot that just knocks you out right away?
Right when you do it, you're just fucking knocked out cold on the fucking floor.
Well, they should be the Pink Whitneys because of how soft they're playing right now.
Whoa! fucking knocked out cold on the fucking floor well they should be the pink whitney's because of how soft they're playing right now whoa
hey tickle the balls tickle the balls paul mary has a drink and a local barbershop just
drops off bags of hair and he's gonna just chug a fucking pint of body hair
with a little vodka on top yeah no i like that. The Russian goalies could tie in with some Pink Whitney.
Obviously, the Russians love their vodka.
What's something that old people drink?
Like real...
Oh, like a Manhattan?
Well, because their team's so old now,
they should get like the Werther's original shot
or some form of that.
Werther's?
Dude, Werther's get a bad rap.
My grandmother used to have Werther.
That's an old person candy.
Yeah. Maybe like
the ones on the Vegas Strip, the real
tall ones that you put the beer in, that could be
the Chara. The big tall boy.
There was another funny tidbit.
To test out the team,
the plumbing situation in the building, they had all
the team employees flush at the same time
just to give the
system a good run and
everything went through fine but uh wit i don't know if they're like donnie you weren't supposed
to take a shit dude i was kind of pissed they didn't call me and hey ira can you plug this up
for us so we can test it out it'd be like that uh i don't know if you guys saw that viral video of
that elephant that was uh constipated and then the the keeper ended up getting out the clunk that
was like the the dry clunk that was
and then all of a sudden as soon as that came through it was like where are you finding it was
ass juice just all in this guy's grill smoked this afternoon and then he googled viral no it's
no it was it's been all over i i don't even log on that much anymore. I'm usually on and off, and even I saw it on a couple platforms.
It was the  we talked about the elephant's hoses not too long ago.
Now we got the constipated elephants, the king of the jungle.
I read that when Foxborough Stadium opened,
did you ever go to the old one in Foxborough where the Pats played,
the worst stadium in history?
Nope, never went there.
When they opened that, it was probably like late 60s, early 70s.
They did the same thing.
They did a team flush to test the system, and it flooded the whole fucking building.
Almost ruined the place, which is probably a perfect metaphor for that place.
Is that the-
Probably the worst stadium ever.
Is that like the boat version of breaking the bottle of champagne on the bottom?
Yeah, it might be.
Flushing all the toilets?
Everybody flush at once
what's the grossest thing you guys ever seen in like an old arena whether like minor leagues like
fucking nhl wherever i mean i played in some bad barns i would say that by the end i was kind of a
little over um joe lewis just okay yeah but just i love oh they used that locker rooms where their
old locker rooms were
great for the visiting okay you know what maybe i'm a little biased because they used to have
those tiles or not tiles the towels that were um they were like plastic bags yeah those were like
you're just pushing the water like give us some fucking drying get us some cotton here that's all
i care i would have paid fucking 30 percent escrow okay just get
some fucking towels that absorb the goddamn water so i but i never had a real issue like if it would
have kept going another five years and or or even to now because i like the um what do you call the
boss and red sock stadium wrigley fenway parkway Fenway fuck I always mix the two up Chicago but
those are two that I think that they'll you know could you probably get more fans in Boston
absolutely but there's just the character and classic element to it I don't think it'll ever
move right it'll always be that stadium they had a window to build the new Fenway probably 10 12
years ago and if they didn't do it then they probably never will because because they decided to just fucking put seats on top of the green marts
and they just put more seats all over the place.
And, yeah, I don't think Fenway will ever go anywhere, to be honest with you.
Like even Mellon Arena.
Oh, my  I love that.
I was going to say that once I visited Mellon, that was the worst
because the visitor's room  remember the room?
Yeah, it wasn't very good.
I mean, I also played one time there.
I was with the Ducks my first game back.
I was minus four.
We got trounced.
So it was like an awful memory for me.
But that room was so shitty.
I'd been in there during training camp one of the years.
Have we ever talked about the fact that the game you went back,
not to put salt in the wound.
I'd only been minus three, actually.
Oh, only three?
Okay, well, that's a lot better.
Not that that's that much better, but yeah, we got trounced.
I had a tough play on one of these blue-line turnovers.
I remember Jordan Stahl scored, I think.
But that locker room was disgusting.
The fact that that's where the Wings won the Cup when I was on the Penguins and celebrated.
Now, granted, you don't care if you're in a street alley celebrating after you win the Cup.
But just a horrific crime scene, Mellon Arena, for the visiting clubs.
after you were in the cup, but just a horrific crime scene,
Mellon Arena for the visiting clubs.
You know what was gross was MSG before they redid it over.
That locker room was brutal.
I think one of the grossest things I saw was probably me throwing up in the stall at MSG when I thought I was going to be playing forward.
I told this story.
Terrian had been playing me at forward.
I was playing so bad, but he wanted me for the power play.
So then we played at home against the Rangers.
We actually won in the afternoon.
Then we flew to New York, and we didn't play until the next night.
So I was like, I'm going out.
I've been playing four minutes a game, fourth line forward,
Bissonnette style.
So I went out all night.
I get to the rink.
I'm actually playing D.
I'm like, oh, no.
I was so hungover after the warm-ups.
I was in the stall full uniform on minus my helmet
throwing up everywhere so that was disgusting i ended up playing 21 minutes solid though i didn't
have any points but i was money that got me back in the lineup we ended up going to cup finals that
year but that was gross another rink that was was you were puking like that other guy courtside the
other day at the nba game was that an msg that was that was deranged oh my goodness
that i felt so bad for the guy it wasn't already said it the other day it wasn't even attempting
to like stop or anything i i've never seen that before i mean i've been watching hoops forever
like to to puke on yourself at midcourt on the court and to not make any effort whatsoever i
don't know if the kid was that buckled or just letting people clean up.
I think there's probably an element to the fact that you're on an island
at that point.
And you know at that point the play had been stopped, right?
So both benches are kind of having their chuckles about it.
And you're just there puking like, what are you going to do?
He probably went into a state of shock in the sense he's like, I'm gonna be on just like mr log roller over here he was like i'm not
leaving until the mascot cleans this up oh you didn't see the mascot cleaning up the fucking
dude's puke in the video no i i did but did you did you get the sense that he was just kind of
like ah whatever doing it or or stayed there and kept doing it the way he was because of the state of shock he was in he was fucked up he was just
hammered exactly he didn't even know where he was he was blacked out yeah that's that's a tough scene
that wasn't like he that that much he was just like sober throwing up like like acting like that
well well you don't you don't think at the point when he was throwing up he was like coherent or do you think he's not gonna remember a thing about all that because i
you should remember that maybe but like when you're that buckled i mean i i i feel like you're
just kind of like what is happening yeah i guess i just never get that fucked up so i guess it's
hard for me to comprehend there was no swaying or like it didn't he didn't like look fucked up like
if someone who's puking himself like youing themselves, they'd probably put their head down.
He's just sitting there.
There was nothing going on there.
I've never seen that.
But when I've seen the clip of the mascot, I opened him up.
That's when I lost my shit.
Yeah, that's when you go in the next day and you ask for a raise if you're the mascot.
Just squeegeeing up puke.
Now, we were talking about the buildings but yes definitely nothing even close to uh to to wit puking in the stall pre-game
at msg playing hungover now how were you up front on forward although you were only playing four
minutes i i was just chipping it out chipping it in off the pretty good life yeah it was nice i was
like this is what these guys do now granted i didn't have to fight but i was like this is
fucking easy i could do this hungover.
That's why I said I'll go out that night with my buddy Bunzo.
I woke up.
I think I slept in his bed.
I was like, oh, where's my MSG?
And I was like, yeah, I'm playing fourth line forward.
A monkey could do this.
And this has been doing it for five years.
Most valuable primate.
I didn't have to do anything.
But then it was actually not bad because then we got a power play.
I'd hop right over the bench and do my thing.
Yeah, but that's got to be hard, though, going from just beating the puck up,
beating it to a square, making sure it's in the corner and then changing,
to then you've got to start making plays all of a sudden.
Yeah, but I was a decoy.
It was Gonchar, Malkin, Crosby, Bugsy.
I was a decoy. It was Gonchar, Malkin, Crosby, Bugsy. I was a decoy over there.
I respect your honesty, Whit.
Thanks.
Piz, if your team was opening a brand-new arena, a brand-new locker room,
what kind of amenities would you want in a modern-day locker room?
A nice big steam room for the boys after wins.
For me, Yans, who would usually come in?
Gordo would come in.
We'd have Sammy Lapisto.
We'd have,
we have at least two,
three beers after a nice Saturday win at the home.
But our,
our steam room at the coyotes facility could fit like five guys comfortably,
maybe.
So if you could get a nice big steam room with,
that would be probably my first ask as a fourth line peasant,
as you mentioned just previously there. steam room's definitely big i think it'd be cool to
somehow make like a like they have like i've been to a bar where when you're pissing it's a one-sided
mirror so you can like look out at the bar while you're pissing that's creepy well no but but people
are in the bar looking at a mirror but when you'reing, you can see what's going on out at the bar.
So if you were somehow able to figure it out as you're pissing in the locker room,
it's actually like you can look out in the crowd, see what's going on at intermission and stuff.
I like that.
That'd be decent.
I like that.
Just something to liven it up, give you something to talk about.
Maybe you noticed a girl during the game and she's still sitting in a seat at intermission.
You get to piss and you're still looking at her.
That's a little awkward, I guess, now that I say it out loud.
But I don't know, man.
I was reading that the locker room and the weight room and the whole players' facility at the new UBS Arena is like out of this world.
I'd actually love to check a game.
They were my pick.
We can get to the Islanders.
They were my pick to win the Stanley Cup.
Holy shit, did the wit mush work.
This team's pathetic.
Pathetic. Now, granted, did the wit mush work. This team's pathetic. Pathetic.
Now granted, COVID's
ripping through them. And in taking
my Cup picks side,
I am a little confused as to what
makes Ottawa get games
canceled and the Islanders don't.
I don't know if it's the exact same
number of players that have been out because of COVID,
but there was enough where I was
kind of like, oh, is there a chance they do this?
But my issue with Islanders fans and the team is like,
they're complaining about the 13-game road trip to start the season.
Your fucking arena wasn't going to be ready in time.
That's not Gary Bettman's fault.
That's not the NHL's fault.
That's your construction company's fault for sitting around.
They were waiting on the speakeasy.
That's your construction company's fault for sitting around.
They were waiting on the speakeasy.
They had to put the finishing touches on it.
They were waiting on the jazz band to build the speakeasy.
But that is not the league's fault that your arena wasn't going to be ready in time.
And they had a great start to that road trip, mind you.
They lost the first two games of the year.
Then they started rolling. They beat Winnipeg they played nice and then it just fell out like granted it completely fell apart then they get home and the covid's definitely how are you going to win
games with that many guys out but let's not forget that at that road trip when they still had guys
playing they looked like shit at the end of it they got to get it figured out they still have
plenty of time to get this thing turned around.
Over 60 of their games will be home games now for the rest of the season.
They're going to get these guys back healthy.
They need Pellock and Pulak back.
ASAP.
Two of their top two defensemen.
They play the most minutes.
Pulak runs the power play.
They're the shutdown pair.
They need those guys.
And to look at the effort that they had against the Leafs, horrible.
On the power play, oh, my God, Marner gets that beauty shorthanded goal,
sick pass from Muzzin, and that was all she wrote.
Like, they had no chance to come back.
So I know that the Islanders fans are looking to blame anyone but their own team,
but Jesus Christ, you got to figure it out.
No tailgating at the new
rink too so they can't even get that that mojo and that that reek of uh smoke and booze coming
into the arena that usually affects the away teams coming in so i don't know i think maybe the new
rink you know maybe a new brand of hockey if i was if i was uh lamarillo i would have had him in the
baza on the road for the 13 game road road trip, checking times with. So we'll
see if this team can turn around, but
definitely an embarrassing start. And
a team that for years and years
you guys convinced me that you're going to
be that cup contender that we thought you guys
were going to be, and then all of a sudden you lay an egg
and then for Borelli to go complain
against a 13-game road trip.
It was pathetic.
What was the stat when the last team that had a 13 13 game road trip it was pathetic what was the what was the stat when uh
the last team that had a 13 game road trip at some point in the season it happened to it to another
good team coming into the year who was it 2011 the vancouver canucks had a 13 game road trip
because of the olympics what happened and they won the president's trophy biz interesting so yeah
oh 13 game road trip of our rallies how'd the season end though well i mean yeah i mean they And they won the President's Trophy, Biz. Oh, interesting. So, yeah. Oh, third game of the game, Road Trap, rallies.
How'd the season end, though?
Well, I mean, yeah.
I mean, they went to the Cup Final.
Are you kidding me?
They went to the Cup Final game seven.
I'm trolling.
I know.
I know, but you're telling me that, I mean,
they can't even get over the conference finals hump,
let alone get to the Stanley Cup Final.
I mean, let's walk before we run here for these Islanders fans.
Anyways, you did mention Ryan Pullick, though.
Four to six weeks with a lower body injury after he blocked a shot.
We also want to give a shout-out to defenseman Andy Green.
Played his 1,000th game last Monday versus Tampa Bay.
He's really been able to extend his career on Long Island biz.
They got him at the deadline a couple years ago.
He's latched on for another couple years.
Just a solid veteran you can depend on in a lot of situations.
Yeah, a good five or six now.
Just a good, steady guy.
A Lou-type player.
And I was going to say, for the next four games, it doesn't get much easier.
I think they got the Rangers twice.
They got Philadelphia, who's been playing solid to start the year.
And Pittsburgh, who's kind of turning it around now.
But they're starting to get their guys back,
and they're going to be hungry for wins too.
And the reason why I'm not very confident in this Islanders team,
I thought coming in the, what is it,
the Central that was going to be the strongest division,
I think that this division has taken over easily as the strongest,
and especially at the fact that with the injury to Jack Hughes,
you still even got the Devils cranking.
So there's no easy games in this division.
Night in, night out, it's going to be an absolute
dogfight to the end. And hey,
maybe that's one thing that does benefit them,
because nobody can really separate themselves.
So, who knows? We'll see.
Next four games are going to be big, though, against some good
teams.
While we were recording last Monday,
a very festive game between
Tampa Bay and the Islanders.
Big Z and the Big Rig went at it.
Fourth or fifth time in their career they fought.
But then Biz's son, Joe Cirelli, he went after Brock Nelson.
Nelson buried Colon in the corner.
Colon was already engaged with the guy, so I could see why Cirelli took exception.
He scrapped and Biz, he did.
He looked like you spit him out afterwards, the way his nose was bent and shit.
And then after that, Tampa Bay rookie Boris Kachuk actually went after Big Z.
I mean, Z gave him a cross check right to the fucking face.
But you don't see too many rookies going after a guy like Big Z.
Pretty festive affair for a Monday night.
That's like the Shveshnikov when you're like, oh, shit, I poked the bear.
He's coming now.
Right, Whit?
Like, you're just like, the wires cross, and you're like, oh, no.
What have I done?
When Ovi one-punched Shveshnikov? Yeah, when you just, you're kind of like, oh, Whit? You're just like, the wires cross, and you're like, oh, no. What have I done? When Ovi one-punched Sveshnikov?
Yeah, when you're kind of like, oh, yeah?
And then you're like, oh, shit.
Right in the face.
But I actually thought he got in there, and yeah, Chara looked so pissed off.
And almost when he got him down, would have killed him if people hadn't jumped in there.
But I respected the hell out of that.
That kid, that takes a lot of balls to go after Zidane
O'Chara like that, and I don't know
what started. I know Maroon and Big Z
have fought before, but it was right off the opening faceoff
of the game, and you could tell Maroon went in to
play the puck, and Z just came in from the blue line
and said, let's go. So I don't know, maybe Z
was just trying to get the team fired up, but
good for Maroon, and Maroon, you could tell
he's doing his best, but O'Chara's
reach is so long, it's like, when you think you Maroon, you can tell he's doing his best, but Charles reaches so long.
It's like when you think you're safe,
you can still squarely connect right in your face.
So he threw a body blow that looked like it could have broken a couple ribs.
I don't know if Patty was okay for that one,
but to square off with that guy, what a petrifying idea.
Oh, my God.
That's why he keeps a little extra meat on the side there, Whit,
so he can take those body blows.
But that just goes to show Big Z, too.
I know he's slowing down a little bit.
And going back to the Islanders quickly,
overall, even when they played the Coyotes,
they heavily rely on that defensive structure
because they don't really come out of it
and they don't really show flashes of a lot of offensive brilliance.
They really have to rely on timely scoring and goaltending.
But Big Z willing to do the little things
like now late in his career like if the team's struggling like that he's like i'm gonna go out
there off the opening face off 24 years now and i'm gonna be the guy to try to set the tone because
that's what i can contribute that's just that's the kind of guy he is i think that's that's pretty
cool at his age uh one additional note tampa bay i did lose Braden Point indefinitely with the upper body
injury. He was tripping Saturday's loss to New Jersey
by Ryan Graves, crashed into the board,
saw they're already missing Kucharov, but
Tampa's still humming along, 10-4-3, six points
back of the division lead, and they've got three
games in hand, so see what happens
there, but shit bears, but all those bars
in one arena, Islanders fans
better make sure they bring their DHM detox
to the game, because fortunately for them
and the fans of the other 31 teams,
no days wasted is having their biggest
seal of the year.
Black Friday is here with 40 off
everything and only for
Chicklets listeners. The biggest seal
they've ever had. It's perfect
for gifts, stocking stuffers
and holiday parties. Biz,
you love this stuff. You give it out to stuff. I mean, you covered most of it.
I've been handing out like candy.
I actually had some the other night on the weekend
when I was getting a little bit crippled.
DHM Detox, that is the pill that kills the toxins
of the alcohol before they get to your liver.
It's under the no days wasted umbrella.
They also have these electrolytes,
the replenisher packs
they're excellent i drink them day to day just to get that sodium especially like after workouts and
just to have my everyday uh minerals but if you're drinking guys when you get home put one of these
in your in your water bottle take it down and you're going to wake up feeling way better especially
if you do like kind of like the combo at it the pills, and even the next day in recovery from these
next day not feeling
so great. So, no days wasted,
40 off with the Biz20
promo code, right? It's the Biz20 still?
Or Biz40? No, Biz40.
Biz40? You can't give Biz20
when it's 40. Biz40
promo code for 40 off. Enjoy the
holidays, Cyber Monday, Black Friday,
whatever it may be. Awesome product.
And that's all I got to say about it.
Yeah, they also have the vitamins too. They sent
a bunch this way too. Sometimes you
don't get your proper vitamins, so it's always good to have
that. Especially someone like me who avoids the sun.
I need a little extra vitamin D.
Can't beat it, man. They have two
gummy vitamins and they're just
hard to put down. I know you can't be
ODing on vitamin C, but they're very very very tasty and they definitely make you want to take
them every day and dhm detox is 100 risk-free purchase on your first box so if you don't love
it they'll refund you dhm detox is also now on gopuff so that means delivery to your house a
party or the bar in 30 minutes or less just head head over to GoPuff and search No Days Wasted.
And once again, that promo code is biz40 for 40 off,
and the site is nodayswasted.co.
That's nodayswasted.co, promo code biz40.
All right, boys, chugging right along.
Hey, quickly, are you buying or selling on the Islanders making playoffs, Whit?
You think they'll make playoffs still?
Yes.
Yeah.
But if you get to like end of December
and they're still sitting in second to last or last in the Metro,
I don't know, another month of this and you're in one.
So they got to get these guys back healthy.
The COVID guys should be back soon, but still.
It's just becoming, it could become too big of a hole to dig out of.
Do you know what I'm saying?
Yeah, six losses in a row.
Yeah, I mean, the good thing is if you're going to tank
or have a shitty stretch, it's good to do it early in the season
because, you know, if you fucking have a bad slump,
you might only be six, eight points behind.
You've got plenty of time to make it up.
All right, meanwhile, across the river, the Rangers, Sunday night,
we saw our head coach Gerard Gallant and Mika Zibinejad kind of jarring each, across the river, the Rangers Sunday night, we saw our head
coach Gerard Gallant and Mika Zibinejad kind of jarring each other at the end of the game.
After the game, Gallant said that he was telling Zibinejad, stop yelling at the ref. There were
0.4 seconds left when the Rangers scored and there was a missed penalty call. So Zibinejad was giving
it to him. Gallant was giving it back to him. And I guess after the game, Mika was, you know,
he was pretty jacked up during the game he said they had a laugh about it afterwards
all good but I want to ask you guys have you ever
had like a fuck you match on the bench with a
coach like that in your career anywhere
not that they were saying fuck you to each other but you get
the point I think Biz and I were the guys had we said
fuck you to the coach it was just like okay sit
down you're done oh yeah
never animated
discussion maybe not necessarily
fuck you bombs but I don't even think I did at an animated discussion maybe, not necessarily fuck you bombs, but.
I don't even think I did at the ECHL level.
I think maybe in the OHL in some frustrating times with the Saginaw spirit, maybe.
But no, never a full-blown fuck you.
As Whit mentioned, we didn't have the power to do that.
We would have been back down in the minors
and or fucking at home waiting for a trade trade what about if you were on a new team and on your old
team's bench staring at the coach would you tell him to fuck you then and what of course i'm
referring to the picture of you in your oilish uniform on the ducks bench that we put on social
media what's the story behind that i mean that was i wish i wish i had one i actually have no clue i
i must have got hit under the bench that's my only explanation somebody ran me into the bench Like, that was hilarious. I wish I had one. I actually have no clue.
I must have got hit under the bench.
That's my only explanation.
Somebody ran me into the bench.
I probably fell under the bench.
Randy's face in that picture is so funny.
Randy would always chirp guys on the other team.
He was probably saying something to me, but at the time the picture was taken, he just looked at me in disgust.
Like, I'm so happy this guy's getting off my bench now.
He's not going to come back to the bench because he's on another team.
But I don't know what that was.
That was a game in Edmonton.
Two struggling teams.
They weren't good then.
We weren't good.
And I was stuck on the bench after getting buried.
I'm guessing.
I don't remember it, though.
I saw that picture.
I was like, what the fuck?
I don't even know if I'd ever seen that picture.
Were you the guy, if you got hit by the other team's bench,
would you kind of sell it where you would go in
and make sure your stick was kind of getting mixed in there a little bit?
Trying to take out some teeth as you're going flying into the opposing team's bench?
Not teeth, but just making sure you're just spreading out in their bench a little bit.
No, I don't remember that many times getting hit into the other team's bench.
Maybe that was a common thing for you, but I don't remember that.
I do know, though, that any time somebody's stick came into the bench,
you were immediately snapping it.
You were doing your best to just snap the stick right in half.
I actually think on one of the teams, somebody got a two-minute unsportsmanlike
for doing that, but you'd spray the guy with water.
You'd do whatever you could to piss the guy off.
You were a water spurter when the guys would have the draw right there by the bench?
Yeah.
Oh, yeah.
The winger's got his ass.
You just spray the back of his socks.
All of a sudden, his calf's soaked.
He's a little slower.
That would drive you nuts.
That was a water squirter.
Guy turns around.
I was like, was it me?
Was this guy?
You're coming in the shower.
It wasn't me.
Wasn't me.
It wasn't me.
Wasn't me. What else't me. Wasn't me.
Well, what else we got for hockey talk?
Who was that, Jaggie?
Jag.
The Boston Bruins schedule is something we wanted to talk about.
They got a disaster.
One of my biggest pet peeves with the National Hockey League.
Yeah, they have an absolute disaster to end the season.
They've already had two huge layoffs.
We're a month and a half into the season.
They played on Sunday the 14th, and they didn't play until Saturday the 20th.
It's the second long layoff they've had already, and these aren't the bye weeks that teams get at
all. These are just kind of anomalies in the schedule, but like I said, April is an absolute
nightmare for the Bruins. 15 games in 28 days, five games in seven days, including two back-to-backs.
This is a team that's probably going to be you know fighting to get into the playoffs or at least play opposition at that time
yeah this is fucking brutal boys is this just the matrix the matrix biz doing its thing or what like
i don't know if i don't know if they backload them because they don't want to compete with football
i don't know why they do that but basically what ra is referring to is people ruffling some feathers
about the scheduling and how condensed it gets towards the end of the season when not only are teams fighting for playoff spots, the game gets a little bit more intenser.
Intenser? Is that a fucking word? More intense?
No, it's more intense.
you're going to have guys worn down going into playoffs where Boston, twice now since the beginning of the season,
they've had two week-long layovers.
I think one six-day and then one seven-day where that was their next game
where, I mean, Christ, man, you throw two of those games on
at the start of the season so these guys can at least get also
in a playing rhythm and then not be log jammed after like having to do
all-star olympics and then a playoff chase and then and you know trying to trying to deal with
all the the consequences to having all those condensed games now i i also thought that they
were going to do more of these uh two games in a row type baseball homestands after they did the
bubble experience i think from a marketing perspective,
offer a package deal where they can go to both games.
Let's say that a team travels into a town or at least do it within division.
Every time you travel to a divisional opponent,
at least once a year,
you stay there for like a Thursday and then a Saturday or even a back to back.
And the fans can,
can maybe get tickets at a somewhat discounted price and then
build it up because it's all about how you do it and from a fan perspective wit we all know how
those second games are as not only players and as fans and in an 82 game season sometimes you're not
going to have games with much emotion to them so this might add more through a very intense schedule
and if these games are spread out accordingly you're just going
to have an overall better product on the ice and in the midst of doing these two games in one city
you're going to save money on resources because you're not doing all these dumb logistical moves
so i don't know what the reason is for it it's much like the the the thing we bitch about with
all the um the the television rights and stuff.
But I think logistically the league needs to figure it out,
not only for the players' purposes, but the marketing standpoint of it
and the overall product of the league.
I hope I summarized that properly.
Yeah, you did.
The Bruins have been pretty much utterly screwed by this.
And it's almost the same argument that the Islanders fans are making,
like 13-game road trip.
Like, this might be worse.
I know as weird as that sounds.
But if you want, if at any point in the season you can get a week-long break,
let alone two of them, you'd love it in the middle or the end of the year.
It's like at the beginning of the year is when you have energy.
It's most of the time when the team's healthy.
And all of a sudden it's like, oh, my God,
we don't even want these breaks right now.
We want to be playing.
I will say this though,
that I've always been dumbfounded
as to how they even go about,
and I know it's probably a computer system now
and all that,
but the fact that they're able with all these arenas
or most of these arenas having basketball teams too,
like I don't even know how you fucking plan all this out
where you get the Celtics games, you get the Bruins games and you go to mass and square garden they got the knicks and
the rangers it's just like to be able to figure out 82 games for both of those leagues with so
many buildings sharing the ice and the court it's a wild scenario i'm sure there's probably been
that'd be a good little 30 minute um like espn 60 minutes? 360. Yeah, 360, how they make the  Chick-fil-A stock.
Yeah, who the fuck of us is going to do that, G?
I'll do it.
Explain it. I'll do the doc about it.
Biz will be like the guy Charlie from Always Sunny in Philadelphia
with the things in the back of a chalkboard trying to connect the games.
But it just sucks for the Bruins to end their season when, by the looks of it,
as I said going into the year, it's not exactly a great thing in Boston.
And a very, very tough evening if you're a Bruins fan on Sunday,
seeing former goalie Dan Vladar shut them out,
who now I think is 5-0 with two shutouts, or is he 4-1?
He looks phenomenal.
They picked Swayman over him.
Swayman has looked good at times.
Allmark's been a little bit.
I'm at the point where I'd be pretty open in saying
Bruins fans are probably missing Tuukka Rask a little bit.
And to see a guy that you decided to get rid of in Vladar
look this good for Calgary in a team that does not give up goals,
seven shutouts through 19 games for that team.
The Bruins are just a one-line team right now.
They got to get past the ability that one line can score
and the rest of the forwards are having a tough time.
McAvoy looks great.
After that, the rest of the D are ugh.
So I think when you look at how good Detroit's played so far
and then you look at the Bruins and the step back they've taken,
it's going to be, come April, probably
a battle for them. Not to get in, I think
they'll get in, but it's not exactly going to be like
past Bruins years, where the final
month of the season, you're just jockeying for position.
It's going to be a fight, so now
they've got to deal with a lot of games, and
you've got to think Bergeron and Marchand
and McAvoy will have played the Olympics,
so we'll see how it
ends up ending for that club at the end of the regular season.
That's a great point.
We're really seeing how much they miss David Krejci, too.
Bostronok, too, in the Olympics.
Sorry.
Captain, obvious point.
But, I mean, when you take a guy like David Krejci out of your lineup
and you don't replace him to a player of that caliber, it's a huge loss.
And going back to the goaltending, the reason, the main reason I think they kept
Swayman, well Obviously, they like him.
He's a little bit younger.
But Vladar was subject to waivers.
So if they kept him and tried to send him down,
they could have just lost him to waivers.
That's why they traded him to Calgary to get something for him,
whereas Swayman they could send down if they need to.
But they could have not signed Omar and kept Swayman and Vladar.
Yeah, and I don't think they wanted to go into the season with two.
I was actually going to ask you guys about that
because you've got an inexperienced guy in Vladar,
whereas if things don't go the best with Swayman,
who do you lean on?
That's two young guys, right?
So that's where you're saying, R.A., do over,
you still make the same decision
because at least you got Allmark who has that experience
and is more likely to turn around and if things go bad could handle the the pressure and it won't
really ruin or cripple him yeah pretty much i mean i i know yeah what they call it i can't
hindsight is 2020 and i think that might be a little bit of that here because you know not
too many teams are going to go into a season with you know too young i got unproven guys yeah you
know i'll mark did have a winning record for the Buffalo Sabres
somehow over the last six years.
So, you know, I think he'll probably settle down at some point.
But, yeah, if you're a Bees fan, you're definitely a little probably unsettled.
And you've got to imagine Vodar getting a little bit of help from that back end
or I guess the overall structure of that Flames team.
I don't think we're going to hop into them yet, right?
No, no, we've got the Battle of Alberta a little bit later.
So, actually, Biz, let's talk about y'all last Wednesday.
The Blackhawks at Seattle was the game of the week,
and you guys did a little Patrick Kane demonstration about his resting heart rate.
Did you watch it, Whit?
I was brutal.
I ended up like, the pucks they give you are these little rubber ones
that are very light, so you can't really do much with them.
I know.
I know.
They had those at NHL Network.
I used to get the orange makeup on them.
It was a nightmare.
I used that to get my makeup off.
No, those pucks suck, Biz, but, I mean, no puck was good for you.
But if anything, it proved my point.
Patrick Kane gets that puck in the slot,
just his heart rate doesn't change.
Calm as a cucumber and ends up roofing it.
It turned into a pretty good game.
Hawks are starting to turn things around. They end up shutting out the canucks as well so uh they got they're very
loosey-goosey right now seems like this coach who came in is uh is it king derrick king first coach
in blackhawk history to start off four and oh there you go and it's an old team yeah and so
he's five and he's five and one now that yeah one loss, I have to mention. Just an utter shit-kicking to the Oilers.
Just a wagon, wagon in Alberta.
The Hawks look good, man.
And Fleury was so light out against Van with that 40-save shutout.
Very happy for him.
In the coaching change, it's been a completely different Marc-Andre Fleury.
Now, a lot of that probably has to go with Derek King really announcing
and telling this team we're going to play a certain style defensively.
The job's now easier for the goalie.
But yeah, this team is all of a sudden looking like,
was the hole too much?
What were they, 1-9 to start?
So maybe that's going to be too much to end up getting back in the playoff race,
but they look different.
They do need Taves to get going a little bit.
I feel bad.
I mean, I know he took the year off, but he's been struggling.
Yeah, can't muster up off.
It looks like a third-line center right now. Just a guy can eat clock stay on the on the right side of the puck but yeah
i just really can't generate that's still what part of their issue is not being able to generate
five on five and even in that wednesday game against seattle like once seattle got after that
first period they were they were pretty good and they really like carried a lot of the play and you
mentioned flurry's uh you know flurry's performance and against the canucks he was really good against seattle as well
he had some some highlight reel saves g's gonna hop in here what's up well i just was gonna ask
if you know you mentioned tase there if if they're out of the playoff race come the trade deadline
do you think like they could eat some money and you know potentially trade him uh i don't know
if you ever want to be traded i don't know if anyone would take him.
You'd have to eat half of it, if not more.
It's 10 million.
How many more years is it, too?
I don't know.
I don't know if that's going to be a possibility.
Because, well, he doesn't have a goal yet, right?
Now, who knows?
I mean, it's going to take him a little while.
Maybe he gets it going.
A team that needs some center depth though you know for
a play i think i think you're more likely to see them uh not like not make playoffs and hopes that
he comes back next year a little bit more hockey ready after having you know another year under his
belt to get back after the year he took off i don't he's only got one year he's got one more
year after this year and with the moves they've already made to kind of like try for this second window
with the players that they do have, you're just really
you're not even really doing much.
Like if you're eliminating, you know, 5 million off the cap.
Because when you say  when the team would retain salary,
does that mean they're retaining the cap as well?
We've been talking about this for three years.
I still don't know if any of us know, like, retaining salaries,
that the cap is that the actual money is because his salary isn't 10 million this year,
10.5 million, whatever the cap it is.
It's a gong show.
This is why we are not the podcast.
That's Jeff and Elliot.
That's their show.
If you want to go into money retained, go to those guys.
We bring up the questions.
You do the research.
Welcome to Spittin' Checkouts.
We ask questions on a podcast, and we ask the fans to answer them for us.
Thank you, guys.
The most loyal listeners in the world.
Your line made on TNT got a nice little honor.
Rick Talkett, I get into the Flyers Hall of Fame along with Paul Holmgren.
You mentioned the possibility of renaming the Gordie Howe hat trick
the Rick Tockett hat trick.
I said it on air, and he's like, yeah, you can spearhead that campaign.
I just, listen, Gordie Howe, it's not going to change, obviously.
But I was shocked to learn, I learned this a few years ago,
Gordie Howe, in fact, only had, I believe,
two Gordie Howe hat tricks throughout his whole career.
So I'm curious to know how that got named the Gordie Howe Hattrick.
Maybe he did it in his first game.
Once again, we're asking our fans to answer a question that we have.
I have a guess.
Rick Talkett throughout his NHL career had 18 Gordie Howe Hattricks,
and that's the record.
I think the next guy has got 14.
Rick Talkett Hattricks.
Who's the next guy?
Do you know?
No idea. Rick Talkett was inducted to the philadelphia flyers hall of fame he told me a
funny story i think when uh when he was drafted they had a bobby clark and a couple of the scouts
were in the box so when you got drafted and you you know went into the after you like went and
got your jersey blah blah they had a cooler of beers and every kid was obviously too afraid to
go up and grab a beer once they got into
the box and then like so when he came in said hi to everyone and didn't grab a beer well i think
it was bobby clark looked to a few of the sales he goes well would you look at that another bust
no way this guy's gonna be a flyer because they weren't grabbing beers so he said like that was
his first introduction after he ended up going in the sixth round. So definitely a true flyer within with the way he played
and how he approached the game.
Biz, the nickname was coined by a 1950s New York sports writer,
although Howe, like you said, only had two Gordie Howe hat-tracks.
I'm guessing because all-time leading scorer when he retired,
he was so good at scoring, assisting,
and also he was one of the toughest bastards in the league.
So it's just like, let's put them all together.
But the fact he only had two is wild.
I would have guessed at least 10.
Yeah.
Let's all give a guess as to who number two is with 14.
I'm going to go with Cam Neely.
I was going to say him,
but because his career didn't last as long as it should have,
I'm going to say Brendan Shanahan.
Oh, another great one.
Oh, Eric Lindros, maybe?
No.
Why?
He fought that much, Lindros?
He fought, but not as much as Shani and Neely did.
Yeah, we got to check this out.
I think Shani.
Let me go.
I got it.
Wait, wait, wait.
I'm going to say Bob Probert.
Not.
I don't know if he had enough apples.
So Rick Talkett.
Lindros had 147 pims, 103, 160, 136, 130, 120.
Rick Talkett, number one.
Brennan Shanahan, number two, 17.
Brian Sutter also tied for number two, 17. Brian Sutter, also tied for number two, was 17.
Oh, 17.
Ben said 14.
I thought it was 14 was the next guy.
I have the hockey writers right here has the 17.
No worries.
And then Cam Henry is fifth.
All right.
What's Bob Probert at, does it say?
150th.
Not even in the top.
Not in the top seven here.
Okay.
Thank you.
Well, that's got the spit and chicken trivia.
It lasted 30 minutes to find one answer,
but thank you so much for joining us.
But hey, he ended up getting pickled the whole week there in Philadelphia.
All the old boys guys were there, and they had a good time.
So he was playing a little guilty on Wednesday
but it was funny when they surrounded him in that
penalty box on the panel. Does
Talkett somehow like the look
the shaved head like
Joe Rogan and Talkett. They just
like I don't know. Yeah there's a little resemblance
there. They remind me of each other.
Yeah he's definitely a thick fucking
jack. Oh yeah he's a big guy. He's a tan.
They'll both kick the shit out of you. He's a guy you wouldn't want to meet in the back alley. That's for sure thick fucking jack. Oh, yeah. He's a big guy. They'll both kick the shit out of you.
He's a guy you wouldn't want to meet in the back alley.
That's for sure.
God, no.
Obviously, we've been talking about biz on TNT lately.
Well, did you know you can get real up close and personal with biz if you enter a sweepstakes?
I'm having a problem with my asses.
I told you I lost a fucking tooth lately.
You might want to get the tooth replaced, R.A.
I am.
I have an appointment.
There we go.
So when I do my S's, that's why I've been struggling.
I know people think I'm impaired when I struggle with my S's,
but it's one of those teeth that affects my S's, hence the clusterfuck.
But anyways, sweepstakeswithbiz.
Grinnelli, give us the lowdown.
Yes, R.A., that is right.
Like I said at the beginning of the show, big week for me.
Black Friday.
I've been working on this stuff all year.
So first, I'll talk about the sale. 20 off the entire Barstool Sports store, except for the Peter Millar gear.
So we have tons of new merch dropping. These hats, we got skateboard decks, we got cigar holders, we got sweatshirts, crewnecks, Canada, US, we got it all.
So we're very excited about that, but even more excited for the Biz
Arizona experience. So you can enter in the Chicklets store. We'll have a landing page for
that. So what we're doing is we're going to fly you and three of your buddies out to Arizona.
We're going to give you a suite for an Arizona Coyotes game, and we're going to pay for your
hotel as well. And you might even get some post-game beers with Biz after the game. All you have to do is go to
barstoolsports.com. You can enter there. You can enter in the Barstool Sports store. And the best
part for every 100 you spend on Black Friday through Cyber Monday in the Chiclet store,
in the Barstool store, you'll get an extra 10 entries into this
sweepstakes. So we're going to select it at random. We're going to pick a random person.
You can go onto the site and enter at any time, but you get an extra 10 entries into the sweepstakes
for every 100 you spend in the store. So it's easy as that. And I'll just let Biz take it from
here. Well, I'll say this, everyone.
If you win, what an experience if you win.
You get the flights.
You get your buddies' flights.
You get the hotel rooms.
Everything's paid for until you go for beers after with Biz,
and he chucks a bill at you once you're done drinking at the bar.
Shut the fuck up.
The bill will be taken care of, and you'll be enjoying a nice Coyotes game.
Hey, two-game win streak, both games in overtime.
Keller had one the other night, and then Capobianco.
I think that's how you say it.
But no, enter.
And you can do it around the time with all this amazing merchandise coming out
that Grinnelli took care of.
And hey, if everything aligns, I'll even take you golfing
because it'll be four of you coming in.
We'll just get five of us on the course, go for a nice round of golf,
and then you'll have to put up with me on there
and not like wit.
So just a reminder,
it's the Biz Arizona Experience,
and you can sign up Friday
on BarstoolSports.com
in the Chicklet Store.
There it is. That's a sick contest.
That is. Especially most
contests give you one guest. I've never seen
one give you three before.
That's probably the best part of it, other than hanging with biz, of course.
All right, the Dallas Stars, they made the news last week,
not necessarily for a good thing.
Head coach Rick Bonas, he scratched rookie Riley Tufte just before his hometown game in Minnesota.
Now, this kid wasn't, you know, assuming anything.
The team tweeted out, welcome home.
It was this kind of big rigmarole.
He bought a bunch of tickets for family and friends.
And then they took warm-ups, and he ended up getting scratched.
So he didn't end up playing.
Bonus said that some guys were cleared to play.
He ended up inserting Joel Kivaranta back into the lineup, leaving Tufte out.
But the Stars won their previous two games with him in the lineup,
both games 5-2.
This has to be one of the worst sonks ever for a player, Witt.
You get told.
And again, he didn't assume anything.
The team was tweeting it out.
And then your whole family's there.
You're borrowing money off Bukestad to fucking pay for tickets.
And you get there, and you don't play.
Rick must have logged off his Twitter
and didn't see that the team had posted that he's back home
and he's in the lineup.
What do you think, Witt?
Well, I was confused because his post-game press conference,
he's like, he knew at 4 o'clock, or he said something,
he goes, he knew beforehand, and he really brushed it off.
I can't believe this is a big deal.
Tough look.
And now I'll say this, when I saw this,
and then I saw Kivaranta was back,
I was like, oh man, that's the NHL, this sucks,
but I didn't know they'd won the two games with the kid in the lineup.
That's when I completely switched my opinion and went on the board of what a fucking screwjob.
It was very similar to Babcock scratching Spezza in his first game ever for the Maple Leafs.
What do you mean what?
Really?
You consider it that bad?
Yes, dude.
Yes.
Yes, kid. The team said he was playing he spent all his money you had just won two games in a row after your team's been shitty all year and then you you pull
them out it was just like it was an it was just a if they if they had not won if they'd lost two
games in a row with this kid in the lineup i'm actually singing a different tune but when you're
talking about getting wins and for a team who has not
got a ton of them, and you finally get some momentum,
the kid's at home,
it's very clear to the team's Twitter
account, at least, that he's going to be playing
and he spent all this money. Not that spending
the money matters. I understand this is a
professional sports league.
Coaches could give two shits, but
in the instance of winning two games
in a row, that is a bullshit move.
I really like Rick Bonas.
We had him on the show.
Great guy.
Awesome conversation.
We talked to him after.
But this one, I think he fumble-fucked a little bit.
And I will say, like, that's fucking tough, man.
Like, I'm not  if I was an assistant coach, I would pay him the money back.
Now, granted, I have money.
Maybe a lot of assistant coaches didn't make money. I made play. I would give him the money back. Now, granted, I have money. Maybe a lot of assistant coaches didn't make money.
I made play.
I would give him the money back.
I actually feel that bad for the kid.
He probably spent five grand.
Yeah, Tyson Nash told me a story that I won't say the coach,
but he was playing, I think it was his rookie year,
and didn't play very well the game before,
and he was going back to Edmonton after.
I think he had 40 tickets bought and paid for,
and it was also landed on his birthday.
Warm up and then scratched.
Now, in this case, I guess I wasn't really aware that I was always told,
you show up and we don't know the answer to who's in yet.
Because he ended up catching word that Kivaranta was available.
So I don't know if once he found that out afterward, he's like, oh, I didn't know he was going to be available.
Well, he would have been my first choice.
But you're deferring back to the fact that you don't really change a lineup after you win.
And a team who hasn't been winning and they won two in a row.
So you think just collectively with everything.
I don't know. I also will change my type is go ahead well you just you just have to assume that that
bonus like wasn't really aware that this like all this social media stuff along with the fact that
maybe he gotten tickets like if he's saying hey you're in like maybe he was even unaware that
this kid was going home the coaches head coaches have a million things going on through their head.
So I'd be curious to know if this is just kind of one of those stories
that hasn't really been told from that perspective
because it really maybe even hasn't reached his radar.
I will take back.
It was not as bad as Spezza getting scratched.
Spezza's been in sleep 20 years.
That's why I was like, oh, shit.
No, but I think it was just something that reminded me
in terms of a tough scratching situation. No, but I think it was just something that reminded me in terms of a tough
scratching situation. But yeah,
put it this way,
a little karma involved in them getting
pounded 7-2 that night, possibly.
Definitely.
Which is pretty funny.
A little irony for that.
Tufty's number is 27, so
when the score came up, it was 2-7.
Just a little weird.
Oh, look at R.A. over here.
Got the tinfoil hat on.
It's a beautiful mind, Russell Crowe.
And rapid, quickly going back to Dallas quick,
because I mentioned they got pumped that night in mini.
A tough goal right now.
500 hockey teams, 16 points in 16 games.
And the next four games, they got Edmonton at home.
They got Colorado at home.
Then they fly to play Arizona the next night.
They come back.
They play Carolina at home.
So they got three of the top teams in the league in the next four.
So we'll see after that.
I mean, if they're one and three in those four games,
you're looking at a struggle for this team to actually get in.
So we'll see how that ends up going.
But Dallas right now, not overwhelming. I say that
they're the new wild. I know that
the Dallas Stars were the Minnesota
North Stars. They've
switched roles. They're the boring
team that I don't really love watching. A little wife swap?
You said
three of the four teams and you got the
streak in Coyotes on top of that. Two wins
in a row in overtime. I've already mentioned it
once, Whit, but have a little fucking
respect. Keep up with the league for crying out loud.
Before we move on from Dallas, we do need
to congratulate Joe Pavelski on his
1100th NHL game. Hell of an
accomplishment. So one of the
great players out there. Probably a little unheralded.
And what the hell
kind of pickup would Joe Pavelski
be if this team ends up tanking
and doesn't get into the playoffs?
Leafs.
Holy shit.
That would be one of the biggest.
Dubas.
That would be one of the bigger trade deadline acquisitions
in recent league history.
Joe Pavelski.
You know where I could see him going?
Where?
I could see him going to a place like St. Louis.
Because he's UFA, dude. Yeah, if they're out of it. I could see him going to a place like St. Louis. Dude, because he's UFA, dude.
Yeah, if they're out of it.
I could see him going anywhere.
You know when you close your eyes and you picture a guy in another jersey?
When I did that, St. Louis.
With the music note on the front of it.
Tuck and Genos.
You can pretty much guarantee, I'd say, if they're out of it, they'll trade him.
I mean, why wouldn't they?
UFA.
You know what he brings.
All right, moving right along.
The Vancouver Canucks.
Been a little struggle for them this year, 6-11-2.
And the fans have started to revolt on Jim Benning.
Well, you'd probably say they did that a while back.
But they're bringing signs to the games.
They're starting chants during the games now.
But this isn't a team biz that has a big history of midseason moves,
whether they be the front office or behind the bench.
And, you know, it should be noted there's still only five points back of the wild card.
I know you were joking around in our text read that Aquilini needs to go full Jerry Jones.
Full Jerry Jones.
Full Jerry Jones.
So what should he do, biz?
Go full Jerry Jones.
The NFL has a Jerry Jones.
NHL doesn't.
Like, who's, like, the one owner that pops out the most?
I don't know because is there an owner who played college football
with a coach who thinks he knows more about football than GMs in the NHL?
I don't know.
Melnick.
Yeah, I guess Melnick's kind of that guy.
But who would be another guy?
I would probably say Boston's owner is known as the Scrooge McDuck
and has more personality known as like kind of being a cheap guy but as far as
accolades concerned like the big news that broke after we talked about Vancouver last week and
their play and the fact that they're slumping they ended up getting one win but then they got shut
out afterward by the Blackhawks won nothing at home but to meet with Benning about you know
when Benning made all these moves
and put this team together, I don't know how much he thought of like,
okay, well, if things don't happen well off the start,
assuming they were going to, what becomes the next big move?
And I'm sure there's a lot of people in that organization right now.
And I heard Elliott Friedman talk about it.
And he's like, well, nobody's at ease.
He's like, I bet you Green thinks he's on the hot seat.
We got to know Benning assumes thinks he's on the hot seat we we gotta know Benning assumes that
he's on the hot seat and then probably I would say if you're a top player on that in that locker room
like if things aren't working something's got to change so you might even think you're one of the
pieces that ends up out of town so there's a lot of unsettling feeling in that locker room right now
and and of course with the brass so i don't know i don't know
what's going to be the first thing to pop but if things continue the way they they do over the next
let's say 10-15 games something's gonna somebody's gonna get canned or or there's gonna be a big
move made for the vancouver canucks and as far like uh elliot also touched on the fact that
people were saying that there's like turmoil in the locker room wit you'll know as much as anyone
i think that when when things are going as bad as they are for the vancouver canucks based on
expectations it's just more of like a frustration and not only are certain individuals trying to
figure out their play one of which petterson who's probably the most notable guy on the hot seat
but not only are guys trying to figure out their own game but they're just like you know guys
aren't getting along
because it's miserable around the room.
The fucking fans are on them.
The fucking media is on them and everything is going wrong.
So, I mean, you've kind of been in a situation very similar.
So you can kind of allude to that.
Yeah, no doubt.
The Pedersen thing is bizarre because at times throughout his career,
I was calling him like the he's like
Datsukian you know and he just looks so lost and I know we missed the games and biz has mentioned
in terms of like starting a season when you weren't in training camp can be tough but
doesn't look happy never granted how you gonna look happy right now with how he's playing and
how the team is playing overall but did we maybe did we maybe jump jump the gun a little bit on
how good of a player he is I mean I don't know because we maybe jump jump the gun a little bit on how good of a
player he is i mean i don't know because i think right now the one stable force on that team is
quinn hughes right like that's a guy's like all right you can't get rid of quinn hughes and i
would say you can't get rid of elias petterson especially with what he's making it's not even
like a crazy contract but to look has lost and and to look that unlike himself over the course of this year
has been really weird to see.
So a million question marks there.
Like power play, end of the game, they're down 1-0 against Chicago at home,
and I don't think he saw the ice for the full two minutes.
So that's
The confidence goes in this game.
It's like any sport in the world.
It's all confidence.
Do you get confidence by scoring,
or do you get confidence by having minutes and having the touches?
I don't know.
I think it's different for everyone.
Some people can be slacking confidence and get the worst goal in the world off of defenders shin pads.
And it's like that's all they needed.
But right now he looks lost.
He's carrying the puck up the ice.
It's not the same player.
It's not dynamic.
It's just weird.
So I don't know.
I do not think it's fair to blame travis green for this i understand like i kind of said the same thing about call it in and chicago
looks that much better with derrick king so i i don't know what i'm talking about that's long
been proven on this podcast but i do know right now that that team is such a clusterfuck i wouldn't
even know where to start all right i'll throw it to you uh do you think they make a gm change coaching change or big trade first uh i i don't think they're going to make a gm
changes if they haven't now why would they all all of a sudden uh and again i just mentioned the
the history of this owner and actually the team history of just not making major changes through
the season i think they're going to ride it out for probably another two, three weeks
because, like I said, they're only five points back in the round.
Right, yeah.
That's assuming things continue the way they've been going.
Yeah, I don't know.
Like what you said, how do you fire Travis Green?
He didn't construct his defense.
I mean, if I'm the owner, I'd fire the GM before the coach, but I don't know.
Given the track record, I wouldn't be surprised if they sit Pat just because this isn't a team
that likes to seem to make those moves.
Wow, all of the above.
Yeah.
Option D.
I really fucking dodged that.
No, I don't know.
I, too, like to live life dangerously.
I think there's a lot of talent there.
I think they could fix it.
I mean, Demko's playing out of his mind, but, you know,
when there's no defense there, that's another thing you've got to worry about.
When the goalie's getting lit up like that he's playing good but is his confidence gonna go so
okay i don't know it's not time to wave the flag on this team yet but uh there are some warning
signs but good well i was gonna just say we have a member of the squad we mentioned earlier connor
garland i think probably a good time to go to him unless you had a final point biz no okay we do
want to let you know that this interview is presented by ocb rolling papers
you folks know that us guys here on chicklets appreciate a great session from time to time
and if you want a consistently great one be sure to grab some ocb sheets ocb is the largest rolling
paper brand in the world and has been one with nature crafted naturally since 1918 so they have
mastered this fine art.
I made the switch and will never go back, and you won't either if you go to OCB,
and now's your chance to join the OCB family forever.
OCB rolling papers are giving a lifetime supply of rolling papers,
cones, and some fresh swag to their loyal fans.
Make sure to check out at OCB underscore USA today for a chance to win.
All you have to do is follow at OCB underscore USA on Instagram,
like the OCB high haul post, and tag two friends in the comments to win.
There's also a shortcut on OCBUSA.com slash chicklets
with a link to enter on Instagram right now.
You must be 21 or older to buy the papers and
the follow social media accounts so good luck and again if you like having a nice session you can't
beat ocb i made the switch you should do the same and without further ado here's conor garland
well we're happy to bring on our next guest he was selected in the fifth round of the 2015 draft
by arizona after winning
the mvp in the queue after three seasons with the coyotes he's now in his first season in vancouver
where he's already put up eight points in nine games it's always great to welcome boston area
guys to the show so thanks a bunch for joining us on the spit and chiclets podcast connor gallen
how's vancouver treating you so far man uh so far so good you know um you know it's been a been a fun time here great group
of guys great city and obviously be a little nicer we can get some wins here soon but uh so far it's
been great yeah pretty good turn into a cult hero in less than a month uh you know getting compared
to the mascot uh you know fan favorite no time getting getting different nicknames from other
teams from around the league maybe not so positive ones a couple top ones doing hockey night in canada after hours man you are absolutely
buzzing and and all the success is deserved man i watched you play for three years in arizona
and and you're one of the best kept secrets and one of the lowest paid guys in the league my friend not anymore biz not anymore not anymore so congrats man thank you
thank you talk to me about getting to vancouver and just i mean you come from an area that i give
biz shit all the time i mean just one of the most depressing pathetic organizations in pro sports and
i don't expect you to agree with that but now all of a sudden you're in canada you're with the media
you got diehard fans must be pretty cool now to be the number one show in town yeah I think it is a
big difference obviously um you know you go from one extreme to the other and there's nothing wrong
with being in the desert it was a ton of fun and you know a great group of guys but you know coming
here like you said you're the number one show in town it's Friday night it's uh it's all about you
know our game and I think that's pretty different.
And it's been fun so far.
And obviously you can feel the energy in the city, you know, on game day.
So I've really enjoyed that part so far.
Connor, how long did it take you to feel comfortable with the new team,
being in a new room, a bunch of new guys?
How long does that process take?
I don't think it's fully, you know, happened,
especially come system-wise. You know, I'm still trying to figure it out. And, you know, happen, especially come system wise,
you know, I'm still trying to figure it out. And, you know, I've had conversations with the coaches,
I think, you know, more of an instinct player. And sometimes, you know, you're late in game and
you try to shut your brain off. And, you know, sometimes I'll fall into, you know, doing a
system we did in the coyotes on the four check or something. And, you know, so it's kind of hard,
hard in that sense, but in the room, it's been really easy. You know, they're you know, they like to have a lot of fun with me. They're hard on me on pretty much everything I do. So it's kind of hard in that sense. But in the room, it's been really easy. They like to have a lot of fun with me.
They're hard on me on pretty much everything I do.
So it's been easy adjusting to that.
And it's a great group of guys that like to give it to each other.
So it's been fun.
What do you mean?
Like your game day routines and your practice routines?
Anything.
I mean, the way I carried the puck in the empty net in Chicago
was talked about for way too know, way too long.
My beard.
So I shave now, you know, how I play sewer, whatever it is.
You know, there's a couple of guys on the team that, you know, like to give it to me.
Just a bunch of ball busters.
Who's the goon on the team?
Who's the clown?
Who's the guy that's loudest in the room?
Just chirping everyone.
Well, Millsy, JT Miller.
He really, yeah, he's been, he loves to give it to me.
And, you know, we play against each other in cards too on the plane.
So it's never, you know, a dull moment with them.
But they got a lot of guys.
And you know what the best part?
I mean, they're all just  everybody takes it.
They're no one's sensitive.
And, you know, you give it, you take it.
But so far it's been a great group of guys.
Yeah, as Biz says, once you get the poopy pants guy, you know,
everything slows down it's
just like so i the thing about jt miller though kevin hayes had already always told us he's got
a tattoo of a deer on his shoulder he's never even shot one and he's a big time hunter you
gotta be able to give him give him shit for that he wears his camel hoodies but he's no honor
maybe it was in big buck hunter he got him is he a a Big Buck Hunter guy? He is, he is, yeah.
That's the only Bucs he shoots.
Now, to go back to Witt chirping the coyotes,
like, let's be real here.
If it wasn't for them, you know,
drafting you in the fifth round
and burying you in the minors to develop your skills,
you would have never turned into the player
that you turned into.
So we got to save face a little bit
and probably, you know,
maybe a little disappointed in 2014 being overlooked but when you finally were drafted in 2015 did you did
you feel like maybe you deserve to go higher given the accomplishments that season yeah i for sure i
thought maybe uh you know especially around draft draft time i think all teams probably tell you
they're taking you higher than, you know,
what they have you on your board.
So I definitely heard,
I definitely heard I was going higher.
And then on the day it happened,
I'm for sure.
I went pretty late,
but you know,
I was excited to go to Arizona.
There was definitely a couple of teams I wanted to go to in Arizona at the
time was rebuilding and they had a lot of,
you know,
kind of,
kind of openings.
And I felt like I could be a team I could make in a few years.
And, you know, fortunately, I did.
But I was pretty excited to go there.
Before we get into the beginning of your life as a hockey player
and how wild of a ride it is,
I just kind of want to go to the AHL right off the bat,
just because it wasn't a great season for you off the start.
And I've kind of read that you weren't necessarily prepared.
I don't know if that's the  yeah, so kind of bring me through that
in terms of like maybe thinking it was going to be a little easier
than it was and how that all went about to finally get that chance
with the Coyotes.
Yeah, well, Biz loved to trip me when we played about nine minutes.
We were playing fourth line against fourth line.
I was playing against this guy.
I was matching up against him.
You probably tore both of his ACLs on a couple of toe drags.
I can blame you.
No, you know, I was, I was pretty, the first couple of games,
I really had never not played much.
And I was playing about three to five minutes a night and we played
Ontario and, and it was the game, you know, fish did his bow and arrow.
Oh, motherfucker.
And there was a scrum in
front and i just told biz i was like oh relax like nothing's going on he just turns to me he goes
enjoy your three fucking minutes kid i was like ah
minutes by biz it's bad it's tough i might go back to chichewa and start working at a fucking
dunkin donuts hopefully my dad's got an open roofing spot but that was a tough year i mean He's like, I might go back to Chichewit and start working at a fucking Dunkin' Donuts.
Hopefully my dad's got an open roofing spot.
But that was a tough year.
I mean, it really was.
Like, I wasn't playing much, and I had holes in my game coming from junior,
which, you know, comes from, you know, producing points and having the puck on your stick.
And you can have holes in your game, and the coach isn't going to sit you.
So when you go to the American League and now you don't produce points, you're undersized, and you have a lot of holes in your game and the coach isn't going to sit you so uh when you go to the american league and now you don't produce points you're undersized and you have a lot of holes in your game you're not a lot of nhl teams you know banging on the door for that so i uh i had a long way to go
after that first year but it was it was a challenge they're a coach or a player that you could kind of
really contribute to helping you really learn that pro style game what you had to do to get to the
get to the show or is it more just like learned over time no that second year really you know to not sound you know too drastic it saved my career you
know I had Mike Van Ryan as the head coach and uh Steve Potvin and uh John Slaney was the other
assistant coach and you know what Potsy and uh Mike Van Ryan did for that year is I honestly
can't thank them enough every time I see him I thank you know Ryan only play the blues like
you know I did so much film and it was basically like my first and second year that
year just crammed into one. And every, every day after practice,
working on stuff, working on wall work, working on my shot, anything I could,
I spent as much time as possible with those guys. And, you know,
every game I did film with Rhino and it was just, you know,
just to think of the player I was going into that year and, you know,
and the player I was at the end is, you know, someone I felt confident going into the next year.
I could really make an NHL roster.
So I really owe a lot to those two guys.
I mean, we talk about it all the time.
And we had Nick Dowd on about transferring your game, maybe from like a top six to a bottom six.
But in your case, it was more of you still wanted to get to that top six and get that type of ice time and still have your touches
but yet you had to focus on other things as opposed to when you didn't have the puck so like
how was that balance of working on and developing your skills but also worrying about the defensive
side of the game yeah i think when i got called up i was you know you know when you're in the
minors you literally do anything to get up right so i was just like i'll, I'll be a bottom six guy. If they need it, I'll PK,
whatever, whatever I can do to get, you know, out of Tucson,
I would have done it. So I, I, you know, I went up to the first 50 games.
I did play on the fourth line and, you know, after a while, you,
you kind of get the hunger to get more ice time. And, you know,
I kind of had to learn, you know, on the fly in NHL,
how to go from a fourth line NHL player to a top six player. And, you know,
it was pretty tough at first, you know, it was pretty
tough at first, you know, the guys in the top six don't want you dumping the puck every time and,
and shipping it in. So it's, it's hard to, you know, go from doing that to now you got to hold
on to it and make some plays. So it was a bit of a process and, uh, you know, it took some time,
but I felt my second year in the NHL, I felt way more comfortable.
That's the Gino Malkin line. If you dump it in, you go fucking get it.
that's the Gino Malkin line if you dump it in you go fucking get it I'd look over the ice and Kelsen Schmaltz would be pointing you go
you dump it you get it what I remember one of the quotes uh I think when you got called up to the
Coyotes for good I didn't I don't think you had a point in the first eight games maybe and you were
asked about it by the media and you said I found a way to put up points at every level i'm going to figure out a way to get it done here and i want to say that you scored that next
game and then nothing was really the same after that yeah yeah a bit of a cocky line from a guy
who's only played seven games i was but it was you know i was trying to just have some belief because
you're nervous you know your first couple games i had a ton of chances and just nothing would go in
and you know I felt I felt like as every game went on I felt more and more comfortable but
you know that first one was a big one for me and then you know I kind of I kind of got on a little
bit of a run after that and you know got put on the power play and started putting up some points
on it taking a look back early in your career you had you know two games with the junior Bruins a
couple games with Muskegon then you get cut from the Bantham team at Shattuck St. Mary's,
the famous school in Minnesota where all of these things, size related,
where every was every coach's town. You get too damn small all the time.
Well, you know, I like, you know, I grew up, you know,
my dad and my trainer would always say, someone tells you you're too small.
It just means you're not good enough. Right. Like, you know,
Nathan Gerby was a couple inches smaller than me.
He was a stud his whole life and, you know, Johnny Goudreau made it,
you know, at the time. So, you know, it's, I'm sure it was a little size
related, but, you know, then again, you just got to get better, but,
you know, we get in contact, chat, kind of changed my career. You know,
I always had success as a younger player and then you go into your Bantam
year and everybody's getting bigger and, you know,
starting to get hair on their face and they're getting stronger.
And I was still a little kid at the time. So, you know, to get cut at that point was kind of bigger and you know starting to get hair on their face and they're getting stronger and I was still a little kid at the time so you know to get cut at that point was
kind of a you know a wake-up call that you know I had to start had to start getting going here
uh did I read that you were originally committed to go to university at some point and then decided
not to like if you could bring us through that whole story yeah Penn State I committed to Penn
State I went out and saw the school and um of fell in love with it and the campus.
And it was, you know, it was beautiful and they,
and they didn't have the rank built at the time. So I went through the,
you know, it was almost like a PowerPoint.
You could have showed you what it was going to be like,
and I couldn't pass up on that. But unfortunately I went to the USHL and
probably shouldn't have probably should have done another year in the EJ and
then developed a little more, but I kind of rushed it, went out to the USHL and they just had too old of a team and I shouldn't have, probably should have done another year in the EJ and then developed a little more, but I kind of rushed it, went out to the USHL
and they just had too old of a team and I couldn't get in the lineup.
So it's fortunate to have a coach in the Quebec League that wanted me pretty badly
and they had an open spot in their top six to play with, you know,
Dimitri Yaskin at the time and Ivan Barbashev.
So they just, you know, kind of promised to develop me for a few years
and, you know, I thought that was the best route for me to go to play in the NHL.
A couple of St. Louis Blues.
Yeah, exactly.
We were at camp with those guys when we were the clown shows,
but I remember that.
It's an interesting move, though, because, you know,
you commit to college and you're in Muskegon.
And now you played six games, three points, which isn't terrible,
just getting to the USHL and boom.
I mean, it's not just a decision to leave that that team but it's a decision to give up college eligibility so for you to say you know
yeah it was a good opportunity it seems like an enormous step to take was it pretty quick to just
jump to that decision no it wasn't something i took lightly you know i spent the whole summer
before debating it you know i remember i had like a piece of paper that said you know ej pros and cons ushl
and the quebec league and we took a long long time and it's it kind of ended up making the
final decision you had your own powerpoint presentation yeah you're showing it to your
parents the quebec league one was just you know dollar bill signs my mom was like i don't know the queue i don't know i'm like oh no i'm gonna go to school uh so
but yeah they were you know i spent so much time thinking about in my heart you know it sounds
weird but i just wanted to go to the queue so badly i went up there in the summer to visit
monkton and and you know what they what the rink was like it was like a mini nhl so you know at 16
you're just like oh my god i'm gonna wear a half shield i'm gonnaL. So, you know, at 16, you're just like, Oh my God, I'm gonna wear a half shield. I'm going to, you know, be the, you know,
the big show and Moncton and, you know, how can you pass it up? So, but,
you know, I ended up, you know, holding off for a little bit,
but then at the end, you know, I just,
I just felt like it was the right move and I, and I had to go.
So for people who don't know Connor and myself grew up in the same beautiful
town, situate Massachusetts biz, just called it shit.
You're at Massachusetts. Biz just called it Scituate, Massachusetts.
You can fuck right off, Biz.
You're from Welland.
And it's a small town on the coast,
25 miles south of Boston.
And it's pretty cool to know that you grew up there
and made the NHL.
I'm just wondering when you're 10, 11, 12,
the real beginning stages,
you've mentioned your dad a few times.
He sounds really important to your career
and how you became a hockey player.
Yeah, for sure.
He was our coach. You know,
I played on this team called Boston mission and then team Massachusetts.
And, you know, we were a bit of a wagon, you know,
we had a lot of guys who ended up playing, you know, in the NHL, Eichel,
Donato, and then a few guys playing the minors like Mazarian and you know,
Miles Gendron. So we, we, we had a ton of guys that, you know,
went on and did some really good things. So he was,
he was my coach at the time and, you know, someone who, you know, kind of just made sure I was focused and, you know, guys that, you know, went on and did some really good things. So he was, he was my coach at the time and, you know, someone who, you know,
kind of just made sure I was focused and, you know, made sure, you know,
I knew what I wanted to do and, you know, never, never forced hockey upon me,
but, you know, he knew I loved it and, and just wanted to make sure that,
you know, he gave me every opportunity to be able to play in the NHL.
And again, obviously I wouldn't be here without him. So, but yeah,
I was fortunate.
Was he helping you with the office as well?
Cause I know you have a lot of athletes in the family.
You have some, some sisters that are big lacrosse players, like D one,
big deal. Were you guys all doing this like off the ice type, uh, you know,
working out movement stuff?
No, no. My dad, my dad kind of, you know, realized like he played the minors a
little bit, but he was strictly a fighter and, you know,
he played some college football, take offense to me, call him a fighter, but
is what it is.
And, you know, he kind of knew that that wasn't going to be the route I took or, and he didn't
know much about lacrosse, but he gave us the every opportunity.
So, you know, if you wanted the trainer, you know, my dad could provide that for us.
And that was, you know, something that, you know, like I said, I'm very fortunate to have
that.
I think the best part was him knowing that, you know, he can't really teach me how to
toe drag or, you know, how to score on a goalie or you know but he knew people that could
so he gave me that opportunity and i think that's that's probably what i'm you know most lucky you
know i didn't want to be a little fighter like like him i'm gonna blame my old man he tried to
teach me how to fucking toe drag he couldn't even make the the house league team for the league
sean playing for christ's sake he couldn't even tie his skates hey we did uh we did a father's game you guys used to do those back
in minor hockey where you play against all the dads yeah my old man fucking first tried tears
his groin oh oh yeah oh yeah it was like black and blue could barely go to work pick the next
couple weeks he had he had these like old old leather skates like the kangaroo
skates these things were brutal but uh i know i noticed uh in the midst of the at the start of
the interview you had a coffee cup i heard you're the biggest coffee fan in the world like 10 cups
a day no not that much but i mean i do enjoy it it's kind of one thing i like to drink my uncle
actually owns a coffee company back in the south shore and and um it's called harman coffee and i have him send me out it and i just make it
every day so you know it's uh it's nice i just kind of come home from practice and just sip on
it and how do you drink it are you a bit of a snob like you won't drink no extra cream i mean
i people are drinking black oh you trashy bastardy bastard. Dude, this is a kid.
I can't get a coffee.
Four creams, 19 sugars.
No, no way.
No sugar.
No, just extra cream.
No collagen.
No extra protein.
I don't do any of that stuff.
Just enjoy my coffee.
Go to Tim Hortons.
Ask for the great one.
They give you nine creams, nine sugars.
No, they don't.
Is that a real order?
Yeah. Give me the way. Nine creams, nine sugars. No, they don't. Is that a real order? Yeah.
Give me the way.
Nine creams, nine sugars.
That's what Canadians do, the fucking degenerates with the two-liter
Timmy Ho's roll-up-the-rim-to-rim special.
Roll-up-the-rim-to-win.
That was a big thing in junior.
But you must be enjoying coffees on these walks in vancouver
unbelievable beautiful city and i heard that you're um uh you've been hitting up the dog
parks with your multi-poo you get a multi-poo yeah my little dog it's really it's really sad
when i've come you know i've become just to have a little dog and walk around with him at the best
so i've gone full situate when i'm i've really lost it here oh lost it here. That's the problem with our town.
People say everyone loses it at some point.
You go soft.
I'll just be walking through the harbor now with the iced coffee and my little dog.
You're like Will Ferrell in Zoolander.
You got the lap dog.
What's his name in the movie?
You got the same do.
I don't know.
That's a question for R.A., our movie master.
Mugatu.
Mugatu.
There's another nickname for you, Garos,
if you haven't had enough given to you, you angry little elf.
Yeah.
No, I can't.
That one hurt.
Angry little elf hurt.
I mean, considering we're talking about, let's stick on that right now.
With that and then the Zadina thing next game,
like, is this a rivalry brewing? Like, when you hear that, let's stick on that right now. With that and then the Zedina thing next game, like is this a rivalry brewing?
Like when you hear that, are you like that motherfucker?
I'm going to beat the wheels off him next game.
No, I didn't know Konechny said it.
And I'm a huge fan of his like as a player.
And it's kind of similar.
You know, he's a bit of a rat as well.
But he's super effective and he's such a good player.
Puts up a ton of points.
So it's almost destined for me to end up in a scrum with him and then the Zadina
comment um I was just worried that you know it might take off a little bit you know nowadays
that you know that could be found you know insensitive or something so I was worried that
could have you know for him you know English wasn't his first language and maybe he can get himself in some trouble with that.
A Czech Republic midget's not even close to a fendler.
I'm sure nobody in Vancouver got offended.
They never get offended about anything.
No, there's actually not a riot, but what do you call those things?
Protests?
Protests going on. Thank you, girls.
He's heading it. They're burning
the Nina jerseys.
Flipping cars in no time over
the midget bomb.
Yeah, I
heard it and I was just like,
that stinks, obviously,
because I knew our team would love it
and they for sure did.
But it was just an unfortunate
hit. I think I told them after I went to the bench and asked somebody, I
said, did I get him with my elbow?
Because they were asking me to fight.
If I got him with my elbow, I would fight for that for sure.
You hit a guy in the head with your elbow, you might as well stand up for yourself and,
you know, take your licks for that.
But I didn't think I did.
So I wasn't going to fight.
You know, he just skated into my butt.
But when I heard it and I felt it, I wasn't going to fight, you know, he just stayed in into my button. Um, but when I heard it and I felt that I knew it was a big impact. So I was,
you know, a little concerned at first that, you know,
we were going to have a little scrum there worth, worth the M M bomb.
Yeah. Worth it. That's what I was going to have my guy.
We kind of go for the, like the reverse hit there.
Did you just happen to catch me with your ass? Cause it wasn't like,
this guy's fucking dirty little player dude guys in the league hate your guts but i remember last
year landis cog wanted to ruin you like you get underneath guys skin more than good thing though
oh it's unbelievable everyone liked playing against me i would have done anything to switch
that i would i love your game dude you're one of my favorite players to watch and there's a reason
i was stroking you off online all last year.
Well, I, I trust me. I don't like that. They hate me obviously.
Like the only thing I end up caring about is if they like you in your own
room and fortunately, you know, they do. So that's, that's all that matters.
But, you know, I don't go out there trying to get under guy skins.
I just, I'm a small, small guy that, you know,
tries to play in tight areas and I'm sure that's really annoying.
I mean, I've played against guys and, you know, men's league, I want a in tight areas. And I'm sure that's really annoying. I mean, I've played against guys and,
you know, men's league, I want a two hand too. So I'm sure I'm that guy.
And you know, it's no fun playing against those guys, but yeah,
for sure. Last year you play these teams eight times, you know,
it was like every game I was like, okay, I have to keep an eye out for him.
I have to keep an eye out for him. And I was like getting old after a while.
How many times do I have to see the avalanche?
You got Bubba the multi-poo with you on the ice in case the attackers yeah i go home and just get bit by him i was like i
got enough of this season you should wear a little vest on the front of your jersey just like keep
them around i should put the stop sign on the back of my jersey just stop please don't hit me
i gotta i gotta ask oh go ahead sorry I was just going to ask about the other incident in Seattle
where I guess you were taping your stick early in the third period
and you had this fan right behind the glass who was just barking at you.
He was crushed.
Just crippled for the squid game.
So you end up making a nice play, get down the ice,
a little bit of a fake shot, open up Grubauer, slide a five-hole for the winner, and you go up making a nice play, get down the ice, a little bit of a fake shot,
open up group our side at five hole for the winter.
And you go back and you take about six minutes to get on the bench while staring this guy
down.
Yeah, he was, he was flipping me off and like, they had like four of their buddies.
They're just slamming on the glass.
And I had cost us the goal right before they were
up 2-1 and we had just tied it up so i'm i'm sitting there thinking like please give me a
chance to like you know tie this up like let me get you know back on the good graces here
and i was in a bit of a mood so he's like doing that and i'm just pissed off and i don't i don't
react but then i scored and it happened to be like 30 seconds later. So I was like, thank God I'm going to give it to this guy.
But again, it's something I'd love to have back
and maybe have a filter and talk to myself
before I get to the bench.
Like, forget about it.
It's a fan who's flipping you off.
Who cares?
No way, man.
No way.
Hey, have you seen the clip of the legendary Clipper
when Steve Sullivan, you know that clip?
Yeah, that one's better.
Oh, yeah.
Yeah.
That had to have been scripted.
It was so unbelievable.
But you should actually win.
You should win the Lady Bing for your restraint on not grabbing your ball bag
and telling them to lick it after a full game of drunken buffoonery behind the bench.
I'll tell you what.
I had my fair fuck you matches.
I used to play in toledo
in that old barn and the glass was grass was about halfway down mind you i probably wouldn't
say this like in today's age but he this guy would have a megaphone and he would chirp us the entire
and he was sitting with um you know someone and i ended up going at the going at the someone and i
and i felt bad afterward but hey i think that if fans are going to come at you and be
ruthless I think you can very well just give
it right back fair game
where his buddies giving him shit
when you were giving the stare down there yeah
he wouldn't look you know that was the only
similarity like
that Sullivan clip when the guy
wouldn't look at him like everybody else was laughing
around him so because it was a big
it was like he was slamming on the glass.
So there were people about three rows back that, you know, could notice.
So they were all had a laugh when I was looking, but yeah, he,
he wouldn't look. So, but it is what it is.
It was just another night of madness for me.
That was a, that was a sick goal to that fake clapper,
get them to open up and slide at five holes and nice play,
but we're hopping all over the map.
But I just want to go back years before that because um everyone knows a lot of hockey fans know shattuck saint mary's
is a powerhouse right zach parisi sydney crosby jonathan taves all these amazing players have
been there but growing up where we did i mean there's a lot of great prep schools around here
so what made you go out to minnesota as opposed to a school around here like nobles there any of those yeah um i was just i was
a little small at the time and like i said i played on the team massachusetts team that like
all the guys were big you know and everybody had hit their growth spurt and they were all going to
like malden catholic like you said fair uh nobles you know st john's prep and i was just not ready
for that at the time you know i was just
like there's no chance i could play at that level i'd get killed so we were i remember we were trying
to find a place like cardigan mountain was like an eighth grade school i could have went to or
just a just a place you know i could play middle school for one more year to get a little bigger
and shattuck had a great bantam team and that was my plan was to go out there and play for them and
play at the u14 nationals and And it just didn't work out.
But, you know, and I just needed one more year.
And then I, you know, could find maybe a prep school to go to.
And you mentioned Jack Eichel and playing with him growing up.
He's a buddy of the show and all of ours.
We hope that he ends up getting dealt soon and things getting figured out.
But a full-blown phenom from the time he was really young.
Like, what do you remember at 10 years old about him?
Was he always the best?
Yeah, he was. I shouldn't say he was always the best. He was one of the best.
And, but when he turned around like 13, I remember a summer, I remember a summer tournament where it was, it was freaky. It was like, okay, this kid's gonna play in the NHL. I mean,
his legs, I don't know if his legs got bigger or whatever it was like, he just,
he had that long stride and kind of always had that,
but then it was like,
it had a powerful stride to it and that long reach that he would pull toe drag
and shoot from anywhere. And, um, but once he turned 13, then it was,
there was no comparison to anyone else around. And, uh,
I was fortunate to play with him before he went to NTDP, uh,
for the junior Bruin Empire team.
And I just remember being on his line, and I would just, you know,
weave up the ice and pull up.
And you could almost hear him like a horse, like his strides.
And you just, like, wouldn't even have to look,
just zing right on his tape, and you would just hear the puck,
you know, right in.
And we were playing against, like, 21-year-olds,
like Apple Corps and New Jersey Hitmen. And it was an easy game for him.
So you could tell from a young
age that he he's gonna be a top player in the world connor when you were a kid you also had
a figure skating coach michael botticelli i think he was a 1980 olympian how much did he help your
development and and how does a figure skating coach help a hockey skater to people who might
not understand yeah it's it's a little different but it was more of just, um, you know, understanding
my edges, you know, and what I can do out there and what I can't do. And, um, it's not like
power skating and, you know, just straight line, try to get faster, try to get stronger and have
power turns. It's more of, you know, can I go in every single direction at any time that I need to?
And, uh, someone I still work with, you know, all the time, um, you know, he's, you know, one of the hardest working people in the world. And, time um you know he's you know one of the
hardest working people in the world and um you know he's become one of my best friends so it's
but now nowadays it's more of like if you see a move like you know i love watching braden point
what he does out there with his edges so you know can i copy that or see what some guys are doing
but it was never like just straight line speed it It was all more of like tight turns, cutbacks, you know,
and understanding my edges.
It's like NFL blitz with you.
You hit the, you know, you hit the turbo button and you keep spinning out there.
Is that where you learn the spin move?
I was watching clips on after hours.
You just let you do like two in a row now.
It's fucking crazy.
Yeah.
Well, that one, I know what you're talking about.
You almost want them to think like, I'm going to go this way,
and then you have to do a full turn.
So it looks a bit silly, but you are just doing one turn.
So my math's off.
It was actually only 360 degrees.
Yeah, well, you know what the worst part is when it doesn't work
and you turn right into a guy, and then it's down 200 feet,
so you look pretty dumb.
But it's, you know, if I can just, you know, I would love to limit some turns and, you know, then it's down 200 feet. So you look pretty dumb. So, but it's, it's you know, if I can just, you know,
I would love to limit some terms and, you know,
maybe just make the simple play once in a while, but it is what it is.
All right. I don't know if you had another one.
I was going to ask about the, your stick length keeps getting brought up.
You know,
and it's interesting because we've had some guys on the podcast,
Martin St. Pierre and guys were typically, yeah,
typically a little bit undersized in order to
get that reach advantage they end up going to a longer stick and you ended up changing it up
i want to say fairly recently where you cut off five and a half inches yeah to change up the kind
of the dynamic of the way that you position yourself out there so i guess just kind of like
go through that whole thing yeah well that's a funny name martin saint pierre he played for the
bruins like a couple games and i remember seeing him play smaller guy and a stick was over his head
so uh and there's a lot of smaller guys that use long sticks and marshawn zuccarello so
um there's for sure advantages to it i just i used a longer stick and i felt like i just
you know it seemed like the puck would always bounce on me and i'd skate over it and
um just one day in the summer i started cutting you, a couple inches off to see if I liked it.
And I felt like I, you know, had way more control and more accuracy with my shot, not as hard a
shot, but I can, can't really shoot hard anyway. So it doesn't matter. So, um, and I, you know,
I, I continue to sometimes take a little bit off and then, you know, add a little bit just to find
the right, you know, hype, but so far I've, I've loved having, it's off and then you know add a little bit just to find the right you know hype but so far I've loved having it's about here you know when I'm on the ice and again guys like
giving me a hard time for it but I can have one hand on my stick and it feels like you know it's
light as day so it's uh it's it's nice you said from watching Marshawn Crosby you notice that a
lot of times in game given maybe their size as well I mean Sid's pretty thick but in order to
fight off defenders you got the loose hand out and then it's easier to control with the one hand.
And if you're finding yourself in those situations on most nights
and a lot of your shifts, it's like, why not cut it down
and use it to the best of the way you can, I guess.
Yeah, and if you have one hand, like you push a guy off,
obviously you've got to  like Sid was always good.
Like he'd look over his shoulder, give a shoulder check with one hand,
and then kind of like already go to two and have the pass that he was you know
gonna make already in his mind so it's uh and I think it's easier for that sense to be able to
have a smaller stick and kind of just grab it right away instead of like fiddling with it and
just one last thing is you said that it might have affected your shot a little bit but that's
really not what you're known for so you were willing to sacrifice the yeah a little extra muscle on the shot and then
i guess work on ways to trick goalies on how to score yeah yeah and i think if i'm going to score
it's going to be below the dots and it doesn't matter how hard i shoot it i really have to hit
a spot to score when i'm that you know when i'm that close and usually you got to shoot around
a screen or something so um i'm never scoring from outside the top of the circles i've accepted that so it doesn't matter how hard i shoot
hey that was business way of saying you have a muffin that was just a nice i had the worst muffin
in the league i had the word i was so did i do it if there was no screen and i shot it from the blue
line they like stopped the game to laugh at me it It was pathetic. But I got a question, you know, I'm in talking to people who know you and reading like you're a high hockey IQ guy. And I think like
being a student of the game, is that really what's helped you know, know how to play and know what it
takes for you to be successful is more so you watching a ton of NHL games growing up and even
currently to see what players that you really want to play like can bring to the table.
Yeah, I think watching games is huge. And, you know, I used to,
I used to not, especially when I first kind of got into the minors, you know,
you know, how many meetings you have and everything,
but I think watching guys that there's so many guys out there that are so good
and you can learn, you know, just so much from watching a single guy. So,
you know,
I've tried to make more of an effort of watching a lot more hockey and,
and trying to pick things up. And even in the the summer we're fortunate to have a ton of guys skate
in boston so you see a lot of guys and what they do and you can pick up stuff like that but you
know it's also a little bit of knowing what i am and and you know and trying just to improve on
that and not change my game too much you know i can watch with david fly down the wing but that
ain't gonna be me but you know he might make a pass like last game against us off the stick handle you know on his backhand
in one stride and that's something you know anybody can really do if you work on it so
there's there's stuff knowing what to implement and what not to implement you just talked about
summer hockey wit says you turn into like rain man in the summertime where you yeah I heard
I gotta hear you describe your summer hockey.
And from what I've been told, Mikey and Billy Ryan,
two good friends of mine that both both work for the Panthers say this dude
keeps stats for everyone. He's an absolute animal.
That's track of his little league. Yeah. That part, that part is not true.
I might have to chat with them, but I, I'm not a, not a psycho, but no,
I, I like, I hate drills. I mean, I, I hate,
I hate doing drills in the summer,
but I love playing small area games or, you know,
two on one drills or two on two drills.
And I think that's where you get better. And, you know,
I can't stand sticking around cones or, or stuff like that.
So I've always been someone who wants to play in games in the summer and play
against better players. And, you know, so that's, that's what it is.
I just, I seem to be at the rank I'm usually playing a game.
So, um, but yeah, I've actually always ran a skate in the summer from a young age when
I was like 14, when I would text a lot of college guys, um, pro guys, I would really
text anyone to try to get them out there and just play a full game.
And, you know, that's kind of where I started just to pick up stuff, watching guys that
were older and better. And, you know, I, I, i you know i haven't done it as much the last couple summers
but you know from a young age i always ran a skate on tuesday nights and saturdays at hingham
you feel that now you're a bit of big a bit of a a big deal or at least a you know a top guy in
the nhl that guys don't snub you when you text them for ice time now well i got snubbed by some younger guys uh like last
summer and it hurt even more i was like i'm trying to get i'm in the show dude point per game you're
still big time he's calling you guys like no loser we're going out to booze yeah i won't say
who i was i was like what is going on here but yeah it was i mean when you're younger for sure
you had to text some guys that were playing and you know like at bc or bu you're asking to come skate it's a little you know
daunting but you know i just felt like if i could get those guys out there i was going to get better
so but i mean you know became friends with you know a lot of guys one of my best friends nowadays
is somebody um jason salvaggio he played unh and it's just meeting him on those skates and you know
it ended up being probably but i look back when i'm done playing some of the most fun I ever had.
Conor, I know you've talked in other interviews about your parents
and how much they instilled the work ethic.
Like your mom going to work for the T at midnight.
God bless her working that job.
The T's, it's the local transit system here in Boston.
Oh, transit system?
Yeah, yeah.
The train, yeah.
Gets you into the garden, gets you out.
Dealing with guys like R.A. all the time?
Are you fucking kidding me?
She must be a saint.
I'm an older guy.
What I wanted to ask is where does the crazy competitiveness come from?
Is that just innate within you or what?
Yeah, I'm sure it comes from my parents.
I mean, you know, they both were, you know, athletes.
You know, like I said, my dad played some football and hockey and
my mother was a, was a great swimmer, although she doesn't brag about it, but no, I've heard
from a lot of people. She was a great swimmer growing up. And unfortunately that was back in
the day when a lot of people had kids at a young age. So she had four by the time she was 24. So
not much of a chance to, you know, go, go do that, you know, collegially, but you know, it was,
you know, I like just playing like i said
playing games i'm competitive i like to win in cards you know i play chess i love you know i
just like you know winning and stuff like that and you know golf i stink at golf but you know
i go out there and compete so that's that's kind of my joke i just go out there and compete but
that's biz well shut up i'm a little better than that but but you fucker. All right.
I'm going to bring out the dirt now in the back half of this interview.
Somebody was saying that you ended up shedding like 10 shots off your
handicap this summer.
So I started playing golf right before we left for the bubble and playoffs.
Like I never played it growing up.
I'd maybe go out for a couple of rounds, like, you know, same here, but,
but I, but I, I started playing before bubble, and I just fell in love with it.
The guys in Arizona are all terrific players, and, you know,
they like to play, and, you know, we like to go out there and play.
Gamble for the impact.
I heard Keller's a stick.
Stick.
Gross.
Yeah.
Does some really crazy stuff out there phil's very good um sandbagger
i heard i was a degenerate gambler on the golf course uh no he he's similar he just likes to
compete and like wants to play against everybody and that's you know that's what i heard if you
want to go 10k a hole they okay, he doesn't give a fuck.
No, I've never seen that, but I mean, we just, it's more of like,
we split up into three teams and if we say a certain amount of money,
it doesn't even matter. It's like whoever won. And that's, you know,
that's at the end of the day, you just want to beat those guys. So,
but they all are really good players.
And I was fortunate to play with them at the start of my golfing
because they helped me so much.
You know, I was learning stuff that you probably never think of,
like Kells with chipping would tell me something.
And, you know, I can't even get the ball off the tee,
but I know stuff about chipping that, you know, people don't even know.
So it was nice.
But, yeah, it's just  now I've actually played
I played in front of Witt's dad at the situate
country club i i went up and down right in front of him so he thinks i'm a choir hey well it's
funny so in our hometown i must have been i don't know 13 maybe a little younger 11 12 and they
built this course the town built this course called the widow's walk well what they decided
to do biz is build the toughest fucking
golf course known to man every single hole is a bowling alley with woods and water everywhere
they make it so that's the first time i went to play golf was there i was like this is the
stupidest sport any i'd never played i was awful and then you're in this impossible course i was
gonna ask you if that's where you're learning to play golf you might as well just stop stop now
because it'll just crush your soul.
If you're playing widow's walk,
sounds majestic.
I used to do a,
it's called walk the walk at four o'clock.
You can go out there and give me eight bucks and play as many holes as you
can,
but really walk.
So that's what I would do just to,
but I'd bring like a bucket of balls and try to play a couple of holes.
And that's a hard course.
And they love extra mosquitoes and extra coyotes would just be roaming around.
So, you know, I go to a nice course.
I enjoy it.
My mom, Sue Whitney, she's played golf 11 times in her life, has a hole in one at that course on the second hole.
Get the fuck out of here.
Eighty five yards from the women's tee.
She had driver right in the hole.
It's a small hole, but there's like a tree right over the men's like.
Yeah, she ain't hitting the ball up high enough to hit that tree.
Yeah, it's like it's most impossible in the world.
It's impressive.
You have to have a horseshoe up your ass to get a hole in one
with a driver on a par three.
Oh, I got another question for you because, you know,
the enormous trade that sent you and Ekman Larson over
and this guy's in his 12th year, right?
He's had an amazing career, top defense in the league for, for a long time.
You got to give me your thoughts during that fucking training camp skate.
When he was 45 minutes behind the goalies on the bag skate,
you must've been like, Oh yeah, what is going on right now?
Do you remember what I'm talking about?
What did you see? Did you see mine?
I heard yours behind the back too.
Hey,
you better thank him because he took a lot
of attention away from yours yes you had a bad one too oh yeah i was laying on the ice puking
i never i mean and i like uh greener our coach here asked me in the summer like oh you come in
shape like we have a hard camp and i was like yeah i'm on the ice after like the third rep i
was thinking i'm like this guy must think I lied right to his face.
Like these guys are flying.
But they all had done the test before.
I didn't know what to expect.
It's the hardest skate I think I've ever been a part of.
I didn't know it was a test.
That's unfair of me.
I thought it was just a normal skate after practice.
I didn't know it was a test.
It seemed like it was kind of like the beep test.
But you got to go, what, three separate times, Garz?
Four. And you have to go down, down, down, down, and then through the red in 40 seconds.
And then two-minute rest and do it again four times.
All these fucking idiots, these fucking news reporters, they post a video out there.
All the fans are like, oh, we should have never done this trade.
It's like, shut the fuck up.
It's fucking training camp,
man.
This guy's got 60 sheets in the bag.
You think he's worried about training camp bag,
skate test.
No,
you guys are worried about putting the puck in the net when the regular
season gets going.
And that's what you've been doing.
Well,
I,
I watched him from the bench cause they were the first group.
And I knew I was like,
I am in trouble.
So I like,
I saw him and I was like,
I'm just going to the room to get dressed.
I can't see it because I'm going to freak myself out.
Then after the third rep, I just went up to Nils.
He was next to me.
I was like, I don't think I can get through this.
I am in trouble here.
Then I ended up puking.
I finished it.
Then me and O actually had dinner after and we're sitting there and I'm on Twitter.
I just looked up to him.
I was like, just delete Twitter for the day.
This ain't good.
Oh my goodness. They were fucking
they were ready to run him out of town. You were
the first person on the podcast again.
And then
he's been unbelievable
so far. So thank you know, thank God.
I mean, he's such a good player.
So I knew it was going to happen.
He comes here and he's just going to be a stud.
But yeah, definitely tough test for both of us coming here.
Well, so we might as well touch on it now.
You're off ice.
You're pretty dedicated.
You got your full-time diet under the TV12 diet routine.
And also, of course, your physical training. Jesus Christ, spit it the fuck out biz.
Well, yeah, I, I definitely could be better with my diet,
especially in the off season. Like I love, you know, Chick-fil-A and that's,
that's something I could really cut out. You know,
there's a new one on exit 13 and I know the handover one.
That's they, they also rip through the drive-thru that's the most
well-run restaurant on the planet so here i got a story about chick-fil-a so uh chicken chicken
fella how do you say it chicken what it's spelt weird it's spelt weird shut up wit so we went on
the way to our sandbagger in arizona and remember when i said ah the chicken's a little bit rubbery
and they kind of undercooked it.
So the next time I went, I said, hey, do you mind keeping the chicken
in the fryer an extra 30 seconds to a minute?
And legit, taking the order, they're like, no,
we have a certain time that we do it and we can't go above that.
Like they are on strict protocol.
So I said, okay, okay never mind i'm not
ordering anything so i waited i waited in the drive between the cars and then it's and then i
just drove right through that's how stubborn and the fact that they would keep it in hung over we
cannot take that day like we might our taste buds might have been on another planet no no it was it
was definitely a little bit rubby uh rubbery and I think that you should be able to get it a little bit extra crispy
if you want it.
They should be able to, quote, unquote, break protocol
if you want a crispy chicken strip.
No, Garz?
I wouldn't mess with their chicken.
I let them do it.
It's too good.
An extra 30 seconds is nothing in a deep fryer.
It is so in terms of the day, and they're cooking everything non-stop and it's
just all the same so like once you add 30 seconds to ball biz nasty bits in that order then like
the next order is messed up yeah the whole drive-thru is messed up yeah they're working
on a system here dude they're flying the toilet all right you know i'd be like hey
biz go an extra 45 seconds and then gretzky doesn't get to talk on TNT. It's like, that didn't work.
Dude, fucking asshole.
Connie, just said something about playing CODs.
What are your favorite games?
Spades, Baccarat, and Super Talk.
Schnarps is a good one.
What's Super Talk?
You know, the game with the marbles?
Never played it.
Never even heard of it.
Yeah, I never played it.
They played it at the table next to me on the plane,
and they taught it to me recently. It's a very confusing game, but it's been fun.
But I used to play spades in Arizona, me and Phil versus Devo and Chicky,
two best spade players in the world.
I don't know how much I had to give them at the end of the year.
They are unbeatable.
So I'm glad I'm off that table.
You went from league minimum right back to AHL salary.
It was unbelievable.
They never lost.
It was like every time they needed a good card, they had it,
and they would just play it.
It was criminal.
People still play poker at all?
Or is that kind of passion?
I have.
I've only seen it once on
the plane um but it's hard just because everybody's so spread out the tables but you know there's not
many card players actually on this team here Arizona was like you had to fight somebody to
get at the table so uh but here I was I was gifted a seat everyone wanted Phil's money although I
heard you can play too so I great player there's a great website out there. It's
called left wing lock.com. And every single day they update the NHL teams lines in practice that
day that, that night's games. And I noticed you're playing on the third, third, they have it as the
third line right now. Has that been the case all year? Have you been on different lines?
It just said today that you were with Dickinson and Paul Colson.
Yeah, Paul Colson, yeah.
Yeah, we tried that last game.
We actually played pretty well together.
But, yeah, they kind of have their lines from last year that we're going with.
We're in a little bit of a slump right now, so try to go to some old lines.
And I've been playing with Dickie and Pods right now,
and they're both great players.
you know, try to go to some old lines. And I've been playing with Dickie and pods right now and they're both great
players. So, but yeah, I, I've been playing,
I played with Bo and Pearson for the first like six or seven games and,
you know, two great players. So, but there's so much,
there's so much talent on our team that, you know, wherever I am,
it's pretty easy to play.
Yeah. Give me your first thoughts on, on Quinn Hughes, right?
Because as a former freshman, this guy,
it's just beautiful to watch him skate. And, thoughts on Quinn Hughes, right? Because as a former freshman, this guy,
it's just beautiful to watch him skate. And I'm wondering, first time you got on
the ice playing with him, were you just like,
wow, this is a different level
player right here? Yeah. Well,
to be honest, the first time I played against him,
we matched up against him.
Or they matched, we were at home.
They were at home. So I was thinking to myself,
small D, you know,
he's offensive, like, love to play against that. thinking to myself small d you know he's offensive like
love to play against that and then all of a sudden he's flying around the ozone and you're like
worried about him the whole time and then they turn it over and you get it you're like oh you
gotta rush and he's just catching you in like three strides so he ended up being like my least
favorite d to play against because he's all over the ice and it's just he's just so good and um
yeah it's been fun
to watch he's kind of like you know the engine that you know drives our team like he's just
always moving pucks pucks are coming up fast when he's out on the ice and in the ozone he's
you know he's so so fun to watch just kind of like stares at the guy and then gives a little
head fake and shot on that so it's one of the top players like he's just really really fun to watch what's he like
off the ice he seems like he's pretty quiet and chill yeah he's he's as chill as it gets i mean
he doesn't have many cares in the world so um but he's he's very very likable i loved hanging out
right from the start so he was late to camp and i didn't get to meet him i actually met him like
on one of our you know first days uh as a full team and kind of hit it off right away so he's a great guy to be around he was setting up all the sorority
parties at u of m holding out for the big money that's probably why i stay in there just enjoying
the college experience a couple couple weeks longer him and petey as i'm puking on the ice
and avatar who else is is going to surprise you?
Like maybe didn't realize they were even that good.
Even if you've played against them before.
Yeah,
it's a good question.
I think Millsy for sure.
Like I saw his points when we got traded and I was really actually
surprised kind of like a hidden player who puts up 70 points almost like
every year.
That's,
that's kind of crazy.
You know,
bass,
just the shot he has,
you know,
someone,
you know,
you can score from outside the circles. I think that's such a rare talent.
And he's one of the guys that can do it. Um, someone that like, you know,
Tucker Pullman that we actually signed from Winnipeg, how good he's been and,
you know, how steady he is,
but he breaks the puck out really easy for a guy that's six, six. So,
but there was a ton of guys, probably the most is Hoglander.
I didn't get to see him.
We didn't get to play against him.
They were in the North division and first couple of days of camp,
it was, it was pretty crazy to see his speed.
And, you know, he's a little bigger than me,
but he's just like so shifty and strong.
So a lot of, a lot of good players.
We had Petey on the show a while back.
Great, great interview.
He seems like quite a character.
What's he like playing with around the Roman stuff?
Yeah.
He's he's he's just, you know, he's peaty, right?
Like he's just
Dry, right?
Yeah, when you're that good, there isn't much worry in the world, right?
So, like, it must be fun being that good.
But he's a great guy.
He loves hockey.
So, you know, he's a fun guy to talk to about, you know,
watching games with and stuff.
So, I've enjoyed him a lot.
Like I said, you know, our team in Arizona was really tight, but this one is, you know, it's,
you know, I was, you know, I guess you're a little worried when you,
when you have so many good friends on a team like Arizona,
and then you get traded, you're, you're a little worried.
Like, am I going to fit into this group as well?
And they've been nothing but welcome. It's been a great group.
That's awesome. I don't really have much else, boys.
This has been a great interview. It's good to get to know you.
Honestly, Biz was the one that really kind of put you on the map for me,
started watching your game, being like, wow, this is a really special player.
So I'm happy you got your payday.
You're in a really hockey-first environment now,
and it's cool to see a local kid really ripping it up.
So I'm happy for you.
I appreciate you coming on.
All right, but before you ask your last question here, i want a percentage of that contract for fucking basically being your
agent for two years well obviously not if they didn't resign me they didn't do that well
i think i'm gonna log off now i couldn't i couldn't even get a get a phone i said i said i
said get rid of them.
We can't afford them, and I'm not making enough in the booth right now,
so we got to snap this around a little bit more.
But, hey, I'm happy you got your payday.
Well-deserved, man.
It sucks that the Coyotes couldn't keep it,
but we got bigger plans to go for the first overall pick, and Shane Wright.
Con, I just want to ask, what's the inspiration, if any,
behind the number eight when you got to Vancouver?
I just wore it in junior um yeah i grew up kind of in the old betchkin and crosby era and i was an old betchkin fan first and i wore that um ended up being a
bigger crosby fan but uh just kind of always wore it baseball everything i had and i went to the
minors and they didn't give it to me so then and then i actually got called up two days after Nick Schmaltz and he got
number eight, two days before me. So when I had the chance to get it,
I didn't pass up.
One more for you, Connor and we free agents and staff, I'm sorry,
front offices and staffs. They still seem to be so obsessed with size.
We talked about a little while ago on, you know,
the 60 years of evidence that guys, I go back to Andre Rashad all the time.
Why are they still so obsessed with it?
Even though there's so much evidence that, you know,
guys can play at your size. Well, there's for sure guys that can play it are you know my size
and you know certain guys size but i think the one thing you have to have is you know you got
to have grit and you got to be you know on the inside you can't be a small guy that you know
is on the outside and a perimeter small guy so i think that's probably you know something that
teams are probably hesitant on i mean you know I think when you hear from scouts,
you know, what they look at, you know, the five tools,
and if you don't have size, there's one crossed off,
and then, you know, you're only down to four.
So you better have the other four to, you know,
to be able to make an impact.
And, you know, as a smaller guy, you got to know that you can't have
many holes in your game.
And I think the biggest thing is probably just being a tough,
small guy and getting to those tough areas. answer and rights fucking rights way to make ra look like a
genius there connor that takes that takes a lot actually he's the guy who plays chess did you
like doc did you watch queen's gambit at all did you watch that yeah chess player yeah i grew up
i went to private school with Dexter for a few years,
and I had a teacher there teach me it.
Actually, we were in New York one night playing,
and this guy had a table set up, you know, in downtown,
and I gave him a good match in front of all the boys.
So I gave him a beatdown.
So the boys liked that.
Searching for Bobby Fisher, dude.
No, I'm not.
I played against some guys that are really good.
Trevor Moore in L.A. is actually a really good player.
Really?
Yeah, he's a good player.
And I heard Dustin Brown's really good as well.
But something I grew up playing, and anytime I get a chance to play,
I play it.
I'd like to play in chess.
Are you a player?
Grinnelli, let's bring the
If we don't  if you can beat me in a chess game, where's the punchline?
Shut up.
Wait, you don't think I can play chess.
Do you know what I would love to play you in chess?
Let's play in Philly and we'll record it.
Done.
Done.
And then Garland, maybe if you can beat me in a chess match,
you can come join us for a sandbag.
Cause I'm going to make you back up those words on you saying you're
better than me at golf, peckerhead.
You know what?
I watched you, and I was getting mad how well you were playing.
Like, you make the craziest shots.
It's like, you know, the swing's okay.
But, like, sometimes you have, like, a four-iron, like, 220 out, and it's next to the hole.
And I'm watching.
I'm like, what the hell just happened?
Yeah.
It's when I get the perfect mix of Pink Whitney and weed.
Whenever I get the perfect fucked upness,
that's when it all comes together in the mechanic circle.
And so, listen, we want to thank you again, buddy, for coming on.
Wish you the best of luck.
Go Yotes.
You're still a coyote in my heart.
Still root for him.
Anything else, R. Ray?
I'm good. I'm good.
Unless, no, I'm good.
That's it.
Thanks for coming on, pal.
Thanks so much, buddy.
Good luck.
Thanks, Connor.
Thank you.
Appreciate it, guys.
Huge thanks to Connor for joining us on the show today.
Great kid.
Easy to root for.
And hopefully Vancouver can turn around so I can root for the local guy.
We do want to also mention that interview was also brought to you by Sling TV.
The NHL season is here, and if you love watching sports
but you're tired of the high prices,
it's time to take control of your TV experience.
It's time you got Sling.
Sling is the place where your favorite sports channels like ESPN, FS1, TNT,
and more all come together for less.
Plus, you can watch sports all season long with the
sling blue plus sports extra package which gives you access to nhl network and more like red zone
and golf channel for only 21 for your first month you can also watch past episodes of spit and
chiclets sandbagger invitations and exclusive new barstool content for free on the barstool sports
channel on Sling.
You're going to see how easy this is to set up and use.
I was over with my buddies the other day.
I might have to grab this from every room in my house, man.
Sling is awesome.
There's no contract.
That's probably the best part about it.
And deals start at just 35 a month.
So sign up now and get your first month for just 10.
Go to sling.com slash Barstool to sign up now and get your first month starting at
just 10 dollars uh are the nordiques coming back biz have you are you brushed up in your french biz
at all how much french you speak because i don't know if you saw this one every time we do a
podcast and there's a rumor come up you're telling me the coyotes are moving to houston they're
moving to quebec what's going on here hey What's the latest news that I'm not going to believe?
Apparently, the Quebec Premier
was having a sit-down with Bettman.
Francois Legault said...
That's the only reason I went down.
Francois Legault said
Thursday, quote, I've spoken with
Bettman already, and there are meetings that are planned
during the coming months.
You have to look to know who is ready to invest.
We have an arena already built in Quebec City,
and we are in contact with Bettman to find out what we need
to bring back the Nordiques.
Quebec City's what's called the Videotron Center.
It's an 18,000-seat arena opened back in 2015.
It's the seventh-largest indoor arena in Canada
and the largest that doesn't have an NHL team.
Currently, the QMJHL Quebec
ramparts are the primary tenant.
The odds on this happening? I don't
know, man. I know the dollar is always
an issue up there getting sponsors, but
Biz, do you need to brush up on your French
or what? No. The Coyotes
are staying. They're going to figure it out.
We know eventually the team's going to move
to probably Tempe. And once
that happens, it's game over.
Then we're going to take over the league.
We just wanted to give everybody a head start.
That's when Austin Matthews is going to be playing first line center.
For the Desert Dogs, the Desert Dogs.
What a Leafs fan you are, you fucking fraud.
He's going to fucking take care of business there.
Shut the fuck up.
He's going to take care of business there.
He's going to deliver the fucking cup to Toronto.
Take care of the slump that they've been in for how many years now?
Close to 80, I think.
And then he's going to come grow the game down in the desert, man.
Everybody can have their cake and eat it too, man.
Mr. fucking Debbie Downer over there.
I'm pretty sure that most Leafs, diehard Leafs fans.
Anything to bring down the Leafs when they're fucking rolling over the league right now.
They'd be like, oh, yeah, okay, Austin, go down to Scottsdale where you're from.
Thanks for helping us out, buddy.
They'd be like, we want more cups.
We don't want to go another 80 years.
I'll say this, too.
I don't want the Coyotes to leave because I love Shane Doan.
And I know Shane Doan's a part of that organization.
One of the best guys ever.
I think it could be great in Scottsdale or Tempe,
and they could pack the barn,
and who knows how the team's ever going to get good again.
But I'm down with them staying, the Arizona Coyotes.
But if they were to move, I'm all in on Quebec being the spot.
And, all right, you do bring up the dollar.
Maybe that's an enormous issue, but to have another team in Canada is a good thing.
It's not the same.
What?
It's not the same.
There's a currency exchange.
I just wanted to give you the heads up.
Didn't I just say that?
No, I know.
I just wanted to point out there's a difference.
Keep going.
Okay, guys, you can text and tweet Paul that
that made no sense. Quebec could
have another team in Quebec.
They have two teams and
it would give me a reason
to go back up to a spot
that in 1997
I made history
in winning the Quebec Pee Wee
World Championship. Give me a reason to go back.
Give me a reason to go back. Give me a reason to go back.
Brian Yandel's son Colin, their Terriers team's going back this year.
He's going to try to win it as a player and a coach.
What a story that would be.
The rinks shrink.
So we'll see.
But I just think it would be sick, and mainly I love the uniforms.
I love the name, the Nordiques.
The unis were sick.
It would be a great spot for another NHL team.
But I'm all in on Arizona keeping them because of Shane Doan.
Yeah, because there's not going to be any more expansion.
I think that the league, like every league, 32 is the perfect number.
The only way they're probably going to get a team back is if someone moves.
And obviously, Arizona is the big candidate.
I would love to see Quebec.
They deserve a team.
They should move the Islanders.
And Quebec and Montreal is one of the great rivalries of the 80s.
I know we always talk about the Canadians and the Bruins,
but Montreal and the Quebec fucking Nordiques hated each other.
That was a blood feud.
But I don't know.
I remain skeptical because it always comes down to money and the legal.
Move the Islanders.
Just a matter of time anyway.
No tailgating at the new rink.
The fans aren't going to show up.
It's going to be ghost town in no time.
Islanders to Quebec. Biz, you're going to show up. It's going to be ghost town in no time. Islanders to Quebec.
Biz, you're going to be announcing for the 2023 Houston Toros,
so just deal with it.
If they went to Houston instead of Quebec, that would be a huge mistake.
Yeah, I mean.
But money talks.
I just don't think there's enough corporate dollar to sustain it there.
You look at the Arizona economy just in general,
like 5 million people in the surrounding area.
There's just like too much upside.
So anyway, we'll move on.
I'm moving right along.
What a wagon the Carolina Hurricanes are.
14-2.
They've won four in a row.
9-1 on the road in the midst of a 3-0 run on a current road trip.
But this rookie, Seth Jarvis, 19 years old,
totally jumps out when you're watching the games lately.
He's got goals in three straight games, had consecutive game winners.
What's he get?
Five points in nine games.
He's drawn four penalties, averaging over 14 minutes of ice time a game.
And he's worked himself up to the top line with Ajo and Svechnikov.
His 10th game played will be, well, tonight, last night, Monday night.
So he's up for the year unless they decide to send him back.
But either way, he's burning off that first year of his entry-level deal.
Great stuff.
Whit, have you been able to see this kid play, man?
I've seen a little bit of their games lately,
and the fact that they just keep trucking along like this is really no surprise.
I'll say Jarvis is a little bit of a surprise,
and I think when you look at going into the year,
every GM and coaching staff, they look at what they think they have.
They look at the line matchups.
They look at where they think they have they look at the line matchups they look at where they think guys slate and they could have hoped and wished that seth
jarvis who was just drafted in 2020 that that he could make the jump but there's no way they planned
on this so when you plan on aho and his numbers and you plan on neck neckish and and the improvement
that how good of a player he's been and slaving and how like reliable he is you have all these
things you expect and plan for.
This was not something they expected or planned for.
So the fact that it's happening to probably the best team in the NHL right now
is just another feather in their cap.
So I think you look at the kid and, like you said, like 10 games, that burns off the year.
And one thing, if he's up but he's not really in it, he's in and out of the lineup
but he's playing third or fourth line, it's like, all right, we'll go back.
You don't need to be in the NHL right now.
It's so early.
But he's playing 15 minutes a game on the top line.
It's like, why are we sending him anywhere?
So I think he looks great.
The whole team looks great.
We've kind of pumped their tires enough, which we should have
because of how good they've been all year.
The clip that came out this week that was typical was Rod the Bot
unloading the bags from the plane when they got to Vegas.
That may be last week when we talked about it, but they have everything it takes to really make a run.
Now, I personally think they're like a star short of winning the Stanley Cup.
Maybe I'm off there.
I just feel like you look at the cup champions and you look at like the absolute.
Oh, wow. Imagine Pavelski. Wow. I just feel like you look at the cup champions and you look at like the absolute oh wow
imagine Pavelski
that'd be like when Caroline
that'd be like when Caroline
grabbed Mark
from Pittsburgh Penguins and went on to win the Stanley Cup
that'd be
what a move that would be
and the goaltending
which was a little bit of a question mark
and we did a little bit of chirping
and letting the delkovich leave but anderson's been so rock solid lights out and it's just a
great team that is well-rounded has depth and has eight pretty much eight if not seven defensemen
that could be in the lineup every night i know brendan smith hasn't always been playing now
ethan bear i think's out day to day but even brendan smith comes in he's a little good it's
just the team is firing on all cylinders,
and they're going to be at the top of the league probably all year.
We thought it was going to change the other night.
We live bet the Anaheim Ducks going into the third period.
It was tied 1-1.
And, yeah, Carolina, Carolina, man, they just find a way to win.
They play with such a great pace and never  like they'll give up that chance, but never really giving up massive sustained pressure,
always really pushing the pace of play.
As you said, there's a little bit of luck that goes involved.
They lose certain guys in the expansion draft,
and they just kind of replenish, restock, and move forward.
But yeah, definitely could sense a big move with the deadline coming.
And the most important thing a lot of times is health,
and they've been very lucky.
They have not been losing guys to injury and COVID and all that,
so you've got to keep your eye on that.
But so far, so good in terms of getting their ultimate lineup playing most nights.
Yeah, there's a good piece in The Athletic about Jarvis that came out,
I believe it was Monday,
Sarah Sivian who covers the team, said when he first learned
how to write, he basically wrote that, I'm going to
join the National Hockey League and like mapped
out his whole thing. So the kid just learned how to write
and he was already like mapping his NHL future.
Pretty cool story. Check it out if you haven't read it yet.
Speaking of mapping out, I watched that
William Sister movie with Will
Smith. Oh, King Richard. Oh, dude,
it was so good. I cried a couple of times.
I didn't,
I wasn't even on a flight and I started shedding a couple of tears.
It's emotional,
man.
It's like the guy,
like he did everything to put his daughters in a situation to become who
they were.
And they lived up to every expectation.
It's an incredible movie.
Will Smith did a great job and I recommend it to anyone.
I don't even know the name of it. My girl put it on last night and king richard it just it dropped on hbo max friday i
haven't i i actually put it on i fell asleep not because it was boring just because i was i was
tired but i i enjoyed what i had seen for it so far check it out with will smith take on a on a
challenging role once again he is i'm gonna watch it I do remember. Don't watch it on a plane, folks.
Don't watch it on a plane.
I'm sure they go into it, but Venus was the stud at the beginning,
and I think she's older, obviously, but she was unreal.
No.
Yeah, Venus was the stud, and Serena came on to be even better, right?
Yeah.
She said, you're going to pave the way to Venus,
and then he told Serena back then, he goes're gonna be the greatest it's it's such a
crazy story man like you know i gotta see the movie but it's also there's so many parents like
that who it doesn't work out but for every one of the in every mr for every earl woods there's
there's a hundred fucking jerk offs that ruin their kids lives but i haven't seen the movie yet
right yeah and i think that was
the perception of him and that's probably a big reason why they did the movie is no he always
stressed first thing you got to be having fun it's all about nice yeah the girls wanted it more
than he did it was just more of yeah so that's what was so cool about it and you know like like
through the come up like i i think they're a little bit older than me, if not close to the same age, but you always knew that he was a very involved parent,
but to the level that he was and how much they wanted it,
it all made sense.
So it's cool.
I'm glad they did it.
Yeah, it's such an unlikely story.
And this guy was mapping this out when they weren't even born yet,
the idea that he's going to have his two black daughters
come to dominate this ultra white sport that's been white since it started.
That whole aspect of it, it's an amazing story.
So I'm glad you brought it up, Biz.
But moving right along, Biz's team, the Leafs, 13-6-1, continuing to hunt right along.
Oh, Biz's team.
Oh, okay.
So which team are we going into now?
I'm sorry, his other team.
Oh, okay.
But the big news out of Toronto, Pablo, he's dropping the duster uh he raised more than
134 000 for movember he said if he did he would shave the duster and of course movember focuses
on men's health suicide prevention prostate and testicular cancer research so it's a great cause
he's supporting uh but he's finally going to drop the duster uh either way the leafs 11 and 2 in
their last 13 with with pairs five-game winning streaks.
They're two points behind Florida right now for the division lead.
Biz, you can scrub them off.
I mean, what else is there to say?
They look unbelievable.
And as far as Austin Matthews setting an example and raising money for charity,
Witt, I don't even know if your Canadian team captain can grow facial hair.
But mustache or not, this guy's going to continue to light the lamp.
And even through that stretch of games where they probably played their worst
against Buffalo, they're finding a way to win.
And in other games, they look utterly dominant.
I know Islanders fans are going to say, we didn't have our lineup,
the COVID bullshit.
Well, fuck, there's a million other examples in those 11 wins
in the last 13 games
and they're getting the the secondary goaltending all of a sudden this wall kid comes on the scene
they got the wall they got hall how many other guys they got with that fucking oll on the end
but i think once they i think once they signed morgan riley it really calmed things down and
after that shitty start we're exactly who we thought they were.
So I can't enjoy this.
I can't mention it.
I can't pump their tires because it's all about the first week of playoffs.
No, no, no, no.
I didn't say that.
Oh, okay.
No, I said I wouldn't.
I said I really have not much to say to the first round of playoffs,
first week of May.
You Leafs fans 100 enjoy it.
Why wouldn't you?
If you're a dire Leafs fan, you're watching your team truck through the league right now.
That's a great thing to see.
My whole thing as a hater, and I was a lover last year, my whole thing as a critic is just
it's kind of like show me in May.
But I am not at all blaming you for enjoying this.
Not at all.
They look fantastic.
Since they've had this core group
and of course with keith is this the best that they've looked this stretch of hockey is this
the best they've looked under under the not only the new coach but since these guys at least got
to a point where they were off their entry level contracts this is the best stretch of hockey that
they've played they look good on the defensive side of the puck they look more of a team than they ever have before for a sustained amount of
time not even they might even had a better win streak in that but just the way that they're
they're able to win hockey games right now is I think the best hockey they've played easily under
their new coach but since this whole group has came together, even since Johnny Tease came over, I would say.
So for me, it's a completely different look going into the postseason.
It's a completely blank slate, and I couldn't be happier for the boys in blue.
If the third line, like the Kampf and Kashi,
I think Richie was with them the other night.
Kashi scored a big goal against the Islanders.
If they play great, yeah, you're looking at the depth
and the things that I chirped.
They only got the top six forwards.
But if they play that good, they certainly look great.
Muzzin looks solid.
They're a good team, man.
Said it all along.
They're a very good team.
Jack Campbell's two series wins away from being like a Felix Potvin or Cujo popularity in Toronto.
Well, they can't sign him, huh?
They did bring back Kyle Clifford, by the way.
They got him from St. Louis for future considerations.
Little deaf never heard biz, right?
Guy like Clifford.
Yeah, fuck, I love Cliffy.
Yeah, absolutely.
But the other big story out of Toronto, and this is, you know,
he hasn't been in the league since the 2018-19 season.
Dion Phaneuf officially retired.
He announced it.
They did a nice little thing for him before the game the other night.
14 seasons split between Calgary, Toronto, Ottawa, and L.A.
He got 1,048 games played in the regular season,
55 more in the playoffs.
I know you want to talk a little bit about Double D on Biz, your old pal.
Oh, I had him written down.
I actually texted him before the show.
I said, hey, anything to say that Chicklet's faithful?
Because, you know, of course, man, this guy had an awesome career,
a little selfish playing over 1,000 games.
I said, anything you want me to relay?
He goes, yes, I would like you to relay that I appreciate all the fan support
over the years in every city I played in.
Enjoyed every part of the journey, and I hope I'm remembered as a player that played the game hard, honest, and the right way.
Which I think he did.
I think he did.
He would be the guy to answer his own bell.
Ever since he came up through the ranks, I had the opportunity to play with him when he was in under 18.
I actually played against him when he was in under 17.
You fought him, didn't you?
I fought him at the top prospects game.
But the first time he came on the scene was under 17,
and they had a lot of good teams on.
I think it was Team Pacific.
And it was Seabrook, him, Colburn.
There was this big wave of defensemen coming out of the west my
draft year and I mean you saw the way that he came into the league with Calgary I want to say 19 or
20 goals his first year would lay the boom on guys and I think maybe treated a little bit unfairly
in Toronto through his time there but but handled the captaincy with class through maybe a little bit of a difficult time.
And as I said, a wonderful career.
And I was surprised to see that the longest run that he'd been on
was with Ottawa in 2017, I want to say.
Yeah, I was shocked when I saw that.
That was to what, the conference finals?
Yeah, when they ended up losing to Pittsburgh.
Yeah, they had that magical run.
Yeah, his longest playoff run.
I was shocked, actually, when I saw that.
But a big part of the World Juniors
when he was age-eligible
back then, I think he won
two gold medals when they had that
sick 85 team. So,
congrats on an unbelievable career, pal.
And what do you got to say, Whit?
I got to say, my
first time I ever saw him play, I was
playing against him.
So we were rookies the same year, and obviously it was Crosby, Ovechkin, and Fnuff.
Those were the three big rookies.
I think it finished Ovi, Sid, Dion in the Rookie of the Year voting.
So, you know, he came on the scene quick.
He was hammering guys.
He had this one-timer.
Very, very quick feet, dude. I just remember his crossovers. Like, he just gainedhe would gain ground on guys. He had this one-timer. Very, very quick feet, dude. I just remember his crossovers.
Like, he just gained, he would gain ground on guys. Like, guys would think they have him beat
wide. All of a sudden, he's just laying them out. So, we played Calgary in Pittsburgh, and it was,
it was, you know, Crosby versus Fanoff, right? Two star rookies, and I was like, holy shit,
I am not even on the same planet as this guy.
The way he played the game and the way he made and announced himself in games,
I think he was 19 years old, right?
Would he have been 19 or maybe 20 at that time?
And he's going up against the veterans of every other team.
He's willing to fight anyone.
The hits he threw were ridiculous.
And he had this swagger, which let me tell you,
people may think it doesn't really matter.
The way this guy fucking held himself,
you'd see him in warm-ups.
Almost comical.
Yeah, he was like a little WWE-ish.
But then the game would start.
And what he told you is so true. He played the game hard, and he played the game honest.
And every single shift he
was out there he was looking to take someone's head off or he's looking to get a rocket shot on
net he passed the puck hard i just remember being blown away like holy fuck this guy's 19 he was
like scott the the last wave of like scott stevens hits where he would you would see the guy's soul
leave his body when you would catch him in the middle of the ice. Oh, he fucking killed that.
He was young, but he was so strong.
And I just remember he had the Reebok.
I think he was wearing the Reebok skates then, just crushing guys.
I think he had bad sock wear on the bottom there.
He was one of those guys that had that.
I remember thinking, at least rookie year, he had sick gear wear.
I thought he had pretty good gear wear.
He had, like, bell-bottom socks.
But he had 20 his rookie year i think he went 17 the year after that 17 the year after that so you're teeing up that rocket one-timer in calgary and you know i was playing
on the east in pittsburgh so there'd be nights you know the late west coast hockey game you'd
watch this kid it's like fuck he was awesome right from the get-go never spent the day in the minors uh makes sense but yeah in toronto i didn't know until the retirement little ceremony they did
um the day of his announced retirement at the leafs game how much he did off the ice
you know he had he was dealing with a lot of former uh military people he was doing a ton for
kids you could tell he really like announced himself in the community there and he was a captain he's they showed the video of of his uh i think his
picture being hung up in the weight room or in the practice facility with all the other uh past
captains of the maple leaf so everyone that played with him loved him i think he was a guy that
would give it to you he's very mouthy from what i've heard but you know guys would give it back
to him he'd have to take it but he was good at chirping. He gave guys shit.
Like you said, he was one goal away.
A Chris Kunitz goal fucked him out of going
to the Stanley Cup final.
We've both been fucked by Kunitz.
Wasn't that story
too? Someone asked him in the locker room one time,
did you get changed for 20? He was like,
20 is change.
That is change. It's funny
because those type of comments only come out of the guys
who never played a day in the American League.
Because Jovanoski is a guy who used to say that line too,
and he was right from being drafted right to the show.
That's fucking funny.
Dion had some amazing, like, he had, like, so many different hair.
Oh, he had some tough frosted tips.
He had the frosted.
But he also had like the, what is it called in the middle there?
The part?
A part?
No, like when you get the thing.
Full hawk.
He had the full hawk.
Yeah, he had like the different full hawks he'd have going and stuff.
Never a helmet on in war.
That was the Islander special.
I remember one year they used to go, like their whole team would go no helmet.
And about 15 guys in their team had faux hawks and your hands would say we're playing the new york faux hawks tonight and you go
up and warm up and they'd all have it spiked up uh well i was just gonna say something quickly
there about uh what were we talking about dion that's a double oh oh so uh i think he'd uh i
think he'd bought one of those jeeps, the SRT8s.
They're pretty nice Jeeps.
I think they're about 70,000 Canadian.
And before games, he always used to go to this Tim Hortons,
and he'd leave it running out front on the way to the game.
And one time, somebody hopped in and stole it.
Like a teammate?
No, no, no.
It got full-fledged stolen on the gate way to a game he was fucking
fuming it might have been a it might have been a starbucks but i'm pretty sure it's tim hortons
he was getting one of those wano's nine sugars are we gonna get him in a sandbagger he's i think
he said uh he would i don't know if he's gonna come on the pod but he said he'd do a sandbagger
hopefully with dann Heatley.
I saw him,
Teddy,
and Danny were at the Rams game.
Yeah,
you see Teddy's caption on the Instagram?
Because they were at the,
they're at the LA Rams game,
and he said,
congrats on your retirement,
please don't ever retire from golf,
because Teddy says he takes so much money from him.
Oh,
does he?
Teddy says he smashes him,
so we got to get,
maybe Deion will send you a text, fuck off, tell Teddy to beat it.
I'm beating him regularly.
But I think Teddy's giving him beatings out of Bel Air.
Phaneuf might have worse calves than you, Whit.
Really?
I thought he was like a thick guy.
He might be, but he's got terrible calves.
They're not proportionate to his body.
So I'm hoping he hears this and it kind of gets us chirping on the golf course.
If we, if we did a sandbagger a hundred percent,
the full 18 holes would be me and him going back and forth.
Cause that's the way it was when I played under 18 with him.
I told you he was fucking sawing my sticks. Like this guy, I was, he,
he was like Yandel before Yandel.
He would just like clown on me the whole time in the locker room and the guys
would just have, he'd hold court.
So definitely a great teammate and congrats on a wonderful career double dion pierre mcguire sad
fuck you know he's shedding a few tears well said biz also we want to congratulate uh 2010 stanley
cup winner troy brower he also announced his retirement last week uh 14 seasons with chicago
washington st louis calgary and florida 851 games uh in the
regular season 106 more in the playoffs so congrats to troy as well uh hey you know what there's
nothing worse than not feeling safe in your own home which is why you should be using simply safe
and this week our friends at simply safe are giving spitting chicklets listeners early access
to their all black friday deals 50 off their
award-winning home security i love simply safe because it has everything i need to make my home
feel safe indoor and outdoor cameras comprehensive sensors all monitored around the clock by trained
professionals who send help the instant you need it but my favorite part like i always say it's so
easy to customize your system online and then putting it together.
I don't even own a toolbox.
This stuff is easy to do.
Any dummy can do it.
These are SimpliSafe's biggest discounts of the year.
You can get a complete home security system starting at just over 100.
And there are no long-term contracts or commitments.
It's a really easy way to start feeling a bit more peace of mind.
it's a really easy way to start feeling a bit more peace of mind.
So take advantage of SimpliSafe's early Black Friday deals and get 50 off your new home security system
by visiting simplisafe.com slash chiclets.
Again, that's simplisafe.com slash chiclets for 50 off your entire system.
Well, Biz, the Battle of Alberta is the Battle of
the Pacific right now. The Flames and
Oilers, they keep taking turns leapfrogging
each other for first place. Who's in first right now,
R.A.? The Flames are currently on top,
but Edmondson does have two games in hand.
But Calgary, they just had
a really nice road trip, full one
and two road trip. Mangiapane,
man, 15 fucking goals in
19 games. 13 road games. Or road goals, excuse me. He looks like a Cy Young winner, 15 and two. trip uh manji apani man 15 fucking goals in 19 13 road games or road goals excuse me
he looks like a cy young winner 15 and 2 he's got 15 goals and two two assists when you when you
look up his stats but what's this kid doing different business year that he wasn't before
well i remember talking to uh ryan leslie he does all the television there and i remember through
the holdout i was like because he was like holding out in camp, I think it was the year before last.
And I was like, is this kid any good?
And he goes, yeah, he's got some pep to his step.
He scored in junior, and he's obviously confident in his abilities at this level.
But, I mean, the start he's had to this season, and as I mentioned,
13 road goals, which is unbelievable, playing Big D hockey.
I was looking over all of his goals
he's just really good around the net and things are going his way right now i mean you saw the
one he had against boston i mean there was a couple cracks at it instead of taking the loop
by the net what's he do he stops by the blue paint and then he's rewarded so i mean he is a
smaller undersized guy but definitely not not shy to go to the hard areas but overall i
ended up reading that pierre lebrun article and it just goes through like what daryl sutter's done
to the team and they go back to last season i think maybe some team or some people or fans
expected that he could turn things around a lot quicker but he really emphasized and stressed that
this training camp they were able to look a lot of the videos, say, these are the issues we have.
This is how we're going to try to correct them.
I hope that you guys believe in my philosophy.
And it seems, and I've talked to Lucic.
He's messaged me and I'm saying, what's going on?
He goes, big D hockey, baby.
Everybody's bought in and they're loving it.
And they've just been doing a really good team,
a job of limiting teams from scoring opportunities
if they do get them get one it's one crack they're taking advantage offensively when they are getting
their opportunities and they're they're getting to the lead most games are scoring that first goal
and then they're just like it just demoralizes teams because they're playing catch up and they're
they're all bought in and it's and it's really pretty to see. And you guys mentioned goaltending.
Like, yes, when the levy breaks,
those guys are there to make the big stops right now,
and that's what they need.
But in some of these wins on the road,
would they beat Buffalo 5-0, handed them,
and Granato had some, is it Donato or Granato?
Granato.
Granato's on center.
He had some really nice comments in that Pierre Lebrun article.
They asked Bruce Cassidy about it. everything i basically summarized was all these coaches just saying
this is what we're not getting anything they're capitalizing on everything they got no they got
no dead weight and they're just a a team that's really uh really taken the identity on of their coach.
And one thing that Sutter talked about in the article was the fact that in the hiring process, this was about a year in the making.
So he was able to watch all their games and become a fan
and just really see what's happening with their structure
and why they're losing games.
So I know he got the job midway through last season,
but he's really been eyeing this team for the last year and a half.
So now it's just finally starting to take mold,
and the adjustments that he's been doing throughout his time away on video
have really helped out and made a difference on the team.
Yeah, Markstrom is just at another level. talked about vladar but to have a goalie
two goalies playing this well that's one thing and goudreau is my big thing you know to see the
bounce back he's had to know it's a free agent year when a lot of people go into this season
including us didn't see this team doing anything didn't see him getting in the playoffs we talked
about where goudreau would be traded at the deadline being a UFA. Now, who knows what ends up happening, but this team looks great. One guy I kind of feel bad
for, I think of a little bit, his former captain, that's Mark Giordano, and he's in Seattle. It's a
struggle, and you look back on the team that you were the leader of, and you were there for so
long. You see him doing that well. No doubt that's tough to watch. I don't care who you are,
and when I look at Calgarygary be willing to get rid of him
and us questioning it and us wondering what's going on,
even though he was 37, 38 years old,
they must have known about Oliver Killington
and what type of player they have in this Swedish defender who looks so good.
He's got 12 points in 18 games.
He flies around the ice.
He actually looks similar to Giordano when he's a little bit younger
in terms of getting up and down the ice, playing
offense. I don't think he's a defender the way
Giordano is and is as physical as he is.
But still, they had a guy who they knew
could make that next step when they were okay
with losing their captain. They had a defender,
a left shot defender who stepped right in,
looked phenomenal. So
everything is coming together.
Everything is exactly happening the way I think
Daryl Sutter probably saw it it go down starting with defense first but also they're averaging over three goals
a game so it's not like they're completely just relying on the great goaltending they're able to
score monahan has been a little questionable in terms of like maybe not getting the minutes you're
used to i don't know if sutter doesn't maybe appreciate his game as coaches have in the past
but you look at what's up there and manji upon you can you've said it perfectly biz i think right now he's on team canada for
the olympics how do you really put him there i don't know his kids he's awesome yeah people
have been saying it online and i just like i tend to to to i don't get sucked on with that twitter
stuff come on meow well that's only your job why would you get involved in that no i'm running the
the mangiapani uh campaign to get to the olympics i'm on the i'm on the booster club board and the
fact that i'm gonna he's he's getting the bread man title why is he i was gonna he's dethroned it
he's dethroned it gotta call him the scally bread man oh he's dethroned he's dethroned dethroned
panarin okay his shooting percentage his shooting percentage right now, 31.3.
That scares me a bit.
That's not great.
That's ungodly.
That isn't exactly what you want to see.
Sell, sell, sell.
Yeah.
And the other thing you don't want to see if you're a Flames fan is it's another team,
a little north of you, called the Edmonton Oilers.
You can't match up with us.
You can't play with us.
You can, though.
You've played once this year. We shit-kicked your
5-2 at Rogers.
We have you again December 27th. That one's
at the Saddle Loans. Let's see what goes down then.
I will be betting Edmonton that game.
You can't handle the speed, and you do not
have a Dreitzile. You do not have a McDavid.
So good luck, Flames. Enjoy your season.
And Biz, enjoy your Flames
love. Because you always have the Maple Leafs to draw back.
They don't go far.
No, I can like a lot of teams, man.
I can be supportive of some teams and predict when I see a team that could potentially win the Stanley Cup,
like the Calgary Flames.
It's funny that you mentioned the speed stuff, though, in the article, not being biased at all here.
Sutter said that his time away helped him watch video
and realize where more and newer teams are
trying to generate their offense and where on forecheck and where to position themselves in
order to kind of direct it in other ways so it was kind of interesting to hear his time off benefit
in his way of of thinking of of new more developed philosophies in order to defend in the NHL he's a
fucker he's a great hockey mind, man.
He's been doing it for as long as he has,
and he's been able to adapt the years over years.
So look out.
It's going to be a good battle of Alberta the whole season long.
The thing that jumps out to me,
and I know what you talked about the goaltending,
seven shutouts in 19 games.
I don't think I've ever heard a ratio like that before.
I think it was like 1920 or something the last time it happened.
Like seven of them, and not just one guy.
I mean, Vladar's got two of them, and Markstrom's got the other five,
but just unbelievable goaltending so far.
Edmonton, we've got to talk about McDavid.
He did it again last week, one of those just jump out of your chair
and out the window goals versus Winnipeg.
He has a 17-game point streak to start the season.
Combined with Leon and Connor, they have 67 points in 17 games.
Comes just under four points per game between the two of them.
Also, Don Elnur is going to be out two to three weeks with a broken finger.
But like you said, Biz, this rivalry is great.
It's getting better and looking forward to that first matchup,
that next matchup.
We're going to get Jim Playfair, the assistant coach for the Oilers,
on the podcast to talk about all this stuff.
He sent me a clip of McDavid.
I don't know if it was the exact play where he ended up addressing
the Jets defenders.
Who was the defenseman that he ended up walking?
Stanley.
Oh, my goodness.
He just like at one point.
He's so big, though.
That guy's huge.
And then like with that speed and like how big his triangle is,
there's no chance.
Yeah, he was just working that.
That was probably the biggest triangle McDavid's ever seen.
But as he's coming up and ready to take that transition,
like the outlet pass coming on if it was like a neutral zone D to D,
he ends up shoulder checking four times where he scans the ice
before he ends up receiving the puck.
And he positions himself where he gets so low where he's able to do so.
So by the time he gets the puck and he's in full speed,
he's already figured out the chessboard.
So he knows exactly where he's going to hop
and what he's going to exploit in the coming move.
So it was pretty fascinating,
and I want to hear more of this in-depth analysis
from these assistant coaches that got to watch these top-end players
on a day-to-day basis.
So he's a freak.
Two of the top three goals this year.
You've got Kachuk, and then he's got the next two.
So pretty fascinating stuff.
No doubt.
Biz, I know there were a couple calls this week.
I don't know how controversial they were,
but the one you want to mention was the Jonathan Hubedo goal
on Thursday versus New Jersey. I liked it. A you know a lot of people like oh he looked off sides because he actually
skated backwards into the zone but he had possession of the puck even though the puck
was on the other side of the blue line uh but you know they had a changed that rule a few years back
no reason why it shouldn't be if you have possession i actually really like the fact
that they called it a goal i think some some people were surprised at the term possession because
when it just says he's about
to enter the zone where his toe is about to leave
the blue line, so at that point being
offside, the puck hits the stick
and he positions it in a way that
he catches it with momentum.
So what they're doing is they're rewarding
the offensive player for accepting that pass
clean and basically the second
it hit his blade
they considered a possession were you surprised to see that they ended up allowing it a goal
a little bit because if a player's been carrying it through the neutral zone and for some reason
were to back in i know that it would stand and that's on side you have full possession but the
way he had handled it so close to his skates being on the blue line, I guess it's hard to say that he had full control as he backed into the zone,
but looking at it over and over, they decided he did.
I like that, though.
Yeah, rather than reward the good offensive play.
So I think that that's kind of where I end up on that one,
and if you're on the losing end of that or you're the team that got scored.
Then you're going to kill a penalty.
Yeah, then you're a little bit bitter, but I say reward the offense, and that's a great call by the officials.
There was a few other wonky offside calls and goal calls.
I just figure this one would be good to talk about
because you see some fans complaining sometimes
about the fact that the guy's walking the puck into the zone,
which his skates, if he has possession and body, go in before the puck.
This was a case where he literally accepted it right on the blue line
as he was crossing.
So this one was a little bit different than the one I see fans
normally bitching about.
And the other one, Biz, was the Vegas game-winning goal
versus Columbus the other night.
I sent the clip over to you.
Now what happened was the guy received a pass.
I forget which player it was.
He was offside, and the linesman missed it,
but he went back over the blue line and came back in,
and Vegas ended up scoring.
So when Columbus challenged it, the last time the puck came in the zone,
because they had cleared the zone,
basically because the linesman missed the offside
and didn't blow the whistle, there was no offside call.
So when they went to review it, they only reviewed the last time the puck came of course no not not the
previous clear so like at first i was like what are they challenging for but because you know they
they reset and cleared it again i felt bad for columbus because they if they called the offside
originally as it should have been then vegas right but but did vegas did the player for vegas
realize that it was offside and exit the zone?
Are you saying it just so happens the puck came out again,
then they went back in?
Yeah, I mean, that's a smart move.
Yeah, so he took it back out.
I mean, I think it would have been too late for the linesman
to call offside at that point.
Then he probably would have looked like a buffoon.
But a lot of people were curious about it,
and it was like because he went back out out there was no challenge because there was really no
grounds to it i'm curious to know if if he was aware of it that's why he exited the zone again
which would be a fucking massive heads-up play but we can move on from the the weird offsides
yeah uh uh let's see you know the new jersey devils the alternate jerseys their third jerseys
they got leaked.
Those are for real?
I mean, until no one come out and denied it.
And usually when these things get leaked, they're pretty legit.
The collar looked legit, the label and stuff.
I mean, probably some of the- It's crazy bad.
It's like if somebody sees it that isn't a hockey fan,
they could be like, we know it's a jersey that you're wearing.
Why does it say jersey in huge letters?
A little redundant.
It's crazy.
I don't know.
But I saw somebody tweet in response to the video,
bring back our championship unis with Stevens holding the cup.
That's what they should go back to.
That thing was sick.
They've changed it up a little bit here and there.
Go back to that legit 1995 Stanley
Cup jersey they had. I think some people
sent out a photo of at one
point the jerseys did look
very similar to these. So it's more
of a throwback vibe. Yeah, it was
like an old Minotine or something. Yeah, they just
really landed flat. So they
got to move on. They are tough.
Take the L. Move on.
Alright. We're're gonna get to
um trevor zieger shortly just a couple more uh quick notes here florida uh has lost alexander
bakoff he's gonna be a week to week he took a knee on knee from the island of scott mayfield
very dirty hit yeah yeah you hate to see that type of shit especially in a guy who's you know
among the best in the league uh and the anaheim mighty ducks we gotta give congrats to our boy
getsy ryan gets left got his 1000 point with an assist versus washington the other night among the best in the league. And the Anaheim Mighty Ducks, we've got to give congrats to our boy Getze.
Ryan Getzlaff got his 1,000th point with an assist versus Washington the other night.
The Ducks, they had a couple of what I refer to as measuring stick games,
and I interview with Trevor coming up.
They beat Washington in OT, lost to Carolina,
but they hung in there with them.
The Ducks have been good, man, 10-5-3, third in the Pacific,
8-1-1 in the last 10.
Again, the zgris uh
stick toss silly we'll get to that but uh this came in on right before we started recording
mason mctavish he was sent back to peterborough after nine games yeah i mean yeah you know i
don't know if it's a huge surprise but uh they did send him back so let's go to uh to biz
duct before we go to zgris I guess where do I begin here?
Oh, Getze, he was mic'd up, and when everyone came on the ice,
he's like, fuck, don't come on the ice.
I know, I know.
Everybody saw it because they had just done it when he broke the all-time
scoring record for the Ducks.
So then when he gets his 1,000th, they're doing it again.
He's like, no, get back on the bench.
That was classic. But, but yeah this team's rolling i mean i don't want to give too much away from
the ziegers interview but uh you know just a a good core group who's probably been a little bit
frustrated at the lack of winning over the last couple years especially had they they had a pretty
good stretch there of dominance in that pacific division like they i don't know how many times
they'd won the division but uh with a little bit of rejuvenation because of this youth movement.
So definitely a fun team to watch,
a team that I've been paying a little bit more attention to.
I mentioned I live bet them against Carolina,
bit off a little bit more than I can chew.
But I say as far as Getzlov, we kind of leave it up to Zegers
to maybe touch a few of the funny things that are going on in the locker room,
and maybe we could touch on some more when we come out of the interview.
All right.
I want to do tell you that this interview is brought to you by Tommy John.
This Black Friday, celebrate softness season
by stocking up on your favorite Tommy John underwear, loungewear, and pajamas.
When you start your day wearing Tommy John,
you're that much more comfortable so you can do everything better.
Shop their Black Friday sale right now
and give the gift of comfort to everyone on your list,
including yourself, with Tommy John men's and women's loungewear.
With over 16 million pairs sold,
giving the gift of Tommy John underwear and loungewear
has become a holiday tradition for families all across the country,
and 98 of women and men love getting a gift from Tommy John. That's why Tommy John doesn't
have customers. They have fanatics. I've been wearing Tommy John's for, what, I don't know,
four or five years now. Can't get enough of the comfort. So good, so comfy, and this holiday
make everyone in your family that much more comfortable with the gift of Tommy John,
Tommy John loungewear, underwear, and bras. Plus, it's all backed by Tommy John's best pair you'll ever wear. It's
free, guarantee. And during Tommy John's Black Friday sale, get 20 off site-wide at
tommyjohn.com slash chicklets. Again, get 20 off for a limited time only at TommyJohn.com slash chicklets. So go
right now, TommyJohn.com slash chicklets. See site for details. And now enjoy Trevor's Egress.
Now it's time to bring on our next guest, who I'm told is a big fan of the show.
He was taken ninth overall in the 2019 draft by Anaheim.
Earlier this year,
he led the U.S. to world junior gold
with his MVP performance.
And just a month after that,
he made his NHL debut at the Ducks.
You'll also be able to catch him
on our next sandbagger
dropping very soon.
Thanks a bunch for joining us
on the Spittin' Chicklets podcast.
Trevor Zegers.
What's up, dude?
Yeah, pumped to be on here.
Thanks for having me, guys.
Absolutely.
Thanks for joining us.
You messed it up, though, R.A.
He fell to ninth.
I know he did an interview with The Athletic,
and he said he fell to ninth overall.
Now, Z, do you feel like you were snubbed at the draft?
I don't know.
It's tough to tell.
I mean, there are so many good guys,
and it's definitely tough to pick a kid at that age. I I mean I'm pretty pumped up that I got picked by the Ducks
because I mean we got a pretty pretty good team this year and um it's not too bad being in
Southern California I'm not trying to get you in trouble of course you love playing for the Ducks
but I'm saying when you said it like that did you mean at the time that you felt that you were
better than some players drafted ahead of you? That's not being cocky.
That's just being upfront and honest.
I mean, there are definitely a couple,
a couple of teams ahead of me are ahead of where I got picked that I thought
maybe I could have went.
Yeah. Yeah. I think one of them is Edmonton with before you went.
Edmonton was, was the pick before. Yeah.
I definitely thought I could have went there.
I thought maybe Chicago would have been a possibility at three.
I thought L.A. looked pretty good at five at the time.
I had a meeting with them.
Oh, yeah, shocker.
The day of the draft, I had a meeting with them,
so I thought maybe I could have went there.
But I guess I ended up going nine plus at the worst.
So that's what I was going to ask you.
Sometimes you have these meetings with
team and you just get the sense where there was a good vibe going.
Was LA probably your best meeting?
Yeah, by far. I mean,
I met with them a couple of times before the draft,
I think twice in Vancouver. And I thought it looked pretty good, honestly.
Like I thought I was definitely going there.
And obviously they took one of my, one of my best buddies, Turcotte,
and ended up going to Anaheim and kind of, I guess, their rival,
which has ended up being pretty funny.
But it looked pretty good on draft day that I was going there.
Any tough questions from the general managers?
Were there any that popped out?
Because we had Kirby Doc on one point.
He said that Eisenman was growing about the weed.
Nothing too crazy.
I mean, they definitely  because, I mean, obviously I tried some funny stuff out on the ice and they definitely showed a
couple of clips when I was playing at the program with me doing some,
some questionable stuff with the pocket.
They said that they had guys on their team that, that wouldn't,
that wouldn't stand there. And they said that I did that.
I'd be either scratched or sent down to the minors. So, I mean, other than that, it went pretty well, the interview,
and I thought it went well.
And I had a good chat with Blakey and those guys,
and obviously, whatever, they ended up taking turrets,
and I ended up going to Anaheim, which funny how it all worked out like that.
But, yeah, they were grilling me.
It looks great now.
Yeah.
It looks really good now with what you guys have done this year.
But when you say your good buddy Turk caught, I look,
I think it's seven guys, seven of the top 15 picks
were from your team in Ann Arbor.
Or maybe were you guys already in Plymouth, Michigan?
We were in Plymouth, yeah.
Okay, so the National Development Program,
like what an amazing team that must have been
to have seven of the top 15 picks.
Like when you got there two years prior, did you know right away?
Like, Oh my God, we have a wagon.
No, I mean, not really. I mean, obviously we, we knew we had,
we had Jack and what he was going to do and we had a really good goalie and
Spencer. But I mean,
I just feel like we were just a really good team and group and I know it's
different year to year and we ended up having a lot of first rounders,
which was, which was pretty cool. And I know it's different year to year. And we ended up having a lot of first rounders, which was,
which was pretty cool. And I think our first year,
I think after our first game,
we were pretty nervous going into our first USHL game because we had heard like a lot of stuff from like the 2000 group on how hard it was and anything.
And we were playing Chicago steel in Chicago. And I just remember all the,
all the boys were pretty nervous before the game.
And I think we ended up winning like 10-1 or something crazy like that.
And then ever since then, we won like the first 13 games or something
and set like a record.
So kind of after that, then we all kind of knew maybe we had a special group.
That's when all those crazy things you started trying in games
were popping up at the scouts for showing you in these meetings,
like maybe chucking your stick in the crowd.
Yeah, that's probably
not going to work at the nhl level and whatnot but uh it was pretty funny how it all ended up
now i actually heard about one thing uh or incident during your time at the program where
you ended up getting called in a little bit of trouble because there's another guy in the podcast
here who ended up getting in trouble at the the u.s program what was your story
trouble at the the u.s program what was your story in my 17 year my first year yeah yeah i mean we were it was actually it was i think it was raining and uh my buddy cam york who uh who i kind of hung
around with that first year so my first year um i was uh leaving school and it was raining and uh
yorkie made me go pull around his truck.
And when I pulled around, he just hopped in the passenger seat.
And I ended up just driving to the rink and somebody saw me get out of the car.
I think it was our intern coach or somebody ended up throwing up the flagpole.
And I didn't have a license at the time.
So I ended up driving from school to the rink without a license and um that didn't sit well with the uh with the folks at usa hockey
so uh i ended up missing a couple games i think i got that sussied a couple games for that i think
i missed a couple games for driving to the rink without a license well were you i mean
yorkie i think missed the game for let me drive, which was pretty funny.
He's like, I was shit-faced.
What did you want me to do?
Definitely didn't go over well at all because I think I told him I had a license or something.
I don't really remember what happened, but I got ripped pretty good for that.
Who was your guy's coach there?
Robleski, who was over in Ontario.
Yeah, he'd been there years before, right yeah oh yeah and it's pretty funny he still chirped me about it which is pretty good but
during that seat in that season the ushl i know you're not afraid to chirp guys do you ever trip
guys on the team because you got invited to the program and they didn't is that something you
would chirp them about uh i think everybody kind of said that. I think that was kind of like the main chirp.
I mean, we would get ripped for wearing cages,
but I think you'd kind of just be like,
you wish you were wearing a cage or like stupid stuff like that.
Like the chirps were so bad.
We had a couple of guys that were pretty ruthless,
but I mean, I wasn't crazy into the chirp
and I'd probably just like butt any in the face or something.
I don't know.
But pretty funny.
We mentioned the Ducks hot start.
You guys had an eight-game winning streak.
You just had a couple teams come in the caps.
You beat them in OT.
The Canes, you took them to the limit.
A couple of measuring stick games, I'd say, for you guys.
What's the feel in the room after those two games
and so far how the season's gone?
Yeah, I mean, we feel great We feel great. I think it's
a complete opposite of last year
in terms of
the room and how it feels in there.
Obviously, with our captain
having the year he's having with that top line
and obviously with Troy having this
great run that he's been on,
it's exciting. We've got a great goalie
in John Gibson. I think we've got a lot of players that are very good that don't get a lot of recognition. But I mean,
it's been fun and eight wins in a row. If you would have told me that last year,
I probably wouldn't have believed you, but it's definitely a different feel this year.
You're, you're such a personable guy. So you're out there, you're always talking,
yapping, even as a young guy where that used to maybe not fly but now it really doesn't
matter but we heard this was it Dallas Eakins kind of saying yeah this guy doesn't shut up
I'm paraphrasing I think he said doesn't shut the fuck up and he dropped the next bomb and that's
not really like Eakins but it's kind of funny to hear the coaches kind of chirping you but but it
seems as if though they do love your your personality and how much electricity you bring
to the locker room yeah I mean it's just one of
those things i don't really think about it's kind of just my personality like i love to just chime
in and chirp guys and stir the pot a little bit in the locker room whether it's getsy talking or
dries they'll talk and i just love to kind of get in there and i don't even realize that i'm doing
it until somebody kind of chirps me and tells me to get out of here or whatever um but we got such
a good group and i mean everybody's been so great great to me in the short time I've been here.
So it's been really fun.
Z, I want to go back to the Caps game for a sec.
You had the overtime game.
I want to ask, like, are you
at what point do you know what you're going to do?
Are you thinking ahead of time?
Is that all instinct?
Take us  like, walk us through that goal because that was a sixth night.
Yeah, I mean, I was kind of cheating in the zone there.
I think Ovechkin was forechecking on, I think it was Hampus Lindholm in there.
I kind of just tried to sprint out of the zone thinking that he would get out
and he made a great play.
Once I got it, I tried to just cut to the middle and find some space.
And lucky enough, they switched to the uh i think it was the forward
back checking on to me and i tried to just throw it on the net and luckily it went in so do you
talk to jack about this after he did his you say hey if i score a big goal i'm gonna mimic it did
it just happen spontaneously like take us through everything yeah i mean it was one of those things
when i saw him do it obviously in new jersey i was like that's one of the coolest celebrations
i think i've ever seen in my entire life and um obviously with yetsy getting a thousand
points um in the first and obviously with the a thousandth win for like ducks franchise um i think
after that game i was just like whatever let's make it a cool selly i think i i realized it was
kind of the same move that that jack kind of. No, it wasn't.
Cut into the middle.
You got dimed up afterward, didn't you?
Yeah.
I got to get the pimps up a little bit.
Did you drop a dude on the official and then he dimed you up or what?
Exactly.
I was like, dude, come on.
Come on, fella.
But I don't know.
Dude, give me 10.
Come on.
I was like, come on come on i was like come on i need 10
what was uh i could only imagine like what was getsy saying after the game because i
as much as the the old school instincts want to kick in it seems like it's been a very fun
loving group early in the season it seems like they're taking things a lot less seriously than
they were maybe last year yeah for sure nobody really got on me too bad except i just walked into the locker
room the next day 46 question mark right up on the whiteboard looking for money on the board
so how did you how much you have to throw for that i mean i came i came in there it was like
two grand was written up there was like 10 grand so the guys were kind of just messing with me a
little bit um but i think i ended up putting up like 500 000 bucks something something like just to get the
boys going a little bit i don't know we were on like an eight game win streak so i did like i
think it was like a thousand nine or something just trying whatever might have just jinxed us
honestly at that point um but i mean the guys thought it was pretty funny uh nothing too crazy
i didn't really get ripped by any of the boys.
They're trying to get it out of your money bags
because they probably see the car that you're driving to the rink,
and they're thinking,
this guy's barely gotten his entry-level signing bonus yet,
and you're driving around in a big, fancy Mercedes or what?
You never go full Kirby dog.
Good for you, Z. Good for you.
No, I mean, you should see some of the cars, man,
that some of the guys on the team drive.
It's nuts these days. I think one of our guys just got, you should see some of the cars, man. That's some of the guys on the team drive. It's nuts these days.
I think one of our guys just got like the Lambo Urus
or gets he's got just ordered like two of the new like Audi cars.
I mean, nobody even it's not like a blink of the eye.
What any of us drive, honestly.
But it's it's pretty cool.
Who's the Lambo?
Fowler.
Oh, shit.
That's an American for you. Yeah. What's the Lambo? Fowler. Oh, shit.
That's an American for you.
Yeah.
What's that one?
The SUV?
Yeah.
He was telling me he's doing some stuff to it.
It's not.
He said it's not in yet, but definitely some of the boys got some sick cars out in Anaheim.
What's the one you're driving?
What's the name of it?
The X6M. BMW.
It's like an SUV.
Oh, okay.
I thought G gave me the heads up that you were driving a fancy Mercedes.
Maybe that was your old one that you traded in or something.
Just burning through them.
That was the one that you gave them.
Yeah, exactly.
We kind of glanced over all your World Junior stuff i mean you were mvp of that
tournament you guys had that stack team and ended up living up to the hype and winning the gold
medal and you were the the i guess the mvp i'm not sure if it was the tournament or the final game
you guys won two nothing you had a goal in an apple like that must have just been fucking surreal man
yeah it was crazy i mean that was kind of cool because we
had a bunch of the 2001s on that team um and obviously we didn't win um that u18 championship
when we were all at the program together so that was kind of won that we lost in the semi-finals
to russia and i think sweden ended up winning no way um yeah which was kind of devastating
because we lost in a shootout too
so we had like you were actually playing against the under 22 team yeah we all six all six of us
missed in the shootout which was pretty embarrassing but uh i think sweden ended up
when i think that raymond guy had like a hat trick in the finals i think we were all watching
it's pretty sick um but i don't know it's cool to win the world juniors for sure
were you guys able to celebrate at all i know the bubble stuff was still going on still in the
middle of covid what were you guys able to do or allowed to do yeah they uh they set up like our
meal room for us so when we got back um kind of with like the staff and all the players we got to
go uh we got to go up there kind of hang out for whatever time we had but since we were in the
bubble we weren't allowed to leave the hotel which kind of stunk but um uh stutsy was pumping your
tires about your skill set now was that something that you developed at an early age were you really
focused on that like do you have a specific skills coach that you used he said that you were like
going down the ice stick handling and like bouncing your stick off the ice catching it and like not even skipping a beat no i was kind of i kind of just mess around during
practice and stuff i don't i mean like i would stick handle a lot like in driveway and whatnot
but nothing like too crazy it was just always something fun that i like to do whether it was
in the driveway or kind of in my room at like a young age whether it's like with the floorball
sticks or i don't know i like to play in like lacrosse and all that stuff so maybe that's kind of where some
of that stuff comes from but like nothing over the top like too serious I guess kind of just
like to mess around it's kind of what I liked about the game I guess. Were you a kid like at
eight nine years old your dream was to be in the NHL or were you one of those guys who we interview
and they say yeah I had no plans whatsoever on making it to the show like what was your whole youth youth experience like your skill
level and your desire to you know be the best someday yeah i mean i've always wanted to play
in the nhl like i was always a big hockey fan i loved the rangers growing up like i oh really was
was big on all that stuff like i loved hockey like it was always what i wanted to do from
from wherever i can remember that's why i think it's so funny that like i ended up like playing
with like getzloff and i'll like try and ask him all the time like you like what was your favorite
team growing up and he'll be like the packers no way no way you don't have a favorite hockey
team growing up but um it's just funny that there's like two sides of it because i figured that
you're like somebody who's achieved everything that he's achieved,
like you had to be like a diehard hockey fan.
But I guess he's kind of just like that kind of guy
that was kind of just like whatever.
Like I'm just really good at it, which I thought was pretty funny.
Are you aware that his brother played in the CFL?
CFL, yeah.
He told me he's a wide receiver or something.
He was like the MVP or something in like the finals or whatever.
But I don't know.
Pretty random.
Yeah.
Save your time watching the CFL Z.
You get a point if you punt it through like the end zone at some point.
It's like rugby and football had a baby and did a strip of R.A.'s acid.
That's what the CFL is.
No, I was going to agree with you.
When I got to the NHL, that's when I first learned
like, wow, all these guys weren't just obsessed
with hockey growing up. Some of them were just so good.
And I do believe Getty, I think he
was just like, I'm nasty at this.
Who was your guy? Who was your favorite
player? Sid, obviously?
I mean, I liked Sid, but
I always just felt like I could like relate
more to like a Patrick Kane or somebody that like played a little bit more on the perimeter and like
kind of played like a little like flashier kind of game um but I mean I loved watching Sid obviously
just because he kind of dominated when I was growing up um but I was a big Ranger fan so like
I loved like Zuccarello and I loved like Gabrick and like Rick Nash and all those guys like I was a big Ranger fan. So like, I loved like Zuccarello and I love like Gabrick and like Rick Nash and all
those guys. Like I was big on, big on all those Rangers. So it's funny.
Like now that they're all in like different teams,
like going up and playing against them and like,
or like Hagelin was on like the Capitals and played on him the other day.
Like, I just think it's pretty funny.
Like seeing them all on different teams now.
I'm sure this experience will probably maybe even top it,
but you did have the opportunity to play at MSG Madison square garden when you
played for BU, but coming up here, I think it's March 15th.
You guys play there. And then the 20th of March, it's your 21st birthday.
So that's, I mean, first of all,
you're probably not going to save any money on that paycheck.
I don't know how many people you're going to have show up to the game and
you're going to buy tickets for, but that's got to be circled on your calendar.
No. Yeah. It's pretty cool i mean playing at msg when i was at bu was was crazy just because
it would like almost didn't feel real um but i feel like playing the rangers at msg would be
like a completely different level just because i literally went to i mean hundreds of games growing
up like i had the like the season tickets where i'd go down below and like stand on like the glass,
like as they'd walk by,
like I was,
me and my dad were big Ranger fans,
like my whole family.
And it's funny,
like they all,
my whole family still all cheers
only for the Rangers.
Like they don't even,
they don't even care about the ducks,
which I think,
which I think is great.
But I think that would,
that's definitely gonna be pretty cool.
Just part of that night,
you're going to be spending money
buying tickets that night.
So I'm going to show up
in Rangers jerseys.
You're waiting. Oh yeah. They'll all be in Ranger jerseys.
Oh, yeah.
They'll all be in Ranger jerseys for sure.
How did you end up settling on BU?
Because a wit went there.
I was a big wit.
Exactly.
He did the official visit.
He saw me on that lamppost in the weight room, and he's like,
all right, that's why I'm going there.
That's exactly right.
No, but it was one of those things. mean i grew up obviously in new york so
i mean going to boston all the time for for like minor hockey and playing all those teams um i was
a big bcbu guy i loved the beanpot um and it was actually one of those things where i actually
always wanted to go to bc but when i think I was like 14 or 15 years old,
um, that was like when they all started like throwing offers out or whatever.
And BC offered me three out of four years and BU offered me four out of four years.
And I had visited BU the day before, and I had heard from my agent that they were only
going to offer me a three for four at BC.
So I told him I wasn't even going to go and i ended up just going with bu um but it was one of
those things where i was i was a diehard like i loved bc like i always wanted to go to bc um and
then i almost i don't want to say i wanted to be you at a spite of them offering me a three for four
but it was definitely a little incentive for me to go there after after hearing that damn that's is that and i took that personally what's that is that chintzy is that like is that rare that teams only
offer you three or four especially after you spend two years of the development program you were before
then this is okay so okay so it was like so i mean i it was when i was playing for mature field
um so it was before i went to avon old farms and uh and i mean b it was awesome
like it was it was it was 1a 1b for me and that was kind of the uh the deciding factor was that
was it nice to get that buffer before before turning pro like did you develop your game so
much more by going to play in college for a year? Yeah. I mean, I think obviously I always wanted to go to college.
I think it was obviously it was such an unbelievable year and all my buddies
went there. I think we had like a 12 or 13 like kid freshman class,
which was, which was such a blast. And I mean,
I just don't think I was ready. I don't think I was ready to turn pro then.
I think I needed a year just for my body. And I mean, I think I literally coming out of the program, I think I weighed like 160, 170 pounds.
Like there was just no way I could have, I could have turned pro after, um, after the NTDP or
whatever, but it was, it was a lot of fun. Yeah. So when, when you were growing up, like,
were you always that top player? Were you like the best player at your age group or was it something where all of a sudden at 14 15 you really took off i think as i got older
in like minor hockey playing for in fairfield is what i realized like i might be able to like
kind of do something with hockey here and um i think i realized maybe when i committed to school
i think it was my freshman year of high school that like, maybe I should, I don't know about take it serious. Cause I always kind of took
hockey serious, but like maybe that I could kind of do something with this. And, um, after my
sophomore year of high school, I went to, I went to Avon old farms right before the program. Um,
I had a pretty good year and, um, that's kind of when I thought like, maybe I could do something
with this. And then obviously going to the program kind of is where I my first year I kind of struggled
and I was obviously I have Hughes Caulfield and all these guys I think Cole had like 50 goals his
first year um and that's kind of that summer is kind of really where I flipped the switch I guess
a little bit and um came back that second year and was a lot better um obviously ended up getting drafted
where i did but uh i think kind of around that sophomore year high school is when i realized
maybe i could do something with hockey i guess when you decide to sign pro z like at what point
was was covet in effect yeah well like take us through that timeline because there was no hockey
to play what was going on with all that like yes were about to go into Hockey East playoffs at school.
And we were about to get on the bus to go to UMass Lowell.
And that's when we got the word that Hockey East was shutting down.
No playoffs.
Pretty much the season was canceled.
So I ended up going home, think that next week and that's kind of when i signed um to turn
pro i guess in anaheim and then ended up going to anaheim like later that next month and kind of
just spending some time out there but it's kind of a tough ending to uh so i guess my college run
was cut off by covid which kind of stuck it was was brutal because the last game you guys played was the first
game I brought my son to. So I brought
Ryder to the game. It was at BU
against Northeastern. He loved it. Watched
the whole game. I met your dad at the
game. We were shooting the shit. I was like,
this kid, because I hadn't seen you play yet.
And boom, I was like, I'm going to take Ryder to all these
games. Boom, then it hit. So yeah, that was
right exactly when it came. It was because it was March,
right? Yeah, mid-March.
Yeah, it was mid-March.
And all the boys were pumped that Witt was in town.
A lot of rumors flying around before the game.
Scouting threats.
Scouting for the Chicklets crew.
I had to get interviews here.
It was that ninth overall pick, the kid who fell to ninth.
We were dying.
All the boys were juice.
It was pretty funny.
So you spent some time in the American League.
What would you say is from an organizational standpoint,
I guess more Dallas Eakins now,
do they harp on the most about you developing your game?
Like is it the defensive side?
Is it more trying to generate more offense at the NHL level?
Like what's their main concern with where you're developing?
I think it's just the defensive side. I mean,
I started off the year last year on the wing in Anaheim and then they ended up wanting to move
me to play center. So I think it was like the middle of the year. I ended up going down and
play like, I think a handful of games at center. And then I ended up finishing the year in Anaheim
as a centerman. So I think that was kind of the big emphasis was just, I guess,
get reps at center or kind of just work on my game at that level playing center,
I guess was the big emphasis point.
And work on your surfing off the ice.
Are you surfing?
It's tough. I don't really know how to surf.
I can go on the boogie board. That's about it.
I don't know if I can get up on the, on the big board.
I would say probably the most interesting thing I read about you. And I,
I think,
I think it was the athletic article was saying that you were going to these
escape rooms. Now, wait, I don't even know if you know what these things are.
I think it's more of like a younger crowd, maybe wide shot sex parties.
I mean, I don't know if we're,
I don't know if it's those kinds of escape rooms you're going through
Zegers. I just said, I just read, what's going on here with these things?
Yeah. So we, when we first got back,
we had probably like six or seven like young guys,
probably from 18 to 20 that were kind of just hanging around.
Like the hotel didn't really know
like obviously we were like sick i don't know if i'm sick of going to the beach is the right thing
to say but uh we're kind of just looking for something to do and there's this thing in irvine
it's like uh it's called like an escape house or something and you just kind of go into these rooms
and uh they like lock you in there you kind of just got to like figure your way through the room
and try and get out under like a certain amount of time. And it was actually pretty fun,
pretty interesting. And, um, we'd kind of go in there with like eight guys,
kind of just try and make like a little joke out of it. Um, but it was, it was a blast for sure.
Do you get to pick how hard it is to get out of the rooms? Like, are there little puzzles that
you have to solve in order to get clues to, to find your way around? Like I'm a little,
I'm a little bit confused. because it seems like a vague concept concept yeah like there's like different challenges you have to do
or whatever and like do you like you like tap on the painting and like a like a curtain will unlock
and you can like go through the curtain or whatever like the elevator will open just a little bit glory bbc glory behind curtain
something like that but uh no it was pretty you like you like flash the light at the wall and
like something will come down from the ceiling like that kind of stuff but it was pretty funny
i i heard you're living with uh sonny milano yeah i stayed with him for a couple weeks while i was looking
for a place and his he's got like a little two bedroom apartment kind of like right on the sand
so i spent a couple weeks down there with him which is pretty fun he loves the rap tunes does
he not does he he used to he's big into like like he listens to the craziest music these days man
like i i don't know if he used to be a rap guy, but I mean,
I don't even think any of the songs he listens to have lyrics.
Like it's just like beats and sounds and he like lives on the beach.
Like it's, it's crazy what he's doing down there,
but definitely no rap for some.
I wonder if he wanted out of Columbus.
This is exactly a Columbus vibe I'm feeling.
I bumped into him into a bar in columbus and he's definitely got some
swagger to him so he must be a pretty fun guy to hang out with off the ice but just in his own
little planet though now his own planet man i'm telling you like the only way you go hang out with
sunny is if you go down to his house he's on the sand getting a tan like completely doing his own
thing which is pretty good where are you living at are you in newport balboa i'm like costa mesa so it's
probably like okay four or five minute drive from newport kind of just like a little bit above the
traffic which is nice but uh it's a good spot you seem pretty reserved on here and we're hearing
stories about uh your interaction with ryan o'reilly on a face-off in an nhl hockey game
that seems a little bit uh a little cocky for, for a guy who's still rookie eligible.
I mean, it was actually funny. It started off.
I think it was because I was playing center at the end of the year last year
and I was doing terrible on draws, like losing like seven out of 10,
eight out of 10. And I think Cam Fowler started chirping me.
And he started telling me like, if you start winning draws,
like I'll start paying you or like something like that so then i took it to whatever like the next level
and i just because o'reilly was like i think we looked at the board he was like 60 or 70 percent
on draws like the whole year so a couple of guys were chirping they're like you don't have a chance
like whatever so i ended up betting them 100 bucks on that face off and you said that to him right
before the breath drop but right before the opening draw i was like dude i'll bet you a hundred bucks like opening draw and he didn't
say anything to me and he just like snarled or whatever and i ended up like tapping it back kind
of and uh whatever after the game like didn't think anything of it i was at dinner and i got
a venmo notification from ryan and i was like who's ryan no with ryan o'reilly hundred dollars
that's bad i showed shatty and all the guys i mean this is crazy boys like no way but it's
funny i actually did the same thing so we were playing in uh like it's funny how the different
guys take it like he was awesome with it like whatever like kind of made a joke and i was
actually in edmonton this year um playing obviously the oilers and uh we we started
and i we i never start anymore it's usually gets his line who usually gets to start and uh they
circle uh mcdavid's line who is starting also so a couple of the boys were like because they all
knew the o'reilly thing so they asked me they were like dude you got to do it with mcdavid
and i was like sure like absolutely like i'd love to do it with david and uh i get out there and dry sidles taking it and i lean into him and i was like dude 100 bucks
like first draw then he looks at me he goes can you even fucking afford 100 bucks you rookie
i was like come on i was like i can't that's why i need to win this draw
i mean the guy snapped it back before oh yeah he yeah. He's got a fucking ball in his paddle.
He's got on his stick.
He's got one of those bubble hockey sticks.
Dude, before I even knew where the puck was,
McDavid had an RN.
It was insane, dude.
He sent me a request.
Yeah, he sent me a request.
The Venmo, you actually get the request from Drysaddle.
Pay me, bitch.
Yeah. He just deletes Venmo. It's funny how just different guys, I guess, take it. he sent me a request the the benmo you actually get the request from dry saddle pay me bitch yeah
it's funny how just different guys i guess take it but i i was loving it i love that he kind of
gave it to me there i'd probably do the same thing was there any other exchange between you and
o'reilly with the next time you guys played or anything yeah we played it back to back and i
mean i i offered it right back to him i was like dude like double or nothing like next game any
i don't even think i beat one one draw from the whole night.
I ended up shooting it, shooting him a Venmo back, a hundred bucks.
And after the game.
He's getting direct deposit from the Ducks from now on.
He signed me, he signed me a stick, whatever.
So I still have it, but it was.
Oh, no way.
Yeah, it's pretty cool.
He sent over a stick from uh from uh their trainer or whatever
so you're like i got a broken one it's like no no that's how he uses it the end of his curve is
the most end of his curve that's crazy i was like no wonder he's 70 on draws hey you're like i'll
send you one of mine over he's like no i'm good dude don't worry the french tickler he's got that
little accent aigu on the end there yeah forzy well what about this year because we've been talking all
about the league happenings and pk slew bands got the name so you were a victim dude right i think
he got fined because of the one against you what was the whole scenario when that went down
yeah i was in i think i was in first period in my first shift uh i was in the corner and i just
went to go rim it and the next thing i know'm like, freaking much falling on my head. And I was looking around. Nobody really saw it. Nobody
called anything. And then when I went back to the badge, I was like, boys, like anybody see that?
Like whatever, like nothing. And then the next day I came into the training room and a couple
of the guys were like, what did Subban do to you? And I was like, I have no idea. Like,
I didn't even know it was him that did it. I looked on my phone. He got like a fine, I think, or something. I don't even think he got suspended, but it was like, I have no idea. Like, I didn't even know it was him that did it on my phone. He got like a fine, I think, or something.
I don't even think he got suspended, but it was like, he was,
I think it was a kind of a heavy fine.
15 grand. Yeah.
Yeah. Something, something crazy. But, uh, I was like, I was like, Jesus,
when it happened, I was freaking out. I was on the bench.
I was yelling at the rest.
I don't just fall on my head.
They fucking killed, but, uh, i don't just fall on my head they're fucking killed but uh i don't know
i guess he's done it a couple times so whatever oh you're not gonna say anything controversial
about it oh cool no nothing they're great we can just delete the whole thing delete the whole
question granelli hey no but hey guys gotta be saying something locker room afterward given it
uh pre-season the one with Revo happened.
I didn't think that there was anything there.
I've actually seen another angle since.
And it looked a little bit worse.
And then, of course, yours, Lucic, was probably the worst one.
And then the Blay one was nothing.
But people are seeing a lot more of that.
So there must be some dialogue in the room based on the reputation there.
Yeah, I mean, that's definitely not what you want. Right. I mean,
obviously you guys know you played,
that's kind of a greasy play when you kind of slew foot somebody,
but I think when it just happens, I mean, I,
I hope that he doesn't mean to do it or like it's not intentional.
It's just something that kind of happens, but I mean,
obviously it's not a great play and it doesn't really look that great when it happens.
So hopefully that kind of stops.
But I mean, I don't know.
Who are some of the guys in the league you found to play against
that are, I don't want to say dirty, but just very hard to play against
where just you know that every night's just going to be a battle?
Has there been any quick rivalries that you've developed?
I mean, I don't know about rivalries but minnesota is tough to play against they're just like a nasty team and
i mean they got a good mix of like that felino line or kind of like those guys that are kind of
stick you behind the play and then they got obviously uh caprizov and zuccarello they got
a mix of kind of that good skill too.
So, I mean, we got to play them a bunch, obviously,
last year with the divisions being the way they were.
We've played them, I think, twice this year.
So that team kind of stuck out to me as a team that's tough to play against for sure.
Interesting.
We've mentioned Getze's name a couple times.
There's a really good piece about him in the athletic from Eric Stevens
when he was breaking the record.
You're sort of, I guess, his heir apparent as a center.
How much are you learning about the position and being a pro from Getzey
right now?
What's he teaching you?
Yeah, it's crazy.
I mean, he's just still unbelievable.
I mean, it looks like he could kind of play for another three,
four years the way he's going right now.
And it's funny, like he's hitting all these milestones and all
these records and you'd think he'd be like way more happy, but it just, he just doesn't,
just not his thing to be like pumped up about like individual records, which I think is so cool.
I mean, obviously he's got the cups and the Olympics and all that stuff, but, um, he's just
such like a humble dude for how much he's accomplished. And I think it's, I just think
that's pretty cool. Um, and obviously he's where's the sea and he's just such a giant part of our team like i don't know i think
it would just be such a like a weird piece like out of the room if like if he wasn't there and i
know a lot of people are talking about like how much time he's got left but i mean it looks like
he could play for another four or five years honestly because he had to pull you aside for
anything yet be like come on kid knock the shit off a couple times on on the uh we were playing new jersey and i mean i think the
puck was bouncing all over the place for me and uh it was just one that i didn't get deep i like
tried to like put it under the guy's stick or something and i get back to the bench and i see
him stand up as i'm skating back and i just go and sit down and he comes over and sits next to me and just
stares at me. And I'm like, I know. And he's like, good, don't do it.
And walks back to the spot.
But I was dying. I was like, that's, that was like all I needed.
I chipped every puck in the rest of the game.
I was like, coach doesn't even need to say anything. I was like,
that was it.
That's unbelievable.
That was pretty good. Yeah.
Does he still just sit there and then get dressed for the game
and go out and play?
Like, what's his  I mean, maybe I'm misremembering,
but I don't feel like he was a huge warm-up guy before the game.
No, he's definitely not.
I mean, I don't know if I'm allowed to give him too much information,
but he spends quite some time on the table, getting a little massage.
Then he just hops over, throws his, he legit wears the craziest gear.
Like I said, I don't even know any of the brands, any of the gear he wears.
I told him, I told him, I told him I'm keeping his shoulder pads when he,
when he's done. I don't even,
I don't even know the brand of the shoulder pads he wears.
But his gear is, his gear is awesome.
But no, his routine before the game is definitely, definitely. That's how you got to keep up with the young guys man you got to start
shedding some weight as you get older you know he's gonna be out there no pants on nobody can
reach his shoulders i mean he doesn't even need to wear anything that's true um i was gonna ask
you about his i think it was a his 1,000-point ceremony.
I think Timu Solani was there.
Was Paul Correa not in the building as well?
Yeah, Paul was there.
Did you get a chance to meet some of these older guys,
the guys who had been there before you?
Yeah, I met Timu.
Timu's been around a little bit. He came and talked to us before practice, which was pretty funny.
But it's pretty good is pretty good like a
bunch of like all these older duck guys always come back scotty edemeyer has been in the building
um and obviously i didn't i don't think i got a chance to talk to paul after the game but i saw
team and he was laughing obviously he thought the stick thing was pretty funny uh but he was i think
he was in a talking to somebody so i just briefly kind of said hello to him um but it's definitely
cool when those guys obviously come back
because their face is kind of all over the walls in our locker room
and in our building.
Zeke, figure out where Paul Crea lives and the beach that he goes to
if you want to learn how to surf because he's probably one of the best
ex-NHLers as far as how he can surf because they did that documentary on him
about all the concussion stuff.
So a very interesting guy.
What's the surfing term he can hang 10 i have no idea is that is that corny am i being a
cornball right now i think it is correct it is i didn't know they still said it though
i think for hockey it's like saying, we'll snipe Sally, bro.
That's what Zeke, he fucking calls the ref dude.
He got dimed up for it.
He calls his coach and GM dude.
He said dude so much around the Ducks locker room,
Murray finally fucking snapped the wires.
Oh, yeah, tell Murph, I said, what's up?
Oh, wait.
What did you think of Tim Hussain?
He reminded him a little of Paul Correa. Yeah, I think what's up. Oh, wait. Sorry. What did you think of Tim Hussain? He reminded him a little of Paul Correa.
Yeah, I think I saw that.
I think he  did he say that?
No, he did.
He said you reminded him a little of Paul Correa.
Yeah.
Not surfing, but
Small horn.
Definitely not.
Definitely not.
Definitely not surfing.
But, yeah, I mean, Paul is  he's the guy kind of in anaheim um i mean
obviously what he did here was was pretty incredible and i mean for him to say that
is obviously pretty cool to hear but i i definitely don't think i'm any paul korea
hey so this run that troy terry's on is he a superstitious guy like is he doing the same
thing before every game right now are you guys busting his balls or just leaving him alone just keep going yeah completely leave him alone
like he's one of those guys but if he's got confidence man he is he's a legit superstar
i mean just just even think about being on a 16 game point streak or 17 game whatever he's on
it's insane and we were laughing because it's it's just like you always always see these things on
on social media whatever it's like his head and it's mcdavid's head and we always send it to him
just kind of mess with him a little bit um but i mean it's it's what he's doing right now is it's
insane and um every night he's he's he is truly our best player and um i don't know if we if we'd
be here without him for sure but guess what this guy likes for fast food?
In-N-Out Burger, the most overrated chain
probably in
all of North America. I've never
understood the hate for it.
I really enjoy it when I go out west
and I can have it. I don't get why
people say it's so overrated.
It's good. R.A., you want
to chime in here? Yeah, I had it.
We were in, I think, San Jose.
Way wicked.
I guess overpraised with maybe the word because all I heard in and out
there the best and I had it and I was like, it's a fast food burger.
And everyone's like, oh, you didn't order it, right?
I'm like, well, it's a fucking burger.
It's either good or not.
So I didn't know what an animal style and all that wild.
How do you get yours?
The animal fries.
The animal fries.
You didn't get the animal fries.
What does that even mean?
I don't know.
It's got gross cheese all over it with this fake meat.
That's probably cat or dog. And these kids love it.
You like it, eh, Ziggs?
It's pretty good. There's definitely a couple other places I definitely get over in and out.
Five guys?
Me and Gibson, we love a good cheat meal at McDonald's.
Me and Gibby love to order McDonald's.
Gibby's a big McDonald's guy.
Probably one of the biggest McDonald's guys I've ever met.
Like having it for a free game?
No, never a free game.
It's always once in a while for, like, I guess a cheat meal.
But he loves a good McDonald's meal, and I love chirping about it
and talking about it, but pretty funny.
What's he like as a guy off the ice?
Is he weirdo goalie style?
Is he actually one of those normal goalies?
Dude, total most normal goalie I've ever met in my entire life.
Like I wouldn't even know he was a goalie if you didn't tell me.
I'm clicking through his  he's kind of a stallion.
I'm going through those guys' pictures.
Jesus.
I don't know if I want to pump him up too much here.
Because he'll definitely see it. But But no, he's the man. I mean, obviously what he's doing this year, it's, it's incredible. I mean, he,
I feel like he makes a top 10 save every night for us,
whether it's making a sauce all the way down the ice or stopping a three on
all he's he's pretty good.
Team USA.
Team USA starter maybe.
Does it make it a little easier at the fact that you get to play with the Ducks
with a bit of a wave of all these young guys
to where you feel a little bit more comfortable
around the locker room?
Yeah, we got a bunch of young guys.
I know we got a lot of young guys
in that San Diego team that are coming up too
um so it's pretty it's pretty it's pretty exciting and i was living with mccavish for a couple weeks
um so i've been hanging out with him a bunch and obviously he drives down we got a couple
other young guys so it's a it's a good group for sure follow save the big goalie goal the other
night i know he's lost the game but the people give him a little pat for that at the afterwards
no one wants to give up a goal to a goalie. On Carolina, Carolina, Freddie, Freddie
Anderson. That was on target, man. Yeah, that was definitely looking good. Cam made a nice play.
That would have been, that would have been nice. I think it was my fault that the goalie ended up
getting it. I think I ended up falling down or something and poking it to him. So it kind of
saved me there a little bit too. Tough minus to take when the goalie's getting the goal.
It's the worst, especially with the goalie pulls the worst.
Well, we know you're a big golfer.
You ended up going to a big Canyon with Getzee.
And then one of the reasons we wanted to get you on,
we can't talk about it right now was the sandbagger with you and Cole
Caulfield. So that's coming out soon.
Anything you wanted to say before anyone watches it,
any prior words because we were
talking to jack hughes and he says that you're you gotta have a fake handicap because you give
yourself six foot gimmies dude this guy doesn't even have a handicap he can't be throwing that
around there like he doesn't even know what a handicap is i think he's maybe better you stole
a celebration maybe that's why he's giving us some dirt that's definitely what it is because
he doesn't know a thing i think he shot 200 at wing foot this summer.
Oh my God.
He played wing foot.
He played wing foot this summer.
I think he shot 200.
Hey,
Jack also told us to ask about the late night roller sessions and how your
shin is.
Yeah.
So obviously they got the,
they got a new house,
him and Quinny this summer in Michigan,
like right on the lake.
Just outrageous. They bought it together. Yeah. It's outrageous. Like, They got the new house, him and Quinny, this summer in Michigan, like right on the lake.
Just outrageous. They bought it together?
Yeah, it's outrageous.
Like for no reason.
Just bought a giant house in Michigan.
What town in Michigan?
Pussy Palace Lane.
It's right on some lake.
Oh, no shit.
Some lake.
It's not Lake Michigan.
Whatever it is.
There's a couple other guys that live on the lake
and uh whatever they have this giant like shooting pad tiles in their garage and for whatever reason
i was kind of i don't know if i stand in front of the net or stand in front of jack and he's like
ripping like ripping pucks on the net and he shoots one right off my shin like right where
my kneecap is and And I went down hard.
And I was like, this is a season-ending injury.
Like it was bad.
Fully knee bruised.
And I was like, it's the middle of summer.
And we were going back out on the boat or something.
I had to like stay inside or whatever.
I think I went out there.
But full wrister, like right off my shin in the middle of summer.
I was all over him after that.
But it's pretty terrible.
Guess you had to be there.
Yeah.
I'm just ball busting your zigs.
Anything else you thought we were going to ask you?
Anything you want to talk about or ask us?
If you still have the jersey.
I got to know if you still got the jersey somewhere.
I do have Cole's.
Biz has yours, right? You have Cole's?
Actually, I was going to ask you one serious thing about, about Cole.
I mean, he's there. You guys are really close friends.
You play at the program together.
You you'd already experienced going to the minors and kind of did it the
other way. You know,
he had a great start to his NHL career with Montreal during their cup run.
And then this year,
some early struggles led to him getting sent down to I believe Laval.
Did you guys exchange checks?
Did you have any words of encouragement for him?
How did he take it?
Like, you know, what was that like seeing a friend go through that type of situation?
Yeah, it's tough.
I mean, obviously, you know, the media in Montreal, it's I mean, there's definitely a lot of pressure on him to kind of be the guy there.
But I mean, if you look like even if you look, I told him last year, like when I first,
I think it was my first like 12 games,
I think I had like one point or something.
And then obviously like him getting sent down was tough just because with,
with all the expectations this year.
And I think he's done a pretty good job about kind of keeping his head up.
And obviously he just got called up again and hopefully he gets it going soon
but I mean you guys know he's
so dynamite when one
goes in they all start going in
and obviously he's pumped up to
be back up with the big club and
hopefully things start going in for him
I actually have one more you played 24 games
last season which kept you eligible for the
Calder this year was that intentional in any way or just coincidental that it played out that way?
I think it was 100 intentional.
Okay.
I don't know exactly what the reasons were for,
but me and Jamie ended up both playing the same amount of games last year,
which I thought was a little odd because I think I ended up, I was got called up.
I think maybe a month before him.
So I think there was something with the contracts and the shortened season
that we were both able to play 24 games and still have some,
some stuff in our contracts for the future,
but I'm not sure exactly what they were.
You signed a three-year deal, right?
Yeah.
So this July, they can start talking to you about, about a extension.
So keep lighting it up, dude, get a big old payday,
all these youngsters come July and then you can take us.
Yeah, exactly. Rematch for sure, buddy.
Well, hey, it's been awesome.
Guys, a thousand bucks a draw.
Rookie bitch.
Getting bed more requests from every center in the league.
That's probably why dry side.
I was offended, dude.
He probably only does 10K draws.
Yeah, I don't know what I was thinking. Bringing a hundred dollar bet to that guy.
But yeah, I don't know.
Wipes his hoop with after he fucking drops one of the toilets.
That is change.
Oh, it's funny.
Well, Trev, thanks for coming on, dude.
We appreciate it.
Yeah, thanks for having me.
I appreciate it.
Keep going this year, and we'll talk to you soon.
Big thanks to Trev for joining us.
What a happy-go-lucky kid.
He reminds me of Spicoli a little bit.
I don't know if it's a Southern Cal vibe
or what in the surfing, but definitely
a fun kid. We'll definitely have him back later.
We do want to let you know that interview
was also brought to you by Earnest.
You're looking for some dough for a winter
trip down south, maybe a new recliner?
Then check out Earnest. Earnest
was voted the best student loan refinance
in overall by NerdWallet.
Earnest has some of the lowest rates, flexible payments, and an in-house team ready to help.
With Earnest, you could change your interest rate, get a low monthly payment, and you never pay fees, not even late fees.
By refinancing, you can reduce your loan term, save money, or combine multiple loans into a simple monthly payment.
And if you have questions, you can even talk to a real live human at Earnest for help. When you pay less interest, you can put that money
towards your goals. With Earnest, it only takes two minutes to see what your new rate could be,
and there's no credit impact. And right now, Earnest is offering our listeners a 100 cash
bonus. Refinance your student debt at earnest.com slash checklists, not available in all states.
Once again, you get a 100 cash bonus when you visit earnest.com
slash checklists to refinance your student loan.
Visit earnest.com slash checklists for more details, not available in all states.
Terms and conditions apply.
Terms and conditions apply.
Earnest Student Loan Refinancing made by Earnest Operations, LLC and MLS number 1204917.
California Finance and Law License number 6054788.
535 Mission Street, San Francisco, California 94105.
Visit earnest.com slash licenses for a full list of licenses.
A couple more notes here before we wrap things up here on spit and chiclets.
The Colorado Avalanche extended head coach, Jared Bednar, by two years.
They like what they're doing with this guy.
I know a couple years ago people were kind of calling for him a little bit,
but I think he's the guy to get them to the promised land.
He's been doing a good job so far. So hopefully as he gets it done,
congrats to him.
He's a good man.
Let's see.
We got an NBA push in the program tonight.
You ready for this or what?
Tough league.
Tough league.
Honestly, LeBron James,
we don't have to say who he is,
the king, all that.
But dude,
that was one of the filthiest fucking things
I've ever seen from a star player. They're just battling on the king, all that. But, dude, that was one of the filthiest fucking things I've seen from a stop player.
They're just battling on the court.
Dude, he punched the guy in the fucking eye, dude.
Like, you could make a guy lose his sight when you hit a guy.
Like, his fucking eye was gouging.
Hey, you know what?
What was his name?
Zeke.
Isaiah Stewart.
Was that his name?
That was.
Dude, kudos to him for having the balls.
Like, you know, everyone's a fake tough guy.
Hold me back. Hold me back. That motherfucker was like a bull looking for the red flag out there
the red the red cape they were having a hard time containing him like i don't blame him man i don't
care like who does that to you that was dirty as fuck man you could potentially blind the guy
hitting him someone in the eye probably t-bagged them like a couple minutes before when they were
doing a jump what are you like a LeBron superfan or something?
Seriously.
Like, what the fuck is going on over there?
Are you trolling or are you a LeBron superfan?
No, I'm saying that. You fucking elbowed him in the eye.
LeBron's a scumbag.
I hate LeBron.
It was like more of a punch than an elbow.
I was like, I didn't do anything.
He got suspended for it.
I didn't do anything.
I didn't do anything.
I'm LeBron James.
Hey, so he didn't catch him with
the elbow i thought he got him with like kind of just like extended his forearm yeah i think he
got a kind of the back of his hand in the fucking he gave him a backhand he said get the fuck out
of my way bitch you're a fucking bench player and i think that that type of stuff like elbows and
arms are flying all the time in the nba i just think that it really gets magnified when it's
lebron now him denying him saying i didn't do anything well they in in the NBA. I just think that it really gets magnified when it's LeBron. Now, him denying, him saying, I didn't do anything,
well, they, in the NBA, they go right to the video.
So there's no denying it.
They get to look over and over, much like, I think, the NFL, right?
It gets nasty under the hoop.
In basketball, it can be a physical sport.
It always gets nasty under the hoop.
That was a deliberate, like, fucking quick fucking punch to the face, man.
Yeah, he kind of, like, he gave it the look away
and just kind of extended his arm quickly, like, from about here to there.
And that was enough to get him gouged up.
Like, yeah, did he deserve to get tossed?
I don't think it's, like, the worst thing I've ever seen on a basketball cart.
Not even close.
Well, I mean, the league has really cleaned things up
as far as physicality the last 20 years.
Wait, you just, like, what don't you like about, you just kind of just, like, don't like his presence?
I think he's the most egotistical asshole, one of the biggest egotistical pricks in pro sports.
He loves himself, and he cares only about himself, and there's a million good things he's done off the court.
He's, like, changed people's lives.
He's done some great stuff.
But in terms of as a guy without knowing him from what I see
and the things he says, I think he's a complete loser.
Yeah, I used to be, I guess, a little harder on him.
And then you give it some thought as to how much
and how many cameras have been around for so long.
So all we ever see is things magnified to the either like the the the very good or the
very bad and i don't know i i think it's i think giving given all things considered he's lived a
pretty squeaky clean life for how uh for for how how how how things could have gone no doubt about
that off the court he he has been i guess you could say a role model compared to a lot of other
pro athletes yeah like does he say things that i'm like ah but it's like fuck imagine like
imagine there was that many cameras in my face yeah all the time this is a game dude you'd hate
my guts too wet what you already do you hate it you gotta spend two hours on a podcast with me
yeah that was dirty dirty as fuck. Speaking of superstar global athletes,
what, your boy Tiger Woods back on the course.
Yes.
Yeah, he pretty much broke the internet
with a little clip of him hitting what looked to be
maybe an eight iron, maybe a seven iron.
I don't know. His swing looked great.
Looked like he had a fake leg with this leg.
It wasn't a brace.
It was definitely just one of those...
Sleeve.
Sleeves that he had on, but the swing looked great.
For me, that makes me think he's thinking about the Masters.
That's not until April.
It's only November.
So all of a sudden, if we can get Tiger back.
I mean, the fact that he came back and won the Masters,
the greatest comeback in sports history from all the issues
and all the terrible things that he did and had happened to him,
if he were to come back from this car accident
and win again it would just not shock me because he's tiger woods um so that was great to see also
i loved seeing the fire from rory mcelroy who had a i think a two-shot lead going in the final round
in dubai in the race for dubai the european tours kind of fedex cup championship i think he shot 74
in the final round and there was no video of it,
but there was an image taken where he basically Hulk Hogan
or fucking the Incredible Hulk ripped his shirt in half in anger
after blowing this tournament.
Colin Morikawa, one of the biggest legends in golf,
ended up winning it, the first American to ever win the race to Dubai.
So McElroy, and even winning, one of my buddies texted,
how could you be that mad?
You made 300 million.
I looked at it the other way.
Good for him.
He's got that much money.
He's that much of a competitor.
He's got that spirit, that fire in him.
He got pissed off that he blew this tournament after recently winning in Vegas.
So Rory showed some pissed off anger and ripping his shirt off his own body after blowing a
turner.
But Tiger was the big news.
One of the funniest tweets was uh
the pj tour announced that pip program like player incentivized program where i think like
five guys are getting 10 million or something and and somebody said tiger just won the pip
by himself with one 10 second video of him hitting the seven iron so i knew i knew where you were
going as soon as you said it my brain took took it there. That a boy. Your brain's humming right now.
So he went Hulkster on his own shirt.
He doesn't normally show that type of emotion.
He's a pretty calm guy, isn't he?
Yeah, for the most part.
I mean, he's shown anger before, but he chucked a club one time about 100 yards.
Maybe Ernie got him in the back or something.
Ernie head-botted him and ripped his shirt in half.
It wasn't even Rory
who did it to himself.
If you guys are all done, before we wrap up,
we do want to let you know once again,
Black Friday is coming this Friday.
Cyber Monday. We got a bunch of
new stuff, some of the old stuff. G's got the
NBD line. I got actually
mine right here. My sweatshirt right
here. Actually, I don't know where it went. I like the little
skunk, the skunk stripe.
Is that what you call it? A skunk stripe jeeg on the hood there?
It is in the new NBD athletic sweatshirts.
Bacon strip.
Yeah, tons of new shit.
Tons of new shit.
I like the one I'm wearing.
This unreal stuff is unreal.
UNRL.
It's phenomenal.
Very comfortable.
I guess it's golf gear, but you can wear it anywhere.
Sick little hoodie action.
There's so much stuff.
Check it out.
Friday starting at midnight.
So I guess technically Saturday.
But we have some fire merch that Grinnelli's worked on.
One of the things I got sent I love was the cigar case holder,
the Pink Whitney cigar case holder.
You like that?
That thing is phenomenal.
Let's go.
Yeah, that thing's great.
I didn't know we had that coming.
Just to clarify,
Friday midnight means
Friday, not Saturday.
Just FYI.
Technically, it is Saturday, though.
No, he's saying that it's Thursday
when the clock hits 12.
Oh, I thought it was Friday
and started Friday night at midnight. I apologize. You were right. Mixing the water hits 12. Oh, I thought it was Friday and started Friday night at midnight.
I apologize.
Okay, you were right.
Yeah, mixing the water, Biz.
You were right.
You were right.
A lot of cool accessories, though, like you said.
We have skateboard decks, cigar holders, dog leashes.
We got the Christmas tree ornaments, this pink Whitney hockey stick.
I decided to hang it up on my Olympic jersey.
Not a big deal.
Silver medal.
When you can get me to wear a sweater, you know it's a nice sweater.
I've never been a sweater guy, so.
R.A. doesn't wear sweaters that are crew necks.
He wears hoodies.
I don't wear any sweaters.
Sweaters and sweatshirts are different things, and a hoodie is a sweatshirt.
Like, sweaters, it's the material.
It's like this type of thing.
I know some of the ugly sweaters have more of a sweatshirt. Like, sweaters, it's the material. It's like this type of thing. I know some of the ugly sweaters have more of a sweatshirt material,
but when I think sweater, I think of, like, going to East Sunday.
Like Granny Knits.
Yeah, there you go, G.
There you go, G.
Knit.
So either way, we got a bunch of, like, old stuff,
mostly new shit dropping.
Grab it for your family, friends, anything.
Black Friday, great sale coming.
Boys, hell of an episode.
Two great interviews. Any final thoughts before we close up shop? See you, anything. Black Friday. Great sale coming. Boys, hell of an episode. Two great interviews.
Any final thoughts before we close up shop?
See you, dude.
Works for me.
Yeah, I got nothing.
Great job, guys.
Great catching up.
And check out Friday.
Friday.
Friday.
Gotta get done on Friday.
All right, peace.
As always, we'd like to thank our awesome sponsors here on Spittin' Chicklets.
Huge thanks to our longtime friends over at Pink Whitney and New Amsterdam Vodka.
Big thanks to our friends at No Days Wasted.
Check them out if you can have a few cocktails. Huge thanks to our friends at No Days Wasted. Check them out if you can have a few cocktails.
Huge thanks to our friends at OCB Rolling Papers. You guys are the best.
Big thanks to everybody over at Sling TV.
Check them out for your TV
options. Big thanks to everybody
over at Simply Safe for keeping us safe
in our homesteads. Huge thanks to
folks at Tommy John for keeping us comfortable
in our homes. And a big thanks
to everybody at Earnest. Check them out if you're
looking to refi that student loan.
Have an awesome week, everyone.
