Hey, Spittin' Chicklets listeners, you can find every episode on Apple Podcasts,
Spotify, or YouTube. Prime members can listen ad-free on Amazon Music.
Hello, everybody.
Welcome to episode 362 of Spittin' Chicklets, presented by Pink Whitney.
My friends at New Amsterdam Vodka here on the Barstool Sports Podcast family.
What's up, everyone?
We had a very eventful few days in the league.
Looked more like Slapshot than it has in years.
Fightin', bitin', helmets tossed, gloves thrown into huge fire.
And this club has everything
but for us let's check on the boys see how their holiday went mikey g how was turkey day fire
buddy uh turkey day was great black friday even better special shout out to the chiclets nation
always having our back so uh yeah i had a great weekend good good to hear good to hear biz how
was your american thanksgiving uh when you said this club has everything, what's that from, R.A.?
Is that Fight Club?
No, the SNL segment with Bill Hader when he used to do Steph Line
when he would talk about what clubs this club has.
You must know that one.
I could see your wheels turning when you were doing the intro, buddy,
and a great job.
What an eventful week in the NHL.
And, Whit, I think when you hit that Thanksgiving mark,
all of a sudden the wires cross and it comes to playoff race.
And after that, we've already mentioned an eventful week.
We had that glove toss.
We had that biting.
I got to go see the Coyotes game on Saturday
against the Dallas Stars.
So it was all hockey mostly.
It was a great game.
Dallas playing really well after that closed-door meeting.
Remember when I texted the group chat, I said,
hammer the Dallas Stars the next game after?
Why are you laughing?
Because you were 100 right.
Anytime you have a closed-door meeting, usually things turn around,
especially with a team like the Dallas Stars.
I think they've won four in a row now.
But Coyotes played well.
And then I spent the rest of my weekend getting help from G and yourself
with the latest Sandbagger sandbagger
10 with Trevor Zegers and Cole Caulfield some people chirping you know all your first sandbagger
with an AHL or nope Cole got called up but he's been on a little bit of a point streak too so
a great weekend for for me and very excited for the fans on Wednesday at 6 p.m. before all the
Eastern games start.
We are going to launch that.
Witt will be live in the chat.
I'm sure chirping my putting stroke, chirping my backswing,
but you guys will enjoy that for sure.
Presented by Pink Whitney and Roman.
Can't forget that, Pipe Biz.
Okay.
Witt, how was your Thanksgiving, my man?
Oh, it was phenomenal.
Just one of those, like, all of a sudden from Wednesday night, like, it's, like it's Sunday night. What the hell is the get things back on track because we had about seven of them within
four months one year in Edmonton.
And by the end, we were like playing Connect
Four with each other. What are
we going to talk about? There's nothing left.
Yeah, the
season right now is exciting.
The 17th guy saying the same thing
as the 16 guys before.
What do you think again? You're like, oh, just effort
level. And, you know, we got to get back on the backtrack.
Help out us.
Defense, please.
So what else?
Yeah, the league's nuts.
I've been following it.
Obviously, a lot of football going on.
Got roasted.
Bet against Michigan.
I actually like Michigan.
Michigan's my team.
Like, if I had a college football team, I really like Michigan.
But they lose every single year.
It's pathetic.
I remember last year, I said, fuck I'm done so I bet against them and of
course they just roll over Ohio State just a horrible beat I was almost happy right it's one
of those losses I was happy for Michigan but um a little upset about that uh what else other than
that I hammer I I was I had the pats yesterday the Packers I'm on fire in that in that regard
that's a nice thing to hear.
I know you guys are excited for me that I'm winning some money.
Marshawn, I pumped his tires on Twitter because I had just watched.
I was flipping back and forth, watched most of Bruins Vancouver.
He is incredible in leading this unreal third period comeback.
Like the nastiest plays, dangles, assists, scores a beautiful goal.
And I'm pumping his tires on Twitter.
Little did I know he's now going to be suspended probably
for a slew foot that I missed.
So people are coming at me online and, you know,
Panarin threw the glove at him.
So, yeah, there's a million things to catch up on.
I'm just rambling a little bit, but nice to see you guys.
Is that why Panarin ended up throwing the glove at him?
Well, Panarin threw the glove at him because he said something about Russia, I guess.
Yeah, Russia.
I guess we're never getting him on the podcast.
OK, geez.
OK, well, there you go.
All right.
What was your Thanksgiving like?
You know, it was actually very nice not to get sentimental, but it was the first time
and I think 45, 46 years that me, my brother, my mother, my father were all together because my parents divorced when I was a little kid.
And my dad's a widower now since, you know, last Thanksgiving.
So it was really special.
It's, you know, something I haven't done in a long time.
My sister was there, too.
So it was it was much more special than typical Thanksgiving.
And then Friday I had a wedding.
That's you saw the suit online.
I mean, boys, I was looking pretty good.
Me and B. and by hooked up had
had a couple pups together his cousin's wedding i know his cousin's mother very well longtime
family friend had an awesome time and boys it was so good because everyone's been so cooped up
at covet and you get to my age sometimes the only time you see your friends the wakes and funerals
and shit so it's just awesome to have like a festive occasion a party and keith's mother
man patty she's a fucking trip me and her party and her
sister karen cocktail they're the best we were cutting up a rug uh for quite a while i was gonna
ask you were you dancing all right what were you getting going to oh well it was whatever was old
man because when they play the new shit i don't know what i was like god god i could take a
breather here i need i need a breather here but all right anything old that i like but it was just
just fucking awesome atmosphere then there was an after party then another after party all right you
get leaking as it is i can only imagine how much you're leaking on that dance floor what was good
is you could run right right outside what have you been the red lion in in cohasset beautiful spot i
i tried getting a job there after i got fired being the bus boy at atlanta but beautiful spot unreal
they didn't even look at your resume with i guess not they were like this kid knocked over a fucking
waiter and knocked a hundred dollars of food on the ground we're not hiring him at red lines
classy establishment yeah actually when i spent the night in situate uh did you yeah i i stayed
at the inn at situate haba that's that's where I booked. I was, you know, I'm not going to drive back to Boston.
Oh, God, no.
God, no.
All sweaty.
I'm still picturing R.A. on the dance floor.
I mean, I know Grinnelli's seen that video with that guy.
He's got to be on Molly.
And he's just sweating.
And he's got the shaved head.
And he's like, you've seen it for sure and all.
It's like the viral clip of the random guy right yeah already
like i feel like he would dance like the way he danced when he was singing that that karaoke with
with the rolling stones in philly like he just like shakes a little like he probably tries to
be mick jagger yeah no only only when the stones are on they i didn't hear them at all i jag was
prepped if the stones come on i was ready to go but he didn't come on what's your go-to you know
what dude quickly my buddy went to this well hold on the butt my buddy donniepped if the stones come on i was ready to go but he didn't come on what's your go-to you know what dude quickly my buddy went to this hold on the butt my buddy donnie went to the stones
uh they were in fort lauderdale i think this past weekend it might have been their last show of the
tour i don't know but either way it's coming to an end for them at some point and a couple brawls
broke out there he's next to guys that are just tilting during a rolling stones concert i mean
how do you end up fighting called a mosh. They weren't happy with some of the songs they picked from the playlist,
I guess, but just thought of that.
They thought Fugees were opening.
They got a little bit rowdy.
Speaking of rock, I'll be gone till November.
You even mentioned, and this one's a little bit more sad,
well, obviously more sad, the Travis Scott show, all right?
Did you end up hearing about that?
They just didn't have the proper security,
and it was a fucking shit show.
And I think like a dozen kids ended up passing by.
Yeah, awful story.
Just terrible planning.
I guess that's kind of been a theme with his, I don't know,
videos or whatever, people crashing the gate.
Just a disaster.
But let's talk about Rockstar's biz,
because you might be the newest one.
Biz Hetfield on TNT doing a little duet with Hank Lundquist
looking like a mob soldier with your all black and pink tie.
That was fucking hilarious.
How pre-planned was that?
How about that shirt tie combo, Whit?
I was at least like, at least he's on the Pink Whitney type thing,
or is that even why he's doing this?
So that was for the month of November.
It's Hockey Fights Cancer. So they actually gave me a a vineyard vines tie yeah bro why'd you wear a black suit
and a black shirt with it i don't know i don't that's a great question i just don't know the
tie was pink for hockey fights cancer the the rest of the outfit is like why were you looking like a
bad guy villain from she's all that movie like 93 like like a button man on the godfather
oh and then and then like during the week lundquist we knew lundquist was coming and uh and
then he says he's bringing his guitar and he's like you don't you know how to sing and i'm like
absolutely not he goes try to learn one of these songs and the first one was nothing else matters
and i i ended up pulling it up i thought he was going to end up asking me live on air if they had
it this was pre-show he was just sitting there playing so then we i ended up pulling it up. I thought he was going to end up asking me live on air if they had it.
This was pre-show.
He was just sitting there playing.
So then I ended up just kind of pulling up the lyrics and joking around with them.
And then they ended up using the clip later on.
So it looks like you just brought it just to like,
do you think this was all planned maybe behind your back a little bit?
I don't know, but I had my earpiece in and I think the producer was kind of,
we were, they were just kind of talking about the music I think that was being played.
So it kind of just gets you singing along a little bit.
I didn't know the lyrics off by heart, surprisingly, although I grew up listening to Metallica.
I think one of my favorite albums of all time and traditionalists might get mad at this was the SM Symphony and Metallica.
And I want to say they had the San Francisco Symphony play, and then they matched it with all the guitars and stuff.
It's a double live album.
If you've never listened to it front to back, I suggest it.
You and Ryder in the car on your way to get your blueberry muffins.
Well, they say that if you play symphony music for a baby,
they're supposed to help him become a genius or whatnot.
But if I played the symphony music with Metallica, music for like a baby there is supposed to help him become like a genius albert einstein but if
i played the symphony music with metallica he might actually play with some balls if he ever
gets into the game of hockey he'll be in the mosh pit so yeah that's like all right getting that
neck muscle strength as you're headbanging at a young age um i was actually so bummed out as you
were singing that you stopped like when you stopped like is that how you're supposed to do
it i was like oh fuck keep going yeah yeah we to do it? I was like, oh, fuck, keep going. Yeah. Yeah. Killing it.
Well, like I said, man, it was awkward. Right.
And I didn't know the words off by heart and I was just fucking around.
So, yeah. So I ended up working out, although I looked like I was ready to go to prom.
I just needed the bouquet on my my my my was on the left side.
Yeah. Boot and a little boot meal. But yeah, no, another fun episode.
And then I ended up flying back on thursday i i
went to my friend's house uh donnie superstein uh joey's father's for thanksgiving and it was
great but uh i think we should probably roll into some hockey now i think we've talked to no
unless there's anything else you want to mention wet dog it was rider's birthday yesterday that
was a blast turn four happy birthday ride i love you i know dude isn't that crazy yeah like when
we had the pod before he was born, right?
Yeah.
I mean, you were single when we started the pod.
What the fuck?
Holy.
Happy B.A., Rodsy.
Well, boys, this holiday season is upon us, and sometimes you need to unwind.
Family, stress, shopping, whatever.
Head on over to your local favorite bar and make sure to order some Pink Whitney.
Get a shot of the best stuff from the pregame to the after party pink Whitney.
All right, boys, like we said, very eventful weekend in the NHL.
There was all kinds of chatter coming from Montreal about the Canadians front
office situation after the brutal start.
And it all came to a head Sunday afternoon, GM Mark Bergevin,
AKA the Bergevin was fired just four months after the team made an unlikely
run to the Stanley cup final.
The team also fired assistant GM Trevor Timmons and head of communications Paul Wilson.
And assistant GM Scott Melnby abruptly resigned on Saturday once he was told he wasn't in the run for the GM or president of hockey operations jobs.
The Habs then went and hired Jeff Gordon as executive vice president hockey operations to assure the continuity of the day-to-day operations during the search for the team's next GM.
The Habs said,
while the next general manager will bring significant hockey expertise to the
organization,
an additional criterion of that person's role will be to communicate with fans
in both French and English.
So the team immediately shrinks their pool of potential candidates.
Patrick was the obvious name.
People go to Merrick said on Sunday night that there had been no communication yet uh bergevin released a statement thanking everybody
they had a press conference today does what would you take on this whole situation
um whit have you also heard the rumor of luongo i haven't but you know who else speaks french
me delvis fucking idiot imagine boys
we got a DJ guy
guys we're gonna trade we're gonna we're gonna
screw over the avalanche
and we're gonna trade for Crosby
Crosby listen to my
plan listen
to my master plan enough
of this protein shake stuff.
We're trying to sell pink Whitney.
So get that in the stands.
I haven't heard of anyone.
The one name that the name like Breer.
That's well, Patrick.
But yeah, Breer as well.
American Friedman already said that he hasn't been contacted.
And I think the main reason on that one is like for whoever gets this job oddly enough like
you're not the man in charge right like jeff gordon is right right and and which is a positive
actually i i molson had a press today and it was a couple notes and molson said even though the new
canadians management team will feature a two-person team it will be the gm who ultimately will have
the final say in any hockey related decision so it's kind of weird to have a guy above you but you're still making the call
yeah I asked if the coach was safe Molson said I don't make the coaching decision uh but he also
said as far as I'm concerned he's the coach and he's staying there so you know these new GMs
typically want their guy so well you know obviously we're going to wait and see what
happens I would I would I would say whoever is hired would be smart to lean on Gorton for any type of advice.
I guess maybe shocked that he came out and said that the GM will have final say.
Like, I don't know.
I mean, like, that's not that crazy either.
I'll let you take back over what you're going to say, though.
Well, no, that kind of changes what I thought.
So, like, in thinking, like, a guy like Patrick Waugh,
who people mention, it's like would he
would he really be willing to like not be the one making the decisions now that statement completely
contradicts what I thought so maybe whoever Gordon hires that's basically him saying like I trust you
to do it but Jeff Gordon I mean he's like if you don't decide what I say I'm gonna fire you though
you know that yeah it's kind of like what I wonder if he heard that he's like wait what I say I'm going to fire you, though. You know that. Yeah, it's kind of like, I wonder if he heard that.
He's like, wait, what?
I think I'm still going to tell him what to do.
He basically was a big part of building the Boston team,
and the Rangers now are pretty quickly much better, right?
So, like, he's still well, what's the word?
Like, another job would have easily been his, right?
If they're looking for GMs in Chicago, they're looking for GMs in Anaheim.
Jeff Gordon easily could have got that job.
So does he want to just be the one at top?
Maybe he's making even more money, so he's happy.
He won't have the stress.
But that's the biggest thing with Montreal
is the stress of this job.
And Bergevin was gassed, dude.
I don't think he had anything left.
Everyone kind of knew and saw the whole vibe around him.
And he didn't have a contract owner this year.
Lame duck. And the whole thing around him and he didn't have a contract owner this year lame duck
and the whole thing being that that job wears you down and playing in Canada is one thing and maybe
it's it's no worse for wear than Toronto is or Edmonton where it gets nuts but Montreal with
the French and the English and how passionate and how much those fans expect and what they've
been through like with all these titles,
they don't really exactly get down with rebuild.
So they're going to have to now.
Yeah.
I feel like this was just delayed based on the amount of attacks,
not even attacks might be a strong word,
the amount of criticism you would face in the media and from the fans.
And all of a sudden you go on this magical run and I'm not trying to take anything away from the run.
That was very magical with, with timely scoring, incredible goal tending.
And you try to say lucky in the nice way.
Well, I've talked to other hockey people who,
who kind of watched the whole thing. And like,
I'm sure PJ stock doesn't care because we actually have them coming on the
podcast. I'm not sure if we talked in length about it,
but it was just one of these magical runs where I don't think they had much business.
And, you know, congratulations on the fact that they did it.
Well, I think it ended up delaying the fact
that this ends up happening.
You know, he was in control of a lot of the moves,
some of which I thought were great moves.
But if you're unable to find these great players
and build through the draft,
which, you know, they haven't really been able to do,
they haven't really been able to find that number one center.
I know Suzuki's stepping into that role now.
He's really popping off after that slump early on, but they just, you know,
now it's like what has created is really being seen,
although they did have a tough situation with Carey Price at the start of the
year. It just, you know, it doesn't think,
it doesn't seem as if, though,
this rebuild and this master plan he had planned
has put them in a good position to win moving forward.
And inevitably, you know, they had to let him go.
And I don't know where this team goes from here, though.
I think it's going to be a tough setting for the next probably two,
three years until they're able to find and build up their team
through prospects and hopefully some good moves.
So sucks for Bergervan because I think he put his heart and soul into it
and just his method didn't really come out to help them win the cup.
Yeah, the way it all went down wasn't really that surprising.
I think that the team moving forward is just they're in one.
And I think they're near the top of the league
in terms of actually like drafted talent playing for them.
They're at the bottom of the league, excuse me,
where they don't really draft well
and they don't really produce players.
And Molson said that.
I saw one of the tweets from someone who was at the press conference.
He mentioned like, we have to get back to drafting better
and like having guys that are homegrown
throughout our minor you know,
our minor league system and getting guys up without having to go to free
agency. You can't become great team without drafting well and having,
there's also no excuse for teams that have that much money and budget because
your resources,
when it comes to the whole scouting department are far greater than what other
organizations have. So that's why there's really no excuse for it.
It would be like exact same thing for, for I'm sure the Toronto Maple Leafs, greater than what other organizations have so that's why there's really no excuse for it it
would be like exact same thing for for i'm sure the toronto maple leafs no excuse they probably
have the most the biggest budget to spend in those areas much like if you look at football you don't
think bill check surrounds himself with bigger staffs having more eyes in order to to draft
better and and this and that so it kind of like some organizations I could see it, but a team like Montreal, it's like,
if you can't build through the draft, it's like,
what the fuck is going on here?
And as long as we've really had this podcast,
I've always said,
I consider it so stupid at this day and age to have to hire a French
speaking GM.
It's like, as I already said, it limits the pool,
limits who you're picking from.
Now, once they hired a president of hockey operations from melrose massachusetts and jeff gordon i think
they had to get at least maybe if they hired a french guy as the president he could have hired
a just english-speaking gm but they're not going to straight english goons up there in montreal but
now it does create a little bit of a the the pool is, there's not as many candidates, right?
But I don't know.
Like if you look at now, it's just going to be,
it's going to come down to Gordon interviewing people.
And if he's not in charge, like the owner says,
he's got to completely trust in somebody.
And he has half the amount of picks,
if not less that he could go with if a guy didn't speak French.
All right.
Is there anyone else you get think off the top of your head
who might get the job?
Someone pointed out on Twitter, Dale Talon speaks French.
I mean, I don't think that he would hire him.
You know, I don't know if Dale's going to get another GM.
You got all these fucking GMs with the Rosetta Stone earbuds in.
They're trying to learn French fucking quick
so they can open up the talent pool here.
Pal Eric Engels, I read his, he had a great article about it.
He said that it's probably going to be a rookie GM. That's,
that's what Engels said. So it could, it's probably going to be someone,
what could be, you know, we just said Luongo, Breer,
it could be someone off the grid.
I don't think Wau was a GM in Colorado. He coached there.
So I don't know if it's going to be one of these big names or somebody we
never heard about, but it's most likely going to be a rookie GM per Eric Engels.
So it'll be interesting, but Gordon, man, he's a brain to me, which makes it seems to me like that
would be Gordon really kind of teaching this guy while being a part of it.
Yeah.
I'm not giving him final say.
So I don't know.
That's just that's odd.
But Montreal, it's going to be a little bit of a long road here until they
can get some right.
Like New York, New York has done it quicker
because they won a couple lotteries
and they had the best,
one of the best defensemen in the world
basically say, I'm only playing for the Rangers.
It's like, you got to get lucky involved
in turning things around too.
It wants to be quick.
Big time.
The Canadians fans,
you're probably looking at a rebuild,
but Gordon's a brilliant hockey mind.
I mean, he was basically just waiting
for the right job.
He's well-respected.
He treats people well. He's a terrific drafter. So mean, he was basically just waiting for the right job. He's well-respected. He treats people well.
He's a terrific drafter.
So if you need a guy to rebuild your organization,
he's a hell of a guy to do it.
So best of luck to him and whoever he hires.
Any other further thoughts, boys, before we move along?
Careful, he bite.
This fucking, we haven't seen this in the league in 10 years.
LA's Brendan Lemieux bit Ottawa's Brady Kachuk
twice during a scrap Saturday's game between the Kings and Sens.
Lemieux got a five-minute match penalty, was ejected.
He's going to have an in-person hearing via Zoom,
which means he's looking at probably more than five games for suspension.
And Brady gave us an all-time soundbite.
Gee, want to tune it up?
Can we address your left hand here?
Obviously, that's something that nobody ever wants to have to go through.
You didn't have to put up much of an argument, did you?
It was pretty clear and pretty evident.
Yeah, I mean, this is, I think, the only time I'm going to answer this,
but I think it is the most gutless thing somebody could ever do.
Not even children bite.
This guy is just, you can ask any one of his teammates,
nobody wants to play with him.
This guy is a bad guy, bad teammate,
you know, focus on himself all the time.
Just a guy's a joke.
He shouldn't fucking be in this league.
This guy's got us.
I know no other team wants him.
He's going to keep begging to be in the NHL,
but no team's going to want him.
This guy's just an absolute joke and just a bad guy.
It's gutless, but I can't really wrap my head around it. Children don't
even do this. This guy's just a bad guy and not even a good player either.
Code of conduct broken, obviously, big time. How shocked
were you when that happened?
It's outrageous.
How shocked were you when that happened?
It's outrageous.
It's like kids don't even do that anymore.
It's babies do that.
And the fact that he decides it's, I don't even know what he's thinking.
He's just a complete brickhead.
He's got nothing up there.
He's a bad guy, bad player, but what a joke he is.
So it's a couple more years of, I don't even think it's a couple more years. He's, it's ticking for
him and nobody wants him. I mean,
Brickhead is an all-time. I don't
think I've ever heard anyone called a Brickhead before, but
how many games should he
get with? Biting is just, I mean, like Brady
said, that's like baby's bite. Like little kids
don't even bite anymore.
Yeah, this is a
tough one because the suspension
the last time it happened
was so small.
It was Yarko Routu in 08-09.
And I don't remember
being in the game
that this happened.
He bit Andrew Peters on Buffalo.
We were on the Penguins.
But I don't know if it was
after I got traded
after the deadline to Anaheim
or if it was throughout the year.
Maybe I was there, actually.
But I think he only got
two or three games.
And to me, it's like if he did bite down on Kachuk,
the way that it's pretty obvious he did.
I know our boy Avery, he doesn't believe it.
He says, show me bite marks.
I don't believe it.
You can't show me on video where he was bit.
I tend to think the way he gets up and he's screaming,
it's such a natural visceral reaction yes he legit got bought bit 10 games
10 games that's kind of like dude if you're biting somebody okay it's a day of age of
covid and all the new strands and shit you're biting people so i've i've experienced kind of
on on both sides so when i was in the american hockey league i was in a scrum in front of the
net with er Selleck.
And as we went down, he ended up putting his finger in my mouth and it just like, you know,
it kind of was one of those initial reactions where I just bit down.
I ended up breaking the bridge on my teeth.
So I, like, I lost all my front teeth.
And as soon as I bit him, you know, and then we go off to the box, he was rattled, but he put his finger in my mouth.
What it looked like was it kind of
looked like the side of his palm was kind of pushing off on his face and it just so happens
it ended up in his mouth and i think when you're heated in the midst of a scrap like that when the
guy's pushing down on you like that if if your hand or finger does somehow get caught in the mouth
i i think if you know if the wires cross it's your natural reaction to. Now, if you're saying he bit it twice and in the situation
where it was kind of like the side of his palm,
yeah, I'd probably say five to ten games.
And it seems like he's got an in-person hearing,
which makes them be able to give him six or more, right?
That's what they offered him.
It opens it up, yeah.
It opens it up quite a bit.
Now, I think Sportsnet did a great job
throughout the feed.
These guys have had a history.
I think they ended up going at it
when when Claude or not Claude
Brendan was playing with New York.
And then also they showed the clip
of the fathers going at it.
So I think they even crossed over as players.
And I mean, we all know Pepe's
reputation as a player.
I think as far as the comments are concerned,
Brady ended up going over the top and made it a little bit personal.
I don't know what their personal run run-ins have been off the ice and,
and what Brady thinks he knows about Brendan. Cause obviously we saw,
you know, quickie come in with the comments to back up.
And I don't know if he,
if we have those that we can roll up or you got to read them already.
Yeah. I didn't find that audio clip but John Quick said I have my own opinion about what happened or did
not happen last night and what I can tell you is that any comments that were made about Pep
were garbage we all support him and I'd rather have him on my team over that kid any day of the
week you know you expect your teammates to support yourself so yeah and that's just a veteran move by
Quickie coming over the top and and really taking that attention on for his team.
I would have imagined it would have been Doughty if he was healthy and playing,
probably coming over in with those comments
and making a little bit of a three-way family affair there.
But no, I just like
Whit, do you think that that was going a little deep,
and do you think Brady's going to regret saying some of those things,
or do you think because of the bite, it's like, absolutely not.
That's fair game.
My guess would be that he will not feel bad about the comments one bit.
And it probably goes back to that 96 World Cup.
Kachuk fought Claude Lemieux.
And you got to imagine they've both probably talked relentless amounts of shit about each
other to their kids since the kids were fucking born i hate claude lemieux i hate that guy right
brady and matt kachuk are those sitting around and they're watching their dad and then they see
his fights oh dad what about what about call them you i fucking hate that guy and then call them you
talking to his son in french i can't do french i. I do French Spanish when I try. He's like, I fucking hate Keith Kachuk, and I'll hate his kids too, right?
So maybe there's a true hatred of each other and the families, right?
But the comments were kind of like, oh, my God, just like all his teammates hate him.
You had to have an L.A. King teammate come out and say something.
If you have an opposing player make an enormous statement
that goes completely viral that every single one of his teammates hates him,
what are you going to do?
I'd fake being sick for a week and not drop to the rink.
You just come in, you're like, guys, you guys all hate me?
No, but it's your cool when you're asleep.
Matthew actually went at it with him in a prospects game a few years back, too.
They didn't go toe-to-toe, but he had a scram,
but he was basically sitting on him,
mushing his face into the ice.
So there's definitely a little...
Who was this guy?
I missed the beginning.
Who'd you say?
Brady's brother, Matthew,
during a prospects game a few years ago.
Someone posted a clip of him and, like, Lemieux,
like, Jocelyn.
He was basically kind of just throwing him down on the ice.
They weren't going...
Well, Lemieux knows what he's doing, man.
I mean, that guy pisses people off,
just like his father did. And couldn't see the actual uh part where he
did bite him because like the arms and the refs were kind of in the way there but as you said
we're going back to his reaction and how fucking how much he snapped after the fact and you could
see him rolling around even more which is a little bit rare once the refs finally get in there but as soon as you the
camera can see his face he's looking at the referee being like he fucking bit me he fucking
all the way to the penalty box i mean folks we you don't you don't even need to be able to read lips
to know what he was saying for crying out loud so uh i would probably say i would probably say
six games wit that's what i'm going to go with. Yeah. Yeah.
I mean,
if he gave him 10,
I'd be like,
I guess that I will say in kind of playing devil's advocate to myself,
there is really no,
it is a,
he said,
he said,
right.
It's like, you got to think,
are there,
unless he has Mark,
then get Brady the Oscar.
Cause that's what I'm saying.
That's why the reaction is so authentic, it seems like.
But I'm wondering if they sent League the pictures of blatant teeth mark on his hands,
and then the League's like, all right, five game, now that's the proof.
They haven't released that info, though.
Yeah.
You know how we'll get real proof is if he ends up in the hospital.
Because I told you guys at the time about when I got in the bar fight and uh i think i don't know if it was hess village or it was
in saint kitts but i ended up punching the guy and they afterward ended up getting infected because a
human's mouth is dirtier than a dog's mouth yeah so i i went home now keep in mind this might have
been what infected it i poured some captain morgan's on it thinking it was like alcohol
so that would clean it up so i went to because you know it's like like rubbing alcohol i'm like okay captain
so i can't say i wouldn't have done the same but yeah it's funny hearing it i go to sleep and then
i wake up the next day and it's like it's all red and it's it's definitely swollen so i said hey dad
i said my hand's swollen i ended up closing the my car on it. And so he drove me to the hospital. Well,
Canada, the healthcare is not that great. I sat around seven hours around the hospital,
finally saw someone in the doctor's like, uh, yeah, you probably should have told us how serious
this was. This is infected. I ended up spending seven nights in hospital with what they transferred
me over to. Yeah. They transferred me over to St. Catherine's. They had to like, open it up,
clean it all out. Next thing you know, I was on antibiotics, IVs.
I ended up losing 10 pounds.
And yeah,
a week later, I got released from hospital.
So if Brady ends up
getting infected from the teeth
marks there, well, then we're really going to know.
I don't know if he broke the skin or not,
but they'll be so obvious, Wade. I'm sure Otto had
pictures right away for evidence, because you'll know.
I mean, the fucking teeth marks, you can't deny when you see.
I want to see the pictures.
I'm curious.
Yeah.
Well, I think they're going to probably wait until something comes out.
They'll probably leak them afterwards.
Right before.
Right before I had to go to.
So this is I talk about how dumb I was as a kid, man.
This is a geez.
Like, is is are there any like nurses here?
Like the one on red tube? Chili to nurses. Oh, hey, geez, are there any nurses here like the ones on Red Tube?
Chili to nurses.
Hey, did you win the fight?
Oh, yeah.
One shot.
I was cold.
Front grill rocked out.
But this is what's stupid.
This was the summer after I got in trouble in Wilkes-Barre.
So it's just like another stupid incident.
You were so dumb off the ice for
a little bit so the craziest part about everything different your career would be this is about seven
days before I for after the before the last year of my entry-level contract we had a Pittsburgh
summer camp for all the young guys so I couldn't tell them obviously that this had happened so I
come you know I hadn't worked out in you know 10 days i'm 10 pounds under underweight you know i got this bandage on my hand what happened car door
like so that they must have been like this kid that might have been it when when the whole
biting thing um happened the other day i i reminded me of the eric selk situation and the
time i ended up up ended up in the hospital
for seven days after I got teeth
that infected my hand.
So we can move on.
Also, last thing.
I think there's more Ottawa news.
I know there is actually about Matt Murray,
but they stink.
So don't forget, like,
he's also frustrated and annoyed
and the whole team is because they're awful.
Yeah.
At this point, he might want his hand amputated you guys see that a couple years somebody paid gilbert
on the cameos or fucking read his quote they just you guys seen that right the gilbert
gilbert garfrey you know he does that brady get jack yeah i might not be the easiest guy to listen
to but he is tough to listen to that guy uh that was funny. I think he gets eight games. You know, you need
a real deterrent. Not that guys do this frequently.
Like you said, the last time was
Route 2 back in 2009,
and they said other incidents have happened, but they were
inconclusive, although I don't know how
I like this game. So guess 10.
I got six. R.A.'s got eight.
Grinnelli, you got to mix in an odd
number here. Five. I'll give him
five. Okay.
Here we go.
All right, boys.
Well, the Canadians didn't get the bling, but you can get it at Blue Nile.
Mark this holiday with something timeless.
Classic diamond stud earrings, elegant tennis bracelets, birthstone pendants, and so much more on BlueNile.com.
Listen, gang, I've got my wife a gorgeous pair of diamond earrings that you've seen
and an incredible tennis bracelet from Blue Nile, and they're absolutely stunning.
If you're looking for a vast selection of preset diamond gemstone jewelry, Blue Nile offers endless options ready to ship same day.
Having trouble choosing? Blue Nile has jewelry experts on hand 24-7, available via phone or chat to help you find or build a memorable gift at every budget.
When you commit to a piece, so does Blue Nile. Guaranteed service and repair for life. Make the
season shine with jewelry from BlueNile.com. Shop this week and take advantage of the Cyber Week
sale with select jewelry up to 50 off. Plus, now through Christmas, enjoy free two-day shipping.
And as always, Blue nile order is insured
ships free and arrives in discreet packaging that won't give away what's inside so shop stress-free
and find your forever peace go to bluenile.com today i'll tell you folks i really legit got
stuff my wife the stuff's fantastic the apartment will love it check them out like i said all
different price ranges if you want to go high, that's great. I got a nice, beautiful tennis bracelet.
Good stuff.
No way.
I actually ordered Witt's earring that he's going to be wearing
after the Calgary Flames go to the second round
and his fucking Oilers take a nice, hot, steaming jump
just like the Leafs did in the past, but not anymore.
I love how you realize at the end there,
oh, my God, I'm going to panic because he's going to crush me
with Leafs facts, but not like the Leafs used to.
13-2 in the last 15 games.
I think, isn't it 14-2?
They look awesome, and they look differently awesome
because they don't give up goals now.
They're giving up under two goals a game.
They're a good team.
I've said it all along.
But, I mean, everyone's saying like, oh my God, like they have
33 points
or no, they have three more points.
13 and two in their last 15.
I believe so.
They have three more points than the Oilers
in three more games played.
That's five points for the Oilers
if not six. So we'll
be three ahead of them by the time we
had the same amount of games played. So don't come at me. A lot of good hockey being played right now by a lot of Canadian teams. So we'll be three ahead of them by the time we had the same amount of games played.
So don't come at me.
A lot of good hockey being played right now by a lot of Canadian teams.
So it's good to see.
Yeah.
Shirts are on sale now as well.
Oh yeah.
Grinnelli dropped a,
an absolute wagon Toronto Maple Leafs tee.
So I think they're too good to even,
even be susceptible to a Grinnelli curse on the merch side.
They're not going to tank like the Sabres.
So we'll sell a bunch of those, and they'll keep winning,
and they'll keep moving on.
Moving on up, moving on up to the east side.
That's what R.A. is dancing to at the wedding.
Seven straight road wins.
The 12th win in November is the most in any calendar month in team history,
and it's only the third time that they
swept California since the Ducks came into the league.
What about Biebs whacking back those Bud Lights
at the Kings game the other night?
He had a nice glaze on, and then his boy Matthew
scored. He went and gave the hat and knuckles
to every person in the arena.
I don't know if you saw him going up and down the aisles with
moving on up.
That was such a guarantee. Matthews was scoring
that game with him there like his buddy
there how about on uh how about on tnt talk arsenal with the restaurants and the last one he
picked was tolka madera you should see the app you should see the scene at this place what is it
called oh you've uh tolka madera they got it's right in like the it's right in the viagra triangle
of uh old town scottsdale i think you have to take a 20 milligram to go in the place.
That's like the cover charge.
And then they got the tables with flames on them with those little fireplaces.
The restaurant turns into a club type thing.
Yeah, it's like a supper club.
They got the guy with the guitar that's hooked up to the sound system.
I'm going on their Instagram right now.
Just coming by your table, doing riffs.
So, yeah, he was buzzing.
I don't even know how he was dangling so well after my fielding questions like that.
So he's a special breed, but it was fun.
It was a great question by talk.
All right.
Next up on the wacky weekend, we had the glove toss.
Friday, Boston and the ranges had the black friday
afternoon game and uh near the end of the game panarin and mashan you could see them jarring at
each other and all of a sudden panarin just chucks his glove at mashan they asked mashan to have the
game he said we were just asking about what thanksgiving dinner was he didn't like what i
ate uh panarin did later confirm that mashan's comments were russia putin related and i guess
mashan was saying nobody liked them there and pan Panarin said, quote, that's why I lost my mind.
I lost 5K, but thanks to the old general manager for 11.6 million, I'm good.
Which is absolutely fucking hilarious.
Quote, the NHL didn't think Marshawn said anything worth disciplining, even if the Rangers did.
And I don't know if you guys knew this, but the CBA prevents the league from reviewing mic'd up audio content for any reason related to potential discipline.
That was the only way the NHLpa would agree to have players we have microphones so you know basically you can't get in trouble for what you say so they couldn't really do anything
to went to them anyways but like how far is too far when you're talking about somebody's country
like what's the limit you know what i mean so they they could but you're saying they couldn't use
the audio for a racial slur? Well,
yeah, I mean, I'm not, that I'm sure that was probably maybe a different category, but
actually that's a great point, Ben, with
they said the only way they'd agree to it
if they couldn't get, if they got assurances they couldn't get
potential discipline of a racial slur,
yeah, that... Well, then other people would
hear it, yeah, but maybe they couldn't go
to it on that anyways. Well, if
nobody else heard it, that's
actually an interesting question because they're not supposed to. Let's hope. Well, if nobody else heard it, that's actually an interesting question
because they're not supposed to.
Let's hope we don't have any more of them.
But I'm just trying to think,
to not be able to use the audio,
I didn't know that.
I mean, I don't know.
I've done a lot of shit talking about Russia.
How many times in your career,
had a guy said something to you
that got you that fired up?
Like when he went that personal
no probably never i mean guys you suck which like bummed me out
it wasn't i was never like throwing a glove at him
you know you think do you think marshall crossed the line do you think that's too personal
or do you think that's something that
Calling out his country's president?
Not really.
I mean, obviously this kid's been through a lot, right?
Like, remember he left games last year.
He's been openly, like, speaking out against Putin.
So it's like  it's certainly a different animal.
For me to judge what would affect him talking about his country isn't fair.
But I don't know.
I heard he that that you're
a loser no one likes you and that's why you didn't get the putin gold card that's what i that's that's
just i know i haven't heard the audio but that's just a rumor coming out of the from between the
benches there what do you think r.a yeah that's i don't know i mean i you can get personal i think
i think basically if it's not you're not using racial racial shit uh you know uh ethnic stuff i think i don't know we can say whatever man it's
the nhl people i know the best place in the world people are gonna say nasty stuff they're gonna
chirp and you know i know the new generations are you know a little i don't say softer but maybe a
little more sensitive about this stuff but yeah if it's not something about someone you know race
or ethnicity or sexual orientation
or anything like that, fuck it, man.
It should be, you know, whatever.
You're making fun of Russia,
then say something about fucking his country.
Now, mind you, I'm completely fine.
And it was hilarious that Panarin threw the glove at him.
And if what he said made Panarin so mad that he fought him,
which by the way, Panarin's fought before,
he kind of chucks him.
Panarin Marchand would actually be a fun fight to watch.
Yeah, it'd be a good fight.
So if it upset him that much, 100, like, I don't blame him.
Do whatever you want.
But I just am saying, like, I don't think he deserves to be suspended
for saying anything about Russia, right?
If it pisses him off, I don't blame the kid.
But in the end, it's like, do I think it's that bad?
No.
Okay.
But is Panarin definitely going to play russia in the olympics if these
players actually end up going wow that's that's a good i don't know that's a great question wet yeah
yeah has that even been brought up i have no idea but he's been openly speaking out against
the country putin is like the die he's like the superman of the national team
yeah he's actually exactly he's the godfather. Exactly. He's the 13th forward.
Got a snipe.
Got a good snipe, too.
During the game, too, Sean McDonough, the announcer,
said he talked to Tuca Rask.
Rask told him he'll be skating five times a week beginning next week.
He hopes to return to play in January.
Hopes it will be as a bro, and I can't imagine he'll go anywhere else.
Allmark and Swayman, well, before last night's game,
combined 908 save percentage.
That's not a number that's going to probably even get you into the playoffs.
So a healthy Rask dropping into the Bruins January
would be a pretty welcome sight for that squad,
given the way the goaltender's been.
Although Allmark was pretty good last night.
You think he's going to definitely be back a lot, Whit?
I think he would like to be.
And the way the team's looked, it makes total sense.
There's Bruins fans who think that's crazy and don't want him back.
Well, you've seen kind of how average your team is this year.
It seems like they win one, lose one, same thing on and on.
The goaltending, while at times it's been good, overall isn't good enough.
So why not bring back one of the best goalies that's ever played for the Bruins?
Yeah, that's a fact.
And Swayman's still on entry level, so you can send him down no way.
Yep. So it's just like it's, you know, all of a sudden, And Swayman's still on entry level, so you can send him down no way. Yep.
So it's just like it's, you know, all of a sudden,
what happens to the salary cap?
Are they going to be jammed up towards you?
Well, he would have to sign.
He's UFA.
He'll probably do a Buffalo deal.
Yeah, because he's made his money.
He said money's not a concern at this point.
Oh, my God.
Fans not wanting him back at 750,000?
Could you imagine that?
I don't know if it would actually be 750, but it wouldn't be 6 million.
It would be very low.
He basically said he wouldn't be playing for money.
He would just be playing for the sake of it.
Pretty impacts for the road.
That's fucking nice of him.
What a guy.
For everything he's taken in that city, man, as far as the criticism,
he's a fucking G.
If I'm Ken Holland, I'm hopping on a first-class Finnish Airlines flight
right over to  well, I guess he's in Boston.
But I'm just trying to be like, get up to Edmonton, Tuca.
Win a Stanley Cup with the Oilers.
Once an Oiler, always an Oiler, no matter where you're from.
All right, the other craziness of the weekend, a helmet toss.
We had the glove toss, the fight, and the bite.
Now we've got two Swedes, too.
Len described me.
He can be a snapshot sometimes.
He can at home was going at it with Rand and just ripped his helmet off.
It chucked it.
Land of Scott comes in, just pummels his countrymen.
I mean, these guys have been on the same national teams together.
And then there was a funny clip later in the game.
Rand got a hat trick.
Did you see that?
See that someone threw a hat at Linda right in his lap.
He chucked it on the back of his head, just like a two, three second clip.
But absolutely hilarious.
It was Taves who put the hat on.
Oh, who did I say? I'm sorry.
I think you said Landis.
It doesn't matter. It was hilarious.
It lands on him and just throws it on backwards quick.
It cuts off, but the abs.
Yeah, they're looking.
They're starting to move now.
And, like, I knew Kadri was good.
That's why you always say if you can get Kadri going,
if he could just play hockey and not be an idiot with these hits
and these dirty plays that gets him booted out of the playoff series,
he's so good and such a difference maker.
And now, I think it's 21 points in the last 10 games or something like that,
rocketing up the league leaders in points.
And he's phenomenal.
And to do all this without McKinnon shows this team should easily win that division.
Going back to Landy, you thought maybe things would calm down with him
after he signed the big ticket?
Absolutely not.
He was going with Hartman in Minnesota in preseason.
I would probably say the most hardcore captain.
I mean, I guess you could maybe throw Brady Kachuk in the mix
for how much he likes to get in the mix. But anytime there's a scrum and if he sees one of his teammates being
taken advantage of, he does not skip a beat. He gets right over there. And I think as soon as
Ekholm did that, you could see the regret in his face as soon as he saw the bull coming over.
I don't know how many of you, because landy you know landy can snap man
but uh you know that's that's the reason why he got the deal that he did because he brings it in
all facets of the game and uh definitely definitely one of the captains you don't want to mess with in
the league and if we're going to talk about the abs a little bit kale mccarr like ever since he's
been back like just the way he's been walking the line and the way he's been letting it go i think
he had goals in like,
I think there was like four or five games in a row
or something like that
and just putting up insane numbers.
And listen, we're still early on for the league awards.
So despite a slow start for the Avs,
I think Kael McCarr very much in the mix for the Norris.
And I don't know if we were going to get to talking
about Ovechkin too, boys.
This guy, were you done with Colorado?
No, we weren't.
It was great to see Bowen Byron return.
Yes.
He's had a lot of injuries.
There was a great article in The Athletic a while back,
his first year.
It was kind of a nightmare for him,
but 22 minutes on 25 shifts, four shots on goal,
and he scored.
So it was great to see him back in and get a goal, Biz.
Wait, did you get a chance to read that article?
Yes, and i had no clue
yeah and and just to read i had like flashbacks of when i well luckily it does not seem that
that's the case for him but in the article it talks about he's talking called his mom he's like
what am i gonna do like i i don't think i can keep playing hockey i think my career's over and that
that panic oh god at that age too he's only 20 years old. I feel so bad for the kid.
And it talks about what he went through.
He went on a 10 day like excursion hike trip with his father.
They drove 24 hours north of Vancouver, I think.
And then ended up taking a plane even like deeper into the wilderness and did 10 days.
And it really helped him recharge, get his mind right.
And then he got hurt again after that.
But just to come back from that one now, just the other night, amazing story.
And I had no idea how difficult the year was.
And it makes a lot of sense now, Biz, when we were like,
why aren't they playing him last year in the playoffs?
Like, he was not in a position to be playing once you read this article.
Yeah, and they kept it quiet.
And I actually reached out to Dr. Sigalat, a guy who,
I think he practices in Burnaby near the eight rinks.
And I used to go see him.
So he's a neck and head doctor.
So me and Gordo would go see him.
He worked with Crosby when he was dealing with his concussion issues.
I believe that he's also a visitor with Bo Byram.
And I was just talking to him about the process in coming back from one of these.
And I was asking him about all the factors and variables.
Because in the article, it mentioned how he's got a very bubbly personality and he you know he likes
being around the guys and likes being in the mix and all of a sudden because of the COVID protocol
he really wasn't able to interact with one his new teammates um you know you know it was kind of go
to the rink and go home and don't really have much fun he couldn't really go anywhere out in public
at one point his mom came down to visit him. But I was when I
was talking, I said, how much does does depression play a factor in your recovery process? And he
goes, when dealing with these concussions, there's so many variables involved, they can all have an
impact, including like, you know, something like that, like, you know, the depression, it has to
do sometimes with the neck itself, of course,
the swelling of the head. So just reading that article,
it gave you like a better understanding what someone's going through when
dealing with the symptoms of a concussion. And it sucks that the guy,
as you said, had to deal with it so early in his career,
but it seems as if though, you know,
he's going to be back in the lineup and back ready to go.
So definitely a young prospect you can't lose to these types of things.
That is the best defense in the NHL.
Yeah.
Taves himself, Makar, Gerrard looks great.
Eric Johnson's played in the league a long time.
Jack Johnson's there.
He's like the 5'6", 7".
They got prospects.
It's an unreal team's like the 5, 6, 7. They got prospects. It's just an unreal team and on defense.
They got guys who can defend and move the puck and do both.
Scary.
Yeah.
Boys, we were so amped up to start,
we forgot to mention our guest who we're going to bring on in a little while,
Brad Marsh, a longtime Philadelphia defenseman.
He's the coach of the Philadelphia Warriors disabled military team
that we went down to Philadelphia to watch and visit with.
So great interview coming up in a little bit. Just wanted to mention that.
Also want to mention Cross Country Mortgage. Much like us at Barstool, a people first group of
people, they're dedicated to the fundamentals of mortgage lending, which results in a fast,
convenient, and less stressful home financing or refinancing experience. And right now rates
are unbelievably low. Don't pay the bank more money than you need to because cross-country mortgage makes the process as painless and
simple as possible and helps keep your money in your pockets. You can do fun things with it,
like trips to Vegas or a new HDTV. And the folks at cross-country are great people,
easy to work with, and they can simplify things if you're not familiar with the stuff.
It can get overwhelming, man, very overwhelming. So if you're a homeowner and you haven't refied lately, you could be leaving thousands or even tens of thousands
on the table. And that's money that could go towards some holiday gifts, maybe a nice little
spit and chiclets gear, or just some pocket cash for whatever. Rates are at an all-time low and
may never get this low again. So call today for a fast, free, great quote and a free home valuation.
And when you do, tell them Barstool sent you.
Go to crosscountrymortgage.com slash Barstool to learn more about your future home buying experience
or to refinance your current mortgage. Cross Country Mortgage, LLC, NMLS 3029,
all on subjects to underwriting approval, www.nmlsconsumeraccess.org.
but NMLS consumer access.org.
A couple of the news.
What you already mentioned that Ottawa wave,
Matt Murray,
the Sens brought him in a few years ago to help turn the team around,
but he just never resembled the guy who helped Pittsburgh win back-to-back cups.
They assigned him to AHL Belleville.
He's the sixth highest paid goalie in the league.
He's got two years left at six and a quarter million.
He's still only 27 years old.
Nobody claimed him.
I thought Buffalo might have put a claim in front of him,
given that they've had kind of a carousel of goaltenders,
but it didn't happen.
I wasn't really surprised he didn't get claimed.
It's been a real tough go for him.
We actually talked about, even when he was in Pittsburgh,
the ability for him to stay healthy because he seemed to get hurt.
He's not a big guy, right?
He's a skinny guy, doesn't weigh a lot. So he's had trouble staying healthy.
I know he had COVID this year.
His whole outlook is that they kind of threw him under the bus.
Like, I guess he, like, obviously, it goes without saying,
this guy's furious, right?
He's in the minors now.
He's a top-paid goalie in the league.
He's a two-time Stanley Cup champion.
So he kind of blames, like, I don't know,
maybe the team that they put out there and
it's not all on him but when you look at the numbers two years in a row or they're tough
and that team needs goaltending they need to be able to get timely saves to at least stay in games
when their roster's overmatched so you got a guy who's furious and pissed off and embarrassed which
is the toughest part about it um when i went to the minors, it was the worst feeling, right?
When you've been in the NHL a while, let alone winning Stanley Cup
and signing this big ticket.
Like I went down when I wasn't a great player anymore
and I was making a million dollars.
So for him, it's just such a kick to the  I know ego sounds wrong,
but it's true.
It's like you think of yourself as a player and what you can do,
and now you're not even in the NHL anymore.
So best thing he could do is just go down and try to like have fun with the
game again and enjoy the game.
Like a lot of guys have talked about,
and maybe he ends up getting picked up because if he went to light up the
AHL this year,
there's someone coming deadline time that would look as long as audible would
retain some of the salary.
I mean,
I've seen it done before.
I mentioned Peter Buddha. I mentioned
Jack Campbell. Mind you, you mentioned the two Stanley Cups, right? It's a little bit tough.
And I think that everybody had a level of optimism when he signed with Ottawa that,
hey, listen, this guy's going to be able to find his game back. This team is in the basement,
but they're starting to draft well. And they're going to start picking up some assets. And you
think that he's going to probably see 40 shots a game and once you're seeing all
that rubber you're going to be able to find your game back and you said it when it just really
hasn't looked good in the in the short time that he's been there and I'm I was surprised to see
him go on waivers and then not be claimed but um you said it go down there completely change the
mind frame and hopefully you can find your
game back because it's you know it's been done before by other guys and that's really the only
approach you can take uh the Sens also claimed Adam Gaudette off of waivers from Chicago and the
other big waving uh San Jose waved to Van de Kane uh seven million dollar forward he's going to play
for the Barracuda per his agent as they seek a deal elsewhere the Sharks are willing to eat some
of that money he's got three more years left at 7 million after this season.
His teammates didn't want him back.
I think that was pretty well established.
I wonder, putting him in the AHL, you've got all these young kids.
Is that going to poison that well?
I think this is when Akalini goes full Jerry Jones
because I know there's some rumblings out there
that he might end up in Vancouver.
That's where he's from.
I mean, at this point, you might as well try anything you can with.
How many more years does Kane have, R.A.?
Three more years after this season at seven per.
So the fact that when he plays and he's out of the bullshit away from the rink,
he's nasty.
He's a legit power forward, 30-goal guy.
Yeah, Vancouver would love him.
But I don't know.
That's a lot to take in on a team that's in disarray right now.
Vancouver, they're not doing anything.
They're just like, I don't know.
When does the  they play Montreal tonight.
They blew another game last night, Sunday night against the Bruins.
If they lose again, at what point does something happen?
If you're saying that what happens with
Vancouver is not a GM being
let go or Travis Green or a big trade,
it's bringing in a Vander game.
The city of Vancouver would have another
round of riots ripped up.
Well, they're not doing anything.
If they lose against the Habs and back
to back after giving up the lead against Boston,
I mean, we're going to have to wait for it and this pot will to back after giving up the lead against Boston,
I mean, we're going to have to wait for it.
And this pot will be out after the fact.
But I mean, I don't think Travis Green should go.
I think people are more so waiting on Benning to get gas and or and or a trade or some type of move.
You almost like it's gotten to the point where it's so comical.
You almost have to pick up Evander Kane in order to get to get the team in the mix again right so i don't know i don't know what the answer is i keep saying like oh i think i've got two different group texts going if they lose the
next one something's happening if they lose the next one something's happening if it doesn't
happen after the montreal game if they lose? They lose to hell. What a toilet bowl game tonight. We got them playing the violin as the ship's going down on the fucking Titanic.
If they're doing it the whole season long.
I think my guess would be that the way that Evander Kane gets back to the NHL
is by going down to the AHL and having absolutely zero rumblings
of him not being 100 a team guy and playing well and just keeping his mouth shut and playing hockey, right?
Stay out of any bullshit and just play good hockey and be a good team guy,
and at some point he'd be back in the league.
But until that happens and that's proven with what his own teammates
in San Jose said to the GM this summer, how are you going to bring him in, dude?
Yeah, I don't think we're going to see him back on the Sharks roster.
No, I'm saying any roster right now.
I mean, that's what I'm saying.
Who's going to trade for this guy with his track record?
He's going to really have to reestablish his reputation.
He's going to fight the trainer when he lets him know
that he's got to put his money in a cup to buy a soggy sub for after the game.
He won't even last one roadie, Whit.
Speaking of the Canucks, it was pretty nice to see Conor Gallen
get a goal in front of his parents Sunday night, Whit.
I bet the Bruins in regulation, I won, so I was happy at the time.
I was motherfucking him, but that's great job, Conor.
He's been lighting the lamp.
He's probably been one of their most consistent guys up front.
Yeah, absolutely.
By far and away.
And there's not many of them there.
Him and Miller.
You did mention Miller.
Ari, I don't know if you saw it.
Thomas Drance, he covers the Vancouver Canucks.
He mentioned that there was a little bit of tension in practice
with the fact that Miller yelled down from one end to Travis Green.
Like, nobody knows what the fuck we're doing over here in this drill down the ice.
Obviously, with the way that things are going, this isn't that uncommon.
Like sometimes there's just a little bit of confusion.
Like, listen, if the coach goes to the board and writes down three drills,
there's a chance that I'm not remembering the first drill that he wrote down.
There's definitely a chance I'm not remembering the last drill he wrote down,
and that's a big reason why I used to go last in line.
So sometimes there's just a little bit of miscommunication.
This kind of went viral and then people are all lack of leadership,
this and that. And then it created a little bit more of a, an issue.
What's up G.
I was going to say there were some rumors going around the internet right
now. Cause we are the rumor boys that JT Miller could be in a potential
trade to Boston.
Some center help up the middle.
That would,
that would,
I don't know what boss would have to give up.
That would be a nice deal for Boston.
Two grass rights.
Jack stuck,
Nikia and a lot more.
I JT Miller.
That guy's fucking nice player.
That's 20,
30 goal guy.
You can't just be chucking snud Nika in the mix.
I don't know.
The Canucks, the one thing I'll say about being on a losing team
and in Canada nonetheless is every single day is stressful.
And when you're losing, it's like everyone is walking on their tippy toes
and you're wondering, am I the one that's going to be going here?
Like what's going to happen?
There's a feeling of very uneasiness that goes around with every single guy and the trainers and the coaching staff.
So when tempers flare in practice, when you're on a team that's losing every game like that is not at all a shocker because everyone's fucking panicking inside their own mind the entire time to begin with yeah we're we're a loss against montreal and one little puck battle
gone wrong in practice to having a full full full-fledged donny brook in the vancouver
the media hops on the ice like everyone's squaring off just lower the fucking cage let's go here
drance in the mix everybody and all the analytics guys, the people from the riot,
they're bringing them back from a Surrey or wherever,
whatever bridge and tunnel they came through.
That couple that was making out in that picture.
Oh,
actually,
all right,
guys,
I'm going to completely switch this to serious topic.
There's been a lot of storms and floods in Vancouver.
And Ryan Reynolds ended up sending out a tweet.
I got my buddy,
Bradley freezing,
who I ended up doing the ice bucket challenge with, sending out a tweet. I got my buddy Bradley Friesen, who I ended up doing the Ice Bucket Challenge with,
who has a helicopter,
and he's been running out supplies to wherever he can.
Check him out on Instagram, on social media.
That's Bradley Friesen.
He's got links in his bio.
Anything you can do to help, guys.
This is very sad.
People, there's been deaths.
People are losing their farms, their land.
You know, they're stuck because roads have been closed. So
it just, it really sucks. So I just wanted to mention that. And BC is such a beautiful place.
I have a lot of friends there and they're really struggling right now. So we're thinking of you
guys and do what you can to help, as I mentioned. Well said, Biz. Well said. We have another note
out of San Jose as well. General Manager Doug Wilson has taken a temporary medical leave
from his day-to-day activities.
I guess he's had this persistent cough for a while now.
They can't figure out what's causing it.
It's not COVID related. It's just some sort of crazy cough he can't get rid of.
So Assistant GM Joe Will is going to take over for him in the meantime.
So obviously we wish Doug Wilson the best.
We want to see him get well and get back out there,
and hopefully he comes back healthy.
Speaking of healthy,
Ireland has finally got a reprieve from the league.
The league finally postponed some games for this team
after having seven plays in protocol,
and they kept losing and losing.
Their scheduled games versus the Rangers Sunday
and Philadelphia Tuesday will be played at a later time.
The practice facility will be closed through at least Monday.
If the players and staff test negative three straight days,
New York could resume practice Wednesday.
They're scheduled to play Thursday at home versus San Jose.
Like I said, they lost eight straight.
The second team to postpone games after the Sens did earlier.
And then this just came over Twitter a few minutes ago.
The Canes said that Tony D'Angelo and Brett Pesci have entered the COVID
protocols as well.
So hopefully this, you know, we said at the beginning of the season,
this just doesn't keep going on and on and on.
But that's what's going on.
Oh, now the Omicron variant's coming, though.
Whit, you know what I'm going to compare the Islanders' start to the season
so far with is last year's Dallas Stars.
You know, they dealt with some injuries.
They got off to a slow start.
All of a sudden they got COVID.
They had games moved.
Now they're going to be, you know, their schedule is going to be condensed.
So I don't know.
I'm glad that they actually canceled
some games for them.
I know sometimes we joke around
about the, you know, the Islanders
and how boring they are to play
and blah, blah, blah.
But the league needed to step in
and do something for this squad.
Yeah, it becomes a lot of fear.
Okay, before we send it over to Brad Marsh,
one last thing.
We want to
congratulate mark edward vlasic on playing in his 1100th nhl game quite an accomplishment you guys
must have went to head-to-head with this guy one of the probably more unheralded defensemen of his
era i think one of the quickest guys to get the 400 games always healthy always reliable played
for team canada very comparable comparable to like a Nicholas Jarmelson,
just a really, really good shutdown defenseman,
can play with anyone and an unbelievable career with.
Yeah, I actually think when I think of their careers,
I would say Vlasic is like a better player, better career than Jarmelson.
I don't know if he was as good at blocking shots,
but just overall could do more.
Yeah, when you look back at like canadian olympic gold medalists in men's hockey like that's not a name that jumps to your your head right away but the reason he's on that team is
because he quietly and like what's the word subtly subtly so there's a b in the word right
yeah but it's silent really subtle yeah yeah so at least i knew
something there subtly goes about being excellent right where he doesn't do anything that amazing
he doesn't make any mistakes and every time he gets the puck he'll make the 10 15 foot pass that's
perfect and right there and always has good gap plays great defensively so i know his game struggle
a little bit and part of the problem in san jose even though they're fighting for the playoffs right now, they're doing way more than I expected
them to this year. Part of the problem is that
he's signed making a lot of money that he deserved
but you're getting the tail
end of his career and I think he's played
better this year but to get to 1100
that fast at that age is nuts.
One of the all-time great nicknames
as well, Pickles.
I'm not a pickles guy are you
oh i love a fucking dill pickle sour pickle oh love pickles i like the butter ones out of the
jar in the in the fridge and just crush them right there fucking six eight of them and r.a. is the
one who goes to the convenience store that's the best pickles or not the devil pickles the
the deviled eggs too oh. No, no, no.
You ain't going to catch me eating those bad boys.
You know when you go to the men's hall and they got the big jar of eggs?
Yeah, nasty.
No, not me.
Not on those.
All right, boys.
I think it's time to send it over to Brad Marsh.
This is a great interview.
But first, we want to let you know this interview is brought to you by Sport Clips. I don't take my broken phone screen to a mechanic for the same
reason I don't trust my hair in the hands of my grandma stylist. I want someone who specializes
in me and the experts at Sport Clips are trained specifically for guys here. Long, curly, short,
thinning, that's me, thick, chubby face, skinny, whatever you look,
they know how to cut and shape your hair to fit you best. Afterwards, you may even get a
pinch on the cheek from grandma. Sport Clips, the pros in men's hair. And now, enjoy Brad Marsh.
Well, our next guest was one of the best stay-at-home defensemen in the 1980s and the
heart and soul of the Philadelphia Flyers of that era.
He was taken 11th overall in the 1978 draft by the Atlanta Flames
and went on to play over 1,100 NHL games, including playoffs.
These days, he coaches the Philadelphia Warriors,
a team made up of disabled military veterans,
and the reason we are in town this weekend, Philadelphia.
It's a pleasure to welcome to the Spittin' Chicklets podcast, Brad Marsh. Thanks for joining us, Marshy. Hey, happy to be here. I love being introduced as a
stay-at-home defenseman because that means he could not score. That's a nice way of saying it.
He just did his job on his own end. Yeah, yeah, very polite. Absolutely. I have a little tire
pump there as well. I enjoyed watching you play. I always like those stay-at-home guys. So,
obviously, I just mentioned we're here for the Philadelphia Warriors,
a team made up of disabled veterans.
How did you become involved with this?
How did you become their coach?
Well, I'll tell you.
It started with December 2, 2018 with a learn-to-skate program for veterans.
And we put it on through the Flyers, of course,
and myself and Rob Baer, who work together within Flyerland, as I refer to it,
both in the community development department, we had this learn to skate.
And 38 veterans showed up.
And, you know, we had some nice swag for them.
And then from there, we had a practice at the Wells Fargo Center.
And from there, the program just kept growing and growing.
And one of the biggest things that really helped it along was every time there's an outdoor game,
and I didn't know this, the NHL and the host team,
they have a legacy grant.
And so within Flyer Land, they said,
come up with some ideas what we could do with the legacy grant.
And of course, Rob and I were pushing for,
let's start a Flyers Warriors team for disabled veterans.
And so a lot of good suggestions around the table and so on,
but Flyers Warriors, the veterans, won out.
So we got 50,000, and the first thing we did,
we bought a year's worth of ice and uniforms, which was really cool.
So anyhow, the guys were introduced at the outdoor game.
We had a really nice ceremonial reception right in the flyers dressing room and
we talked about and you guys know how important the dressing room is and we talked about them
being now a part of the flyers organization and we're proud to have them as part of our on our
team and it was really cool we had jerseys for them and and from there the program has just taken
off it's been incredible and a lot of fun that's an amazing story just to just to hear how it began
and you were telling me before about how many guys are into it and how many people showed up
to the learn to skate so now at this point are there tryouts for the team right you got a lot
of guys looking to play right you got a snip guys all of a sudden it's like hey bud you gotta work
on your shot next next summer yeah down to the ahl of uh that's right yeah well you know what
is it's we have three full teams now okay nice uh so like i
said we had to learn to skate and so we have some good players and we have some players that think
they're really good you know it doesn't matter that's your job though hey calm down your voice
and they keep saying uh we need to be evaluated we need to be evaluated so we finally evaluated
and they didn't like the valuations for heaven's sakes. But we have three teams based on ability, 2-1, 2-3.
And so, hey, like I said a couple times already,
and I'll say it many more times, it's great.
They're a great group of guys,
and I'm just happy to be associated with them.
And then, you know, after they got the 50,000 grant,
they said, okay, who's going to run or who's going to do the program?
And I put my hand up and said, well, I'll coach them.
And then so right from the get-go
I've been involved with
the day-to-day operations of it
if you will. But as I tell the guys,
this program would not be successful
if it wasn't for
the effort and the time
that the Warrior players put into it.
They've been awesome.
And Warrior Classic this weekend, we're setting up today.
We had 25 guys there working.
We had their wives there.
Everybody's chipping in to do their part to make this tournament successful.
I think that us three, us four have always said it's kind of been our goal to get involved,
at least in our ability to help people.
And you're so dialed in with these guys and what these guys have sacrificed and gone through that it's amazing to see them find some peace and happiness, right?
With just getting their mind off what they deal with regularly. You talked about post-traumatic stress and things like that.
They get to be on the ice.
So the ability, I think, for you to watch them really get competitive and care and just basically forget about some of the issues they battle every day must mean so much to you yeah you know we have some guys this weekend will be
their very first hockey game oh really yeah and it's it's great they come they don't know how to
skate and uh they work their butt off and it's just it's just wonderful to see them improve
over the the years we practice every week, even during the summertime. It's beautiful, 95 degrees out.
We got the Atlantic City and the shore 45 minutes away.
We'll have 50 guys at practice.
Without a doubt, it's great.
And it's expanded to different cities now
because you guys have kind of created this like a business model
in order to help other areas in different cities grow
and create their own teams and eventually travel
and meet up and
play yeah there's 38 teams 38 warrior programs throughout the u.s and some of those centers like
st louis is tremendous we we were really instrumental in helping them start their
program they have four teams how many nhl teams had like the flyers and the blues how many other
teams or is it just random it's just kind of random uh the the blues are big supporters as
is the blues alumni and uh because they kind of followed our our model the flyers are 100 behind
the the warriors the alumni uh we're we're all over it we uh we support them uh through coming
to practice and so on but we also support them financially in a big way and so st louis followed our model and it's been wonderful but it would be my hope as this program continues to grow and grow
and grow that each nhl team would adopt or adapt uh this model that that works and embrace a warrior
team so there can be uh you know a phoenix team we talked about that on the phone the other
day when we introduced ourselves that you know there could be an la team and so you just right
across the the u.s and uh so that would be my long-term vision of this this whole warrior
program just one more answer that we need is the why it's it's like you talked about the the locker
room environment and you know what they experienced going overseas or wherever they had to go in order to fight for their country.
Why is it so important to create this environment for them?
Well, they're missing a lot.
And, you know, you guys talked to other players and you guys went through it.
What do you miss?
What do you miss?
The dressing room.
The dressing room, the guys, the dressing room.
The dressing room is a powerful, powerful thing.
And we've used the dressing room to bring these guys together.
None of them knew each other.
It's not like they were best buddies.
Hey, let's go join a hockey team.
You know, they came to the team.
They walked in the dressing room.
I refer to it as your first day of school or when you get traded
and you walk into that dressing room for the first time.
It's nerve-wracking.
And so these guys all walked into the dressing room the first time,
and now they're best buddies.
They're wives.
We have a  I don't want to call it a wives club because that kind of sounds cheesy,
but the wives get together just like the players get together.
So, you know, when they get out of the military
and they go live in suburbia, wherever that may be,
they're not going to talk to their neighbor about what they just experienced.
And now with the dressing room, now they have like-minded people to share their experiences
with share their problems with their troubles with and then as i like to tell people that
the dress room then flows over into the parking lot because we have tailgate parties all the time
and you know we have a tailgate the barbecues are set up the tents are set up the games are set up
play pens because the kids are all there and running around.
We have daycare.
We have daycare at every one of our practices so nobody has to miss practice because we have a lot of single parents.
And nobody has to miss practice.
Or they bring their kids to practice so mom or dad can have some time alone in the house.
So it's great.
Yeah, kind of like the NHL, an excuse to go out and grab drinks with the guys right perfect and you and you did mention the the wives aspect it's also for them
to be able to communicate communicate together because of what they're going through when their
husbands come back over and you know you know it's it's different right yeah for that even them to
communicate to other other other women out there who haven't experienced that there's they're not
like-minded like like you said.
Yeah, because most people don't wake up in the middle of the night
with a nightmare or the terrors.
And I've heard a lot of the stories.
You just shake your head.
And so now, like you just said, the wives have somebody in common
that they can share stories with.
And so the program, and I like to say we're improving lives
of not just the players that are part of the Warriors,
but we're improving lives of the whole family unit through the sport of hockey.
And it's been so much fun.
And I look forward to going to every practice.
And I skate the crap out of them, too.
It's awesome.
I know you're giving it to them all.
I bring out my Mike Keenan.
Bob Kelly, who comes out to the practice, he busts my chop all the time.
And Mike Keenan's back.
Mike Keenan's back.
But anyhow, they love it.
They just eat it all up.
That would be the only practice where half the guys don't show up.
Normally, every guy wants the ice time.
They're like, oh, Keenan's coming?
No, we're good.
Yeah.
What kind of mood is Brad in today?
Yeah.
Awesome.
Given that they wear the Flyers logo, there must be some fights.
No? Well, it's interesting because, you know,
all these guys have a minimum of a 10 disability.
Some have more.
But we're all standing disabled, and so there's no limbs.
It's not sled hockey.
And so, unfortunately, most of their disability is from the shoulders up.
So there's a lot of switches there that go off.
The referee is bad, just like in any hockey game.
You're not telling me bad calls, they're losing.
Oh, really?
Guys, guys, hold on to your boys.
Yeah, the first tournament we went to.
So we got together in 218, our first practice.
Then we had the big press conference
where we welcomed the team.
And it was really cool.
We skated through the summer, and then we had a training camp. And I had it set up just like an nhl training camp chuck fletcher and the flyers
were great we mimicked everything they did i even had my buddies come in and do fit testing with the
bikes and they you know blood work and all that it was awesome it was awesome and then the best
part about the training camp was uh uh the Flyers trainers washed their underwear.
Like some of their underwear has been in their bag for a year, for heaven's sakes.
And they got the royal treatment.
And then the Flyers, we had our very first exhibition game before the Flyers' first exhibition game of that season.
So it was really cool.
We were playing on the Flyers ice and we played uh
played a team from washington and we won and then we set up another game and we won that game so
everything was going pretty good we go to vegas uh for the warrior classic which we're hosting this
weekend and we get behind two nothing in the first game and then a little chirping starts on the
bench and i'm like geez, what's going on here?
Then the referee just started calling every damn penalty in the book.
And our guys flipped.
Like they were yelling at each other, yelling at the referee, yelling at me.
But the switch went off.
It was unbelievable.
Call timeout, timeout.
What the hell's going on here, boys?
I don't recognize anything here.
So anyhow, we calmed down.
We won the game.
And we spent the weekend.
And we still continue to talk about it as controlling our temper on the ice
because we're here to play hockey.
And as you guys know, I've never once seen a referee change his mind.
Oh, Kerry Frazier does a lot of that.
Toronto does that now.
You got him on the pot.
Yeah.
But anyhow, and then I must add, too, we won the championship, too. So it was cool. At that first tournament. At that first add too we won the championship too so it's cool that
first turn the first tournament we won the championship in our tier so we were in uh i
think tier three but anyway we won the championship to win it in either yeah well we had a good time
we went into a bar forget we're like betman we're gonna need more than that 50k budget yeah yeah
exactly we go into that we're that ball service? Shit. We were in the Hard Rock, the hotel there in Vegas,
and we're in one of their bars,
and they have this thing that kind of looks like a Stanley Cup.
And we asked, can you take that down and why?
And so they take it down, and the bartender says,
it hasn't been down in 25 years.
There's dust and dirty in it.
We just blew the dust out.
We filled it up with beer and
we were all drinking out of it oh my goodness gracious what a time we had a great time yeah
yeah we actually had the pleasure of meeting one of your players a few years back uh devin richio
yeah philadelphia great guy i've had a friendship with him since so yeah great guy is he was he one
of your captains i think well yeah he's one of our captains this year fight he's firefighter in town
here great guy yeah great guy he's a sharps in town here. Great guy. Yeah. Great guy.
He's a sharpshooter in the military.
Can't hit the damn net.
It's unbelievable.
I said, Richie, what the hell are you doing out there?
Like, hit the net, buddy.
Try to give him a shout.
He got sued.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Well, we talked about you want to get into this.
Well, I was just going to say, yeah, it's amazing that you're keeping yourself busy in your post career.
One of the reasons why we want to get you on over 1,000 games.
Surprisingly, you didn't get your silver stick at the time, though.
And that ended up happening years later.
So we wanted to get you on to talk about your entire career.
A lot of fascinating things.
So I guess I'll let R.A. kick it all off.
I mean, we always thought at the beginning, and I look at your HockeyDB, the London Knights,
they weren't even the OHL yet.
It was still the OHA.
How crazy were 1970s juniors game in Canada?
You still made more money playing for that team than you did for the juniors.
Oh, stop.
Yeah, yeah.
No, the Hunters weren't the coaches in the G.L.
Yeah.
Well, back in those days, Howard Darwin owned the London Knights, but he also owned the
Ottawa 67s, and we were two rivals, and both places were packed all the time.
We played in the finals the one time.
He must have wanted one of the teams to do better than the other, right?
I don't know what it was, but I remember playing,
and we were making a push to finish strong playoffs and all that.
We got 2 a hit, 2 a body check,
and they'd pay right after the game
with two dollar bill in canada they don't have it anymore and so after the game he'd give out the
two dollar bill to how many hits man we were aggressive team even though even the chicken
that's how you became a home defenseman yeah i would have had to pay the coach yeah and uh now
it was uh it was uh it was pretty was pretty wild times.
I'm from London, Ontario, so back in those days,
each junior team could protect the six players within their region.
Oh, really?
And so, you know, the one year they protected was myself, Rob Ramage,
Patty Riggin, and we had a good squad there in London.
We never won the championships.
Ottawa beat us, for heaven's sake.
But it was good.
So it was really neat playing in front of my hometown.
But London Knights is a great logo.
One of the historic crests in junior hockey.
I was going to ask, what was the most you made in one game from hits?
Oh, I can't remember.
Any double-digit?
Yeah, and then we used to stop at McDonald's on a road trip for the game,
and you'd come off, and Bill Long was the coach.
I don't know if you know Bill Long, but he was 95 years old when he coached us.
He was aging, and he'd sit up at the front, and we'd all get a 2 bill.
2 bills were big back in junior, and we'd walk off, and he'd give us a 2 bill,
and you'd go in, and you'd get the Big the big mac small fries and a soda for the two bucks and just sit just handing them to you as
you guys walk off yeah but i haven't had a big mac since for heaven's sakes and and never spent
time in the ahl did you ever play in the minors no i was fortunate i was drafted by the atlanta
flames and uh you know they were in need of defensemen at the time, so I went right from junior, and it was a 20-year-old draft back then.
Really?
And so you were a young man when you got drafted at 20,
and sometimes, I mean, I know they're 18, and legally they've got to be drafted,
but if you look at the draft years when it was a 20-year-old draft,
the vast majority of first-round picks played.
Oh, that two years is big.
There was no missing.
Yeah, yeah.
That two years is big.
They had a two-year development to watch them,
and they ended up coming into the players that they thought they were going to be.
Yeah, and now you're drafting a kid at 18,
and you look through the draft rosters,
and there's more players that do not make it than make it.
Quickly going back to OHA, how many teams were in the league back then?
Were you seeing a lot of the same guys usually?
Yeah, I can't remember.
I'd have to really think about it.
But, you know, our longest road trip was up to Sudbury and Sault Ste. Marie,
which was a great  the old Sault Ste. Marie.
You go to Sudbury and they have a Wolf, Sudbury Wolves.
They still had it when I was playing.
Oh, really?
And the Wolf would go across the top?
Yeah.
Wait, what do you mean?
They had like a taxidermied wolf
and it was in one of the corners
and there was a zip line
that would go to the middle of the ring.
And when they would score,
they'd have like the wolf noise
and this thing would like,
on the rusty track line all the way out.
Get it for the coyotes, Biz.
Yeah.
Oh, yeah. Yeah.
And then in Sault Ste. Marie,
because I played that old building too,
but they've gotten a new one now, but it almost looked like it slanted in. I don't know if that
was a construction error. It was sinking, I think.
Yeah.
But anyway, that was our longest road trip, and
we had a lot of fun on
the road trips there back in junior, and
we had a good team. We had a really good team in the road trips there back in junior.
We had a good team.
We had a really good team in London.
You talked about your coach.
Was Brian Kilray by chance the coach?
He was coaching in Ottawa, yeah, another legendary coach.
He was there that long?
He was a young buck then, I guess, when he was coaching at that time.
Yeah.
He's a good guy, too.
He's still alive, luckily and thankfully, but he's a good guy.
A lot of players love playing for Bryant.
What was it like being coached by a 95-year-old? Well, I was in jest.
I don't know how we all
He's only 91.
Yeah, so I started playing junior at 14, and you come in,
and then it's like your great-grandpa's coaching the team, for heaven's sakes.
But Bill Long put a lot of players in the NHL. Yeah. put a lot of players in the nhl yeah a lot of
oh yeah i'm not taking that away i just think at a certain point it was funny i remember um so i i
played junior see in london um uh howard owned the the the squires london squires same crest they
were the junior b team then the london knights it was the junior A team, same crest. Then the London Kings, which was the senior team.
Back in the day, senior hockey would pack the building
just as much as junior hockey was.
It was unbelievably good hockey.
And what are all those guys just not  what's senior hockey?
They're not pros, right?
I think it was guys who finished playing pro and they just came back home.
It was still very competitive and they had
They still have senior league.
Yeah.
I don't think  they used to get paid pretty decent yeah well back in the day when it was a six team league
uh the senior hockey loop was very strong because a lot of players uh opted not to play in the nhl
because they would play for a senior team in london and they'd have an unbelievable job in
london and then also play for the London. Yeah.
Double dipping.
And my junior B coach,
Ted power was his name and he was a tough son of a gun.
But I remember reading about him that he was deemed at the time,
the best player outside of the NHL,
but he chose not to play in the NHL because he got a job with,
with London hydro.
And,
you know,
over the years,
he ended up being the president of London Hydro
and it worked out good for him.
It just goes to show where salaries were at
in the NHL at that time too, right?
Exactly.
You ended up getting drafted, he mentioned, by Atlanta.
What was your
signing bonus like?
I made 55,000
my first year as a first round pick.
11th overall, 55,000.
And, hey, I thought I was on cloud nine, and you've heard that before.
But that's what the salaries were back then.
I went 55,000, 75,000, 85,000 in my first three years.
But, you know, going from a hockey hotbed of London, Canada, and going to Atlanta when Friday Night Football outdrew us and so on and so on, it was quite an eye-opener.
That's what I was going to ask.
I mean, hockey couldn't stick to this century, so what was it like 40 years ago?
I mean, it must have been foreign to those people.
Well, the misconception, we had good fans.
Was there enough of them?
I'm not sure, but we never won in Atlanta.
We had good teams, especially for an expansion team.
But we finished fifth, sixth overall in the league in 78, my first year.
But they never won a playoff round.
And it doesn't matter what sport you're playing.
If you don't win, you're not going to win over that fringe crowd.
And so Nelson Scalbania walked into the owner's
office 1980 we lost to the rangers he said i want to buy your team and no it's not for sale well yes
it is and so he bought it everything is yeah he bought it for 16 million dollars back then back
then and we moved to calgary so uh so you must have been kind of fired up at that point though
right yeah i was can, get some fans.
Yeah, it was pretty cool.
We were the toast of the town, as you could imagine.
The Calgary Stampede, we were the honorary.
I go up there to the Stampede, they give me a horse.
I'm riding around Calgary in a horse.
Like Johnny Goudreau on the Gucci loafers.
Yeah.
And I had cowboy boots on, though.
Good for you.
Johnny wore Gucci high tops.
No, I thought he had.
Didn't he have the Kanye West shoes on?
Oh, did he?
Maybe that was the second year he rode it.
Year one, he had the matching Gucci belt with the Gucci shoes.
But we were welcomed with open arms in Calgary,
and we had a really good year that year.
Our record was 25 wins, 5 losses, and 5 ties.
It was a 70-game season at that time.
And it was unbelievable, like that record.
Did you ever play in the old corral?
No, but I want to say that we ended up having a practice day
where we had to go practice there because the saddle dome was taken.
Yeah, and it looked like it was built for like a horse race.
The boards were like this big.
Yeah, if you got hit hard, your head was banging off the corner of the board.
We had little Bobby Lalonde on our team, one of the smallest players to ever play.
He was like 5'2 or whatever.
At that time, too.
Yeah, and he just kind of came up to the top of the boards,
and there was a three-tiered bench.
I don't know if you looked at the bench when you were practicing there.
It's a three-tiered bench.
And so you got on the bench, and, you know,
nowadays even you get the shuffle going on the bench.
If you're in the wrong place.
Squeeze right, squeeze right.
Yeah, if you're on the wrong, if you get on the other side of the door,
the coach never seems to find you again.
You must know what that's about.
Shut up, Marshall, you fucker.
We're getting comfortable here already.
You're fucking throwing jabs at me.
I love this shit.
But anyhow, if you got on the third tier in the bench in the corral there,
you never got on the ice.
And if he did call your name, you couldn't get on because you had to step, step,
but then you had to hop over these high boards.
But anyhow, we had a big tough time.
As long as you had an usher who could bring you a nice hot dog and some popcorn
and make you a cold brew, you'd be good.
Best seat in the house.
I was going to ask you, so when you sign,
normally, like players nowadays, they always treat
themselves. It's usually a vehicle.
Did you end up buying yourself a nice vehicle
when you signed? We got that horse
from Stampede.
You signed in Atlanta, you clown.
Yeah. Well, I, you clown. Yeah.
Well, I bought my parents a cruise.
They always wanted to go on a cruise, so they went on the cruise.
I bought a few other things, but I bought  I had the big van going. The vans were big back then, and the shag.
Conversion van?
Yeah, shag.
Like a big Winnebago?
Oh, no, no, no.
The van had the railroad.
Yeah, with the flames on the side like in the movie Old School
when they end up kidnapping the guy?
No, it wasn't quite that bad, but it had a refrigerator in it.
So this is 1978.
It had the best stereo system with the cassettes.
Slide it in and away you go the lights
and the thing and leather uh ceiling and and custom license plates saying the love bug oh i
didn't have the custom love uh the custom license plates but anyhow i had the big shagging wagon
yeah well the vans are rocking yeah that's anyhow uh so i had the van and uh but i was a pretty pretty simple guy so anyhow
that's all you probably got good use of it though you take it on like road trips in the
summertime with the boys and stuff yeah but well from atlanta back home and then uh you know so
hey that's what i always wanted my we as a family growing up we always had the big long van to go
to all the
sports all the tournaments and all that kind of stuff and and so on and so i i got a little modern
version of the family van when i signed my contract was your dad who taught you the game
you know no my dad never played really and nor my mom and then they really weren't athletic but
in canada as you know everybody plays hockey and you know, we had a pond down the corner,
and my dad did build a rink in the front yard.
And so we played in the front yard or we went down to the corner.
And you just fell in love.
Yeah, and my brothers played.
And, you know, quite often you'd be playing outside with all your buddies.
And, you know, if you went to an  and to go to the organized practice.
I don't want to go to practice.
I'm playing here.
But, you know, that's a different way, you know, a different way of life.
But that's what we did.
Road hockey in the summer, ice hockey in the winter.
When R.A. mentioned off the jump that you were a stay-at-home defenseman,
in junior were you a little more offensive?
Were you always a guy who was a defensive shutdown guy?
Or did you have to change your game a little bit when you got to the show?
Well, you know, in junior, you kind of time out.
You know, you're the oldest guy there, so you do get some points.
And so, I mean, I did have points.
I did score.
I had a lot of assists.
But I was always a good defensive player.
And then when you get to the NHL you kind of you you go to your strengths
and that was my strength and you know when you get to the nhl there's a lot of skilled players there
and so the the power play time's not there where you kind of get it in junior by default because
you're the old guy on the team so you knew when you got to that next level that's how you were
going to make your bones yeah but i But I must admit, because people always, would you change anything?
I'm like, I really wouldn't change anything,
but I would work on some of my skills better now if I were to do it over again.
One, the shot.
You and me both, Marcia.
Yeah.
But, you know, you just get so focused on playing and what you do best.
Yeah.
I mean, it did work for me, but.
I had a couple quick ones.
How many players were wearing helmets
when you broke into the league?
Not many.
And the players that did wear a helmet,
they were referred to as a chicken shit.
You know, he's got a helmet on.
So you were wearing one with the London Knights and the OHA.
So when you first started and you first get to training camp,
Take it off.
You just went no dome?
No.
Funny, when I went to training camp, of course,
the trainer, you have your equipment,
they just assumed coming from junior you would continue to wear a helmet.
So I wore a helmet in training camp.
I wore a helmet.
There's a couple rare, very rare pictures of me with a helmet on.
But there was always something in the back and
take it off take it off like i wanted to be like the guys that i watched on tv toronto maple leafs
alan stanley bobby bond and tim horton i wanted to be like them so i took it off and and it stayed
off and uh you know and a funny story is 19 uh whatever the year was, 86.
I don't know.
Hey, it was the night Ron Hexdahl scored.
So you can Google that.
When did Hexie score?
Against the Bruins?
Against the Bruins, yeah.
So that game, I was racing for the puck.
And you know where the benches come together in the middle
and the glass comes together.
It's like a 90-degree angle.
It's changed now.
Like, it's arc now.
Since Pacioretty and Chara. That's when they changed when they changed it yeah well they should have changed it after me in 86 for
heaven's sakes but uh but anyhow i was racing for the puck and i always like to point it out i was
racing cam neely and ray bork to the puck i won the race everyone thought i was such a slow skater
but i won the race and but when i got there i went crashing
into the boards i hit my head right here split wide open then i fell back on the ice and hit
my head here like not colder than a peacock blood everywhere that spectrum was just was dead silent
and uh so they get me on the stretcher i'm bleeding and and i gave it the hulk hogan going
on before i got i gave it this one oh they fucking probably went oh yeah yeah i'm bleeding and and i gave it the hulk hogan going on before i got on i gave it this one
oh they probably went oh yeah yeah i went crazy and so but here's a twist to that story is
my wife was at home uh expecting our second child at the time and nobody called her no cell phones
back then and so no one had a quarter or dime whatever it was to put it in the in a pay phone
to the call and so anyhow the neighbor kid come over and says uh my mom and dad said you might And so no one had a quarter or a dime, whatever it was, to put it in a pay phone to call.
And so, you know, the neighbor kid come over and says, my mom and dad said you might need a babysitter.
So then she hightailed it.
She come down to the hospital.
But I was okay, ended up fine.
But I'm sitting in the hospital, and the doctor come in and said, Ron Hextall just scored.
I'm giving, like, I'm really messed up, man.
What the hell are you telling me? Hextall just scored. I'm really messed up, man. What the hell are you telling me?
Hextall just scored?
And so anyhow, I missed a couple games, major severe concussion,
and then I put a helmet on for the rest of the season that year.
And so that would have been an 87-88 season.
And looking back, I came back way too early and keenan was the coach and he was starting to bench me because he said i wasn't playing good
and i thought i was but now that we all know a little bit more about concussions i came back way
too early you know i missed a couple days but during that time i had the helmet on maybe it was payback i don't know i was never
hit so many times with high sticks elbows hits from behind so the following season um i ended
up in toronto the the flyers thought that my career was done because of the concussion all
that they they let me go on the waivers and usually when you when you're a waiver bait your
your career is done.
So then I got picked up by Toronto, which was really good
because that was my team growing up.
It was pretty cool.
And I said to my wife, I just want to make sure you're okay with it.
I'm going to take the helmet off because I got hit too many times last year.
So I took the helmet off.
I'm not hit again.
There's no more cheap shots, no more hits from behind, no nothing.
So I played the rest of my career without a helmet. helmet off I'm not hit again there's no more cheap shots no more hits from behind no nothing so
I played the rest of my career without a helmet well it it sounds crazy but a lot of guys have
said like people had more respect they were more aware of their sticks of the hitting when there
was no helmets it sounds completely like counterintuitive but I guess with the game being
a little slower there is some sort of argument that people knew what they were doing when there was guys with no helmets on, right?
Like, in terms of, like, you see college hockey, they got cages on and they're just animals
running around killing each other.
So, I mean, obviously, at some point, it had to change.
Same with the shoulder pads.
They say guys wouldn't hit as hard because if you hit a guy hard and they used to have,
like, it was like paper mache.
So, you'd be feeling it just as much as the next
guy exactly yeah and then like two little funny odd stories with regards to helmets like so i have
four kids and they played the stick hockey down in the basement and the mini sticks and all that
never problem it was a great babysitting tool kids go down play hockey and then you could do
whatever the heck you wanted and santa cla brings them helmets for Christmastime,
and they go down to play.
Next, I'm down there breaking up a stick fight.
Never happened before because they respected each other.
They put a helmet on.
This is cool.
Clunk, clunk, clunk, hitting each other back and forth.
And then I mentioned shinny hockey before.
You go to the pond, there is 20, 30, 40 people playing on the pond
of all shapes and sizes, ages, skill ability,
they wear no equipment.
They just play shinny hockey.
There's never a problem.
But you put the equipment on, as you said, they feel invincible,
and they start running everybody all the time.
So I don't know what the answer is.
Let's go back to no helmets.
I like it.
Yeah.
And then go back to small shoulder pads.
Let's do it.
Smoking between periods, too.
Yeah, hacking darts.
There's another eye opener there.
You must have had some smokers on the team, too.
Oh, like in junior, you never see it.
You never see it.
And you get to Atlanta, the NHL, and there's Bobby McMillan after warm-up in between periods.
There's five, six, seven guys that are out having a cigarette
and going, what the heck is that?
I played with a guy named Scott Hotham,
and his father played with the Penguins,
and he said when he first started playing in the NHL,
there was more guys who were smoking on the team than not,
so the guys who weren't smoking had to get out of the locker room.
Oh, really?
Yeah, it was just kind of like guys would do it.
It was a thing.
They're like, pussy.
The other quick one I was going to ask you,
although we talked for 20 minutes after my first one,
was when you originally moved back to Canada with the Calgary Flames.
I know you played in London.
Was that your first experience of all of a sudden you're the talk of the town
and like, I don't want to say paparazzi,
but just like this high expectation of delivering to win and everybody knowing who you were yeah it I gotta admit too it was neat like it was cool to be back and be the talk of the town
and everybody knew who you were and because it was such animinity down in in Atlanta like no one knew
who you were.
And that's maybe why we never won a playoff round.
Because, you know, if you failed, you could go home and forget about it and nobody ever held you accountable.
I'm not saying that, you know, you wanted to be like the crazy media in Toronto,
Montreal, where they pick everything apart and follow you around everywhere.
But it was neat to be back in a canadian city where hockey was all that
mattered yeah and you know you go anywhere they got the the flames jersey on or the canucks jersey
whatever canadian city it was really neat to be back um how did the move to philly end up going
down like were you surprised shocked happy what was the whole ordeal in terms of you getting traded
or signing i don't know how you ended up well flyer. Well, I'll never forget it.
I guess most guys are traded.
I cried like a baby.
It hit me like a ton of bricks.
I was captain of the team, Calgary Flames.
Yeah, that's tough.
So I was always at the dressing room early and all that stuff.
And the trainer said, Bearcat, that was the trainer.
The old-time trainers were great.
They had no medical experience.
You were the head trainer?
No, I did stitches.
So make sure you got a six-pack waiting in the stall, though, I'll tell you.
But Bearcat, and it's all Cliff wants to see it.
So I go in and sit down to Cliff.
I thought he was going to talk about the team or whatever.
We've traded you.
And I was shocked. Even though there was some rumblings
not so much of me but we had a lot of injuries that second year in calgary in the center corpse
and uh philadelphia had a lot of injuries on the blue line bob daly if you remember the count that
was the the big bob daly six foot six or seven or whatever he broke his his ankle career ended
ankle injury and so
they needed defensemen they had extra centermen so the deal was captain for captain me for mel
bridgman and uh so i away from calgary i go down to the city of brotherly love and uh 82 what
years 81 81 yeah actually what's the date today? Well, November 11th, Veterans Day, I was traded in 81.
Is it 40 years?
Is that the first and only time captains have ever been traded?
It happened recently, and I forget who it was.
I know.
I was brushing up on you.
I saw that captain.
I can't remember who it was.
It was recent?
It was in the last 10 years or so.
Well, we'll get G on it.
We'll get G on it.
Unless you guys just want to sit here for five minutes in silence while the fans.
No, it ends up being four hours.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Another five-hour pod.
Yeah.
Off to Philadelphia.
And I must admit, and no disrespect to the Flames organization,
but the minute I walked into the Flyers dressing room, I knew it was different.
You know, Bobby Clark and Bill Barber.
And, you know, the list goes on and on.
It was just a different attitude.
Mr. Snyder was the owner of the team, as you guys know.
It was just different.
Was he like Jerry Jones?
Would he come down ever and, you know, talk to the guys?
Or did you never see him?
No, he was at every home game, and he came in the dressing room,
shook her hand, and thanked us for our effort.
Wow.
Win, lose, or draw, every game he was in.
Wow.
And it impressed me so much, and I've coached a ton of minor,
well, if you count the Warriors team, I'm in the 22 teams that I've coached
since I've retired, minor hockey and so on and so on, competitive.
That's one thing I still do is I shake everyone's hand after the game.
Thank you.
Thank you.
It was so impressive that Mr. Snyder did that.
He never come in and rant and raved and yelled and screamed, you guys are this, I'm going to do this and this.
Come in and thanked us for our effort every game.
No 2 bills, though.
No.
No 2 bills, though. No.
No 2.
It's crazy to think that that was six years after their most recent cup,
I believe, 75, and it's nuts to think they still don't have one,
but you must have been so kind of amazed at the culture there.
You mentioned Bobby Clark and these guys and the Broad Street Bullies.
You're expected to play a certain way that right when you got into that locker room you could tell, all right, this is a little bit of a step up from the Flames organization at that time.
Yeah.
Yeah.
I didn't lift a weight or do anything extra until I got to Philadelphia.
Like back in those days, summer was summer and training camp was where you lost 10, 15
pounds.
And so I had not lifted a weight to done anything until uh traded to philadelphia
they had pat croce who was the first physical fitness full-time um um trainer for an nhl team
he paul holmgren knew him and uh they used to train a couple guys in the side then then homer
brought him into the team and it was great holm like, I want to ask about so many of those teammates you had.
But that guy, oh, my.
Even when he was, you know, GM, guys are just so intimidated by him.
So when he was playing, it must have been a different story, right?
He was mean.
Just scary guy when he's getting pissed off.
Yeah, he was mean and a great guy.
And, like, so many tough guys are just great guys.
But he was mean.
So back to the
trade from from calgary to philly the year before i said that flames never won a playoff round when
we beat chicago and then in the second round we played philadelphia and uh we went seven games
the seventh game was right here in the in the spectrum and uh what a tough series it was, and we won. But my responsibility during the playoffs was every time Homer was on the ice,
me and him, we had a lot of battles, man, a lot of battles.
And so they told me afterwards, the playoffs against the Flyers,
they thought that I'd be a better Flyer than a Flame.
And so Keith Allen, the GM at at the time made the trade for myself from
mel that's where he saw it he said we gotta bring this guy in yeah yeah so so it worked out good
when you got there pat quinn oh pat quinn was the coach then it went to bob mccammon
and then mike keenan came in yeah experience it all there yeah i want to go back to your
captaincy you were a 22 year old captain in calgary was there any apprehension on taking that on were you all gung-ho about it what was what was
that experience like i was pretty gung-ho um i was captain of my junior teams i was captain in my
minor hockey teams and all that kind of stuff and so i'm very proud to say that i was captain or
assistant captain of every team that i played on and And so I welcomed it. And it was neat.
And I'm waiting for all their parties to happen.
So the first captain of the Calgary Flames,
and I get a free trip out to Calgary, a few beers when I'm there.
Maybe they'll give me a horse again.
I don't know.
But Calgary's a great place to go.
Their alumni there is tremendous.
And so we have four kids, and one of our kids lives in Calgary.
So it's neat to go out and do some Flames alumni stuff.
And, of course, I get to see him.
Do you have to adapt at all to such a veteran room,
being a captain in the previous spot?
No.
What I realized, I had a lot to learn.
And, you know, the big thing, when I came to Philly, we had Cooperalls.
Remember them damn Cooperalls?
Oh, my God.
That wasn't a thing in Calgary?
No.
They were the only team in the away.
Vancouver, too?
Hartford Whalers.
Yeah.
Why?
Was it cheaper?
What was the thought?
They thought it was going to reduce injuries, but it didn't.
And I hated them.
Oh, my God.
Yeah.
I hated them because you would slide on the ice because I was a shot blocker.
And so your timing was based on your socks.
And back in then, we had these woolen socks, not like the nylon mesh fabric they have now.
And so you would stick to the ice and you'd block a shot.
Well, the first couple games I'd go to block a shot,
and I'm just sliding right through.
I'm ducking the shot because it's not hitting me in the body.
But I had a lot to learn.
Clarkie was unbelievable to play with.
And, you know, I won't go into the whole deal,
but a cool story about Clarkie and blah, blah, blah.
Everyone goes through ups and downs during the NHL career.
I played good, and then I wasn't playing so good in Philly,
and I was losing ice time.
And if you're a professional athlete, the worst thing that can happen to you
is you take your ice time away or take field time away from you.
So I was used to playing 20, 25 minutes, and then I was going in reverse.
Then it's harder to play.
Then you're a benchwarmer, and, of course, it's the coach's fault.
How can he not be playing me?
But in actuality, it was my fault.
And I asked Clarkie one day, what do you do?
Like, what's the magic sauce?
And, you know, he thought about it, and he says, you know, Brad,
I've never had a bad practice.
And that hit me like a ton of bricks because we all work hard in a game.
Like, games are easy.
Yeah, we can work hard.
But the hard thing is to work hard and practice all the time.
So I started following him around.
I'm just a young kid.
He was 34 at the time. I couldn't keep up to him. And so that's when the light bulb went on for me.
Maybe I should listen to Pat Croce and maybe I should take a page out of Bobby Clark's book
and not have any bad practices, no days off. And so that's when the light bulb, yes, I was a captain
and yes, I was a good leader, I think.
But I didn't understand what it took to be a top notch stay at home NHL defenseman.
Bobby Clark, you talk about a rock star.
What was it like tailing around with him in this town back then?
Oh, it was.
You know, what's neat is when we have alumni events and then the stories are basically all the same in the dressing room.
But then as you have a few beers, then the 70s guys get together and start telling stories and the 80 guys start telling stories.
But the stories from old time hockey are priceless.
And like, I think we can all agree the modern day athlete is pampered, spoiled, catered to.
There's so much money now.
Yeah, it's just way different.
Yeah, and so back in the day, like we flew commercial.
You know, you got a middle seat, and, you know, you're sitting like this from,
you know, from Vancouver to Toronto, and like, oh, my goodness.
Two goals the night before.
Choking on smoke for your teammates.
And this is the worst part.
They had a smoking.
Remember the smoking section?
Oh, 14A.
Yeah.
That's the smoking section.
On the planes.
Yeah, on the planes.
As if the smoke knew.
Yeah, yeah, exactly.
Stop.
Right when it hit row 16.
And so, anyhow, I look back, and we flew commercial.
We had so much fun in the airports.
We weren't allowed to drink in the airports.
Why?
Because did one time get out of hand?
So they type on you.
Yeah, we used to.
You would have drank all the booze in the airport.
We used to love the layovers in Chicago because it was such a big airport.
You could find a bar, and there'd be no coaches around.
And the rookie always had to stand at the front of the bar and give the hands up oh
coach is coming oh down your beers back to the waters but we used to be in the airport and we'd
have put a dollar bill on a string and you guys bend over to pick it up you pull it away like we
had so much fun in the airports man alive shit the old shit dollar yeah yeah man alive and think
back and and uh so anyhow good you know what they were doing uh in my time they were when we were Man alive. The old shit dollar? Yeah, yeah. Man alive. I think back.
So, anyhow, good times. You know what they were doing in my time when we were playing the American League?
They would glue the toonies to the floor so that people would be trying to pick them up.
Yeah.
Just stand there nonstop.
What other pranks were guys doing?
Because that was the age of where guys were doing the craziest shit to stay entertained because there was no phones around there's nothing around and
i shake my head i hear the stories of the modern day athletes and they play what's the game they
play um which one on the phone video games no video get xbox the one's the big one that they
play fortnight fortnight and all that kind of stuff and some of them they buy it they go into
the city they buy a tv and they just leave it oh yeah like what the hell is that let's fuck you money oh my goodness
yeah jesus murphy that's not 85 000 signing bonuses so we had to entertain ourselves and
you know the team after every practice the team went for lunch sometimes it's turned into dinner
but uh we just had so much fun well you there was a there was a famous restaurant
slash bar that you guys would always attend and didn't during i don't know if it was during your
tenure at one point it ended up burning down you guys ended up wearing these armbands it was rexies
right across the bridge it was rexies it was the famous uh the the you know a lot of the guys lived
in jersey so they wanted to after game, they wanted to get out.
And I always tell people, if you want to find a hockey player,
especially an old one, first bar on the left.
Like, you leave and just check the first bar.
There's going to be players in there.
And so Rexie's was a fabulous place, and the guys hung out there.
It was mobbed on the Stanley Cup.
They had to close the bridge down uh because
people were just migrating across walking across the bridge to go to rexy's and there's pictures
there's thousands and thousands of people around rexy's and uh it's still there new owner it's
still there i stopped by have a few beers and they got great pizza great wings and uh i actually so
we started started going there i uh i proposed to my wife at Rex's.
It's such a romantic spot.
I handed one of those wings, honey, and here's your ring.
Yeah.
A couple free pictures.
That's the only reason I'm doing it here.
I got a promo going on.
But anyhow, yeah, Rex's is a good spot.
And then in L.A., you guys are too young.
You never went to the Melody Lounge.
No.
No, and it was right by the old L.A. farm.
Once again, because of curfew, you always went to the closest bar so you could get home.
You could have one last and you can get home quick.
Melody Lounge.
What was curfew then?
That was enforced?
Yeah, that's bullshit.
On the road? Yeah, it's bullshit. On the road?
Yeah, it was enforced often.
They checked the rooms and stuff?
Yeah, yeah.
Wow.
I remember in junior, go back to Bill Long.
Me and my buddy Dean Hopkins, we played junior.
He was drafted by L.A.
And one of those things, everyone always asks about your buddies from NHL.
But I'm still very close to a lot of my junior friends
because you experience so much in junior hockey.
You're growing up together.
Yeah, yeah.
And so Dean Hopkins, we've stayed in touch.
He lives out on the East Coast now.
So we were in Sault Ste. Marie, and we decided curfew.
It must have been 11 o'clock or whatever, so we were late for curfew must have been 11 o'clock or whatever.
So we were late for curfew, and so we had it all figured out.
We were sneaking into the water tower inn.
That's where we were staying.
We were sneaking in.
We thought we had it licked, and we come up the back stairway onto our floor,
and here's Bill Long in his pajamas.
Oh, no.
Sitting on a chair.
He's got a chair outside our door, and he's even got one of them. You know in the on a, he's got a chair outside our door and he's even got one of them,
you know,
in the old movies.
He's got the sleeping cap on.
Yeah, but he's a Scrooge.
And he was sleeping
on the thing.
So, like,
we couldn't even tiptoe
by him
because he was right
in our door
sleeping.
Oh, sorry.
Sleeping.
He was right in our door
sleeping for heaven's sake.
So, anyhow,
there's a good,
a good curfew oh no shit yeah that's
well i so i was going to bring up during your fires days you guys ended up losing to the oilers
twice twice yeah the finals one of them was the one of the best finals ever yeah seven games yeah
well let's dive into the series in particular but i heard that you can't even watch any
championship celebration now because of like that probably that horrible feeling you had at the bottom of your stomach of losing
two times in the finals.
Yeah, I get pissed off watching.
It's just because when you play professional sport or any sport, the object is to win.
My hand was this close to the cup twice and we lost, and so I just get agitated.
So I just turned it off.
I still watch the playoffs.
I keep track of it.
But when it comes to the trophy, yeah, I just turn it off.
Especially in 87, we went seven games, and, you know, we were behind 3-1. And game five here in the Spectrum, they still say it was the loudest ever in any Philadelphia sports arena.
J.J. Daniels scored.
And the place, you know, they have all them dials, you know, the rock concert.
Yeah, the decibels.
Yeah, they turn it down, turn it down.
It was louder than any rock concert ever was in the old Spectrum there.
And then we win game six.
And I'm sorry, that was game six. We won game five and uh i'm sorry that was game six we won game
five in edmonton that was game six here and then game seven uh you know we had a lead actually in
the game and uh back in edmonton back in edmonton and uh it just it just didn't happen and i'll tell
you what to another you know so we lose and the parade was was planned and you know, so we lose. And the parade was planned. And, you know, they just, they, so we're flying back on the plane.
They ran out of beer.
It's the first time I ever drank red wine.
They ran out of beer.
So I had to have something to drink.
And so my wife picks us up at the airport.
She says, what the heck were you doing?
So all the guys, our teeth, our lips, our tongue, it's all red from drinking red wine.
Because they had ran out of beer. And I'm saying, like, what the hell were you thinking? If we win, we lips, our tongues. It's all red from drinking red wine because they had ran out of beer.
And I'm saying, like, what the hell were you thinking?
If we win, we're going to drink.
If we lose, we're going to drink.
So how could you not have enough beer?
So anyhow, we went into the red wine.
But one of the most, if you can say you had fun
after losing a Stanley Cup.
So there's a lot of bars around here open 24 hours.
And one of them was on my way home, Evergreen Lounge.
So I said to the guys, let's stop for a couple more drinks at the Evergreen Lounge.
And so my wife dropped me off there.
And a bunch of the guys were there.
Clarkie came, Homer came, Keenan came.
And so we walk into this tavern at 6 in the morning, 5 in the morning, 6 in the morning,
and all the local rubbies are in there and in walk the Flyers.
So anyhow, my wife's family, huge musical family.
She's got a huge family.
So I call up her brothers and say, get down here with your instruments.
And so by 8 o'clock in the morning at the Evergreen Tavern,
I got a live band playing.
The Flyers are in there.
Kenan's in there.
We're all laughing, joking.
Even cricket since the game ended.
Yeah.
Kitchen wasn't open yet, so we ordered as soon as the pizza place
or we ordered pizza in.
Oh, we had a great time.
Great time laughing and joking.
And, of course, in the back of our mind, we were drowning our sorrows
because we just lost.
Yeah.
So when you  I mean, you lose to these Oilers teams.
I think the best team, sorry to interrupt, I think the best team,
no disrespect to the Montreal Canadiens,
but I think the Oilers of the 80s were the best team ever.
Oh, that's what I was going to say.
Before that series or both those series, like, what is the game,
what are you saying about what do we do against Gretzky, Messier?
Like, how are you guys approaching playing?
Like, the greatest to ever do it in in his prime too yeah um it was uh you know they changed the
way the game of hockey was and you know just glenn say their power play okay gretzky messier curry
coffee um somebody else just jump and be the other defenseman.
It was unbelievable.
And the talent that they had.
I think they have seven Hall of Famers, if I'm not mistaken.
And we have one from that team.
Mark Howell finally got in a couple years ago.
But no, it was a great team.
And the skill that they had.
I remember when they first started wheeling and dealing,
their practices were intimidating to watch.
You'd be standing there.
Because back in the early days, our game was up and down.
And dump it in, and then you chase, you bang, you crash.
But, you know, then the Stassies come in, and they start this down low cycle.
Like, what the hell is that?
How do you defend that?
But the Oilers, they were doing these full ice passing drills and the skill level
drop passes all that they're the like we talk about the saucer like everyone can just raise
the puck now i could never do that but they never threw a sauce you had a straight stick
but um you should see my stick we were at a we were at an autograph thing for with the warriors
they were given the proceeds from this jersey thing,
and so the Warriors all went and hung around.
One of the collectors had a stick of mine from 1980, Calgary Flames.
It was still taped and everything, so they bought it,
and they presented it to me.
You should see it.
If someone wants to Google Brad Marsh Calgary Flames,
I got the big stop, and'll see it, Wally.
And it is like a two-by-four.
The guys are laughing at it.
It's unbelievable.
But what were we talking about?
We were talking about the fact you couldn't saucer pass with a two-by-four.
Yeah, exactly.
But the drills that they were doing, like up and down and regroup.
Who the hell ever heard of a regroup?
But Edmonton was regrouping and passing the puck.
It was incredible.
Gee's got the picture out.
Look at that table.
Yeah, you had a good salad, too, Marci.
Holy shit.
What happened there?
I don't know.
You got the RA special now.
I tell my granddaughters that, and they still tell the story to everyone,
I skated so fast that it all fell out.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
It's like Rick Talkin.
He used to have a nice set up.
Yeah, yeah.
81 OPG Brad Marsh rookie cut.
Look at those gloves, too.
I always think of Messi when I see those gloves.
I guess you had them before you did.
But were you guys going in with the mentality like, hey, we get that these guys are skilled,
but we're going to try to beat the fucking wheels off them?
Yeah, we knew we could outwork them. We knew we could skate with them and outwork them we couldn't out skill them and so we did the best that we could to slow them down and
i mean obviously we did a great job but we lost in five games in in 85 uh we won the first game
then they they won the last four but every game was a one goal game we were right there too in 85 the last game got a little out of hand and um it got out of hand they ended up 7-3 or
something like that and big brawl in game five and it's quite funny if you you can look it up on the
i ended up in a big fight with don jackson that's what i want to bring up we got the
canadians version of from shane cors, the pre-game brawl at Montreal.
Oh, yeah. Yeah, that was classic.
We're going to get the Philly side of that.
Where were you during all that? You just took on...
Who'd you say? I'm sorry. Oh, I was
talking about Don Jackson and Edmonton.
We had a big brawl in game five.
But the Montreal
game, you know, in the
Montreal form, brawl and warm-up.
I still say the Canadiansadians had had it
planned like i don't i don't was that that was claude lemieux who was being a rat during warm-up
right yeah yeah and so he always shot the puck in the empty net once the team left and so um
chico rash he was the backup goalie to ron hexdall and uh so chico was waiting for him and so in
lemieux he came around his net up to he just
you know shot the puck to the open net then he was skating off and Chico went flying out on the ice
and slid across like this and stopped it from going in and Lemieux being the coward that he is
comes out and grabs Chico Rash like come on yeah yeah come on you know and and so Ed Hospitar come he was with
Chico he comes charging out then Shane Corson comes charging out and I remember the trainers
coming in and say there's a fight on the ice so we all go out on the ice but if you look at the tape
Montreal came out en masse with all their equipment on we had all our equipment off because
what do you do after warm-up?
You loosen your skates.
Like Doug Crossman came out in his flip-flops.
He had his sandals on.
Like, Cross, what are you doing?
And Dave Brown came out, and he had nothing on.
He just had his suspenders.
So him and Chris Nyland square up, and Nyland had nothing to grab onto.
And Brown, he'd be up pretty good. Oh, he's another scary guy oh my god that's yeah i feel like
most guys say might be the scariest ever yeah he was telling this story earlier today and he would
skate and warm up between the blue line and the red line and just look down like that and you
didn't want to catch his eyes yeah the boogeyman yeah so the big brawl goes on and on and on, and there's lots of side fights.
Mike Keenan locked Hexie in the dressing room
because Hexie would have been out there in the middle of the fight.
He locked him in the old dressing room in the Montreal Forum.
And Hexie's like a caged animal in there.
Let me out, let me out.
But anyhow, then we go back to the dressing rooms,
and they clean the ice,
and they drop the puck.
No penalties, no nothing.
We just started the game.
Like nothing happened.
Nothing from that?
Yeah.
But what was funny, too, is one of our alumni here in town,
we're very, very proactive, and we do a lot of different things.
And one of the things we started was I call it Friday night fights.
And so we bring in tough guys from
around the league and flyer tough guys we show their videos on the on the tv and then the two
tough guys that were fighting are on the stage talking about what they were thinking about when
they're beating the shit out of each other so the first one that we did um we started i had it set
up like a hockey game so you know everybody's's out drinking and having the happy hour and so on.
And then, you know, the lights dim and warm-up starts.
And so everyone sits down.
No one knows what to expect.
And there's only one version of the Brawl on Ice in 87.
It's in French.
And so it starts with, you know, Chico coming out and the broadcasters going,
oh, Sacre Bleu, what the hell's going on?
with Chico coming out and the broadcasters going,
blah, blah, blah, Zachary Blue, what the hell's going on?
And then they show Nyland, and it goes on, and it's all in French,
and the Flyer fans are just loving it because Brownie's swinging away,
and they're going, ah.
And then the lights come up, and there's Dave Brown and Chris Nyland on the stage talking about the fight.
It was unbelievable.
And then we go on we had uh
terry o'reilly and dave schultz there who fought like 18 times in their career
my god and terry o'reilly is one of the nicest guys you'll ever meet as is schultzy
but so we showed three fights one that schultzy won one that terry won and then we showed a draw
yeah you didn't want to have a fight everybody the day. Keep everybody happy. Show the other 15.
We'll be here for three weeks.
Hey, so there's a clip.
I think it was probably about 10 years ago of a couple of former CFL rivals.
And one of the guys had a cane, and they were on stage.
And the guy with the cane swung at the other guy because they were still animosity about this CFL game between the two Rough Rider teams going at it.
That was Angelo Moscow and Joe Capp.
Okay.
Yeah, Joe Capp was the running back and Moscow was the big linebacker.
And he was still pissed at them from their careers 20, 30 years before.
And I feel like it all built up more because you talk to anybody from when they were playing in the 60s, 70s.
Guys rarely got traded.
You talk to anybody from when they were playing in the 60s, 70s,
guys rarely got traded.
And even if they saw each other in the summertime,
let's say with a golf tournament, there was no interaction.
No tummy sticks.
There was no tummy sticks going on back then.
So what was it like getting them back on stage together?
Was that really the first time they were able to interact in that way?
Yeah, it was great. And, you know, know knuckles like every other word is swear word
yeah and and he was and with that real hard accent and brownie's like a choir boy brownie
really didn't know what to say he's quiet yeah yeah and uh and so that was funny and then but
knuckles he just kept going and going it was hilarious. And then we had a couple of the Broad Street bullies that they talked.
Joe Watson, who you're golfing with tomorrow, was good.
And then we had Dave Brown and Daryl Stanley, who they were big here.
The Bruise Brothers was their big handle because they're two tough kids there from out west.
And anyhow, it's great.
And we had it lined up to do again next year.
west and and anyhow it's great and we had it lined up to do again next year we had uh and uh the following year but then obviously covid canceled so it's on the books for again and uh
sometime in 22 and we'll just start it again and marty mcsorley was coming in for the last one
and uh that's a great idea oh yeah oh it's great and you know what the fans love it the people
loved it and it's just it was a great night and the guys loved. Oh, it's great. And you know what? The fans love it. The people loved it.
And it's just, it was a great night.
And the guys loved it.
It was really fun.
I want to ask, the 87 final, it was very low scoring for that era.
I think it was 37 goals in seven games.
Why was that with such a high-powered offense like Edmonton?
This stay-at-home defenseman shot it down.
There you go.
Teeed that right up.
Teeed you right up.
Good stick.
Your stick weighed 10 pounds.
You had a good one.
That was when Hextall won MVP as well. Yeah, we had Hexy.
Hexy was unbelievable.
And you know what?
I know Grant Fuhrer's in the Hall of Fame.
I don't think he gets enough credit because there was really no defense played in Edmonton for a lot of years.
And his best games were 8-5 games where that save that he made to keep it 8-5
and not 8-6 was tremendous.
Like, Fuhrer was unbelievable because he was left to his own devices so many times.
It was that bad.
Numbers weren't crazy, but Gretzky even says, like,
he always stopped the one he had to.
Yeah, yeah.
Interesting to hear.
Mike Keenan, we mentioned him earlier.
Was he good for your game?
I know some players liked him, some hated him.
What was your idea?
Well, he was young when you had him.
Yeah, right out of college in Canada, Canadian College, I think Toronto, York?
York University in Toronto.
But, yeah, it was his first coaching gig in the NHL.
So he was hard and tough, but not as tough as his reputation became, Iron Mike. He couldn't go right off the bat.
That's correct.
But he was a tough son of a gun.
But, you know, when you look at your coaches that you've had over your career,
and it all comes down to ice time.
And if you play a lot, you usually get along or like the coach.
And so I was pretty lucky.
I got 25 minutes a game, 30 minutes a game, if there was lots of penalties.
So you play that much, good coach.
But there's a lot of my teammates that could not stand him.
But I was fortunate.
I was one of the ones that played.
From a technical standpoint, was he good,
or was he just strictly motivator?
Very good with the motivation, sometimes through fear.
But what he did to Mike, and if you look at those teams from the 80s
when Mike coached, there's a lot of players, including myself,
and there's a lot of guys that will say this,
we had our career years under Mike.
And what he did for me was he was the first coach
that kind of had an up-tempo practice.
Some of the practices that you used to have in in the 70s and sitting around
a lot standing around russia style doing breakouts and doing this and you know fred creighton was my
first coach in the nhl like the guy's called blue line freddie because that's all he ever did heart
between the blue lines like oh my gosh again like and uh although he had one of the best lines I ever heard was we had a bad game,
and he'd come in and he wrote on the board,
practices at 9 o'clock, you know what he said,
practice at 9 o'clock and tell your wives to pack a lunch because you're going to be here all goddamn day.
That was a pretty good line by Blue Line Freddy.
But Mike, he was the first one that had an up-tempo practice,
and he challenged me to be faster.
He challenged me to be better.
And it was the challenge that he brought into the dressing room
that some players, you know, didn't accept, but other players ate it up.
And myself, I had my best years under Mike,
and I was a better NHLer because of Mike and because he challenged me.
And I accepted the challenge.
And that was right along the time that I was starting to get in shape and
starting to work hard. 12 months,
12 months a year was my hockey career because I worked harder in the summer.
So it'd be better in the, in the winter time. So.
It's a young Rick talking on that squad as well. 22 years old. Yeah. Yeah.
He was a madman. Oh, he was good. He was, he was good.
He was drafted as an 18 made the team as an 18 year old. And he was a flyer as soon, he was good. He was good. He was drafted as an 18, made the team as an 18-year-old,
and he was a flyer as soon as he walked in the dressing.
He looks like a flyer, played like a flyer,
and he's coming in the Flyers Hall of Fame next week,
along with Paul Holmgren, which is really cool.
But, no, Toc was a good man, good player,
and doing a great job with yourself on TNT.
Buddy, he's amazing.
He's like, yeah, he's everything as described.
And you mentioned just that flyer element.
He still kind of walks to the caveman and always looks like he's ready to fucking go.
Yeah.
He just looks like he's tough as nails.
Yeah, yeah, exactly.
He does.
And while we were talking about brownie like
brownie plays in the alumni game he still looks like he wants to tear somebody apart
he's got that yeah oh it's just got that mug me never lose it yeah yeah but he but but talks
mentioned it he just said like you know it was kind of like embodied him when he come to the
flyers organization that like it's it's the team mentality and it's like everyone is one and it
just really stuck with him throughout his career and like the the life lessons that it's the team mentality and it's like everyone is one. And it just really stuck with him throughout his career.
And the life lessons that it's taught him have lived with him forever.
And he kind of has that approach to his everyday life now.
So it's been cool to hang out with him and just hear all these stories
of how it just was.
By the way, that trade, Grinnell, it was Callahan for St. Louis
was the captain for captain trade.
Okay.
That we couldn't recall.
Holy shit.
I wouldn't have got that.
Never in a million years would I have gotten that trivia question.
Now, after Philly went to Toronto, we mentioned earlier,
it wasn't a great era for the Leafs back then,
but there was some young studs on that team.
Olchek, Danfuss, a young Wendell Clark.
Also, Borja Salming.
I know he was kind of on his way out.
What was the experience playing with him?
He was one of the first
Swedes to really dominate in the NHL.
Yeah, he was at the end of his career
there, but I tell you what, he's
held in high regard in the Flyers
dressing room because the Flyers and
the Leafs used to battle in the 70s,
and they used to go after Boria.
The two players that come across at the same
time was Boria
and Inge Hammerstrom,
if you remember that name.
And he
Guys thought they might be able to bully him and you couldn't.
Yeah, he was tough.
He was tough.
And so Boria has a lot of respect with the old-time Flyers.
But Toronto, I say all the time, and everyone knows Harold Ballard
or knows of Harold Ballard.
And to me, it was a dream come true to play for the Toronto Maple Leafs.
But unfortunately, Harold owned the team at the same time
and he was just a senile old guy.
Yeah.
And that had no business being in the NHL.
But he was.
Still got to play for Original 16.
Yeah, yeah.
Yeah, it was cool.
I remember our first game was in  my first game with the Leafs
was in the Boston Garden. And remember the Leafs was in the Boston Garden.
And remember the old dressing room in the Boston Garden?
Like it was like three small compartments type of thing
and the fence been in one room.
So anyhow, I got there and they gave me number three.
Back in those days, you just took whatever number was given to you, you know.
None of this 47 and 80.
Like what the hell is all that, you know.
So I got number three and i'll tell you i i always kind of get ready ready early so i got all my stuff on and
i took my jersey into the washroom in the old boston garden there and i put it on
and i stood i looked at myself in the mirror and i said this looks pretty good
and if if i if cell phones were invented there i would have taken a selfie and sent it to my mom
because I have the identical picture from when I was six and seven.
I got a Toronto Maple Leaf jersey, Toronto Maple Leaf gloves, pants, socks for Santa Claus for Christmas.
And so I did the same pose.
You remember you'd always have your shirt on, buttoned up underneath your hockey stick.
No, I don't.
That must have been a thing from the
He already had a tattoo, dude.
Anyhow, so I ended up getting  got one of the guys to take a picture,
or one of the photographers that was there to take a picture, and I got it.
So my mom liked putting them side by side on the fireplace.
That's awesome.
It was a thrill to put on the Maple Leaf jersey.
Now, you were kind of the John Scott before John Scott.
Was it in Toronto when you ended up getting the nod to the All-Star game?
No.
I got a nod to the All-Star game in Calgary.
Oh, in Calgary.
But I never played in the game.
I was here in Philadelphia, and I was going to Calgary to play
because it would have been cool because I got traded from Calgary and the All-Star game
was in Calgary. I flew from here to
Toronto. Snowstorm of the century
hit. So I sat
on a bar stool in the Toronto airport
drinking, watching
the goddamn game on the
on the...
Yeah.
And so anyhow, then my next All-Star
game at that time was in 92.
I was in Ottawa.
Oh, that's right.
I was in Ottawa, and they picked the teams,
and the commissioner got to have a senior citizens pick.
So myself and Randy Carlisle was the other player.
Hey, you only had 33 goals in your career but you ended up
scoring in the all-star game scored in the all-star game yeah yeah and i i had a goal and
an assist in the all-star game so it's funny i come back to auto we had a terrible team in auto
that was the first year of its expansion yeah yeah so i tell people to do the math. So at that time we played 82 games. So you do the math, that's 164 possible points.
We had 21.
Oh, my goodness.
That's a long season.
That is a long season.
But anyhow, I go to the All-Star game, and so I come back,
and I got a goal and assist.
And Wayne, how many All-Star games has Wayne played in?
Every single year he was in the NHL, probably.
And so there was a big sign that the fans put up, and it said, you know,
92 all-star game, Wayne Gretzky, then the G and the A and the T for total points,
zero, zero, zero.
Then they had Marsh go one, assist one, total points, two.
I got a picture of it, too. I got a picture of it, too.
I got a picture of it, too.
Suck on that, Waino.
Yeah, yeah.
I'm going to have to bring that up on TNT.
That's what he took as vacations.
He was probably just hitting the sauce and enjoying life then.
A funny story with the All-Star Game, too,
that actually was one of the most embarrassing moments ever.
So remember that they have the skills competition the night before.
So we're in the Montreal Forum. they've set the skills competition up so when people ask me
about good coaches and the scotty bowman comes up i always go he's an idiot and everyone's like
oh how can you do that well let me tell you so at that time you know the skills competition is up
they have the fastest skaters i'm not going going in there. They have the hardest shot. I'm not going in there.
Scotty Bowman puts me in the accuracy shooting.
Oh, that's a panic.
That's kind of the, like, the pigeon.
That's a panic.
That's where I would get thrown in.
You're like, all right, yeah.
And I'm sitting.
So you get nervous.
I'm shitting a brick because the Montreal Forum is sold out,
and I have to go in the accuracy shooting.
Just hit one target, please.
Exactly.
So I'm sitting there, and you have a passer on the left and a passer on the right,
so you alternate.
So the first pass comes out, I miss the net.
I shot it high over, and you have 10 shots.
And so then the second one comes out, and I miss again.
And the old French, he was like Jeopardy, you know, the mumble before the Jeopardy.
Then I miss the next one, the next one, the next one.
A couple whistles.
And I'm sweating.
I'm pissed at myself and so on.
And the crowd now is a mixture of laughter and a mixture of
i'm sure they're all thinking how is this guy in the all-star game and so i go oh for 10 oh
oh for 10 didn't get one didn't get one oh for 10 yeah you were saving for the game the next
night in the interview i i go oh for 10 and then you know at that time, some sit on the bench or you kneel on the ice.
I went back, and I found the spot all by myself, and I was sitting there just
I couldn't hide anywhere.
And Bill Clement, who is a good buddy of mine, we played together in Atlanta and Calgary.
Now, he's in the broadcast, and so he's on the ice broadcasting back for whatever it was at the time,
and he's on his skates, and he comes over with this big smile, and he's going to interview me.
I was a ventriloquist all of a sudden, without moving anywhere.
I'm like, get the fuck out of here.
He knew.
So he just come, and he did a flyby.
He just did a flyby.
And Marshy's not going to be interviewing by the way you know bork went right after went four for four yeah yeah and uh did
pierre mcguire put the skates on one year and do the all-star game like that where he was going
around with the mic i think for a couple years that yeah they had that guys out there so that
was like that was that experience oh that was bad yeah it was bad. Thanks a lot, Scotty.
So anyhow, then I score the next night, and it's all good.
And we talked about the dressing room right at the start of the interview.
So I go back to the Senators practice the next day.
The damn coach made me practice.
Bonas, right?
That Rick Bonas.
That was a tough practice so i go into the dressing room and
they've got a bullseye in my stall that is bigger than everything and but that's the dressing room
and the guys were peeing themselves laughing and i come in of course i'm laughing by then at that
because i was the hero i scored a goal in the all-star game but uh but it was it was funny so
it came full circle from being, you know,
I don't know if humiliated was the right word.
I think it ended up being a good story on the podcast at least.
Yeah, anyhow.
Well, also, I mean, do you have anything else for us?
Yeah, actually, I did a little intel.
Is there a story about you during the World Juniors in Russia
hiding in a closet?
Oh, that's a good one.
Oh, R.A.'s digging up the good stuff.
Where'd you get that one?
I can't tell.
I can't give up my source.
No, we was the World Juniors.
I played in the World Juniors twice.
The first time in 76 in Czechoslovakia.
It wasn't split at that time.
We ended up with a silver medal there, and that was a very cool experience.
And the next year was in Montreal, and it's the first time prior to that
a club team would go over and represent Canada.
That was the first time they had an all-star game.
I'm sorry, an all-star team from around all of Canada.
And Wayne, as a 16-year-old, was on the team.
And so it was played in Montreal and Quebec.
So anyhow, long story short, we end up with the bronze medal there.
And back in them days, they didn't have the semifinals
and the playoffs and all that stuff.
It was around Robin.
Yeah, most points and goals for would be the tiebreaker and stuff.
Yeah, exactly.
And so we ended up with the bronze medal.
And so we were having a few beers in the hotel and so on and so on.
And, you know, we're not playing anymore.
So I go down to the front desk.
This is when you could do anything.
And, you know, I said I needed a key to this particular room.
And they gave me a key.
And so I just, you know, I knock on the door, and I'll speed the story up.
I knock on the door.
The Russian sticks his head out, looking back and forth.
And so I kept it up, and then he came out to chase me.
But I hid around the corner, and I went into his room and hid in the closet
and I had a big bucket of ice water
and I was hiding in his closet.
So he come back in and he was grumbling to his
teammate and all that.
And I just wait
for him to settle down and get to sleeping
in bed and I open the closet door with
the big bucket of ice and I poured it on his bed
and I tail it out of the room.
He comes charging out
and he couldn't find me.
So I was a slow skater but a fast runner.
That's awesome.
Oh my god.
You may have won the gold
but you just got soaked at night.
In Moscow.
Yeah, exactly.
It was a pre-game biz that you pounced upon.
That is fucking crazy that you did that.
Yeah.
What made you want to do it?
Just for the hell of it?
A bunch of beers.
We were just having fun.
We were just having fun.
That's great.
Remember the old hotel rooms?
They used to have the mini bars in it.
And the booze cost a fortune in it.
Oh, yeah.
I still do.
Yeah.
Inflation.
Yeah.
And so one time I was with Calgary, and once again I go down.
I actually put my suit back on for this when I went down,
and I buffaloed the hotel people at the time that I needed a key to each room,
so I had to go do a room check.
And so they didn't give me a key and so i'm
sneaking into the guy's rooms half of them are still out and i have a pillowcase and i'm cleaning
out everybody's bar everybody's mini fridge i'm putting it in the pillowcase and i can drink a
lot of beer i don't drink any alcohol or hard stuff and so i i wasn't getting it so i could
continue drinking or anything.
I was just getting it to bust the chops.
And so the next day the guys are checking out,
oh, your bill will be 347.
What the hell is going on?
I didn't have anything for my minibar.
Meanwhile, I've got it all in my room.
But that's all good, fun, frank stuff there.
Yeah, nothing like burning guys per diem.
I remember my first year
too i would i won't mention the name he's like hey rookie you you pay the room bill and i'd never
have anything to drink every time there's like 400 i was like uh at some point i i can't keep
doing this bitch would have a heart attack you think yeah it was a nightmare i was like i might
as well start drinking at least i get something out something out of this. Yeah, you clear it out before he does. Well, this has been unbelievable.
How long did we go?
90 minutes?
An hour and 30.
Holy shit.
And honestly, Marci, for you to invite us here and we can't wait until tomorrow.
You had an amazing career, two Stanley Cup finals, all that.
And I think probably you'd even say what you're doing now and how you're helping these guys is pretty honorable and incredible to see.
So thanks for joining us.
Thank you.
And actually, if I may, we'll go 135.
You brought it up earlier, the Warriors.
The silver stick.
The silver stick.
And so when I played my thousands game, it was in Detroit, New Year's Eve,
and Brian Murray was the coach GM at the time.
And I was an old guy, so I knew I was playing that night.
And so obviously my parents are down, my brother's big party planned,
and what a very special night.
So this, you know, Rodney Dangerfield of hockey, if you want to say,
nobody from the NHL even showed up, let alone.
He's got pigeon toss.
So, you know, back in those days you got a little crystal,
but no one showed up from the
nhl to present i had a call like nhl up and say where's my little milestone excuse me who are you
on brad marsh for heaven's sakes great stay-at-home defenseman and uh so they ended up sending me
the crystal which is good i got it displayed it's you know at that time i was only the 16th
defenseman in nhL history to play
a thousand games no way yeah which i thought well if you think about it there's only six teams for
the good part of it but anyhow that's amazing so anyhow fast forward to the warriors uh somehow i
was telling this story and and a couple of them it stuck with them and so they started taking
talking amongst themselves and so they called
the nhl they got the exact people that make the silver sticks now when people hit a milestone
and so they ordered a silver stick and they have each of the team's logos at atlanta calgary
flyers logos and uh engraved in it and and uh and of course they have the flyers warriors on the
blade and then we had a christmas party at house, and so everybody was at the house.
I played Santa Claus.
It was pretty cool.
And then they presented me with the silver stick, and it was very special.
Very, very emotional.
That's awesome.
You deserve that.
I'm getting emotional now.
I love that.
That's what it's about, man.
It's probably kind of good in a way that the NHL forgot, so you can have that moment later.
Yeah, it's good.
So we got it up in the house.
It weighs 26 pounds, so it wasn't like I could hang it up.
Shows how much you mean to those guys, too,
because they're the ones who thought about it and figured,
let's get this done, right?
That's cool.
No, so it's cool.
And for the longest time, I didn't hang it up.
I just left it at the front door so everybody that come over could see it and hold it.
And wow, look at this.
It's special.
But I got it up on the wall now.
And so it's cool.
It's as heavy as the twig he had in that picture he showed us.
It's as heavy as my Wally.
Yeah.
Well, Brad Marsh.
I got paid 500 for using that Wally.
Really?
Yeah, imagine that.
Not too bad.
That paid for the van, sort of.
Yeah, yeah.
At least the gas.
Well, congrats on an amazing career.
And what you've done post-career is even more incredible.
So thanks for joining the show.
Thank you.
Appreciate it.
A lot of fun.
A lot of fun.
Looking forward to tomorrow.
Huge thanks to Brad Marsh for joining us.
Terrific guy.
We got to hang out with him a lot over the weekend.
Everybody raves about how nice of a guy he is.
And what he does with the Philadelphia Warriors is
such a great thing. I've been friendly
with Richie, Devin Richie, on the
team for a few years now, and it was a
special weekend for us guys. So
thank you, Brad Marsh. We appreciate it and hope to see you
again soon. And we do want to tell you that interview was
also brought to you by OCB
Rowan Papers. Listen, gang,
I made this switch a while back, and you should
too. OCB rolling papers
are the best I've used and I promise you will not be disappointed. OCB is the largest rolling paper
brand in the world and has been one with nature, crafted naturally since 1918. So you know they've
perfected the process for a consistently great session time after time. And now's your chance
to join the OCB family forever. OCB Rowan Papers are giving a lifetime supply of Rowan Papers,
cones, and some fresh swag to their loyal fans.
Make sure to check out at OCB underscore USA today for a chance to win.
All you have to do is follow at OCB underscore USA on Instagram,
like the OCB High Hall post,
and tag two friends in the comments to win.
There's also a shortcut on OCBUSA.com slash chicklets
with a link to enter on Instagram now.
You must be 21 plus to buy the papers and follow the social accounts.
Good luck.
And again, if you make the switch,
you'll never go back to whatever you were using before.
OCB rolling papers.
Get on them.
Biz, we were just talking a little while ago.
You have Alexander Ovechkin as your MVP frontrunner right now.
He had a hat-trick Friday.
He had another tuck Sunday.
He now has 273 power play goals,
just one behind the all-time leader, Dave Anderchuk.
I think you said you had Ovi, Leon, McDavid, and Markstrom
as your top four MVP candidates right now.
Yeah, Listen,
Liam McHugh mentioned it probably two,
maybe three weeks ago. And,
you know,
I was like,
ah,
I think,
you know,
Leon and McDavid are maybe a little bit more noticeable at that point,
but given with what he's done with these guys out of the lineup,
I think Manta,
oh,
she is a missed time.
Obviously Backstrom,
his guy hasn't been there.
The most fascinating stat was,
and we know how hard it is to produce five-on-five nowadays,
given structure, especially for these high-end guys
because they're going against the best players
from the other team every night.
24 five-on-five points.
I think that the only guy in the league
who has been on the ice for 24 or more
even strength goals for their team,
was, I think I sent it to the group chat, help me out here, R.A.?
Biz, the player you were looking for was Aaron Ekblad of Florida.
Wait, what is the stat?
Go ahead. I'll let you tee it up, R.A.
This is from Dmitry Filipovich. Does a great job on 20.
You should be following him.
Ovechkin now has 24 5- five points, five on five points this season.
Aaron Eckblad is the only other player in the league who has even been on the
ice for 24 of their team's five on five goals this season.
I mean,
that's so for,
so for strictly talking MVP and heart and who's been a valuable asset to
their team,
I think hands down through 20 games,
you know,
25 of this season,
it's going to be Alex Ovechkin.
And some people are saying biz, you're fucking talking about the MVP 20 games, you know, 25 of this season, it's going to be Alex Ovechkin. And some people are saying, Biz, you're fucking talking about the MVP
20 games in.
I think it's insane, given how young the league's going,
that a 36-year-old is doing it.
And with what we've been saying about McDavid and Leon as well.
So I just wanted to kind of beat that drum.
And as I said, Liam McHugh was the first guy to it.
I was a little hesitant, but over the last couple of weeks,
even with more guys out of the lineup, he just is not slowing down
and he is ready to go for this Olympic year, Boaz.
That team is, we doubted them a little bit too.
What the hell are we thinking?
They don't even have Backstrom playing and they're playing this well,
but he has 18 assists.
That's how many he had
all of last year, 45 games.
And the year before that,
in 68 games, he had 19 assists.
So to be scoring
the way he always does,
actually, he's even
at a better rate than normal.
And then adding the assist,
he's the MVP right now.
I think McDavid and Dreissel
as good as they've been,
it's like they take away
from one another
when you see what this guy's doing.
So they're tracking his trajectory, my favorite word in the English dictionary,
and he's actually on pace for his best season ever as a player at 36 years old.
And, Whit, I forgot to mention this when you were stroking off Brad Marchand.
I think he's the only player other than Lemieux and Gretzky
to average over a point a game since he's turned 30 years old.
And they were like 1.67 or they were over.
You have the stat, R.A.?
Yeah, Biz.
After two points Sunday night, Brad Marchand has 280 points in 220 games
since the start of his 30-year-old season.
It comes out to 1.27 per game.
There are two players with more points per game and at least 200,
200 games played in their thirties.
Queen Gretzky at 1.69.
Nice.
And Mario Lemieux at 1.62.
So,
you know,
I know it's a very specific stat,
but like this guy's producing in his thirties when,
you know,
guys typically fall off.
So it's been impressive as hell.
And Ovechkin,
man,
absolute treat to watch him.
Bucci thinks he's going to break a thousand goals I don't know I mean yeah Bucci thinks the way
because he's so durable man I mean if he plays till he's 43 44 years old I don't think it's
inconceivable I don't know him well enough to know how much he absolutely loves the game to
where he's going to want to put the gear on at, you know, at 42, 43.
We know that, that char can do it.
You gotta be a little bit,
you gotta be a little bit squirrely to want to be competing at the NHL.
I guess at that age, I don't know enough about him,
but I know that he's probably, I can't say I know if I'm,
if I then say the word probably,
but you got to think the goal record he has his sights on.
So once he breaks that and, he's 40 when that happens,
if he continues at this pace, he needs what over a hundred more,
150 ish more. So after that, would he be like, all right, I I'm done.
I got my cup. I got the best record ever in hockey. And, and I,
or am I looking for a thousand? I don't know.
That's crazy to think that he could get a thousand that he'd need 251 more.
And he's 36.
If he gets 65 this year and then next year gets like 50 again,
then you're like, okay, we're looking at 1,000.
When he breaks the record, he's just going to skate off the ice.
You're never going to see or hear from him again.
Little peace sign.
We're out.
He's playing for Dynamo Moscow the next day. Mike Green was telling me when we played under 18 together, he said playing he's playing for dynamo moscow the next day
mike green was taught when we played under 18 together he said that he had this russian come
over you know okay you know they used to draft they used to have two rounds of the european
draft for all the chl teams and they had this filthy russian come over and he was there for
training camp and the first pre-season game he went to pick him up and he goes to the door and
you know rings the doorbell and then
finally he comes out he's like yeah i'm not going to the exhibition game so he's like okay so he
goes to the rink goes on the coach stuff he says hey the russian said he's not coming to the game
so they end up sent over an intern they grab him finally they get him over they get him out for
warm-up i guess the first period he had two goals two the filthiest goals that mike green had ever
seen between periods he took off his gear went home they never saw him again what was the kid's name no clue no
clue i don't know it was their import russian this is i mean this is going back what 15 years i played
under 18 with green but he was telling me about this story and i'm like that's you know because
because we i think in junior everybody has a a a European story of a guy coming over and something wacky happening.
We had a guy, Tomas Chabi, on our team.
I've told the story on here before, too, with Chris Thorburn.
He was he was back checking Thorby and Thorby's skate came up.
It slid his lip like when he would close his mouth.
You could see his front teeth.
It was just flapping over.
And it was yeah, it was a pretty traumatic experience.
And I think a week or two later after that he was gone back home too so yeah i
just uh i don't know how we got there man we always wonder what you biz that's that's what
makes us spit and chiclets buddy oh it was olvie just saying peace after he breaks the goal scoring
record talking about snipers congrats to joevelski. He nets his 400th goal, becoming just the 11th American to do so.
And over the last 15 seasons, only Ovechkin, Stamkos, Crosby, Kane,
and Malkin have more goals than Pavelski.
Daryl Ray had an interesting tweet.
More Americans have walked on the moon than have scored 400 goals in the NHL.
Patrick Kane is currently the active leader with 410,
but Pavelski still getting it done at his age with fucking this guy.
Another one may be unheralded because he was in San Jose for so long, but just the fucking great
net front presence. Great score. Yeah. We've, we've talked about him a long time. My new thing
is if Dallas struggles is who's going to get him at the deadline, what a pickup that would be.
That's kind of what I'm focused on. He's just a playoff performer gamer. So I've said it before.
He's great at everything. He's a really good person. Good guy from the times I've got to meet with
him and play with him a little bit. And it's no surprise because when he came into the league,
you already knew he was like pretty quickly, one of the best tippers in the entire league.
Like if he's in front of the net, any puck that's near him with his hand,
he's getting a piece of, he scores. He scored a ton of his 400.
Just nice tips, nice deflections in the slot right in the crease.
So he's able to do that.
And then he kept getting better and better and more confidence.
And the career he's had has been remarkable.
And there was a great clip of his old teammate, Brent Burns,
pulling up to a game.
He looked like Pa Kent from Superman.
That looked like a 1950s red pickup truck.
He's a fucking absolute beauty.
What did he have in that backpack?
I want to know what is in the backpack.
He eats lamb shanks between periods.
A couple of live chickens.
He gets those.
It's like, what's the guy Serrano from Major League?
Oh, yeah.
Joe Boo.
Up your butt, Joe Boo.
That's a fucking great movie. right let's see uh chris russell of edmonton now has the most blocked shots ever he recorded six in saturday's game
versus vegas to pass brent seabrook he now is 2003 he's the first player in history to pass 2000
uh dude this guy no i guess he never complains it was i think it was uh i don't know kelly rudy maybe talking about him he was his teammate he's like this guy never compl guess he never complains. I think it was Kelly Rudy maybe talking about him.
He was his teammate.
He's like, this guy never complains.
He just eats pucks.
Like, great teammate, great guy.
Any of you guys play with him?
Well, he's in an omelette.
I got a message from Jim Playfair.
And he goes, Biz, he's going to break this record.
And he goes, look at his junior career.
He was an offensive defenseman.
That's like the last thing an offensive defenseman wants to do is block shots.
Ask Keith.
Ask Yance.
He'll be up front about it.
Boyd Gordon had a fuck you match in the middle of the locker room
about blocking shots.
And he'll retell the story next time he's on.
But, I mean, adapt your game.
And he ended up making, what, 33 million doing it?
So, congratulations to him.
One of the hardest jobs on the team is being a defensive defenseman
who's going to eat pucks for his team.
And, you know, he's earned every penny.
Yeah, and he changed his game.
That's more important.
He realized what was going to work.
He got to Columbus trying to be the power play guy from junior.
I think he was defenseman of the year in the CHL,
if not the MVP of the WHL. And then he quickly kind of understood, that's not how I'm going to play in from junior. I think he was defenseman of the year in the CHL, if not MVP of the WHL.
And then he quickly kind of understood that's not how I'm going to play in
this league.
Yeah.
And then he completely changed everything up and went into a shop,
blocking shutdown type role.
And he's done at Calgary.
It was Dallas,
right?
Edmonton now.
And I think at times he's catching,
he's caught some heat from the,
from the fan base.
And I believe it was an article by Robin Brownlee,
who was an Edmonton guy and writer,
and mentioned that who was the coach there a few years ago?
He was now in L.A.
Oh, Jesus.
The hell?
Todd McClellan.
Todd McClellan.
And he came out and said,
any of you fans who are bad-mouthed from this guy
and don't think that he's a big part of this team
and a huge, you know, like, he's a huge player for this team,
not only on the ice, but the way he is off the ice.
He's such a professional.
If you're booing him, you're a clown.
So to get defense like that in the media from a head coach isn't that common.
Sticking with the Oilers for a sec,
we got to give props to this guy at Biz Robbie, 1199 for his Oilers cave wit. He apparently got one of your old sticks for a sec. We got to give props to this guy at Biz Robbie 1199 for his Oilers cave
wit. He apparently got one of your old sticks
at a sale and what a fucking
man cave that is. You got to check it out.
Yeah, he should have stopped. He went through
his basement pretty quick so you couldn't tell.
But I mean, look, there'll be 50 jerseys,
sticks,
old seats at Rexall
place, the old arena. He just had it
all. So maybe I can watch the Stanley Cup finals with that guy.
When they dummy Toronto?
He might kidnap me, though.
It'd be like a Celtic pride situation.
You ever seen that movie, Biz?
Yeah, I think I've seen it.
Yeah, he filmed it right around the block.
Okay, let's see.
The Fenway Sports Group, they signed a purchase agreement
to take controlling stake in the Pittsburgh Penguins.
Ron Burkle and Mario Lemieux will remain part of the ownership.
Lemieux will still run hockey ops.
Senior management stays in place.
Basically, just another toy for John Henry, who owns the Red Sox.
And what team does he own?
What soccer team does he own?
Liverpool.
Liverpool.
Okay.
Yeah, just another rich guy buying a team.
By the way, I think in 99, Lemieux and Ron Burkle bought, Liverpool. Okay. Yeah. I mean, just another rich guy buying a team.
By the way, I think in 99, Lemieux and Ron Burkle bought,
I think it was 110 million.
And so 20 years later, 22 years later, it's 900 million.
So not a bad return on your investment, I guess.
Yeah.
Mario saved the team a couple times.
Biz, you're looking pretty sharp there today.
What do you got wearing there?
R.A., these are the NBD Traxitos that we came up with.
We were doing some testing of materials for quite some time.
We finally found a really, really nice cotton.
It launders very well.
It's extremely high quality.
And I want to thank G because he was one of the guys who helped me with it.
I think the colors turned out great.
We have this kind of like this matte gray.
We have a charcoal black and then we have a nice blue.
Guys, these are perfect for lounging around the house.
Whether you're watching football, I travel in these now.
Check them out. If you're into a high quality sweat pant, the sweat pant that launders properly
and it's not going to shrink too much. It holds
its form. It's got quality elastic bands. It's got a great hood. They got the crew neck. So check
them out. I love them. Uh, I'm sending some over to you guys. So you guys let me know what you
think, but, uh, definitely high quality and something that I, uh, I'm a bit of a close knob.
All right. I gotta make sure my clothes launder properly and they don't shrink too much.
So these are the real deal.
This was like a year in the making biz too.
Like,
let's not downplay this.
Like you've been testing materials and trying things because they send you,
it's hard because you're trying to keep the price points down for your fans.
But yet you want to have something that you want to rock and that's higher
quality.
You know,
I don't have a ton of clothes.
I just like having high quality clothes
because I'm a big material guy.
And the cotton that we were able to get on these sweatpants
and get the cost down and the fit perfect,
I think people are going to be very happy.
And we're going to continue to take your feedback
and try to improve these NBDs,
Traxitos to the best of their capability.
So you'll probably see me rocking them
when we're at the ball hockey,
whether we're at the party we got coming for New Year's
at the outdoor game, the Winter Classic.
Wherever you see me, Chicklets fans, I'll usually be rocking this Traxedo.
And they're even gum repellent.
So if you're a fan at one of these events, sticking gum on my arsehole.
Ah, ah.
Gum repellent.
Well, there were some other clothes that dropped recently that not everybody liked.
The Olympic jerseys for the United States team.
Granelli did a great blog about it.
They just look like ugly Christmas sweaters or ugly soccer kits.
I don't know, man.
I know they got to make some new dough, but they just didn't impress me or too many people.
Gee, you didn't like them at all.
Yeah, I mean, you're looking at Witt's Olympic jersey behind him.
I just have always said, if it ain't broke, don't fix it.
Like, those jerseys were awesome.
I know they're trying to make some money, but, like, I look at Sweden.
Sweden never really changes their jerseys.
Like, those USA jerseys, the one Witt's looking at now, it's clean.
It's right to the point.
It's when they won.
They wore them in 1980.
They won.
Won a silver medal when Witt wore them.
So, I just don't understand why USA, they have four years to make these jerseys,
and they keep putting these shitty jerseys out there.
It doesn't make sense to me.
Yeah, and sometimes they look a little bit different when they put them on.
And I'll go back to last week.
We were talking about the new New Jersey third jerseys.
I thought those grew a lot on me once I saw them on the guys.
But I think that the USA ones look like soccer kits. I thought those grew a lot on me once I saw them on the guys.
But I think that the USA ones look like soccer kits.
Yeah, they do look like soccer.
They look like soccer kits.
And I'm not going to be a hypocrite here.
I didn't really like the leaf on the new Canadian ones either.
It's too modern.
And Grinnelli, I'm going to reiterate what you said.
If it ain't broke, don't fix it.
So many amazing old school Team Canada jerseys or even
even some of the more later ones were not bad this one I thought missed the mark and I don't know how
many Canadians out there shame share the same opinion as me I think I think it was Roshinsky
said it looks like the arsehole of a turkey yeah pocket butthole that's something like that yeah and it does it does i think the the dark blue of
usa is all right uh the white i didn't love the the light blue one is brutal that's the word i
don't even know if they'll wear that one but yeah soccer kit and and just basically like going away
from what's worked and what i enjoy i'm a more simple guy on jerseys, like not loud.
And I feel like USA,
they tried a little bit too hard to make it more modern,
as you say, with the leaf up in Canada biz, I guess that's a good word.
The, the, the lead, the jerseys are not old school by any means.
I think Germany always kills it with their uniforms. The black,
black,
yellow,
and red.
They always come up with some nice stuff.
Keeping with the Olympics here.
Pierre Lebrun had an article in the athletic of the Olympics in
jeopardy.
I don't know if it's panic or what he said in the event that the
NHL and the NHL PA pull out of the Olympics.
What about the rest of the schedule with three weeks off?
My sense is this is Pierre talking.
My sense is it wouldn't be a total rejig,
perhaps give the players a week off and use rest to light
in some tough schedule situations for some teams.
Just a possibility.
Again, the plan remains to go to the Olympics as of now.
January 10th is the opt-out deadline for the NHL and the NHLPA.
But if for whatever reason they pull out,
there's a gap in the schedule to use to some degree,
but players would still get a break.
And that kind of sort of ties in with the All-Star game as well.
Emily Kapton was saying the NHLPA is asking for tighter protocols in Vegas
for All-Star weekend.
They asked the NHL to take over some of the planning for players,
like staying at a hotel with no casino.
The protocols are to be determined.
Emily said she's hearing more trepidation about going.
One player she talked to said if you test positive in China,
you're stuck there for three weeks.
That's brutal.
Guys are terrified of that.
Then, of course, when you come home, you have to quarantine again
when you get back to North America, which is an absolute nightmare scenario.
You know, I don't know if this is chick or little stuff,
but, you know, this is stuff that potentially happens,
especially what we just heard about with Carolina.
Yeah, and it goes into even at the All-Star game,
I think players have asked to be away from like the strip and not have a hotel
that there's a casino in the lobby and try to at least like make sure that they
don't get stuck getting COVID in Vegas. So I, the Olympics,
the GMs and the owners, they don't want the teams to go.
And now it's like,
it's tenfold with how bad they don't want them to go with being stuck over
there.
If you happen to  not only could you test positive and be out of the games, you're then stuck there for three weeks.
Who wants to be in China for three weeks?
Are you shitting me?
I think that if you look right now, it'll still happen,
but now you see Carolina's got a couple guys.
The Islanders' game gets postponed.
If that happens again, you might see teams and owners
really speak up against guys going.
And even players now, there's probably a chance
some of them don't want to go.
In the end, though, I still think the guys want the break,
the big Olympic break, and the players who are going to make their teams,
they'd love the chance to play for gold medal.
That's everyone's dream.
But it just seems like it's becoming harder and harder.
And now if it were to get canceled, I'd be a lot less surprised than a month ago.
Gary Bettman's been adamant about the fact that he didn't,
I don't think he wanted them going to the Olympics this year.
He said that they wanted to go.
So he's allowing them to go if they want.
He wants to get all these, the revenues back up.
He wants the all-star game to happen.
My only question was going to be like the,
the penalization for not going to the all-star game.
If you're selected as a one game suspension, correct.
They might've advanced it to two games.
Cause maybe some guys were like, ah, one game.
But if these guys are going to the Olympics either way,
the ones who probably would more likely not want to go to the all-star game
before heading to the Olympics,
you're going to want that one game of rest when you get back anyway.
So fucking take the suspension. So I don't know, maybe I was thinking,
maybe do like a year where you don't get the guys going to the Olympics at
the all-star game.
But I would imagine a lot of people would be upset at the fact that they
don't get to see the league stars. They get to see this, the second wave.
So I don't know.
I think that a biz, the, they have a plane, like a huge private jet going from Vegas.
So that changes it a little bit.
And also if you were to cancel the Olympics and still give the guys a week
off, well, all of a sudden you, you have to,
we've talked about figuring out the schedule and the basketball and like,
is it that easy to reschedule games all of a sudden and,
and put games into the two weeks when they,
when they planned on being no NHL.
So it's probably easier said than done
in terms of changing this entire plan.
Yeah, this is definitely a moving story, though.
In a month's time, we might be singing a different tune
given with the COVID rules and all this stuff.
When did they say they're going to name the teams?
Has there been any word on when these countries would name their squads?
It's got to be pretty soon, right?
Yeah, I don't know the date offhand.
I know they had to name three players a while back.
Yeah, I don't know when the evaluation stuff stops.
But, yeah, obviously we're going to keep tabs on it and see what happens.
And, you know, we hope they get over there.
But obviously concerns are legitimate.
You don't want to be stuck in a foreign country with COVID and quarantine
and then have to do it when you get home.
So, hey, guys, it happens sometimes.
It's not ideal, and we've all tried different ways to last longer.
But thinking about Ovi's goal totals or whatever doesn't always delay things
the way we'd like.
Well, the folks at Roman, an online men's health company,
are changing the game with Roman Swipes, the secret to longer-lasting sex.
Roman Swipes are a clinically proven
way to last longer in bed. They're effective, easy to use, fast acting, and the best part,
they do not require a prescription. So you don't have to walk in CVS and everybody knows you
not too soon. That does not happen. Roman can ship swipes to you in discreet unmarked packaging
in each swipes packet is small enough to hide in your wallet for whenever you need it.
They're super easy to use. You just take the Swipes out of the packet, swipe it on, make sure to let it dry,
and you're good to good to good to go.
That's it.
So go to GetRoman.com slash chicklets,
and you get your first month of Swipes for just 5 when you choose a monthly plan.
That's GetRoman.com slash chicklets.
All right, boys, moving right along here uh conor mcdavid had a
nice little house tour with his girlfriend lauren pretty pretty cool stuff if you boys were going to
design a house from scratch what would be the essentials that you would need first three things
absolutely you have to have in a brand new house from scratch bidet i had that written down, too. Heated seat, water, warm.
Ed Jovanovsky had a urinal, which was nice.
Yes, I've wanted a urinal.
I've been told no by the woman in my life.
It's tough to sit.
Well, I mean.
You could squat over it.
Because in the middle of the night when I piss and check bets, you know, the 2.30 a.m. wake up I've talked about,
I sit down because I'm just so to lunch and, like's dark right so just give me a urinal i can just lean
my forehead against the wall do my business and crawl back into bed it's kind of a big wall
this water's cold man oh man uh i have this uh this uh you're in the process of doing this biz. Yeah. I have a coffee maker that I got that is incredible.
And I don't know free ads. I don't want to say it,
but it like crushes the beans and the, you know, you pat it down,
you put the thing in there, pours out the expressional shots.
That would be one thing that I would definitely need in my house.
I have my inversion table that's just
off screen here which helps me that's the most expensive clothes uh clothes rack you have at
your house dude every time i've been there there's just clothes hanging on it well it's it's the i'm
getting teed up for the for the wardrobes for the chickles podcast all that stuff all the free merch
that granelli sent to me uh but as far as other stuff i mean i think that a big one in my next home is going to be a steamer
a steam room you know and after a night of boozing that's what that was the best thing about going to
the rink especially after the night of booze and you could even grab a steamer before uh practice
we talk about uh chris chelios and how he used to go in there with the fucking bike to sweat out all
the booze so that would uh that would definitely be the numero uno on the list right now would be a steam room in my house
i got a steam i got a steam room i don't use it that much uh it gets really hot too it's great i
don't know why i just feel so brutal after i get out of it like brutal maybe i should do it before
bed all right you would have to say a movie theater infrared sauna though for me literally
what i had down is a movie theater room, just like Tony Soprano had.
Remember when like Camilla or all the girls would put a movie on?
They have like all those comfy chairs, the big screen, 100 percent of fucking top.
You don't want the Phil Kessel one.
Well, I'd have one of those for my, you know, for going on fucking with your herbal active cream next to you on your table.
Keep the swelling down
let's see what g would do for us for a new pad i'll keep it simple i just i want an elevator
and i want a doorman because that means no mice and rats can get into my elevator you'll be sick
of that thing in a unless you i think he's saying in a building in new york he wants in a building
in new york because i i gotta take to take a New York blend on this.
So I'm saying I need a doorman.
I need an elevator.
Cause that's, there's no rats in those buildings.
Okay.
Oh, here's another one for you guys.
I think even G would like this golden tea.
I'd love to have a big system in my basement.
So when the boys are over having a couple of pops, you can play that.
I got the old Pac-Man, the original Pac-Man. system in my basement. So when the boys are over having a couple pops, you can play that.
I got the old Pac-Man, the original Pac-Man.
It's Galaga too.
So it's like you shoot two different games.
Jonesy had the video game at his pool house. Yes, he did.
Yeah.
Did he?
It wasn't the big console, the stand-up one.
Oh, he had the sit-down one from like Papagino's
when you were little and shit.
Yeah, they used to have it at Pizza Hut
and some of the ones in Canada.
Hey, get this.
I forgot.
This is separate from the house,
but I just thought of this.
So I'm on a group text that does like football pools
like every week.
Everyone, they send in like picks against the spread
and whoever wins the most, right?
It's a hundred bucks guy or something like that.
So on that group text fairway falls
our boy brian foley writes on uh it must have been saturday morning like three red alarm emojis
three bulldozers and three basketballs attention breaking news five star lock of the year new
mexico basketball over 1,000 tonight.
And I'm like, what the fuck?
Like, what does he know about anything, especially college basketball?
What's he talking about?
So I don't even think anyone ever responded to it.
A couple guys responded to it, but nobody said, all right,
I'm on them with you.
Well, sure enough, I didn't take it because I know Foley's a complete mush.
I didn't take it, but the game started.
They went down 15-0. So all of a sudden the group text is like, great start, Foley's a complete mush. I didn't take it, but the game started. They went down 15-0.
So all of a sudden, the group text is like,
great start, Foley.
What the hell's going on?
I check.
Oh, my God.
Now, Foley doesn't respond.
So I know this kid.
I know fairways as well as anyone, I feel like.
I knew immediately.
This goon called out this lock of the year
and isn't even watching it.
He's asleep.
Sure as shit, he never responded to any text.
He did not watch the game.
He was dead asleep. The next day
we come to find out
not only did he give this loser pick
out of the clouds for no reason,
he had a cousin on Towson,
the team that New Mexico was playing
against, and his cousin had a career
high 25 points.
What a mush.
What a donkey.
That's against his cousin's team in a lock of the century for a 20-person group text.
And the cousin ends up going off for 25.
And if you know Foley, dude, he's a steak.
He's a meat and potatoes type guy.
His cousin's actually last name was Timberlake.
I'm like, how do you have a cousin with the last name Timberlake who's dropping 25 points in a D1
college basketball game? So just a
ridiculous story out of Fairway Falls.
Hey, was he even aware that
his cousin was playing against the team he was
betting on? Yeah, I think so.
I guess New Mexico is very good at
home, but the game was in Vegas.
It was like a neutral site. So who knows if
he even knew that? When he
when I found out he had the cousin, I just lost it.
I was dying laughing.
Throw that and the things that I want in my place
is one of those basketball hoops next to the other guy
where you go when the clock starts.
Merle says he's the best player in the world to pop a shot,
but I love that game.
There's one at Barstow we did.
Going back to McDusty's place, I thought his girl nailed it.
It had a modern flair to it, obviously.
It went with the outside and blended well to the interior.
Yeah, I thought it was fun.
Look at this beautiful view.
That's my city.
That's the River Valley.
Hey, how many pops do you think they've had
inside that hot tub after wins in Edmonton so far?
I would love to hang out with him after wins.
Maybe I can get the invite during the cup finals.
Talking about college,
college bet and college basketball bet.
Have you seen this documentary on Netflix yet?
It's there's a series called bad sport.
Yeah.
I watched that the Arizona state kid,
Arizona state one business.
It's good.
It was back in the nineties.
They basically this,
you know,
one of the players get into the bookies.
And so they started shaving points and, you know you know the because they caught him because the because there
are so many regulators in Nevada they saw there were so many weird discrepancies and bets coming
and they knew something was up and uh yeah they basically like busted him one kid went to jail
ruined his career he was probably going to be a first round pick but it was it's pretty interesting
check it out yeah bad sport I think it's yeah he got he got in bad with some bookies early on and
they basically said, you know,
we got a way that you can get out of this thing.
And sure enough, he was a star point guard at the school.
And yeah, I actually started watching that one.
I never finished it, but definitely an interesting story.
But I don't know if the kid ever had fans removed from a game like LeBron did.
Did you guys see that clip?
Did it come out what they said?
He didn't say specifically.
Then there were some other reports saying that they supposedly mentioned his kid,
like some about his son, whatever.
I don't know.
That's the thing.
What's off limits?
I mean, there are pros.
People are going to say shit.
But, you know, guys probably hear worse than that.
I've never seen players specifically point guys out and say throw them out.
I mean, obviously, if it's really, truly offensive yeah but i don't know what what they said they didn't i think if you're
a fan sitting courtside and you're chirping at the players you're a fucking loser that goes without
saying like you're like it's so bizarre too because you're just right there so like i mean this has
happened before i want to say westbrook has had guys kicked out there was an incident game one of the season with the lakers but some of this this shit that these
fans are yelling these players like they shouldn't have to put up with that i get if it's coming like
i used to have a guy sit uh right right where the tunnel was in la and he used to just bark at me
all game and i would say some mean shit back to him like i could handle it but you know they're
it's a little bit different when there's the glass separation
and or the stairs.
But these guys are just, like, standing right there.
And I would imagine it was enough for him to be like, okay,
I'm not going to handle that because he's probably getting yelled at
every arena that he goes to.
So, obviously, if they cross the line, he's saying, fuck this.
I run the league.
Get these people out of here.
Man, he sure does.
Let's see here.
Have any of you guys been able to check all that Beatles doc on Disney Plus yet?
No, but I'm interested.
Yeah, I put it on one night, but I shut it off.
I didn't last to it.
But it's real.
Yeah, real interesting.
Peter Jackson, the director, he got this old footage of the Beatles right before they were breaking up and they were making, I think, their last album.
And it's a real fly on the wall thing. I mean, the Beatles,
not my favorite band. I obviously respect them, what they did, their huge role in rock history,
but people who've watched it have been, have been raving about it. Cause it's just footage
that you've never seen before. And it gives a whole new perspective on, on why they broke up.
Cause at the time they did it, they weren't all getting along, but it's just so interesting to
see how music gets made and like the creative process. It's pretty cool shit. Would you put them as the biggest band ever?
Is that all the food? Are they the biggest band ever? All right. I'm a, I'm a diehard stones guy,
but I, I, I give props to the Beatles. Yeah, they are. They got here first. I, you know,
they got to America. Ryan said the same thing and that's why he's got the tattoo yeah i i'm like so i'm not
even a really a big beatles fan i don't even have any on any of their albums but i like them i like
their music i respect what they've done and yeah they are the biggest band ever they changed the
world they changed music history and i i have no problem saying that. Okay. I got to check that out. I've recently been,
I can't stand current movies for the most part.
I'm not into like the Marvel stuff.
I've never enjoyed,
but now it's just,
I don't know.
Like,
so I went back,
I was like,
I'm going to just start watching old movies.
I haven't seen.
They're unreal.
Dude.
Glenn,
Gary,
Glenn Ross watched that the other night.
Phenomenal flick.
Al Pacino.
It's these guys selling real estate.
It's based on a play.
Had a blast watching that movie.
Then I found all the president's men,
Dustin Hoffman, Robert Redford.
Unreal.
I've been watching these at night.
After I watch the hockey games, I'll throw these on.
You're turning into R.A.
Finishing the next.
Yes, kind of R.A.
I'm switching to R.A.
I'm getting hot right now. Then I ended up. ended up i'd seen them get your hand out of your pants
all right godfather one and godfather two godfather two might be the best movie ever yeah like of all
time but i'm just on a kick now i'm gonna i'm gonna watch a dead poet society's my next one
um so just like i think the movies were better like am i am i a boomer the movies were
just they were more original they were just i don't know i i don't find many movies nowadays
that i enjoy so i'm going back in time yeah the 70s were a great era that's when the directors
kind of took control of things they had so much creative freedom and you know the 80s the studios
took back over but so many tremendous movies. There's another one between The Godfather and Godfather Part Two.
Francis Ford Coppola made a movie called The Conversation starring Gene Hackman.
He's like a guy who bugs people and listens in on conversations.
And it's crazy to think he made Godfather, The Conversation, then Godfather Part Two.
Yeah, all of them nominated for Best Picture.
Give that one a whirl.
It might be a little slower, but if you're looking for a vintage 70s movie what try that one i don't care if a movie's slow as long as the acting and
cinematography are good yeah that's why i could probably watch there will be blood once a week
oh i watched that last week dude that movie i drink your milkshakes so fucking good he's
incredible that movie is incredible that guy wish he acted more i know he's not he retired that's like the sad when he announced that it's like one of the saddest things ever it's like he's the he's incredible that movie is incredible that guy wish he acted more i know he's not he retired that's like the sad when he announced that it's like one of the saddest things ever it's like
he's the he's the best actor male actor of all time i think he's twice as good as leo and i think
leo's the next best yeah i'm not going to dispute give another one uh what give thief a world james
khan plays he's a jewel thief that was uh michael man who directed heat it's his first movie
tremendous movie thief can't recommend it enough but all right boys uh once again we want to He's a jewel thief. It was Michael Mann who directed Heat. It's his first movie.
Tremendous movie.
Thief.
Can't recommend it enough.
All right, boys.
Once again, we want to remind you, the Sandbaggers drop in Wednesday night.
What time did we say, G?
6 p.m. Eastern time.
6 p.m. with Trevor Zegers and Cole Caulfield.
Good stuff.
Presented by Pink Whitney and Roman.
We need to win one of these fucking Sandbaggers.
And also, we want to thank everybody who's purchased our gift Black Friday over the weekend.
We still got Cyber Monday to go.
We can't thank you enough.
The support means the world to us.
We love you guys.
And any final thoughts from the fellas or what?
No, Wednesday night, I'm looking forward to watching Biz
because it's Pittsburgh at Edmonton.
Crosby, McDavid will be a fun one to catch and watch like a fool,
like a prom.
What's outfit this week.
That just,
just trying to recover from,
from the black on black there,
the,
the,
the prom suit,
but,
uh,
but I'm excited.
We got McDavid,
the most,
uh,
of any team on TNT this year.
And,
look at forward.
I don't know if Wayno's not quite back yet,
but I'm sure he'll be there in spirit.
And for all those of you who watch or bought our merch,
we appreciate you.
Thank you very much.
And I hope you enjoy it because we love doing the show.
I hope you enjoy the show.
And that's about all I got right now.
It's a season of being thankful.
Absolutely. Well, we're thankful for. It's a season of being thankful. Absolutely.
Well, we're thankful for you and have a fantastic week, everybody.
Take care.
As always, we like to thank our terrific sponsors here on Spit and Chicklets.
So huge thanks to our friends over at Pink Whitney.
Big thanks to everybody over at Blue Nile.
Fantastic jewelry if you're looking for a great gift this holiday season.
Big thanks to our friends over at Cross Country Mortgage.
Check them out for your mortgage needs.
Fellas, be sure to hit up Sport Clips.
We love working with them.
Great haircuts for guys.
Big thanks to them.
And huge thanks to OCB Rolling Papers as well.
Once again, if you're looking to make the switch, try OCB rolling papers.
And finally, huge thanks
to our great friends over at Roman.
Fellas, check them out. You won't be disappointed.
Have a great week, everyone.
