Hey, Spittin' Chicklets listeners, you can find every episode on Apple Podcasts,
Spotify, or YouTube. Prime members can listen ad-free on Amazon Music.
Hello, everybody.
Welcome to episode 364 of Spittin' Chicklets, presented by Pink Whitney.
From our friends at New Amsterdam Vodka here in the Barstool Sports Podcast family.
What's up, everybody?
We had a couple of big milestones this week.
A couple of thunderous hits.
We have a homeless team in the NHL next year.
And a goal they'll be talking about for years. Or bitching about if you're torts, but let's say hi to the
boys. First producer, Mike E. Grinnelly
with his new. Nothing's really
too new. We have the Chicklets Cups
sign-ups coming up here on Tuesday,
but I watched Ruff and Rowdy this weekend, which was a
blast, but other than that, just
laid low this weekend.
30 well spent. If anybody out there caught it,
I mean, it's super entertaining.
The fights are absolutely hilarious.
It is a shit show.
Where'd you watch it?
I just see the clips online
because I did the Coyotes game
because it was on Friday.
So I did a back-to-back,
but I mean, I follow along
and it seems like everybody was engaged.
It seemed like this one
had a little bit more pizzazz
than most of them though, right?
I feel like every time they're doing them,
they're kind of finding a way to make it better and better like this rico bosco guy what is his
deal which i don't know r.a and him hate each other i'm boys with rico i'm a rider they r.a
and him hate each other well i could see i mean yeah i could see like it's either you like like
the guy or you completely despise on twitter i you're blocked on Twitter. I will say, as a complete writer, I've asked him before,
how come you just block everyone?
He's like, no negative energy.
I don't need negative energy in my life.
So I think R.A. chirped him out of nowhere, and he blocked his ass.
Because we know he never brings negative energy to the office at all.
Buddy, I absolutely love that answer to blocking people.
No negative energy.
Just fucking swatting it away.
If people bring negative energy, he just blocks them.
Swatting it away.
I live in that cycle.
I don't block anyone.
I used to block when I played.
I don't block anyone now.
There's people out there blocked by me,
but they're blocked because they were all over me
when I was actually playing hockey.
Now when you're all over me, I enjoy it.
Then I was a little butthurt baby back bitch.
That's the most uncomfortable interaction sometimes with meeting people who listen to the podcast.
They're like, hey, man, good to meet you.
Yeah, you got me blocked on Twitter.
It's like, yeah, you probably said some fucking mean shit to me when I was dashed too one night
and I threw a fucking pizza and I sat the rest of the game.
And maybe I got a little sensitive somebody said to me at one of our meet and greets
it's like last year well at least no this is before covid this is before because he's like
hey man i'm blocked we unblocked me i said the only way i want to block you is if you were a
real piece of shit so you're lucky we even talking face to face right now because deep down i hate
you what you said for me to block you is a scumbag move and i don't even know what you said
so after that you get to meet somebody and they're actually they're actually good people but rico
he's a he's block master dude so he's like the cambe mutombo we gotta go to uh another funny
interaction about that i think it was grinnelli in that behind the scenes video i did with uh
avery did he have you blocked grinnellinelli, or was it R.A.?
Yeah, no, he had me blocked.
So he had me blocked, and then when we asked him why,
he said he thought I was rear admiral.
He said he thought that was me, so he was trying to block R.A.
That's a tough answer.
We get him.
There's rumors.
I would let him say yes or no.
There's rumors I'm hearing that Sean Avery's going to be making a comeback
to professional hockey or at least giving it a good go.
So I don't know.
Yeah, there's rumors about that, and that's no joke.
Training this summer and going to camp somewhere,
wherever it may be, on the warpath.
First of all, I would fucking pay to see that.
And then I guess we're probably going to talk about it later but let's talk about it now brendan lemieux quickly becoming
the new sean avery and despised by every single team like i don't know if you guys saw the incident
when he ended up scoring the game we're going by the bench we had felino squirting fucking water
at him somebody fucking like like trying to hit him with their stick like greenway was it greenway yeah like the nhl has fucking gotten to nba nba level with the
drama we got whoa whoa whoa whoa what do you mean dude let's i mean what do you mean we got
we got accolini now chirping vancouver media we got accolini has somewhat of a point, though, doesn't he?
He can't win.
He can't win.
Trouba, is he the new Tom Wilson?
Do we have a new Tom Wilson in town?
We're going to save all this, but I think that the fucking NHL,
now torts, and I know that's going to be one off the top,
but we've got to talk about a few other fun things before we get to that.
Correct, R.A.?
We can jump in whatever you want.
I just want to mention I'm not home this time.
I'm on the road business.
I'm on a top-secret mission for the Chicklets boys right now.
Where's R.A.?
Where in the world is Carmen Sandiego?
There's a holiday inn at Daytona Beach
that's 43 a night that R.A.'s
at. R.A.'s, he's calling
it top secret for chiclets. R.A.'s buddy
called in a favor and he's smuggling drugs
across the border.
No, I am in
Canada. I can't say what it is. It'll come out
eventually. I'm up here to do something awesome. It's a
special thing. We'll talk about it when I'm done. But my mother
legit texted me. She's like, don't bring
anything to Canada with you. I was like like taking weed to canada's like bringing fucking
sand to the beach like you step in a hotel the whole fucking place smells like weed i love how
r.a is approaching 50 and his mom and his stepmom are constantly all over about how shit-faced he
is online and bringing drugs into other countries guys don't take traveling advice especially like
internationally from r.a he can think that it's like the same thing, bringing sand to the beach.
But we wouldn't recommend bringing over a big bag of weed.
Don't take it.
Maybe R.A. can get away with it.
Even you got to be careful with gummies, too, depending on which country you go to and from.
Because I had them in my toiletry bag when I went to Columbia.
Didn't even know they were there because I just flagged them all the time.
Didn't even take them.
And when I flew back in, I got fucking randomly searched
coming home to Columbia, and they wrote me up for the gummies.
They were like, oh, you can get fined 5,000 for this.
They basically write me a warning.
How many times have you been randomly searched?
Weren't you recently, too?
Like, RA's like randomly, and he's walking through the airport
buckled off a four-day heater.
He's the most obvious guy in the world who they have to search.
Eyes are bloodshot.
He won't stop talking to people.
They're like, yeah, dude, we're going to need to search you.
I think I was the only gringo on the plane, too.
That might have had something to do with it.
Yeah, probably.
Yeah, just be careful when you're flying.
And you were dressed like Heisenberg.
Man of mystery.
Where in the world is Rear Admiral?
We got a great guest.
Obviously not right now.
A little later.
Boston Bruins folk hero, PJ Stock.
We talked to him in Boston a while back.
Awesome interview.
Great guy.
Legendary fighter, too.
We'll get to that in a little bit.
Also, it's that time of year for holiday parties and seeing our family and friends.
So don't be a deadbeat.
Grab some Pink Whitney for the gang.
And if that's not your thing, you don't want to hang out with your family your friends they drive you crazy make sure to go
to the bar order up some pink pink whitney there and get a little pink into your holiday season
all right can i talk a little bit about that go puff thing i did absolutely buddy yeah we did a
little collab with them with pink whitney where i went around the scottsdale area dropping off
the orders if you ordered pink whitney during the the saturday afternoon time slot and there was this one guy from vancouver there was a bunch of rugby guys in the house and
they were outside of the zone that i was doing so i was basically like nope sorry can't do it
bud 30 minutes away so we thought we got their location and then we like uh we went ambush style
and we brought a bunch oh after telling them no after telling them hey no man sorry we can't so
we showed up like an hour and a half later,
and there was seven of them in the house.
Obviously, they'd been after it for a couple days,
but brought a big bag of spit and chicklets and Pink Whitney merchandise.
So it was pretty cool.
So we vlogged the whole experience.
A funny little thing we did.
I'm sure it's going to come out, what, probably midweek, G?
Yeah, hopefully by the time this episode drops,
the vlog will be live on our
youtube channel yeah so we you know we're gonna keep doing these like fun little giveaways and
we're you know trying to interact interact with our fan base by uh you know you know surprising
with cool shit so you guys do a lot for us so we're trying to give back and pink whitney's doing
the same so we'll uh we'll keep you guys in the loop for more shit like that. So somebody wrote me a message claiming to be one of the guys at that house that you were at.
Did you really say, hey, guys, here's my Venmo if you want to chuck me a tip?
No.
He did.
No.
Are you fucking serious that one guy said that?
Yes.
No, dude.
Come on.
You're fucking with me, right? yeah yeah okay good good good hey uh just in case you're wondering it's obviously i would have said
obviously i would have said it's probably some guy just trying to stir it up about the fucking
cheapness everybody's chirping about the coyotes thing going on say that i was responsible to pay
it just like how i walk away from all the bills at the tables you fucking guys are bullies honestly you guys are hurting i
i'm a sensitive guy you gotta stop with that shit i ain't that amazing it's amazing though the coyotes
news that continues to break out like they're not they're not even paying their bills with to
rebuttal i did charge them for the merch i i gave them the biz 20 promo code but like uh i'm not
giving those fucking paid hey i'm not giving those mbd sweatpants away for free you fucking kidding
me you know how quality that shit is brother you break out one of those chicklets branded things
to plug into your iphone that can take credit card swipes yeah the square the little yeah this
little square what an invention that is. Jesus.
No.
Anyway, we can move on. Speaking of an invention that I thought of.
So when I had COVID and I lost, like I still don't have no taste, which is the worst thing in the world.
If you want to invent an amazing diet pill, just make it so that it completely crushes your taste and then you
just don't eat and 100 lose weight it's a genius idea wow so think about it not all you know if
you want to lose weight get on a diet pill the diet pill can take away your taste and you just
won't eat there's no reason to eat i don't eat now i didn't uh talk about it now so i got it and
yeah it fucked with my head for about 10 days not being able to taste and and and i i didn't know whether i was hungry or full so you got you essentially got to set your
alarm to like force yourself to eat yeah it sucks man it uh it took me a while to get my smell back
more so than my taste some oh yeah i'm 10 no i'm over i'm i'm like 14 days now, no taste, no smell, fucked beyond belief in my head.
It is an absolute bizarre thing.
But at the same time, I'm thinking, listen, I'm losing weight right now because I'm not eating.
Because I don't want to eat because I don't taste it.
So get a diet pill like that, and I think it would kill it.
You're not eating chocolate MMs or the peanut butter peanut MMs?
It's like not worth it to me it's like
nwt well no I know you got a not worth the calories because like why I don't want to eat
it if I don't enjoy it okay but I'll tell you what you did do this weekend while you were at
home resting was you watched the UFC fights oh yeah they were they were great let's talk about
yeah sugar Sean O'Malley actually um the craziest thing was
was it nunez who lost yes oh my god yeah she was i actually saw a tweet somebody bet like 350 grand
to win 30 grand that she'd win like she was that much of a favorite i know laying that laying that
juice is just foolish but um yeah sugar sean o'malley i had saw seen him fight it was this
summer in july i'd never i didn't i don't summer in July. I know UFC fights, when I watch them, I kind of stay involved,
and then I'll lose touch until the next one.
I'll pretty much order them all.
But I saw that O'Malley fight for the first time, and he was electric.
He's got the rainbow-colored hair.
So I saw he was fighting again.
He wasn't even the top, the main event.
So I was like, oh, this is a great night to get him.
He was dominant first round, knocked out some guy who I think was like 22 and 5 from Brazil.
They said it was going to be one of his tougher fights.
And he made work of him.
Like I mentioned, Nunez lost.
And then Poirier, who I was a big fan of after I saw him kick McGregor's ass.
Well, he kicked McGregor's ass the first time.
And then the most recent one was when he broke his leg, I believe, Conor.
But he was coming back against the guy who held the belt.
I thought Poirier was going to take it to him, and he lost.
So UFC, you had a good point when we were talking about it,
that the lead-up and the walk-in and the entrance in the beginning is like,
I'm not going to say it's half the enjoyment,
but in the end, I think a UFC person would take offense to that.
But for me, who's just kind
of an outside fan like that's the stuff that gets me fired up is the is the beginning and then as
i'm watching these fights it's almost a little bit of i'm waiting for like something gross to happen
and i'm not a big fan of the broken legs the snap knees you know what i'm saying no when the legs
fold in half no thanks yeah i'm always like, am I going to want to see this replay?
If you see a quick knockout, you don't know what it's going to look like when you see the slow-mo.
But I had a blast watching.
It was good.
And it was a huge night of hockey Saturday too, so I was all over that.
I actually did see that Poirier fight, the bar we were at getting a bite to eat up here.
Those dudes were eating some serious fucking punches, man, those first couple rounds.
It's modern day gladiator. How about you're going to try to say the fucking word? You guys know those first couple rounds. It's modern-day gladiator.
Oh, how about you're going to try to say the fucking word.
You guys know what I'm trying to say.
Good movie, gladiator.
Gladiator?
Ism.
Did that win Best Picture already?
Yeah.
Thank you, guys.
Did it?
Yeah.
Ridley Scott.
Biz, I know you took a shot a minute ago,
but you caught a ricochet shot on TNT this week with Max Pacioretti.
Oh, I fucking set him up for that.
I set him up.
Oh, we're going to play it?
Let it roll, G.
I think everyone agrees here on the panel that that turning point of second
missing that open net to put it 5-2 was a big play.
When you're on the bench and that happens, is there, you know,
a sigh of relief and chatter amongst the boys kind of knowing that you guys
were going to turn around and win that game?
Yeah, I mean, you've been on the bench.
You know what it's like.
I think I heard Stoney next to me say it.
Wait, whoa, whoa.
What?
What did you say to me? What did you say to me?
What did you say to me?
I mean, I don't even think he was trying to get you.
He just said it, and he realized after.
But that was fucking classic.
That was hilarious.
We had a great laugh, man.
It made light of the situation.
And, yeah, it was a fun game to watch, man, that comeback by Vegas.
Dallas had such a good roll going, and they let that go.
That missed opportunity by Sagan with the empty net to make it 5-2.
Did you guys watch the game?
I did not.
Yeah, I had that on.
Not like Sagan to miss a big hole like that, boy.
Aw, too fucking easy, R.A.
I'm setting up fucking patch already i'm setting up you i'm the dishing magician right now holy shit snapping around like way no hey patch
ready wasn't chirping you though like the way no no you made us you made it sound like he was
no i know that it was all okay okay it was all it was all fun and then and then to start off the
show talk it did uh about 15 seconds before we go live,
he goes, I'm getting a call from my agent.
And he walked off.
And I'm like, what the fuck?
So we started the show with three of us.
And quickly, I'm like, ah, they play all these pranks and tricks nonstop
to get us like, what the hell is going on?
So he walked out, made a joke that it was his you know, his agent calling about the Philly job.
But I got a chance to watch them.
They've won two in a row.
They beat Vegas, had a great power play in that third period,
and now they got two.
And I actually had a couple pops with Yans and Hayes last night,
so it was great to see them.
They're doing all right.
They said the spirits are high.
He goes, you would have never known we were on a 10-game losing streak.
He's like, the guys here love each other.
Like, we're still confident in the group.
They really like yo, and, you know, who knows?
Maybe they can figure it out.
Well, Biz, maybe you're doing all this dishing because of the shirt you have on.
Trevor Zegers with the assist heard around the world this week.
Absolutely.
He did the, I guess you'd call it the Michigan scoop.
Alley-ooped it to his roommate, Sonny Milano, who batted it in.
Buffalo's just standing around watching him.
He even shocked himself.
I mean, this is an unreal highlight.
Nobody's ever seen it before.
This kid is like, they've got to make him the poster boy.
I know he had him on and he's our buddy,
but they've got to make him the poster boy of the league, boy.
He's just, the interview with Bucciarossi, he's total Spicoli, this kid.
Wait, can we agree that he probably could have just stepped to the side
and made a direct tape-to-tape pass on the ice?
The defense, once I ended up seeing the defender just standing there
holding a stick in the air,
he could have actually slid it on the ice two feet.
He had his stick protected.
He had his stick protected, and then he moved it to protect him.
Behind him.
Behind him.
So he could have walked right
out but the fact that Sonny yells do the Michigan and then he's like no I'll just flick it over the
net and then you could see the look on both their faces are like what the fuck was that
and I don't know I'll send it over to you wet like what do you think of the whole the whole situation
I thought it was one of the most original like best assists I've ever seen
and just the whole way that it was
it happened so quick that you're like
did that just happen?
I actually saw it right away
I was like what the
like you have to see the replay immediately
and Zegers' reaction was the best part
just the look of shock
and him saying to Butchergross or Ryan Callahan
whichever guy he was talking to
I think he talked to both of them
he's like yeah that's like the best play I've ever made in a game to Butcher Grosh or Ryan Callahan, whichever guy he was talking to, I think he talked to both of them.
He's like, yeah, that's like the best play I've ever made in a game.
That is so ridiculous that it actually worked.
Now, a couple things have obviously,
is it arisen a word?
All right.
Absolutely.
Absolutely.
I think that the craziest thing, okay,
well, one is that there's like 50 million views within 24 hours online, which is nuts.
Truly viral from an NHL game, which doesn't happen very often.
Second, not to be Debbie Downer, I'm seeing a high stick on that play.
Yeah, same.
I know it was called a goal on the ice.
I'm glad it was called a goal.
Sorry, Buffalo fans.
It doesn't really make a difference in the end. I'm glad it was called a goal on the ice. I'm glad it was called a goal. Sorry, Buffalo fans. It doesn't really make a difference in the end.
I'm glad it was called a goal.
But if that's called no goal on the ice, no way that stands.
Because to me, his stick is above the crossbar, and he's hitting down on it.
So I know I may sound like a complete debris downer,
but they never did fine, the anthrax guy.
It was a high stick.
The pass itself, though, to have the touch.
Not only I've never been able to put the puck on my stick that way, Biz.
The only time I could is right before the ice was chewed up as the Zamboni got off.
And I'd have to have, what's the Gordie Howe tape called?
Friction tape.
Yeah.
Wax.
So I can, like, the fat guys can do it while moving, let alone the way he was standing still.
But I couldn't do that.
So that part blows me away.
But a lot of guys in this show can now put the puck on their stick that way.
But then the deft touch to not have it flick off like a brutal meat sauce pass
or to not have it fall maybe on the top of the netting.
My regular tape to tape.
Yeah, exactly.
Like it was just perfection and it was so
original and creative and happened so quick that i thought it was one of the coolest coolest plays
i've seen in recent memory in the nhl no doubt we asked them uh what they wanted to call it and
they kind of said the alley oop and i'm like i kind of they got to think of something original
and then i said the shocker because of the looks on their faces but i don't know if that's going
to be able to fly because i feel like there's already representation of that what what do you
think g the kids in the street are calling it the zegras okay all right i mean that's the answer
i'm okay with that i mean is there no video of anyone ever doing that in the professional leagues
i i've never seen i've never seen that like even even uh no i i have seen it attempted
didn't somebody show a clip of of um datsuk did it i believe but i don't think datsuk was
necessarily passing it to directly to someone he was trying to just throw throw it so softly
where it might end up going in somehow or hitting a stick stick skate or that maybe even the goalie's
back but i don't think he was dishing it to anyone when he did it. There was one angle to the goalie's left, actually,
because a lot of people thought it was a high stick,
but there's a lower angle to the left.
It doesn't look like a high stick at all.
It's just because the angle is from behind,
so it looked like a high stick.
But if you see this other one, I didn't think it was a high stick at all.
Well, only the NHL could have fucked this one up
and called it a high stick.
If they had actually come back and no goal, they waved that off,
it would have been just ridiculous.
But in the end.
That would have been worse for the league than them blowing,
than the umpire blowing that perfect game.
That would have been more devastating for hockey.
Look at the amount of views it's garnished in dialogue,
and we haven't even gotten to the fucking torts comment yet.
I don't know.
That dude, that ump was crying.
The guy, like, he wasn't even in the majors a few years later.
Like, that ruined perfect game was horrific.
Oh, who?
The player wasn't in the majors anymore?
I don't even think that pitcher ended up, like, being, like, a major league pitcher for that long after.
Do you remember his name already?
No, I don't off the top of my head.
Annabelle Sanchez.
Annabelle Sanchez?
If I'm not mistaken, yeah.
But it was great, too, to see all the videos,
like little kids trying it.
They look like mites or squirts,
and then the Wisconsin team was trying it, too.
Just the ripple effect.
That was real cool.
Within a day, they had all these videos online.
It was pretty good shit.
But, Biz, you just mentioned torts.
I mean, we want to play those comments?
Gee, should we?
Okay, for the people who might not have heard them at home, go ahead.
First thing I thought of when I saw that goal, Mr. John Tortorella,
was what does Coach Torts think of this goal?
I really want to hear your opinion here.
Yeah, yeah, and it's tremendously skilled.
For Sonny Milano even to yell Michigan in the middle of a play in a game is skill.
That's a skilled play.
My position, though, is is it good for the game?
Like I hear Ray saying all the kids are doing it now, okay, in practice and stuff like that.
I'm not so sure.
And, again, I don't  I'm not trying to be a fool here, but I'm just not so sure it's great for the game.
If you did that back in 2000, late 90s, 2000, you get your head taken off.
It's it it's cool. You know, it's cool to watch and all that.
But I'm not so sure it's good for the game. And I stand by that.
Fifty million views is a lot to see it online.
Well, it's not even it's it's the goal is amazing, right?
I mean, you said the fact that they've actually said that, like I have, you know, kids in that coach in high school that they want me to drop plays off the face off so they can try to score a goal like that.
Just to score the Michigan goal.
But for him to be a rookie, to try to actually try that in a game as a rookie.
Yeah.
You would never even thought about doing something like that.
What would you have said if they were on your team and they did that?
Yeah, I'd have, you know, I'd have a talk with the people.
I would, after the game.
And again, I'm not trying to be difficult about it.
It's fun to watch.
It's really cool.
But I just think our game has gone so far away from what the game should be,
a hard game, an honest game.
And it's almost gotten too showman.
I know you need to have it.
You need to sell the game.
But I'm just, you know, I'm from the ilk of it's still a hard game to play
and a good, honest hockey game needs to be played.
I think some of this stuff here, we could carry it away.
But that's good for the game, though.
The fact that it's been viewed that many times?
Yeah.
The fan that we're trying to attract is the casual fan.
But I think you're losing fans, too.
I think you're losing other fans also when you're attracting others towards this stuff.
I mean, look, we're towards guys here, but that's such an awful take.
Like, how is that bad for fucking the NHL in any way, dude?
You just said 50 million views it got.
You got Black Panther Michael B. Jordan tweeting about it
or talking about it on Instagram.
Like, in what way is that negative in any way whatsoever, Biz?
I mean, I just, I bet you, I mean, remember when Hurdle,
I think it was Talkett who brought this up.
He goes, remember when Hurdle scored the four goals in the game
and the fourth goal is when he went between the legs and roofed it?
Yeah.
And Thornton said he would have whipped his cock out if he did that.
Yes, he did say that.
Thanks for bringing that up.
He said he would go helicopter cock.
Yeah.
Sorry, sorry.
Go ahead.
No, no, no.
I like how you brought that up.
Just trying to get Joe Thornton's cock out of my head so I can make my next point.
So he went between the legs.
I mean, you see more and more guys doing that where it's become the norm.
And I'm sure there were things that fucking Gretzky did that nobody had ever done before.
Did they look as flashy, maybe? No.
But we talk about the attention it's garnered for the league.
We talk about these young kids now
seeing it and being inspired by it so now more kids want to become hockey players and you know
he's he's a he's a fucking zegras is so young in the league and he's already a hero to these kids
so talk about a kid early in his career making more of a social impact on the game because you
think about did he copy jack hughes with a stick toss who
cares they're fucking buddies man like you think any of these fucking older guys like getzlov would
never chuck his fucking stick in the crowd he was probably shaking his head laughing right and but
and then you saw the the between the legs move that people were like ah he didn't even need to
do that he would have had a better take fuck you you. Look at the other angle. He fucking dowdy bit on it.
It was a great little silky move.
And then everybody was talking about that.
And now this.
What's next?
I think that if he fucking pulls off the Michigan goal
in the next little while here,
I bet he fucking has number one jersey sales in the NHL this year.
Or in the next 12-month span. For a kid that was playing in the nhl this year or or in the next 12 months span i think for a kid that was
playing in the american league last year and you know you weren't really sure what was going to
happen talk about making a social impact as a player and i going back to your point ra yeah i
just i mean but hey you kind of goes back to the mcd that we actually had Jim play for on. He goes, dude, McDavid, there's nobody who's improved their defensive
and 200-foot game more than this guy.
And I watch tape on him every day, all day.
And so he's probably saying it just to garner more attention to the sport,
much like probably this wit.
No?
Do you think he just goes old man take?
Because he's like ah
let's get the shit popping here let's get the let's get let's get more people talking about
this and and or do you think that's his genuine genuine take oh that is his 100 you think he
would have pulled him in if that was his player who did that he said that right possibly yeah the
the the thing that i disagree clown the thing i disagree so much with with that
take by tortorella is i'm on i'm on board with a lot of people thinking that the way the game is
played now um sometimes is is is it's a little underwhelming in terms of physicality anger
true beefs on the ice right you saw toronto and Winnipeg have that game last week that was unreal.
There was hatred and it was fun.
And that's what makes a lot of regular season games a little boring at times now that we don't have that as much in our game.
And that's definitely what Tortorella is kind of talking about.
The whole sense of the thing is that the game isn't what it used to be.
And when you bring in these new high skill plays, people look at itill plays, people look at it as a little bit of a circus
as opposed to tough, hard-nosed hockey.
Now, my whole thing is, in the playoffs,
you still get that hockey, dude.
And by the way, this week,
we had two Trouba knockout hits on McKinnon and, is it Cara?
For Chicago, it was scary enough that you stretch it off.
There's still old-school hockey out there.
So to have this actually make you that upset is so crazy to me
because what he's saying to me is that instead of standing behind the net
and doing that move, he would have rather had him do a 1999 old school
wraparound, goalie covers it up, slashes pads, D comes in,
punches him in the face skirmish that's
what torts would have rather wanted that's what he probably would have chose if he could have that
move and that viral that's in his spank bank he would have rather just had like the bissonette
wraparound whack his pad once scrum that's it that's in torts's uh spank bank he's just got
the scrum clips he's fucking yeah he
just wants wraparound that's like number one on the yeah the board before the game it's like
get pucks in deep shots on that wraparound scrum give me that stinky glove yeah so um just come on
like how can you there's just nothing okay so it was bad for the game so going back to kind of that
old quote-unquote old school
jesus christ biz spit it the fuck out old school mentality i was having a tough time doing with
the quotations here jesus can't do two things at once um talk it mentioned that i i joked around
because when when he saw it he goes biz he goes if i was line matched against that guy and he did
it against me he goes next shift i'd fucking run him through the ice and i said yeah i said that's part of the game too i said i i love the fact that this guy's
dancing around there when i mean remember when dak tzouk used to do all these wacky moves and
make guys look stupid on the ice and sometimes they'd even try to line him up and he'd go
reverse shoulder hey if it's if it's fuck if you can catch him with his fucking head down in the trolley tracks,
if he's trying his fancy shit, fucking do it.
Put him through the ice.
I have no problem with that either.
And I still think there's plenty of that in the league.
And you just mentioned a prime example.
Look at McKinnon going through the middle on Trouba.
Boom, back-to-back games.
So I agree with you.
There's still plenty of that hard-nosed hockey
now if we can go to it now already the one on um the one I think about Zegers though sorry
yeah we shouldn't leave Zegers my apologies yeah no no it was just like when you say Trevor when
you say you can run him over like no no doubt go go try to get. But it's not just like this fluke play and the shootouts.
I think he had two assists three games in a row.
And the amount of rookies who have done that, what is it, R.A.?
Kane.
He's the fourth rookie in the last 25 years with multiple assists in three straight games.
The other three, Kane, Barzal, and Panarin all won the Calder.
Dude.
Too bad I bet him last year, not this year.
What I'm saying is he could have stepped around the net
and made that pass.
He makes the fancy play.
They're having a great time.
Ha-ha.
Like, we're the Ducks.
We're taking a big, fat, steaming hot dump
on the fucking Sabres in their building.
No, I would expect in the game of hockey
a response the next shift.
But you didn't see that.
I guarantee you if he pulled that off against a couple certain teams in the league,
that there would have been some fireworks afterward.
I mean, Jesus Christ, he went by the fucking Columbus Blue Jackets bench, I believe,
and went, woo!
And then fucking Voracek went by, and he was fucking barking.
So that alone got the Columbus team going.
Different cultures, which is kind of ironic.
Torts isn't that far removed, right?
So you can almost see how it's kind of rubbed off on those players.
And I don't think there's a right or wrong answer to the like, yeah,
if I was Torts and that guy was on his team, he would be like, hey,
I don't like that type of shit.
Sure.
I don't fucking agree with that style of coaching
for a team that fucking is begging to score goals
when it comes to the hard games.
That's like, why would you complain about any type of offense
that you're getting?
I just think that's the dumbest part.
If I was on that team, the play wouldn't have pissed me off
as much as that he was just blatantly laughing on the bench.
Well, there you go.
Like him and Milano were just full-blown laughing.
And yes, they're laughing at the fact the move worked,
but they're laughing at them scoring against you.
So that's probably why I talk.
It was like next shift, I would just run these guys right out of the building.
We're not here to shit on Buffalo, but if I was the coach of that team,
I would have expected a better response.
Way more of a response.
The thing with Columbus was awesome though, Biz.
Like he scored the shootout goal.
He gave the little spin with the stick,
kind of holsters it, gives the woo as he goes by Columbus.
And then that fight up fucking Voracek,
he comes down and scores.
They start jarring at each other.
Basically causes all this like drama at the end of the game.
Then you get Gibson waving bye-bye
with his glove to the players.
I mean, two teams that aren't rivals, all of a sudden they're pissed off all because he did the fucking fly-by with the woo in their game. Then you get Gibson waving bye-bye with his glove to the players. I mean, two teams that aren't rivals.
All of a sudden, they're pissed off,
all because he did the fucking fly-by with the woo in their faces.
I love it.
It's great drama.
It's great entertainment, man.
Now, going back to that Trouba hit on Cara,
did you think that he got his arm up?
I definitely think it was a lot worse than the McKinnon one.
McKinnon one was clean, coming right through the slot, head down, buried him.
The Carrow one, as he steps up, it looks as if though his arm goes a little bit chicken wing,
and I think that that's what people were complaining about,
but I didn't have a chance to dissect every angle.
I'm okay with that type of stuff not being suspendable,
because I like that hard-nosed hockey,
so it seems as if
though they didn't see enough to suspend him with yeah and uh i agreed with it um so i was confused
at the beginning i was texting some buddies who were watching the mckinnon one live and i even
said i said i don't exactly know because you're not allowed the head cannot be the principal point
of contact but if it's not the principal point of contact and the head still gets hit, it's fine.
And that's what they deemed both of these hits to be.
The reason that deep down I considered them to be no, I'm not going to say no big deal, right?
It was two guys that were knocked out of the game.
Did McKinnon come back?
I can't remember.
He did the third, yeah.
Yeah, he came back.
But either way, you know, Carr was on a stretch, a pretty scary moment that you hate to see in any NHL game.
But it's a physical game, and both guys had their head down completely for way too long.
You know, it was guys that are, like, controlling the puck and not making an attempt to really kind of see who and what is going on around them.
Now, McKinnon, you never see that happen usually.
And most of the time, he's so quick and fast,
guys can't even speed up to line him up.
But that was a slower developing play,
kind of off like a broken cycle and a turnover.
The Carr one is more just like, buddy, you got to pick your head up.
And it sucks to see a guy get injured so seriously.
But Trouba's doing his job both games.
He had a goal assist in a fight right
and I think two enormous hits against a top player on one team and another you know depth guy on
Chicago but still changing the tune of the game and and you look at no suspension so I was I was
fine with it now had he like totally had shoulder directly to face or elbow involved it's a different
story but he caught two guys on the train tracks
their head down yeah and it's like so hard everybody online wants as soon as the head gets
touched guys the way that you skate and always when you're going to make contact it's like
impossible to have like a nice clean hard hit if like some point of the head is eventually not
going to get touched it's just kind of wait is it not the lay of the land at some point
it's going to get hit by something?
Yeah, unless you can just drop your stick and then form tackle them like the NFL
and like wrap your arms around them.
If they want to allow that, it could change things.
That would be a fun time.
But there's even some head contact in the NFL.
You ever seen some of those head blows?
Although now you get a huge flag every time.
But as far as Trouba's game,
listen,
now I haven't watched a ton of him.
So maybe he's kind of been doing this throughout his whole career,
but it just seems like the,
the,
the consensus is online that this is something that he's been,
he's kind of evolved over the,
this year.
Like he's been overly physical and maybe maybe that's because when he came over,
there was no Adam Fox, right?
So he was kind of going to have to be the exception
to provide offense,
be good five-on-five,
and help out with special teams
and be competent there.
But it seems with maybe the fact that they got Fox,
and he's kind of that ace,
that he can focus a little less on offense
and then rounding out other areas of his game,
and this being one of them.
Like, if he's going to fucking lay guys out like that,
I think that that serves the New York Rangers very well moving forward
as these games get more and more physical towards playoffs.
Like, they've never, like, when's the last time
they've really had a lineup that is to be feared?
And he also gets to play bigger because he has Revo.
So now you got one of the NHL heavies.
Now Trouba, I mean, he's a fucking monster.
I mean, look at that fight between him and Landy.
Landy can chuck him.
That's all you need is a number two tough guy.
Why did Landis Scott get extra penalty there too?
Because he just
went up and said hey you want to go it was like it was it was a way he would have asked somebody
to fight had there not just been a big hit so i didn't really understand the extra penalty
uh yeah i i kind of wasn't as dialed into that game so i was just kind of trying to absorb them
all but uh so i don't know the exact details of that he went up and he gave them a he gave him a big time option it was not at all a shed the gloves and grab them and
like we're going for that hit it was like hey you want to do this and troop was like yep no problem
troop mentioned after he's like i don't think i should have to hit after these but i also respect
fight after these i'm sorry i i don't know i shouldn't have to fight i don't think i should
have to fight after these hits but i also respect the fact that guys teammates of somebody I just laid out want to
stick up for their guy and then I'm going to stick up for myself so he he worded it pretty well in
terms of him making an impact and having a fight after yeah Rangers are looking good hottest team
in the league right now I think they've won 12 of their last 14 so yeah he said he had no issue
with it because he also fought Stillman after the hit in the Chicago game I just you know they were hard hits with a bad result in the chicago one but they
weren't malicious they weren't headhunting hits it's you know this happens in hockey it's still
the national hockey league sometimes guys are going to get dinged up we don't like to say it
but yeah it was he was out before he hit the ice yeah he said i don't have an issue with it as far
as fighting after big hit do i think i you have to defend yourself if the hits deemed clean no do i
have a problem standing up for myself if someone wants to stand up for their teammate
no I also don't have an issue with that it is what it is so he's like oh whatever you want to
fight let's go so either way it's part of the game but want to talk to you for a second about
better help going to therapy is like routine maintenance for your mental and emotional
wellness to prevent bigger issues down the road. Therapy doesn't mean something's wrong with you.
It means you're investing in yourself to keep your mind healthy.
And Bosnual Sports agrees.
They're offering BetterHelp services to their employees as an added benefit
to help take care of their overall well-being.
BetterHelp is customized online therapy that also offers video, phone,
and even live chat sessions with your therapist
so you don't have to see anyone on camera if you don't want to. It's much more affordable than in-person therapy and you can
start communicating with your therapist in under 48 hours. Why invest in everything else and not
your mind? This podcast is sponsored by BetterHelp and our listeners get 10 off their first month
at betterhelp.com slash chicklets. That's B-E-T-T-E-R-H-E-L-P.com slash chicklets.
Yeah, Biz, might as well keep with the Rangers here for a second. Timmy Panarin just hit 500
points. He's the seventh Russian to do so, and he's one of five active players to hit 500 points
in 457 games, unless McDavid, Crosby, Ovechkin, and Malkin are the others. But it's incredible that Chicago got rid of this guy.
You know what they have right now in their organization?
That basically has replaced Panarin.
No disrespect to Calvin DeHaan,
but they have Calvin DeHaan in a third rounder in 22 to show for it.
This guy's an MVP caliber candidate, 11 million a year,
and they got nothing basically to show for him.
Recently, the Kane comments, he goes,
like, that was the funnest I've ever had playing hockey
when I was playing with Panarin.
I don't...
We'll get to it later, too.
I think that we need new blood as new GMs.
There's some very competent people out there
who should be getting an opportunity.
But how do you not consult a player like Patrick Kane
if you're management about a guy
you're playing with like that i don't and that was just it's like that was the worst bowman move by a
mile yeah and there was a lot of them there were some tough ones but to get rid of panarin and he
was signed correct when they got rid of him wasn't he signed for like two years how long did he play
for columbus yeah what's crazy is they actually extended him in December of 16,
and then they traded him that summer.
He was making, I think, 6 million.
It defies belief.
They had him for that price.
Now he's making almost double that with the ranges.
Just an all-time front office blunder for Chicago.
Let's give him a Panera breadman nickname back.
He's going to get it back because of this nice little stretch here.
Manjiopani had it for a few weeks.
It's time to give it to the big dog.
Yeah, he is something else, man.
He's been the last three years completely over a point per game,
and then this year he's way over it.
And then even his first two seasons,
it was just a point per game right around there.
It's a special player.
The fact that he's not playing on Chicago is a joke.
I could see why Chief pulls the hair out of his head all the time
thinking about it.
I'd be frustrated as fuck, too.
An old teammate of you guys had a huge milestone.
Marc-Andre Fleury won his 500th game,
just the third goalie in history to do so after Brodeur-en-Rouen.
He did it in Montreal, his hometown, with a two-nothing shutout,
which was his 69th
career shutout, Biz. This is when
you say nice, Biz. Nice.
Better nice. It was kind of cool. I know
fans usually don't root for the guy on the other
team, but he's a local guy. They were chanting Flurry
at the end of the game. They probably weren't going to come back.
Pretty cool moment there. And then the teammates gave him a little
water bath when he walked in the room. But Flurry
is just one of those guys that seems like everybody in the league
likes, and there's nothing phony about it
yeah he is he's just always in a great mood we've he's definitely the most talked about goalie we've
had like we talk about on this show just because all these milestones he can continues to rack up
and and go through but i mean he's what 50 wins away from second all-time? Is that where? I think it's right around there.
Yeah, it's Brodeur, Waugh, and then him.
Three French Canadians.
That is.
And then I think Luongo might be fourth.
So the fact that he's been able to do this and go on a run the way he has for this long,
it's just a testament to the type of guy he is, how good of a shape he stays in.
He's a machine.
He's off ice. he's so dedicated and I think that you know a lot of people did feel bad from him in a
sense he won the Vezda last year right he's had this amazing run in Vegas but then he just you
know he kind of always always playing second fiddle in a sense right and Murray kind of took
his job and in Pittsburgh and and then he gets Vegas, and then they decide to keep Leonard instead of him, which right now the fans are,
I mean, Leonard got taken out of the game the other night.
The place went nuts.
So things aren't exactly going great goaltending-wise there in Vegas.
But he goes to Chicago, and there was rumors he was very disappointed.
And he goes on, and he's able to have this awesome milestone in Montreal.
So, I mean, I'm very happy for him.
We've gotten to chat with
him I think has he been on the show twice G? Yeah he came on with uh with Schmidt and Reeves didn't
he? Yeah they came into the office right? I was talking about him on the Coyotes broadcast and
like such a bizarre career too but like you know things happen for a reason all of a sudden he ends
up in Chicago and it just so happens his 500th win is in Montreal
and he gets to hear his name chanted by, you know, the Montreal crowd.
So it's such a fascinating story.
And a guy, you said, he's gotten the raw end of the deal despite what he's done for the game.
But he keeps on going.
So I'm happy that he got to have that moment.
It's just kind of like a roller coaster of this career that he's been on,
like the way that the season started with Chicago
after having the surprise deal this summer.
But I'm happy for him, man.
I hope he ends up becoming second all-time.
It looks like first is probably going to be impossible to beat, right?
Second might even be asking a lot.
I don't know how long he wants to continue to play.
I mean, he's got a full season or a season and a half of getting wins to even get to second.
Yeah, Brodeur, 691.
That's going to be tough, man.
Someone's going to have to play a long time and be real good to beat that.
He also played his 900th game earlier in the week, just the eighth goalie to do so as well.
So, again, hats off to Marc-Andre Fleury.
Another big milestone.
Our boy Coop, John Cooper, gets his 400th win as a coach in record time.
No coach in NHL history has reached 400 wins this quick.
He's also the longest tenured coach in the league.
He's now 39th on the list of wins.
I said before, I mean, this guy seems to be on the fast track
for the Hall of Fame if he keeps this up, Biz.
Talk about right place, right time.
And he said it during his interview.
He wasn't even going to go down there.
He didn't want to disrespect Steve Iserman.
And then he spends fucking two hours in his office.
And next thing you know, he gets handed this absolute juggernaut
and dealt with all that adversity early on,
not able to figure out how to solve the puzzle.
And they get fucking kicked in the dick by Columbus
and then they come back and win two in a row.
And yeah, very well deserved.
And I mean, I don't see this guy slowing down anytime quick.
I mean, like we could talk about a guy who when he came in the league,
by the time he's finished, like he could be like a Scotty Bowman, right?
He's on that.
That team's going to be relevant for at least another fucking three, four years.
So it's been a wild ride for Koop and no one person more deserving.
Yep.
Congrats, Koop.
You've got to also think about that even though their team was stacked last year,
to lose your best player for the entire  Vasilevsky's probably their best player, but one of their best players, Kucherov's out all last year to lose your best player for the entire you know Vasilevsky's probably their best player
but one of their best players Kucherov's out all last year he still is doing a lot of juggling
right I'm not necessarily saying juggling egos but he's got great players in there a lot of them
want the puck he's got to deal with different personalities this year they have like four or
five losses in regulation they have no point Kucherov's out again. They lost their entire third line.
So, yeah, he has a
great team, but he is able to completely
he has figured out a way to get the most
out of every player that he coaches.
And you see the job Pat Maroon's done
since he's gone there, and they go way back to
the NHL days, St. Louis.
Perry looks phenomenal. He had a slow
start, but all of a sudden he's scoring now.
You can't tell me it doesn't have something to do with Cooper
and discussions with Perry and telling him how much he believes in him
and knowing what type of player he is.
He just does a masterful job at juggling personalities,
which is a lot of what coaching is,
while also expecting a lot out of guys,
but not being a prick day in and day out.
You don't have to be the asshole that we've talked about,
the old school hockey dinosaur
that's always grumpy and miserable.
But you also have to have guys
feel like they gotta be accountable and you have to
demand excellence and you have to do it in a way
that he's done it, which they also seem to
still like the guy. So
I'm happy for him. He's a great guy.
Once we chat on the show
here with him, you can tell he's very
appreciative of the bounces he's had along the way.
I don't think by any means is he not well aware he has great players that he coaches.
But he's just an interesting guy, great quote, great story, and I'm happy for him.
I will say you've got to throw out the fact that a lot of these coaches nowadays
really climbing the ranks so fast and wins.
The coaches before they didn't there
was ties so without the option of ties now it's going to create more wins for players and goalies
who are doing it currently um r.a it's kind of i mean coaches and goalies sorry like when you went
into the you know dealing with the personalities it reminds me of phil jackson and that's like the
appeal i have towards him is like these you know these teams that he had to deal with and you know how he was chucked like i mean
fuck the guy let dennis rama go to vegas for for a couple days didn't he during the season like he
knew he knew how to get the best out of his players and in any way he could do so so yeah he's he's
very very talented in that regard and making each person and each player feel very special and that they're a part of it.
Yeah, I mean, it's as much, like you say,
as managing egos as it is X's and O's.
So once again, congrats to Coop.
Let's see, Jim Rutherford on his way to Vancouver.
He's already there, actually.
The Canucks hired him as team president and interim GM.
He's going to lead the search for a permanent GM.
But how about Bruce Boudreaux getting three wins in a row out of
the new squad? They look like, I mean,
it's a cliche to say, like a totally different team.
It's amazing that it's the same roster
playing the next game with him behind
the bench and just looking completely different.
Bruce, Bruce, there
it is. Bruce, there
it is. That's one of the worst
chants, one of the most painful
chants by a painful, brutal fan base that I've ever heard.
Oh, no.
What do you mean, oh, no?
There's 31 other fan bases who will agree Vancouver Canucks fans are brutal.
No, I said.
They're painful.
They're annoying.
And when they started chanting, Bruce, there it is, I shut off the TV.
I said, that's so typical Canucks fans that I refuse to watch the rest of it.
Bruce, there it is.
What a brutal saying by a brutal fan base.
Did you see what he signed for?
I thought for a guy with his track record, 2 million this year, 2.5 million this year.
I thought that was like below market. And they had just signed Green million this year, 2.5 million this year. I thought that was below market.
And they had just signed Green to a two-year extension last summer.
So right now the Canucks are paying two coaches a total of 4.75 million for this season,
5.25 million next season.
And then the Flyers, they still owe Vigneault 5 million through 2024.
I don't know, man.
Boudreaux, I figured he'd be making at least 4 million.
He's not at that level, no?
As a coach, he's been around for quite a while.
I'm still lucky.
If the coach is on NHL Network, it's like no slight at NHL Network or Bruce,
but they didn't have to give him that, right?
Yeah, exactly.
Yeah, yeah.
He had no leverage.
No leverage.
There's like
No, I agree with you.
He needs your agent, Biz.
What's that?
He needs your agent no i'm
saying is like there's other there's other competent coaches they could they could go get
if they want to make that type of commitment and and also it's like remember if he if he proves
himself for the rest of this year and for half of next year he's already re-upping his contract so
it's like why wouldn't you why wouldn't you as a coach,
given that there's other prospects out there,
say, this is a good opportunity.
They have a very young, skilled team.
There's really no pressure for me to step in this year
because this isn't my fault.
I haven't had enough time to work with it.
If we flip it around, all of a sudden,
now I have all the leverage.
And then halfway through next year, if they get a good start,
he is, I mean, what a good NHL coach's command now.
I bet you he could probably resign for, you know, three, three and a half,
four, and with term for a guy who is, and like as Witt said,
it's no insult to NHL network, but you go from making, you know,
like, you know, 250 grand a year 150 grand a year whatever it may be
to to making three and a half sheets and you're flying private you're eating filet mignon and and
i mean we we joke around your shirt is a napkin we joked we just joked around about the fans there
went from the top ropes there but they have a great fan base when things are going well. And clearly, a very passionate owner now taking shots at the media.
Team Accolini.
What do you make of this, Whit?
I need to hear the exact quote again.
I need it read to me.
You got it?
You got it all right?
Got it right here.
He said, gotta love media in Vancouver.
Two weeks ago.
What's wrong with Accolini?
Why isn't he cleaning house? Can't he see it's a disaster? Why is he so slow to act. Two weeks ago. What's wrong with that? Why isn't he cleaning house?
Can't he see it's a disaster?
Why is he so slow to act?
Two weeks later.
Why is he moving so fast?
Why is he cleaning house?
Can't he see it's a bad look?
Kind of funny, actually.
Sounds like the SpongeBob meme there.
I don't know.
I don't know if he handpicked like the people say.
He was watching SpongeBob, and that's what triggered him to tweet it.
He's sitting there.
Three weeks later. His Louis Vuitton wardrobe.
What did I say there?
I do think it's funny, and it's pretty entertaining that he's tweeting that out.
But I just don't get why he's even, like, you're the owner, bro.
You're running this team.
Like, who cares?
It's like the fact that the media is able to rattle him that much up there
where he's tweeting about it.
I don't know.
It seems to me like it's like who cares what they say, man.
You're running the team.
You can't be letting these people even get into your mind one bit.
I talked to a player recently, and he said he was like, honestly, man,
he goes, it's the worst there when things aren't
going great so i'll just say i think i'm team accolini on this one and i'm all for accolini
versus the media war we talked about him being the new jerry jones i think like melnick was the
he was like the former it guy villain owner i think accolini is he's the he's the king of the
castle you guys agree with me is he not the king is he not the j's the king of the castle. You guys agree with me?
Is he not the Jerry Jones of the National Hockey League?
He's stepping up.
I mean, Jerry Jones is kind of an asshole.
I don't know if Akalini is an asshole like Jones is.
Wow, that is a
I wasn't saying it for that reason.
Why is he an asshole?
I think a lot of people would take offense at all right.
Nope, nope.
I don't know.
Yeah, you can't call a guy an asshole and say you don't know. Why is he an asshole? I don't lot of people would take offense at R.A. Nope. Nope. I don't know. Yeah, you can't call a guy an asshole and say you don't know.
Why is he an asshole?
I don't know.
He just strikes me as the type.
He's an owner, but he thinks he's a GM.
I mean, his team hasn't won in, what, almost 30 fucking years.
He's stroking the checks.
I love it.
He makes all these decisions when he maybe should put out, like, a real football guy.
I know he fucking played 40 years ago or 60 years ago or whatever with Jimmy Johnson,
but I don't know.
I think his ego runs the Cowboys more than anyone. And, you you know look at the decisions look look how they've done the last 20
years they ain't done shit hey oh they're looking good these days though aren't they good this year
they pound yeah they're good i don't know if they're super bowl contenders with the patriots
looking as good as they are again the bills are pathetic oh my. They're getting trounced again by the Bucs. They're going to be 7-6.
But I mean, Jerry
Jones is entertaining.
I think that Aquilini,
he just seems to be so
invested in kind of what's being said
about that team as opposed to just
maybe going about your business the way some
owners do. But you're right, Biz. It is
entertaining and good for our show.
I think you can handpick comments too. If you're right, Biz. It is entertaining and good for our show. I think you can handpick comments, too.
If you go online, social media, you can find so many contradictory comments.
You can say that basically about anything.
Just for the record, I wasn't saying it because I thought Akelini is an asshole.
I think he's very passionate about his team.
I think that the media has been absolutely ridiculous to him.
And I'm Team Akelini.
What's his dough from?
Ridiculous to him.
And I'm T. McElhinney.
What's his dough from?
I believe his family, his father was a developer.
Oh, really? And now I think there's two other brothers in the commercial real estate.
Not commercial real estate.
What am I saying?
Developing these big projects, like big skyscrapers and stuff.
Okay.
So I might be saying the wrong term people
might be yelling at their what would be the vancouver version of rick from red deer probably
vince from vancouver or maybe billy from burnaby trent from trail yeah trail solid place in british
columbia i want to skate in um and i think it's bamf right biz that fairmont
with the beautiful pond you could skate on in the winter i saw some pictures i don't know how i just
thought of that i guess i thought a beautiful british columbia went over to alberta went over
to bamf in that pond but what a crazy beautiful place in the winter to be at gotta get out there
but man the oilers dude we should do a pawn hockey there i'm worried
or we could do an at-press ski event and then i could fucking school you on the slopes just
like i'm gonna do in that chess match yeah you will um are you aren't you a snowboarder
no fuck no no skiing's a lot easier and i, and I like the laid-backness of it.
And I like how you can be a little bit more athletic with it, in my opinion.
Yeah, you're such an athlete.
We should do a group ski trip, Chicklets group ski trip.
Oh, yeah, I know what that means for you.
Already doesn't even make it up the mountain one time.
I'm good.
What do you mean, polls?
Polls for what?
All right, boys.
2022 is coming, and it's time to think about what improvements you can make in the new year.
And why wait?
Here's something you can start acting on even sooner.
Consider refinancing your federal student loans with Earnest.
Of course, make sure you review CARES Act disclosures before you do, very carefully first.
But you should check out Earnest because it's the number one student loan refinancer in the country.
They're in the top spot by helping thousands of people get better rates, lower their monthly payments,
or by helping their customers combine multiple loans into a simple monthly payment.
And they don't charge fees ever, not even late fees.
So take two minutes to see what your new rate could be and don't sweat it.
It won't impact your credit. And as always, you can talk to a real live human if you have any
questions. Right now, Earnest is offering our listeners a 100 cash bonus. So refinance your
student debt at earnest.com slash chicklets. Not available in all states. Once again, you get a
100 cash bonus when you visit earnest.com slash chicklets to refinance your student loan.
Visit earnest.com slash chicklets for more details.
Not available in all states.
Terms and conditions apply.
Earnest Student Loan Refinancing made by Earnest Operations, LLC.
NMLS number 1204917.
California Finance and Law License Number, 6054788, 535 Mission Street, San Francisco, California, 94105.
Visit earnest.com slash licenses for a full list of licenses.
Speaking of loans, it looks like the Arizona Coyotes owners could maybe use a loan or two.
I was going to go back to the Vancouver. Is it Stan Smeal or Sneal?
Yes, Stan Smeal, yeah.
A little shout-out.
Undefeated as GM before we got replaced.
So maybe some clicks.
Good job, Stan.
That a boy, Stan.
All right, Biz, this is the portion of the program
we've got to pick on you a little bit, or your team, rather.
Coyotes, there was a report come out last week that there might be for sale that they might go to houston the
owners and betman said that's not happening and then another story come out i think it was katie
strang at the athletic the team was late paying bills from last year the glendale arena threatened
to lock them out by i think it was december 20th if they didn't pay their bills they basically had
to shame them into paying them they ended up handing over checks they. They blamed it on human error, which is kind of crazy
because they've known about it for months.
Not the first time they've been late with payments.
Then Bettman said, hey, look, they're not going anywhere.
But the thing is, they have nowhere to play next year.
They're not going to be in Glendale.
They might end up at this Arizona Veterans Memorial Coliseum.
The place is like almost 60 years old.
It's got a leaky roof.
There's no luxury boxes.
It's not an NHL facility. And those players luxury boxes. It's not an NHL facility.
And those players, that staff, they deserve an NHL facility, man.
That's what this is about.
It's like, I know people are like, why do you keep talking about it?
It's like, this is the best league in the world, man.
These guys shouldn't have to deal with this.
But there's nowhere else to go.
And as far as Houston, that NHL rumors account, he knows his shit, man.
He said that the Rockets owner doesn't want to buy them.
He wants them as a tenant.
So if they don't have a Houston buyer, then they're probably not going to go to Houston.
And the league is saying they're not going anywhere.
But it's like, all right, where are they going to play next year?
Are you going to put them in this old building?
I don't know.
It's a tough look for the league biz if they've got to stick them in this old, leaky barn.
I guess let's go to Gary Bettman's comments.
He said, yeah, they're not moving.
So he's doubling down here.
And there's no ifs, ands, or buts about it.
It's not generating money.
It hasn't for a while.
They had to take it over at some point.
In this situation, obviously, there's been some not-so-positive articles come out about ownership and maybe the way that they've handled things.
Guys, I do the TV intermissions.
Like, I don't know what's going on on the inside.
I don't know why they didn't fucking pay their bill on time.
I don't know what the arguments are going on between them and the city of Glendale.
But pay your bills on time.
Taxpayers' dollars, I think that, like, you know, the city of Glendale has done a lot for the team.
Obviously, that looks ugly.
They say that there's no issue.
It's been paid.
It was just miscommunication.
If that's the case, then I'm just glad it's over and fucking done with.
Let's move forward.
Now, the arena situation.
I agree that if they're going to play in that building that they're talking about,
I think they're going to have to put about 20 million into it,
which I think is the proper play at this point. We know with this team and the way it's
going to win hockey games in the next three, four years, they're not going to draw hardcore
attendance. Even when the big dogs come to town, like Edmonton, yeah, you might get, you know,
13, 14,000. This arena, I believe seats 13,000. It's closer to where the other arena would be built.
Start growing the fan base in that part of town where more people who it's closer to the action.
Let's just put it that way. People don't have to take a 50 minute Uber ride to go party in old
town after and go back home. Cause a lot of the people are driving that distance to come to the game
so you create this like throwback atmosphere in this old type coliseum there's no boxes who gives
a shit grow the hardcore fan base maybe give discounted tickets to college kids get the
younger kids involved in it fucking a and if i had to say in building the team i'd build the toughest toughest
fucking team in the league i'd make it fucking hell to come in there and play i'd fucking sell
beer cheap but i'd make it an absolute fucking circus that's what i would do personally but it
ain't my fucking team and figure it out there for four years hit the stall button and then figure
out that new arena in tempe and in a perfect
world that's the way they execute it and then things start trending in a positive direction
here but yeah it's been a bit of a shit show dude they even were late paying harry knuckles
guys paychecks like that's so bullshit what really oh i mean rumor has has it Harry Knuckles had to go to the Scottsdale Express
and say, listen, I can't even get a paycheck.
I can't even get my parking validated after I come and work these games.
It's a joke.
I saw a tweet.
Somebody said, you need to find somebody to love you
as much as Gary Bettman is in love with the team staying in Phoenix.
Go ahead.
It's smart, man.
It's one of the fastest growing markets
in all of the United States.
We know hockey is an expensive sport.
There is a pretty big portion of people
that have that extra income
where they could put their kids into hockey.
More guys are retiring and living here,
so the coaching is getting better in this area
so yeah i think i think it's a smart area to to double down with they just things things are
really going to depend on what's going on here in the next couple years but hey man if they can't
get it figured out ra i completely agree with the fact that you're saying this is the best league in
the world there's different cities that could sustain this,
have a winning team, and then help grow the game.
But I think that I would double down as well like Gary's doing.
And do you agree with me if they're able to fix up that rink for 20 million
that they should create that fun little atmosphere
where you're not going to see all these empty seats,
you're not going to have an emotionless emotionless building that was a big word um you know where you know where it's boring
and like everybody's like oh it's dead you want to create that fun culture where people are going
to games like when it was downtown where fucking you got like i mean you talk to the guys when
they're playing here you guys dude you'd see like Rockets with their tits out on the glass.
Like people were fucking hammered.
Like celebrities coming to games.
It's like fucking, make it a fucking rock show.
Make it like Vegas does.
Forget about fucking trying to make it
like it is in Canada.
Fucking make it a scene, man.
That's what they need.
That's why I said 13,000 fans,
fucking give them fucking beer IVs
and Pink Whitney IVs and let's get fucking weird, man.
You know?
We're going to lose.
We're going to lose in style.
Exactly.
You're going to come in and earn those fucking two points.
You're going to be fucking picking up your chiclets off the ice too.
That type of hockey.
Well, at least a modern-day version of it.
Get fucking sugar.
I'll sign that sugar Sean O'Malley if he's not getting paid enough in the ufc roundhouse with a fucking skate on slicing guys
heads off scottsdale trashes damn alligator yeah exactly get that get that danbury look going in
scottsdale yeah i mean like it worked Biz, when they played in the Phoenix Arena.
Obviously, they couldn't stay there because it wasn't built for hockey,
but they sealed their fate when they went to Glendale, man.
If they stayed there, I think they would have been viable.
It's proven hockey works in the South.
It works in the desert if everything's viable,
but when you've got to drive a fucking hour away or whatever it is,
it's not good.
They really cut themselves off at the knees when they ended up going there,
but we'll see what happens. We do want to send congrats out to louis erickson he played in his
1000th game uh last monday versus dallas the 36 year old in his 16th season biz you're gonna get
hit up for his uh his silver stick fund or what you're gonna be hiding hiding in the shadows or
what i i shared a beer with him last night we uh i saw ray whitney uh he was there taylor pyatt
tyson nash a bunch of us all got together at this place called Coach House locally.
It's like a fun little bar.
It's got the Christmas lights all year round.
But around the holidays, it heats up.
So, yeah, man, I was congratulating him.
He said it's obviously been a very long journey, some ups and downs.
But I said, where did you have the most fun playing?
And he said, obviously, in Dallas.
Yeah, he was great there.
He said the guys there, the people there are incredible.
And he's contemplating maybe when he retires whether he's going to stay there
or go back to Sweden.
He says they have an unreal crew in Sweden.
Really?
Oh, man, he's listing off all the guys and some of these dinners
that they'll go to and stuff like that.
So he's got a pretty good life over there.
So definitely an interesting guy and just a really classy individual
and very well-liked.
And just touching on the Coyotes too,
probably going to be bottom two, three teams in the league.
Hoping we get the first overall pick.
We need it.
But despite all the losing, they said that the room,
the guys love each other.
It's one of the best rooms that these guys have been a part of,
and all these veterans and rookies are really getting along,
at least through this hell, because that's what it is, man.
They're getting pumped most nights.
At least they're having enjoyment in the group and getting along.
All right, well, we got some shitty news out of Dallas over the weekend.
General Manager Jim Neal confirmed that Ben Bishop's degenerative knee injury
means the end of his career.
He did an AHL conditioning stint.
He came back for a game.
He gave up eight goals on 34 shots.
He did everything he could to get back, thought his knee was feeling the best it could.
He decided to go out and give it a whirl, and he just can't do it anymore.
He does have one more year left on his deal,
so he'll
just stay on long-term injured reserve you know just tough news he's been one of the better goalies
of the last decade three-time vesna finalist these are some great numbers too record of 222 128 36
with 232 goals against and a 921 save percentage that's impressive as hell on the team of course
there's a crowd increase with hudobin holpe and ottinger but you guys you guys know bishop we had him on the show a couple years ago but you played against
them well i was gonna say like your segue you go from from a guy in playing a thousand games where
there's a lot of luck involved and sometimes injuries play a factor and that's you know
that's how why i think my career was kind of ended short although it was coming to then either way but
it really sucks when when a player you player in today's game is talented as Bishop,
who, I mean, he was a world-class goaltender.
He had everything.
He had the athleticism.
He had the size.
And for a career like that to get cut short by an injury is fucking brutal.
It sucks for the league, man.
It sucks for that organization.
is fucking brutal.
It sucks for the league, man.
It sucks for that organization.
The fortunate situation about all of it is, you know,
they do have some very competent goaltenders.
They got three of them now. So, you know, despite them losing him as a team,
they're going to be okay in that.
But, Witt, this must suck for him.
Yeah, I felt really bad for him having been through the the whole thought process
and and mental grind of trying to come back from injury and almost realizing at some point like I
can't do it that's the saddest part I think like when I look back and think about remembering when
you know deep down like wow I can't I can't do it anymore it's just like it's devastating we've
talked a lot of times on this show about players' careers ending and having to go through the idea of not having that as who you are anymore.
It's difficult.
And to have injury be the reason makes it a little bit more.
Actually, you know what?
I'll go against that saying a little bit.
And sometimes I think it's easier that I was injured
and that's how I knew I couldn't do it anymore
as opposed to being healthy and then having somebody tell you you can't do it anymore.
Maybe that's a little harder.
I wouldn't know because I did deal with the whole,
you can't get it done physically.
And for Ben Bishop to go through that and have the career he did,
I didn't realize he was a three-time finalist.
I thought it was two, but a great run, big Ben Bishop,
and you see a lot of goalies that look the way that he does, and that's big and tall and you see a lot of goalies the way that that um look the way that
he does and that's big and tall and and taking up a lot of room and vasilevsky and and all these guys
who are just so big and athletic and ben bishop was early on one of those dudes who came in and
just made an immediate impact being as big as he was so congrats on an amazing career yeah and
it's kind of like you like like, the aspect of, like,
having your livelihood stripped from you.
But the other portion is, like, some guys who,
especially in the prime of your career, if it's injuries that take it away,
like, chasing that high of, like, the team victory and, like, playing well
and, like, being in the room with the guys.
And, like, I feel like the hardest thing about retiring
is chasing that feeling
again it's like it's such a it's such a natural high on life like being being you know in the
best league in the world and collectively as a group doing it and especially for him as good as
he was it's just like that's what you kind of concern you're with with concern yourself with
with guys moving forward so I'm sure it's going to suck for him, but I hope he can have success in whatever's next for him.
Well said, Biz.
Well said.
The Islanders finally got a home win.
They beat Jersey 4-2 on Saturday.
Lost their first seven games at UBS.
It was the longest streak in NHL history to open an arena.
I know you asked about that, Biz.
So, yeah, they have the record.
Not a record you want, but they did get a W.
They got Brock Nelson and Casey Zizekas back in the lineup.
And, dude, we all loaded up on them early in the week.
That was the night.
I loaded up on them last night, too, Saturday night.
Yeah, it's been hot.
Yeah, because it's like the Ottawa game, we just knew.
We all knew.
Hopefully everyone out there that follows us on social media
was able to get a bet in on the New York Islanders because
they were so due to get a win.
Then I had them Saturday night. I said, they're going to get a
W at home against the Devils. Parisi scored
his first goal as an Islander to make it 3-2.
Ended up being the winner.
They looked really good. Actually, early on
in the game, I watched the whole game
because they were all over the Devils.
Then all of a sudden, they'd go down
the other way and the Islanders would get a penalty.
So it was just like, I was like,
is this going to go down the way it's gone down again tonight?
But they ended up getting a big win, and I mean, it is nuts.
The amount of the difference right now between the Rangers
and the Islanders in points,
no one would have guessed that in a million years.
You got one of the hottest teams in the league versus. You got one of the hottest teams in the league
versus what's been one of the worst teams in the league,
and they're huge rivals.
So we had a game because of COVID get delayed.
I can't wait to see those guys face off again.
But the Islanders need to get it going quick.
And we said that Ottawa game was a must win
because this past week, if they'd lost all those games too,
it might have been over.
It might have been too difficult for them to come back
with how good the division is. Now you never know because i think they got a they got
points and they lost a brutally heartbreaking game to the uh predators i think it was thursday night
where they gave up another goal like 10 seconds so they didn't even get a point but they had been
getting points even in the games they didn't they didn't win leading up to that so the islanders
need to go on a run now.
But that first home win is really what they needed.
I'm glad you brought up that Preds game because despite how old and maybe slower Zdeno Chara is,
I still recommend as a player you do not fight him.
I don't know what kid fought him.
It was a Russian.
And he was willing, dude.
He's an animal.
He was hungry for it, and he got it.
Bloodied.
Absolutely bloodied.
He got bloodied up.
Hey, you're fucking, after you're fighting that guy,
you're allowed to fucking carry your balls around in a wheelbarrow.
That's for sure.
I think I saw the fight log before he'd fought this guy,
and it was only Matt Martin, Pat Maroon, and maybe one other guy.
So those are the big dogs he's been fighting over the last, like,
seven or eight fights.
Yeah, he fought over the weekend, too.
He fought New Jersey's Mason Gitts for another hit on his teammate Dobson.
So his last 12 fights over basically the last three years,
four of them with Maroon, talk much, three with Martin,
and then two with this Trenton guy.
He's already fought him twice.
Wow.
Yeah.
I don't know what these guys are thinking. Very interesting.
Dano's looking to chuck him again
because I think he knows he's not the player he was
which is obvious. And what am I going to bring
to the team? I'm going to start beating the shit out of people.
Basically,
Chara's looking to add and do whatever he
can to help out the Islanders.
And that is a nightmare for the opposing
team. Add it towards the
spank bank.
A wraparound and a chara fight.
Juergens.
Do you see CM Punk doing his Whitney imitation,
shitting all over the island, this fan?
That's easy to do.
Oh, my goodness.
He is so funny.
That guy is so good on the mic.
So I don't follow a ton of wrestling.
Who's the guy with the Burberry scarf?
He seems to be like the new heel.
I don't follow wrestling.
No idea.
I just saw the CM Punk.
Good try, though.
Good try, though.
I love it.
He's like, I don't follow wrestling, guys.
Who's that new guy?
I don't know.
Oh, no, that was you in the Louis scarf last pod, you pigeon.
Yeah, I'm looking like a guy trying to stay warm with style.
Well, Biz, I mentioned earlier it's the holiday season, and who's been
boozing this holiday season? You want
to be ready to bounce back the next day with
no days wasted. Their
exclusive holiday sale is live now.
Everything 30 off for chicklets, listeners
only. You want to stock up for the holidays.
Perfect for gifts. Stock and stuff
as holiday parties. Also weddings if you
go to those. If you're going to be hitting the sauce, Biz,
give them the spiel.
DHM Detox, yeah.
We're giving them 20 with the Biz 20.
Risk-free trial.
It is the vitamin for people that drink.
They have amazing products.
Gee, you crush the gummies nonstop.
Get your vitamins every day.
They got the hydration replenisher.
The DHM Detox itself, that was the first product that they launched.
Remember, this is risk-free.
You don't like it, you send it back.
I hand this thing out.
Weddings, bars, wherever I go, easy to bring around.
Two tablets for every 10 drinks.
You insert them in your mouth, grab a swig of water, and drink away.
And the thing in it is natural.
What am I saying?
Ingredients?
The ingredient.
It naturally breaks down the toxins of the alcohol before they get to your liver,
so it helps you out a little bit.
Oh, my God.
I'm fucking fumble-fucking the back end here.
Anyway, Biz20 promo code DHMDetox.
No fucking days wasted.
Get the hydration replenisher.
I drink them every day.
I just crushed a full one while we've been on this Zoom call.
So there you go.
I got a little bit left.
DHM Detox is a 100 risk-free purchase on your first box.
So if you don't love it, they'll refund you.
They also just dropped a limited edition hydration collaboration
with NHL player, NFL player Chase Claypool.
Oopsie.
Oh, what a.
Nice play this week, Chase.
Yeah, yeah.
Let's finish the read.
A portion of the proceeds will be going to Chasing Hope,
a mental health awareness and suicide prevention charity.
So try the new flavor, get a signed collectible trading card,
and give back to a great cause.
Need DHM Detox delivered quick?
No Days Wasted is now on GoPpuff so that means delivery to your house
a party or the bar in 30 minutes or less just head over to gopuff and search no days wasted
we're gonna hit you with the promo code biz 30 for 30 off you go to no days wasted dot co for no
days wasted after drinking 30 off biz 30 that's nice i thought it was a Biz 20. No, a Biz 30.
Now, as a buddy of Chase Claypool now,
because we work for the same company,
I have to defend him.
Now, I know he was being sad
or had to get punished for something earlier in the game.
When they ended up needing that first down
or have to stop the clock,
or they got the first down, excuse me,
his quick point took like
no time the guys wouldn't have been settled in by then and then he turns around and the guy from
the other team knocks out the ball and i think that his fucking teammate kind of overreact a
little bit and that's what fucking caused the ruckus no man i thought i thought his first down
celebration was like three four seconds
edition man like right but but nobody was set at the line by the time those guys ran up from
where he caught it like it it was more about how he was so adamant about like getting the
celebration in and like getting that first down call done like it was like but the the thing being
the most shocking thing being that he'd
already been in trouble like he's already like in the coach's doghouse and he's still like bro
figure it out i i agree with that one yeah he he probably should on his p's should have been on his
p's and q's and he wasn't yeah all right well and then he and then I guess he blamed his teammates so
yeah he's the HFD talks
you're a fucking clown I agree with him though where when his teammate ran over he kind of made
a bigger deal out of it and then the ball ended up fucking falling because but but i i thought initially it was the teammate but it was actually the guy from the other team
who swatted out of his hand like a vet no i don't think anybody took into account it was the guy
from the other team who knocked the ball out of his hand so like i don't that i think that probably
should have stopped the clock right there so i think uh wrong wrong year to uh to be doing that
in uh in pittsburgh i'm sure Mark Madden was normal about it.
I love watching that team lose.
Yeah.
Oh, yeah.
Enough football talk.
What do we got to talk about now?
A couple more notes before we send it over to PJ Stark.
A couple suspensions to get up to speed from last week.
Neil Pionk, Winnipeg's defenseman,
he ended up getting two games for knee in Toronto's Rasmus Sandin.
And then in response to that, of course,
DeSpetza who kneed him in the head whether he meant to or not.
He got six games.
This is a guy who's played almost 1,300 total games in the NHL,
never been in trouble.
He is going to appeal his decision.
The NHLPA is going to appeal on his behalf.
Sandin and Mitch Mann are both on IR for Toronto.
Mann heard his shoulder when he bumped into Muzzin during that practice.
He's going to be out three to four weeks.
So Toronto's got 12.5 million on long-term injury reserve right now.
They're using about 5 million of it.
So did you think those suspensions were worthy of it or appropriate?
First, I'll go into the Marner was pissed off at Muzzin.
You saw that clip online of where he's like adamantly,
I don't know what he was saying, but basically you fucked me up my shoulders hurt now and you could tell he's uncomfortable got off the
ice they can't get him till december 27th now the spezza hit um so biz do you know how did you see
the hit in practice that he gave no they don't have video of the hit or i haven't seen it i've
only seen the discussion after where marner's adamantly telling him like basically i'm pissed off what are you doing and Muzzin's sitting there giving the like obviously I didn't
mean to or whatever he's saying yeah folks so we should talk about that a little bit so
some of the some of the best teams ever you talked and they said our practices were so hard and then
it was games became easier so there's a level of intensity that you want your practices to be,
but then there's the,
the fine line of like,
you know,
when you're doing a battle drill or a one-on-one or maybe you're,
maybe you're doing a zone entry drill and all of a sudden Mitch Marner comes
through the middle and like,
maybe he's not paying as much attention and isn't a game.
Cause he's assuming nobody's going to light him up on his own team.
Well,
I mean,
you know,
Munson's trying to play hard in practice
and establish good habits.
So, fuck, man, there's definitely a fine line.
So without seeing the video, it's hard to say anything.
But ask Jans.
He'll remember this one.
We had Nolan Yonkman on our team in practice,
and he fucking lit me up through the
middle they were like this is the biggest hit they don't even know how i got up from it
he just fucking flat out down the head down fucking rocked me like i went black and like i
it took me a good like 20 seconds to like come to and figure out like it shook me to the core
nothing ever to have no one went over but like
you know as mad as i was i was like well keep your fucking head up so ask him about that
the guys were fucking they were trying not to laugh because i was so choked up afterward
but you go after him or you were more like you were out of it i was so out of it at first and
then i was pissed about how hard he rocked
me in practice but you know when the guy you know when the guys are trying to be there you know when
the guys are trying to be there for you but they're giving her like the fucking jersey pull up like
kind of chuckling they were giving this egress laugh at the alley oop yeah at your expense yeah
it's funny i'm telling this you were the sabers Sabres. You didn't do anything. Yeah, I was the peasant Sabres.
Where were we?
We were talking about the collision or whatever happened between Marner and Muzzin.
Okay, but the suspensions.
Yeah, the suspensions.
So Spezza appeals it.
Do you know how the appeal process works, Biz?
Where it goes to Bettman and Bettman can make a decision.
Bettman can actually add games, which has never been done.
And then if the
player still doesn't agree or betman decides not to make it less then the player can go to the
independent arbitrator so the funny thing is i think spezza's they'll get it figured out by the
end of the suspension like it'll it'll be like yeah we're gonna do the we're gonna be able you
can appeal it yeah the day of the sixth game and then he'll get his six bucks back uh for the games
that he missed because like that's basically  compared to what he's worth,
to what he's making.
I'll say this.
It was a blatant  if it had not been on the player who had injured Sandin,
it's not six games.
Fair.
But Pionk being the one who just took out his teammate,
he sees him go a run at him.
I think six games is about right.
It was a knee directly to the face.
And I know you said it could have been a sense of bracing yourself
and guys at your knees.
It looked to me there's a video or a still image of him
just leaning into him, looking to get him.
I haven't heard any of his comments.
Obviously, if he's appealing, he doesn't agree with the fact
that there was intent there and he's going to plead his case.
I mean, that assumes that Jason Spezza, if I was talking to him face to face, he'd be like,
Biz, like I wasn't trying to knee him in the head.
I would, I have no reason to believe he'd be lying to me
based on his play over the course of his career.
But the fact that he got six games based on how it looks
on camera and the logistics of it, I just like,
I'm not going to, I'm not going to, I'm not going to go
fucking old man yells a cloud torch style here. I'm not going to go fucking old man yells at cloud torch style here.
I'm not going to go off the rails.
His track record, he gets the benefit of the doubt for me,
given his track record, 1,300 games.
I don't think he's ever been disciplined at all.
So either way, moving along, Winnipeg is also going to be without forward,
Blake Wheeler.
He's going to be out for what was called the lengthy amount of time
after that awkward collision in front of the net.
His leg just went one of those
ways you hate to see a guy have that
happen to him. So obviously we wish him
the best and want to get him back out there, but that's a huge
loss for Winnipeg, no doubt. Big time. And he just
scored his first goal in that game. All of a
sudden he's going to get going. A very
emotional game
on the road against the Canucks. So
that was the game he got injured, correct?
The game that he scored in against the Canucks?
You know what?
I think so.
I saw the collision five times, but I was so busy watching him,
I didn't even write down the opponent.
If I'm wrong, you fucking Winnipeg fans can yell at me.
You've done it before.
Not the first time.
All right, boys, I think we should send it over to PJ Stock,
the ass kicker from the Bruins back about 20 years ago.
But first, we want to let you know that the interview was brought to you by Roman.
Most guys have tried different ways to last longer,
but thinking about puck lines and prop bets don't always work.
That's why the folks at Roman, an online men's health company,
are changing the game with Roman Swipes, the secret to longer lasting sex.
Roman Swipes are a clinically proven way to last longer in bed
because, guys, you know, you want your partner to give you props props out you don't want to be called a chump out there and they're effective
easy to use fast acting and the best part they don't require a prescription at cvs so people
don't see you popping in there no your ship comes in too early nah none of that roman chips swipes
to you in discreet unmarked packaging and each swipes packet is small enough to hide in your
wallet for whenever you need it they're super easy to use you just take the swipes out of the packet
swipe it on let it dry and you're good to good to good to go that's it so go to get roman.com
slash chicklets and you can get your first month of swipes for just five dollars when you choose
a monthly plan that's get roman.com slash chick. Don't be a chump when you hump.
And now, PJ Stark.
Well, it's a treat to bring on our next guest in the place where he became a folk hero about 20 years ago.
Though he was never drafted and never the biggest guy, he carved himself out a role as an NHL fighter and became a lineup regular with the Boston Bruins.
After retiring in 2004, he made the switch to media, and these days
you can see and hear him up on RDS
up in Montreal. Thanks so much
for joining us on the Spittin' Chicklets podcast.
PJ Stark, welcome back to
town, pal. Always a pleasure. Great intro,
R.A. Holy shit. I couldn't
fuck that one up. No, you read everything that
I wrote.
Thanks for reading it perfect, R.A.
Two things. Two things.
Three things.
A, first of all,
my favorite town in the world.
The cool thing about playing pro
is we get to go to every city
in North America.
And this is like my favorite.
The memories kind of help.
So that's one.
Two, I'm a little pissed
that I did not get
the heads up on the sweaters.
Like I would have...
I didn't even know
until I got here
that I was wearing
the ugly sweater.
No, it's a great sweater.
You look good.
I appreciate that. It brings out the redness in great sweater. You look good. I appreciate that.
It brings out the redness in your eyes.
It's awesome.
I'll get you a Biz 20 promo code before you take off tonight.
And the third thing, I've never been on a panel with other pro hockey players
where I'm not the guy with the least amount of points.
So this is going to be awesome.
Least amount of points and games.
I noticed that you were a bit of a suitcase,
but you still ended up getting more games.
Well, yeah, I was wanted by more teams.
That's what it was.
And I stopped early.
I could have kept going.
Hey, the best part about it, though, three original six teams,
those are the places you go and it's like top notch,
like A-plus service, the fans, everything.
You feel like you're a rock star.
Well, you were. Yeah, the fans, everything. You feel like you're a rock star. Well, you were.
Yeah, but you got to play.
You know, Boston was awesome.
Four teams, the coolest thing was obviously starting off in New York.
I was coming out of a crazy story there.
I never thought I'd play a day pro ever, ever.
I was at St. Francis Xavier University.
I saw you at Canadian.
We played them at BU.
Yeah.
I mean, this was after you were there,
but that was one of our exhibition games every year.
Yeah, so we played. I was at BU. Yeah. I mean, this was after you were there, but that was one of our exhibition games every year. Yeah, so we played.
I was at St. Francis Xavier.
I was defenseman until that year, pretty much.
Offensive D-man?
Oh, sick.
It was the funniest thing.
Well, I saw you at some points in junior, too.
Well, I was defenseman, but then I go forward, and for some reason, I'm now an ambi-turner.
I can't turn to my left.
I can't shoot.
There was no puck.
I was a pretty good player.
But defense, I was okay.
I went forward my last year of junior and I wanted to play
forward in St. Francis
Xavier University in Antigonish.
I had a couple offers in Canadian
school. Once you play junior, you can no longer go to the
States, right? And that something was a dream of mine
growing up watching Notre Dame football. I wanted to
come down and go to the States.
Really? Yeah, I wanted this dream.
So I left home at 17,
because in Quebec,
a lot of the American universities don't come there
because they think everyone's Francophone.
So they go to more middle Ontario
or middle Canada or BC.
So I left to go to a place called Pembroke, Ontario.
And just 18 years old after two years, having a couple of okay years there.
They were real good years.
Well.
I mean, I don't know how good the league was.
What is that, Junior B?
There's Major Junior in Canada.
Yep.
And then there's, they call it Tier 2.
It's the next level down.
It's a good league.
It's a good league.
It's where a lot of guys go before they go off to university.
Everyone.
So you're playing against a lot of older, decently established guys who just grew into their bodies more.
Yep.
And if anything, some of these good teams that paid a lot of guys, they could compete with OHL teams.
Daniel Zubris is actually  actually, Pembroke had a pretty good history with some players.
Peter White was another player that was in that organization.
The same league as Bramalee, right?
Bramalee. I? Bramalee.
I remember Cam O'Leary played.
I thought it was the Ontario Province Junior Hockey League or something.
You know what, Cam?
I'm not exactly sure.
I've got nothing in front of me, so I'm going to say.
There's a couple pockets of it that are stronger.
This one was one.
Zubris actually played.
Daniel Zubris went out to Philadelphia, played in Pembroke.
And he got drafted in that league to the NHL, which is crazy.
But the moment you play a couple seconds in a major junior game in Canada,
you're done.
So at 18, I went 19 junior to play with my brother and figured.
Had you got no offers?
Yeah.
My parents thought I wasn't ready to go to the States.
It's crazy.
Like culturally or just like socially?
Like I'm about, I'm 46,
the most immature 46-year-old you can imagine.
Imagine me at 18.
Hey, it worked out, so maybe they were right.
Yeah, it was a crazy decision that they,
you know, a couple of schools, it's all French back then, right?
There was no East Coast back then.
Now there's teams all over, Halifax and PEI, but there wasn't back then.
So there was a couple of teams that were won in Gatineau Hall, which is right around Ottawa.
So anyone that wanted to go to an English school, you can go to a university in Ottawa.
Or there was a team in Laval, which you can go to school in Montreal.
Besides that,
it was all little pockets all over Northern Quebec.
And the team that was going to be drafted,
drafting my brother,
uh,
said,
Hey,
if we'll drop your brother higher,
if you're willing to come here and we'll give you a school package in Canada.
And I decided,
yeah,
I'm never playing a minute pro.
I just want to go to school.
And now I have an opportunity to play with my brother.
Yeah. You know, it's easy. Of I have an opportunity to play with my brother. Yeah.
You know, it's easy.
Of course, not an English team drafted my brother.
A small little French town in Victoriaville drafted my brother.
So in studying for this, I did study a little bit.
I saw you.
I saw you.
He's like, I had to show you the page.
I got some Coles notes on HockeyDB.
You got a free signal at the public garden.
So even though you didn't think that,
did you still care about it
more than anything?
Because, I mean, obviously
for somebody to want to fight
and do what you did on the ice,
you were giving your blood,
sweat, and tears into it.
What made you so tapped
even though you thought
there's no way I'm going to ever play
in even AHL or East Coast?
Everything I kind of do,
I kind of do a little bit too much to the far side of it.
You go all in.
I go all in sometimes and maybe a little bit not as much.
Well, people can't see, but I walked in with a brace on because I'm still playing rugby because I'm a moron.
And it's just kind of like, I just can't.
You're an adrenaline junkie.
Well, you know what?
Especially for what the biggest thing I think for a lot of ex-players,
and even pro, like when I played  I shouldn't be saying this,
but I don't care.
I think one of  you guys can edit, whatever.
But no, I think two of the things were  maybe drinking was a bit of a thing when I played.
People might have said steroids.
No, I thought drinking was a little bit.
But gambling was something that was
because you're always chasing that next little high.
That next little high.
And back then, again, I'd never gambled, but I had players that I played in some big cities
where they used to have the ticker going around in the buildings, right?
So guys would be on the bench, and we'd be up 5-1 or down 5-1, and you'd just hear,
holy shit, did you see the Jets score?
And then their game would just go to like, so that was something I thought,
that was never a high for me.
Me was always like, you know, playing the shift to the hardest or like even,
I remember a couple times getting out there and the coaches just say,
just don't do anything, just, and the moment you get on the ice,
you take a penalty.
And you're like, no!
I was so close.
The only thing I wasn't supposed to do.
Like eight seconds in, you're like, no! I was so close. The only thing I wasn't supposed to do. Like eight seconds in.
It was like, ah.
So, I mean, I'm looking at this.
So you go play in the Quebec League.
Actually, speaking of gambling, the first year you played with the Daigle.
The Daigle.
Well, that's the lockout.
The lockout.
Oh, that's why he was there.
He came back from the lockout.
It was first overall pick in Quebec.
That was my first year.
I came back and played with the Daigle.
Sorry, he came back. And the funniest thing was my first year. I came back and played with the Dagle. Sorry, he came back, and
the funniest thing was
everyone was French. The only two French people,
English people on the team were me and my brother
in a French town.
They were awesome to me, but at first, it was
a little hard. It was a little...
Yeah, that's deep into Quebec, right?
It's like being a Bostonian in Montreal.
Yeah, it was hard. I got threatened by a couple
teammates at one point because Jean-Hermel was our coach
and former Montreal Canadiens defenseman who lost his eye in the Black Friday fight against
Quebec Nordiques.
Oh, yeah.
Montreal Quebec 87, I think.
Yeah.
So, great man.
Awesome coach.
And I'm 19.
I'm a rookie, though.
And I'm running the power play.
So he draws everything up and says everything in French,
and I go out, and I break out.
The coaches are the ones for checking.
I step one way and make a pass, and it was a great pass.
I thought it was a great pass.
It was tape to tape.
It was tape to tape, or tape to stick.
Anywhere.
Tape to skate, I mean.
Tape to skate.
It was anywhere.
taped to stick anywhere or taped to skate i mean taped to skate it was anywhere but uh it ended up being like um he blows it down you know throws the puck tap back in and i go back and do it again
and he looks at me and i'm like i don't know what i'm doing i thought it's right i break out again
and it's this you know i do another pass thinking that's where i want another great pass another
great pass why are you blowing the whistle coach yeah so he's like what are you doing he comes up and whispers to me like what are you doing i'm like i
don't know i thought that's what you said so he brings the entire team back over to the board uh
and but now explains it in english i'm the only english guy with my brother and explains
the the whole thing in english now and i love Jean. And it didn't go over so well
with some of the teammates at that time
because back then it wasn't doing that.
They did not like the fact that that happened.
Jesus Christ.
Yeah, yeah.
It was crazy.
Holy shit.
I wasn't sure you were going with that.
No, no.
So the practice ends.
This is how my junior career pretty much shook off.
So practice ends with a couple guys
almost threatening me, telling me not to...
Like, figure it out, basically.
Yeah.
Get some Rosetta Stone, buddy.
I don't want the coach having it.
Yeah.
I don't want the coach having it.
Bring a fucking translator in, you asshole.
You moron.
And I...
By the way,
they were two good passes.
Back to those passes.
So anyways,
he's like...
Anyways, a couple guys pointed me
and said,
don't ever make him do that again
after practice cornered me.
And I called my brother up that day. Back then, there was no cell phone, so obviously, call the hell's phone pointed me and said, don't ever make him do that again after practice cornering me. And I called my brother up that day.
Back then there was no cell phone, so obviously call the hell's phone.
And I said, Dean, don't come to practice tomorrow.
I'm going after every one of those guys that said something to me.
And that's where it all kind of just, I practice.
You know when you go over to do three-on-twos and you're dumping the puck in?
I'm taking a slap shot right at that guy.
We're doing one-on-one drills. It wasn't over until the guy was like on the bench it was like i was i'm
gonna get destroyed or they're gonna understand them all out yeah and it was um it was that start
of that year that kind of uh and then of course the dagle comes back and and that did that help
your relationship it did because he loved my brother.
He was really awesome.
He was best friends with my brother.
So it was awesome.
What about the teammates that you end up pumping?
We traded a few of them away.
Really?
They understood me.
It's not my fault that I took French in school.
My kids take the highest level of French possible.
It's just the moment you leave school,
I'm in an English environment.
I'm only speaking English.
So it was hard.
But once they understood me, I understood them.
It ended up being my best hockey decision ever.
The people in Victoriaville were absolutely amazing.
You look at my stats, which are not great whatsoever.
Well, I don't know, though.
I was going to ask.
We had Corson on, right?
So he was a pretty big scrapper.
Back then, off the ice, were you getting in these Donny Brooks?
Seems like you had a bit of a quick wick.
Or were you able to control it off the ice?
I was good off the ice.
I mean, everyone in 18, 19, 20, 21 has had a couple too many cocktails and says the wrong thing.
Yeah.
Not me, Mom.
Never me, Mom, just in case you're listening.
And you better be listening, Mom. So he tells his gangs in New York story.
I'm going to quiz you on this interview, Mom.
First 12 mayhem.
But no, it was a good switch.
And the fans there were awesome.
And the one thing, starting there,
what led me for the rest of my career,
they don't care how good you are. This is what I try and tell. Be memorable. there were awesome and the one thing i'm starting there what led me for the rest of my career they
don't care how good you are this is what i try and tell be memorable be remembered and people
appreciate effort and work more than anything else how old are you when you first on ice fight and
what level is that at i first well there was 10 was going to say. 83. You know those little viral videos you see now of the kids going at it?
It's so awesome, man.
That was fucking PJ.
There was no camera back then, though.
Way to go, Paul.
No.
But where was, I guess, sanctions?
Where, like, y'all?
Yeah, it's a funny story.
I was in that league where I'm going to this.
So I grew up in Montreal, playing in that league in Ontario.
And the closest place is Hawkesbury.
About a half hour, 45 minutes from my house and all my friends and family and everyone comes to see. And, uh,
my old, there was a girl I was dating at the time. She came to watch me play. And back then,
of course you couldn't call you'd write letters, right? That's how we did things back then. Yes.
Kids watching. I was, that's how it was back then, you'd write letters so um that's making me sound old but um yeah yeah so anyways uh i play and i played i used to love
making big open ice hits and i hit on that team was marty saint louis and eric perry who were the
studs of that team and every team does like the same stupid breakout back then um defenseman
behind the net one guy curls this way and their best player always curled to his backhand side
the defenseman would come out great tape to tape pass but every team had the same breakout and i'd
run that guy and hit him elbows knees feet everything and um spider monkey and i and i was like i hit a guy and they send their their back then even though we those
cage talkie they're tough guy after me and i'm like all my friends are here family girlfriend
i'm gonna kick this guy's ass so i take my cage off i take my helmet off i'm you know like this
well the other guy left his cage on and kicked the shit out of me.
Oh, no.
He just went.
He was punching me in the head.
I was trying to undo the screws.
I was like this.
I got beat up so bad.
So after the game, all my friends and family are there.
And they're all like, hmm, that was good, PJ.
They're all trying not to look at me.
I got like eggs everywhere.
And the girl that I was dating at that time
never returned one of my letters again.
Oh.
I was going to date the guy who pumped the shit.
I was going to date the guy who came to go to his house.
You had to call the house too, right?
You had to call the girl's house, right?
And the parents would answer,
she was always busy.
She moved.
She's busy reading.
Oh my God.
Did they get a fake obituary?
Just to get you off her case.
In Victoriaville, you, I mean, like a point per game now,
granted the Quebec League, I guess that isn't that amazing.
Whoa, whoa, whoa.
Hey, that's a fact.
That's a fact.
But I'm about to pump your tire.
Okay.
432 points.
Tire?
Right at a point per game.
And you didn't get a sniff professionally?
You went to Canadian University.
You didn't get any contract offers?
Anything?
So I was a defenseman, right?
And I only came in at 19.
Yes, you were older, I guess.
I came in at 19.
And a couple pretty good years.
Yeah.
And a funny thing about the numbers or whatever.
Again, I was an English second year as captain of my team.
And it was a real honor because I was an Anglophone representing a Francophone community.
How many more fights you have because of that?
I was going to say that.
You have to fight the town.
The refs, I'm like, that's not a penalty.
They're like, you don't know.
And I'm like, what did you say?
And I go back at him.
And then he's like, shut up, you.
Get out of here.
So some of my numbers are a little inflated, but towards the tail end of it,
they wanted me to get the all time paling minute record in, in,
in Victoriaville. And I'm like, I'm not doing that. They're like, don't be shy.
Go get a 10. We'll, we want your name somewhere engraved in our record book.
It was really cool when it's really,
yeah,
yeah.
They,
they,
of course I didn't do it,
but,
um,
they,
a cool thing is,
is I love to tell everyone the only good thing.
I,
they retired my number,
which is kind of, uh,
that's awesome.
Yeah.
That is considering I'm,
I'm,
I'm what I am.
It is the fact that you spent two years there and,
and did that and had that type of impact.
And,
and you kind of mentioned that earlier
earlier like always be remembered you know do something at what point in your career did you
start waving to the crowd after your fights that was kind of one of your trademarks right
and why did you do it like what made you start doing it you know what it's like when you take
15 punches in the head and you're like you're just you're looking at the lights you're like swatting flies you're trying to pick your drool up you don't know what's going on i i you know what i
did some stupid things first thing ever first fight ever um i hit a kid in junior actually
it started one time in junior i hit a kid in junior and um he ended up going up in a tough
he's the tough guy the league patrick cote was his name he ended up going up in a tough, he was the tough guy in the league. Patrick Cote was his name.
He ended up going to Nashville.
Had some tough times after hockey.
But I hit Patrick Cote and he kind of went down.
And I was, again, a buck 75 and junior.
And they all wanted me to do the belt.
The guys wouldn't let me on the bench.
The fights, I'm thrown out of the game and they're all trying to get me to do the belt.
And I'm like, are you shitting me?
Open the door.
Get me out of here.
And I didn't do anything and i never really did that until i go uh i i i go pro
and my first fight is with uh mark major in the american hockey league for hartford i was in
hartford and and he was with the adirondack adirondack red wings i believe and i remember
because i was oh Oh, man.
It's so easy to be intimidated.
Even for guys like you.
That's what's crazy.
No, I was...
Do you understand?
The only way that I knew...
So I was at St. FX.
Sorry, I'm bouncing all over.
That's all right.
That's what we do here.
There's lights here and dogs and squirrels
and everything going on here.
The lights are bright.
We're talking about...
Yeah.
Yeah, so I never watched hockey growing up all that much.
Like, I wasn't a big,
like, at home,
we had hockey on our Wednesdays
and Saturday nights.
We watched it,
but it was, you know,
it wasn't as,
it's not like today.
You get it anyway and every way.
Back then, we didn't get it.
All right, we couldn't see it
all that time, right?
I always say how we never got
to really see Gretzky play down
in the United States
unless it was the playoffs.
Right, exactly.
Or the one visit a year he made,
you know?
And we'd get it one night a week in French on Wednesday.
And of course, we didn't really all understand French.
So we had to put the radio beside the television on the Wednesday nights.
And Saturday nights was Hockey Night in Canada.
So we'd watch that.
And we all sit on my grandmother's bed and watch hockey.
And that's what it was.
So all I remember is my brother was a big hockey fan.
And my brother had a magazine.
And it was called it was uh it's
called tough guys it was called tough guys and it was all like they ranked every tough guy
punching power smartness like it was hilarious what they ranked everybody with and all i remember
is it was beside the bathroom um so when i went to the bathroom i we'd we'd before we read before
we were on a swipe bird or whatever it is now,
it was,
you know,
we read this tough guy magazine two years later,
I'm playing against some of these guys and you're doing warmup and it's like,
Oh shit.
I know what his punching power is.
Yeah.
That's too grim.
I read that in the mail.
Oh yeah.
Oh,
that's those guys.
No,
it was those guys.
And you're like,
you can't, you're just what? Six, three biz. And he's got was those guys. And you're like, you can't.
You're just what, 6'3"? And he's got the nickname Grim Reaper.
When you have a nickname, when they have a nickname, you're dead.
And when I started off.
Stock crew.
Yeah.
And when he's different.
And they were at the NHL, the NHL.
But in the American Hockey League, like Frankie the Animal Bialowis,
if you have a nickname in the American Hockey League
and you don't even have to do warm-up
and you're playing against this guy,
it's like you're dead.
Just don't go near him.
Some of these guys.
So that's my first few games pro.
It's like, oh my God, there's Stu Grimson.
There's Gino Ocek.
There's Sandy McCarthy.
There's George Zarak.
It was like
shit your pants every warm up
I want to ask about going pro at the Rangers
it said you signed in November of 97
how did that all transpire where were you playing
did you go through training camp like
take us through that process
playing junior
my last year junior I was defenseman
tail end of
that second year at 20 years old.
We had a young kid named Daniel Corso on our team.
He was a second round draft pick by the St. Louis Blues.
I think I played against him in the minors.
Would he have been with Philly?
No, he would have been with Worcester.
Worcester, your first year.
Oh, you know what?
Maybe by then, though, he could have moved.
He could have moved because you started off.
I remember his name, though.
Yeah, because we're going to go on you guys
and frickin' Wilkes-Barre, Sc scranton in a few minutes yeah yeah yeah i think
he was on the phantoms i was on the phantoms oh yeah your team was jacked it like we played we
guys beat us in the in the playoffs i had to cover that chris beach oh he was nasty he was sick he
was sick throwing me around with one hand that i thought he was gonna play a long time maxim yeah
max i hate you max Max is a great buddy
actually Max is assistant coach now in uh San Diego San Diego is he yeah yeah he loves it
yeah good man what a run he had I still love that he got his thousandth game pro in Russia and they
did a big thing for him it's off subject but no we're all over yeah we're all over the map
we're just talking about how I went pro.
When you got signed, yeah.
Yeah, so I end up, I'm playing junior.
I have a couple pretty good years in junior.
And the tail end of my second year,
we have this young kid, Danny Corso,
and we're not a good team,
and they're picking on him.
So they decide to put me with him.
Because as a defenseman, I was like a halfback.
And I was never really back. So I was kind of like a rover so they decided screw it he's never in our
zone anyways let's just put him forward uh so i played with his kid danny course so when after a
few games the coaches realized that pj can't play with this guy this guy's way too good but they
asked me at that time do you want to still play forward because like i was like a third defenseman
on the ice so they made me a shutdown center And I played against every other team's top line.
And it went well.
And my right winger was my brother.
Like, it was so cool, so awesome.
What an experience.
Yeah, it was for my parents.
My uncle had a shirt.
He'd come to the games.
And it had my brother's number and my number and stock.
It was so cool.
And the people back then in Victoriaville really embraced us.
It was just a great experience, great time.
And they were like the two hardworking Anglos on the ice.
The puck wasn't our friend, but they just appreciated the effort.
So I get, at the tail end of that year, I'm not drafted,
I get an invitation to the Rangers camp as a forward.
And I go to the Rangers camp and pretty funny, as I said, I only play one way.
And you guys went to your first camps.
You don't know what it's like, right?
No clue.
You play your one way and expecting that's the right way,
and then the veterans are like, kid, slow down a little.
That's not your game here, bud.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, kid.
Don't worry.
Don't worry.
Just sit over there.
We got this.
We got this.
So I took a run at kovalev
and miss kovalev at center ice with a hit like in those exhibition games and i just miss kovalev
but i didn't know who kovalev was right because i didn't i didn't i didn't speak russian didn't
check the game notes but i know i know that's after the fact in training camp there wasn't but
i missed them by this they came after me. So we do a puck goes deep.
I go and get it.
And it's on the boards.
And I go to get it.
And Ulf Samuelsson and Shane Churla run me from 400 yards away.
And they use my special.
Like the Bash Brothers.
Yeah.
The foot up, the knee up, the stick up.
Lion's Samoans.
It's training camp.
And they, like, what was it?
Dynamite Kid and Davey Boy Smith?
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
They just stuck me in the glass.
And the funny thing was the two of them fell because they smacked.
And I'm just like this.
And I fall over.
And then the worst part is in training camp, I get a penalty shot.
Oh, yeah.
If you take a penalty, the other guy gets the shot.
And the other guy has to chase me.
So it's Shane Churla.
They picked which one was going to chase me.
And Shane Churla, by the way, was a super tough guy back in the day.
Oh, yeah.
Minnesota.
Yeah.
So with New York at this time, Shane Churla is at the half circle behind me.
And pardon the swearing.
Mom, sorry.
You fucker.
If you fucking touch that puck, I'm going to rip your fucking head off.
And he's like, he's six feet away and threatening my life.
Like, I'm 20 years old coming out of junior.
Don't know anyone.
So excited that Gretzky's there.
And this guy, every swear you've heard.
And no one is saying anything.
And they're like, yeah, you give.
My own teammates that are of
course teammates of kovalev but you break everyone up in training camp they're all like give it to
him churls you're on my line so anyways i went down and uh it was a penalty shot on glenn healy
i missed and fell and it just it was like get off the ice and churla just skated by i thought he was
gonna hit me into the boards.
At least he didn't go after you again.
He didn't.
He didn't.
But it was kind of like one of those moments that was like.
Towing her down.
Towing her down, kid.
Towing her down.
Yeah.
Wow.
I dried him out.
Just a little bump out corner.
Was that the fall that you ended up going to St. Francis?
Or was this after you left?
After that training camp, after like three weeks, they sent me down.
Oh, okay.
Since the next year.
Sorry, guys.
My stories are long.
COVID in Quebec.
That's what this is about.
I've been in a basement for two years, okay?
I have four kids I've been avoiding in my house.
I like have made dungeons in my basement to keep moving.
I have like a cereal box wall up right now that they think is a wall.
I'm behind it sometimes with my bottle of scotch and a glass just sitting there.
So we ended up, I got sent down.
The moment they sent me down, I had agreed to go to St.
FX at this time because I'm 20 and I want to go to university and they're like, okay,
but we want to sign you.
And I'm like, no, I want to go to university.
And they're like, no, we want to sign you.
And back then there's no cell phones, right?
So they sit me down and close the door and they're like sign this and i'm like i again i'm a like i said we were talking prior to
this you know you're 21 years old been in some fights but you're still or 20 you're still like
a nervous like i didn't know i was kind of so green i was so green. You're shitting yourself. Talking to GMs and stuff.
I am shitting a GM.
Oh, petrifying.
In a dark old Binghamton rink, and the door closes, and they're like,
Sinus, we want to keep you.
And I'm like, I want to go.
But how do you get out of that room?
It's like you're getting interrogated.
They got a water board in there.
How do you get out of that room?
And then I wanted to call my-
Nipple shock.
We couldn't call your agent.
I wanted to call my mom and suck my thumb and go out
I want to go to college
Because you gotta go to a pay phone
Like that's what it was
So I finally get up and like
Walk out
But it was like and then it was like get me out of here
I want to go to school
I want to go to school
I guess you said you never thought about playing pro
But even after experiencing the training camp and getting sent down,
you still weren't like, all right, yeah, I'm going to go to the AHL.
Why did you still want to go to college so bad at that point?
Because I knew so many players that I had played without a draft pick.
I never thought you'd make it.
I never thought I'd make it.
I never thought I was as good as I was.
As good as I was, sorry.
I never took anything for, you know, all these guys are drafted.
I was never drafted.
So at that point, you thought the better idea was to go to university, get your education,
because you didn't think you'd ever make enough of a living playing pro.
Well, I never thought I'd play pro, because all these guys that I know that were drafted,
think of all these guys that never played.
And they're so much better than me.
Like, on my junior team alone, there was players that were drafted pro. And they're not making it, and they're so much better than me. Like on my junior team alone, there was players that were drafted pro.
And they're not making it.
And they're so much better than me.
And they're so much bigger.
And I'm like, I know what  I want to go to school.
That's what I want.
I really didn't want to school.
But I'm just saying that to say that.
You want to party.
Yeah.
You want to go to school.
You want to go play hockey.
Yeah.
The big difference.
Yeah.
So anyways, but I  so I go to, I'm out.
I go to school thinking I want an education.
That's what it was like back then, right?
You watch Notre Dame football on Saturday.
Everyone wants to go to Notre Dame, Irish kid in Montreal.
That's what you want to do.
Of course, Notre Dame never called, but anyways, thanks Notre Dame.
But you end up, you know, that's what the dream was.
And then I was fascinated and that's what I was set on.
And it never kind of really happened.
I go to school in Canada, and then they called back.
They called back and said, we want to sign you again.
I think it's important sometimes we talk about that with guys
because so often in these young players' career,
they're kind of put at a crossroads.
And sometimes they might even get rushed into the pick
where it changes the complete trajectory of your career, right? Like how much value do you think end up going to one year at sane effects
ended up providing to just your whole career in a nutshell uh it's it's important i think
a lot of things you know there's it'll always be there you know i heard someone say this the
other night and i'd love to quote the person, but it's never too...
It could be...
I'm forgetting to paraphrase it improperly,
but it could be too early to make it to the NHL,
but it's never too late.
Right?
Yeah, like if you go four years of college,
you still can play a long career in the NHL.
I know.
And the biggest thing with a lot of these pro sports
is you're a kid, man.
They're drafting players that are 17.
A, the player is one thing, but the person.
You don't know.
I'm all about the person.
The player is one thing.
The person's more important than the player.
I think if you have a good person, you can make yourself a pretty good player out of that.
It's getting the right people.
So it was just, i don't know i just i i thought
i'd never play a moment in my life pro because of all the people around me that didn't make it
that was so much better than me and then but like you said not to interrupt you that's what you
you brought something that was memorable where a lot of these guys never did and you added something
to your game where it was like they're gonna remember me on the ice i tried to kill kovalev
like i fought like that's what it was that's they're going to remember me on the ice. I tried to kill Kovalev. I fought.
That's what it was.
That's why you ended up making it.
Well, not because of Kovalev.
Well, maybe that instance.
They actually did the ice after the second period,
and the coaches pulled me into the room.
And they're like, okay, listen, there's a couple guys out there you can hit,
and there's a couple guys out there you can't hit.
And I'm like, but I don't know which switch.
But to have to tell a guy that is good.
That's how the different colored jerseys at training camp started.
You know what the best part about that was?
You know where my centerman was for the rest of the
I was center, the other centerman was?
Gretz.
This way I can't hit Gretz.
Well, that was one thing I was going to ask you.
I'm joking.
I couldn't hit Gretz.
So did you get to start that next year in the NHL in 97, 98?
So I signed.
I'm at St. FX for one year.
I signed in that summer, the summer after St. FX.
And I thought my contract went pretty much NHL, American League,
East Coast League, pretty much like Mexican League underneath.
I knew that's kind of like when I
You never know.
Seven pesos a week.
Yeah, you're like that's  I knew what I was. But at the time it was 1. Seven pesos a week. Yeah, you're like, I knew what I was.
But at the time, it was 1.60 on the dollar.
I had a 22,500 signing bonus.
I was going to make 300 in the NHL, 30,000 in the A, and 18,000 in the East Coast.
The following year, no East Coast and 32,500.
But at the time, 1.60 saved some money.
I'd come out, maybe have 70,000 Canadian in my pocket
and then go to Canadian University.
So I'm thinking as a kid, boom, right?
I'm ahead of the game.
Yeah.
I ended up actually 17 games into that.
I made the American League team, which is Hartford.
And I don't want to brag, but I got the first goal in team history.
Yeah.
Not a big deal.
Not a big deal.
I had that written down here.
They might retire number two.
No big deal.
Now they're the Wolfpack.
No, no, now they're the Whalers, right?
They call them the Connecticut Whalers.
The Connecticut Whale, right.
Connecticut Whale, yeah.
So, yeah.
And then, but 17 games in, I get called up.
And then I'm with New York.
Funny story is, sorry, guys.
I'm going to have to.
No, no, this is great.
So when I signed that contract, right,
and I'm heading down to the States,
I'm probably going to end up in the East Coast,
what I'm thinking.
And I don't have a car,
but I have to leave to go to Ranger training camp.
And my mom had an old Taurus. And the old Taurus had no paint on the three hoods.
But I figured I was going to go to the East Coast, and who cares?
Guys are making it.
It's whatever.
No one's making it anyway.
It's fine, right?
So I ended up making Hartford, which is  and back then, it was a big signing bonus thing.
Guys got a lot of signing bonus money back then, Whit. And guys would buy cars all the time.
Escalade.
Yeah, yeah.
That was the big one.
Yeah, you're both 05, right?
So it's around.
Yeah, I was 02 draft.
02 draft.
But you started 05.
I was 03 draft.
And I started 05.
You both started 05.
Not that I've done my research.
I have 20 points.
Oh, you did a little too?
I got 26 points.
I got to make sure I know who I'm dealing with.
I'm not bringing up Whit's totals. No, no. He had that in his first couple of months. He had that in a month. Yeah dealing with. I'm not bringing up Witt's totals.
No, he had that in his first couple of months.
He had that in a month.
Mr. Witt. Sorry, sir.
Fuck you.
Sir.
Would have popped my eye shot.
We'll be playing men's league in no time.
We have to hang up the cleats for the rugby career, buddy.
Oh, shit.
I'll be bending you over at fucking Senior A Hockey.
You're the shagging wagon of the AHL.
I got the shagging wagon.
I make the AHL.
And then 17 games in, I get called up to fucking the New York Rangers.
Oh, my goodness.
And that's basically a year after.
Like, I'm not playing pro.
I'm going to college.
I'll never be in the NHL.
First year.
A year playing forward.
And with the greatest player to ever play the game.
Yeah.
So I get called up and and this
is around the time i played in pembroke ontario prior to going to victoria ville and garth brooks
was had his double live cd back then but i did the tape version of course so uh and for my my mom's
car the a-track yeah so you're driving it to camp i had like the one thing that did the ac the radio
and and the right window would like when it slide down
you have to put your two hands on it to bring it back up so but i don't care i'm i i make heart
for and guys bug me about the car anyways but then i get called up to new york and we practice
in rye play line and you had to drive through security to get to the practice rink. And I pull up. I got friends in low place.
I'm coming in.
No one's better than me.
I'm so happy.
I'm so excited.
I got my Taurus, all my duffel bags of whatever, all my peewee teams and junior teams, everything
stuffed in it.
Your tough guys magazine.
I'm coming in.
My tough guys magazine.
You got to check the game notes. Yeah. I drive in. I drive in. The guy's like, you I'm coming in. My Tough Guys magazine. You got to check the game notes, you know?
I drive in.
I drive in.
The guy's like, you can't come in.
I'm like, no, I'm here to play with the Rangers.
He's like, we all are, kid.
Go somewhere else.
I'm being a seated kid.
I'm like, no, seriously.
What do you want signed, buddy?
I'll get it signed for you.
I'm here with the Rangers.
But again, no cell phones.
So one guy has to call another guy who calls another guy.
So I'm sitting there. They finally let me in. And I pull in with my Taurus. And back then, there was no salary phones. So one guy has to call another guy who calls another guy. So I'm sitting there. They
finally let me in and I pull in with my
tourists. And back then there was no salary cap.
So the Rangers were at a different, they were like the
Yankees when it came to spending money. Our first
two center men were Gretzky and Lafflin.
We had the 85 Oilers,
but it was 97.
Yeah, they were
paying guys like, they must
have been spending 90 million at that point. Yeah, they were. It was. they must have been spending 90 million at that point.
Yeah, they were.
It was.
It was crazy.
So again, I was making 300.
It's prorated or whatever.
But Gretz was making 6 million at the time, over 6.
And so we used to have these  I'll finish that story as you guys know I bounce around.
But we had everyone's paychecks.
They just put in your stall back then right they
just put your paycheck in your stall so gretz's was there and everyone would go home but i'm
living in a hotel i i take guys paychecks and i go we used to have these these heat packs for our
back that sat in this disgusting soup of whatever that water was you'd use the tongs yeah so i
anyways i take that out i'd steam gretz's paycheck over, and I'd open it to see how much Gretz made.
Gretz made more after taxes in two weeks than I would have made the entire year if I was up.
And there was no escrow then.
No escrow.
And he was underpaid, too.
Yes.
I mean, for what he was doing for the league.
Catch me if you can.
He's putting white out on Gretz's name.
He's putting PJ stock.
Hey, Pitt used to give us
the checks right before
a road trip
and we couldn't deposit them
and they'd get the interest
on them for like
the five day road trip.
This was before direct deposit.
Because everybody was like
PNC Bank and stuff.
Yeah, you couldn't.
They'd give it to you
as you went to LA.
They're like,
that's six days of money
that we're going to make
on these guys' checks.
They can't cash it.
Oh, sandbaggers.
So we go,
I finally get to park and I'm parking beside back then like i said our bruce was our
bruce the masseuse bruce had a porsche that's to tell you that like mercedes you know beamer
everything and here comes my tours sliding this bad boy in anyways uh we used to have to drive
through westchester uh to go to games and then a day of games, because it was New York City, they'd give you a hotel downtown so you'd have to deal with the traffic.
So if you wanted to practice in the morning, you can go downtown and then your family can come down at night.
So you'd have to deal with the traffic at the five o'clock to get there for the game.
And I was single.
I'm going to New York City, of course, so I'm driving my Taurus.
But the other guys didn't want to have to drive down
and have their wives drive down
and have two cars in New York City.
So they'd pile into my car.
Problem is, it was a Taurus.
We had to drive through Westchester, New York.
So Darren Langdon, Kevin Stevens,
Alf Samuelsson, Todd Harvey,
they all like, yeah, drive, drive, come.
I'm hopping in with Stalker, hopping in with Stalker,
but we have to drive through all this nice area.
And we pull up to a red light,
and they just all lie down in my car like this.
They don't want to be seen.
They do not want to be seen like this.
They're lying down in my car like this.
And I'd pull up to a red light, and I'd lower my window,
and I'd be like, I got Rangers in the car.
I have Rangers in my car.
And they're like, just go ahead, crazy kid. Just keep driving. Hey, they couldn't even get the car. I have rangers in my car. They're like, go ahead, crazy kid.
Just keep driving.
They couldn't even get the seat back up
because the Taurus was broken.
So I'd pull out, open the window, open the door,
and here you got like a six foot three Kevin Stevens
kind of lying down like this.
So anyways, at the end of that year,
Gretz was one of my favorite human beings ever.
By the way, the entire team called the car the clitoris.
So I don't know if I can say that, but I apologize.
Oh, no.
We're keeping that.
Why?
Yeah, that's what they called it all year.
All right, I'm going with Stocker and the Clitoris.
But Gretzky's like, okay, listen, not only are you embarrassing yourself by driving that car,
you're embarrassing everyone in this room by driving that car.
And not only are you embarrassing everybody in this room by driving that car. You're embarrassing everyone in this room by driving that car. And not only are you embarrassing everybody
in this room by driving that car,
you're embarrassing everyone in the league by driving
that car. You want to come back
to this team next year? Do not come back with that
car. Call up my brother. Hey, Dino,
you got yourself a car.
Wayne, I saw your
paycheck. I think you could afford it.
I thought that was going to end with him
getting you a Ford or something.
He won like eight a year, that guy.
Wayne's the best human ever.
I mean, that's your first locker room in the NHL. You got
Gretzky, LaFontaine, Brian Leach,
Kovalev, Mike Rick, the Kevin Stevens.
Are you actually being quiet for once in your life
in there, or are you just letting it fly?
Yeah.
No.
Should have been.
As you can tell, I'm monologuing right now.
I just couldn't shut up.
Yeah.
Sometimes it's good.
Sometimes it's bad.
For what you did on the ice, though, nobody gives a shit.
Nobody cares.
I was the loud guy who was a pussy on the ice, and it's like, shut up.
But no one's going to say anything to you.
That's how you approach the games.
That's how you played. But it was always encouraging it was never bad like i
remember one time like you know i don't remember good moments i really don't remember good moments
i remember moments where i made mistakes and i wish i can redo when i look back at my career
i don't remember you know the year where i had a crazy year where i got three points that's a big
year uh but i remember where you make a mistake you know and that's and how people reacted and i remember we had a a practice
and it didn't go well and um we have a kind of a on the ice uh adam graves pulls us over and
bruce driver and some of the veterans we're all we're only five guys in our 20s that year
like it was the entire team was in the 30s yeah. Yeah. Yeah. It was an old boys club.
Uh,
and,
and I was the youngest guy on the team.
So a 22 and we all go over in the corner and they kind of give shit and
everything to the guys.
We can be better and blah,
blah,
blah,
blah,
blah,
blah,
blah,
blah,
blah,
blah,
blah,
blah,
blah,
blah,
blah,
let's be better.
And I come out of that and I'm like,
like,
all right guys,
come on,
let's go work.
And they're like,
stalker,
shut up.
Like,
just shut up for two seconds.
Let,
like,
let that digest, you know, but up. Like, just shut up for two seconds. Like, let that digest.
You know, but I knew my way.
And I think that's the cool thing about being a young guy.
And I think a lot of teams don't get that.
There's a learning moment for me.
Older people, there's a way where veterans teach you a certain way.
And they said something at that point. And then later on, we go for lunch.
And they give you the little,
the big brother talk.
Yeah.
We love what you do.
Just be a little bit more,
you know,
attentive to what's going on
at certain moments
in your environment.
And I think that's one of the things
missing in the game today.
We hand off every team
to a 19-year-old kid
who doesn't know Jack.
Doesn't know anything.
Doesn't know anything.
And nothing against them. Nothing. It's all about them. to a 19-year-old kid who doesn't know Jack. Doesn't know anything. Doesn't know anything.
And nothing against them.
Nothing.
It's all about them.
They're into themselves.
They're into their own world,
which you really can't blame.
That's how they've been raised,
but they're not ready to be.
Every day's an experience.
Every day's a lesson.
That's one thing.
Another thing is like every day you're on the ice,
you have an opportunity to learn
by watching how someone walks, talks.
Every day,
like someone does something better than you
just learn a little bit every day as a 19 year old 20 year old 21 year old you haven't had enough
lessons you have the skill set you have the skill set that is undeniable like a jack eichel skill
set it says but you know conor mcdavid and a lot of these young superstars that give the captaincy
at a young age there's just a lot of things that come with it. Leadership is something that it's taught over time.
I, you know, playing with Kevin Stevens, one of my favorites, talking, talking would grab
me by the ear.
Adam Gray's one of the best humans ever.
Like they would just old school guys that I'd be out there and I'd be doing this and
they'd just grab me by the ear or smack me in the back of the head and be like, stalker,
shut up.
Like you're doing this and this is how you're going to do it,
and I don't care what you're going to say, but go do this now.
And you put your head down, you go do it, and you're like,
you learn the lesson, you get back.
The moment it's done, you're like.
They were right.
They were right.
Yeah.
And I think that's a big thing missing in the game today.
We don't have one of those.
Why do you think?
Because the game's getting too young?
Yeah.
Too young.
I remember, you know remember P.K. Subban when he was in Montreal
and I think one of the best
things for P.K. was your old
teammate, Hal Gill.
Skilzy is a guy that I
played with. I loved him. He was in Boston.
He was one of the guys everyone poked and bugged.
He was a whipping boy for a lot of the fans.
He was a fun guy.
It doesn't matter what the fans
or the media think it's all what the guys think
that's all we don't care about what media
writes or says it's all
how are you received by your buddies
and Hal was great for a lot of things
and I think a lot of things that
Hal did in Montreal
didn't really
get noticed and one of
the things that he did was he helped P.K. Subban,
who was a little bit, you know, would jump off the wall every now and then.
He helped control that environment for a long time.
The moment Hal was gone, and Travis Mullen was another one,
guys that you don't really give a lot of credit to,
but there's old school guys that make the other guys around you better.
They might not be the best guy, but if that guy gets 5 out of you,
5 out of you, 5 out of you that you weren't getting before,
you're that much better as a group.
And Hal and Travis did that in Montreal for Pique.
The moment those guys were gone and they went with a younger team,
it just kind of  Pique gets traded and things in Montreal kind of
Not a ton of accountability.
Right.
Right?
So that's one thing that Talkett was talking about.
He said this next wave, given the fact that it's a majority of young guys,
most of them are probably self-aware enough to where they're not going to speak up in the room.
So there's not a lot of guys coming in the locker room and saying like
Chris Pronger, wake the fuck up.
What the fuck was that you're gonna
sleep through the first fucking period winner of a playoff race are you fucking kidding me
and you know it sucks that he's got to go after that guy but hey if that guy didn't bring his a
game he's gonna drag it out of him if he's got to play the bad cop and keep that accountability
in the locker room whereas a lot of the time i feel like or at least talk it was was saying and
i agree with him the onus becomes on the coach or
the coaches where it's like it's gotta
the teams that win and have success
it's gotta come from within you don't
think fucking guys on the St. Louis Blues
were fucking in the locker room saying yo
we gotta fucking be better closed door meeting
if we lose three in a row like we used
to have favorite captain or how about this
I had donor and you know
if things were getting off the rail, he would close the doors.
He'd tell Tip, stay away.
I got this.
And it wasn't all the time.
Our best years, though, was when we had Derek Morris at the end of his career.
We had Adrian Akoin at the end of his career.
We had Ray Whitney.
We had Shane Doan.
So to allude to your point, it was done by committee, not just one guy.
And because of that, we were ranked 15th coming into the season.
We ended up going to the conference finals that year.
It was just because everybody seemed to know how to conduct themselves,
and the older guys were able to  we had fucking 25, 30 kids on the team that year.
And the younger guys kind of just had to learn faster,
and they had a bunch of guys to go to.
And like I said, alluding to your point, I fucking agree.
I think the league's gotten so young, and it's just like,
get these young thoroughbreds in and out.
Okay, he's not good.
All right, shut him out.
Right.
It's fucking nuts.
Wait.
Sorry.
I'm with you.
Mine's tough.
I'm still with you, and that's  what's that?
You say best captain? Well, I just  and you had a's tough. I'm still with you, and that's  what's that? You say best captain?
Well, I just  and you had a point I want to go back to after,
but I want to see yours.
You're best leader.
You played with some crazy
You came up in the Pittsburgh system.
They would even have veterans in the American Hockey League
to make sure Elaine Nazardine was there for us, Keller, Dennis Bonvey,
all these different types of personalities that were going to help you learn
as a young guy.
So not only did they value it at the NHL, because look when
they finally won their cup, who did they have
to come in and take a little bit of pressure off Sid?
Billy Guerin. You don't
think he came in the locker room and loosened that thing
right up? He was probably chirping.
He knows from experience.
What do you think Billy fucking learned?
Stalker.
I think he's going to the wall of Minnesota right now. I'm fucking texting Billy all the time. Stalker. Billy didn't fucking... I think he's going
to Walden, Minnesota right now.
I'm fucking texting
Billy all the time.
They're buzzing.
He's done such a...
I'm so happy for him.
Their first place
in the Central right now.
Give that Russian kid the puck.
I think he's okay.
Yeah, he's decent.
And sign him.
First he told him
to pay him.
Yeah, pay him.
You got to sign that guy.
I know.
It's pretty good.
But you're right.
In my best year ever in hockey...
Oh, sorry.
Go here. No, I had Crosby. I had Scott Niedermeyer. Yeah, Cros it's pretty good. But you're right. My best year ever in hockey. Oh, sorry.
Go here.
No, I had Crosby.
I had Scott Niedermeyer.
Yeah, Crosby's a kid, though. And Crosby was so young, but he just  he's just  he knows what he's doing.
But I think he learned from recce and he learned from being and living with Mario.
And it's just like it's learned.
And you cannot expect these kids, as to what you guys said, to know how to do it.
You can't  no matter how good at hockey you are, you don't know how to take control of a room until you've been around and seen other guys show you
the way so i agree i agree completely it's just nuts now that you come out of entry level you get
an eight-year deal at eight or nine million a year movement clause and no movement clause and
if you better be good because the team's gonna suck if those guys don't end up performing and
you've seen those contracts handed out way easier than they used to be.
And my thing is, and we said this before, it's more the person.
It's one thing to sign the talent.
It's so important to sign the right person that's going to be that.
And go back to Hal and guys like Travis Moen and Billy.
Who cares about the letter you put on it?
That's for the pitcher.
You need a core around you.
You need a leadership, R.A., when you go back to our Boston days
and you mentioned Billy Guerin.
Well, you should get there by part two.
I'm sorry.
I've been in my basement forever.
No, buddy, this is going to go four hours.
I don't know.
I apologize.
You will apologize for nothing.
We had guys that didn't have letters on their jerseys,
but in the room, like you're listening to that.
Yeah, because guys know who played with Owen.
Joe Thornton was captain.
Joe Thornton wasn't captain.
Sean O'Donnell, Don Sweeney, you know,
even little Sergey Samsonov had a role on the team.
Hal Gill had a role.
You know, everyone, Billy Jaron, Billy Jaron, Billy Guerin,
Marty LaPointe, Zabner, Brian
Rolson, everyone had a certain thing.
Everyone had a certain role.
And I find there's not a lot of that in hockey today.
Everyone's kind of the same thing.
So you kind of put everyone in the same spot.
And I think you're missing a lot of those things.
Besides Tampa, who had the roles,
and look at what they do.
Well, they didn't until they got those roles.
Yeah, but the winning
Tampa teams,
they had the roles.
And the teams who don't know,
am I fourth line?
Am I going to play second line?
Those teams don't want
to do flounder.
But also, back to business point,
which I don't want to do this
because I don't like going down
in scoring to reference
people's points.
But 22 is a good year.
It was a good season.
Oh, buddy, I had six apples one year.
Yo, he had Niemi pulled.
He sniped Niemi.
They pulled him.
In my last year, given the lack of ice time I would get,
I was top 10 in points per minute.
Per minute, yeah, yeah.
We should do that because I'm up there.
I think I've heard you say that.
It was hilarious.
I'd get a shift every now and then.
The coach would be like, that's good for tonight, Stocker. Go sit down.
Yeah, I love Tip, but he would not play me a lot of ice time.
I would say some games, like just over two minutes.
The most I ever played in a game was 11 minutes.
It's stupid.
And I felt like my lungs were going to collapse the next day.
I can't believe how guys do 30 minutes a night.
We were in Ottawa one night, and the guys always joke,
because I won ref back then, right?
So I'd walk up to a guy like you, and I'd sneak in behind you,
and I'd slash you in the back of the legs,
knowing that you were going to punch me in the head.
I know what's coming, but I'll get my team a power play.
So it's going to be like, and the guys would be like,
at 5-1, or leave stalkers lying out there.
I have zeros across the board, and they're like,
let them touch the puck for a few minutes.'s line out there. I have zeros across the board, and they're like, let them touch the puck for a few minutes.
Leave them out there.
And it took some great leaders around
to finally get that to happen,
but there's some teams that they'll never put you on.
And we'd get out there,
and some coaches would be like,
eh, no.
You got the penalty,
and no, you're done. We're going to go back with that first line. So at the penalty. No, you're done.
We're going to go back with that first line.
So at the time that I played, it was coming out of where you could roll three lines,
where it was standard for the fourth line to play in that three to five minute range.
Yeah, that's what it was.
But then when Detroit started rolling four and a couple other teams started rolling four lines
a little bit more aggressively, that's when the pace of the game started picking up.
And now if you don't have a fourth...
Oh, they have to.
Nowadays, if your fourth line doesn't at least contribute
eight to nine minutes a night...
We could hop on your back back then.
We could hook from center ice.
Goalies could make snow castles.
You can't compare then to every error to error.
That's why I hate how they compare records and stuff. rules change every couple years playoff is like forget about the rules
during the regular season it's a different season here they should just like and i don't think the
ball is man venting but how do they not calculate playoff stats to regular season stats like i think
that should all be anyways well like some guys have so much stuff that's a good point i just
fucking going yeah i went it totally is this guy has 3 million playoff points, 9 million championships,
but that doesn't count to his regular season points.
Yeah.
Whereas this guy has 9 million regular season points,
has never made it in the playoffs ever.
I don't know how they do not take those playoff points,
and that's how you  this is how he's ranked.
That's why he's in the Hall of Fame.
He had 1,000 regular season points.
Well, this guy had 300 regular points and maybe 1,000 in the playoffs,
three Stanley Cups.
But I was going back to my thing on Ottawa.
Who the fuck's got 1,000 playoff points?
I'm just fucking doing it.
I know, I know.
He did Victoriaville.
Really get on it.
We'll see you tomorrow.
Anyway, so my thing, back to one night we're in Ottawa,
and I used to get like three minutes a night.
So the guys, one night, I'm so pissed.
What team is this with, sorry?
Bruins.
Okay.
And I'm like, I'm telling the guys, they're betting like we'd get up,
and like he'd always go back to our first line, which I understand.
Keep the big boys happy.
Keep Joe Thornton, get him points.
Glenn Murray, get him his 40 goals.
Get Mike Canuba his 30.
Get Billy Guerin his 40. Get Mario Lapointo his 30. Get Billy Guerin his 40.
Get Mario Lapointe his 30.
Who cares about the fourth line?
We can find a fourth line.
But some nights, the guys are like, throw a star.
So one night, it was like, every shift I get, I'm having a slice of pizza.
And that was my thing that night.
I'm like, I'm having a slice.
And I have John, the boy's like, tonight's the night you're going to have four slices, PJ.
It's going to be a big night.
So I forget.
We end up, we're getting, we're like down 5-1 in like the second period.
And all of a sudden he benches like our first two lines.
And he decides to roll like the third and fourth line.
And every, this is the great group that we had that year.
Every time I'm on the ice skating, the boys are yelling on the bench,
that's another slice, that's another slice.
We lose like 10-2, you get back to my stall,
I had like three all-dressed pizzas in my stall.
And did you eat them all?
I tried to.
The boys were like, you had to.
You have to, right?
We had to.
And they made him go for a post-game workout.
But that was our role.
Yeah, you had to at least give it a shot.
You had to give it a shot.
That's unbelievable.
And then get on the bike.
Stay with Boston while you brought it up.
I mean, you're a Montreal kid.
You got to experience Boston versus Montreal in the playoffs.
Obviously, it went out in Montreal's favor that year.
Scored a big goal, too, game four.
I mean, that must have been unreal.
I knew you dreamt of it maybe as a kid, but just on the other side.
Oh, you got a playoff goal?
All right.
Oh, yeah.
All right.
All right.
All right. All right. You can build that thing up a kid, but just on the other side. Oh, you got a playoff goal? Oh, yeah. Oh, shit.
Biz is leaving the room now.
All right.
You can build that thing up a little bit better than that. Yeah, come on.
Do it one more time while I go take a shit.
Go over to play.
We were number one in the East at that time, prepared.
There goes Biz.
You don't want to hear about my playoff goal?
I'll tell you about my playoff goal.
Yeah, he's going to check out his stats right now, his playoff stats.
They're in the toilet.
They're in the toilet they're in the toilet so it was it's actually my you know some nights now i youtube is awesome
like i'll go back some nights and i must live on there i know it is really cool to see a lot
of things i love my music um i love seeing a lot of cool moments in sports.
YouTube's one of those cool things.
I've watched the Stock Pete fight 4,000 times on YouTube.
But that was a goal
that I...
You dream of a moment like that.
I wish it happened in Boston.
There's a lot of things that you wish throughout your career.
I wish I could have done something for the fans of Boston.
I scored a goal one year
and it was kind of like one of those
that was called back and not sure
then they finally got it,
but it was not one of those things
that you wish you had.
Was that the McLaren hit series?
Yeah, yeah.
So that night,
it's that night I scored.
Don't want to bring it up,
but I scored.
R.A. brought it up.
I already brought it up.
Thank you.
Can we bring it up again?
Are we going to show it? Can we show it? Can we show it if we can't show it up, but I scored. R.A. brought it up. I already brought it up. Thank you. Can we bring it up again? Can we show it?
Can we show it?
We can't show it?
Let's go redo.
I can break it down in slow motion because I can do it in slow-mo.
But we end up  there's Biz.
He just flushed his stats down the toilet.
They were already there.
Where did he find them?
I got a bone to pick.
What?
You're over here crying about your fucking playoff goal because it wasn't at home. No, no. I'm fucking grateful you got a bone to pick. What? You're over here crying about your fucking playoff goal
because it wasn't at home.
No, no.
I'm fucking grateful you got a playoff game
and that you had a horseshoe up your ass that night
and you got one, you fucker.
How about that?
And he beat Jose at the end of it.
No.
5-4, no biggie.
He catches the other way.
He was MVP that year.
I think I scored on him.
I scored on Brodeur.
You ever get Brodeur?
No, I got Carey Price.
I got Ryan Miller.
Ryan Miller.
Yeah.
And then it really takes a nose dive after that.
I did chase.
Have you ever chased a goalie?
Oh, I've tried everything.
No, I meant in sense.
He physically chased one.
Yeah, you physically chased one.
I scored a goal that led to his pulling.
The coach had seen enough.
The coach was like, Biz scored on you.
Biz scored on you.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
And then he got sent to the coast.
You and your cataracts.
You're done.
You're done.
Unreal.
So where were you?
Pull him and get him.
What was your playoff goal?
Playoff goal.
We can't show up,
but I'm going to break it down to you.
Stock gets the puck.
Goes down behind the net.
Patrice Breezeball is coming in,
but Stock knows that he's too fast
and too quick for him.
Bounces it off the back of the net. Off the back of the net. Patrice Brisebois is coming in, but Stock knows that he's too fast and too quick for him. Bounces it off the back of the net.
Off the back of the net.
Breezer, Patrice Brisebois
breezes by as Stock
spins for the first time ever
goes to his left side.
Takes the puck up. Head fake.
Goalie Jose Theodore, MVP of the league that year.
Stock fakes him with his
straight curve stick.
And 5-0, no biggie.
1-0 Bruins in game four.
And then you guys won the game, tied the series,
and then Montreal on the next door, and that was it.
That was it.
You had your guy.
We were number one in the East.
We should have won the Cup that year.
But you got to experience that whole,
I mean, for my money,
the greatest postseason rivalry in sports.
I mean, we talk about Sox-Yankees,
but they never played in the postseason
until fricking 2004.
Montreal-Boston, epic stuff.
I mean, even though you lost,
you're from Montreal.
That must have been probably
one of your top two or three experiences
in the league.
Later on in that, later on.
Hold on.
Sick goal.
Yeah.
So later on.
Dave Shea almost shit himself.
Later on in that game.
So we're up for the first time ever.
We're in the playoffs now.
This year he decides to put me on the play.
We get a power play with two minutes left in the game.
Or three minutes.
He decides to put our line on the power play.
So Stock is on a power play.
It's Fatorik? Robbie Fatorik? Robbie Fatorik.
And what does Michel Therrien do?
He puts Gino Olczyk out to
line up against me. And you
had already been traded for each other, too. I got
traded for Gino. So Gino Olczyk is lined up
against me, one of the guys that are out on the toilet.
One of those big guys. Scary man.
And he has a cast that he's playing with.
So we end up getting into a fight that he's playing with so we end up getting
into a fight that night
anyways
so
they put out
Shel Falkentier
and he puts out
Gino Olchek
Gino Olchek
to line up against me
and I'm on the power play
for the first time
in
since Pee Wee
and
I'm out there
it's like
4-1
late in the game
late in the game
and Gino Olchek
lines up against me and he's putting a stick between my game late in the game and Gino Olchek lines up against me
and he's putting
his stick between my legs
and doing the tap
and I'm like buddy
we're on the power play
I'm on the power play
like you don't know
how long it's taken
for me to get here
it's at the Santa Bell
I already have a goal tonight
this is a big night for me
and he starts
poking me in the eye
with his finger
poking me in the eye
and everything that Biz you and I know, not the fight at that moment.
Out the window.
Out the window in a heartbeat.
You get called out like that.
You get like, I'm like, there's.
Anyways, so then we have a tilt right in front of our bench.
And it was, again, I don't ever win them ever.
So as long as i don't lose them
that bad uh so it was kind of but then i one of those nights where i'm a moron going off the ice
grabbing my jersey and you got the instigator on that one too as well you know no no instigator
oh real okay well the the box score on hockey reference is wrong it said you got a 10 a 5 and
a 2 on that no no instigator no no. No, no instigator. Fuck off.
No, don't fuck off.
Fuck off, Rocky Reference.
You're reading Biz Nasty's fucking notes that he just sent you from the urinal.
No, no, he's bad about the playoffs.
Call him out for the instigator.
He has a playoff goal.
Now, Robbie Fitzgerald, coach at the time you mentioned, he was known as a hot ass.
I noticed after that he never coached again.
Did he not?
Why don't we  what was your impressions of him as a coach?
I don't know.
I liked Robbie.
I really liked Robbie.
Okay.
One thing that I did not like about Robbie is that he wanted  I was not good.
And you knew I was not good.
So he's like, Stocker, you got to work on your hands.
And I'm like, yeah, I've been trying to work on my hands.
No one has taken more shots in their backyard in the history of the world than I did.
I still can't shoot.
No one has deked out more rocks on the ground.
Or I used to pick up my rollerblades and I used to go down the streets and deke out the lines.
That's all I do.
With my old headset on.
Just go at night.
All night long.
For hours.
That's what I do.
No one has worse hands for a guy that's deked out that many lines on the road.
Well, it was an imaginary ball you were sticking.
Yeah, it is.
I needed a ball.
That was probably what I was missing.
That makes sense.
I'm really smooth with no puck.
Just imagine.
He started after practice making me  I couldn't get off the ice until I flipped all the pucks into the bucket.
No.
Yeah, so I had to flip all the pucks.
Get the backboard going with the boards. Yeah, flip off the backboard and get them in the bucket. No! Yeah, so I had to flip all the pucks. Get the backboard going with the boards.
Yeah, flip off the backboard and get them in the bucket.
I'd flip them.
Because he wanted me to be like,
when the puck came to you on the boards,
different style back then.
Put it into an area.
Flip it off the board, center crashing through,
and that's all that it was.
Watch Dave Anderchuk play.
Again, I didn't really watch a lot of hockey.
If I can go back and redo things,
I would have watched more hockey.
But watch how Dave Anderchuk, who couldn't really skate all that well has one of the best careers ever and
when he was in his own he just flipped it out so i tried and it never really worked but uh i would
have to after practice i'd have to sit there and try and flip pucks into a bucket four hours later
the lights and the zamboni guy were like stalker just got off the ice we want to go home today
so that was but robbie robbie was to me, great to a lot of people.
And if Robbie wanted to, I'm sure he could have.
I'm sure he could have.
A couple other guys in that room.
I mean, you mentioned  well, little Sergey Sampson, if you call them,
him and Joe Thornton.
I mean, they were running game in this town back then as far as being the star players.
They go  they get Billy Guerin for a couple of stretch runs there.
Like, what are those guys like in the room?
Who's the leader in that room?
Is Guerin sort of the de facto captain?
It was a great room.
At the time, Joseph Stumple was playing with Billy Garen and Sam Sanoff.
He was so good.
Unbelievable line.
Our first line was someone that doesn't get a lot of credit.
It was a guy named Mike Knubel.
Yeah.
Mike Knubel went to Washington after his time in Boston.
Had bounced around, went to Detroit, New York
and then ended up in Boston. I played
with him in New York where he didn't get a lot of love.
He goes to Boston, learns his role
and all he does is he drives
the net, stick down,
big body, 6'3", stick on the ice and just
can't move him. Yeah. Joe Thornton
would go spin out, find Glenn Murray, you could shoot
a puck from anywhere. Muzz would fire
them, boom. That's one line.
Second line was Stumple with Samsonoff and Billy Guerin.
They were awesome.
And then the third line was Brian Rolston, who I think had 40 or 30 that year.
Marty Lapointe.
All clappers, too.
And PJ Axelson.
Oh, yeah.
That's all he did.
There was no one else on the ice.
Breakaways, clappers.
Brian Rolston was an amazing talent, but there was no one else out there.
He skated like the wind.
Came down.
It's a seven on two, but he's teeing up a slapper.
And he's scoring.
But everyone else was like, hey.
But he was so awesome.
Another great line.
The thing is, we all had a role.
Everyone had a certain skill set.
Today, everyone is the same, right?
Back then, you had to respect each other
Because you all had different roles
And the fourth line
Funny night was
I'm on the fourth line
With a guy named
Marty McInnes
And Rob Zams
Oh yeah
Marty McInnes vocal guy
Yeah Marty
Marty exactly
He's a
Great guy
Yeah
So he's yeah
Marty
Marty
Marty and Zams
Zams played on Team Canada
Was captain of Tampa
Marty great guy And they're both This is the year we're Competing with Detroit Yeah, Marty and Zam. Zam played on Team Canada, was captain of Tampa.
Marty, great guy.
And they're both, this is the year we're competing with Detroit and Colorado.
We're thinking we have a good team.
We're going to do well.
So they have a fourth line with two good players and a shit bum, myself,
just in case somebody needs to be slashed.
But he can fight anyone.
Just in case I got to slash somebody.
And a shit bum.
So one night we're playing in buffalo and like they're my
marty's on the right zams is on the left and i'm center and again i was defense my entire career
and i started playing four but our coaches never taught us anything back there like robbie
was the first one that took me aside and worked on my hands john stevens was another guy that said
stalker you gotta learn how to pass but. Great five years into my pro career,
they said, you should try to learn how to pass.
But face-offs.
I tried to do it in my head,
but I never watched tape or anything.
One night, we're losing 500 in a row,
and Martin McInnes is like,
they'd come to the bench,
and Zamsen would sit on my left,
and Marty would sit here and talk with
so I can hear them talking about how
shit their careers are now that they're
like where they've playing with you. Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Just like just like
remember when I was on Team Canada and I
hung out with Gretz and he'd be like
and I was on the island hanging out with Yash
and they were like having these conversations
just making fun like I
can hear you guys are like, yeah, it doesn't matter, Stalker.
Just anyways.
So they just go back and forth.
So one night I've lost 400 face-offs in a row,
which is funny because I only had three shifts.
And Marty's like, Stalker, I'm taking this face-off.
So it's in Buffalo.
And Marty's right wing.
So I go to the right side.
And it's right up against the boards in Buffalo.
So they're offside dot. So I'm on the right side now marty's a right-handed guy so he's gonna pull
it back to our right d and zams is on the left and it's uh barnaby was barnaby ray and
they're just they're just killers every sorry mom every fucking swear you i'm gonna rip your fucking head off and piss down
your throat i'm gonna spear in the other one pouring water on my back they're like i'm on the
you can't pour water on someone's back but my back is up against them they're like just every swear
and they're just giving it to me and marty is like getting ready he's a right-handed guy for a face
off and he's bent down like this for the draw and it's going on it's between whistles so like no
one's really talking so the entire rink can hear like them just motherfucking every word to me just
i'm fucking dead anyways marty's about to take the face off he looks over at me looks back to
the draw he pulls himself up stands back and goes stalker you're so dead and then the entire the
entire bench starts laughing everyone on the ice starts laughing but we're out there like just like
oh so nervous so like shitting your pants on like thanks buddy can you just even your sentiments
did you fight as soon as the puck got dropped no they were on the bench they were on the bench
and whatever i've become great friends with Brad Mace.
And he's an unreal guy.
But before I knew him, I was playing him.
He goes, holy shit, Whitney, how do you skate around with shit in your diaper all game?
I remember being like, oh, my God, this guy's owning me.
It's great when guys have lines and they make you laugh.
Oh, yeah.
I couldn't not.
There was some guys
that went too far um oh yeah some guys the american hockey league was way worse oh yeah it was just uh
it was it's bad it was a cage match it was it was it was really bad but uh the guys in the nhl it's
great when you can get um guys to giggle you know like one night i'm giving it to Dougie Gilmore, who's one of the greatest players ever to play.
I don't know why I'm saying things to Doug Gilmore,
because it's Doug Gilmore,
and I haven't played in four hours.
I don't even know what's going on at this time.
I start yelling at Doug,
and Doug doesn't have a comeback and giggles.
Then he skates away.
You're like, oh yeah, that's a win.
That's a win.
That's a win.
Anybody else see that? Anybody else see that?
Anybody else see that?
PJ, I want to bring up, I brought him out earlier,
the ass kicker t-shirt.
We do play it here for the people listening at home.
Yeah.
You were, like I said, a folk hero here.
You fought anybody who came along and came into Boston.
The t-shirts popped up.
Perfect team for him.
Perfect, exactly.
PJ, stock crew in the front.
Ass kicker with your number 42 on the back.
My wife still has hers
20 years later I brought it to show you tonight
You said you had a good story about those
shirts so let's hear it
Yeah, so funny thing is
you know
I don't know what happened
I really don't know what happened
I had a fight with, it started off with a fight
with Eric
Bolton.
Oh yeah, he can throw. I fought
Eric Bolton. I don't know how many times I fought Eric.
And Eric was awesome because we were never
gory to each other. Like of the 20
times that he beat me up, he never
actually like was dirty in any of the times
that he beat me up. He was fighting
honest and fair. He wasn't looking to kill you.
And he could have been dirty with other guys and whatever, but Eric was always awesome. I. He wasn't looking to kill you. And he could have been dirty
with other guys and whatever,
but Eric was always awesome.
I loved Eric
and our battles that we had.
And he beat me up a lot.
So we had won in the garden
and it was,
you know,
again,
my fights,
I never win them.
In my head,
it's just like,
don't go down.
Just, you know,
in the Rocky movie,
just don't go down.
Just don't go down
because people don't know
if you win or lose.
They just,
you go down. You want to feel. just don't go down. Just don't go down because people don't know if you win or lose. They just go down.
You want to feel.
Just don't go down.
So we have a pretty good one in the corner, the right corner of the rink.
And it went on.
And as I'm going down center ice, I do the wave.
I don't know what happened.
Again, at this point, I've been punched in the head a bunch of times.
I thought that was something you were doing your whole career.
No.
I did it after moments where I don't know why I did it.
I swear to God.
Because you're so jazzed up.
But I'm not that guy. I'm not like people will bug you and joke because we talk and whatever.
But I'm not a flashy, flashy guy whatsoever.
We make our jokes. But I'm not like, you, but I'm not a flashy, flashy guy whatsoever. We make our jokes,
but I'm not like, you know, I'm not.
You were just so amped up.
They always happened after fights.
Yeah, of course.
But I don't think,
because that's what I'm saying.
Your adrenaline goes to such a level
that you just survived.
How many people have been in a fight?
And they think of that one fight of like,
oh my God, I survived. Well, try
doing that in front of
20,000 people with a guy
50 pounds heavier that can kill you in one
part. Think about it. You see it in movies
and stuff, and it's like, we're living that.
You'd come out of those things, and I'm like,
whoa! I was a Ric Flair,
and I was like this, and I was like, I want you to
learn how to do it and become more confident with it.
It's different, but some moments are like like thank god I'm still standing here boys okay anybody
see me I'm still standing sweating just thinking of those moments but uh I went down center ice
and um I did uh I did the wave and the uh I saw the video the next day and they showed the bench
laughing I don't know what I was thinking.
So people came and talked to me after about doing the wave.
And I ended up having a couple games later, I get in a fight with Steven Pete.
Oh, sorry.
Who did I fight after that?
Another fight was Steven Pete.
And again, another one of those ones that kind of went okay.
And no one really got the wave.
And then another fight after that um
you know it was an okay fight and i go to the box and no one's clapping and i'm like i'm trying to
do it to kind of get like the guys going or like we're joking about our stats but we do whatever
we can do to make a guy like wit we know what he can do we got to make sure that he can do whatever
he can do so anyone that's bothering wit we got to make sure we distract Witt, we know what he can do. We got to make sure that he can do whatever he can do. So anyone that's bothering Witt,
we got to make sure
we distract that guy
so our good players
can be good players.
That's what we do.
Like they have a pest
or a guy
that's throwing off,
you know,
our Ryan or our Witt.
We got to get that guy
or go after their best player
so now they got to change
their attention
from him
to me
to get me off of their guy so
anyways that's kind of the way the whole thing works
for post fight for nobody to be clapping you're like what's going on right now
and then I'm like
little wave
and everyone took off again
they were waiting for it
I'm like okay now that's what it is
now that's how the wave started now it's hard but now it was I'm like, okay. Now that's what it is. Now that's how the wave started.
Now it's hard.
But now it was every time.
Like it was every time.
One night Rob Ray landed like 17 lucky writes in a row.
And like he beat me in so bad.
And I'm like, they're all.
I'm like, what am I supposed to do now?
And I still kind of did one.
And everyone clapped for it, but it was like...
You became like the I didn't do it stupid Simpsons reference, but like the way for you
to do your punchline, basically, at that point.
They didn't care about the fight.
They just wanted the weight.
That's one of those ones where you're staring right down at the floor of the penalty box
and you go right there.
I'll tell you about getting beat up, but that one was...
So the shirts were after the Pete fight uh the guy comes into the fleet
center i wish i remembered the officer's name by the way i love all the police officers in boston
like my favorite people ever too like walking around the fleet center they were all like hey
what's going on how's it going and i'm like hey very good i hope you guys are having a great day
like they're stopping traffic to come over and get fist bumps and stuff like that.
I just love the fire guys and police guys in Boston.
So we do  he comes in with a box of T-shirts with my name on them.
You're not going to model it, all right?
You're not going to model the T-shirt?
That thing's a woman's small, I think.
You know what?
I don't think he can put it on.
You guys do some stuff.
I could be not make him
Throw on the t-shirt
And like
We'll do a wet t-shirt
You won't do it
I don't get hazed
I don't get hazed
I'll grab it
Keep talking
So we
He comes in with a bunch
Of these shirts
And it says
Ass kicker on the name plate
And PJ Saw crew
And I'm like
What do you want me to do with these
You have your name
And they're giving out
And people are buying them
Outside
And I'm like
This is the best thing ever.
I bought a bunch of them and I'm like,
pay that guy and whatever you want.
Like they were only like 10, 20 bucks and everyone,
it was the people of Boston were absolutely amazing.
So, and it's funny.
It's just, again, I'm a fourth line guy.
The boys never sold in the team sold in the store line guy that no
they were always out front i knew how shit i was i knew what my role was on the team
with 40 goal scorers and our third line was one of the best third liners and then
and just that's when a team's successful they find so many ways of writing how many times can
we write about the top three lines well always, we start adding on the fourth line. So that was one thing that kind of,
um,
uh,
it took off and it was like such a cool,
I never,
I never,
it's funny.
I never really look in the stands all that much.
Um,
but when you do look up and see it,
it was,
I have some really cool pictures in my basement when I went to,
again,
uh,
after some of these robbery moments,
I had to go to the mass general hospital and I have a picture where,
uh, uh, the mass general Hospital nurses are at a game,
and it's in my basement, and it's Mass General Hospital.
They're all holding up a sign.
They have a heart and PJ.
It's four nurses from Mass General all wearing the ass-kicker shirts.
It was just like a cool, super cool time.
Was that pretty early in your Boston career?
Well, I didn't have a long career there.
It was short.
I got hurt at 27.
I was done.
But it was like, yeah, it happened like, again, a couple, as I already mentioned, a couple
fights early that kind of took off.
It felt, I mean, it felt five years long.
And then I pulled it up.
I was like, holy shit.
He had like two pretty full seasons in one game.
And then they launched it at Philly.
And then I was hurt.
I was hurt and done.
It was like, what happened?
It seems so much longer. It was sticking my eye. And I, like the last year and then I was hurt. I was hurt and done. It was like, what happened? It seems so much longer.
Stick in my eye and
I like that last year
I played against you
guys.
I remember I got a
cage, a cage on her
half visor.
So I stopped at 28
because imagine the
stats I would have
had.
I would have
destroyed you.
If I played a little
bit longer, I would
have had two playoff
goals, maybe 28
points.
Who's got the best
points per game average? Grinnelli?
Look it up.
Yeah, you got 22 and like 206.
21 and 204.
Or 202.
22.
202.
And I got two.
I had seven goals and 14 assists.
How many games did you sit out?
Because I ate more hot dogs than anyone in the history of mankind.
I had more healthy scratches in games played.
Does he have more scratches than you have?
He would go shower after the game in his suit with the boys.
That was the only chance he...
Hey, that's my style.
I don't mind that.
The ends would make them.
Where was your first NHL game?
Was it at MSG or another place?
At Carolina, playing the Hurricanes.
I got called up.
The cool thing about that, I was never on a plane growing up.
No shit, really.
I grew up going camping in Maine here all the time in Old Orchard.
Oh, wow.
So we'd drive down.
All the Quebecers, yeah, we'd drive down, go to.
So I never actually was on a plane.
And now I'm playing pro.
And not only on a plane, I'm on a private plane.
That was your first plane ride?
Well, that was a private one.
But that was my first year being on a plane.
No shit.
Wow.
So back to those.
I don't know if the guys can show.
So the cool thing is about YouTube.
So my kids, like we're driving down.
My son Tyson and three daughters, Peyton, Maddie, and Avery,
they all play sports and pretty athletic.
And they're all playing hockey this one time.
We're driving to a tournament.
And they're playing at the Bell Center.
And they're like, hey, I'm friends with Yvonne Lambert
and Natasha Lambert and the Lambert family.
And so we're driving to the rink and and they're like oh this is really cool this is we're in the car with a bunch of other people this is where yvonne lambert played and they're like
the other lady in the car is like that's where your dad played too you moron like they so the
cool thing is that like youtube saved me a little little bit because they don't know me
at all besides some so um i started with the shirt things done we got some cups that i gave
some those are awesome yeah so i started i'm like i said that all these everything now has merch and
stuff right now so i'm starting um doing some some we did some insta lives during the lockout
with a lot of guys that i do
i was telling these guys i have the opportunity to meet a lot of super cool people and you meet
a lot of these hockey guys and they're always being interviewed and they're always feel like
they're being attacked right you always like like whenever you're doing a hockey interview it's like
get bucks deep uh you know guys are working hard and it's never really relaxed so i started doing
a few things last year and uh brought up some cool. So that's all kind of what's coming out
in November. So I'm pretty pumped
in bringing back a version of the shirt.
So I'm going to get your wife one. Your wife's getting
one for sure. And I want you in a tight
one. You're not going to see me in it then.
I want you in a tight one.
You're going on my...
He won't even wear an XL
shirt. He needs the shirt to be huge.
I'm RA. I want you on.
You're on my cover.
I want you on a top.
Maybe, can I haul the top of one?
I don't give a shit.
I mean, you're going to start cutting checks if you think I'm putting a haul the top on.
So were you always pretty good at getting interviewed during your career?
Because I heard a wild story of how you ended up getting into your post career in the media side.
And you were drunk at a bar?
I wasn't drunk.
No, you've never drank.
So were you good at the interviews?
Did you love the camera?
And how did it all start?
Biz, were you ever interviewed?
We're fourth line guys.
Were we ever interviewed?
Yeah, because I would say ridiculous shit,
and I started Twitter,
so they would actually shove the mic and camera
in my face quite a bit,
and I would just be an absolute donkey.
So yes, for a fourth line guy, there's a lot of similarities like I played defense in my career ended up moving
forward like just very grateful never thought I would end up in the NHL but got there and you
were drafted though like was amazing he almost made it as an 18 year old defense I know some
some discrepancies but definitely a lot of similarities in the fact that yes we're doing
anything we can do in order to stand out any game that we're in and just a lot of the same mentality so through
that and through the fact that you know a lot of the guys were i guess maybe a little stale in front
of the camera they're like well let's get this idiot to do stupid stuff and hey we'll see where
it goes right and that's where i got more comfortable but was that where you did it or
did you have to wait till after this crazy story story? So the craziest thing was the first time I had a brawl one time
against the Islanders.
Again, I was at St. FX University,
and six months later I'm playing for the New York Rangers.
I'm doing cake stands and playing frozen tag in a bar,
and I remember being frozen on top of a urinal at St. FX,
and the bouncer is like an ex-football player, and he's like, you've got to get out of there. And I'm like, dude, I'm frozen. I of a urinal at St. FX and the bouncers, like an ex football player.
And he's like,
you got to get out of there.
And I'm like,
dude,
I'm frozen.
I can't go anywhere right now.
And I'm holding up the lineup to the bathroom at a university bar.
And the guy's just giving me the gears.
And I'm like,
I'm frozen.
I can't go to like six months later.
I'm being interviewed by like the New York times and stuff like that.
And I did not know what,
I still don't know what to say.
But back then, you know, I was a little too quick at the lips and probably not as, didn't choose my words as properly as I probably should have.
Not a lot of it made because they would, Gretzky, Lafontaine, you mentioned all the guys' names.
So what happened to, I get hurt at 28.
The lockout year is 05 when you guys take off.
And I end up coming back and having eye surgery.
I thought I was going to play again.
Never play again.
I'm in a bar one night.
And the guy comes over.
His name is Mitch Melnick.
Great human being.
He works for Team 690.
Used to be Team 990 back in Montreal.
It's a heart and soul of sports radio in Montreal.
And Mitch comes up to me.
He's like, hey there, PJ, with his radio voice.
I'd love to do a pregame show with you tomorrow.
What do you think?
And I'm like, if you pay for my tab, I'll do it.
He's like, little did I know that that was the bar that sponsored,
Hurdley's was the bar that sponsored him.
They just wrote it up.
Yeah, yeah, no problem.
He's like, yeah, I got you.
I got it.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Four shows.
It took, that's what he said.
It happened like three times in a row
until I finally caught on.
Okay.
Yeah.
So I ended up doing, yeah,
he brought me in and went.
That's how it began.
So I did one radio show,
always like one, two, three pregame shows.
And I did a morning show with him.
And then they brought me in
and they offered me a job as a,
I'm going to,
I thought I was going to work as Mitch's assistant.
Like a biz to you or like the RA or I don't know.
Whatever.
So same skill sets.
I had more points.
Can we show the points total at any point?
Yeah.
We can show that.
Many times we'll get it up there.
Many times.
Oh, I'm definitely on the C-squad.
I'm just so wrong for the ride, buddy.
Just like when I played, pal.
I know, eh?
We had the best seats ever.
Best seats in the house.
Hey, look, there goes Lemieux.
Glad I'm not out there against him.
Hey, Jager!
Hey, Sackick!
Oh, this is so awesome.
Did you see Forsberg?
This is the coolest thing.
Forsberg's got new skates on today.
I got a signed stick after the game, pal.
So they bring me in and they offer me a radio contract
And I'm thinking I'm going to be Mitch Melnick's sidekick
Instead they give me my own show
And it's a three hour show
And again, I know nothing about radio
Except for the guys in New York when I started
Listened to Howard Stern
That's the only thing I know
So I know nothing about talk radio
Again, I didn't listen to music I'm a music guy I don't know much about talk radio Again, I didn't listen to music
I'm a music guy
I don't know much about talk radio, sports shows, anything
And it's three hours
So I'm like
Daily?
Daily
I'm going to kick the shit out of this
I'm going to go home and get ready
My brother and I, we went through all these stories
We came up with music songs
We came up with lines
We came up with hooks
We came up with stories
We came up with everything
Our first three hour show uh it's me and a and a kid that was doing the board
and i'm gonna kill it eight minutes into that first show i was done i was done i was like i
ran out of things to say eight minutes into a threehour show and it was like one of those i don't know how people
do the solo radio it's a grind man you know what goes on now you just talk i have you not noticed
what i've been doing now i haven't stopped it's like sorry again add in the basement thing and
then add in the talking thing i can it's like hours i talk to myself now. It keeps me busy.
I haven't come back.
We've been under quarantine for like two years.
Everyone has been cooped up for a while.
I want to ask you, who's one guy that you would never, ever want to fight again, no matter how many lifetimes?
One guy you don't want a second piece of, or a third, or a fourth.
How much time you got.
Yeah.
I was, you know know i'm pretty lucky i uh
you know i think the way my career kind of ended i think i i don't want to use this term but i'll say it because we're a little punch drunk probably you know i probably we didn't have that term back
then we didn't really say it but i uh you know concussions weren't really a thing, which is funny.
I think everything happened.
I was lucky I got out of the game when I did, I think, because of the amount of the way I played and fought.
I mean, I played soccer, competitive soccer, for so many years, and my job was the other team's goal.
He would kick the ball, and at half field after it traveled 60 yards, I'd bounce it off my head.
There's all these things that now today they're trying to eliminate that from sports and stuff.
Maybe there was a time where the bazooka Joe fell out of your glove.
You know, yeah.
We'll get to that after if that wasn't the answer.
Yeah.
No, it was just kind of like I never really I was kind of cool and calm in a fight i never really
fought out of anger it took me um a couple of them to get there my biggest thing i was nervous
prior to it i was really nervous yeah pre-game uh pre-game sleep my pre-game sleep would get
fucked up you and i would be like not you and i but i'd be doing my i'm not a good player and
when i saw the bigger guys watching me and I miss a pass and I'd see
them kind of chuckle, it would like throw me off.
Like it would like,
and then I had to go home and have a pregame nap or whatever.
And it like, it was tough.
It was really mentally.
And I'm a guy that, you know, I never took coffee even.
I never really, you you know i like my beers
after the game with back then we had i had i drank the old beers and a couple jameson shots was like
that's all you did back then that's what going out was um and you know i never really took anything
never really did anything and it was like but i can see how people in that role try to calm themselves down prior to a night.
Oh, yeah.
Like if I'm fighting Biz, you know, you're 6'3".
What were you, 215 when you played?
Yeah, and I was like buck 87, buck 90.
And I know I would have watched a video of you fighting and how well you would have done.
I wouldn't have visualized the power play, the penalty killing, the breakout.
I would have visualized like he's righty, he's he's got a good stance and that's all i was wanting to get over with as soon
as the puck drops well i just wanted to i couldn't think of hockey i was thinking about you killing me
that's all i was thinking of and that would be in my brain and it's hard to do anything else
until that game's over yeah and then you this problem is two nights later you had a game another night yeah
and then brashear's in the rink and then it's and then it's yeah there's an anxiety that builds and
i think that the drinking after the games definitely was like my reward to be like i got
through it fucking let's drink about it and laugh about it and then we'll deal with it tomorrow
yeah totally i was i love that part of the game i love the hanging out i love sitting in my uniform
after a game for hours or practice i love there's like hanging out hanging out in the locker room
guys don't understand it like game's over and i'm like where are you guys all going trainers are
like come on pj i know can i just sit in my equipment or playing like i don't play much but
in like a men's league i love sitting in my half-pant uniform
and just sitting there for hours.
I can sit there and just...
That was Shane Doan.
He would sit in his gear.
I had to get out of my gear.
Probably because it wasn't even wet
and it hadn't formed to my body yet.
So I was like, this is stiff and uncomfortable.
I can't break these gloves in.
It's been a year.
Before we get to more of the post-career,
I got to hear the Bazooka Joe story.
If there's one story that kind of sums up my career, this is pretty much it.
I'd love to give you Cole's notes first.
I'm going to try my best, and I apologize.
I'm a little long-winded.
Gone with the wind.
Here we come.
My kids never let me speak at home.
Yeah.
So back in the day, we're playing New York Rangers, New York Islanders, first year.
We had that team, the old 85 Oilers team, but it's 97 in New York right now.
And we're like, there's no salary cap, but we're expected to do pretty well.
But we're about to lose to the Islanders and not make the playoffs.
Huge New York, New York rivalry.
And we're in Long Island.
And if we lose this game, we're pretty much done for the playoffs.
The crowd goes crazy because we have Gretz there anywhere we
went and we get down they score a goal
to make it 3-0 and their building
is rocking
crazy and it's like
everyone's and Gretz goes
out there you know a couple minutes left to go
on the game and they're like okay
Gretz
goes out to take the face off and the left's like whoa
there's a timeout been called and gretz goes back and sees our coach john muckler and looks at muck
and muck's like sometimes i think muck would fall asleep on the bench sometimes i just
don't mean to say that but yeah i think he fell anyways so muck is like i didn't call time out
so then gretz looks at their bench and goes over to see their bench
and goes over in there because Gretz can do that.
Wayne goes over to their bench and says, do you guys call a timeout?
And the guys on the team kind of roll their eyes and point up to Mike Milbury.
That Mike Milbury called the coach.
Let me preface this by saying I love Mike Milbury.
But for the story, I'm just going to play the  I'm in range at the time.
I work with Mike. I love Mike. But at the time, I'm just going to play the  I'm a ranger at the time. I've worked with Mike.
I love Mike.
But at the time, he's a coach at New York Islanders.
They called the timeout.
And there he is.
Mike, as I spoke to him after, he said, like, well, I wanted to make sure the guys were calm and ready yet.
No, no.
It was 3-0.
And he was standing up there like, oh, like the crowd going crowd going crazy and he was like they were like
they just eliminated us and they were loving it and now gretz like kind of like yells at them
then comes back to our bench and and goes to muckler and mucks and i think my mucks might
have taken another nap at this point but he's like mucks and he's like uh they called the time
out and and he's like what he looks at timeout. And he's like, what?
He looks at them.
He starts, this is where there's going to be a little bit of swearing.
And it's not me.
It's everybody else.
So he looks at everyone on their bench and says, what the fuck?
They start yelling back, coaches.
And Milbury's not saying anything.
And Muckler's like, you want to play that fucking game?
You want to play that fucking game?
Stalker, get your lineup stalker
get your fucking lineup it's fucking three minutes left to go in the third period i haven't played
since why am i getting punished three minutes since the first period so now for regular people
are thinking well whatever that's 17 minutes in the first and then you know another 20 and then
another 17 you know it's it's it's not that bad no no no that's like minutes in the first, and then another 20, and then another 17. It's not that bad.
No, no, no.
That's like two and a half hours since you touched the ice.
At least 90 minutes.
Like two hours, man.
I haven't touched the ice.
And now, the one thing in the NHL that you get an abundance of is tape,
and back then, bazooka Joe gum.
Everywhere.
Everywhere.
It lost its flavor in three seconds. It lost it 100. and back then, bazooka Joe gum. Everywhere. Everywhere.
It lost its flavor in three seconds.
It lost it 100. And they tear it hard as a rock chewing it.
So much tape and bazooka Joe gum.
So we're in Long Island,
and we're sitting,
the Long Island bench is like,
the other team's there,
glass, sorry, little photographer,
then their team,
but there's two seats,
and then the door, and then the team, but there's two seats and then the door
and then the team
or the rest of the guys, I call them the team because I wasn't
allowed to sit over there. Yeah, I would always sit
on the end too. I'm sitting on the end because we didn't
play. Yeah. Right? So we didn't play.
I just want to be comfortable not to keep moving.
So again, two and a half hours of me not
playing hockey and I tried my ADD
ADHD, YMCA, NBA
trying to keep it all going on at the same time.
I play games.
So like I play, I'd spy with my little eye with the backup trainer, the goalie, anybody.
Another game is a fun one to play is for people watching.
You guys can thank me or get some Pink Whitney.
Appreciate that.
Appreciate that.
Send you some.
Thank you very much.
A blackjack with the clock.
appreciate that appreciate that
send you some
thank you very much
Blackjack with the clock
so whenever the clock stops
let's say
you know
R.A. Witt and Biz and I
are playing
and I'm house
the first whistle
the last number
let's say it starts at
1959
R.A. would get a nine
and you wait
until the next whistle
Biz you'd get that
and you play Blackjack
and me as house
at 16
would always have to hit
so you know whatever 20 bucks a hand and you just do this throughout the game and at 16 would always have to hit so you know
whatever
20 bucks a hand
and you just do this
throughout the game
and like
it's 5-2
your team's losing
but you just hit blackjack
and like
woo
and the coach
will look down at you
and you're like
so this
you know
I had all kinds of stupid things
to keep myself
I wouldn't play for hours
this particular night
I'm sitting on the
Long Island bench
and it's just me
and Darren Langdon,
who is one of the best human beings ever.
Langer from Newfoundland, he was the best.
I just love Darren Langdon.
And this particular night, Langer is on my left, and I'm sitting here,
and I filled my glove up with Bazooka Joes.
There's three colors of Bazooka Joes.
There's grape, there's like a red.
Cherry, right?
Cherry, and like a pink and the traditional
original yeah yeah three and as wit says we we were betting 20 bucks a guess which one i was
gonna pull out of my glove next oh my god okay and the only one if you opened a purple one we
chewed it that was it and you chew it for three seconds until your mouth went. It was great. Those three seconds.
So we take a few seconds of, you know, of, you know, bet.
Okay.
Purple.
That's right.
You'll be 20 bucks.
Pink.
That's pink.
I owe you 20 bucks.
And we did this for like the third period.
Three minutes left to go.
I still got half a glove of bazooka Joe's and like stalker.
Get your lineup.
Your fucking lineup. Fucking Darren Lang stalker, get your lineup. What's your fucking lineup?
Fucking Darren Langdon's skates are undone.
I have no tape on my shin pads.
And Bill Berg was our other linemate, but Billy killed penalties,
and Billy was a superstar.
Remember, he snapped his leg.
Remember that?
I don't know.
I think his career ended with a compound fracture, right?
But not in this story, R.A. You just jumped in.
That's all right.
You just jumped in. That's all right. That's another story, R.A. You just jumped in. That's R.A.
That's another story, R.A.
That's my hockey memory.
You gotta go Scotty Gomez, Spiderweb.
Choose your own ending.
Goosebumps are all fine.
Let's go.
So, anyways, we end up...
We end up...
Stalker, get your...
So, I'm like, get your line up.
I fucking quickly tape around here.
And I used to put water on myself to wake myself up.
Like, water on my head, water on my arms, water on my hands, everywhere.
I quickly, there's like, stalker,
get out there. Langer's tying up
his skates, trying to get ready.
We put our line out there and it's
myself, again,
and we're nothing from tough guys whatsoever
but we were our fourth line. Darren Langdon,
super tough guy. Myself,
Bill Berg, we had
Eric Cairns and Bruce Driver.
Our goalie was Danny Cloutier.
They decide to put
their most offensive line out there
thinking that
they're not going to do it.
It's Tchaikovsky,
Zygmunt Palfrey,
Trevor Linden,
Jean-Jacques Daigneault,
and a young Zidane Oceara.
Their goalie is Tommy Salah. Well're Goldie, Tommy, Salo.
Well, I go, I'm at center ice and I haven't played
and I got, I'm fired up and everyone's swearing
and the building's rocking and they go to drop the puck
and I take my stick and I'm gonna, I don't know why,
I never did this.
I decide I'm gonna slash Trevor Linden across the chest.
Just like right across his belly, like right here.
The problem is, when I went on the ice,
I tried to shake all the bazooka Joe gums out of my glove.
And when I went to take the face off and finally put my glove on
because I had a really big mouth guard,
I put my mouth guard in front of my glove
and my fingers still couldn't fit into my glove
because there were still bazooka Joes slammed in the bottom of my glove.
So I'm holding my stick with like two fingers and I slash Trevor Linden like this.
He looks at me like, what are you doing?
But again, I have such a big mouth guard in and I can't because I work for fighting.
And I'm like, I wanted to tell him like, you know, piss off.
And I take my second go to him again.
It's like a wet noodle like this.
It's something like this.
And it's just kind of like
the puck goes
Trevor was a right handed face
I've won it back
went and went
Zdeno Charo
Zdeno Charo is now
at the red line
I get there as fast as I can
which was probably
three minutes later
to get there
and I jump up
and I
freaking
for Bruins fan
I elbow Zdeno Charo
like there's no tomorrow
and I jump so high
I got him right in the
right here
I got him right right. I got him right
in the sternum.
He looks down like, is he okay, kid?
Then before you know it, Darren Lang,
our goalie is Danny Clousey.
Danny Clousey stops the puck behind the net
so they blow the whistle because I have a penalty for
half slashing and then
kind of jumping on chair. Darren Lang,
the only guy I can go after is chair.
It's a young chair. It's not a Bruins Chara.
So it's not an Islanders Chara.
So Langer comes and jumps on top of me to go after Chara.
And then Bruka Boom comes and jumps on top of Langer to go after Chara.
Anyways, we end up, a fight breaks out, and I get stuck with Tchaikovsky.
And he's like, I think he was dating a Bond model at the time. Yeah, Mariusz Tchaikovsky. And he's like, I think he was dating a Bond model at the time.
Yeah, Mariusz Tchaikovsky.
Yeah, Polish kid, right?
I wanted to talk to him about that, but he wouldn't talk to me.
And I didn't want to hit him or anything.
What are you doing?
Yeah.
He has a visor on, and I go to punch him, and he just doesn't move.
So I'm like, okay, here's the deal.
Let's just stay here, and nothing happens, and let's be cool.
Let's be buddies, you know?
Give me Bond tickets, whatever.
And he's kind of like, just kind of, no one's moving.
And that's it.
Until Billy Guerin's fighting Trevor Linden knocks trevor linden to the ground trevor falls down and then uh tracoski pushes me off to go save his you know trevor
linden and as he goes to save trevor linden it's like a comic i grab him by the back of the jersey
it's like like that stretch thing like he's about to get there and his feet stop and I'm holding him back and I pull
him and I start punching him
a bunch of times. Their goalie, Tommy
Salo, comes after me. Danny
Cloutier is our goalie.
Have you guys ever seen Cloutier?
Oh, he's tough. Tough. Real tough.
You've got to watch his video. Another hockey fight.
Yeah, I've seen him. Cloutier goes down
and takes off all his upper
body gear and goes after Tommy Salo, then challenges their bench.
And it's a big brouhaha of everything.
Yeah, Islander Rangers brawl.
That kind of, it was great.
Our goalie is sitting there with his turtleneck on
and a neck challenging their bench.
It was hockey back then.
Anyways.
I'm sorry.
Yeah, so everyone gets kicked off the ice and as they're
about and ready to start the game back up and they're like the new goalie that's in for tommy
sallow i forget who it was at the time he has to hit the ice because as we were fighting my gloves
got kicked around and everything and all the gum got loose and now there was bazooka joes all over
the ice so the game game was delayed another three minutes
as every time they went to start, they had to pick up.
So that pretty much sums up my hockey career.
Linesman over there with hoes, chipping out Bazooka Joes.
That's pretty much my career in a nutshell.
That's your class.
I remember when he played in Boston,
the rumor was that he would celebrate with goals
by doing a backflip on the ice.
Did you ever hear of that or see any of that?
He never did it during a game in the NHL,
but when he came over, that was the rumor about him. He would do a backflip on the ice. But you ever hear of that or see any of that? He never did it during a game in the NHL, but when he came over, that was the rumor
about him.
He would do a back flip on the ice.
But then he never did one?
But then he never did one, no.
So then how would he see one?
Well, I don't know.
Maybe he heard the myth or something.
No, I worked on a figure skating show, which we don't have to get into now.
Well, no, I was going to ask you.
You were like an executive producer of Battle of the Blades.
I was a producer.
I was a competitor on it.
I tried to get busy with you guys. You i was a competitor on it i tried to get
busy with you guys you would have been great on it i know i just didn't have the time but hey
you guys think i could figure skate i think totally you can be yeah i know i could i think
this is something i think there's something in house that could be done here they take a former
world champion national hockey player they compare they pair them with a world figure skating... Can I go
Chaz Michael-Michael style with another guy?
Has anyone done that yet? No one's done it yet,
but I can see you two should totally
be in the next one. I can't even skate.
I was on it twice. I can see
Biz Whippin' Whitt up in the air
catching him. Totally. Totally.
Yeah, so anyways,
that's about it. I've seen guys do
flips, but... Yeah, that was the big story about him. I've seen guys do flips, but...
Yeah, that was the big story about him.
Biz, what else do you have?
That's all I...
If you want to go over my playoff goal again,
I can do it all night.
We appreciate you coming here.
You want to just do our stats one last time?
Buddy, this has been unbelievable.
Congratulations on an amazing career
and a fun one at that.
Good luck selling the rest of those T-shirts
because you apparently got more coming. We got more. Yeah, we're coming. Yeah, I got a pretty one at that. Good luck selling the rest of those T-shirts because you apparently got more coming.
We got more.
Yeah, we're coming.
Yeah.
Yeah, I got a pretty one for you, too.
Yeah, I got to get an upgrade for Mrs. Array.
I need to be rocking one.
And best of luck moving forward.
I know you got your own stuff going on.
You got the IG Lives.
You got the fucking  what else do you got?
I'm going to get sweaters.
What is this Get Stocked Challenges?
Oh, I did  again, I just  just whatever i just did some stuff to keep people
involved and uh stay busy stay busy everything's about adapting and like uh when everyone we're
all coming out of covet and i'm like let's all you don't have to do it it's like why not do it
anyways i put a little fitness challenge and uh nice yeah so actually that's why i stopped because
i kind of blew my knee out oh out but uh yeah i was putting like
a monthly challenge of like uh do it or not do it it was like uh the last one i put out was
60 kilometer in a month 60 kilometers to run so whatever you want uh 600 burpees
and uh what was the other thing there's a third one with that. Oh, yeah, and 60 minutes of doing a plank.
120 minutes doing a plank.
So look at that.
Follow, what's your IG?
PJStock.
Follow him.
You get free training lessons.
Yeah.
Going to turn into a military member.
A comedy show.
Comedy show.
You get a little of everything.
PJStock, the stock crew ass kicker.
He'll even show a little nipple.
Little OnlyFans style.
A little nipple.
IG Live late night, like the QJ session from R.A.
Thanks for coming on, pal.
You guys are awesome.
PJ, it's been a blast, brother.
Awesome, buddy.
Thank you so much.
Cheers, boys.
Thanks for coming.
Thank you.
Awesome.
Cheers.
The ass kicker.
Huge thanks to PJ Stark for joining us.
That was a great throw for me, man.
That guy, I mean, not the biggest guy, but he can chuck them, boy.
He was, like I said, a folk hero in this town.
When he showed up for the interview, brought a couple bottles of scotch with him,
and he pours a cup for me, I was like, no way.
He basically forced it on me.
I had like a sip.
I was like, ooh, this ain't too shabby, not too bad.
I'm going to be like an old fucking drunk uncle drinking scotch now.
I don't think I've developed a palate yet.
I think you're already that old drunk uncle.
I just don't drink scotch. Wait, I haven't developed a palate yet. I think you're already that old drunk uncle. I just don't drink scotch.
Whit, I haven't developed a palate that enjoys that type of stuff.
But, Ari, I agree with you.
If you go to the higher end stuff, you could definitely tell a difference in quality and maybe how it sits.
So you know how, like, a lot of times, depending on where and what you're doing, like, a drink can taste different in a sense?
Agreed. So if I was sitting here right now with a whiskey or a scotch, I wouldn't like it. of times depending on where and what you're doing like a drink can taste different in a sense so if
i was sitting here right now with a whiskey or scotch i wouldn't like it i wouldn't want to sit
and sip on it but every time i've gone and played golf in europe we all fill up the flask and just
chug whiskey and scotch the whole time and i love it so for some reason being on a golf course in
scotland i really enjoy it but sitting around doing nothing, I'm like, this is gross.
So definitely an odd thing.
And is it a little chilly on the golf course there?
Yeah, I think that's maybe it warms you up.
Maybe that's a little bit of it, right?
If it's cold out someday, you can do some whiskey on a golf course.
But his was decent.
I had a glass that night before we went out to dinner.
Yeah, it was good stuff.
You know what I got a kick out of lately?
Mezcal.
Oh, I love Mezcal.
We were down in Philly.
I ordered a tequila.
The botch was like, you ever try Mezcal?
I was like, no.
I had a couple of those, and I ended up picking up a bottle.
How would you describe it?
Like a burnt tequila?
A little bit.
It's got that smoky taste to it.
Smoky, yes.
I sip it.
Yeah, it's good.
Before we move along, I do want to let you know that interview was also brought to you by SimpliSafe.
If you've ever wanted to make your home feel safer, there is no better time than now
because this week, our friends at SimpliSafe are giving spit and chiclets listeners early access to their holiday deals,
40 off their award-winning home security.
We love SimpliSafe because it has everything you need to make your home safe.
Indoor and outdoor cameras, comprehensive sensors,
all monitored around the clock by trained professionals who send help the instant you need it.
You can easily customize a system for your home online in minutes
and even get free custom recommendations from SimpliSafe.
These are SimpliSafe's biggest discounts of the year.
You can get a complete home security system starting at just over 100, and there are no
long-term contracts or commitments. It's a really easy way to start feeling a bit more peace of mind.
SimpliSafe is everybody's favorite home security company, and I'm no exception. I can't believe how
easy it is to customize, set up. Like I said before, I'm not a handyman. I hate tools. This stuff was super easy and I sleep better at night knowing my family and I are protected day and
night with SimpliSafe camera and a built-in spotlight and night vision. So take advantage
of SimpliSafe's holiday deals and get 40 off your new home security system by visiting
simplisafe.com slash chicklets. Again, that's simplisafe.com slash chicklets again that's simply safe.com slash chicklets for 40 off your
entire system boys we saw one of the coolest i guess you would call it a gift not really a trophy
we always see the silver sticks when guys play their thousandth game but we talked a week or two
ago chris russell edmonton defenseman he set the record for the most block shots in the nhl he's
got over 2 000 now well they gave him silver shin pads in honor of the record.
Those are one of the coolest things I've ever seen, Biz.
Never seen anything like that before.
Looked like big, huge dildos.
Silver dildos, didn't it?
I don't know.
I've never seen a big, huge silver dildo.
That's what people kept saying.
They're like, it looks like a couple big, huge dildos.
Okay.
Well, it was a pretty cool trophy to look at.
Oh, yeah, yeah.
Oh, you want me to comment on that?
Buddy, it's awesome.
It's such a unique and cool trophy to look at. Oh, yeah, yeah. Oh, you want me to comment on that? Buddy, it's awesome. It's such a unique and cool gift to give him.
And I don't think Duncan Key's very far behind him either.
So I wonder if it's kind of one of these new
well, they just started tracking it in 2005.
So I wonder how many guys are close behind.
Duncan Key's right on his tail?
That's what Jimmy Playfair, I think, was telling me.
Because I was telling you  by the way, we got him coming on the podcast soon.
We already recorded it.
Great insight onto a bunch of the defensemen on the Edmonton Oilers.
And Chris Russell is one of the guys that we talked about a little bit.
But, yeah, I think he mentioned Duncan Keith as well.
He's not far behind.
All right, Biz, moving right along.
is not far behind all right biz uh moving right along Ottawa GM Pierre Dorian uh said that he made a mistake back in September when he declared that quote-unquote the rebuild is over uh he said
he'll make a deal or two if he can find a fit but he's not going to give up any important pieces of
the future for short-term gain his quote sometimes the excitement of the season gets into probably
what I should have said is pretty much all the core pieces in the of the rebuild are in the organization so he kind of I would say backpedaled he just you know
said the rebuild was over and then realized okay maybe we're not quite there yet but I don't I
don't imagine they're going to make any sort of blockbuster I mean they got all these good parts
in place I don't think they're probably going to get in the playoffs this year what do you think
they should do biz oh I think that he also said in that same press conference as part of like to kind of wake up the guys and part of that core group.
He said that he didn't think he was getting enough from the guys that he trusted and who could turn this thing around.
And he probably said that and like, you know, we're not making moves in a sense of like we got some guys here that if they could fucking figure it out, we could start winning some games.
So I viewed it as a not an aggressive
call out but maybe a fair one and hey fuck they went on a nice little run after that i think they
beat the canes they beat the abs uh i think they won three of the last four they beat the lightning
and they beat the lightning right so they beat the lightning for nothing that was a big surprise
and fucking brady kachuk is playing unbelievable point Point of game right now, looking like the true captain that he is.
But since then, better play.
But, yeah, definitely I was kind of when I heard it, I'm like, well, yeah,
you guys aren't there.
And if he's got a guy in the last year of his deal and someone's willing to give you a fourth rounder for it,
like fucking get rid of the guy.
You know what I'm saying?
So, yeah, so for him to come back, not shock, but kind of nice, man.
Like I think sometimes like some of these guys if they're
not playing up to their capability and you've handed them over some money and you believe them
you fucking i think you have the right to give them a little kick in the ass sometimes no doubt
did you did you view that as that when he said that yeah a little bit and i think to say the
rebuild is over like he definitely i i understand what he meant in terms of we have guys that are
drafted we have guys in the minors.
Like we believe the core pieces we need to get to that next level are in the organization already.
That's what I mean by it being over.
Now, when you say the rebuild's over, it's like that's what fans think.
They're like, all right, we're competing for the playoffs this year.
So I understand the miscommunication there.
But I also saw DJ Smith.
He mentioned before the Tampa game,
you know, our guys want to be true number
one line players, and
you know, they're paid like that. They got to start
performing, and Tampa's an opportunity for us
to play against. Now, granted, they don't have Kucherov
in point, but to play against a top
team in the league, and they showed up, and Kachuk
had a hat trick. Was it his first hat trick?
I think it might have been.
Yeah, I'm pretty sure yeah so
congrats to him and it was an empty netter that sealed it but i i think that auto was it's it's
really hard man when you're going through what they've been through for this long and you see
guys and they get accustomed to losing and that is the absolute worst possible scenario an organization
and a team can get in is when guys just get used to it
and it's all we lost another one that's kind of what we do around here it's like that is why the
gm is possibly speaking out and that's why the coach is challenging the top end players
because you can't let that sink in and become the norm as hard as it is to fight it
well said wit well said um biz you got a new jersey on you did a little
sheer costume change
during our last time out there
I like the old school
Pittsburgh
oh I love these jerseys
you gotta blow your afro
out again
look like Snoop Dogg
when he was in the video
with that same shirt
yeah like half cone road
half just throw it out
is that the one
he's got like the half chop
yeah
I got the old 67
that's nice
they hooked you up
well the Penguins
they've been playing well, man.
Four in a row.
Crosby kind of lightened it up.
Gensel's on fire.
Great player.
And they're getting Gino back soon, man.
This is a team.
I don't know.
Teams want to play them late in the season.
The playoffs, bizzle watch.
So the closest I got to watch Sid was that game against McDavid and the Oilers.
And even at that point, I don't think Sid had gotten enough reps.
And he's the guy. He just needs to get back in the rhythm. And every time he comes back from one of these things, he's like, even at that point, I don't think Sid had gotten enough reps. And, you know, he's the guy, he just needs to get back in the rhythm.
And every time he comes back from one of these things, he's like, hey, I just need to get my reps.
Once I start getting my reps, things are going to come back.
And this nice little run he's been on, man, he's looking like the old fucking Sidney Crosby.
So every time I feel like the, you know, when he comes back from something serious and, you know, he the injury, and then he also got COVID.
So you're not supposed to be around the team.
You can't quite stay in that exact shape that you want to be,
especially coming off the injury.
It's like, fuck, he was up against the wall, and he's a professional,
and he's fucking figured it out, and he's really helped this team turn it around.
Gensel's doing well.
Carter's been an unbelievable addition.
He fit in just like a glove on another team that, man,
I said they're going to miss playoffs, but they just,
you talk about the winning culture,
and sometimes they don't have those big, shiny, fancy names,
and maybe they don't win in the most luxurious of ways.
Well, they're starting to figure it out, man.
I think I'm going to be chewing on my fucking words in a few
months they they they got just a kick in the dick with genzel getting hurt because the way he'd been
playing their leading score and being week to week now that sucks because he's looked phenomenal
but crosby back in the swing of things point per game again he's right there and the tang has had
a monster season his contract's actually up i don't know what's going to go on there.
I can't imagine him playing anywhere else,
but he's going to deserve a lot of money.
He's also 36 or 35.
He's had the heart issue,
but still this year he has been rock solid.
And then I think the most important name,
even with Sid being out and back in,
is Jari.
And his numbers are top notch
and he's been one of the top goalies in the league.
And this team is able, with Mike Sullivan's been there long enough,
they shut it down.
They play defense.
Like, they are able to really lock teams down.
They had a huge 1-0 win against the Ducks the other night.
Also, that line that plays together, it's Aston Reese, it's Bluger,
and the other player is McGinn I think is on that line
a really
kind of typical
new age third line that they
can all score
McGinn had the winning goal
the 1-0 goal to have the game winner
against the Ducks on a great pass from Aston
Reese so they have depth and they have the ability
to shut it down play good defense
great goaltending.
Malkin's not even playing yet. It is
exactly kind of what we thought wouldn't be
the case and that this would finally be the year they
slow down and they look great. Right now,
they're not in the top three in the Metro, but you just
look at the Metro and it's been so lights out
with the Rangers, Carolina, and Washington.
It's like Pittsburgh's playing this well
and they're sitting in a wild card. So
that division is so good and this team has been phenomenal all year,
really, even without Sid.
Good job.
You guys always bang out.
Holy fuck, Whit.
I'm a Penguins guy.
I love the Penguins.
Penguins on the east, Oilers on the west.
The Oilers, guys, I am frigging worried and nervous,
and they need help in goal.
They need another left defenseman.
And they need a third line center.
And they also need to stop relying so heavily on McDavid and Dreitzel.
And it's five losses in a row.
They played against Carolina.
And it was like they had no chance.
I knew going into the game they had no chance.
By the way, Ajo is on fire right now.
He's got 12 points in his last five games.
He's sick.
And I think he scored two goals,
including the winner against Calgary.
The next night they're going to Edmonton.
I said, Edmonton's not going to win this game.
Sure as shit, they lost again.
And it's like when McDavid and Leon can't light it up,
I am worried.
I'd be more worried about that.
I'm picking out earrings.
I'm picking out Bond-style earrings.
That's what I'm saying.
Although I've seen O-Dog has an earring.
I can see you in a nice big hoop.
O-Dog looks great on TSN with his earring.
He's made me feel way more comfortable.
Now, the Flames haven't exactly lit it up lately either, luckily.
Yeah, so they got pumped, and then they blew that lead to San Jose,
and then they lost again to Boston.
So, yeah, I wouldn't say I'm necessarily as concerned as maybe you should be because, yeah, the Oilers are trending way worse than the Calgary Flames,
and we're still ahead of you fucking clowns.
So pump the fucking brakes, Rick.
Are you?
Yes, sir, by four points, Whit.
So you guys got some catching up to do,
and you got some up to do.
And you got some healing to do.
What do you got for us, G?
I was going to say the Oilers should give the Dallas Stars a call.
I mean, I feel like they got some goalies.
Anton Khadobin, you know, why not ask the Dallas Stars for a goalie? Well, I mean, Smith's coming back Friday from what I heard.
That's what somebody said.
He could be playing Friday.
So I think you give him a spin for a little bit
and see how your own goaltending situation works out
and then maybe make a decision more towards the deadline.
Because, you know, especially as a goalie and maybe an older one,
if you get this like, I know you're coming back from injury and he has been injury prone i think that
sometimes when you come back about this point in the season you're rejuvenated enough where you
feel like it's almost the start of the year so you don't go into postseason as banged up or
more mentally clear especially as a goaltender. So I'm interested.
Tip is loyal as they come.
He's loyal like a dog, and he believes in Smitty.
There's a reason that they signed him.
He says, I think we can get value there,
just like we got him in fucking Arizona.
And the only difference being is they fucking have the offense
to support it if he can catch fire.
So, hey, man, I like it like it i like the loyalty let's fucking ride
baby i mean we got fucking we're talking about riding with rico bosco sorry yeah you guys will
make playoffs first excuse me same to you buddy st louis blues they've been having all kinds of
roster issues injuries and whatnot they recalled uh australian nathan walker he puts up a hat trick
his first game after recall first time that's ever happened where a guy's gotten recalled and scored
a hat trick in that first game so congrats to him man plus like i'd ever in australia in the nhl is
such such a good thing man i don't know if it's gonna have a ripple effect but we need more
interviews it was an amazing story and then then i hear that he last year because of covid where
where i think australia is locking down as intensely and ridiculously as anyone in the planet is for COVID.
His whole family, his wife and kid, they couldn't see him.
They were there, I believe.
So he wasn't able to see them for so long.
And then this year, his wife was able to watch the game when he gets called up to get the hat trick.
I think the last one was on a tip.
And right away when the guys realized it was him, it was a cool really cool exciting moment when when you usually never see that
usually guys barely getting any ice time when when they're a recall like that and he gets all three
goals so sick yeah we're gonna try to get him on and get his story and uh and hear his entire
perspective definitely as whit mentioned went through some tough times there, but a very cool story. So I'd imagine he's going to be staying up a while.
I don't know.
It's hard to say.
If it's an emergency recall, I don't think you can.
I say we riot if they send him down after the Hattie.
That's what they're doing in Australia.
Australia.
Actually, yeah.
Australia has a little tie-in with Chicklets history.
That's where biz was when
we uh asked him to join the show oh yeah oh yeah what were you doing over there again i was there
with the olympic network talking about how they're growing the game and they had this like semi pro
league that uh that they had running over there in melbourne they had two teams out of melbourne
and i never ended up going outside of melbourne i wanted to go check out sydney but i was there to work and then i had to get back for other stuff
but uh definitely a country that i'd like to go explore and then go to perth on the complete other
end and then hit up new sydney's gorgeous i've sydney's gorgeous i've been there before biz it's
it's unbelievable the people are so nice as well and then you talked about the
lockdowns i i one of my dreams is to go to new zealand i i would consider living in new zealand
i've never even been there because it's just how how lush it is and and all the hiking you could
do it all the outdoor stuff the thing is those they don't uh like it's pretty it's uh they got
a pretty good lock on things there they don't't really don't like to add to the population.
I don't even think you can buy cigarettes there.
I saw some story.
They're going to stop selling cigarettes.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah, so the young kids don't start.
I mean, that's a country that cares about its people,
and you don't want kids getting hooked on nicotine
and dying of fucking lung cancer.
Plus, Australia, they got some of the
I think that continent has the most killer animals all over the place.
You can get killed walking down your driveway
and fucking seven ways to Sunday in that place, Australia.
We had a butchered call, and the NHL butchers a call.
The Sabres thought they got a late tying goal versus the Rangers.
In a statement released by the league on Saturday,
senior executive VP Colin Campbell said that Victor Olofsson's goal scored with 57 seconds left should have stood because video replays could not definitively determine whether the Sabres are offside entering the zone.
So the goal was disallowed.
And then the review officials, he said they didn't take into account whether Olofsson touched the puck before Dolan had tagged up.
You can see the picture I sent you guys.
It was clearly a fuck-up.
The replays were inconclusive.
They should have never overturned it.
I don't know.
I mean, is it going to make a difference in the Sabres season?
Hey, who cares?
Come on.
You should have told me that this morning.
I would have chopped it out of the fucking outline.
You fucking Sabres fans should be fucking celebrating this.
Well, the only thing it could affect is if the Rangers end up winning the division by one point,
the teams that are beneath them could be bitching.
The Sabres fans, they're already motherfucking Josh Allen and the Bills.
Hey, you see the franchise values?
Anything going good for the Rangers is good for us, buddy.
Who cares?
Fuck it.
Do you know the top five teams were five of the original six
do you know what team was um not top five of the original six in in value okay so let's let's uh
let's do the trivia question so for those uh for those of you who are trying to understand what's
going on so the franchise values came out and wit's saying that you said five of the first six the top five franchise values are
five of the six original six teams and i asked you it's pretty easy i think but
i asked you which team of the original six is not in the top five do you think
edmonton oh my god they're not even original six for fuck's sake. Detroit?
Detroit.
Edmonton.
They came from the WHA.
No, so I misunderstood the question.
I did too busy.
Oh really?
Grinnelli, how did they misunderstand that?
Talk to me, bud.
I thought you worded it perfectly, Ryan.
Thanks, G.
All right, what I thought he was saying is that five of the first six were from the original six.
What was the other team that was not from the original six?
That's what I thought.
That's how I thought you worded it.
Yeah.
All right.
So, I mean, either way.
You were wrong.
Just how our brains work.
Now, can I ask you a question?
Who was the team that was not an original six in that list?
The top five teams were five of the six
original six teams okay okay so the top five worthy worth teams whatever however you word it
are original six teams do you get it now yeah i get it now because you i don't think you do
no no no i got it i'm embarrassed well. I'm embarrassed that I wasted everybody's time.
I think Detroit was down around the 10th spot.
People are going to kill me that I'm still bringing the
who was the 16th though?
Just so we can have a little peace.
It's a different question.
It's a different question.
I don't even know if he's messing with me.
Detroit, man.
Detroit.
The Red Wigs.
No, no, no.
Wait.
He's saying who is the team that's not in the original six that is in the list that puts Detroit outside of the top six.
Holy fuck, boys.
There's six teams that made the NHL.
When the NHL was created, there was six teams. There's six teams that made the NHL.
When the NHL was created, there was six teams, the original six.
Five of the six teams are the top five worth teams in the league.
Yeah, I know.
So what are you saying?
I'm saying who's the sixth team?
Who's the sixth team after the five? I don't fucking know.
I was going to guessburgh or philly but
folks chicklets podcast where we waste your time and you do the research that was
like i'm gonna smash my head off the steering wheel listening to these four idiots the fact
that i put in time well there's three other guys and they're just dumb hey if you're saying four
you're one of us because there's even even because i can't even word it i'm like top five worth teams i can't even figure
out the sentence we're all mush brains no doubt we are there's no i'm gonna you know who's a mush
brain people who think we should still be going to the olymp I say no more Olympics. Keep the players over here and rested.
Worry about this NHL season.
Too many moving parts.
We don't want anything going on to where we have to shut down games
and do bubbles for the NHL.
I say we pull out.
It seems like there's a bit of a drumbeat for that.
I think that as the guy on this podcast
who's represented my country in the Olympics,
I loved it.
I didn't get to play much,
but the entire experience was just out of this world,
something I'll never forget.
But it being in Vancouver was a huge part of that.
No shit.
And when you look now at what these guys are dealing with
and the absolute disgrace of what you'd have to do
and be a part of if you test positive over there
with an up to five-week stay in China,
you now are seeing guys become very wary
of actually going over and doing this.
And to me, it does not make much sense.
I actually saw something like,
why couldn't they just hold their own Olympics in North America?
It's too late now, but it would have been pretty sick
if they were like, hey, forget China.
We'll broadcast it.
I don't know who would have paid for this.
It's very, very confusing.
And I guess there's a million holes in this if you want to really dive deep into it.
But the fact that it's in China, it's going to be on at 2 in the morning,
and now you're dealing with COVID and all this other stuff.
I'm with you, Biz.
Just save the guys.
Save their health.
It just sucks guys won't get to go to Hawaii for two weeks.
And from a consumer experience, like, listen, I know that
the hardcore hockey fans will be getting up at two in the morning to watch games, but it just
doesn't have that same luster where most people are consuming it the next day. It's not live or
just kind of getting the update on their phone. Now the casual fan from North America, where you're
really trying to grow the game, especially in the United States with this ESPN and television push, right?
So why wouldn't you try to focus on growing it where you're already set up
and have the resources and where you can actually make an impact
in a short amount of time, whereas the next time around,
like do we know where the Olympics, the next one, winner one would be?
Have they announced that yet?
Yeah, it's somewhere in Oxford as well.
It's Italy, I think.
Well, okay.
Italy's a lot different experience
and especially with what's going on in the world.
And so, Robin Leonard,
did we mention this last podcast
about him saying that he was not going,
given all the rules in place?
I think we might have bumped it to this week.
Yeah, he's the only opt-out so far.
Guys, let me give you a fucking scenario here, okay?
Sorry, R.A.
Sorry for interrupting you.
I got a little heated there.
What were you going to say?
No, go ahead.
I'll get to it.
I'm saying let me give you a scenario, okay?
Let's say for whatever reason there's a little bit of an outbreak,
and all of a sudden you have all the NHL stars that are being forced to stay
in a fucking room for fucking 30 days over there okay let's say it's even let's say it's
20 guys okay it just now all of a sudden like if it's impacting a couple different teams all of a
sudden it's bumping back the nhl season and things get fucked up over here where i just think there's
too much margin for error risk reward is just not there just for this spin do i selfishly want to see the olympics
of course i now i still believe that the the women should go over there and if anything
it puts it puts that more on a pedestal because there's no there's no men men's side of it so it's kind
of like a win-win the girls get to get kind of like that national spotlight for the hockey side
of it where the players aren't you know susceptible to this whole risk and all these moving pieces
i don't know i i hate to be debbie downer here but i think that the getting the nhl given with
what happened with covid back on track is the right play.
And especially at the fact that players are probably not happy about the fact that they still owe the owners a billion dollars.
And that the cap is going to only steadily go up for the next three, four years.
You got to think about what the smart move here is worrying about the NHL right now.
Yeah, I agree.
In my opinion.
So I know I got a little bit long-winded there, R.A.
I don't know if you agree with me or not.
No, I'm starting to think about it as well,
and especially this is another valid point.
Bill Daly said,
players who miss time due to COVID related to the Olympics
will not be paid under their standard player contracts.
That's a huge factor as well.
The IIHF is going to provide a five million dollar pool for
any lost salary for players who participate in qualifiers or the games but after that dries up
players salary if i'm able to play guys and then that five million's gone it's like
yeah it's yeah so that's another fact i mean i think guys i'm telling you guys more guys opt out
there's he'll he'll of course if what he said was is he said the players wish was they could
go to the olympics i didn't want to take that away from him now what he's doing is he's setting up
important rules for him to protect the business of the nhl and and you know i'm sure with that
the the rule of being stuck over there for the months month is going to change a lot of guys
opinions on it now if they get something and have to stay over there in the forfeit of salary there's another thing and then now all of a sudden
you're putting your home club at risk and i don't blame them for protecting the nhl's assets in this
situation and yeah i don't know i think i've said my piece who would go then like who would
well i mean represent america you might still have every canadian show up where he might make it
Who would represent America?
You might still have every Canadian show up.
They might make it.
What?
You said I might make it? Yeah, you could make it.
Sean Avery?
No, remember last time they sent some college kids,
some guys who played in Europe.
They'd be able to.
I don't think hockey would be canceled out of the Olympics.
I know that.
So it would just be a group of guys that are playing in Europe
or maybe in college yeah I mean it's it it would be very difficult to put that team together that quickly
because I don't think there was anticipation for it like these things take time like I saw like
during the COVID situation and donor was helping out with the world, the world championship team,
Canada,
and given all the rules and regulations and what a guy guys had gone through in
the bubble,
they had a heck of a time finding guys.
That's what made it even crazier that they ended up winning it.
Cause there was plenty of better players who were saying,
fuck that.
I just lived in a bubble.
I'm not going overseas to play in the world championship where really the, one of the biggest upsides is where we get to go out and booze every night.
It turns into a shit show.
They can't do that.
They're confined to their rooms.
But yeah, I think you guys get the point.
No, we certainly do.
Biz, I don't take my broken phone screen to a mechanic for the same reason
I don't trust my hair in the hands of grandma's stylist. want someone who specializes in me and the experts at sport clips are trained
specifically for guys here it does come in if i let it go for a little while long curly short thin
and thick chubby face skinny whatever your look they know how to cut and shape your hair to fit
you best afterwards you might even get a pinch in the cheek from Grandma.
Sport Clips, the pros and mens here.
I got one of these right down the street from me.
I checked it out the other day.
These places are pretty snazzy.
They got TVs and stuff, so you sit in there waiting,
check out the game and stuff.
So if you got one in your neighborhood, by all means, check them out.
All right, boys, the Stadium Series jerseys, they dropped a week or so ago.
Everybody seemed to like the Tampa Bay ones.
I don't think anybody liked the Smashville ones
with the word Smashville written across.
What would you all take?
I mean, it's the worst one, but I mean,
for a one-off for a stadium series game,
maybe their thought was is we want to put this big,
obnoxious lettering on the front
because the fans are a little bit farther away.
So maybe you're going to be able to make it out with the glare on it potentially.
So I'm going to hold my judgment until I see them on the ice.
But overall, A-plus for really standing out
and really making the worst jersey I've ever seen.
And now I'm talking about it.
I thought the Bolts one were very cool.
I think that those were a hit.
Yeah, they were pretty cool looking.
Hey, which team do you think could use
like a uniform slash logo reboot in the league?
I think Anaheim Ducks need to go back to their old stuff.
Fuck off with this bullshit.
Oh, no, I took it off.
Never mind.
No offense, Seagrass.
Yeah, it's just boring to me, Anaheim's unis.
Yeah, the color scheme.
Just like I said, the Ducks.
It's a lame name for a hockey team.
I mean, Ducks are kind of soft birds.
You know what I mean?
If you're going to be a bird, be a tough bird, not a fucking duck.
What's a good tough bird?
A hawk, an eagle, a vulture, a condor.
I don't know.
Condor?
No shit.
That's a good one.
Pelicans are badass birds, too, even though people don't think so go google pellet and each pigeon thing just walks
up and just fucking scoops up a pigeon swallows it down real quick pelicans are fucking badasses
gee that would be a great question for our social channel who the flamingo fans think
think would be uh the the team in most need of a rebrand um i think a lot of canadians would
probably say vancouver and going back to maybe the uh the the old canucks with the the yellow and red
and black i love those a lot more than maybe i do that the the newer whale but i thought that the
whale the the ones that they have now had a pretty good run yeah the whale had a good run when they went to the whale i loved it like in van now i i personally i i could kind of i could get down
with columbus rebranding just i don't know like their unis have never really done a ton for me
um maybe it's the color scheme but but yeah did you like the blue ones with the cannon on it
the light blue those are okay they have a cannon on it? The light blue with the cannon? Those are okay.
Wait, do they have a light blue one?
I think the ones that they made were like a, I don't know if it was like a one-time third jersey type thing,
but they had these light blue ones that had a cannon and a circular logo.
It was clean.
What do you think of those Dallas unis that are like fluorescent?
I think those are very cool.
So do I.
Every time they're on TV, I'm like, holy.
It's so noticeably crazy.
I've never seen a jersey like that.
I don't know what I said originally about it.
I'm now down with those jerseys.
Yeah, that's a riff off that building on the skyline, right?
That neon green building in the Dallas skyline.
I think that's where they basically got the idea from.
Jerry Jones is an asshole.
I was going to say, I love the Kraken jersey.
I think the Kraken have some of the best jerseys in the NHL.
Yeah, they nailed it, no doubt about it.
Biz, we were obviously talking about your Pittsburgh jersey.
I compared you to Snoop Dogg.
Did you catch him calling the Kings game the other night
or portions of it?
I saw all the clips, man.
I love that.
That should be an annual thing,
and I think it's going to continue to be because he is such a silly bastard on that fucking broadcast, man. other night or portions i saw all the clips man i love that that should be an annual thing and i
think it's going to continue to be because he is such a silly bastard on that fucking broadcast man
the stuff he is it's like he could he could say anything and it's just like it's laugh out loud
funny see that's where the nhl should just blatantly copy the nfl here you don't have they
have the manning brothers do the games on another channel like why not just have like you know snoop
and whoever else or anyone just get fucking baked and fucking commentating the game?
People watch that probably more than the other guys in the NFL.
I mean, I don't watch the Mannings, but they've been wildly popular so far this season.
I think that's something that the NHL should offer.
That would be fun, and you could maybe switch it up more often.
I mean, yeah, that would be very cool.
I do like listening to the game and um in the more
natural sense because i like to hear what the play-by-play guys have to say because i learned
some things about the game when they're talking too like you know if louis de brusque is doing a
an oilers game man like there's some things that i'll pick up so um but yeah like like flipping
over to that manning cast it's fun for a little bit, but then I always like to go back.
So having the option would definitely be nice.
I think it's fucking awesome that those guys are making like 10 sheets a year for doing one game a week.
What?
Are they?
Oh, yeah.
They make it 10 million each doing that?
I think Peyton's making 8 million, 8, 9 million.
And all you're doing is basically interviewing some of your buddies
and very famous.
They have on super famous people every time.
Yeah, they get like Pat McAfee will hop on.
They'll get like one of the
Phil Mickelson was on.
Yeah, Phil Mickelson.
Tom Brady, I think, went on there.
They had like a couple like really loaded ones.
But even just getting like two Hall of Famers.
Is Eli a Hall of Famer?
No. ones but even just getting like two two hall of famers is elijah a hall of famer no god if he ends up in the hall of fame that'd be crazy to me that that's a a great question just by dint of
the two super bowls i mean that was he a super bowl mvp at all uh did he might have won super
bowl mvp in one of those two but speaking of football, the Bills were down like 24 points.
They're driving right now to tie the game.
They're down three.
So I might have mushed the Bills back into playoff contention.
All right.
Well, I think we've talked enough about jerseys,
unless you guys want to keep going.
No, I'm done there.
I knew you had something about sports memorabilia biz,
Tiger Woods putter.
Is it for sale?
Did he sell it?
I didn't get the details.
No.
Some people might argue with me.
I think the most expensive piece of sports memorabilia
is probably like, what, 5 million?
I think that Tiger Woods putter,
this is what was claimed to be the most
expensive piece and he still owns it because he still has it um has he won 16 majors or 15 he's
won 15 so he he has won 14 of his 15 majors with a scotty cameron putter the exact same one that
has like a like a almost like a discoloration in the metal of where he makes
contact on the putter and it comes with a ping grip because he said nothing can emulate the
rubber the feeling of the rubber on one of those ping ping grips is that you agree with that yeah
i think he probably maybe had a ping growing up so like so never didn't want to have that exact grip on his putter.
But you could say, I would say that he's the greatest golfer of all time.
He doesn't have the most majors, but I think people could say what he'd done overall,
he's on the Mount Rushmore of athletes.
Yeah.
So the fact that he got the job done most with his majors, with his putter,
and the fact that he won 14 of them with with the same one i would say that that easily has to be the the highest valued piece of sports
memorabilia and i think that he could probably sell for 50 million dollars i might put the word
um i can't think of the word what is the word when it's like invaluable what is the word when it's invaluable? What is the word? Priceless. Priceless.
Priceless.
I think it might be priceless.
Tiger Woods' putter.
He actually went to a Nike putter at one point,
and then he's like, I don't think so.
I just can't imagine what you'd even put that on the market for.
For it to pass, for it to be the most expensive piece of sports memorabilia of all
time it would have to uh sell for more than 8.8 million which was the original olympic games
manifesto and then number two is honus wagner's 1909 baseball card that sold for 6.69 okay so
6.606 million i wasn't far off 8.8.8? I think that that's easily worth 50 million.
Tiger's putter would go for way more than 8.8.
Yes.
I think...
He sold his backup, I want to say, that was the exact same everything.
Like, same grip, same...
All the exact same specs.
And that probably got a ton of money.
So his actual gamer, i can't imagine what that
would go for here's a trivia question what was the other putter he won the the one with let's
not get confused here or maybe it was early on before he got his scotty maybe his first one his
masters i don't i actually don't know the answer to that and folks i think his name was just popping
up a lot recently because i think he's back to playing professional golf.
He played in his first tournament,
and it's good to see that him and his son,
his son seems like he's going to be the next great one.
Is he really, really, really good for his age, Witt?
I do not know enough.
I mean, he's got a beautiful swing,
but golf is just like,
talk about talk about
a tough road for this kid possibly i'm gonna try to become a professional golfer who's your dad
tiger woods like it's it's not gonna be easy and and for him to be that age to say he's one of the
top golfers i don't even think you'd know because of how global the game is it's like 14 15 years
old yeah you're starting to get playing.
I mean, if he was playing in the U.S. Junior AM
and all these legitimate star-studded amateur events,
then yeah, he's probably on the path.
I don't know if that's the case, though.
But it'll still be cool to watch him and his son
play in that tournament this weekend, the father-son.
Which I believe you have to have won a major to play in,
so it's kind of cool.
Speaking of memorabilia, Bill Russell, his shirt from Game 7,
I believe the 1969 finals, just got over a million dollars,
an old shirt of his, so just throwing that out there.
But be careful.
If you buy memorabilia out there, people, especially autographed things,
there's so many con artists in that business, so always beware.
Especially there's tons of fake autographs.
I wouldn't buy an autograph unless they started signing in front of me,
but there's a lot of scumbags in that biz, so be careful if you're buying that.
I'd much rather have an old jersey and a frame than have a fucking baseball card,
like that Hornus Wagner, 6 million for a fucking piece of plastic.
Yeah.
Fuck that.
All right, boys.
I don't know if we got much else here.
We do want to congratulate our buddy, Bob McKenzie.
He just dropped his Bobby Margarita up in Canada.
Good stuff.
Obviously, his persona in the summertime when he's up in his cabin,
he's always drinking the margaritas, but he made a funny video.
He chucked the blender away, and it's a non-combinated margarita
right out of the can.
It's his personal recipe.
So congrats to Bobby, man. I can't wait until we get him down here and actually i'm in canada right now they don't have him around here yet but i can't wait to try these out i'm a big margarita
guy buddy i'm heading to canada i'm hoping to get my hands on a couple i don't think they're in
ontario yet he was yeah he was saying um yeah they're out west right now. Oh, LCBO is tough. We know that, guys. Did you see him chuck his blender?
Great little ad for the drop of the Barbie Margarita.
I'm happy for him.
I think his kid Sean's helping out, too.
So that's great.
A little family business.
Fucking right, it's Barbie Margarita.
Good call, bitch.
Kick back, relax, man.
Make that Skrilla dog.
All right, boys, it's been a long one.
Any final thoughts you want to add before we uh wrap up
here or what it's over chicklets cup registration tuesday 6 p.m eastern time it's first come first
serve we're not it's not we're not picking videos this year you got to be first and you got to pay
up front that's the big thing keep this in mind your dollars you might run into my fucking team
and we're not taking any prisoners we're're going to beat the fucking wheels off you.
I'll see you at Chicklets Cup.
Even if you don't get in, show up.
We're going to have a blast.
We're going to have a couple parties planned.
We're going to interact with the fans.
And you're going to see me beat the fucking wheels off a few of these pigeons
who think they can beat my squad.
I can't wait to see this.
I would crush you.
Vegas. I would crush you. We're going to win some money this. I would crush you. Vegas.
I would crush you. We're going to win some money, too.
I would crush you.
All right.
Guys, great catching up with you.
Folks, thanks for listening.
Fun week of hockey ahead of us.
I think that Olympic news, January 10th, I believe, is the date that they can pull out
without a fine or a monetary...
A lot of pulling out this episode.
Yeah, exactly.
So we'll see.
But as always, we love you guys.
Thanks for listening.
And if you're interested in the values
of the top five teams in the NHL,
don't listen to this discussion.
Now it's time to say goodbye.
All right, peace.
Thanks for listening.
We love you.
Not fucking shabby, eh, boys?
Songbird of your generation.
As always, we like to thank our terrific sponsors here on Spit and Chicklet.
So big thanks to our longtime friends over at Pink Whitney.
Huge thanks to everybody over at BetterHelp.
By all means, check them out if you need some help.
Big thanks to everybody over at Earnest.
If you want to refi those student loans, check them out.
Huge thanks to our friends at No Days Wasted.
Check them out if you're having a few pups.
Big thanks to our friends over at Roman.
Guys, check it out. Don't be shy.
Big thanks to everybody at Simply Safe as well for keeping us safe.
And a huge thanks to everyone over at Sport Clips.
Fellas, if you need a haircut, by all means, check them out.
Great spot to catch the game while you're waiting, too.
Have a great week, everyone.
