Hey, Spittin' Chicklets listeners, you can find every episode on Apple Podcasts, Spotify, or YouTube.
Prime members can listen ad-free on Amazon Music.
Night after night, you're in bed with your partner, whether you're a gal or you're a guy next to you.
Everyone's rolling on one side or the other. You're trying to get comfortable.
It's always an issue. Two people, one bed, and someone's always uncomfortable.
But until now, we're going to introduce Helix Sleep.
We buy a mattress online that's customized for the both of you for hundreds of dollars instead
of thousands of dollars. Go to helixsleep.com, answer a few simple questions based on key
preferences, four of them total, and the result will be a custom sleep profile used to build the
most comfortable mattress for the both of you. Your mattress will arrive at your door in about a week, and shipping is completely free.
For the couples out there who can't seem to agree on what kind of mattress you do want,
Helix customizes each side of the mattress personalized to suit each of your bodies in
the way you both like to sleep.
Helix customers report a 30 improvement in overall sleep quality. A guy like me, as I get older, 30 improvement in overall sleep quality and if a
guy like me as i get older have a harder time falling asleep and getting my quality six to
eight hours uh you need a great mattress you have a hundred nights to try it out and if you don't
love it they'll pick it up for free and give you a free i'm sorry i'll give you a full refund again
they'll pick it up for free give you a a full refund, no questions asked after a 100-night tryout.
That's why everyone from GQ Magazine to Forbes are all talking about Helix Sleep.
So go to helixsleep.com slash chicklets to get 50 off your order.
Again, that's helixsleep.com slash chicklets to get 50 off your order, that's helixsleep.com slash chicklets, H-E-L-I-X-S-L-E-E-P.com slash chicklets.
And chicklets is C-H-I-C-L-E-T-S.
Get yourself a good night's sleep. Hello everybody, welcome to episode 37 of Spittin' Chicklets, brought to you by Bastille Sports.
This is Ryan Whitney.
Hello gentlemen.
This is Mike Grinelli, and we've got a very special guest this week from Chelmsford, Mass., and the Buffalo Sabres.
And Boston University.
And Boston University. And Boston University.
We've got Jack Eichel.
Jack, welcome to Spitting Chicklets.
Yeah, it's nice to be on the show.
We appreciate it so much, you coming on, dude.
It's probably, I think we'd agree, our biggest guest so far,
the face of USA Hockey, the new stud.
Oh, without a doubt.
So, you know, you're living around here all summer.
What is the plan?
How often are you skating right now, or is it just off ice shit?
Right now, I skated a few times
last week and that was kind of the first times i've skated this summer but uh i think i'm gonna
start slowly getting into the skating you know a couple times a week and uh just working out
is that foxborough league pretty legit you're playing that i haven't played in it yet um just
because i haven't been skating but uh it usually gets good at the end of the summer so i'll usually
start like august it gets more uh fast pace and for people who don't know it's just a local league
um where i would say there's probably 20 nhl guys really good college players so i remember that the
crowd when hannifin and eichel played against each other they're like selling out foxborough
fucking rink i'm like this is banana land i think that they might be charging this year i'm not sure
i haven't played yet they should well what we were I think that they might be charging this year. I'm not sure. I haven't played yet. They should.
Well, what we were saying was that they should charge for all the people that come in,
and then at the end of the summer, we'll just donate all the money that we make from it to a charity.
Yeah, that's a great idea.
Exactly.
But I don't know what they're doing.
I know Knicks fans felt pretty good when they got up this morning.
Or Kevin Hayes will take the money.
Huh?
Or Kevin Hayes will take the money at the end.
Knicks fans are pretty psyched they got up this morning to find out that Phil Jackson is getting canned.
But I'm guessing you're probably in a good mood this morning, too.
Rumors that Connor McDavid is going to be signing for eight years at 13.25 mil to 106 million total.
We know you aren't going into your last year of your deal.
Can we just say congratulations?
You're going to be really rich.
You're going to be really rich, man.
I'm really happy for you. I guess, yeah, it's a preemptive congratulations. deal um can we just say congratulations you're gonna be really rich you're really rich man i'm
really happy i guess i guess yeah it's a pre-event congratulations but now you're just gonna play
this year out are you guys gonna do any uh renegotiating beforehand or uh i mean i think
that that's probably tough to call right now uh obviously i think my agent wants to you know start
negotiations with buffalo you know it's a great organization i think we're heading in the right
direction so uh the negotiations should start and and uh you know when whatever happens with that Negotiations with Buffalo, it's a great organization. I think we're heading in the right direction.
The negotiations should start.
Whatever happens with that, it happens. I think that's up to the GM, my agent.
I just got to go out and play.
Right.
Last year, after the coach and GM were let go,
there were a lot of memes that showed up on the internet
calling you the most powerful guy in Buffalo.
You're like the godfather.
The godfather of Buffalo.
It's all bullshit, everyone.
Take that with a grain of salt.
Just have some laughs.
Yeah, yeah.
I mean, it was tough to handle for a few days just because.
It's annoying.
Yeah, it is.
You know, more than anything, you just want everyone to know what really happened.
And, you know, I'm, you know, way do you know me?
I'm probably the last guy that would go in.
It's just tough when I think the people who knew you read it they're like yeah such a like this is amazing what media can do and what
rumors can do yeah because you don't know somebody and you think all right well this guy's somebody
that's going to be this prima donna and he's not at all um i know him but it's just amazing to see
how that circled and i'm just like fucking poor kid yeah that was that was the worst part just uh
seeing you know one person write it,
and then all of a sudden it catches on like wildfire,
and everyone's talking about it.
Anything you feel like you need to clear the air about,
or you're just kind of like, all right, whatever people are going to say it,
I'm not going to get too bothered with it.
Yeah, I mean, at this point, I'm kind of over it.
It's in the past.
We obviously have a new GM and a new coach.
That's going to be exciting, though.
It is, yeah. We get Phil Housley, who's a Hall of Famer. coach. That's going to be exciting, though. It is, yeah.
We get Phil Housley, who's a Hall of Famer.
I think it's going to be awesome.
I think it's great.
Look what he did with Nashville.
I heard nothing but great things about him.
Jason Botterill is a guy who a lot of people credit for the Stanley Cup wins
the Pens have had in the last few years in developing all these young guys.
Obviously, you have people like Crosby and Malkin.
Botterill's a great guy. He was with Pittsburgh guy yeah when i was there yeah he played assistant yeah he was a great player at michigan and he had concussion problems he had to retire he would have played
a long time but i think he's gonna be awesome and he's one of those guys that kind of instead of
maybe being the being able to be a gm earlier he waited he was an assistant gm forever he figured
out how to do it so i think think it's perfect for you guys.
Yeah, just talking with him, he seems like
a great guy.
And he told me I made a really nice sauce pass
once, and it was like the best compliment I ever got.
Just gotta throw that in there.
Hey, how's the ankle doing?
We know you had some upper ankle sprain
last year, which is a suck injury,
but how's it going now? It's good.
Actually, I skated for the first time with it untapped last week, and it feels pretty injury, but how's it going now? It's good. Actually, I skated for the first time
with it untapped last week and it feels
pretty good, so I'm happy.
It's a tough injury. It comes back
here and there. But when it's just like,
when you just keep fucking doing it,
it's a little, what do they call it, twinge or something?
Yeah, tweak. Tweak, and it would just,
and it's like, oh my god, it just happened again.
I saw a couple times you came back, that happened.
Yeah, I mean, just you come back and you got it all taped up and it can happen the smallest bit during the game and it's like, oh, my God, it just happened again. I saw a couple times you came back, that happened. Yeah, I mean, just you come back and you got it all taped up.
And, you know, it can happen, the smallest bit during the game.
And it's not fun.
It takes a full year, I'd say.
Like, it's funny.
Like, finally now you're going to start feeling 100.
I went through the same thing.
Yeah, that's what everyone says.
But, you know, it's over now.
So, all right.
So we want to get to a little earlier part of your life.
And Grinelli, I think you can attest that you're a little bit of a local legend.
A lot of guys aren't usually the best player when they're 8 years old and then still the best player at 15 and then 22.
What are you, 20?
20, yeah.
Oh, my gosh.
You can't even give him a beer right now.
Yeah, we were drinking last episode.
So your whole life, you've been the best player,
but did you always work at it?
Did you love hockey growing up?
Were you somewhat obsessed with the game,
or were you just really good at it?
No, I was definitely obsessed with it.
Yeah, I was obsessed with it.
Did you have favorite players?
Did you watch a ton of NHL?
Yeah, I watched it every night, man.
No shit.
Yeah, me and my dad, we were NHL? Yeah, I watched it every night, man. I was crazy. No shit. Me and my dad,
we were NHL package,
two, three games a night, watching it every
night. If I could tell a story real
quick, when me and
Jack played in the same organization
growing up. No, he was the water boy.
I was essentially the water boy, but this guy's playing
years up, and we're at
a skills practice one time, and I
look at this nine or ten year old kid. I'm 14, 15 years old. I'm're at a skills practice one time. And I look at this 9 or 10-year-old kid.
I'm 14, 15 years old.
I'm like, how old are you?
And the kid's like, 9.
I'm like, dude, you are the best kid on the ice right now.
Without a doubt, the best kid on the ice.
He skated with us at a bunch of pros when you were 13 years old.
And I remember Keith Yandles there, Keith the Coin, local legend, Chelmsford guy.
A bunch of pros.
And everyone's like What the fuck
This kid's 13 years old
So I didn't know
Like was it hard for you
Like I mean
I'm assuming
It was never hard
But you must have had
You know
When you're 12 years old
All the shit
Talk to you about
Crazy parents
Did you deal with that
I mean you deal with it
It's just like youth hockey
You know
There's always crazy parents
On your team
And it's nuts
Everybody thinks that
Chelmsford youth
Must have some lunatics You know I actually never played Youth parents on your team, and it's nuts. Everybody thinks that. Chumster youth must have some limit attacks.
You know, I actually never played youth hockey.
I never played for Chumster.
I never put a Chumster jersey on in my life.
Wow.
That's nuts.
Why?
You bought the Junior Bruins.
I played for the Junior Bruins when I was older, and I played for them in the summer.
So I was with the Junior Bruins forever.
But, like, I played for the Huskies for a while.
That's me. That's me.
That's my claim to fame.
They just bump fest.
They just bump fest.
So this question all leads up to now being one of the best younger players in the league,
you're just as hungry as you were before.
Is that easy to do, or is it really hard to not really get complacent where you're at?
It doesn't seem that way. Like, is it really hard to not really kind of get complacent where you're at? I think it's easier to stay hungry, you know,
just because you really haven't done anything yet.
And, you know, people like to give you credit for stuff.
And, you know, realistically, what have I done?
I've played two years and not really accomplished much.
So I think there's a lot more that you want to do.
And I think that's what keeps you hungry.
When you were growing up watching the game with your dad,
like you said, what players did you idolize growing up?
I don't want to hear this.
This is going to make me feel old.
I'm already old, so.
No, I remember watching you with the Pens.
You're like, oh, that's Whitney.
He played at BU.
I remember watching Whit with the Pens.
For me growing up, you know,
Crosby had just broken the league when i was 10
years old so he was like kind of my number one idol basically yeah i liked pavel bury a lot he's
a little bit older yeah uh he was just unbelievable like so exciting yeah he was amazing so i loved
burry he was he's probably my favorite player of all time and you know i started growing up watching crosby and and uh when jumbo joe was in boston
yeah good trade so what were you a bees fan bruins fan growing up yeah yeah yeah i love the bruins
growing up yeah that goes out the window right when they buffalo call yeah right when yeah right
when you start playing them four or five times a year they're uh they're no longer a team that
you like you hate them yeah i mean it's easy to hate them now. You're like, fuck the Bruins.
I mean, Buffalo, I know there hasn't been much of a rivalry the last few years.
But back in the 80s, man, like, I mean, Buffalo, Boston.
Brad May, dude.
Yeah.
Yeah.
That was 93.
That sweep, I remember my father fucking throwing something at the
I actually  the door would shut and my mom wouldn't let him go watch with him.
And he was screaming during that sweep.
That was when they were, like, really hated each other.
Yeah.
Well, that was basically  that was when the Sabres kind of put a final nail on the Bruins' cloth.
And after that, the Bruins kind of hit rock bottom.
They went to the shitty Bear jersey.
That was basically it.
Oh, God.
Yeah.
The Bear looks like it's taking a shit.
So I know you wear number 15.
Is that in tribute to a particular player or just a number you always liked?
You know, when I got drafted, I wore 9 at BU. Like, 9 was my number. I like 9 on you know when i got drafted uh i had always wore i wore nine at bu
like nine was my number and like yeah it was uh it was taken in buffalo so uh i didn't really know
what to go with and and my sister's lucky number is 15 my dad always wore 15 um so i kind of wore
it for them and it just so happened that it was the year i was drafted so uh they kind of made me
pick my number pretty quickly.
I just went with that.
It's not a bad number. It's a good number.
It's low.
A lot of people have worn it. I would have liked to have nine. Is it retired in Buffalo?
No. Nine's Kaner had it.
If Kaner were to leave,
would you take it?
My dad's always...
Nine was always the best kid.
Yeah.
My dad loves nine.
It'd be tough to change numbers, but I don't know.
You'd have to give Evander a lot of Vegas telephones to probably get that.
Buffalo fans with 15 jerseys are like, no, no, what am I going to do?
So, all right.
So that leads us up to you.
You end up going to the national program.
Was it still in Ann Arbor?
Yeah, it's in Ann Arbor, yeah.
Okay.
So now it's in Plymouth. Plymouth moved it yeah so you were in ann arbor yeah pioneer
high school or here pioneer high school two years or one no two years two years degree from pioneer
high school actually degree purple one degree from missouri online high school oh really you
didn't even walk i didn't walk at pioneer and uh i took yeah exactly pie high i took took online classes so i
did high school in three years so i go to b or year early and uh it just so happened that the
last credit that i got was from missouri high school you went to college a year early yeah so
most guys take that like two two pg junior years and he's like let me go in three years to high
school i uh no i was just it worked out because I'm a late birth date.
You didn't want to play another year.
I didn't want to do another year in the USHL.
I just wanted to kind of move on and play there my draft year.
So during that time, I mean, that's maybe not your first instance of international play,
but some of it when you're going to the Worlds and the tournament in under-17s at Christmas.
Was that when you were like, all right, I feel like if I can't compete,
I'm better than everyone if I can't compete with anyone.
Like, I'm going to play in the NHL.
Was that when it really kind of hit you or not even yet?
No, I think it started to click at the under-17 world championships
or whatever it is, the world challenge.
Yeah, right around Christmas time.
Yeah, right around Christmas time.
We were in Canada.
I ended up only playing three games.
I got a concussion.
I tried to play.
I couldn't play at all.
It just shows how bad you want to play when you're with Team USA.
Yeah, I got smoked, like real dirty.
I wasn't looking.
But, yeah, we were doing really well.
We were rolling for the tournament.
We had played Team Ontario, and we got a shootout win, 5-4.
That was like, I could name some guys in it, like McDavid, Ekblad.
That must have been a sick game.
Any other NHLers with you?
Posang, Larks.
Larks was on my team, Larkin, yeah.
They had like six or seven first-rounders on the team.
They were loaded, and it was a great game.
We ended up beating them in a shootout uh and we were rolling through the tournament and i ended up
getting hurt the next or the game after that and um we ended up getting the bronze medal but uh at
that point it was kind of like you know the world's best at that age and you know most guys are a year
away from their draft year and and uh i had been playing well and i you know that's when i kind of
realized you know maybe you play in the hl huh now you obviously mcdavid went one you went two you guys are
probably going to be linked you know for the rest of your careers i i guess in some regard
now now matthews is with him too i feel like it's those three i didn't mean to interrupt you i'm
sorry buddy that's right and um now is obviously you know he's you don't get to see mcdavid too
much head to head but is that someone that you kind of use as a benchmark because
you were in the same draft year, similar skill sets
you know there was a lot of talk who was going to go
one through for a while or do you just kind of
do your own thing and don't pay any attention
to that? Well I mean I think with the world
we live in now and media and how everyone
makes comparisons this and that
it's kind of hard to stay away from it but
for me I try and kind of focus on myself
two different conferences myself two different
conferences two different situations uh but you know he's the best player in the world right now
obviously uh you know maybe with the exception of Crosby I just won the heart won the scoring race
the Ted Lindsey uh so he's somebody that I want to be better than and and uh he's somebody that I
you know I look up to try and be better than and and uh I work every day it's a healthy competition
yeah exactly it's healthy competition you know, exactly. It's a healthy competition.
I know him a little bit just from the whole process
of going through the draft,
played with him at the World Cup.
He's a good kid.
I don't think I play him enough to be considered rivals.
Do you watch hockey during the season?
Are you a guy that's watching when you're not playing?
My first year was just so hectic.
I was just like, I'm not watching hockey.
You know what I mean?
When I'm done with it, I'm not doing it.
Last year, I watched it.
I watched it a lot more last year, and I think it's good.
On off nights, it's like you see what's going on around the league, I always thought.
I actually like watching, and I like pick guys at night and just try and watch them,
whoever may be hot at that point.
And there's certain guys that I think I like to try and watch more than others,
and if they're on, I'll definitely watch them. who was the most uh I'm gonna guess Crosby
I mean that's I feel like this is every person's answer who was the most person you most excited
you were to play against when you got in the NHL like first time you see him yeah so I actually I
played Crosby on my uh my 19th birthday yeah did you it's was my first game against him, yeah. And I think he had three assists in the first period.
Everyone has those stories.
They're like, I only had four goals.
You know he probably knows this kid's been dying to play against me.
I'm getting fired up.
He came out against us,
and Pitt was struggling at the beginning of the year last year.
And we came out,
and I just remember him skating around the offensive zone
with the puck, and he was doing those mohawk turns and stuff.
And I was sitting on the bench, and I remember sitting next to Reinhardt
like  and he was just skating around all the guys in our zone.
I remember him just taking a wrist off the goalie's helmet,
and it just bounced right down to Kunitz for a tap-in in front.
And then he did it the second shift, too.
He came flying through the neutral zone.
These are the first two shifts?
These are, like, the first two shifts that he had in the game.
He had two assists.
Comes flying through the neutral zone, like, catches a pass behind him,
comes in, backhand pass, tap-in to somebody, and I was just like...
You're like, what?
That's the saying.
What the fuck is going on with this guy?
He's not human.
I had a moment like that last year when we were playing them in Buffalo,
and he scored one-handed.
Remember that goal?
Oh, that was in Buffalo.
That was against us, and I was on the bench,
and I remember hitting the person next to me.
Did he just do that?
Did he just do that?
If you could have seen the face he made to us
when he described the first assist, it's just like, holy shit.
Jack, USA Hockey, Whit introduced you as the face of USA Hockey here. us when he described the first assist it's just like holy shit jack uh usa hockey uh wit introduced
you as you know the face of usa hockey here they're not going the olympics supposedly yeah in
south korea how do you feel about that because you know this is kind of your your time to shine
guys it sucks yeah it's it's definitely tough uh you know not really sure what the uh not really
sure if that's finalized. And for
sure, obviously right now we're not going. It's tough. You know, I, you know, you don't know if
you're going to, you know, get an opportunity, you know, you grow up watching the Olympics,
you love it. You know, somebody who's played for USA hockey, you look forward to that. And then
to obviously not be able to do it's frustrating. And, you know, I think USA hockey is heading in
a great spot right now with so many good players. And and and you look at some of the older guys and and uh you know some of the younger guys
coming in and it's uh you know it's it's an exciting time for for our country's hockey and
and uh just not to be able to go to the Olympics just the whole experience at the Olympics
is something you kind of want to be able to go through you guys said you'd have a pretty good
team too yeah I mean there mean, they're stacked.
Just a little bit.
Just in time for USA Hockey to get going.
I think it's been good with Canada.
There's been great games to watch with Canada, but Canada still has just gotten it done year
after year.
It's the same with the World Cup.
That's just what annoyed me this year with the World Cup.
I think it looked like you guys had fun, but it would have been cool for you to play for
USA.
Were you upset when you were told you had to be with the Young Guns?
It was tough because that Young Gun concept was awesome.
It was so cool.
Playing with those guys, it was the easiest hockey I've ever played
just because everyone that you're playing with is unreal.
There's no such thing as the center coming down low in the d zone it was just the d breakout
self-wheel breakout and snap on like 30 feet to somebody the two-on-one rush and it was and it was
yeah well i mean and our coach had said you know we're gonna have structure we want to play and
we played and it was just up and down hockey i mean you saw the way it was against the swedes
and the three on three it was chance after chance it was the most exciting like minutes of hockey
we had all year i think and uh but you know with the opportunity to play for the states i think uh
you always look forward to that and and uh who knows if i would have had an opportunity to do
that but you know just playing for your country is always that much sweeter yeah i'm sure you had fun doing that but there's probably a party to say shit man i wish
they had you know the red white blue or the canadian guys with the the red and white right
yeah i mean that's just the ultimate goal but the thing that was nice at least when it started like
you said it was it was fun to play yeah it was a blast i just wish you know honestly we we won
two games lost one i wish it was just longer. I know. I wish we had another opportunity. It was three games and it was over.
We played three exhibition games.
So you knew Austin Matthews for a while now.
He's a year younger than you?
Yeah, he's a year younger than me, yeah.
So I remember when USA, the national program, played BU your freshman year.
It was like a big deal around here because Matthews versus you.
You knew he was going to be this good.
I think everyone else figured it out in that young guns tournament.
Yeah. I mean, I think I knew he was going to be this good. I think everyone else figured it out in that young guns tournament.
Yeah.
I mean, I think I knew he was going to be that good when we were playing at the national team.
I think he went a little on notice his first year
because I think he broke his leg in the first preseason game of his 17 year.
In Ann Arbor?
In Ann Arbor.
No shit.
Yeah, he got leg checked.
So that whole year kind of washed it out.
Yeah, I mean, he ended up coming back and he
played on our 18 team in the under 18 worlds you guys won and we won the gold and uh i mean he was
a huge part of that but then his second year at the national team i think he started to take off
and everyone realized how great he was and he's i mean just seeing him the way that he was his
first year and how skilled he was i i thought uh what you weren't surprised by i wasn't surprised
at all i knew the type of player he was yeah that's he had an amazing plus plus his draft here he goes
to switzerland right so there's not a whole lot of coverage on him and yeah what'd you think it
might have been i don't know what'd you think of that like did you think guys gonna start doing
that more you know what people were always like on me like telling like because we were in similar
situations you know the year to kill before your draft year and and uh for him I thought it was a you know it was a great it was a
great choice you know he plays against pros he plays in that league for a year and he prepares
himself to play in the NHL and you see how how good he did last year for me it was all about
coming home and and I grew up in Boston so I you wanted dreamed of going to a hockey school,
and I dreamed of winning a Beanpot.
That was my lifelong dream, to win a Beanpot.
He's from Arizona, so I don't think it meant as much to him.
Only thing I said to him was, if you go to college,
you're going to get a great social experience too.
I think probably one of the best parts about BU is just living in Boston
and going to school here and all the connections and people you meet.
Yeah, he definitely took a unique path.
Of course, he has a skill set that obviously most guys don't have, but it is good.
I do wonder if younger, talented guys in that unique position with the year off,
if they're going to do that going forward.
Not to mention a kid who say he's nasty at 16, 17 from Canada, U.S., doesn't matter.
Maybe he doesn't have a lot of money and all of a sudden
a team like Zug in Switzerland
will give you 400 grand. This kid's going to be nasty.
That might end up playing a
factor here. And you're getting a year
of pro under your belt. And you're also
like you said, you're kind of away from the media.
I was going to say
that's probably one of the biggest
upsides. You don't have all that attention
on you all year of the North American,
Canadian media, this and that.
You're kind of there, and you're just focused on playing hockey.
Are you somebody who, like during the season, are you reading newspaper stuff?
Are you checking Twitter?
Are you going cold turkey?
It's hard.
I don't think I cold turkey it just because I don't think anybody does that.
It's impossible.
People who say they do are lying. Yeah, i don't think anybody does that it's impossible yeah people who say they
do it lying yeah i don't know anybody like i mean unless you don't have any type of social media
you know i don't think crosby doesn't have anything so he probably just cold turkeys it
i imagine maybe maybe he actually does he would be the one guy who cold turkeys but it's just
gotta give him credit you know he's so he's that guy's laser focused dialed in. For me, I don't read the newspaper.
I don't put the radio on.
I don't watch the local channels or do that sort of thing because I don't.
What good is it going to do you, really?
There's no real point.
I mean, you play good, and they want to kiss your ass,
and then you play like shit, and they're all over you.
So I was, you know.
You know what's going to happen anyways based on how you play exactly so i try to stay away from it when you first got broken to the
nhl i i know everyone says the biggest adjustment is the speed to the game i'm assuming that might
be your answer but uh there are other things that in the nhl you haven't adjusted to so far that
you're still kind of working on i think one big thing that uh kind of goes unnoticed is just the face-off circle
uh it's so hard to win face-offs in the nhl and um i think i'm still trying to get better at that
uh it's a huge it's a huge adjustment i mean the speed and everything it just takes time right
the face-offs i mean the longer you're in the league the refs let you cheat a little bit more
and the betty you get basically yeah i mean yeah exactly you're in the league, the refs let you cheat a little bit more. The better you get.
Basically, you've got to cheat better than everybody else.
Yeah, exactly.
I mean, who's the best face-off guy in the NHL?
Bergeron, right?
He's got four selkies.
You're not calling my guy a cheater, right?
Yeah.
No, he's got four selkies,
and he definitely takes advantage of what the refs give him in the face-off,
but, I mean, at that point, he's earned it.
Exactly, right.
So you kind of have to build up to being able to do that.
Do you see yourself as maybe a Selkie candidate a few years down the line
or strictly going to rake up those hot trophies and hot rush trophies?
If you could end up getting a Selkie too, dude, that would be insane.
I think right now you're more like, I'm going to get 100 points.
Let's get to Selkie when I'm 30.
Stevie Y style.
Yeah.
Yeah, change the game then.
Exactly.
But I want to talk.
We can't not talk about BU, right?
You talked about BU briefly.
Everyone here knows I'm an alum.
You had a legendary season.
Second freshman ever to win the Hobie Baker.
Paul Correa was the first.
When you went into that year, David quinn the head coach at bu um told me like this kid could win the hobie baker
you hear that it's like it was 1993 when paul korea did it it's like i don't think
i maybe but then did you think you could like going in or were you like i'm not even thinking
about that never crossed my mind to be honest to be honest not not for me bro no no not not when i moved in in july
into bay state road to the basement to the basement of 205 bay state when i moved in there
yeah i never crossed my mind but you know as you get playing during the year and and uh you start
having success i think it definitely right away your mind. No, I think my first few weeks,
I think first game I had five assists.
Second game I had,
uh,
like four,
five points.
And then I was like,
all right,
well then I first came at UMass.
This is it.
What the fuck?
First game at UMass,
our first regular season game.
I think I had a couple more points.
I was like,
you know,
I think,
uh,
like our team's really good.
I was playing with really good players. And we had all, yeah, we and yeah we're winning games and i'm lighting it up i can actually do
yeah we had number one power play in the in the country and like we had we had a really good team
and everyone count us out i don't know what we were we were like the biggest underdog in the
country to start the season then we just started creeping up the rankings and i think by december
or something we were one or two my my best my favorite story that year, Steve Greeley told me,
he's now the assistant GM in Buffalo, funny enough,
but he was Jack's assistant coach.
So BU, I think you'll remember this, BU had a stick deal with Easton,
and, like, everyone had to use Easton sticks.
And first game, I think it was first Hockey East game of the year,
Eichel goes out in the first period, he's got a Bauer stickauer stick and really looks at coach quinn and they're like uh what the fuck and
so after the first period like do we say something like let's just say something after the game you
know we don't just forget it for now he goes out in the third period gets two and two and they win
and they the next week they change it anyone could use any stick they wanted. That's a legendary story, dude.
I was so sold on Bauer, and they were whatever, Easton and Warrior,
and I had tried both, and I was using them in practice and things like that.
Every time it came down to a game, I was like,
I don't feel comfortable using anything other than what I've been using.
Stupid not to let you use it. And he just shot them right up.
Needless to say, they changed the whole goddamn contract for you. How can they do that, though? Just be like, you have to use you use it. And he just shot him right up. Needless to say, they changed the whole goddamn contract at BU.
How can they do that, though?
Just be like, you have to use Easton Sticks.
I'd be like, no.
In the AHL, you have to use CCM.
Money talks and bullshit walks.
I think New Balance or something put a big, huge field in at BU.
And then New Balance has connected to Warrior.
So we had Warrior gloves and Warrior pants.
So we got the Warrior deal.
And then i think that
they had easton already or so it was warrior easton and and uh yeah so when all right so that
year ended and you know you're gonna be the number two or the number one pick it was flipping or
flopping and i kind of heard rumblings and i always said bullshit but that you wanted to stay
another year was that ever true at all did you know um you know i think after the
the way our season ended and just uh just how close i was with all the guys like
naturally yeah like i was like that was the closest team i've ever been on and it was almost
like we weren't really like we lost erod he was a really good player we lost home and he was an assistant captain like and uh oc was leaving but i i don't think that we all thought that
if we kept it together we could be good next year and just the way we lost it was just pretty bitter
you know you want to win the national championship and in boston so yeah just the way that everything
fell through and just just hanging out with the guys in the spring but then i went then i went to
the world championships and i saw the way the nhl guys were and i was like yeah i don't think i'm gonna
go back to bu yeah like i love my boys back in boston we're having sick dinners in like rome
right now this works yeah not to mention the paycheck differential yeah plus i you know i
thought like i should probably if i won the hobie baker here andie Baker here and if I had a good year,
I should probably move on and try and challenge myself again.
Now, how's things been going for you in Buffalo so far?
Obviously, a team that hasn't won a cup yet since they came in an expansion,
but I would say it's a great hockey town.
Yeah, it is.
I mean, if you look at the ratings for the Stanley Cup,
Buffalo is consistently, if not in the top ten, the top five, top three cities.
I mean, I don't know.
People are watching, you're saying?
Huh?
Every game.
Exactly.
They're a hockey-mad city up there with Providence
and West Palm Beach is always on that too, which is hilarious.
But, I mean, you know, when you walk around out there,
do you get swarmed by people everywhere you go?
Or is it like, I don't want to say, oh, you're complaining about people coming up to you.
But, I mean, it's such a passionate town.
They're so hungry for a winner there that you must be somewhat of a savior to them in some regards.
I don't think that.
Put that word in your mouth.
I wish he was like, I am a fucking savior.
I am a golden good.
Have you seen Bill's Mafia?
Oh, yeah.
Are you Bill's Mafia?
Have you been to a game and done that?
I wouldn't consider myself Bill's Mafia in that case.
He's a Brady guy.
You got to be kidding me.
Yeah.
Brady's like my hero.
How can he not be?
Whose hero is he not?
Hold on.
Let's just be quiet.
We can all just talk a little bit.
We'll cut this out.
No, Brady's our man. But Bill's Mafia. It is pretty funny. Let's just be quiet. We can all just talk about it for a little bit. We'll cut this out. No, Brady's our man.
But Bill's Mafia.
It is pretty funny.
Like, you go to the games.
Like, if I go to the game, I'm probably not going to sit in the parking lot and tailgate for hours and stuff.
I'm definitely not that.
But I'll go, and I'll see the way that they are there, and it's crazy.
And it's definitely probably the same when the Sabres, you know.
I feel like when they made those cup runs and stuff like that, like the place is going insane.
So it's just great fans there.
I think, you know, there's not much else to do, I'll say, besides root for your teams.
Yeah.
You got the Bills and Sabres.
Yeah.
It feels like a team, you know, you guys are on the rise right now.
Now, you know, how many years do you think playoffs this year?
You think you're going to get back this year?
Yeah, I'd love to.
You know, I think with the way our team looks,
and I would have said this last summer too,
we were one point out of the playoffs going into bye week,
and we ended up losing a few games right after that
and kind of watching our season go away.
But I think with the new changes, we've acquired some players,
and guys are a year older.
We're pretty young still,
and I think that we should expect to be in the playoffs next season.
Yeah, I think a lot of  you hear about it in the playoffs a lot.
A team has to, like, lose to learn how to win.
Do you feel like that might be a part of what's going on with Buffalo right now?
Yeah, I mean, you look at us.
I think we had 15 one-goal games last year.
Really?
Yeah, I think something like that.
Yeah, 15 or
Dude, all of
a sudden say say you win like yeah eight eight of those right you know it's 16 yeah yeah that's
that's a huge thing right there and that that could quickly change i think yeah exactly like
people don't really realize how good ryan o'reilly is either do they unbelievable i know that guy is
sick i remember the contract he got and people were a little shocked it was pretty big money
and then like everyone realized like this guy's worth it he's that good like i would say he's kind of like
he's like our he's like our bergeron you know we needed a huge face-off win in the d zone whatever
side it's on left or right he's taking it takes all our face-offs on penalty kill you know if
he's been out there for a minute and a half we need a big face-off in the back he's going out
takes all our face-offs in power play yeah he he runs half
of our power play on the other side of the flank he's our number one pk air yeah he does such a
yeah he's such a valuable player to our team and and on top of all of it he's unbelievable guy like
everyone loves him and he works unbelievably hard so uh i mean he's he's definitely worth every
dollar he gets that's for sure though that I think with you and him up the middle,
it's like you need two good centers.
What we talk about with Vegas, you can't get centers.
Yeah, exactly.
That's just how the NHL works now.
And with good goaltending, I think that you guys could be good next year.
Do you have a favorite road city?
I love this question.
You've only had two years.
Yeah, I've had two years.
I've been everywhere.
Not 21 either.
What?
Not 21 either.
Not 21 yet.
Yeah, I'm talking about restaurants and fucking movies.
Going out to dinner.
I don't know.
Honestly, I love the West Coast.
Yeah, it's so nice.
It's unbelievable.
I mean, I had never been to LA or Anaheim or anywhere out there in California.
Like ever for anything?
For anything until my rookie year when I went out there.
So that was pretty eye-opening.
I'd never been to L.A.
You're like, this is how they go to the rink with the top down and cars,
like just living it up.
I love playing in New York City.
Playing in MSG is the coolest thing in the world.
Don't they have the best warm-up music?
I was just going to say.
Get you so fired up with the warm-up music. I was just going to say, I don't think I take a harder warmie than when I'm at MSG is the coolest thing in the world. Don't they have the best warm-up music? I was just going to say. Get you so fired up with the warm-up music.
I was just going to say,
I don't think I take a harder warmie than when I'm at MSG.
Are you no bucket or you have to wear a bucket?
No, I hit my 100th game this year and that was our rule.
So they were like, I had just gotten like a fresh fade haircut.
You got a mohawk now.
Yeah, yeah.
And like the older guys in our team are really cool you know
they're not like sticklers or anything they were like go no bucket go no bucket so me and rhino
had just hit 100 games pretty close and uh oh yeah they were like you know put a couple hundred
bucks on the board and and go no bucket and see if we win it we ended up winning so i just started
doing it and uh i did it probably like the last 20 games or so and now he's enjoying the best part of the nhl yeah bucket yeah the best that's great you gotta
sell the game you gotta sell the game dude i'm a big proponent of that they should do shootouts
with no helmets too i say oh that's a good call so somebody falls like wideman and breaks their
head open so i got a hypothetical situation for you here so say me and you are you know we're on
the ponds we're playing we're having a good time. Now, I was a
mediocre hockey player, but
excellent pond hockey player.
So, let me say,
how many beers would you have to drink
for me? We're playing post here. We're playing
post. How many beers would you have to
drink for me to get one post on you?
Dude, you'd get so
lucky at one. Like, you could shoot you with your
eyes shut and hit one
Yeah, but it's punch
You can't shoot with the guy in front of you
You gotta go around him to
We're playing one-on-one here
One-on-one
How many beers are we talking?
You could have a fucking liter of vodka and 50 beers
And he'd still be just holding the puck away from you
That's what I'm thinking too
I don't think it matters how many he drinks
Even if he's passed out on the ice
I don't think I'm going around him.
Yeah, because you'd have to drink too, and he'd probably
just thumb you in that. Oh, yeah.
This game would have to be in Canada
because he's not of drinking age.
Yeah, this is up in the Toronto Ponds.
Ponds up north.
Alright, so we really appreciate you coming.
Do we have questions for him?
We do have some good Alright Hamiltons.
Do you know our segment, All Right Hamilton?
Are you aware of it?
No, what's that?
So we bring, what do we do?
We get questions on from Twitter,
but they're named All Right Hamiltons
because when Dougie Hamilton was on the Bruins,
R.A. had a bunch of T-shirts made,
but then he got traded and they didn't sell,
so we give these T-shirts away.
Yeah, so what size are you, by the way?
I'll throw you one if you want.
He's got a perfect golf towel.
So Ashy asks, can you guys share an awesome slash nightmare roommate story from when you were in college, hockey or non-hockey related?
All right, Hamilton.
Oh, geez.
I probably couldn't put them on the air. I had a buddy, actually.
Dude, I was minus five first night at UNH.
We lost Friday night.
Minus five.
That's amazing.
We lost five-nothing, dude.
So you know that song they play?
Like, life, la, la, la.
You know that song at UNH, boys?
Maybe.
Yeah, yeah.
Okay, yeah.
You would recognize it.
We'll maybe have Grinnelly add it in here.
The next day, dude, we wake up for the game at BU,
and he's fucking playing it.
As I get up from the nap, and he's chirping me for it.
I'm like, you motherfucker.
So that was our actually only fight, me and Brian Miller.
But BU roommates are the best.
Oh, it's unbelievable.
Where did you live?
Dude, I was Bay State, Rhodes, Shelton.
Shelton.
So we didn't get Shelton when I was a freshman.
Shelton's the best.
Yeah, it's pretty new.
So I had a nightmare
dorm my first year why you didn't you weren't in i was in the bay state no i was i was in the
bay state towers oh my like right across that's the white i got white trash no it's not white
trash sucks man it's asian trash it's asian trash i mean it's all asians and indians but i will say though that
like you got to live you never got to live in an apartment dude because the next year is when you
get to be like all right no signing in yeah so that was the that was the good thing about my
my summer going into freshman year was we got to live on bay state which is the best
living on bay state road in the summer is unbelievable. And then... Did you take a class?
Yeah, I took a class
before I went in.
Worked out and stuff.
History of Boston?
I did take History of Boston
with Heinze.
Dude!
If you guys get History of...
It's a great course, you know.
I hope Professor Heinze is listening.
Just imagine us taking
History of Boston
as BU Hoggart players.
It was a blast.
What else we got?
All right, so Topher.
Topher asks,
best locker room DJ you've ever had?
I don't even know.
Who do you have?
Are you the DJ?
I'm not the DJ in our locker room, though.
I mean, I throw my tunes on here and there,
but usually Gio gets the ring first.
The captain and the veteran.
Yeah, the captain and the veteran.
He'll put his music on,
but it's usually like the same Pearl Jam and Metallica songs over and over.
Oh, dude.
That guy.
That kind of guy.
Sorry, leading the jukebox.
But we actually, our team's pretty good.
We got Zach Bogosian knows how to DJ.
So he has turntables, learned how to DJ.
Like Zibanejad?
That's awesome.
So he'll put mixes together that can run forever, but real good ones.
My first year, our whole warm-up mix, before we came out, it was like,
warm-up music is brought to you by Zach Bogosian.
This is in the arena?
Arena, playing.
That's awesome.
But it would be normal songs that you know, but he would mash them up,
and they would sound unbelievable.
Like an hour-long mash-up? Yeah, whatever it would be. That's pretty sick, actually but he would mash them up and they would sound unbelievable. Like an hour long mashup?
Yeah, whatever it would be.
He's really good at it.
What kind of music do you like?
Basically, guys you already listen to,
are you kind of too old?
I know you're from northern Boston.
That's usually a big question.
Honestly, I like everything.
I love classical music.
I like old...
No, not that classical i'm talking like i'm talking like classics like i like when you shoot
no no i'm talking like i like classics like i like motown like i love marvin gay like he's
probably one of my favorites nice i like yeah yeah i like oh yeah my dad is big old school so
like i like like hendrix i like the doors
cream yeah i don't know if you saw i posted a couple instagrams of like just pictures of music
i was listening to a few a few weeks ago i was like you say tears for fears the doors is yeah
i love the doors are great the doors are great didn't expect cream yeah i love clapton motown
you are you an otis redden guy? He's not bad, yeah.
I mean, I'm like big, big Marvin Gaye.
He's probably top five for me.
You're like a Marvin Gaye Patriots fan where you'll just fight everyone who hates your man, Marvin Gaye,
so you can't really like the other guys.
You're just defending Marvin Gaye all the way.
But I like everything.
I'll go to like ED.
I saw the Chainsmokers.
They were good.
I go to a lot of country concerts.
Did you go to U2 the other night down front?
I didn't.
No.
No.
Yeah, it looked unreal.
I wish.
I totally missed them.
They're always awesome.
U2, have you ever seen them?
I haven't seen them, but I'd love to go see them.
They are phenomenal.
They never give a bad show.
I saw them here when I was a senior in high school.
Fox Pro is such a pain in the ass to go to.
Like honestly, if they were
at the Garden, I definitely would have went.
I think it's one of the worst concert venues
just because getting in and out
of Route 1 is terrible.
It's two hours after the concert.
I think it's too big.
Honestly, one of my favorite places
to go see a concert is Fenway.
It's unbelievable.
Fenway's good
because it's a spectacle,
but it's found sound-wise
and acoustics.
The Garden's dynamite.
Yeah, I've been to Coldplay
and the U2 at the Garden.
Are you a Tom Petty guy?
Do you like Tom Petty?
Yeah, I like Tom Petty.
I've been selling Petty.
He's coming to the Garden
I think three weeks, man.
I'm going to look for tickets
to that one.
I'm telling you, man,
he's unbelievable.
I tell everybody,
like, oh, yeah,
I might like a couple songs.
You go there, Jack, you're going to walk out, and you're like, wow.
He rips the hits.
I didn't realize how many songs I like, and they put on an unbelievable show all the time.
Definitely if you can get some tickets.
When I golf, I play Tom Petty Pandora.
That's our mix, dude.
It's just jams the whole time.
What about TV shows?
You crush any during the season?
During the season, yeah.
Honestly, I'm the biggest movie guy in the world. well you you're a re-watcher of movies you'll watch a movie
a hundred times oh if i see if i see dodgeball or something i'll put it on every day i think me and
jack might have to hang out this summer a little little move as far as a rock over here that you're
a movie classical music uh yeah i'm a huge movie guy like i i get chirped for it all the time.
I'm dropping movie quotes
the whole day.
Three favorite movies, comedy,
three favorite movies.
My three favorite comedy movies.
I love The Replacements.
The Replacements is great.
Unbelievable.
I'd say Dodgeball is in my top three for sure.
That's one of the funniest movies I've ever seen.
I rewatch it, and I'll find funny parts in the movie that I didn't think were funny before.
What is it, Globo Gym?
Global Gym.
That's where you were.
Purple Cobras.
I'm trying to think of movies that I can quote.
I love Step Brothers.
I quote it from start to finish.
What about the hockey guy? I've got to yeah oh unbelievable i watched it with i watched that
with my my dad i think my dad introduced me to slap shot i was like 12 that's that's that's good
parenting right there you're really close with your father huh yeah really close yeah and you
have brothers or sisters i got an older sister yeah she play hockey growing up too or no she
didn't so when i was young when i was like really young the i got into skating because my parents got her skating lessons and she didn't like it at all so i took her
skating lessons when i was like three oh so your dad wasn't like you're gonna play hockey no no no
he was like he was like do whatever you want like my dad didn't really he didn't really play hockey
fall today he grew up he was born in somerville like he grew up here so he was like a bruins fan
and you know he was he was a really good athlete played a lot of sports but like hockey wasn't his thing he was a really good basketball
player and uh so he was just like you could do whatever you want and and uh i just i don't know
i i think i loved hockey when i was young and that's all i wanted to do and and then he was
able to just make sure you always were able to do whatever you want with yeah i think he tells a story about like uh when i was
super young like three four maybe and it was like christmas time and uh i think my parents like
told me i couldn't go to like hockey that night or something i don't know what it was
and uh in my house christmas time my mom would decorate it or whatever and she would put
red plants up the stairs.
And my dad tells a story about me at the top of the stairs going over to my room,
and I'm firing the plants down at them screaming because they wouldn't let me go to hockey.
This guy's like, all right, this kid wants to fucking play hockey.
We're not messing this one up. A little fire in the belly.
Actually, going back to Slapshot real quick,
is that something that still gets played on road trips or is it like past that point like did i mean i know
you're not really a bus as much anymore but was that was that still getting played a lot when you
were riding buses a little more when i rode buses i can honestly say i never watched slap shot i've
probably seen the movie a hundred times but i don't think i ever watched it like i i don't know
i didn't on a bus either maybe i might have been on a bus to Quebec when I was like 12,
but not like in USHL or any of that.
I mean, nowadays I feel like every single person has a fucking iPad.
Exactly.
It seems like, I mean, unless you pair off with a guy,
like you see, I know like Crosby and Flurry used to fly together all the time.
They have one headphone.
You're splitting headphones watching a movie or something.
I mean, I think we have like
we don't have like a super assigned seat on the plane,
but you know where you sit.
Like I sit next to Rhino on every single plane.
I don't.
I'm not at the card table.
I think I'm going to play next year.
What do they play, poker?
They play
Different games?
No, no.
I'm trying to think.
They don't play poker.
Hearts?
No, no.
Why can't I think of the name of it? I play it all the time. I thought you actually told them. No, no. I'm trying to think. They don't play poker. Hearts? No, no. Why can't I think of the name of it?
I play it all the time.
I thought you actually told them.
No, no, no.
That's poker.
I think that it would be...
What's the other game?
Gribbage.
Why can't I think of the name of it?
Bridge.
Gribbage.
I played all summer.
AC Deucey?
No.
AC Deucey, you can lose like 50...
It's like a hockey game.
Maybe it starts with an S.
Scat?
No.
Remember Scat, dude?
No.
Scat's the name.
Oh, this is going to drive
me crazy. Spit. Nope. Nope. Nope.
I have it on the tip of my tongue.
I was poker, but I know exactly what you're talking about.
We'll cut this part out. This is good radio.
Great radio. Any other good
Hamilton's for this? Yeah, we do. We have a great
one. We'll let you go here
soon. We're just having a blast.
I don't have anything to do. I can sit here and talk.
Joe asked, best celly of all time and why and what's your go-to celly?
My best celly of all time?
What is your go-to celly?
I do the one leg kind of bent and then both arms go up.
Yeah, this one.
I wish I saw that one at B.U.
It's kind of like get the crowd out of their seats, you know?
I'd say my best cello of all time.
Oh, I was in eighth grade playing for the Junior Bruins,
and we were playing the national tournament and national championship
or whatever at the time.
We were in the semifinals of the game, and I think like first shift,
I think it was first shift, I I skated I ended up getting a
wrap-around goal and uh the ice was completely clean like nice and fresh and I dove out and
swam down the ice yeah to the other ice I slid all the way was masters your coach Chris Masters
was my coach yeah he didn't care we ended up we won the national
championship the next day he didn't care at all that's fucking awesome dude the one one of my
favorites is um we were playing against chicago when i was on edmonton and kane scored a goal
and it was a really normal celebration like he kind of looked at the crowd and like went like
that it was a good one but it was normal but then when we saw the replay of the game he spins into
the corner where the net is and i think he does it all the time then when we saw the replay of the game he spins into the corner
where the net is and i think he does it all the time and he just looks the crowd and as he brought
his hands up he's like get the fuck up and you could tell it has everyone standing up it's just
such a legendary cane fucking selly i've always liked that one and then timu's you know recently
hall of famer yeah oh yeah we didn't get to the Hall of Famers. Dude, his shooting the glove. He said that he regrets it, but I thought that was sick.
That's unbelievable.
Nobody ever forgets that.
What was your go-to?
I love that.
I didn't score enough.
Oh, his go-to?
No, yours.
My go-to, dude.
I was just like, holy shit.
No, I was just...
My go-to, Sally, was, thanks, Sid.
I just scream it over and over.
I love when people celebrate.
Honestly.
That's why Subban's dead on when he talks about,
you score a goal in the best league in the world,
I'm so fired up, I'm celebrating.
I think the same.
Who cares?
Do you think there'll be a bit of a change in that?
We got a lot of young guys like yourself coming to the league
with a fresh attitude like that.
I don't mean fresh wise, I mean a new attitude.
Do you think maybe in the next few years we'll see a little bit more celebration and less of the button down yeah
conservative 1950s you know hockey is a super conservative game and and uh it's almost like
it's it's very like it's very passed down you know you come in the league you earn your stripes
you respect the older guys you see like a football or a nba locker room and they're able to showcase
their personality a lot more and i think it's actually locker room and they're able to showcase their personality a lot more
and i think it's actually good because then they're able to build themselves as
a person instead of just a player like you see like nba players and nfl players and they're
bigger than just the player that they're on the field they're this huge image for they're a public figure and for hockey it's it's it's very low key and and so i
think it's great if if people are able to show their personalities and showcase who they truly
are i think it's great for the game and i think you've said it before to me i think off when we're
recording is the nba and the nfl they market players and they're willing to like really get
the best players in their league out there and
not just like a part of team whereas hockey it's such like you said team sport no one's above the
team but it's great for guys to show off who they are and guys want to do it too like you can tell
you do and all these younger guys i mean that's just how the game is now it should and the more
that that happens the more popular the game will be because people fall in love with players as
opposed to teams absolutely you. You think back to
the NBA. The global
market was such a huge part of
why they're the most popular sport on the planet today.
It was the dream team. In 1992, they had
the best basketball team ever assembled.
That was such great PR for
the league. That's what we mentioned in the Olympics earlier.
Mikey asked you. That's such a missed opportunity
to market you guys individually
as superstars. I think that's the big thing.
You look at the four major professional sports.
We make the least amount of money, but we're the most conservative.
I think that people jump on personalities.
That's what catches people's attention.
Absolutely.
Even something as simple as being out there without your helmet on, that's how you make a connection.
With a fresh fade.
Because I always make the joke, like, if you see a hockey player, an NHL guy in a bar in
someone's bag, who is that?
Like, I was in a wake line a few months back, and I saw Scott Young there, and I'm like,
who's this guy?
He's what?
And it was like, if you put a helmet on, I could tell you who he was.
People have said that to me.
I think it's different for me, but I could see, like,
I guess how it could make such a difference for you. You've only ever seen him with a fucking nasty Cooper lid on.
Exactly.
We're not used to seeing guys without the helmet,
and I think that's something the NHL should look and have.
Let's see your faces.
Let's see what you look like more, especially the goalies.
You can't see what they look like at all.
Exactly.
This week's All Right Hamilton was brought to you by DollarShaveClub.com.
DollarShaveClub.com is the smarter choice out there for guys who need to shave.
If you're like me, shaving's not your favorite activity,
but it is necessary if you want to look good out there.
So I go to DollarShaveClub.com.
We get a great shave at a great price, conveniently delivered right to your door.
It's a no-brainer choice for me.
You don't have to go schlepping out to Rite Aid or CVS or wherever.
You buy some cheap razor that's going to hack your face up,
or you've got to spend a million bucks on something with all kinds of bells and whistles.
You just need a good shaver.
I use my dollarshaveclub.com, the executive razor, with Dr. Carver's shave butter,
and it's beautiful.
I feel like I'm in a 1930s barber chair, old-fashioned.
You get a nice, clean shave right to the skin.
Permanent happiness when you're dealing with dollarshaveclub.com.
You can make the smarter choice by joining.
For a limited time, new members get their first month of the Executive Razor
with a tube of Dr. Carver's Shave Butter for only 5 with free shipping.
After that, razors are just a few bucks a month.
That's a 15 value for only five bucks.
In your first month box, you'll get an awesome weighty handle,
a full cassette of four cartridges, and a tube of their shave butter.
After your first month, replacement cartridges ship automatically
at the regular price.
There are no hidden fees and no commitments.
Cancel anytime you like.
You can only get this offer exclusively at dollarshaveclub.com slash chiclets.
Again, that's dollarshaveclub.com slash chiclets.
And chiclets is spelled C-H-I-C-L-E-T-S.
Get yourself a great shave at dollarshaveclub.com.
Well, dude, we really appreciate you coming on
Was there one more over at Hampton?
Or was that all?
So, dude, you're definitely the top get for us
We wish you all the luck in the world
And we're really thankful that you came on
Thanks for having me
Awesome
Same what he said
Thanks a million, man
We've obviously been trying to pull this together for a little while
So the fact that we got you here in my living room
It's fantastic
And we couldn't be happier to have you
And just don't say anything about the Bruins bad ever again I didn't say anything bad about the Bruins So the fact that we got you here in my living room is fantastic, and we couldn't be happier to have you.
And just don't say anything about the Bruins bad ever again.
I didn't say anything bad about the Bruins.
That's all right.
Good thing you didn't bring a Sabre shirt for me.
I might have to wrestle with my conscience if you did or whatever.
All right.
Well, thank you very much, folks.
We'll be back.
Next week, we're not sure yet.
We'll figure it out because it's July 4th.
Oh, yeah.
We'll check with HQ.
So we'll figure everything out.
But is there anything else we have to lead off with?
No.
Actually, one other thing.
Well, we should give a shout out to the Hall of Famers.
I mean, we were going to.
Yeah, that's true.
Go ahead.
Go ahead.
The four players, Mark Reckie, Tame Usulani, Dave Andruschuk, Paul Correa, and then to
build this category, our own Jeremy Jacobs.
That's what I was going to  fuck that.
How is he in the Hall of Fame?
Well, what did I say to you before the show?
How political  the process to get in the Hockey Hall of Fame is wired in politics,
just like a lot of things to do with hockey.
He's been an owner for 40-something years.
He runs the show in a lot of regards.
I'm not  I honestly was almost surprised he wasn't in already just because they vote,
they take care of each other.
They vote each other in.
That's what it is.
The media thing does the same thing.
He bought the team.
He never even lived here.
He won one cup in 41 years.
So in terms of what he's done,
he's not a hard man.
Right, exactly.
You can certainly quibble
over how much of a builder has he been.
If he was a more committed owner,
you could say he'd have more cups.
But again,
I don't want to give short shrift.
Danielle Goyette was a woman's player.
Claire Drake was a coach in Canada.
I just want to give people their props.
They did get in the Hall of Fame.
Did you watch any of those guys growing up, Jack?
I know you're a little younger, but Korea, Solani,
did you catch their ass into their careers?
Yeah, I mean, you watch Taimou, and I definitely watched Reki.
Yeah, he was here in Boston, so I saw him a lot.
And Paul Korea is Paul Korea.
You know, he still has a career point a game player in the NHL.
Exactly.
It's exactly the same amount of points as games played.
Exactly.
Really?
One point per game.
I think he had like 973 and 973 or somewhere around there.
Exactly the same number.
I wouldn't have guessed that.
He's still the national predator, single season point record holder.
Most points in the season by any chance.
And he had 100 points his freshman year at Maine, which is ridiculous.
25 and 75.
That's a sick joke.
Well, that's a sick ending to finish up on
a guy like
Paul Correa
he was dynamite
and those guys
all of them
so again
thanks a million
Jack for coming on
and hopefully
we'll do it again soon
maybe you can bring
a couple of your
buddies next time
McAvoy's coming over
for sure
yeah
you get him over here
alright buddy
thank you very much
peace out everyone Buffalo Soldier Dreadlock Rasta
It was a Buffalo Soldier
In the heart of America
Stolen from Africa
Brought to America
Fighting on arrival
Fighting for survival
