Hey, Spittin' Chicklets listeners, you can find every episode on Apple Podcasts,
Spotify, or YouTube. Prime members can listen ad-free on Amazon Music.
Hello everybody, welcome to episode 371 of Spittin' Chicklets, presented by Pink Whitney.
From our friends at New Amsterdam Vodka here in the Barstool Sports Podcast family, what is up gang?
Lots of stuff to talk about this week, but it's a huge week for the Chicklets gang.
It's the first ever Chicklets Cup in Vegas. The boys are fired up, so let's
check in with the commissioner, Mikey Grinelli.
What's the latest? Big week for
Chicklets. Big week for me
personally as well. A lot of time
and energy and effort has gone
into this tournament. One
could even say it's the biggest week of my career.
I'm super excited, but even more
exciting news. Guys, I got a dog.
Little Ravioli. She came home this
past week. She's the best dog in the world. She's a Pembroke Corgi. I love her so much, but I'm very,
very excited to get to the Chicklets Cup, but I can't lie. I'm very excited to go play with
little ravioli after this. Congratulations, buddy. Ravioli. Ravioli, huh? So you got a dog and then
you're leaving for Vegas. That's great.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Tough.
Don't let your girl clean up its shit.
What's a Pembroke mean?
Like, what's the thing before?
Like, is it a certain type of corgi?
Like, is it a purebred?
What does that mean?
I think it means it's from England.
Interesting.
Boyd Gordon has a corgi.
He's obsessed with them.
So they're pretty good dogs.
Very obedient.
But a little bit uh
a little bit of on their own program i think they're like they tend to like the solo missions
they don't like other dogs right uh yes i was told they are socialites and they are very picky
with who they like to hang out with so we'll uh we'll see how this goes boys real bitches huh
yeah we'll see we'll see how it goes biz what's going on with you buddy how's your weekend oh well a shit show as far as the travel's concerned very much well worth it
yeah i was on a tarmac for six hours uh in chattanooga is that how you say it in tennessee
i went to bed uh we left orlando i went to bed and i was supposed to fly into atlanta on a
connector and i woke up in chattanooga and then spent six hours on a tarmac.
But as I said, very much well worth it.
We went to the Orlando Solar Bears game on the Thursday night,
ended up staying up until about 2.33 o'clock with those East Coasters.
And what a time.
Whit, you ended up joining us kind of a spur-of-the-moment thing,
but, I mean, talk about an electric factory as far as a building and
the way that they run operations there in orlando they end up pulling off the game in overtime and
it brought me back to my wheeling days and that's all part of that jungle series we're doing
with the echl and that was our first pit stop there cannot be a better place in the east coast
hockey league to play than the Orlando Solar Bears organization
because the rink is better than a lot of NHL rinks.
It's where the Orlando Magic play, just a great setup.
And they have the top bowl kind of blacked out,
or there's tarp up there.
So there must have been 7,500 at the game.
We got to go through their entire facility, their practice facility.
It's just top-notch, and the game was great.
I loved catching up with the coaching staff before the game.
It was Drake Barahowski and Jarrett Stahl actually coaches there.
I think it's his third year there.
I was dying laughing too because I played with, obviously,
his brother Jordan in Pittsburgh a little bit and got to know his parents,
just briefly, but great people.
And he was telling me that he'll clip his dad's men's league games
and send him clips and be like, what is this play right here, Dad?
So he's like, well, you've got to dump this pocket.
You're saying Mr. Stahl is still playing men's league up in Thunder Bay?
Yes, he is.
He also still works, I think, full time.
So I think they spend their winters in Estero, he was mentioning.
But he still works.
He's like, my dad's an animal.
And when he's playing hockey, I'm calling him out.
I'm like, wake up.
So I think that the East Coast Hockey League, I never played in that league.
But I did experience how fun it must be for a lot of guys in meeting all the boys, going out with them after.
The atmosphere they play in is phenomenal.
It was a great game.
We put a ton of money on the board. I send them a check now they were up three nothing i was
like oh fuck this is gonna be expensive night utah comes back to tie at three three solar bears got
it done four three overtime and it was pink whitney night so people were crushing the pink
wit i had a blast all the people i got to meet there it was just it was just a really fun night
and i really respect what those guys are going through
because not every city is like that.
Not every organization.
I mean, Wheeling is a little different than Orlando.
So I think that the guys really appreciate playing there
and know how good they have it.
Well, on top of that, too, a bunch of Chicklets fans showed up.
So if we didn't end up seeing you there, it was a pretty chaotic game
because we were bouncing around.
We were in the hot tub for a little bit, although W't uh wit didn't want to get in the hot tub he was
keeping his shirt on he didn't you think i'm a hot tub guy you think i'd get in a fucking
rolled up blown up hot tub with you g and two other random dudes you fucking r.a you would
have been in the mix no he wouldn't have been either i'll tell you that r.a and i are the
shirts on guys on the tops off in public not thing. Unless you're fucking rolling out the dough.
Unless you bring out the Brinks truck.
I ain't taking my fucking.
They also.
They also.
I think they had buses picking up like college kids because there was just a party section
in the arena.
Three different sections was the Pink Whitney party.
20 bucks to get in.
So they sent this bus around town to pick up all these college kids.
So it was.
I mean, that was one of the craziest atmospheres I've seen in minor league hockey so i'm down to maybe check some more solar bears games out
what was the hat the hat chug all about what were you chugging out of a hat i've seen people shoot
the boot but never quite out of a hat before uh i don't really want to divulge that okay gee i want
to keep that for the video because it actually ends up tying in perfectly there uh what was the
last thing i was going to mention about oh i think i'm going to try to take a stab at owning an echl team
at some point i think that it's like wait just talking about the competitiveness those guys were
battling for every single loose puck that might be i mean the fact that barahowski is the coach
might have a part to do with it and the fact that he's a bit of a lunatic and all the guys after their win were trying to get me to go in and get the next day
off and I went in he says absolutely not and apparently they had a bag skate the next day
yeah because we ended up going out for a few pops and I'm sure he caught wind so
I will say though like on on that championship team I had with the Calder Cup there with Stothers
he was pretty hard as far as the skates were concerned.
So making sure we would always sweat it out the day after.
So what can you say?
You got to work hard.
And they're one of the better teams in the ECHL.
So they're chasing a championship right now.
It is a little bit difficult in the ECHL, though,
because your team can change week to week.
Like they were saying, at some points,
they would have like 12 guys of their roster be there because they'd either have call-ups or maybe guys
on the covid list or guys going to different leagues to help out with guys who are on the
covid list so next thing you know all of a sudden you get this like e-bug wouldn't even be the word
like you're pulling a guy off the fucking street to strap the pads on them and anybody even roller
hockey players to try to join the lineup the guy guy at Jimmy John's has a Panthers hat.
You're like, dude, we need you to play.
He's like, I've never played hockey.
Also, I did something that will be on the video of the game
that changes my lookout and opinion on a certain profession forever.
So we'll go a little more in-depth on that when the video is video is finally released but holy shit Grinnelly witnessed what I did and it was a
gong show I'll say that and uh I guess we got to thank Sean O too because I mean he just puts in
so much work behind the scenes he actually just edited that uh the ice fishing video that released
yesterday uh they helped with the axe throwing video. What was the one that we did before that from Minnesota?
We had a bunch of videos.
He put together the vlog.
But most important, I mean, he drove back from Georgia
because all his flights were canceled to get home from Orlando.
Get the fuck out of here.
He rented a car last night and just drove back.
And then he's editing all day again today.
He's a G.
He's a real one. He's a workhorse.
Yeah, after
Chicklet's Cup, we might have to give him like a
week sabbatical. Maybe send him
Yeah, you will.
Yeah, send him down to Tulum.
Let's remind Biz that you just said we'll give him
a week off. Biz will be calling him the second night.
What are we going to do then? Are we going to do like a best of
episode? Who's going to be editing?
Grinelli?
Well, you just said give him a week off.
I guess I'll do it back to how it was a couple years ago.
Yeah, so all you Chicklets fans who bitch if we don't put a video out
or do anything for a week straight, direct all your hate towards me
for the week after Chicklets Cup and lay off Grinelli and Sean, please.
All right, well, it's a big weekend for puck fans.
Come out.
We've got the skills competition, the all-star game,
and, of course, I just said the Chicklets Cup,
so make sure that you're stocked up on the birdie juice, Pink Whitney.
We saw you guys enjoying it in the hot tub down in Orlando,
but if you can't find a hot tub to enjoy it in,
just head over to your local bar and order up some of that smooth
and tasty Pink Whitney.
All right, boys, moving right along.
up some of that smooth and tasty pink whitney all right boys moving right along uh championship sunday yesterday cincinnati bengals in the super bowl boys i mean we got a lead off of football
again i mean this is they were 150 to one shot beginning of the year won four games last year
that was the fifth straight nfl playoff game that ended on the game's final play uh some great drama
then of course the rams beat san francis probably choked on that one
what let's go to you first for your take on the game just i think tony romo was having pink
whitney in the booth last night holy shit wit yeah and for people who don't know what he's
talking about like they were was that him who said let him score here let him score was that romo
i think what you're talking about i think a lot of people had that
take because it has been done in no listen i'm not i'm not saying that it should be the case
but i'm saying a lot of professionals media people i'm not saying guys who have played the game
i'm saying a lot of people were saying to let them score so they would have at least have enough time to go back and drive.
But, I mean, we all saw what happened.
So that game was amazing.
And Joe Burrow, what a cool cat.
Just the next up-and-coming superstar QB.
And there's a lot of them.
I think we mentioned all these young guns, Mahomes, Allen, all the guys in the AFC.
But Joe Burrow, like this guy.
And one of the coolest things was in 2019,
that's when they won it at LSU, correct?
Or was it 2020?
Either or.
It was two or three years ago he won it.
2019.
Tyler Shelvin.
I don't know who this guy is, but apparently he played at LSU.
He's carrying him off the field after they beat Alabama in the SEC title game that year.
And the same Tyler Shelvin was carrying him off the field after they beat Alabama in the SEC title game that year. And the same Tyler Shelvin was carrying him off the field.
He's now a Bengal with Burrow yesterday after winning the AFC title game.
So an unreal kind of sequence of events.
Not to mention that that Jamar Chase, one of the best rookie wide receivers of all time, he was on LSU too.
So it's just a wagon and you could tell the whole culture changed.
I know Burrow got hurt last year.
This team had two wins, I think two years ago,
when they got a first overall pick, and then four last year,
and then what they've done, it's just such a quick turnaround.
It's kind of what happened a little bit when Crosby got to Pittsburgh.
Obviously, he didn't battle the injury his rookie year the way Burrow did,
but things just changed so fast.
And then they had Malkin, kind of the Jamar Chase,
just these two superstars that come in.
I was so happy for Bengals fans, so happy for the city of Cincinnati.
And the game, in my mind, I watched this game.
I didn't miss a second of this game.
The next game, I was running around with the kids
and didn't get to catch the whole thing until the end.
But this game, the end of the first half, Andy Reid's clock management
and decision on that play it
cost in the game they're up they're up uh what was the score at that time excuse me boys I think
it was 21 to 3 it was 21 to 3 and you can make it 21 20 I'm sorry you can make it 28 to 3 pretty
much game over that's it it's done and they end up calling this horrible play. I guess Mahomes, when he threw it back to Tyreek Hill,
and he gets tackled, no timeouts, half-ends,
they don't get any points, not even the three.
Apparently, if he didn't see anything quick,
he was kind of supposed to throw that away to guarantee the field goal.
But what an absolute disaster of this first half
because the entire game changed after that.
The defense came
out they were animals for cinti the second half my brother colin had the best line he said mahomes
in the second half was like a character in um what's the movie what's the space jam and like
the monster stole all his talent he sucked now you got to give the the bangles credit that defense
was they were ridiculous they were were nonstop energy assassins.
But Mahomes, he had nothing.
I think that was the only time in his career he didn't score a TD in the second half.
I might be wrong on that.
I just, I was blown away.
It seemed like it sucked the life out of his body language too.
Like in the second half, he looked completely different.
Even when they would pan to him on the sidelines, he looked like he was nervous and like the game was just slipping away
every time they panned to him.
No?
Yeah, you heard Jackson Mahomes doing halftime TikToks.
And also, I also had a weird feeling.
Now, granted, things didn't change until quite a bit after.
But when Mahomes did that little shimmy shake, Kelsey and him.
You didn't like that?
No, I didn't like that.
You think the Bengals saw this guy shimmy shaking,
looking like it's over in the first or second quarter?
Fuck you, Chiefs.
These guys, the Chiefs fans are a disgrace.
I mean, they're talking like dynasty legends.
You guys, I mean, who knows how long this is going to continue.
You have this amazing quarterback locked up, but they have done nothing.
It's just an awful loss at home.
They looked awful the second half.
Their quarterback was brutal.
And I just, if right now you could give me Burrow or Mahomes,
I'm taking Joe Burrow.
Wow.
I think Joe Burrow is one of those guys, he has it all.
He's got that it factor.
Not only is he a stallion, he's an absolute stud.
He's got great style, the confidence, the charisma, and just the winning.
He's just a winner.
You can just tell there's something about him.
So I'm on this Bengals bandwagon.
I hope they win.
I hope they beat LA.
I love the game go Cincy he would become the first player ever to win a national championship the Heisman and the
Super Bowl I found that odd that nobody really done that before listen I read it on Twitter so
there's probably six other guys who have already done it but as of right now that's what I read
on Twitter so I'm going with it well he would be the first I know he'd be the first first overall pick ever to win the Super Bowl in his first two years
in his first or second year so I mean that makes sense right you you're getting picked first overall
it's usually like the Jaguars or some other trash organization which the Bengals have been
but he's changed it all so um the quickly the second game the one thing i saw that was just such a ridiculous
sequence of events was the fact that that tart he dropped a pass for san francisco he has a
pick right in his hand right in his hands game over probably i mean there was time left but still
and he drops it that's why he's not a wide receiver. He just doesn't have the hands.
And what happens the next play?
Stafford throws like a 25-yard perfect pass to OBJ,
who then gets hit in the head.
A stupid penalty.
So add another 15 yards on it, and the comeback began.
So I don't know who's going to win.
It's a great helmet matchup.
I'll say that.
Since he LA'd, the helmets are phenomenal.
The stupidest thing I saw yesterday, or two days ago now,
because this is coming out Tuesday,
was them setting up the speakers to that halftime performance.
Oh, that was amazing.
The fact that they went through and did the entire segment,
what was probably like 10, 12 minutes,
and they had this famous country band just rocking hardcore speakers right into their
yaps these guys were shouting it to their mics but it was like 10 12 minutes of just he couldn't hear
him they couldn't hear anything no they couldn't yeah they couldn't hear anything so that was that
was a redonkulous moment i thought the second game was a lot more boring if it would have been
san francisco that would have won i would probably say one of the least interesting super bowls but
now the fact that it's the rams you have the Stafford storyline, OBJ could win his first, Sam Darnold.
Is it Sam Darnold?
No, he was the quarterback for the Jets.
Aaron Darnold.
Aaron Darnold, yeah.
He's a beast.
Oh, my God.
It'll be an interesting one.
Now, somebody also sent out a message.
It'll be the first time that somebody is the host and also participant in the Super Bowl as the home team. Yeah, it's be the first time that somebody is like the the host and also participant
in the super bowl as the home team yeah that's only the second time yeah yeah well last year
tampa hosted it but they were the away team in it so i think this is the first time that the home
team is going to host what does that matter though like it's not like hockey where you get like the
last change i know it makes i i don't know. It was just something that, once again, that I read
that I figured that I'd mention.
Okay.
Fair enough.
Playoff game.
No, they have to change in the other locker room
and use the shitty away room.
I bet you're probably right, actually.
That's probably true.
Yeah, there are a ton of San Fran fans.
Even the Rams coach come out and was like,
hey, stop selling tickets to San Fran fans
because they were gone for so long.
You've got to think 21 years down in St. Louis.
That's like a couple generations of kids who just didn't grow up being Rams fans.
So it was a tough sell for them.
I was really happy for Stafford too.
Going through what he did in Detroit, he seems like you never really heard
a bad word spoken about him.
Seems like teammates love him, and he grinded out some tough years
with the Lions.
So to see him have some
success and get his chance at a super bowl it's it's really one of the um uh who's the kid who
works for barstool now from detroit cast chris something he had he had a tweet it's like the
most likable qb matchup of all time like i don't really think there's many people who dislike burrow
or or stafford so it should be a great game.
As a Bengals fan, I'm a little worried.
Their offensive line isn't great, and that defensive line on the Rams is ridiculous.
They just bull rush the QB every time.
So Burrow's in one.
Yeah, the line is four.
It opened up at it.
It's still four right now. Wait, you just said a minute ago, it's 28-3 game over.
But we know that's not the case.
If a team's winning 28-3, they don't always win
because Tom Brady brought the Patriots back in the Super Bowl
and the man is retired.
He hasn't officially announced it,
but Shefta in Darlington broke it the other day.
I think he's probably just waiting to do something with his documentary.
But the greatest of all time is not playing football anymore.
Are you despondent?
Are you sad?
Are you happy?
What's your take for us?
Wait, and then we'll go to G.
I'm not sad, not despondent, just more like want to run.
I mean, he's 44 years old.
Probably people will come at me.
I think he's the best athlete of all time.
I think he is the most successful athlete in the history of sports.
There's an argument to be made, no doubt.
You can come at me, come at my mentions.
Tiger Woods, Wayne Gretzky, Michael Jordan.
Tom Brady, though, is at another level.
And the way he did it is just class.
People who say he's a cheater are idiots.
He did it with good looks.
He did it with legendary leadership.
He did it with accuracy. And he did it with legendary leadership. He did it with accuracy,
and he did it over and over and over, so consistency was just his bread and butter.
I got to watch what I think is the greatest athlete of all time in my prime years of watching
sports from my freshman year of college until right now. I'm a little different than my freshman
year of college. I hate to mention that, And it seems like he's the exact same.
He's just a machine.
I think whatever he does next will be successful.
I saw the, I think Jerry Thornton on Barstool wrote an article of the theories on what actually happened was he's filming the Man in the Arena documentary.
And as anyone's noticed, I think they're on episode 9 or 10 now.
And they're continuing to film.
And obviously when they lost last week against the Rams rams they're gonna do an episode on that and a lot of people
think that is when he was gonna announce his retirement at the end of the documentary and
possibly somebody at espn plus got word already and kind of leaked it but chef they're tough look
for that guy holy shit i mean you can't you can't say the greatest player greatest football player
of all time is retiring and then have the guy come out and say no i'm not i mean that is just talk about
making a reporter look bad i also think brady was probably a little pissed off because in the end he
probably wants to decide it himself and let everyone know himself he's into the media game
but i don't know i don't know gee you you loved watching him as didn't uh didn't ra do that didn't
he announce r Nash's retirement,
and then it happened six months later,
so it was technically you were right, R.A.,
which I still don't know if you've gotten credit for.
Yeah, I said he wasn't going to be playing in the NHL
and would be retiring, and that's what happened, yeah.
Did you get the proper credit that you deserved?
No, but I didn't really pitch about that that time.
It was a few months later, but no, I held firm with it.
I was told by a second source, stick with it.
It's going to happen.
But I know we want to get a word from G.
He grew up on Brady.
You were a little kid when he started playing.
Yeah, it's actually crazy.
I think he took over when I was eight years old
and then left the Pats when I was 25.
So, like, all I've ever really known is winning football from Tom Brady.
But I'll be honest with you.
I'm happy to see him go.
Only a matter of time before this guy's at Barstool HQ,
which means I'm closer to meeting him.
So I'm not really sad that he's going.
What is the under-over of the fact that he steps foot at Barstool HQ,
do you think?
Like percentage-wise?
Probably set a money line on it.
Might I say under-over? i think it's like plus 250 i don't know i i think if they if they do if he does something with someone from barstool
probably be on his terms not only he's walking into the office in that disgusting area in new
york city smelling the trash and then dealing with frank the tank yelling in his face about
some picky through against theins 10 years ago.
Spends a lot of time in New York City, though.
He does.
He spends a lot of time there.
He lives there in the offseason, so you never know.
I should probably sit out the goat talk, eh, this one?
But on a serious note, 44 goes out.
People said that he should get the MVP.
Other people are saying that Rodgers is going to get it.
I mean, buddy, to get to go out with
a season like that at 44 like you get to walk away with your head high and sometimes it's hard
seeing these guys hang on and just you know get obliterated and I mean I would say Peyton Manning
had a pretty tough exit right like he couldn't really throw the ball injuries yeah injuries and
it was kind of like hard to watch where I mean brady was still playing at the top of his game i i don't know if they do the voting the day the regular season ends but if they haven't
done the voting for some reason for mvp i think he might win it now because of the fact that he
is retiring if he does i mean who knows what the fuck's going on but the way he went out exactly
as you're right biz it's like to go out on top and now they didn't win at all, but the game, his final game,
was an amazing comeback.
It was pretty standard for him
in the way they came back and got into that game.
It's always nice, I think,
as a fan of sports,
to watch a guy go out
when he's still at the top of his powers,
as opposed to just having different memories
of a player when they're really struggling at the end.
That's not to take away from guys
who really want to leave on their own terms
and aren't ready at times and know they're not the same player they once were.
But as a fan, you're like, oh, I don't want to remember this legend like that.
So that'll never happen with TB12.
Yeah, I'm appreciative for everything he did.
Unfortunately, he did spoil the last 20 years of Patriots fans.
They don't know what it's like to have a shitty Patriots team like I did for the first 20 years.
Or an average team.
They weren't even really average.
No, they were brutal.
And I've said this to fans of other teams, and it sounds arrogant,
but, you know, like, for example, Bengals or Browns or Lions fans,
like if the Patriots can get to this level, then any organization can
because they were that laughingstock for so long, for such a long time.
Hear that, Yotes fans?
Oh, yeah, yeah.
You need more than 5,000 fans to get to that level, though.
R.A., one last thing in football before we move on.
Yep.
You mentioned Browns fans.
These poor pricks.
They saw Roethlisberger and Pittsburgh all those years dominate their division,
and now they see Burrow coming into Cincy, their own state.
It's just a sad sad day
once again to be a browns fan poor pricks uh biz you mentioned your travel snafu a little while
back nothing worse than being stuck on the plane on the time act you can't go anywhere but you
said you had a an airpod situation that you know no actually uh i got a pretty funny call from wick
because he was dealing with his own travel uh dilemma but i was
actually going to bring that up i think in canada there is a rule you can only sit two hours on the
tarmac anything longer than that they actually have to pull back in and people can get off the
flight so as i said i was on for about three three and a half hours they pulled into the gate and
people were allowed to exit but they had to stay within the little confined area off the plane to get snacks because they ran out on board.
So basically, I was on an airplane for six straight hours of sitting there, which is absolute bullshit.
So what was your you had a pretty wild travel story, didn't you?
Yeah, it wasn't really wild.
It was just more like just pathetic.
Just I'm a I'm a stupid human being sometimes but quickly i remember jet blue
had a flight um that sat on the runway at logan airport for 11 hours the people were on the plane
i'm not google this this was a i want to say six seven years ago i'm not exactly sure and i remember
talking with my buddy it's like the story broke it was on the news i would have pulled i i would
have pulled the emergency exit gone down the slide and taken the arrest because at some point you
can't that that's that's like that's like unhealthy that's that'll mess with your mind that's like
walk watching a clockwork orange or whatever that fucking horrifying i was this close you must have
been flipping i know no no i was pretty calm the entire time until hour three and you know i was
this close to reaching tmz status where i was coming over the top ropes so at you know everybody's
just chilling some people are eating some of the snacks that were still left as we were running out
and i just had my mask down because i was calling uh i think i called katie at the time because i
just had to let her know what was going on you know when you're talking with your mask on it kind of gets
caught in your mouth so i just took it down everybody else around me has their mask down
eating and this fucking flight attendant comes up can you please take your mask off sir i was like
are you fucking this fucking same dirty air has been recycling in this plane for four hours now
if there's colvin in here we're gonna get it all right buddy it doesn't
matter if i pull my mask down and finish this conversation mind you after i was done the phone
call my mask can be down so i could eat my fucking what do you call those little fishes nothing it's
the dumbest it's the dumbest shit it doesn't make any fucking sense i'm not gonna even go deep into
it but i just i wanted to fist fight this guy in the alleyway maybe create some on-flight
entertainment so i don't know what
the rules are in the states for as far as how long you sit on the tarmac i think they need to button
that up oh yeah no doubt that's a legit thing canada has freedom convoy uh shout out my airpod
story so i went to tuesday tuesday night we drove to tuesday we drove to long island to catch keith's
game the record breaker we'll get into that a little bit later but naturally that's a 5 a.m that's a 4 a.m night so i'm gassed i drive back uh wednesday to boston
thursday morning take off to orlando uh we had another late night so friday i fly back friday
morning i'm i'm exhausted and i get in and i'm like i walk to my car i got my i'm holding my airpods case like i'm
out to lunch my car's like two people parked horrifically i could barely get into the thing
i almost had to climb in through the trunk but as i'm squeezing into like my door i dropped the
ipod the airpod case okay which is just a nightmare you know because whenever the the airpod case
drops those things go flying for people who don't know have airpods you'll you'll understand if you ever get them so i'm like oh fuck it's like
six o'clock i know there's gonna be traffic and i'm down on my hands and knees and i'm looking
for the airpod case and it's like in the middle underneath the car next to me so i'm laying down
on the fucking disgusting logan airport parking
garage and i can't reach it so i gotta go back on my car i got rider's hockey stick and i'm swooping
it and i got it all right i get it now where are the airpods because they went flying right where
are these fucking airpods i'm looking around i go to the car to the right of me because maybe it
went they went under my car to the car to the right of me i'm now back on my fucking stomach looking under this car and i get up i can't find him i'm
like motherfucker and this guy walks by he's like can i help you man everything okay nicest guy
nicest guy in the world he's like temperament everything i'm like no man you can't i appreciate
it i dropped my airpods and i can't find them i got the case i
can't find them he goes dude they're in your ear not only were they not only was it in my ear
i took out the one so i could talk to him so one was in my big ear and the other one was in my hand
well i don't blame you for forgetting the one in your big ear.
It might get lost in there.
You can't feel it.
He looked at me.
I go, it's been a long week.
It's been a long week, and I'm going to Vegas next week.
He goes, oh, shit, good luck, man.
So, yeah, it was a tough Friday for your boy.
I called you right away.
I'm like, buddy, this is where I'm at right now.
Because I knew you'd been up even later in Orlando than I'd been.
Yeah, that was a good night, guys.
That was such a blast.
Anyway, what do you got, R.A.?
Well, we were just talking about goats.
So that's a good segue into Biz's appearance on TNT last week.
He got up close and personal with a goat.
It was Wayne Gretzky's, what, 61st birthday.
So they had a goat on site you got to play with and pet.
But Biz, man, I texted you. I know
I pump your tires all the time, but
you were like fucking George Collin last week,
man, between the Dylan Lockett interview
getting chirped by him, Marshawn,
and then Stevie Y. I mean, Stevie
Bongrips, we talked about before the show.
You teed it up perfect. Should we
roll it, G, for the folks who might not have
caught it last week? Steve, Paul Bissonette
here. You know, you talk about your career and then obviously transitioning
as an incredible hockey mind on the management side of things.
Given that there's probably a lot of it constantly on your mind,
what do you do in order to decompress when you get away from the rink
and maybe enjoy yourself?
I can't be honest with that one.
Not on national TV.
You know, I watch a lot of hockey.
It's unreal.
You know, I'm probably doing the same thing that you guys do.
I watch games.
I'll go home tonight and I'll watch a late game.
And to get away from it, I'd like to say I play golf, but I'm not very good and I don't
enjoy it.
So I question why I do that.
You know, so, you know, I don't even have the attention span to read books.
I listen to audio books.
So that's what I do.
I lay in bed with my earphones in and listen to books.
I guess that's what I do to take my mind off and sleep.
That's the OHL education, Stevie.
Exactly.
I was schoolastic player of the year in grade 11.
Oh, okay.
Of course you were.
Of course you were.
I didn't graduate from 12th grade, but grade 11 was a good year.
All right.
If you need Don Wine, we'll get your business number.
I mean, just all time, all time.
I don't know if you knew it was coming but his answer just made it even better i i don't boys i can't even tell you how nervous i
was going into that question i it was a coin toss and the minute it came to me i made the decision
i'm gonna fucking ask it now the good thing is i did because i don't really know where i would
have gone with any other type of question so i would have fumble fucked it even worse
i guess the good news is is i kind of softened it up for him in order to have i guess somewhat of a decent answer and to me the the
funniest part of all of it i chirped him about the ohl education and of course stevie why
11th grade scholastic player of the year ohl for fuck's sake yeah so like is there anything this
guy although he then he went on to say that he didn't even end up going on to graduate. I don't know if he was in the NHL at that time or why he didn't finish his high school degree. But what a, what an answer from Stevie. Does that clarify that he's actually ripping the bong? Did he just leave it open ended? If he's not ripping the bong, what else is he doing that he has to hide?
That's what I said to myself.
I said, this guy.
So anything you basically can't tell the public is illegal, right?
Unless he's into Furbies or something like that.
Eyes wide shut type shit.
Furbies or Furries.
What are they called, Ari?
You mean Furries or Furbies?
Furbies are those little toys.
What are they called, R.A.? You mean furries or furbies? Furbies are those little toys. What are furbies?
I thought furbies were the people who dressed up as the furries and then banged, so the B is involved.
They're like beanie babies on acid furbies.
Okay, well, furries.
I just couldn't believe it.
It was so perfect.
I'm like, this guy, is he admitting to an illegal activity in his private life, Stevie Y?
An amazing question, Biz.
The fact you got that type of answer
you basically got you got one of the most powerful men in hockey to not be able to speak
i would say definitely my favorite gm in the national hockey league now right now uh what uh
what else what else did he end up saying that uh because the answer went on a while he talked about
doing audio books because he's got adhd so that right away i thought of the little gif of like he's one of us he's one of us
he's one of us somebody on twitter said ask him what his favorite audiobook strain is
so sativa heiserman confirmed gentlemen ladies and gentlemen it was a great question biz did
you think of it on your own well no i mean we joked about it on the podcast i just didn't know how i was going to frame it
because i talked the night before i ended up grabbing dinner with one of the guys who works
for tnt gibby and the team had called and said stay away from the weed chatter obviously you
think yeah well yeah obviously so i had to figure out a way to frame it in order to
get the best answer and who knows maybe he would have said something else as far as decompression
because i want to say last year in an interview he talked about how he does yoga and maybe meditation
on the side in order to calm himself down so i thought maybe that was an angle that he would
have taken on the answer but yeah jammed up stevie why surprisingly and uh that was uh that was
definitely a fun show.
And we had the  it was a bit of a goal fest in the first game
between Chicago and Detroit, but the real marquee matchup
was the one between Colorado and Boston because we had Marchie again
who came in for the pregame interview.
I got the joke around about him about the Prius
and him comparing Trochek to a Prius.
But that game  I mean, do you want to get into it right now, R.A.?
Absolutely.
Yeah, because that hit by Halsey.
Yeah, Boston, Colorado, very playoff-like atmosphere.
It looked like there'd be a lot of Bruins fans out there.
You could see them on TV.
4-3 overtime win by Colorado, Kale McCarty 17th.
But, of course, the talk was Halsey hit on Nate Dogg,
and obviously Twitter was erupting with all the crazy takes.
But, you know, when we saw the slow motion, his own stick hit him in the face.
He was trying to get his stick over to the other side.
Got caught at the worst possible time.
It's kind of ironic, too, because Taylor Hall, I mean, doesn't throw a lot of checks.
So when he does, it's kind of, it seems like bad things happen when he does.
That's the second time someone got rung up by him this year.
But we felt terrible for McKinnon.
And sometimes, Biz, I think in a situation like that,
I know he ended up with a facial fracture,
which was probably a broken nose and a concussion.
But sometimes like that, it's almost weird.
It sounds it's almost good to see blood there because it means it's just a cut
as opposed to a guy being down for 10 minutes and having to get stretched off.
But he did end up with a concussion anyways.
And then, of course, for the rest of the game uh the avalanche were going at hall and like we've said on the show for years
with the any you don't have to fight anymore in the nhl if you don't want to and that was a perfect
example of it like hall just wouldn't engage like you can't force a guy to fight i don't know
biz do you think he should have answered the bell do you think he he would have uh done the right
thing had he fought um i i mean I'm sure my opinion might be different
if it was my superstar being hit.
I think that the response by Landeskog
is one that we expect.
To me, one of the best leaders in the game.
He obviously was going to command a high number
in free agency,
but these are the types of intangibles he brings.
He's not only a great player, he's a great leader,
and he's also the guy who,
when something like that happens, he's willing to go over there and sacrifice his body on the fighting
side of things now I don't think that Taylor I like the the response from Colorado and I like
the response from Boston I didn't think that Taylor Hall had to fight I will say though my
number one takeaway from watching Boston a little bit more closely over the last couple weeks
they need to address toughness.
I never thought I'd have to say this about the Boston Bruins.
They need their McQuaid back.
They need, I'm drawing a blank on the other defenseman they had who was willing to chuck him.
Kevin Miller.
Kevin Miller.
They need some toughness back in their lineup.
Like, who's the guy in their lineup that you would say is their quote-unquote heavy who's
the guy who who should be who's the guy who should have went up to landis cog in order to diffuse
that situation to either have landis cog fight him or then would have potentially had to fight
mcdermott because because listen what did colorado do in the offseason they went and acquired
mcdermott so nobody else in that lineup really has to worry.
I think that people are well aware that in a game like that,
and keep in mind, I'm drawing a blank right now,
I don't even know if McDermott was in the lineup that night.
But having a type of guy like that in the lineup
will just calm things down when things get to that point.
And even you saw it when Roussel ended up going over at McAvoy
when they ended up in Arizona a couple nights later.
Like, who's going to step in there?
So now you have a couple games in a row here in this short amount of time
where other teams tend to be taking liberties on star players in your lineup.
So let's go back to the Colorado game.
Now, for Landis Gunk to go up and do that,
he kind of got distracted.
It seemed to really throw the avalanche off
in the first two periods,
where after that, they were able to go in between periods,
reset, focus on the gameplay,
and then make the comeback in the third period.
But as far as the hit's concerned,
clean in my opinion unfortunate for
for mckinnon and i didn't realize that he had a concussion i thought he was just going to be out
with the broken nose ra i was i think that he's got the three games off here before the all-star
break and then he's going to get the all-star break and now you can miss the all-star game
and not have to face repercussion as far as getting like a one game suspension yeah but if you're injured you wouldn't had to anyways correct correct i i was assuming
just with the broken nose that they were just going to arrest him given with the success of
the team in order to give him this period of time to come back because we're like maybe not a skill
guy but you know a guy like me regardless if i got my face caved in with a broken nose like i
would have been in the next game broken nose or not right like is that something you would have
played with me i would have been begging for the night off my nose hurts i can't get this thing to
stop bleeding uh i i mean from the first angle of that hit, I was like, oh boy.
I thought he got him right in the head.
And then luckily, well, for Halsey, I guess, in terms of supplemental discipline,
you see the other angle, like, oh my God, he got him completely in the other shoulder
and the stick just hit him right in the face.
It was just a brutal bounce from McKinnon.
And Halsey made a great play.
And in terms of the fighting, yeah, I mean, nowadays you don't have to fight
if you don't want to.
But I can totally understand that even if it's a completely clean hit.
And say that Halsey didn't catch McKinnon's stick and still got him in the
shoulder and lit him up that way.
And so it was completely clean and everyone knew it.
I don't mind at all if somebody from the team of a star that's hit goes right
after and tries to fight a guy for a clean hit.
I know everyone out there on Twitter
hates hearing that. I shouldn't, they shouldn't
have to fight if they hit the guy clean.
Well, it doesn't really matter. It doesn't
matter what you think because if a guy
on a superstar's team sees that
said superstar crushed, he does not
give two fucks how the hit was
given. It's like like dude i you just
knocked out or crushed one of our top players we're gonna get you now and biz that's a great
point i hadn't thought about the bruins they have zero toughness zero and they got a couple bigger
guys on the back end like this forward fight i i was buddy he's my boy i was gonna say he's a guy
who should start chucking him because he's one of those depth defensemen i think that carlos probably got a more rounded game in the national hockey league where
he's also that big frame back there i don't know if you want him chucking him every night
no he's had the head issues too yeah exactly yeah exactly you need a you need a bottom six guy who's
going to be willing to do it or you need a fifth and sixth defenseman.
Here's another one I got for you.
I don't understand why if it's originally a penalty and you're able to go and review it,
why can't you rescind it from a five to it being nothing?
I don't even think that that was interference.
McKinnon touched the puck, and then less than a split second later,
Halsey ends up hitting him clean as a result of
the injury from his own stick they still end up giving him a two minute minor did they did they
say that they cannot do that and and take it from five to nothing are you saying that they just
decided not to do that i don't think they can right all right yeah no once they go they go to
review they can't wipe it out completely they have have to at least give a two-minute penalty.
Which is so stupid to me.
Right, because it wasn't even really a penalty at the end of the game.
Wow, I didn't know that.
That makes no sense.
I wonder if they'll take a look at that, you know,
because we didn't see what we thought happened.
So, okay, well, why is the guy still getting a penalty?
Before we move on from this game, all right, sorry, before we move on,
shout-out first star of the week, or it might have been second star,
Nazeem Khadri right now.
Oh, my God.
He's got 59 points.
He's third in the league in scoring.
He had eight points in the four games this week,
and in that game he assisted on the last three goals.
So, I mean, you're looking at a guy.
This is why this team's so good.
They have his depth, and the big question mark going in,
everyone will ask,
is can he just stay in the lineup when the playoffs start?
Because if he can, I do not know if anyone can beat this team.
So I'm a bit of a donkey here.
So McDermott was in the lineup.
He ended up scoring his first goal of the year.
He scored the first one for the Avs.
Their back end in their production,
I know we're getting away from the hit,
but let's stick with Colorado.
I think Cale McCarr, third or fourth youngest defenseman to hit the 100 assist mark.
So this kid continues to set records and become one of the breakthrough defensemen
of this era in the National Hockey League.
So very impressive.
And as far as the game was concerned, we saw it ramp up in the third.
And that tying goal, the play that Kadri made,
he's two points off of his career high of 61 right now.
And I think that they haven't even played their halfway mark yet.
So if he stays healthy, he's going to be well over 100 points.
And I would assume probably the the most sought
after free agent in the offseason now really oh you think i would say if he puts over 100 points
somebody's gonna have to pay him seven years nine million maybe he maybe would you rather have him
or philippe forsberg i mean i'll listen that's a very good question right now let me get back to you after playoffs
fair enough if you can keep it on the rail as hey listen 17 straight home wins for the colorado
avalanche they've been on an insane run but we'll keep harping on it they're not going to get judged
till april and may folks this is all just sunshines and rainbows right now. It doesn't matter what's going to go on.
And they could end up drawing Edmonton or Calgary in the first round,
who we both know are going to be a very difficult matchup,
especially the way that the Edmonton Oilers are playing right now.
Yeah, to your point, Trent Frederick and Nick Foligno,
those are two guys you might have expected to jump in that spot.
Neither guy was in the lineup that night, so that's probably another reason.
But, yeah, Jason all night almost did cost the abs
because Eric Johnson took that cross-check penalty, as the ref said,
three times as he was announcing the penalty.
But hell of a comeback.
Landisgaard with the game tire and Macau with the winner.
So a very entertaining game and would love to see those two later in the playoffs.
I love Johnson. After the fourth cross-check, finally the whistle goes and he turns around he's like what
it's like buddy you got fucking halsey pissing blood in the corner what do you mean what
you just you just took out his kidney for fuck's sakes like wait did you did you see that sequence
yes i did like how could you possibly do that and then turn around and have your arms out like that like you didn't do anything?
Like, was there no oxygen going to his brain?
Eric Johnson asked me 500 times at the Olympics,
are you wearing a thong?
So I got no idea when it comes to that kid.
He makes no sense to me.
I also had the Bruins in regulation plus 280.
It's such a bad beat.
Yeah, it's a bad beat. Well, anyways, we want to say get well to our pal the nate dog we hated seeing him down and bloody like that but he's
a warrior i'm sure he's going to be back out there soon we're going to miss him in vegas
this week as well so all right moving right along uh the edmondson oilers went out and signed
evander kane and i gotta give full props to, former referee. He was on the scoop very early, broke the story a while back.
He signed a one-year.
He basically got the Buffalo base biz, 750K, with the 625,000 sign-in bonus.
The cap hit is 2.1 million because basically at the time it was signed.
He does have a full no-move clause.
And also, Kane, he's only one of seven players to score 20-plus goals
in each of the last six seasons going back to 2015-16.
And then the press comments, do you guys see that clip?
Ken Holland kind of looks over and says,
I think you're going to play tomorrow night.
Yeah, that's the plan.
And Kane's like, I'm ready to go.
And then Tip's face, I was like, oh, this needs to curb your enthusiasm music.
And it was already there.
So I'm going to come right away. And it was just just kind of like you know the gm sort of made the decision
that now that's not typical i mean a gm doesn't usually dictate a lineup is like an ad it was
probably just something that he said and then afterward was like oh shit i fucked up and and
seeing tips for reaction was pretty funny but uh i'll tell you what man like one i was surprised
because i was hearing
from some people that there was potential that he was going to get suspended for the rest of the
season because of the situation of him crossing the border after being diagnosed with covid guys
like i i don't really care to get into that like there's going to be people who think that he
should have been suspended and maybe shouldn't be getting a third,
fourth, or fifth chance. I don't really know what number we're on at this point, Whit. You might be
able to keep me more on track as far as the number of times where there have been incidences with
him in the past. But for the Edmonton Oilers, there's obviously some desperation there. We
talk about constantly how hard it is to get free agents to sign there and they get the opportunity to add a 30 goal score to their lineup and a guy who under the gun last year of of you
know what he was going through was able to perform in one of his best seasons so far in the national
hockey league so bringing him over is going to help that lineup and it just adds way more depth
um i think that they were willing to accept the criticism. And worst case, Ontario, if he starts stirring things up,
maybe like he has in the past in past locker rooms,
and we can get to the stuff that was going on with San Jose
and what was said by some of their guys
and some of the things that he ended up mentioning in his press conference,
then big deal.
They put him on waivers.
He either gets claimed or he can go down,
or they just send him.
Why are you laughing?
All right.
I don't know if anyone else caught you.
You just said worst case Ontario.
Yeah.
Yeah.
It's a Ricky ism from from Trailer Park Boys.
That's all.
It's great.
I'm going to carry on.
Yeah.
That's that's stolen valor right there.
Sorry, Ricky and Bubbles.
But I just see it as a no risk situation.
And sure as shit, he goes out in his first game
with the Edmonton Oilers and pots the first goal.
So I would say that if they don't have any type of success
in playoffs, Tip's probably gone.
I don't know how much longer Ken Holland's going to be going
but I would say a lot of their future depends
on what happens with the rest of the year here, Whit.
Yeah, and looking back, I mean, now I know I would say a lot of their future depends on what happens with the rest of the year here, Whit. Yeah.
And looking back, I mean, now I know why I could never be a part of a front office or a coaching staff.
And I'm one of the co-hosts.
And I make no sense half the time on a hockey podcast because I said I'd stay away from him.
And I think at the time, mainly it was because of the ongoing second report of the entrance into Canada and how he did it and that whole drama that the league had started the new investigation on.
And I just said, stay away.
Well, it turns out, talking to some people around the league, there was like eight teams immediately in the mix.
And so it just shows, hate to break it to all you people who don't know life's like this.
hate to break it to all you people who don't know life's like this if you're great at what you do people will look past some of the warts you may have and you will be able to continue to do what
you do as long as you perform so a player like this who gets the chance to add to a team without
that team giving up anything who goes on the market is immediately going to be wanted now
I actually do agree with you because it's kind's kind of like a no-risk move because of how desperate
and because of how bad things have been in Edmonton.
Although we're going now, we're humming now.
We beat, I mean, let's be truthful.
We've beat some pretty bad teams,
including what may go down as the worst team in NHL history this year,
the Montreal Canadiens.
What a pathetic bunch.
They whooped on them.
So it's one game, he's got one goal.
But they had to do something.
And they didn't have to trade anyone, and they didn't have to go through any sort of like, how do I put this?
Drama, because it doesn't matter.
All the guys on the team, while dealing with a couple of questions from the media,
you saw the McDavid press conference, like, they don't care.
It's all Zoom, and right now it's like, we added a good
player. So you would think
with the money situation in Kane's life
and how up and down his entire
career's been,
he's going to be on his best behavior.
And so when you can add a guy who could really change
your lineup to a team that has to make
the playoffs, it really did
make sense.
I'm kind of curious as to why he chose Edmonton
if he did have a lot of other options, which it sounds like he did.
They were able to offer the most.
Oh, he did get the most from them? Okay.
Yeah, because they were able to throw in that signing bonus.
I think that most teams that were interested were willing to give him,
I think, 750 was the number.
So obviously money played a factor.
And of course like where are
you going to go where you're going to be put in a situation where he's probably told hey we're
going to put you on McDavid's line and have a big year and he goes back to free agency in the off
season now and and also like your risk as far as taking him on and I I've never played with with Kane I've golfed with him one time one-on-one he's fine
I don't know like I I didn't reach out to anybody from San Jose I didn't reach any out to anybody
from Winnipeg nor Buffalo it seems as if though him and Eichel got along when he was in Buffalo
like there was really nothing negative that that like he like he was able to say about
him but it's undeniable that he overstays his welcome and then even with the comments where
I think a few people like off the record in San Jose were just fed up of everything that was going
on there and I mean maybe a couple of them were pissed off that they weren't getting paid back
from some of the money that they lent them I don't know but you know they were obviously weren't crazy about having him on the team and then he made a comment ra and i don't
know if you have it in front of you the exact quote but i'm paraphrasing here he's basically
like well that's bad leadership at the fact that that got out of the locker room that was that was
hilarious so so so i mean ultimate fucking spin zone and let me put my fucking tinfoil hat to move even further.
Maybe the Oilers picked him up because they were having so much drama around the organization
where they're like, hey, if we bring him in, he's going to get all the focus and we're all cool.
I mean, you know, it was a bit of a shit storm there for about, what, three weeks?
To the point where we had Stauffer on having to fucking back the organization up.
And, hey, he's right.
He knew they were going to get back on track and he called it four in a row now and and to your point about
the travel the covid shit the league did investigate and they actually released a statement
earlier in the day saying that uh there was insufficient evidence to conclusively find that
he knowingly knowing knowingly made misrepresentations regarding the status or test results
in connection
so they wouldn't pursue additional discipline that was the last step i think his comment too
on that one was well basically i didn't get caught so i'm not guilty this guy is a fucking
quote machine oh yeah dude they went they were interviewing like the um what are those people
called to let you into the country border agents yeah they like
interviewed the guy that like let him in and talked to him they looked at the video camera like
they had the supplemental discipline camera going on it was it was they went all in so they were
looking to find something and then obviously it just couldn't be proved couldn't be proven that
he he knew what he was doing but there's something fishy going on there. But if he gets 20 in the last, whatever we got, 40 games, I'll buy his jersey.
I would say the only public interaction that we've heard about
is when Dustin Bufflin threw his track suit in the shower.
And that was early on in his career too.
That was a little bit earlier.
But as I mentioned, man, I just really haven't talked to anybody in depth about like how they felt about him as a teammate but you know when
you're when you're creating enough headaches uh off the ice you know sometimes it does tend to
wear on the group and and here we are edmonton oiler evander kane yeah well we'll see what
happens uh it's the fourth straight 30 goal season for leisaitl, just the sixth Edmonton Oiler to do so.
And earlier in the week, did you see McDusty's shootout winner over Saros?
I sent the link in the outline.
Oh, it was so good.
Fuck.
I mean, Saros, I worship the guy, but I bet him every game he's out there.
He's been unbelievable.
He was spectacular that game.
And then to get beat in the manner he did.
I mean, I'm sure we tweeted it out, but just an unreal highlight.
But all done with Edmonton. Anyon any final notes boys before we move along i don't know what their
schedule is here moving forward and guys we've talked a lot about the oilers i'd say the last
four pods but they've been one of the the main topics of the league with with their losing streak
with now this now they're on a bit of a heater with their start to the season so uh we'll be
able to put them on the back burner here
unless something else crazy happens.
Random little quick question.
Just give quick answers.
How many of the 32 organizations do you think have never won a Stanley Cup?
16.
All right.
Quick, all right.
11.
17.
Gee, money.
11 teams have never won the Stanley Cup.
I thought it would have been more, too.
But, yeah, so, I mean, you look at some of those teams.
Why are we going to talk about them?
The best part is one of them is Vancouver.
Oh, they never won a cup?
I didn't know that.
So.
Buffalo Sabres. We'll be talking about them earlier in the show this week.
Not for anything good, but their goaltender, Aaron Dell,
just absolutely fucking gooned Ottawa forward Drake Bathurston out of nowhere.
Guy's skating in on a four check, not expecting anything.
And Dell just fucking kind of shoulders him, sort of people's elbows him,
fucking right into the board.
Just like dirty, useless hit.
Don't know why he did it.
He ends up getting a three-game suspension.
Dell said, I was just trying to buy some time for my defenseman
and step into his lane.
I hope he's all right.
I wasn't trying to hurt anybody.
Well, Batherson ended up with a high ankle sprain.
He's going to be out at least two months.
Can't go in the All-Star game.
He's supposed to be there this week.
He's going to miss it because of the injury.
Brady Kachuk's going to step in for him.
And then the whole Buffalo goalie situation.
They've used six goalies already.
Michael Hauser was supposed to start the other night.
He had to go under the COVID protocol, but then Craig Anderson got healthy.
So they started 40-year-old Craig Anderson.
The six different goalies they've used.
But back to that hit.
I mean, what's he thinking there, man?
I love dirty goalies from the old school, but that was such a dangerous hit, the way the guy was coming in so close to that hit. I mean, what's he thinking there, man? I love dirty goalies from the old school,
but that was such a dangerous hit the way the guy was coming in so close to the boards.
Yeah, and obviously Bathurst said not expecting it.
The worst is when you see the skate blade get caught in the boards
and then the way it twists it.
I thought he broke his ankle.
I think that if goalies come out of their crease
and if they want to increase scoring, make them fair fucking game.
Stay in your fucking net. Just like lacrosse. You want to come out of their crease and if they want to increase scoring make them fair fucking game stay in your fucking net just like lacrosse you want to come out of your net and play the puck that's what i mean they created the trapezoid area so they could play it and they
didn't want them going to the corners because you'd see guys like broder or mike smith basically
be a third defenseman and go back and grab it make them make them at least stay above the goal line
where if you put it below the goal line, they can't go there.
And in this situation, I think he was kind of like right near the goal line,
but just a gutless move.
I would have liked to have seen a bit of a dust-up after that.
You may think I'm exaggerating.
I swear to God, I think that hit is up with Dale Hunter on Terjean
and Claude Lemieux on Chris Draper.
That was a fucking scumbag, scumbag move by Aaron Dell.
And what he said after was actually such a joke
because if that's, I don't even know,
like any random goalie in the league, Tuka Rast,
I'm just trying to think of somebody and says it,
like, oh, I was trying to give space to my defenseman.
Like, okay, possibly.
Aaron Dell, like two weeks before that,
skated 40 feet outside the zone
in Nashville and ran somebody over.
It's like this dude was blatantly,
did you see that clip, Biz?
No, I never saw that.
Oh my God.
YouTube it right now.
YouTube it right now.
And two weeks later,
he does this to Batherson
who's having this career year. He's on the fore And two weeks later, he does this to Batherson,
who's having this career year.
He's on the forecheck.
He's not even that close to the defenseman.
And out of nowhere, a goalie who can't be hit in the game decides to bury a guy who has no clue it's coming
and ruins his whole season.
Maybe it's because he had a high ankle sprain
and that was the beginning of the Whit Dog's End
is the high ankle sprain.
I never recovered.
So I'm very sensitive to the fact.
But are you fucking serious? A goaltenderender you're sitting there and you just bury this guy for no reason and and when he said i was just trying to create some space for my defenseman it's like no
you weren't dude because you'd already proven that you've been hitting guys this season go look at
the clip i'm talking about i'm pretty sure it was in nashville so grinelli's gonna pull it up along
with these other stats that he sent me over.
Just a dirtbag hit.
I feel bad for Baskin.
He didn't deserve that.
Senators fans are some of the most ruthless online.
So they've created this term, getting sensed.
And all of a sudden, Aaron Dell got put on waivers a few days later.
So they were just all over him on the Twitter machine.
Some of the other stats, though, I was going to ask you guys a question.
Who are the other three guys ahead of Kael McCarr
who are the fastest defensemen to 100 career assists?
I mean, number four.
No.
I'm going to go Paul Coffey.
No.
It's actually  that's why I asked you guys because it's such a bizarre list.
Larry Murphy. You might not get one name of the because it's such a bizarre list. Larry Murphy?
You might not get one name of the three guys before Kel McCarr.
Larry Murphy?
Nope.
What?
Lindstrom?
I mean, if you're saying we might not get one name, then I don't know what we could be here all night.
I'm going to start this stuff off.
Sergei Zubov.
Oh, number retired.
Great call.
Games played, 127.
The next one, Mark Howell with hartford april 1st 1981 135 games
and stefan person what the islanders in march 22nd 17 or 17 jesus christ going back to the flag
going back to the medieval times uh march 22nd 1979 and that was in 135 games also and Makar did it January 30th 2022 with 140
games so a lot of these names that you guys mentioned below uh McInnes was next in line
Larry Murphy Adam Fox Quinn Hughes Brian Leach and then Phil Housley but really cool though you
see Adam Fox Quinn Hughes and Kale Makar like three guys that are on a list with these types of names
that are now defensemen in the National Hockey League.
So we're seeing a wave of this offensive defenseman
where we're going to be seeing some very special things
from guys from the back end for years to come.
I know we went back on the whole stat thing.
Now, I would like to see this clip if you send it to the group chat.
Yeah, we've been pretty pretty blessed with on that
front um and biz i know you just said that uh dell did get waived uh and that you know the
suspension obviously cost him a few bucks uh and that's less money for to invest in his future wit
that's certainly right all right and that's why i'm here to talk to you guys again about alto
and i had this career in the nhl where I was lucky enough to make some money,
but the entire time, right from the beginning, I thought about my future. I thought about putting money away, which is what everyone should do. And I know a lot of people may say they don't love how
much money they're making at the time and they need most of what they're making to live. Well,
I'll do it. I do whatever, whatever you can to save a little bit. And that's where Alto comes in.
There are a lot of options out there in terms
of investing your money for retirement, but there's none better than Alto. If you're like me,
and you don't just want the boring stocks and all that, which can be good, but you want to get,
you know, a little bit more in your retirement portfolio, maybe some crypto or artwork or some
startup companies, it's always a great way to spread some money out. Alto is where you go.
Alto lets you invest in crypto, real estate, artwork, startups, great way. Spread some money out. Alto's where you go. Alto lets you invest in
crypto, real estate, artwork,
startups, and more. And the best part is that it's
tax advantage and can even
be tax free depending on the situation.
So if you're playing in the Chicklets Cup
who Alto's also sponsoring,
shout out Alto for getting involved with
us. A great, great move by
them and we appreciate it. So if you're
playing in the Chicklets Cup or not,
make sure to sign up at
altoira.com
slash chicklets so you can claim your prize
if you win. If you're not playing in the
Chicklets Cup, like I said, that's okay.
Sign up and start an account for as little as
10. Go to altoira.com
slash chicklets
and you can get started for just 10.
That's A-L-T-O-I-R-A dot com slash chicklets. And you can get started for just 10. That's A-L-T-O-I-R-A dot com slash chicklets.
Prepare for your future now.
Get involved with Alto.
And set yourself up for an enjoyable back nine of your life.
And boys, actually, Alto, we talked to them today.
They are going to be giving 500.
If you start an Alto account at the Chicklets Cup,
they're going to be putting 500 in that account
if you're the MVP of your division.
Never done that before.
Wow.
Alto coming on.
Alto's coming in with authority.
Fucking Aaron Dell should sign up.
Save himself some money for that suspension fine.
Now, I took a look at this video,
and he full-fledged jumps into this guy.
And two weeks later later he does it to
batherson it's like what are you doing you're not a player bro stop the puck stay in your crease
aaron dell to the goon squad confirmed holy shit he'd probably dummy me off the ice i might keep
my head up i might call him and see if he wants to join us at chicklets cup if he's gonna bring
that type of fucking player you You bring him on your team.
All right, boys, moving right along.
Another big story from the last week, and our boy Witt was there to witness it.
His pal Keith Yandel broke a 35-year-old Ironman record on Long Island Tuesday night
playing in his 965th straight game.
Almost 13 years without missing a regular season game.
Hell of a feat when you think of all his injuries, the COVID bullshit, all that stuff.
Witt, we had boots on the ground. You there, what was the night like?
Oh, it was an amazing experience.
I first off want to thank Frankie Borelli
and his dad who kept Borelli's open late
night for all of us. And unfortunately
the Flyers had to take off after the game.
It was their 13th straight loss, so I don't think
there was any wiggle room for asking if they could maybe
stick around to hang with all the family.
But we had such a great night.
And the Flyers got out to a lead.
But no matter what, the game really wasn't the reason we were there.
It was the outcome, I should say.
It was more about Keith and honoring him for what he's done.
I got to drive up there with Billy Ryan.
I've mentioned him before.
He works for the Panthers.
And our boy, the prankster, Foles, Fairway Foles on Instagram.
Check out his content.
So we, you know, we're driving up.
We had a blast.
Stopped at Colony Grill.
Shout out.
I think there's five or six of them on 95.
Chris Drury's a part owner.
Maybe the best pizza out there.
Just, it's a pizza, salads, and beer.
So a great spot.
We stopped there, had lunch, and we shared different Keith stories and just had a blast.
Then going to the game, he had his uncles there, his aunts, his nieces,
nephews, his brothers, sister.
Mike Motto joined us.
He was there.
The Rink Shrinks, Brian Yandel and Motts were there.
And it was just such a great night because as we're watching Keith
and we're seeing him during the anthem, even during warm-ups,
you saw Zdeno Chara came over to him.
And Keith was down there stretching.
He tapped him on the pads and, you know, Keith stood up.
And like almost, Chara almost gave him a little bit of a hug for certain,
hey, congratulations, this is an all-time NHL record.
The fact that you're doing this, as we all told him or tried to tell him,
Keith's so bad at taking compliments.
He's such a humble guy.
It's just I can't believe he did it.
I cannot believe that this kid, with the way his career began and
not exactly training being on the forefront he turned into a professional animal he took his
career so serious he treated everyone with respect and he hasn't missed a friggin game we got a buddy
oaky this guy he was gonna come to the game he got sick he couldn't come what he couldn't make
one game keith's made 965 our buddy jay driscoll called okie the anti
iron man which i gotta kick out of so i was i was having a great time just basically talking
to buddy yandel and his mom patty and just going over different memories and things that happened
along the way and for him to be able to go to philly and certainly the year has been a struggle
for everyone but for him to be able to get it done there. And listen, there was times when, you know, Keith said he struggled a little bit.
So they honored him and they knew that he was a part of this.
There was going to be no way he wasn't going to be in the lineup as the rumors were kind of beginning to swirl in Florida last year.
So I was just so proud of him.
But Foley, I mean, let's get back.
Let's get to Foley.
This guy was MVP of the night.
First off, this new arena, the UBS Arena, I really loved it.
It was a great building because it's old school a little bit.
The way the arena is set up, it's not enormous, but it's so new and nice
while also having an old school feel like a really new age Joe Louis Arena,
I tried to describe a little bit, but I loved it.
And the only thing is, dude, this thing, it might be in the worst location.
It might be worse than Glendale location.
It's fucking, dude, it's in the middle of nowhere.
It's like all it is is like major highways just like all around the arena.
So it's such a gong show.
As we're getting out, we don't know where the Ubers come.
We're trying to figure everything out.
We probably had 35 people with all Keith's family and everything and all the kids.
And so we all finally, it was eight degrees.
We all finally like find where the Uber is.
I turn around.
I'm like, Foles, we all got out of the arena and took a right.
This goon took a left.
He was like a mile away from us.
We had to wait for that clown.
And then we get back and we go to Borelli's.
We get back to the hotel.
So we're just having late night.
We're hot stove.
And Foles goes downstairs to get a snack and he just disappeared. So'm like oh he's done you know he's going he went to sleep
he just did the old Irish exit well next thing you know our boy Billy Ryan's getting a phone call
it's Foles he's like panicking you gotta come down and help me I think the burglar fell asleep
down there because when he woke up there was about six police officers standing over him like sir
sir you need to get out of here.
He's like, I have a room here.
I have a room.
Billy Ryan comes down to go get him.
And as they're walking away from the cops, I guess the guy at the front desk goes, he was eating all the snacks.
He owes us money for the snack bar.
So it was a scene and Foles came up.
He told us, I think I just almost got arrested.
I don't know what the hell happened.
But we had a blast.
I sent Keith and Hazy some videos from us in the room.
It was an awesome experience to see a lifelong friend,
somebody who I truly consider like family, the Yandles,
to see him break an NHL record.
I'll never forget that.
I'm so happy for him.
Congrats, Keith.
Was there a story that Foles or one of the guys brought up
that you completely forgot about that you were able to share
that you were just in tears about one thing that Keith did along the way?
Because he was a little rascal when he was younger.
Like, he was uncontrollable, right?
Oh, yeah.
I mean, he was like, dude, good luck trying to
I mean, dude, he charged the pitcher's mound in Little League. No, it or no it might have been like before little league he got pegged and charged the mound he also
hopped in on his dad when his dad was coaching i think canton high keith was like the stick boy
and all of a sudden in the middle of a brawl on the ice like swinging his stick around so there's
i mean there's a million different things like yeah i'm kind of drawing a blank but just just
comedy well i don't know if it was his rookie year but one of those like team photos it looks like an absolute
mug shot he's got the wiffle he's still got like a baby face it looks like he got arrested the night
before or something absolutely oh he was a big dude he was a fatty at one point he was yeah so
when he first got to phoenix like all samuelson, he was getting healthy scratch, and he was getting bag skated.
And then all of a sudden it just clicked.
And, you know, in my tenure with the Coyotes, and when I say
when you say tenure, is it just like the time period you were on the team?
Because it sounds like 10 years.
Yeah, tenure.
Doesn't have to be 10 years.
No, tenure is
I was there for five years.
I think that he won the most in
shape guy every single year at camp now did he train with you in the summertime with yeah he did
um what happened to you we were i don't know dude oh i was a beast i was a beast in the in the in
the wind stuff what's that called when you get the wind gate no not even that like in the o2 yes i
was good at that stuff i was good at that stuff we I was good at that stuff. We trained hard. We trained hard. Keith was just a machine, though.
He could just skate all day.
Did I see Uncle Paul in one of those pitches?
Paul was there.
I was talking about your old man.
He said your old man's one of his best friends, lifelong best friends.
So I get to see a bunch of animals I hadn't seen in quite a while.
Yeah, good stuff.
PY's the best.
So once again, congrats to Keith.
Great accomplishment.
I'm glad you were there to see it. i know he's your boy um let's see right across the river on friday night uh new
york rangers retired hank lundquist number 30 uh a long pre-game ceremony well deserved for hank and
then uh to truly honor hank the rangers went out and scored two goals that night because that's all
they ever scored when he played for them all although in their defense it did look like they
got a third one that uh the refs waved off immediately but uh biz we able to catch the the whole ceremony yeah i just
i found it fascinating like you almost forget how good lundquist was like he went a full decade time
where he was either number one and two in all major goalies statistical categories oh my god
the fact that i got that off my tongue i should, we had a fucking banner raised. But what a ceremony.
Unbelievable gifts.
John McEnroe came out.
An incredible ovation.
Probably the hottest he's ever looked.
I mean, he just looks great every time I see the guy.
Oh, he looked stunning.
They also had a ceremony, I think, the night before with his wife and his kids showed up.
So it was just all class from a great organization.
Then it was followed up by an awesome game in which, I don't know,
it was a controversial call to New York Rangers fans, not really to me.
I mean, it looked like Strom ended up jabbing the goalie's pad.
Now some people are saying, oh, he was diving on the puck.
I don't know, man.
I saw different angles on it, and it just looked like the momentum
from him getting his pad jammed in there.
And mind you, Strom had two cracks at it
where he didn't even make contact with the puck.
And I would imagine is that the original call RA,
what most people thought was that the whistle went.
And then they ended up coming to the conclusion
that it was also that his pad got pushed in.
So whether it was blown because the ref had lost sight
or because he thought that the pad got pushed in. So whether it was blown because the ref had lost sight or because he thought that the pad was pushed in,
it had been blown, and he clearly pushed it in.
No fucking goal as much as you Rangers fans want to bitch.
And trust me, you guys bitched online all night long.
Did you see the clip when they had Hank in the booth,
and they're like, oh, there's your buddy Zouk.
And he's like, yeah, just don't let him score.
And then literally right then he fucking scored as if on cue.
Absolutely hilarious clip.
Gee, do you want to roll that one in case anyone missed it out there?
Forward two as well.
There's your buddy Zouk.
Yeah, don't let that guy score.
Oh, my God.
Did I just say that?
You just did.
I mean, like, it's like when they flash during a football game.
Hasn't missed a field goal in 722 tries,
and then he goes out and shanks it just like the time.
It was perfect.
But either way, Hank, absolute legend, well-deserved wit.
I don't know if you want to chime in on.
Yeah, I sniped my first in the NHL on him,
so that probably should have got him not.
He probably shouldn't have got the banner because of that.
But I was reading an article on The Athletic,
actually about him and Zuboff, different articles, obviously.
But Arthur Staple wrote this one where he talked to a bunch of different
backups of Hank's along the way.
He talked to Kevin Weeks, Steve Valliquette.
I think Talbot was in there.
Ronta had some stories.
It's a pretty good article if you want to go check it out.
It's kind of untold stories about Hank.
The one that cracked me up was they're talking about how he always looked good.
He never had sweatpants on and things like that.
And Valaket says one of the years there, they started the year in Prague against Tampa.
But they went to Switzerland first and they played Omsk in an exhibition game.
And the league or the team had given them Reebok or Adidas track suits
that they wanted them to wear the whole time they were over there.
So Hank had it on, like, you know, going to the game, the exhibition game.
He's like, I hate this. I hate this.
I need to feel good. I need to feel my suit.
I need to be  I don't like this, Steve.
And so he goes out. I guess he played brutal.
And so they go to Prague, and then all of a sudden,
all the boys get on the bus with all
their track suits on and he's in this dapper three-piece suit he's like nope i ain't wearing
that thing and went out and gave up one goal in both games and they won them both no yeah so he's
like fuck that he always talked about like looking good feeling good playing good and
weeks he had a pretty good thing on there too that, that mentioned he's got, like, you know, he's the perfect looking guy.
He's got these beautiful kids, beautiful wife, so much money, well-dressed.
But he was like an assassin.
Like, there's, you know, this guy would go to the rink and all it was was work.
He did not care about anything else besides outworking everyone.
And the career he had was outstanding.
I mean, Olympic gold medal, Vezna, went to the cup final,
just an all-time great, a Hall of Famer, and congratulations to him.
Pretty sick to have your number raised in MSG.
And I know it's been told on the podcast before,
but one of those stats was the shutouts that he'd had in that 10-year period
and how he would always do the wine club.
So he would incentivize his players where he would buy nice wine,
and if he got a shutout, he would do a little lottery on the plane
where he'd cut up all the names, and then the stewardess would come
pick it out of the hat, and then he'd call the name,
and they'd get a nice bottle of wine.
So not only an unbelievable player with a great work ethic,
but also a great teammate who used to take care of the boys.
And he wasn't the only player who had his number go to the rafters that night.
Down in Dallas, they retired Sergei Zubov's number 56,
one of the best defensemen of his era that perhaps maybe doesn't get
as much publicity as other guys maybe because he was a quiet guy or whatever.
He played 12 seasons there from 96 to 09, 549 points in 839 games.
Of course, he won a cup with Dallas in 99,
and he did win one previously with the Rangers in 94.
The first and last start to win, number 56.
I thought that was a unique fact.
But, Biz, I'm sorry, Whit, let's go to you.
You kind of played a similar type of game.
Zuboff, dynamite player.
Buddy, no, let's hear it, Whit.
You guys are pretty similar going up the ice.
Me and Zuboff's like comparing Dan Orlovsky to Tom Brady.
It's like, what are we talking about?
Yeah, Lamborghini to a Prius.
No, Lamborghini to a fucking 10-speed bike.
I think that Zubov was so smooth and silky that he just made it look so easy.
Without being the fastest skater in the world, he just made people miss.
Also in The Athletic, I just mentioned that.
This article is written by Sad Yusuf.
I hope I'm saying that correctly.
But it talks about just his time in Dallas.
And interestingly enough, when he got to New York, he was given number 21.
And so he lit it up there.
He actually led the team in scoring in the regular season,
the year they won the Stanley Cup.
So it just shows.
I mean, this guy and Brian Leach.
I'll also have you go look at Game 7 when they beat Vancouver.
Zubov to Leach, D-to-D for a goal in that game.
They were down beneath the hash marks in the offensive zone going D-to-D.
Just a sick pass by Zubov.
I loved watching him.
Then he went over to Pittsburgh.
And I think he broke his finger,
it says in the article, and he comes back and he breaks his finger again. So he switched his number.
He switched his number, right? He was three. He was three in Pittsburgh. And so he switched it
and he just went to 56. So he goes to 56 and he goes to Dallas and he just took off. And the
crazy story about how he ended up in Dallas was the owner at the time, whose name was Tom Hicks.
He was on vacation or on a work trip, like near Russia, apparently, like near the Black Sea, where I lived on the Black Sea.
Shout out Sochi.
And the GM was Bob Ganey.
And the president was Jim Lights.
And they couldn't get in touch with him.
And he needed to sign off on all trades. They were going to trade Kevin Hatcher for Sergei Zubov Pittsburgh
Dallas and without his approval they went against it they said we can't get in touch with him but
we cannot lose out on this guy they said yes no matter what and what a decision it was because
he went on to become the best defenseman in stars history. I think he should be in the Hall of Fame at some point, correct?
Is he already in the Hall of Fame?
I don't believe so.
Let's talk about this.
How is Sergei Zubov not in the Hall of Fame?
When did he retire?
Because he's Russian, and we know how they skew the Canadian.
Him and McGill are going to share a plot.
771 points in 1,068 games, but 117 points in 164 playoff games.
I think Sergey Zubov's a Hall of Famer.
I might be a little lackadaisical on the Hall of Fame, but what a player. It says here he was inducted into the Hall of Fame in 2019.
He is a Hall of Famer.
Holy shit, I was going to say.
Here we go.
I mean, we're pathetic sometimes.
Holy shit, he was the head coach of Sochi the last three years.
I don't know if I mentioned this,
but the quickest defenseman in NHL history to get through 100 assists.
Yep, you did.
And Mark Howe, and I don't even remember the other guy,
and you just told me his name.
Slav up here.
He went in in 2019 with Rutherford, Big Ned, Vlakov, Ned Emanski,
Guy Cabanot, Jerry O'Keefe.
That makes me feel better.
That was in.
Yeah.
Well, that's why I said we'll double check.
That was a sneaky Hall of Fame induction right there.
That's like, what's his name?
Was it Brock Nelson you were surprised by?
No.
Or Josh Bailey?
No, Bailey.
When I thought he had 300 games and he had 850.
I guess we can move on. But congrats to Henrik Lundqvist.
And I felt because, obviously, Lundqvist and it being NYC,
it kind of overshadowed maybe Zubov's jersey retirement in Dallas,
but there was a really cool clip that Dallas put on their social media
on Twitter of kind of going through his tenure there.
That's not just 10 years.
That's the entire time, by the way.
So go check that out.
I think it's about four or five minutes long.
All right, gang.
There's a little bit of Canadian kindness in every sip of Labatt Blue Light.
How did it get in there?
They're Canadian.
That's how.
You can spread the love yourself by sharing a Labatt.
When you share a Labatt, you're not just sharing a beer.
You're sharing an experience that will pair with anything from hockey to a hoedown.
So next time you're watching hockey with your buds, be sure to share a Labatt.
Because while you might not all root for the same team, you can all enjoy Labatt Blue Light.
We're going to be working all season long with Labatt.
We've got tons of exciting content coming up, so be sure to grab some blue lights and enjoy while you're watching the game. All right, moving right along, we got another milestone to note.
Drew Doughty played in his 1,000th NHL game Thursday versus the Islanders. He's the
18th player from Canada's gold medal winning team in the 2010 Olympics to skate in 1,000 games. Just
to further illustrate how good that team was, he's in his 14th year as a
king on the same night quentin biefeld got his first goal uh first nhl goal and also on the
same night uh biz brett setter played his 1000th pro game for the ontario rain where he's been for
the last seven seasons so congrats to him as well i'm guessing you played with him a bit oh yeah
he's a beauty great guy i was so happy i i didn't realize he was catching up on that so uh good for him i mean
just like the longevity and and going back to la man they're not going away they got this new kid
moore have you seen him play at all wit he's starting to come along becoming like a household
name out of nowhere so trevor moore i tell you what yeah same kid i think g you said he went
went to the university of denver correct? Correct, with our guest today.
Oh, a little teaser for who's coming up.
So, I mean, as far as Doughty's concerned,
we knew he was going to get to 1,000 game.
Still playing at an elite level.
And that team looking dangerous, man.
That Pacific's a wild, wild division.
Absolutely.
And I guess Troy Terry of the Anaheim Ducks,
we're going to get to him a little shortly,
but we've got a few more stories to get to first.
A couple of signings happened, a few extensions.
Minnesota extended forward Jordan Greenway,
a three-year, 9 million extension.
The 24-year-old is in his fifth season with the Wild.
Vegas signed veteran defenseman Braden McNabb
to a three-year, 8.55 million extension.
Comes out to 2.85 million a year.
The big defenseman, he's been a fix just since the team started.
He's played 314 games for Vegas,
the second most. Averages
19 minutes, 44 seconds of ice
per game. This guy just eats minutes.
One of those guys might not put up huge stats, but
you win with guys like him.
Also, Ottawa
signed Nick Holden to a one-year
contract extension worth 1.3 million.
This kid was undrafted.
He's already got 600 games played, regular season and playoffs combined.
In Pittsburgh, extended Jeff Carter.
The 37-year-old signed a two-year extension worth 6.25 million.
Comes with a no-move clause.
He's in the last year of his 11-year 58 million deal he signed with Philly
way back in November of 2010.
If you're keeping score biz, I know you are.
That's 72.3 million for his career thus far.
He's having a nice year for a 37-year-old.
He's got 12 goals, 14 assists, and 36 games.
And sticking with the Pens for a sec,
Hextall said that Malkin, Letang, and Rust remaining with the team
is his top priority.
And Malkin says he wants to play for three to four more years,
so we'll keep tabs on that.
But Friday night, man, we got a nice little battle.
Detroit versus Pittsburgh.
And Moe Seid, Marit Seid, this rookie man, there's respect.
He doesn't give a fuck.
Exactly.
There's respect in your veterans, but there's also, hey,
this is the NHL, we're playing hockey.
And he was up in Sid's grill all night, all over him.
He just treated Sid like any old schmo out there. really seemed to get under his skin you know what I'm seeing
here I'm seeing the next Chris Pronger oh dude what five games into his NHL career he's taking
the puck off Hedman he has when I say he has no respect for his opponents it's not in a negative
way it's like I'm out here to compete against you i don't care if you're my fellow countryman i don't care if you've played a thousand games this
league i don't care if you're a future hall or famer i'm here to compete i'm here to fucking
be my own player and i'm here to be the next guy getting his fucking banner raised so i man i every
time you watch this guy play he just continues to kind of just surprise you where you're like oh my
goodness this guy and i i hate i i guess i was gonna say i just continues to kind of just surprise you where you're like, oh, my goodness, this guy.
And I hate  I guess I was going to say I hate it.
I kind of love it comparing guys to other guys.
Would you not say that there's a lot of similarities
in what we've seen so far out of this guy?
Yeah, I don't know how mean he is because Pronger was just so mean.
But in terms of the size and how he's kind of dominating games
without being the fastest player, I will too i think that i shouldn't say like that made it sound like
he's not a good skater he's a great skater he actually is one of those guys like jordan stall
a little bit where on tv you don't realize how fast they're going they don't look like they're
going that fast and you just like you see him kind of just like buzzing by guys but 29 points in his
first 45 games in the nhl on a team that's definitely overachieved
this year to stay I mean I don't think they're going to make the playoffs but I think they're
they could finish ninth in the Eastern Conference and the way he's played with Raymond it's like
the future is so bright in Detroit they have some sick prospects with him you know that that is a
guy and with you say Pronger it's like you have the horse you have that number one defenseman and
that's kind of what pronger wherever he went he was so i know what you're saying he dominates
games with and without the puck and i think he respects from what i'm told he respects guys off
the ice but on the ice it's like no fuck you like you said well i'd say your biggest concern is when
you get this offensive big defenseman if he turns out to be a little bit soft, it's kind of like, wow, it's kind of a waste of size.
I mean, it's nice to have stick on puck,
but to be the guy in front of the net
who's going to box you out
and give you that little cross check,
kind of like how Johnson did.
He's going to have opponents pissing blood in no time.
Another penguin we've talked about in the show,
Jake Gensel.
And we've always said this kid's a player
regardless of who is on his line.
Well, he's the fastest to reach 300 points out of the 2013 draft class
uh took him 338 games which beat mckinnon barkoff monaghan and horvat so just gives you an idea of
some perspective on how good this kid is again i know plays with sit a lot but we've seen him
without sit enough to know this kid's a bonaafide stud so I thought that was an interesting stat
I will say the stat's
a little misleading because Barkov and
McKinnon were playing at 18 but
it is still
it's unreal hockey that you see Gensel
playing and he's a little older as he came into the league
but he's just such a natural goal scorer
if he gets it in an area to shoot
it's like if he doesn't get a goal
the goalie's forced to make a great save.
He's just so nifty with the puck in certain areas
and great at getting open for Sid.
So I love watching him play.
And that all goes back to development too, R.A.
Like Pittsburgh, I would say Wilkes-Barre definitely top five
at least over the last 25 years of how they develop players.
I think they've been around probably 20.
Now, was Gensel a first-rounder? i don't think so was he all right so another diamond in the rough for the pittsburgh
penguins i don't know if the thought i'll check i got it right here you mentioned them keeping
rust third round 77th overall oh my goodness what a pick that what a steal give that scout a raise
i'll biz this next story is from your neck of the woods and the Coyotes once again in the news.
And by all accounts, it sounds like they're going to be playing
next season at Arizona State University using their facilities.
This is per Craig Morgan of the Go, I think it's GoPhoenix,
is the website, G-O-P-H-N-X.
He's obviously been reporting on this stuff quite a bit.
He's pretty wired in.
I mean, it almost sounds like a joke when you read this.
It's an NHL team.
They're going to play in a college arena that only holds 5,000 people.
Now, because of NCAA compliance issues, the Coyotes can't use the college locker room,
so they have to build their own team areas.
The estimated cost between 15 and 20 million.
They also need to work around Arizona State's schedule.
Of course, a lot of their games are on Friday and Saturday nights uh but making an NHL team playing a college bond
that holds 5,000 people it's just such a bad look for the league man it's like I feel bad for the
guys on the team dude like you know you're in the NHL you get to this level and now you you're
literally playing in a college stadium while you're waiting for another place to get built which it's
not even been approved yet the one in Tempe it's just a big old clusterfuck uh i guess the only people
who are probably very happy about this uh arizona state students because it's pretty awesome to have
a car have an nhl team on your campus playing frequently yeah and the players just crushing
college girls just kidding um that too i mean dude next week we're gonna be hearing that they're
playing out of the cardinal stadium, fucking 80,000 people.
Every week it's something different, and people look to me for answers.
But, guys, I'm the fucking Beagle Boy.
I show up 10 times a year to do the TV broadcast.
I used to do the radio broadcast.
As far as doing it out of ASU, you said it's 15 million to 20 million
to make the locker room set up.
They have that Coliseum close to downtown Phoenix,
which I heard that it was going to cost 15 to 20 million to do a reno on that. That seats 13,000.
There's no boxes there, which might be the problem. But I was looking for more of that
Coliseum vibe like they had with the Islanders. I want beers being thrown on the ice. I want it to smell like cigarettes.
We need to get those hardcore fans in an environment that's hostile
in order to create that vibe.
I think that if you're doing it at ASU with 5,000,
I think it looks like a little bit of a clown show.
5,000 people?
It looks like a clown show, but if you're looking for silver linings in this,
it'll probably be a pretty sick atmosphere atmosphere they'll be packed every night and and i think it would be it would be
packed in the 13 000 seat arena at the coliseum if they did the reno too though yeah but there's
gotta be something that's still i think the bill i think something was like the building was too
old there was something and all right not to not to correct you i i at oceanside i think it's uh i think it's that
the locker rooms don't meet the nhl pa and the cba standard i don't know if it's the ncaa it's
more about the nhl has to have a certain amount of rooms and space for gym and space for guys
where it's it's that's the problem not the ncaa it's just a horrific look for the league overall it's just it's just
it's and and Marchand's tweet you can all right say what he said no we're not talking about it
fuck you Brad one of the local writers like prompted him you know because he'd been on a
social media tear he says well the only way they get 5,000 fans in the games now is if they give 4,500 away for free.
So it wouldn't change much.
You fucking sandbag and son of a bitch.
Come on, Marci.
Arizona could get the first overall pick.
So whether it's Shane Wright or whoever it is, it's like,
oh, I'm playing in a college rink.
There's bigger rinks in the O.
I will say, though, at this point, if this actually happens,
like Bettman's tripled, maybe quadrupled down on this bet.
Oh, my God.
He better rig the fucking draft, and we better be getting right and Berdard.
And if we don't, I'm going to come over the fucking top ropes,
and I'm going to fucking slam dunk him with those Skechers on his feet
to the point where they pop up in orbit.
I loved his quote.
He's like, the Coyotes aren't going anywhere.
Well, they're going to be somewhere other than Glendale,
but it's going to be in the Phoenix area. It's like, the Coyotes aren't going anywhere. Well, they're going to be somewhere other than Glendale, but it's going to be in the Phoenix area.
It's like, yeah, they're fucking leaving.
They're going to the 17th place they've been since they've been there.
I don't know.
They're so pot committed to this, it's crazy.
It's like somebody has pictures of somebody where they're so committed.
I joke around about this, all right,
but for how long I've been involved with the organization,
I've heard like 20 different things that are going to happen,
and then they don't end up happening.
So I put no stock into anything that's mentioned until it actually happens.
So this might also be a tactic in order to get costs lowered
for them to go back to Glendale and holding out them.
So I don't know.
Okay.
They should just play at that outdoor rink at the bar in Scottsdale.
What was that place we went to, Biz?
Oh, Cave Creek?
No, that little outdoor club at one of the hotels.
Oh, the W.
Yeah, they should play at the W pool.
Play at the W pool.
Freeze it over.
Let me ask you, what issues would the NHLPA or players have with this?
Like if they do end up playing in this college facility,
what kind of issues would the union potentially raise?
Well, they just said it, but it's kind of dumb where it's like,
okay, well, then you make your practice facility.
Well, their practice facility right now is at the Ice Den,
and they have a gym in there, and they have a good practice setup.
I don't know.
Even there, I don't think the locker rooms are like up to NHL standards.
So for them to say that about the actual facility,
maybe that means for away teams coming in
and what they can provide.
But I mean, Whit, you've been to some of the away rinks
around the league.
Like sometimes they have a fucking like exercise band
and a couple of those.
I know, but we haven't played in like 10 years.
I think it's different now.
Oh, is it?
I think all the away rooms are like,
they have to have a certain amount of space
and equipment and all this stuff that, you know,
they can't expect like these guys to be happy about playing
unless they're young and single.
I got to think some guys aren't going to be
no, I'm going to be sad about it playing on a college campus.
Some guys are living on campus in the dorms.
Save a couple bucks too.
Why not?
Shit. All right. Let's see. Moving right right along we get some all-star updates for you uh nashville defenseman roman yosi and washington forward uh evgeny
kuznetsov they've been added to the all-star game roster to replace uh nathan mckinnon and adam fox
uh pavelski was named joe pavelski was named the captain for the central now that nate dog's out
uh let's see uh but other captains ovechkin for the metro austin matthew captain for the Central now that Nate Dogg's out. Let's see.
Other captains, Ovechkin for the Metro,
Austin Matthews for the Atlantic,
Connor McDavid for the Pacific.
Unfortunately, there's going to be no Zidane O'Chara.
I know there had been speculation they might try to get him out there
for the hardest shot thing, or just to have him there
because he's been around for so long, but that's not going to happen.
And the league just announced on Monday a pair of events
that are going to take place on the Strip. The F fountain face-off at the famous bellagio fountains in
something called the las vegas nhl 21 and 22 which looks like some sort of blackjack game i don't
know if they're shooting pucks at it or what they didn't really explain on the instagram too much
but either way it's pretty cool that they're going to incorporate the strip and some of these
vegas landmarks into doing these things like i said we can't wait to get out there it's going to be wild i know biz you
said uh what you want what a squid game style event or something i think i think they should
keep changing it up so i like how they're being creative they're bringing in uh manon rayon
um the first uh first female to ever play net in an nhl it was an exhibition game but nonetheless
um she's going to be there.
Zegers is going to be there.
You're going to name off the other two,
but I think moving forward.
Yeah.
Why not create,
get more players involved?
Cause I think that a lot have been trimmed off at the three on three.
So get more players involved and maybe do it a two day event where on the Friday,
you create all these little events where it's individual stuff where you have
to compete maybe on time or, you, or individual when you're actually going.
But you're competing against the other team based on time and how you can execute.
And then other teams get knocked out based on performance.
So maybe some players on which teams are put on on the Friday events
don't qualify to move to the Saturday events and then maybe the
eventual the eventual final is in fact a three-on-three game or a five-on-five game and
however they want to do it so I just think that moving forward they should try to incorporate
more players because everybody's like oh look at all these guys getting snubbed so I figured yeah
well you could put more bodies in it you can have them drop off after the first event.
And then on Saturday, if you want to bring them back,
you can kind of incorporate these different new events year over year.
Like you just said that they're creating these two new ones.
Well, man, think of how many little silly things you could do.
Like maybe like a rebound game, like after practice.
Like that would be a quick one that they could compete in.
Like the puck drop from the top of the stratosphere that would not that would not make any sense then what
would you do with the puck that's being dropped all right i'm just trying to empty our world here
biz that's no do you agree that doing kind of like this like hunger game slash squid game style
would be something that they should incorporate in the past or in the future. I mean, yeah, absolutely.
I've been saying that, like when we first mentioned Zegers as a special guest, I think that's a great idea.
And you just mentioned my known my known Ray home.
And they're also bringing in Wyatt Russell.
Of course, he's the son of Kurt Russell and Goldie Hawn and Jocelyn Lamoureux Davidson, who scored the decisive shootout goal back on the U.S.
Women won the gold at the last Olympics.
So they're going to incorporate these folks into, you know, the different events.
So, yeah.
Hey, the more the merrier, man.
It does like you don't have to be an all-star to take part.
Just come out and have some fun and showcase the game and, you know, all the good stuff about it.
And the reason I say that is because we're in this like tick-tock era.
So in order to grow the game, if you're doing these these individual skill things they transform better online where attention spans are lower and look at the effort that these guys give in the
three-on-three anyway like that's why i said maybe make it like the final event where they play
against each other but you know most times these guys are getting rolled out there with and they're
not like they're just you know stick checking guys they're so hungover usually too after the skills
game they're getting after it there's some sick parties but
but think about think about what garners the most attention of people talking online
fastest lap like keep that those types of things involved but maybe incorporate
different individual skill events even maybe on the second day where where you can kind of keep
that whole theme going i like well i like the rebound idea because rebound, for people who don't know,
you line up three guys on each side of the goalie
and then there's a shooter in the slot.
You shoot it on net.
If you score, it's two points.
If the goalie saves it, you then can pass, I think, once,
maybe twice after each rebound,
and it's basically the six or seven guys versus the goalie.
The way he wins or gets a point is by the puck going over the goal line
or him making a save and it hitting the boards on the other side.
So the way I'm describing it, it's kind of confusing,
but if you've played hockey, you've probably played rebound,
and it's a blast for after practice, and it's entertaining too.
So that's something that could be pretty sick.
It'd be tough for goalies, though.
Goalies might be like, no, I'm not getting hurt playing rebound
at the All-Star game.
Well, talking about viral stuff, the Michigan goal,
that's something we've been hearing about, talking about for a long time.
And our boy Trevor Zegers pulled it off versus Montreal the other night.
Just another unreal highlight from this kid,
and that's a perfect example of why he's going to be in Vegas.
And then they talked to Torts about it,
and they said, oh, the Canadian media is going to give you shit.
Oh, they didn't say give you shit, give you grief.
He's like, Canadian media can kiss my ass to what's said,
which is just fucking absolutely hilarious quote out of him.
But back to Zegers.
I mean, he pulled it off.
It seemed like it was inevitable that this was going to happen.
And I'll say it looked like the most fluid one I've ever seen
and how he did it.
And, gee, I don't know if it was in that same game where he
ended up walking like two or three other guys. He went to the backhand, didn't end up scoring, but
I said it probably six weeks to two months ago. I said, if he's able to pull this off after doing
the alley-oop thing over the net, I think he's going to be the highest selling jersey this year
for a kid, you know, in his rookie rookie year i would say the only thing holding it back
is the fact that the the jerseys kind of suck do they not suck awful we've said it before if there's
any team that could go with a full rebrand like name logo colors everything it's the ducks when
they got bought what disney sold them that's that was the opportunity to do it and they didn't
and plus number 46 that's kind of a tough number, too, I think.
Yeah, but I don't think they care about the numbers in terms of when it's just the player's last name.
That happening in an empty building, by the way, was a disgrace.
It was a joke.
It was a disgrace.
When does Canada have fans again?
Does anyone know?
I don't know.
But even, why don't you roll the clip of Matthews kind of throwing shade, too?
Oh, this is unreal.
Go out for the next shift, have a good shift on the following play
and try to obviously turn around the momentum
and try to feed off the atmosphere a little bit.
So right there, guys, just a little subtle chirp at the end, you know,
talking about the atmosphere.
Matthews is just perfect at just making it making it be
known for everyone out there who's not sure these players are disgusted they're pissed off they're
annoyed and they're disgusted that right now in canada there's empty buildings it's it's we've
talked about this we don't have to go into it but enough is enough because that and i don't know if
the building would have been full in montreal considering how bad they are but it would have been a hell of a different atmosphere after
ziegers pulled that off as opposed to just like high-fiving your buddies and hearing the one guy
that was up in the press box yelling and screaming nice goal and i will say it's a it's a three-headed
race or probably four-headed race now as far as rookie of the year is concerned and well actually
you know five because you could throw Bunting in the mix
after his hat trick.
He's now tied for the rookie leading goals.
Bunting is not in the race.
He's not in the race.
Fuck you, dude.
He plays for the Leafs.
He's always in the race.
No, he's not.
No, he's not.
Kaprizov won it last year, and he's 42.
Exactly, and it got brought up so much that it won't happen again.
Bunting has zero chance of winning Rookie of the Year.
I know you're a Leafs forever guy.
It's just not happening.
Will you get the other ear pierced if Bunting wins Rookie of the Year?
I'll get my cock pierced if Bunting wins Rookie of the Year.
Oh.
Print it.
Print the shirts.
Clip it to fucking Twitter.
Prince Albert.
My wife might like that, actually.
Get the little vibrator on the end, the little French tickler.
I had a buddy in college who did that.
I don't know why.
No way.
Oh, shocker.
Yeah, it was you, R.A.
You're just saying it was your buddy.
No, my buddy, he did it.
It was actually at the base of his hog.
Yeah, he had that.
And then there was a girl who had her lower parts pierced,
and everyone on campus, her nickname was Clit Ring.
Like, that's what everybody, like, they didn't even call her her real name.
Like, oh, hey, Clit Ring.
Like, they'd literally say it to her face.
She would show people, too.
She's a wild one, that Clit Ring.
That's North Adams State for you.
I'll get one clipped onto my 4Z if he wins it with, so it'll be kind of like
a lip ring for my cock.
Alright, moving right along.
Hey, but there was one other
thing. So now we're starting
to see the Mishasonk.
Oh, the Huberdo. That's the new wave.
Huberdo did it and another guy
has done it where they fake doing the Michigan
pickup and then they end up just feeding a guy
in the slot and a lot of people taking it hook line and sinker including the goalies because all of a
sudden they come up a little bit and they maybe start protecting the top of the net expecting it
and then it's right on everything the game stands for up is i can't have it yeah and then torts with
these takes man i mean come on man like what's it ruining? Did he dog that goal too?
Yeah, he kept going with the integrity of the game bullshit.
It's just like, holy fuck, man.
They're fucking goals, man.
They're goals.
So the Southern California team is busy.
I was saying at the beginning of the year,
not a lot of people had these teams doing too well, LA and Anaheim.
But right now, Anaheim is second in the Pacific.
Kings are third.
Kings have had a resurgent Anze
Kopitar Iafalo's been lighted up uh Adrian Kempe and Arvidsson was a great pickup for them
Quicken Peterson you look at their numbers they're not too like spectacular but they've been a pretty
formidable one too but the Ducks that's who we're here to talk about right now uh they've been
getting tremendous contributions up and down the lineup like we said Troy Terry who we're going to
bring on very shortly,
41 points, Trevor Zegers, Getzlaff.
Talk about another guy having a resurgent year.
Shattenkirk on the back end having a fantastic year.
He's been awesome this season.
But their MVP may well be Gibson in between the pipes.
This guy's been incredible.
15-10-7 record, 9-2-2 save percentage, 2-5-1 goals against.
But there was a tweet, I think, what's his name?
Dmitry Filipovich sent that out earlier.
His last nine starts, he's been absolutely through the roof, John Gibson.
But I think he'd be the MVP of this team so far.
What are the stats, all right?
Do you want to pull them up in the mix?
So he had a couple, I would say probably like three or four bad starts there
about a month six weeks
ago and then lately every time I look they're getting out shot like 45 to 20 and they're winning
games 2-1, 3-2 so I mean we keep talking about uh about the guy in Tampa we keep talking about
Saros we keep talking about Shusterkin who's probably in in the lead right now for the Vesna. But I tell you what, if Gibson's able to keep this up,
he's going to be up there in the top three for sure, man.
Very impressive.
And he's always been their backbone there.
I thought maybe if things didn't go according to plan,
he would maybe be a little bit of trade bait.
But at this point, there's no fucking way that they're letting that guy go.
Yeah, from Dimitri Filipovich john gibson since the holiday break and he he posted this on the 29th
nine games uh five on five save percentage 953 overall save percentage 944 faced 32.8 expected
goals only gave up 18 of them stopped 92 of of 100 high-danger shots he faced,
stopped 85 of 89 shots in his last two games.
What is an expected goal?
Like high, high-quality scoring chance.
Yeah.
Like if you get a slot chance or like a breakaway and they evaluate it.
I mean, it's analytics, but, I mean, you've got to watch the game tape and see if it's legit.
It's just like a new stat that they can calculate how well goalies are playing.
Now, when Hellebuck won the Vezna, that was one of the biggest reasons why,
is they were just giving up odd man rushes and he was just standing on his head.
Yeah, it's just like, not to play devil's advocate,
but if it's a breakaway or a grade A scoring chance and it's Malkin or it's a defensive defenseman,
it's like they look at that the same in the stat.
That makes no sense to me.
All they look at is the chance.
They don't look at who's getting the chance.
So expected goals, to me, seems a little foolish.
But that's not to take away Gibson.
I'm just thinking out loud.
I never really thought about expected goals.
Oh, you mean you hate analytics?
No, I don't hate them.
I think at times it's like that's kind of an example of like,
what do you mean expected goals?
A lot of gray area.
A lot of gray area.
Yeah, and Anthony Stolaz has been a pretty damn good backup as well.
He's been no slouch either.
So you know what?
Instead of talking about it ourselves,
we're going to bring on Troy Terry to talk a little bit more about the Ducks but first we want to let you
know that his interview is brought to you by Blue Nile I know Valentine's Day is just around the
corner but perhaps you're thinking of finally popping the question but you're not sure how to
proceed well that's why you want to go to bluenile.com if you're seeking a fine piece for a
gift but you're having trouble choosing blue nile has
jewelry experts on hand 24 7 via phone or chat to help you find a memorable gift at every budget
and if you're looking to sign your partner up to a lifetime deal blue not blue nile has
simple online tools that let you choose the diamond shape size and clarity as well as setting
style blue niles bench jewels will then build the
perfect engagement ring because each is one of a kind so make your moment sparkle with jewelry
from bluenile.com and spitting chiclets listeners get 50 off of 500 this podcast exclusive is only
good through valentine's day and includes. So use the code CHICKLETS, that's code CHICKLETS, C-H-I-C-L-E-T-S.
Plus, every order is insured, ships free, and arrives in discreet packaging
that won't give away what's inside.
Shop stress-free and find your forever peace.
Go to BlueNile.com today.
I've got a couple beautiful pieces for my wife there.
She absolutely loves them, and I guarantee you, your significant other will as well.
So bluenile.com, and now enjoy Troy Terry.
All right, I'd like to welcome our next guest to the show.
This forward was taken in the fifth round of the 2015 draft by Anaheim,
then went on to win gold at the World Juniors
and the National Championship with the University of Denver.
He also represented the U. U S at the 2018 Olympics.
Currently in his fifth season with the ducks,
he's already established career highs and goals assist in points while leading
the team in points.
So thanks a bunch for joining us on the spitting chickens podcast, Troy,
Terry, how's it going, man?
That's good. Thanks for having me guys.
Top a pleasure. And you actually just broke some great news to us.
You have voted in as the last man in for the Pacific division. So you are officially an all stock. Congratulations, my friend.
Thank you. I appreciate it. I honestly, I mean, especially with, you know, some of the Canadian
markets and everything, I, I didn't really think that the whole vote was going to go my way. And,
you know, you've got guys like JT Miller and my buddy Matthew up there. So I was kind of a little surprised by it, but it's pretty cool for me.
I mean, if you told me I was going to be an All-Star before the year started,
I don't know if I would have believed you.
So it's pretty cool for me.
Does that make you feel a little bit better after your Dallas Cowboys
completely fucking blew that game or what?
Oh, Rudy told me he mentioned to you guys about that,
so I knew it was coming.
Let's talk Cowboys, man.
What the hell is going on?
I mean, he's named after Troy Aikman, for Christ's sake.
Yeah.
No, it's been honestly  I don't mean this in a joking way at all.
I needed a pick-me-up still from this weekend.
I've never seen a game like that.
I was literally on the floor like banging the floor i'm like
spyler like clock it whatever when and the ref runs into him and i was just losing my mind
my dogs were all over me because i was a scream and it was it was a weird day but
um that team i it's it's tough for me because they always give me hope
like cam i live with cam and he's a lions fan and it's hard for him but at least you know at least
like they don't they don't give him hope you know like my team my team i think they're gonna be good
and then it's just either we just miss the playoffs or we lose in the first round and
it's always in that kind of fashion so are you a dac believer because i am a dac believer i heard you i i heard you
tweet at him and stuff like i direct message him i i send him everything i can does he respond
no he does not um we went to uh we went to the uh uh chart they played the chargers in LA, like right.
I think it was right before training camp. So it was kind of a go day for us.
So we all like a bunch of us went up there and we took like a sprinter van up
there. And I was pretty banged up already,
like before we got there and I was just sending him messages on Instagram and
everything. Also like 30 minutes
before the game like he would see them but uh yeah i bring a sign color a sign i love dac
no i uh right i i've been trying for years with him and zeke to get their attention but but they
won't give me any love yeah i love how you're like it's 30 minutes before the game so he didn't see
it but like he's on his phone 20 minutes before, I love how you're like, it's 30 minutes before the game, so he didn't see it, but he's on his phone 20 minutes before the game on TV.
You're like, oh, he's definitely seen that.
He's like, I see him looking on the sidelines at his phone.
What the hell is going on?
He already made us wait for this interview, folks, at home,
because he was DMing him, hey, I just made the All-Star game.
If you want to respond to me now, I'm more legit.
Honestly, I feel like all the just trying to get accolades and all that,
it's not even for me.
It's just to try and get them to notice me.
Okay.
So Rudy did tell me one other thing and I wasn't going to bring it up, but you seem
like you're pretty self-deprecating and admitting that you're DMing Dak Prescott nonstop.
Now you ended up, I don't know if you're engaged yet, but you're still with your high
school sweetheart, but you guys broke off a little bit.
And then he said, for the three years you guys were together, would constantly remind him you're like I need to get back with my
girl I need to get back to the point where you full court press and now you got her back
it was a full court press um it was fun it kind of became like like don't get me wrong it was like
it was full court press, but, um,
it kind of just became like a, like a joke too, with,
cause the guy like Rudy and all those guys knew her and everything. And it was kind of a running joke that I was just full court pressing it.
And then like, I remember being kind of like my first time in pro hockey,
actually my first time with like older guys was at the Olympics. Um,
and I was always like curious how that dynamic would go.
Like, what do I talk to these guys about? And they,
like they kind of just love hearing about my girl issues pretty much was kind
of how I figured out I was going to relate to them. And yeah,
like at the Olympics, like if I'd score or whatever, and they'd be like, Oh,
Danny's watching Danny's watching danny's watching and
then and then it got carried into like pro hockey here and it kind of just became a whole thing and
then now that we're back together it seems a little fucked up actually but um because like
whenever i talk to people about it like i think in san diego we had a power play breakout that was
named after her um and she's like i wouldn't have got back with you had i known
you were talking about me this much but we were apart i think it was the power play breakout that
got her back but it's funny because now i talk about it and we're like actually together and
it seems a little messed up now but who is the vet that you would go to the most uh regarding
all this advice to get her back and what and what was his actual advice and then
how did you get her back well at the you know who was a huge part of it was um well brian gianta was
a huge part of it he uh he just loved hearing about it uh and then luke shen my first year
when i was down in san diego he was like anytime we'd get you know go out on the town or anything
he'd just he'd be in my area he's like you gotta call get you know go out on the town or anything he'd just he'd be
in my area he's like you gotta call her you gotta call her you gotta call her and then there's a few
times that it actually didn't go my favorite caller and it'd be like one in the morning
wouldn't go so good but um but just a lot any other anybody else answer on the other end ever
uh no luckily that that never happened but i don't think i
helped myself with the phone calls at one in the morning with luke shannon my ear telling me what
to say but um just a lot of perseverance and then um it's funny because like especially that first
year in san diego is when it was like really it was it was full press and i feel like i need to
invite like all of them to the wedding now even, even guys I don't talk to anymore,
just because they were all such a big part of it.
You think that first year is because you left school early after your junior
year and,
you know,
not being in the NHL is a little tough if,
if maybe you had expected that.
So you're down in the minors,
you miss your old girl,
kind of one of those things where I wish I was in the show.
Yeah.
I mean,
there was,
there was some low points that year, I guess you could say with being sent down, I'm in the show. Yeah, I mean, there was some low points that year,
I guess you could say, with being sent down.
I'm in the minors and yeah, exactly.
But it was, I mean, it was hard,
like from a life standpoint,
but it was just like, it almost made it harder
because it came such a joke
that the older guys all thought it was funny
how much I'd talk about it and all that.
So then like, usually like you break up with someone, you miss your ex, whatever, like you don't talk about it and all that so then like like usually like you break up with someone
you miss your ex whatever like you don't talk about it that much but like because I was trying
to relate to these older guys and they all thought it was so funny it was like I talked about her
every day so it was just every day it was just a reminder of it that's so funny let's so let's go
back to this year you're having and the fact that you so were you voted last man in? Yeah. So I, uh, I was voted last man in. Um, I mean, I,
I gotta give the ducks media guys credit. They were,
they were full court press in that. Um, but yeah, so it,
from my understanding was, um, I, I won the, I guess it was a,
it's a total fan vote. So I guess I won that fan vote. So, so yeah, so I, I'm going to Vegas.
Well, you can, you can be honest. I mean, I certainly was shocked.
It was like kind of you,
Kadri and Crosby were the three names really going on Marshawn as well in
terms of guys not making it.
So I know you're not thinking about that playing games,
but at some point when the team was announced,
you must've been a little surprised you weren't on there.
I mean, I, I understand how it goes, but like for me, I mean,
I know like Crosby and Marshawn,
I'm sure it's still a huge deal to them, you know, but like, I feel,
I don't know how many all-star games like Crosby has been to, but like,
for me, you know, the kind of, it's not like, it's like, I'll tell you
like any other hockey player, like, I just want the team to do good. And that is the case. But
for me having the season and everything, like to be an all-star, I mean, it's pretty cool to me.
I mean, I didn't expect to be here and I've just kept it rolling and, and it was a little
disappointing. Like, like it's something that
you know who knows like uh when I'm done playing hockey I'll be able to say that I'm an I was an
all-star so it was just something that um you know was something that I thought would be pretty cool
for me and um I I but I do understand like, you know, how the whole system works and it being in Vegas.
So, like, it was just like an accumulation of things that were kind of going against me.
So I kind of understood that.
But it was something, like, I'm not going to tell you that it didn't mean much to me.
And, you know, like, it is something that's pretty cool to me.
I mean, you've been absolutely tearing it up this year.
You've already tripled your goal output from last year in 10 fewer games.
What changed from last year? Is it confidence approach? Nothing at all.
Like what's different.
Yeah. I mean like confidence for sure. I mean, it's,
it's one of those things like, I don't know how much, I mean,
you guys watched last year and all that but
um you know last year I felt like like last year I was getting scratched I was in and out of the
lineup the first like half the year um and then I kind of I felt like I kind of figured it out
and I don't know I felt like I was you know doing I wouldn't I don't think I'm doing anything that
much different this year other than you know when I'm't I don't think I'm doing anything that much different this year other than
you know when I'm getting these opportunities I just I'm not surprised by them anymore I'm
ready for them and just have more confidence in those situations and for me I don't want to say
I'm a mental midget but I definitely have always kind of righted my highs and lows like if I had
you know three points I would you know be on the phone with my
parents just yelling and screaming I'd be this is the best thing ever and then I'd have a bad game
and it'd be like I'd just be so hard on myself so that was kind of my biggest thing is this year is
I just kind of I mean there's been some stretches this year I haven't had any points and and just
kind of approaching it the same way it's's also easier to, you know, handle the times when points don't come when you've got some banked up. But that's kind of
been my biggest thing. I mean, I didn't. I'm surprised by how many goals I had. I'm not going
to lie to you and say that I expect it to be where I'm at right now. But it was a year that I was
coming into and I was excited to just kind of, you know, have the confidence that I found last year to start a year.
And then things just kind of started off hot and I've just kind of just been rolling with it.
The high and low period, was that something that you just kind of self-reflected on and figured out on your own?
Or did you did you like go to talk to anybody about that?
Well, my first year when I was in San Diego whether it was for the the other things
we talked about or for hockey there was there was like someone we had down there to talk to and you
know I was it was something that I've always had trouble with is I would just be so hard on myself
and you know and and I felt like I was playing good hockey like I'd have all these chances and
I just I just couldn't score I mean the goalies. And, you know, and I would just get so frustrated.
And it takes people different amounts of time to kind of figure that out.
But it's definitely just been something that I've kind of just had to figure out on my own through trial and error pretty much.
I know we kind of bounce around through these.
Sometimes we start at the beginning.
Now, when you were at Denver, you had Montgomery.
And when you stepped in there your first year, I heard you struggled a little bit, too, maybe with the physicality of playing against men at that age, and you struggled.
Do you think that that played a big component in you trying to get adjusted to pro hockey in your time down in San Diego?
Yeah, I mean, I feel like I've always been someone that's kind of, it hasn't just, just like clicked for me right away like I've kind of been someone
that needs to like feel comfortable and just kind of like kind of like just feel comfortable like
for me and our like you guys watch Z play you know like he's got no matter what happens he's
gonna keep trying to do the same things he always does like if it works if it doesn't if the coaches yell at him if we yell at him like I'm envious of it and I was never that
way like I felt like I had to just work as hard as I can and do everything right and earn like
my teammates respect and like the coaches respect before I felt like I could really
play my game and like open up and
try like the creative plays that I like to do and that type of stuff and like I wish it didn't take
that for me because it did take longer I mean even last year I was in and out of the lineup and
you know it's hard to just go back in the lineup and just be like okay well I'm a skill guy and
just go play my skill game and um but that's kind of the issue that I always had.
It was just like I felt like I had to do everything right
to get the coaches' trust and my players'
like my teammates' trust and all that
before I could kind of open it up and like play my game.
Like if I  last year if I had a first shift,
I did something good and I felt like I was in a good position
with the coach and the teammates,
like then the rest of the game I felt like a different player. I position with the coach and the teammates. Like then I, the rest of the game, I felt like a different player.
I'd be kind of playing my own way, but like,
if I would have had a turnover my first shift,
I'd just be in a shell the rest of the game, just trying to, you know,
make up for it. And this year I just, I just kinda,
I don't care as much about, you know,
the things that don't go my way or that type of thing. I just,
and it helps to have validation that what you were like, what you're, what I'm good at
works at this level. So like, I know that, you know, if it doesn't work that if it doesn't work
one time that, you know, I can fall back because what I'm doing is working and not getting so
upset about it. We we've talked a lot, a lot on, on this show about how it's so far and few between with the guys that really come out and dominate at 21 years old, 20 years old in the NHL.
It's so crazy.
It happens more often now.
But you're a perfect example of a fifth round pick.
First year in college, seeing it out.
Then all of a sudden you become over a point per game guy.
Get to the pro level.
Not all the time in the NHL, but you become over a point per game guy in the AHL.
And then now you're doing it in the show.
So I think in the end, you're really somebody that once you get acclimated,
once you get used to it, you know what you can do.
It's just about getting to that level at the beginning.
Yeah. I mean, that's exactly how it was actually funny.
So my first college game, when I came into DU,
I think I started on the first line with Trevor Moore and Dan Heinen.
And we played Air Force in Air Force.
And I don't know if you guys have had the chance to watch the Air Force Academy play hockey, but.
They kill people.
There's not a whole lot of creativity going on on that team.
They're pretty meat and potatoes.
They're going to run you through the glass.
They're going to block shots with their face.
They're just like, and it was kind of like, it hit me right away.
Like, oh my, this is a different level.
And I feel like that year was kind of a whole adjustment period.
I felt like at the end of that year, I kind of figured it out.
And it's been the same, like you said.
I just, I feel like, I wish I wasn't this way, but I feel like I've always just kind of had to out and it's been the same. Like you said, I just, I feel like I wish I wasn't this way,
but I feel like I've always just kind of had to feel my way through it and
just get comfortable before I kind of play with the confidence that I need to.
Hasn't really helped you come along as a pro,
whether you want it to hear it or not.
Yeah. I mean,
gets you someone that I just always looked up to, even before I was drafted the docs, I thought he was, I mean, Getzey is someone that I just always looked up to.
Even before I was drafted to the Ducks, I thought he was
I mean, you guys know his resume.
He's something else.
But I didn't expect to become so close with him just off the ice.
I mean, he's like one of my best friends on the team.
I don't know if he'll say that or not, but I'll say it.
But he really has meant a lot to me
well it's funny too because when I came into the league I used to just get
you know our management and everyone was all over me because I would always pass I would never shoot
and I was just a pass first guy and I think that kind of resonated with Getsy too because
that's kind of been his whole career. And, you know,
I feel like he just kind of took me under his wing because he saw potential
there and that they were always all over me to shoot the puck more.
And it's funny to think about now, because this year I feel like I just shoot,
I don't pass anymore, but, but that's kind of why I feel like he kind of took me under his wing.
And, you know, the things I have obtained from him just as a man, too,
just off the ice is I can't say enough about.
Troy, we can hear you playing with your video game controller there
in the background.
So if you don't mind not playing with that because it will bug the viewers.
I think it was a pen, but I just figured i'd bring up the video game action because apparently you're a
nut when it comes to fifa we were talking to rudy who we've rudy who we've had on the show before
uh grinnelly what were the dating apps or the dating thing we were doing with him rudy did a
sponsored hinge segment which was uh quickly canceled yeah we got we got
a cancel he got us in trouble because he was getting laid too much and hinge wasn't happy
about it he wasn't spending enough time on the app he was spending too much time balls deep
uh why why are you so obsessed with video games i mean i rudy mentioned fifa i i feel like there's
always one game that i just get like addicted to pretty
much and it was fifa for me in college rudy used to see i i wasn't making any money back then too
and that game is such like a pay to have a good team in the game whatever my mom used to used to
drive my mom nuts because she'd see all the credit card charges and all this because i'd be buying
packs and all that and it's something i'm not proud of anymore but um yeah I mean I've just I've always been a video game guy and then pro hockey hasn't been
the best thing for me because I just sit around at home all day but um now I'm playing like baseball
on it I play I play all those games I've always been kind of a gamer. I lived with Jonesy, Max Jones, at Cam's house.
And like me, he's the same way.
So we just kind of feed off each other,
and it's a lot of video games going around,
whether I'm proud of it or not.
I read you were part of a fantasy bachelor league.
That's actually a thing?
How does that work?
Oh, we used to do it in college.
that's actually a thing how does that work oh we used to do it in college um pretty much you just you watch the uh you know the first night they all come out of the like the or they all pull up
whatever pretty much you watch everyone's entrances and then you pause the show and you just have a
full-on draft um And there's like scoring.
That's something I haven't done in a while either.
But I remember at Rudy's house in college, they used to put the pictures up on the wall.
They'd print out pictures of all the contestants
and they'd be on the walls and there'd be a full draft.
It was a whole event, actually.
So, you know, playing at Denver,
you get to win a national title there.
You're from Denver, which is such an improving hockey market.
I feel like you see way more kids coming out of there,
but was it your dream from the time you're 12 years old to play for the
pioneers?
Oh yeah.
I'm a,
if you ask anyone around our organization here,
I'm,
I'm very obnoxious,
but I got a tattoo on my,
on my rib cage.
I couldn't stand those guys.
I am one of those guys.
You're worse than an OHL guy.
He's an OHL guy for the, for the NHCH,
whatever the hell the conference is now.
The NCHC. But yeah, I, I, I was, I grew up going to DU games.
That was like, that was kind of like the abs tickets were expensive,
you know? So that, those were kind of the games that I'd go was kind of like the abs tickets were expensive you know so that those
were kind of the the games that I'd go to when I was young and I was a freshman in high school or
I was young when uh I remember Colorado College was always like the enemy the rival and they came
to one of my like U16 games or something and and then pretty much they called me to have a sit-down,
which I still don't know if they were or not,
but I assumed that they were going to offer me.
Pretty much DU found out about it and then called me in.
It was still Gwazdeki.
The DU offered me, and it was the only offer I ever got.
It was the first offer, and I accepted it on the spot.
So it was the only place I wanted to go.
And then Gwazdeki actually got fired like a week after I committed.
So I was kind of unsure if I still had a scholarship or not.
You gave him a full ride?
That's full Nick Saban right there,
just finding out about the other college and coming over and cock blocking.
Yeah, not that they wanted me.
No one else could have me.
What's that?
I don't even know if they had seen me play at that point.
I think they just didn't want CC to have me.
So growing up in Denver too,
you got some chance to play on joe sackick's kids
minor hockey team and i hear stories about during the lockout him coming on the ice with you guys
you guys would go over to joe sackick's place he would sometimes put on the goalie pads and you
would get the shoe on joe sackick yeah i mean i remember my dad he came up to my dad because it was during the lockout year I don't
know how old we we had to have been like seven or eight we were really young um I remember he told
my dad he was like I I think your sons could be a really good hockey player and um so that was
always special to me I do remember going over to his house. And so he put on the full goalie pads.
We were in the driveway.
And me and his son Mitch would shoot on him.
And there was a net that was like, I don't know, so far away.
And basically, if he made the save, you could just tell how competitive he was.
He couldn't just let us shoot on him like there was a way for him to win like if we shot on him and he made the save he
would drop the gloves and then rip a puck like at the net that was like I don't even know how far it
was it was far so like if he made the save his way to beat us was like he had to rip the puck at the
net that was like way far away and that i mean i feel like at that age
too i didn't appreciate how cool it was until i got older and but it's definitely one of the
cooler memories i have of him and i was i mean he's he's exactly what you guys think he'd be he's
super humble guy um just quieter and just just, I was always impressed by him.
He's the reason I wore number 19.
Oh, Mr. Sackick.
You wanted to be a goalie at first, didn't you?
Yeah, I think I started as a goalie.
I started, I was a big inline hockey guy growing up
and I was playing goalie for a while.
I don't think my dad, my dad had a harder time
with me playing goalie than I did actually.
I feel like goalies are tough on parents.
But I think he pretty much made me switch.
I heard it's because you have a body like a milk bag.
When you were drafted, you had a Tom Brady body.
That's why you went in the fifth round.
R.A. and I aren't saying shit right now.
I always joke.
I didn't get invited to the Combine.
And I think if i got invited to the
combine i probably wouldn't have gotten drafted another guy he talked about joe sackick saying
that to your father another guy uh even before i think you'd made your impact in the nhl was paul
korea when he was asked about some of the prospects in the system he says i think this
troy terry is going to be a very special player and so obviously that i feel like these guys who were special players when they see a
special player they're able to tell right away there's just something about him that's going to
make him last in the nhl yeah well i mean that's paul's been someone that i feel like paul is
someone that you know with everything he doesn't come around very often I don't get to see him that
often I mean like Taimou shows up every once in a while but Paul is someone that you know it's just
a he's a huge deal in our organization and he's someone that I know has always been a fan of mine
because I know him and him and Jim Montgomery were line mates back in college and they're good
buddies so that's how he uh so I know that's how he used to watch me line mates back in college and they're good buddies so that's how he
so I know that's how he used to watch me when I was in college before I even came to the
organization and everything so he's been someone that I feel like means a lot to me but I don't
I've only met him like one time but I know he's a fan of mine and I'm a huge fan of his so he's
he's uh um you know he's a guy that i looked up to
like crazy growing up so it's cool to have all these guys you know say things about you and
i just wish that i believed in myself a few years ago and it took me a little
little less time to figure it out um the the team you're you're talking about 1993 main one of the
best documentaries for college hockey
I think ever created out of the woods must be on YouTube it's the season-long following I'm sure
I'm sure you've seen that right yeah it's great and it's it was fun for us too because Monty had
hair back then and all that so it's uh it is a pretty cool documentary. So there's also a bit of a fun fact.
The last time before you ended up winning the national championship,
the last time a hat trick was scored in a national championship game
was Monty back when he won it with Maine.
Now, when you guys went to the national championship,
one of your teammates, how do you say his last name?
Luko Savages?
Luko Savages.
It's not an easy one. Yeah, he ended up potting a hat trick as well so it's kind of like a a funny thing was it brought
up in the locker room afterward with monty well they showed it he never said anything about it
but they as soon as he scored the third one they were showing like they had that stat ready it
it was on the like jumbotron in there as soon as he scored it and it had just
a picture of monty back when back in his main days and and it told us right i didn't know that
either until it happened but it was something that we found out right away and um surprised
i feel like he is someone to bring that up but i don't know if he ever did bring it up after that
when uh i think i think recently you got asked about you got brought up and you i don't know
if you got emotional but you you went in depth about how much of an impact you had in your career
was he your best coach ever i mean i feel like he's the one that kind of molded me as an occupier
the most for sure um just coming into college and i played at the national program and i was like
i was i mean i don't know if you guys have seen who all
was on that 97 NTDP team, but it was stacked. And I was like, I was our fourth line winger,
penalty kill. I just felt like there was always a lot more to my game that I wanted to bring out.
And I had just played two years, you you know kind of playing this different role and um
and he was kind of the guy that I mean he was he was an unreal player like he was smaller in that
era which was I feel like was harder to kind of make it you know but his hockey mind and everything
um was just it's still I, it's tough to beat.
He kind of instilled everything that, you know,
I kind of stand by as a player in me.
And more than that, I mean, he just meant a lot to me off the ice.
I mean, his family was wearing Terry jerseys
when I was at World Juniors and the Olympics.
And just, he's someone that, like, even, I think it was last year,
or was it two years ago, there was a game that I got scratched in where I felt like I played really good the game before
and like I'll send in my clips you know like he's still that to me like I'll send in my clips and
be like well what did you think it's like what do I need to do here what's going on here he's
he's just someone that if I ask him to, you know,
break down my shifts or something,
he'll do it in a heartbeat and stop what he's doing.
And he's someone whose opinion, you know, means a lot to me.
So, so being a late round pick the first time I really, you know, saw you,
I think for most hockey fans was your amazing run of,
and the shootout in the semifinals of the world junior. Now that,
that world junior team, Adam Fox, Charlie McEvoy, Jordan Greenway,
I think you could have had Austin Matthews and Matthew Chuck,
had they not been in the NHL.
What a special thing to win a gold medal and to have this legendary run,
like the TJ Oshie of world juniors in that shootout to kind of take me
through, through your mind. Did you, we asked Oshie the same thing.
Did you know you were going every time?
Did you know the move you were going to do?
Just bring me through that whole experience.
Well, if we had those guys that you mentioned,
I don't think I would have made the team. I, cause like you said,
I had a slow freshman year at DU.
I started out pretty good my sophomore year and kind of just like made the
team because of my start that year and um I don't know if you guys know who Steve Miller is he was like
assistant coach D.O. he's at Ohio State he was the assistant coach on the team and he always
jokes to me that they were picking a team and he just kept like taking my name on the whiteboard
and just kept putting it back up there if they'd bring it down and just kept putting it back up there. If they'd bring it down, he just kept putting it back up there.
And I guess that's kind of how I made the team. So like I made the team.
Oh, I remember too, actually, we were, I was roommates with Keller.
And they like, we're having a hard time picking the team.
So basically we went to bed and we were told if you are waking up by a knock on your door,
it means that you have a flight to go home, like, early the next morning, so basically,
if you slept in, you made the team, and, and I knew that if there was a knock on the door,
it wasn't for, for Clayton Keller, it was for me, but, yeah, so I just I just I I didn't think I was gonna make the team I you know made
it I had a good tournament um and then going into that that uh that game there I I I didn't even
think I was gonna shoot and then I scored the first one um I think Bronco scored after me uh to keep it going and then I know I've been told
the plan was that I was going to go and then Bronco was going to go if we had to go again
um and then I think it switched so they scored and then I had to score to keep it going
um kind of a move that I used to do a lot like it was just kind of going fast slow down
um all this is like etched into my brain so I can tell you all of it it's it's one of those
memories for me but um scored the second one and then they missed and basically Bob Motzko was like
fuck it go again and um yeah it's crazy too because i don't know if i had any thoughts
going through my head at that time like i was so just i don't know if you want to stay in the zone
or if i was just like checked out mentally like what's going on it was one of the two
the guy's a fifa game starting in 20 minutes exactly i think i actually brought my xbox on
that trip pex and his mom to buy him
hot cards between periods at the fucking world junior game honestly i i'd had my i think i had
my xbox on that trip oh shocker yeah so that that third shot that's a move that i've just never done
in my life but i don't know where that came from i don't know when i decided to do that i don't know
i went to my backhand and I think the
puck actually went I think it like chipped up over the goalie's stick or something like I don't know
I honestly don't know what happened there um but yeah that was one of the craziest things ever and
then and then in the the finals game I just kind of did the same move that I started with the last
time and I remember everyone too it's like don It's like, don't go five hole.
Don't go five hole. You literally like, cause of last night,
just don't do it. And I came down,
I had a totally different move in my mind.
I was going to go to my back end and just decided to go five hole.
I feel like something took over me there.
Cause I don't feel like I was in control of what was going on, but it was,
it was like just from six days earlier
i was like scared i wasn't gonna make the team to that moment was just wild for me yeah going
five hole again like that's some sicko shit that's worth that's worse than dm and fucking
back prescott 30 times before before a kickoff even more so with with with the old lady that's that's some sick
puppy shit so you weren't even thinking about it going in you just kind of had that oh i i was i
think i was gonna like fake a shot go back in and i just like it's like it's like uh like i was like
word vomit like i just like went to go make a move and I was like oh god I gotta do it and then just like shot at five hole and it it like I couldn't help it it was honestly like literally I can't even
tell you how many people told me right before they're like don't do it like fake it do something
else and yeah it was wild well I mean going going back to the start of the interview you talked
about the highs and lows so you end up not thinking you're going to make the team making that team going on to win gold beat canada in the finals have
obviously become a household name much like oshi what were they calling them five hole terry
if i think that not danny heatley account made the five hole terry shirt
shocker and then and then you go on to win the national championship that year like
just talk about that run i'm not sure exactly who you guys ended up playing in the finals.
Like just that must've been probably one of the highlights of your career as
well.
Well, it's one of those,
I don't know how much you guys want to hear all these like side things,
but I like it.
Yeah.
So pretty much came back from world juniors
played Western Michigan the next weekend and i broke my wrist and yeah so then
so this is another cowboy story i break my wrist so i literally went from like the highest of highs
at world juniors to broke my wrist on friday night in western michigan and then that sunday
i was out of it for like obviously I wasn't playing hockey so that
Sunday the Cowboys are playing the Green Bay Packers the Cowboys are playing the Green Bay
Packers in the divisional round of the playoffs and that was like their rookie year that was the
year I was like all in on Zeke and Dak it was a rookie year and I just started pounding beers because I was like I just broke my wrist I the Cowboys
are playing I was like no one was drinking with me there was literally just me like I
I had a beer like every offensive drive they had in the second half because it was working
so I just kept it going and I just will never forget like I was just so low in my life my wrist everything and that field goal went in to lose the game like right at the end and I just will never forget, like, I was just so low in my life, my wrist, everything.
And that field goal went in to lose the game, like right at the end.
And I just instantly in Rudy's basement, you can ask him about it.
I just like, I got sick, like immediately, like, cause it went in and I had these fears
and it was like, it was like one of the lows of my life.
And then basically like came back way faster than I thought I would three weeks later.
And then we started this run where we were kind run where we were kind of the favorite all year.
We had Will Butcher, who was the Holby winner that year.
And he was just an absolute stud for us.
And we had Henrik Borgstrm, who's in Chicago now.
But I don't know how much you guys saw him in college.
He was, like...
He was sick. He was sick he was sick yeah uh we had Gambrell who's in Ottawa now like we had a really good team and
um we were kind of the favorites but that's the kind of the weird part about college hockey is
you play these one game playoff series basically and yeah we we did I think we played Michigan Tech or I don't know we we kind
of it was kind of a breeze we kind of like ran through people up until we got to the finals and
then we played Duluth and who was kind of like number two all year and they're in our conference
so we played them like five times that year.
And they had a good team.
They had like Ayafalo, Toninato.
They had some good players.
And yeah, so the Luko had the hat trick.
We were up three nothing, kind of broke the game open.
And then I don't know if you guys watch this game,
but probably like he's going to be the best man at my wedding my best friend
Tarek Hammond he broke his ankle like really bad in that game like had to be stretchered off the
ice it was really bad but basically we're winning three nothing that happened and kind of just like took the wind out of us a little bit. I mean, it was emotional.
And all of a sudden they just started peppering us and scored one quick and we
just hung on and yeah.
And then, and then celebrated in Chicago that night and then took the plane
back in the morning. And that was one of the, like in college hockey,
I know you guys are getting sick of the like in college hockey I know you guys
are getting sick of me talking about college hockey but I could do it all day but um like
the springtime in college is fun because the season's over but you still have a few months
left at school so it's pretty much just like a two-month bender in college of just you know
having fun and whatever and that that was like winning it and then having that like being off and in college was
so fun. So that was, I mean, that's one of my favorite memories.
That's why I got the tattoo of my rib cage.
One of the parts of those offensive drives you didn't mention, he said,
Rudy said you were putting in a chew as well as a beer, downing a beer.
So he said the chew corn likely took over and that's why he ended up yucking
after that made field goal by Green Bay. Yeah, i had uh there's a lot of things going on i had it was like a it
was like a chew for every defensive drive every beer for every offensive drive i was like i i
remember that moment so specifically and i remember aaron rogers coming onto the field with like 40 seconds left. And he looked right at the camera.
I felt like he looked right at me and just diced us up,
got down into field goal range in like 20 seconds and then kick the field
goal on. It just made me sick immediately.
Is the Cowboys fandom. Is that from your dad?
I know you named after Aikman. Was he a Cowboys fan and you got it from him?
Oh yeah. My dad, my dad, my dad played football football he was a quarterback growing up he played he was like uh
he was on asu as like uh he was like their third string backup for quarterback whatever um so he
was a big football guy from dallas so that's kind of why i got into like you should see him after
after every game the the Cowboys lose.
He'll be like, Oh, Dax footwork was shit. I'm like, Oh my God, relax here.
He's like, Hey, I'll call him. I'll be like, Oh, that was a bummer.
And he's like, yeah, Dax footwork is bullshit.
I don't like his footwork either. He seems too scattery in the pocket.
You should, you should talk to Chuck Terry.
He'll talk it. You're off about his footwork he hates it does he hate mccarthy i mean i i don't think he i don't
think he loves some of the calls that mccarthy pulls up that's for sure i mean we love dac we
love the boys but he uh like i i'm a i'm a football guy and he's the one who's like saying all this
like you know they're cover for stupid shit i'm
like well i just talked to him about like if they want it lost pretty much but he he tries to break
it down for me and i'm just like relax here i was gonna ask g if you had any questions because this
is uh this is your age demographic pal no just just walk us through what it was like going to
college with the rudy junda because i mean we, like Biz said, we've had him on a couple times.
You know, he's a hipster now, according to G.
Full-blown hipster.
Full-blown Brooklyn hipster.
He's going Pete Davidson, nail painting, all of it.
Just crushing everything.
I feel like he's been well on his way for that, like, for a while.
Like, he was like that in college a little bit.
Like, he's always been a little different, like outside the box.
He's someone that like, you know, going to college.
And then like the guys that, you know,
I played with that didn't really plan on playing hockey after or anything.
Like he was just one of those guys that I'm like,
I would look at him and I'd be like,
there's no way I can see you at a desk working somewhere right now.
And he was always like, he was just always,
I'm sure how he is to you guys. He was just always that way.
He, he was a riot. I mean, Tarek, my buddy lived, lived with him.
So I was overhanging with Rudy all the time. Honestly,
we lost my junior year and I thought
our team was better my junior year and that was the year that Rudy like finally started to really
play too like he was actually like playing every game that year and we won it the year before
but like everyone wanted to win it that year for like Rudy almost because like
like you know the movie Rudy like I feel like rudy almost because like like you know the movie rudy
like i feel like it was like fitting to him you know suck on that rudy so he was a pathetic
athletic ability that they wanted to win something for because they felt bad oh i i remember sitting
in the basement with rudy just drinking beers and he'd just be like how can i play like how can i
get in the lineup and just like all this stuff and I just
talk his ear off and then he like finally got in the lineup and like I remember he scored a goal
in North Dakota I went off his skate or something I think it was his first goal it went off his
skate or he tipped it or something it was just a greasy one and it was the most fired up we've
ever been I mean that was who he was to us he was like i i'll give it to him he worked hard to try and you know play it was a senior year and he got in there and um because we all
loved him off the ice i mean he's he's just a character and he did do well with the girls in
college i will say that of course he did um another uh denver legend i'll call him i'm close
with drew shore and he came on the show before great guy. I think a couple of his brothers played there as well.
And then one of the brothers played at Harvard.
But I asked him, I said, talk to me about Troy Terry.
I know he's younger than you, but all you Denver pioneers stick together.
He said, this guy sucks at golf.
He said, he's absolutely fucking pathetic at the sport of golf.
Is that true? Because with your mitts, I thought you'd be nice.
Honestly, you'd be like when it comes to
i'll get the drew in a second but when it comes to golf like my finesse game is the worst part
of my game i just i feel like i just swing out of my shoes and i just hit the piss out of it and
just like i swing as hard as i can but like my finesse game is no good i can't putt like
i don't know but i did play with drew this summer and maybe i'm wrong but i feel like i remember the
round going not good for drew and the round going actually pretty good that was probably the that
was probably the round he threw his fucking clubs in the dumpster and then his brother grabbed him
honestly drew
like all the shorts too i i've been with like you said we all stick together and this summer was
like the first time that i'd actually got on the course with him and i we played this i guess
wouldn't know the course i guess if i said it to you but it's like probably the hardest course in
colorado and it was just absolutely eating us both up.
So I don't know how he finds the nerve to come at me like that, but.
I just texted him. I say, he's saying he beat you, you Muppet. So.
Now that he's scoring so much this year, he's out of his mind.
He's lost his mind with all these goals in the show.
Is that what he said? I literally saw when when uh i just did that to you
but his name show up right when we started this interview so i don't know if you guys he knew that
was coming on but he's he's a good guy that guy he makes me laugh they're all the shores are the
same they're they're just like you play with one of them you play you feel like you play with all
three of them yeah exactly i mean they they never leave each other's side.
They're always chirping.
They're just all that way.
And, you know, there's like Luka, the guy you mentioned.
It's funny, too, because he is one of, like, the most competitive, like, kind of
he's a guy that will, like, come at you in a summer skate if you wrong him or something you
know like he's one of those guys and the shores the shores would always come out and like they
they're so skilled and whatever but like it's summer skates like they don't go hard or anything
and and luco would always go with drew and just like like tomahawk his stick or something anything like that and it was so funny
because drew is just not the guy to handle that well and we would just get into battles because
like it'd be like my my du team was pretty much it would always play against like the alumni and
bros and drew was the guy that we would always go at couldn't get under his skin i mentioned the
2018 olympics in south k South Korea outside of relationship advice.
What was that experience?
It was nuts. I mean, I realized that, you know, I, I mean, we,
I made it because NHL players didn't go, but it was, it was wild.
It was like, there was,
I think there was four college guys on the team. Like Greenway, I knew well.
Borgen, I knew well.
I didn't know Donato at all.
But pretty much it was like the four of us.
And then guys that were all just playing in Europe.
And then pretty much Brian Gionta.
And it was just like such a weird group of guys that some of them I didn't know anything about
and they didn't know anything about me and it was just we had like a week to just
get ready and play Pavel Datsyuk in Russia and it was wild I mean hockey wise it was cool like
the rinks there were the buildings were I don't know I don't even know
how to explain them they were just so different they're like unique Olympic like arenas my parents
got to go so it was really cool um the village was I mean the village is awesome there's you know
the cafeteria they got a McDonald's in there like it it just like all kinds of stuff going on in the village that I didn't really expect. But it was cool. I mean, I, I gotta go to like,
what is the other thing that sucked?
Cause I wanted to go see Sean White and you know, and,
and all like the other sports and all that. But in Korea, it was like,
they were like two hours away from us.
So pretty much if I wanted to watch any other events,
it was just the stuff that was like on ice pretty much if I wanted to watch any other events it was um just the stuff that was
like on ice pretty much um so I went to like a curling match that was fun um I can't remember
his name I think that they might have won it that year but there was the one guy that was just I was
a huge fan of the curler and then I I remember they won their medal and then I was just I went down to eat and
he was just all at the McDonald's and just enjoying like I don't know those guys were awesome um and
then I saw the short track speed skating was one of the most like electric events I've ever been to
in my life because they're they're like the long track was slow because it's like a marathon pretty
much and then the short track came on and i was just
blown away by it because they're going so fast they're passing the baton and just kind of going
to those events was kind of my favorite part honestly because it didn't go that great for us
on the i know you mentioned mcdonald's twice already but did you develop a taste for the
korean barbecue over there they got some great food there don't they they do i i we didn't really
have it like like the cafeteria was pretty standard but my parents were there i went to
one of the barbecue places uh one of the days with them it i was surprised i mean the food was good
there it's it was super like i think the best way to say it is like clean it was just like super
clean there and the food was good i i had a great time. Be honest. When's the last time you fired up the YouTube clips from the world
juniors before this interview?
No, I mean, it's been a while. It is something though, that like,
I'll see people tweeted at me or like,
it'll show up and it's something that I'll, I'll watch it.
It just, it still gives me goosebumps. I mean, it was,
it was that type of moment for me that I just didn't expect.
And it was, I mean,
it's still probably the coolest moment of my hockey career. It was, yeah,
it was nuts. I mean,
I remember just laying in bed after that Russia game and I won't lie to you.
I was watching it a bunch cause I didn't even remember it even when it
happened. So it was, it was wild.
It's something that I'll definitely watch when I see it.
I'm pretty sure. I'm pretty sure you're going to wrap it up.
My curiosity just took over.
What was the thing that you did that got your girl back?
What did I do? Some people would call it.
what did i do some people would call it i mean i i there was just like did you serenade her on her front lawn no i mean she honestly she did uh she lives like six houses down from me back home
um like i i don't even know it was just a lot of perseverance basically there was just one night I think I was with Rudy we went out and um pretty much just I think I just like happened to run into her at the
bar and and I wore some of my my best clothes that night and I my frame was on display and I think
I think that just kind of sealed the deal for me you had that perfect
liquid glaze enough liquor courage to go over and spit some hot fire and here we are so we're
expecting an invite to the wedding uh i'm pretty sure we'll we'll see you there maybe we'll do a
live interview out of there uh g right after the ceremony we'll bring rudy love that we'll bring
rudy could be the ring bearer. Rudy can be the ring bearer.
Buddy, thank you so much, and congrats on a great season.
And it's, I mean, you know, you go from AHL All-Star right up to the NHL.
Now you're an NHL All-Star.
What a career so far, pal.
Well, thanks, guys.
Thanks for having me.
That was fun.
Huge thanks to Troy for joining us.
Great interview.
Great kid, man.
He's been absolutely tearing it up
so it was nice to get some insight on the Ducks and hopefully your Ducks fans enjoyed it we do
want to let you know that the interview is also brought to you by our friends at Body Armor
today's athletes deserve more than your grandfather's tired old salty sports drink
which is full of artificial dyes enter Body potassium-packed electrolytes, antioxidants, B vitamins,
plus no artificial sweeteners, flavors, or dyes,
Badiama sports drink provides hard work and hydration.
My favorite flavor is fruit punch, though.
I'm known to dabble with the old strawberry banana once in a while.
It's good stuff, too.
Badiama will be at the Chicklets Cup this weekend as our hydration partner.
So make sure you grab some of that stuff at our hydration station when you're at the Chicklets Cup this weekend as our hydration partner. So make sure you grab some of that stuff at our hydration station
when you're at the Chicklets Cup.
It's going to be a blast this weekend.
Who knows who you might bump into, too.
Not just biz, wit.
There's going to be all kinds of NHL stars popping by,
stars from Netflix documentaries, everybody.
It's going to be insane this weekend.
So Bartyama helps today's athletes stay on top of their game.
Bartyama, available for purchase in-store and on Amazon now.
Once again, Body Armor, you can get it in-store or at Amazon right now.
Good stuff.
All right, boys.
All right, I want to hop in there quick.
So obviously, a big thank you to G and everybody behind the scenes at Barstool
who organized this thing.
This took like months and months of preparation, even more so than Detroit. you are going to be in vegas for the all-star festivities we are starting
wednesday with just the people who are signed up for the event we're going to have a nice little
shindig uh grinnelly i'll tee you up after i'm done talking for where the event's going to be
on wednesday for all the people involved in chiclets cup to come register, grab your Jersey, come grab a pop with us.
Uh,
we got all day Thursday.
Anybody is invited.
Even people who aren't signed up to play in the chicklets cup.
We're going to have live music.
We're going to have DJ.
We're going to have merchandise available there.
We're going to have a little,
uh,
beer gardens where you can buy beer or pink Whitney.
Um,
you mentioned these like,
uh,
celebrities and I'm getting texts non-stop anthony
stewart just texted me he's going to be there uh anson carter is going to stop by from tnt
um can i drop bomb uh no we actually can't drop that okay bleep the name out get them even more
excited leave a little fucking little little teaser for them there's going to be so including
terry ryan and terry ryan senior who we just released that video of the newfoundland extravaganza fucking little teaser for them. There's going to be some, including Terry Ryan and Terry Ryan Sr.
who we just released that video
of the Newfoundland extravaganza.
That was a re-release, guys.
I went there.
I had a blast.
I probably smoked way too much pot while on camera,
but who gives a fuck?
Go to YouTube and enjoy it.
They're going to be there.
Terry Ryan Sr. has never been to Vegas,
so he is going to be in his element
along with other NHL guys stopping by.
So anybody who's in the area Thursday and or Friday,
that's when the chicklets cup tournament will be happening.
Anybody is invited.
Any single hockey fan come by,
come say hello,
come grab a shot of pink Whitney with us,
come grab a beer.
And,
uh,
hopefully just hopefully we are the big deal.
Selects are going to march on to victory.
And there is some hefty competition.
We mentioned the nose-face killer.
You're fucking going down, you fucking peckerhead.
So bring it.
We will see you there.
Chicklets Cup in Vegas.
And thank you for the rant.
Grinnelli, I'll leave it up to you to let everybody know the locations.
Well, I was just going to say, did you guys see Christopher Stieg is also playing on a team?
He's playing in the roller division on Nasher's team as well.
He dangles.
Holy shit.
He's got sick mitts.
So opening ceremonies is at 9.45 a.m. on Thursday.
Come by.
It's going to be a very cool opening ceremony.
Playoffs start at 11 a.m. on February 4th.
That is the Friday.
And closing ceremonies will be at 4.30.
And I'll tell you what, if we win the Chicklets Cup,
I'll let a fan chuck a cake just like Steve Aoki does
right in Ryan Whitney's face if we win the Chicklets Cup.
So that's a promise.
We're at the price of admission right there.
You want to bet?
Actually, we'll change it.
R.A.'s going to take a dump on his chest right in the middle of the dance floor.
On which chest?
Who's chest?
Witt's.
Oh, God.
You got a better chance.
You want heroin right now?
You got a better chance of hitting the megabucks on a Sunday than Witt.
What the hell is he talking about?
I was drinking that hot tub water.
I'm all fucked up still.
First time in Vegas in seven years.
The last time I was there was Malcolm Butler's interception.
Last time I was at Hockus onler's interception so last time i was at
hawkish on me and murray's got dragged out of there all right what'd you do it was like 11
years ago he was what'd you do to get kicked out waffled oh you mean like on every trip
just fucking gamble like ra in minnesota yeah well speaking of ra in minnesota we just came
out with that ice fishing video too,
which you were yucking at.
So we can plug that.
So check out our YouTube channel.
We have tons of stuff coming out lately, guys.
You could have a video of me sleeping,
and they'd be like,
R.A. buckled.
I'm like,
the comments,
I'm like,
dude,
I didn't have a drink that day.
I was fucking hung over to the max.
Yeah, okay.
Buckled.
Speaking of everyone here,
we weren't buckled.
Let's see. Moving right along. San Jose defensemanman eric colson who's been having a great year he's going to be out until march huge loss for the sharks they've been in contention for
playoff spots speaking of california teams uh he had surgery to repair a muscle tear in his left
forearm uh he's got 26 points in 33 games so that's a huge hole for like i said the sharks team
that's in contention of playoffs right now.
Ottawa Center, there's a couple notes on them.
They had a really nice clip they posted of the team recognizing Austin Watson.
He celebrated his third year of sobriety.
And it was just a really cool moment.
Sometimes, you know, people go through those issues.
They keep them private or whatever.
And, you know, he opted to share this, which is good for, you know,
helps other people who may be in recovery.
But it was just so cool to see how receptive the team was,
and I forget what team it was come over.
You get a chip each year for each year of sobriety.
They came over and gave him a chip, and it was just a real nice scene,
and like I said, anybody who's going through those type of struggles,
hopefully it helped them out a little bit.
And then Ottawa made us laugh a little bit too.
How about this fan?
He got a gigantic, I mean gigantic Josh Norris tattoo on his stomach
just for an autographed jersey.
Like fucking
The worst.
It wasn't like a little thing on his thigh or his calf or something.
I mean, it was a life-size tattoo of a guy on his stomach.
But, you know, Josh Norris gave him his autographed jersey,
so he's a man of his word.
But tough way to get that one.
I thought that was the most ridiculous fan tattoo I've ever seen in my life.
And that's coming from a guy with a Halloween tattoo
with an old pumpkin that's rotted on his forearm.
I think getting a Coyotes 2022-2023 Stanley Cup tattoo on my forehead
would have been better than getting
no offense to Norris, but like it's the size of his actual head.
Oh, it might be bigger.
And I think where the mouth is, it's where his belly button is.
Like it's just  it's fucking  I mean at least get like a
have you seen the one where people get the cat where the belly button is the asshole?
That's actually kind of funny.
I mean I don't know how many times you've seen it.
I wonder what tattoo  This has to be the worst. I wonder actually kind of funny. I mean, I don't know how many times you've seen it.
I wonder what tattoo... This has to be the worst.
I wonder what tattoo artists think when someone says that.
Like, damn, my God, here's another one.
What's his cat's asshole on his body?
I think they're just thinking cha-ching, cha-ching.
Yeah, that too.
But the other laughter we got out of there, Colin White, yeah, he had a messed up shoulder,
and they were asking him what's the...
It was almost like they were trying to goad the answer out of him,
but they were asking him, what's the worst part of having the shoulder injury?
Gee, roll the clip because it's better than me saying it.
What did you find just in your average day
was the biggest challenge with your shoulder?
Yeah, there's a few I won't say.
I don't know everything man the one i was gonna say is wipe my
excuse me well i i couldn't do that like that was the worst part
i could that was legit the worst part yeah exactly i had to say it amazing from the rat
rink and you know that's a guy that with Miles Wood,
me and Biz dusted in a sandbagger at Dedham Country Pool.
Almost got him kicked out of that club too.
I don't know if I'm way off here,
but I'm pretty sure what he first meant was cranking it.
And then he's like, oh, shit.
Like, yeah, I meant wiping my ass.
Like, I don't know if he meant wiping his ass off the start,
but the way he was trying to, like, spit it out,
it was a classic clip from the rat rink.
You can always just switch hands for that.
The stranger?
Yeah, I mean.
Feels like the real thing.
That's what you call it, the stranger?
No, the stranger is when people sit on their hand and numb it
so you don't even feel like it's your hand.
I've never tried that for anyone wondering at home.
Like R.A. wasn't drunk in many.
Yeah, no, I'm a bit dexterous, you know.
I could see R.A. being the guy to put like a Ziploc bag with like lube on it
and fuck between the mattresses or something.
Jeez, it sounds like an idea you came up with, Paul.
Not me, but.
Did you guys, I'm sure you saw the clip I sent you.
It was pretty cool.
Islanders and Kings played the other night.
And after the game, referee Dean Morton, I guess he's announced his retirement.
I don't know when exactly he's going to.
I tried to investigate, but I couldn't seem to find out.
But they all gave him, you know, we've seen it before at refs.
They all gave him like handshakes and a bunch of guys gave him hugs
and had a nice little chat.
Just like a cool little video.
But I don't know if he's retiring right at the end of the season because
it is only january but it was a pretty cool clip to see you know the respect i know i'm guessing
it's after this year yeah i can't do it like a season and a half in advance right i just didn't
know that the time the timing of it with those two teams that's all it was just the reverse tom
bray oh like you're wondering if that was his last game well Well, yeah, that's all right because they said he's retiring,
but it was like, okay, but it's a January game between these two teams.
I hadn't seen him getting the goodbyes before.
But either way, it was a very classy gesture by both teams,
both organizations.
And I know we dump on the refs once in a while here.
We know they're a key integral part of the league.
So it was nice to see the respect shown by all the players to those guys
because they got a tough job.
So good job, fellas.
They get them like a lifetime supply of therapy
for all the fucking abuse they take from the guys.
And whenever he does retire, congrats to Dean Morton on a great career.
Let's see, Vancouver named Patrick Alvin, the general manager.
Jim Rutherford announced that the other day.
The Team Canada roster was announced.
Some noteworthy names on there.
Owen Power, Eric Stahl, Josh Hosang, Devin Levi, among the players named.
It does sound like Power will join Buffalo right when Michigan season ends,
whenever that may be.
And Jeremy Colleton has replaced Claude Julien as Canada's head coach.
I guess Julien was doing a team-building activity in Switzerland.
He took a Dixie on the ice, fractured a couple ribs,
so the doctor said he's not fit enough to fly to Beijing.
And, well, 12-year.
He saw the roster.
He's like, oh, how do I get out of this?
Oh, my elbow.
Look at this random banana peel right here.
Oh, shit.
Have fun, guys.
Hey, good luck to Carlton, though.
You know, that was a tough exit in Chicago, and a young up-and-coming coach.
It's nice for him to get a second chance here.
Julian's never skied before, and he just takes the lift up to a double black diamond in Switzerland,
just goes straight down.
This will get me out of it.
He's like, oh, look at this, a half pipe.
A lot of people suspect that Stahl is going to be the captain.
It would probably make the most sense.
And if he is, it would be 12 years after winning gold back in Vancouver.
He's already a member of the Triple Gold Club, Olympic, Stanley Cup,
and World Cup.
So let's see, moving right along.
Oh, the East Coast Hockey League suspended Jacksonville Iceman forward
Jacob Panetta for the rest of the season, 38 games as a result of a racial gesture.
He'll have a conditional opportunity to apply for a reduction of the suspension and reinstatement after March 17th of this year.
Pending successful completion of a learning experience conducted in conjunction with the NHL's Player Inclusion Committee.
The statement from ECHL Commissioner Ryan Creeland, quote,
The statement from ECHL Commissioner Ryan Creeland, quote, insensitive actions and gestures, regardless of intent, cannot be tolerated in our game.
We all need to learn and grow from this incident and remain steadfast to further educating and advancing our commitment to diversity, equity and inclusion throughout our league. league um with did you want to comment on this because i felt that like you know obviously he
came out with a statement afterwards saying that that was not what he was gesturing all his teammates
all his teammates right the statement i i feel bad for him i feel bad for jordan suban as well
yes but i also call me a sucker i i believe that this kid completely was doing the tough guy, shoulder-strug move.
It was taken the wrong way.
And now all of a sudden his season's basically over.
He was released.
Who knows if he gets signed.
And it was a lot different than the other instance of the kid
completely admitting what he was doing as opposed to this one.
So for his teammates to come out and release a statement,
I thought that was really nice of him.
I think they all believe in the character that they know Panetta is truly a good guy
and wouldn't have done that.
But it's just a shitty situation.
Yeah.
Yeah.
And obviously we're not discrediting what Jordan said about it.
We talked last week about how PK spoke,
and he said these are the types of gestures that they would see growing up.
Both can be true here, I think.
Right, exactly, right?
So it sucks.
I don't know if they've been able to communicate
and have a conversation about it,
but you just hope that if, in fact,
that wasn't what he was gesturing,
that this can all be somehow patched up behind the scenes
to where there is no animosity,
where Subban is able to believe that that wasn't the gesture.
But, you know, you can't put yourself in Subban's shoes
because you don't know what he put up with growing up his whole life.
So it's such an unfortunate situation.
But as I said, if in fact that that was not what he was doing,
for him to get his whole season canceled,
which it probably still will,
it's going to follow him around the rest of his career
and probably into his professional life, right?
And if it's not what he intended to do
and not what he actually was doing,
it's fucking brutal, man.
It sucks.
And it creates more divisiveness.
And that's not to also take away from the other incident
that happened last week with Boko Imama,
with the incident in the AHL as well.
So it was a really tough week.
And, you know, to hear that news, it's just like you hope that they eventually get it all right
and that we don't have to deal with this thing in the future.
Well said, Biz. Well said.
All right, well, this one is for all you beer league hockey players.
Make your team the envy of the league with men's league sweaters.
I can't imagine some of the beauty uniforms we're going to see out in Vegas this week
because the Chicklets Cup men's league sweaters are going to be all over the place,
and they crush it, man, whether they're doing it for jokes or whatever or for your real team.
These things are unreal.
Men's league sweaters are perfect for any team and offer customers online design,
fast re-delivery, and easy reorders.
There's G's right there.
There's our legendary G's right there. There's our legendary
Detroit uniform right
there. We love the sweaters, and now
you can be a hero and win your team free
jerseys. Visit
mensleagsweaters.com slash
chicklets to enter for a chance to win
your custom jerseys, but hurry,
because the offer ends soon. Can't wait to
see a bunch of these when we get to Vegas, man.
And the guy who owns the thing, Steve, from Men's League Sweaters,
he's awesome, easy to deal with.
I see their jerseys popping up in different events
and other things that people around the hockey community are doing.
So it's great to see a guy who puts out such a great quality product
is continuing to grow from a company standpoint.
So to Men's League Sweaters, I'm so happy when we first started doing these events
that you guys somehow contacted us
and we're working together.
And I'm super, super excited to get my hands
on the Big Deal Selects brand new jerseys
that will be rocking in Vegas.
I think the barstool jerseys
might be the best ones we've ever done.
We've done two pond hockey tournaments,
a street hockey tournament. And this one's pond hockey tournaments, a street hockey tournament,
and this one's an ode to a former USA hockey team,
but it is unbelievable.
I'm intrigued.
I think that's about all the hockey news we have.
I know Biz loves the extracurricular stuff we got.
Biz, the Baseball Hall of Fame stuff.
Did you give a shit about it?
Big Pappy gets in.
Clemens doesn't.
A-Rod doesn't. Bonds doesn't.'t i mean the baseball writers association of america i think collectively
a bunch of dorks and the fact that they they're allowed to vote on all this stuff is kind of wild
but i don't know i mean i don't give a shit at the end of the day but what's your take on it
well i mean i think it's undeniable that he saved baseball during that era,
him and Mark McGuire, and it's so fucking hypocritical.
Who else, R.A.?
Sammy Sosa.
Or Sammy Sosa was another guy in the mix there for the home run chase.
And I think it was well aware everybody at the time was doing juice.
And even back then, didn't they say a couple of the old school famous guys
they used to do the greens?
Yeah, the oppas.
Greenies.
There was like meth.
Yeah, and at that time, that was the way to get ahead of it,
and those guys ended up in the Hall of Fame.
So I just look at it as being ultra-hypocritical,
and it seems like baseball getting in the way of itself again
and a big reason why hockey is probably going to eventually take over
from a popularity standpoint, and a big reason why hockey's probably going to eventually take over from a popularity standpoint not a big deal i mean it's i think it's do i think i'll say this though
um you know hockey at the pro level especially the nhl was extremely difficult for me i could
barely keep up to some of these guys physically if i found out that like 75 percent of the guys
in the league were juicing
when i was playing i'd be fucking furious because it essentially like you know they ended up making
more money and get had more longevity and got to put up better numbers because they were fucking
cheating so if you're gonna stick with the no cheating shit put them all in the same category
but i don't even think that there was a rule back then against using steroids was there it was just kind of this unwritten rule that you don't use steroids yeah so and i don't wait i
don't know much about baseball but i know that it's just seems like everybody during that area
was era was taking steroids so it's just like well he was the best guy who was taking steroids
throw him in the hall of fame he might be the one of the better he's probably top five greatest baseball players of all time oh yeah and he was unreal before steroids
when he was like 135 pounds on pittsburgh yeah like 40 steel like just it's it's it's an absolute
joke that he's not in the hall of fame i think part of it has to do with how much of an asshole
he was to a lot of millions. He was a gigantic prick.
But David Ortiz belongs in there.
I'd put them all in.
I mean, Clemens, how are these guys not in the Hall of Fame?
It just doesn't make sense. But these baseball writers, they have enormous egos.
They feel like they're upholding the sanctity of baseball by not allowing them in.
But Ortiz is in, even though I guess he was never on a list.
Now it's gone so cuckoo because there are guys who've used that aren't in there
and guys who aren't that deserve to be in there where the Hall of Fame's become kind of a joke.
To me, it's the Hall of Fame.
Barry Bonds, without him, the entire story of baseball isn't written.
It doesn't matter what he did.
So I think he should
be in along with clemens uh along with a rod and and along with the rest of the unbelievable players
who who did juice and it was a bullshit move but they were all doing it and they didn't want to
get left behind so that's what it was an immediate they should all do it one year the most the most
unlikable guys are a just hit a rod uh-Rod. Who else would be unlikable?
Was A-Rod up already, R.A.?
They should do Pete Rose, A-Rod, and Barry Bonds,
and then one other guy the same year.
That would be a good time.
I thought A-Rod wasn't up yet.
I thought he was.
Like I said, I could have sworn I saw his name there.
Either way, he's probably not because of this bullshit.
The media played dumb during it.
Everybody knew what was going on, maybe the public at large, but the guys covering the team,
like, all of a sudden, these guys are showing up,
spring training, looking all jacked and shit,
and all of a sudden, they're like,
oh, these guys can't get in.
Like, they didn't say nothing when they had the opportunity.
To play dumb, R.A., I don't even think they were playing dumb
because guys were doing post-game interviews,
and they would have the gummy things that had the steroids
right behind them on the shelf. Like weren't even and they had necessarily hiding it yeah but
they monster pimples with whiteheads all over their shoulders and fucking elbows like i'm pretty sure
they knew that they were juicing i i do remember though whether it was the summer of 98 or 99 when
sos and maguire went on that run this is before internet before cell phones and i just remember
waking up every morning,
turning on SportsCenter.
Did they go yard? Did they go yard?
And sure as shit, that month of August,
I think Sosa hit like 20 or whatever it was,
and it was just so cool before checking your phones
and before knowing exactly when things happened,
just waiting the next morning to find out
and seeing that run that really did save baseball.
Unfortunately, guys, they're talking a little bit more,
BizRA and G. I got to run right now. Unfortunately, guys, they're talking a little bit more biz R.A. and G.
I got to run right now.
I'm going to take my wife out to dinner before I'm gone in Vegas for five nights.
So I'm going to leave you guys hanging.
Thank you so much for listening.
I had one show recommendation.
I crushed and binged the morning show.
It's from 2019 on Apple+.
Incredible.
I really enjoyed it.
A lot of really bad reviews.
I had never even heard of it.
Jennifer Aniston, Steve Carell, Reese Witherspoon, about basically the Matt.
It was kind of like a playoff of the Matt.
What was that scumbag's name?
Matt Lauer.
It was kind of like the morning.
I recommend it.
I enjoyed it.
Apple TV.
Thank you so much for listening to me.
These guys are going to take you home and I'll see you all in Vegas.
Love you all.
Peace.
I'd see in a couple of days with.
And yeah,
a rod.
Sorry guys.
He wasn't the ballot this year.
He got,
he only got 34 of the voting.
So I'm not going crazy,
but either way,
man,
I,
it's like these fucking baseball,
baseball nerds arguing about this shit.
It gets old.
What?
I know you,
I'm sorry,
biz,
you included this other story in the outline
about the Crystal Palace Soccer Club.
They're going to be the first club to offer
an aftercare program for released players.
Let's see, dedicated.
Well, Grinelli sent that over to me,
and I thought it was a great story,
and I hadn't picked the baseball,
or baseball, Jesus Christ.
Get it on the rails, Biz.
I hadn't picked a soccer team yet,
so they're going to be my soccer team
based on this information.
Yeah, they're going to have a dedicated
three-year aftercare package
that'll support released academy players
in making a way of life
other than playing for the club.
So, yeah, it seems like a pretty cool thing.
You wonder why teams haven't already done it,
but do you think this will become
sort of a regular thing, Paul?
Maybe not in North America,
but at least European soccer?
Yeah, so I'm so impressed with how progressive sports are becoming
just from a life and a transition standpoint back into regular life.
And I would probably say that soccer should have been the first one
because when you're looking at these clubs overseas,
they start picking
these kids up at young ages and I know that they're being provided schooling but I think for
the most part especially as you start getting better and the years go on closer to pro hey and
I'll be honest like playing in the OHL I understand how the importance of schooling was compared to
the actual going and
playing. Like I was caring way more about what was going on at the rink and my performance than I
cared about my grades. Now, am I saying that that's every guy? No, but it's a lot for young
kids to handle both. And most of these kids want to make it to pro. So they do focus more on,
on the athleticism part of it so for them to
to introduce that now keep in mind some of this will probably be offered to people who are coming
in just as professionals who might not have even been signed from for uh by the organization at
young ages but i just think it's a good thing because i sometimes see my peers and and how hard
it is for them to transition outside of playing sports into the real life.
To have that soft landing, I think will benefit players and people, more importantly, immensely moving forward.
So, I mean, Crystal Palace, that's a hell of a thing to do.
And not just for the one year, to do it for three years.
Not just for the one year, to do it for three years.
And even if it's a job where you're being placed for 50, 75 grand where you're thinking, well, maybe that's not a ton.
And what if they have  but it's like it's somewhere where they can come and learn how to adapt and maybe transition to  even if it's something in the soccer realm.
Maybe it's something in the soccer realm maybe it's something in management maybe it's something anything to do with the club and or like i know in the ahl the players association at the time they would come around and they would say hey if you want to become a fireman you could take all
the online testing over the course of the season that way when the season was finished they were
able to go do the physical testing and
then boom right into it ra so you're not really wasting that cushion time and you're getting
guidance as to how to to kind of maneuver through the transition so i know i was long-winded in my
answer but i think it is so important um you know uh given the circumstances and as i said most of
the people that i've been in touch with
throughout my playing days. Yeah, hopefully there'll be some ripple effect because these
teams are worth so much money, man. I think the cost, it's not a ton of money to invest in
these people as human beings. And like you say, we talked to other guys doing the show and
it's a tough transition for a lot of these guys. I mean, this hockey career is over 32 years old.
Christ, I was still bodging in 32 looking for a career. So I can't imagine like, I mean, this hockey career is over at 32 years old. Christ, I was still bodsing at 32 looking for a career.
So I can't imagine, like, you know, you have to give up your livelihood
and go into something else.
So good on Chris McAllister.
All right, picture it this way, and we've talked about it before too,
is like you show up to training camp and your schedule for nine months is set.
And even when you go home in the offseason,
the trainer's giving you most of the time a package
that you can follow to stay in shape.
You know, in some leagues, your rent's being taken care of.
The buses have the times already time slotted.
So you're kind of having your ass wiped, so to speak.
And then all of a sudden you get out of the game
and you're in charge of making your own schedule
and being your own boss.
And that sometimes becomes very difficult.
And you get two broken shoulders
and you can't wipe your ass with either one.
There you go.
There you go.
Let's see.
Did you watch the show Euphoria on HBO, Paul?
I don't know if I asked you this before.
I don't watch a ton of television, so no.
I do, guys.
Are you a fan of it?
Yeah.
I love it.
I think it's crazy.
I think it's crazy.
It's a cool show.
I think we're on what?
Is this season two or season three, man?
I can't because of the COVID ruined my ability to keep track of time.
But yeah, it's about like high school kids.
And I don't know if it's like a perfect representation of Gen Z or millennials or whatever the fuck you want to call them.
But it's a pretty wild show, man.
These kids, you know, it's centered on one girl ruined.
You know, she's an addict and has addiction issues but there's all the you know the all the requisite teen sex and drugs and rock and roll and all that kind of shit it's interesting as hell
it's a great show like it's terrifically made the acting writing is good if you were looking to dive
into a new show i definitely recommend it i haven't seen too much lately either because
with so much been so much hockey has been on.
Yeah, rarely do you hear a guy like Leonardo DiCaprio pump a show's tires,
and he pumped this show's tires early on.
And the main actress is Zedina?
Zendaya, yeah.
Zendaya.
Zendaya.
And once again, I've never watched his show,
but I know who this girl is
because she's probably the most famous actress in Hollywood right now.
She's everywhere.
She's dating this Tom Holland kid who was the latest Spider-Man, which I don't know how many Spider-Mans there are now, like 17 million of them.
But I also saw a show with, or a movie, excuse me, with Denzel Washington's kid, and they collabed on it.
It was done in black and white,
and it was them at a house after an award show.
I don't remember the name of it,
but you could tell this girl's got major acting skills.
Yeah, she got chops.
I think she was a Disney stodgy, right, back in the day
when she was on the Disney Channel?
Yeah, she was.
I believe it was actually Nickelodeon.
But, R.A., that Nate, Jacob Evaldi, I think is his name,
he is one of the most hateable characters of all time.
Yeah, that's when you know someone's doing a good job acting
when you absolutely hate them.
But is it Zendaya or Zendaya?
I always thought it was Zendaya.
Zendaya.
I wasn't familiar with her because she was a child star,
and obviously I don't watch Nickelodeon or Disney or whatever.
But I watched her on this show, she's got chops unreal i think she might have she either want a sag or an emmy or something for her performance but
to to the role she is to be like an addict i don't know what her personal life is like but
she nails so much of the like nuances of what she has to do uh terrific actress great show if you
haven't started it, definitely highly
recommend it. Also, too,
they've increased the amount of peccas
that we see on TV because we really
don't see a lot of schlongs on TV and
movies anymore. It's just always been that way.
But Euphoria is changing that.
I think we've already seen... All fake
though, R.A. Those are all fake cocks. Are they?
Come on. Yep.
It was reported that all the cocks are fake.
It was all done in makeup and they took hours to construct.
I would actually, if I had to do a naked scene,
I would for sure have to get a fake cock because I got an ugly hammer on me.
They'd have to roll back the 4Z on it too.
R.A., you said that it's got a lot of,
it kind of depicts what this new Gen Z crowd's like.
Are they just so much more exposed because of the internet
where they're doing crazier and crazier shit nowadays?
I mean, I think every generation does crazy shit.
Maybe the level's been up because of the internet,
but yeah, I wouldn't say it's 100 accurate.
I don't have kids, so I'm not really in that world,
but it's definitely like a peek at what kids are doing these days.
And yeah, I mean, like growing up with your phone in your hands since day one and, you know, all the sextant and shit that goes with all that.
So all these different elements that basically me, you didn't grow up with as a teenager that these kids have to navigate.
So it's interesting from that perspective, too.
Plus, like I said, it's just brilliantly shot.
The writing's good.
It's just a good show to look at and uh it's interesting man i definitely if you have if
you're looking for a new show uh check out euphoria um when's uh when's the last time you
i guess you in this show i think the last time that i saw a dick on screen was kevin bacon
in wild things wow um yeah that was the last time I saw a dick on a movie or a television show.
Now, G, you're watching the show, so is there just schlongs everywhere?
Like, do they do a good job in the makeup?
Do they look like nice hammers?
Look like, you know, big, nice, dainty, triumphant bastards.
They're good dicks.
They're good cocks.
Because I could have sworn one of the kids who, like, remember the scene,
gee, a couple episodes back when the girl's hiding in the tub
and the one kid comes down, he sits down, and you can see his hammer.
He actually came out and said that that was his real hammer.
So I don't know if his was real and others were fake,
but it's interesting because...
Maybe makeup did a real good job that day where he looked at it and was like, you know what?
I'll go with the makeup dick instead of real dick.
That is my real dick.
You know what?
I'm going to investigate this further and come back with an update for our next episode on the dicks and euphoria.
I was talking to Joffrey Lupo a little while back when he did the ESPN body issue.
And I think that he told me when he went in and did it, he actually popped a, I don't
know if it was a 10 milligram Cialis or Viagra, just cause he was a little nervous when you're
standing around.
Sometimes it might be a little cold, right?
So you're going to, you don't want to jump up.
You don't want like a fucking picture to surface where you got a little shrinky dinky going
on because of the weather.
So I might be mistaken about that, but I'm pretty sure he confessed to me that he did
that and if i did a show or a movie or or a photo shoot where i was in the buck although covered in
the espn i for sure would take one because i don't want my i'm a bit of a grower not a shower so
that would be tough definitely a little chub up especially if it's a cold set maybe out of
vein down the middle too all right biz i any other final notes or stuff you want to share before we wrap up shop on episode
371 i want to congratulate canada on uh the soccer oh yeah they are 99 i believe headed to the world
cup and that hasn't happened in 50 years and they ended up winning a big game this past weekend.
And I'm very proud.
And a lot of people in Canada were very, very excited about that.
So it's great to see, man.
Soccer is definitely a growing sport in Canada with how expensive hockey is becoming.
And, of course, with the multiculturalism and the amount of people that are there.
So, yeah, I'm proud.
And I don't know if there
was anything else i had here in my notes um oh brian dobble he's the new coach of the giants
he was actually born in the home my hometown of well in ontario he was i think he's the offensive
coordinator of the giants who just uh he was the offensive coordinator of the Bills and then he just went to the Giants.
Former Belichick disciple actually as well.
There you go. So congratulations
to a fellow hometown
legend.
And Brian, is it Dabble?
I hope I'm not fucking it all up.
Dabble.
We had a fun episode.
Hopefully you did too. And when we talk
to you next, we are going to be in Sin City,
Las Vegas, Nevada for the Chicklets Cup, and we'll check back then.
Have a great week, everyone.
Hope you have a good one.
As always, we'd like to thank our terrific sponsors here on Spittin' Chicklets.
So big thanks to our longtime friends at Pink Whitney and New Amsterdam Vsterdam vodka huge thanks to our new friends at alto welcome aboard big thanks to
everybody over at labatt blue if you're watching the game be sure to grab a blue light huge thanks
to everybody over at blue nile if you're looking for that engagement ring or just a nice piece of
jewelry for your other half check out blue nile.com big thanks to everybody over at body armor for
keeping us hydrated this weekend at the chicklets cupcom. Big thanks to everybody over at Bardiama for keeping us hydrated this
weekend at the Chicklets Cup. And a big
thanks to everybody at Men's League Sweaters
for making us look fly at the
same Chicklets Cup this weekend.
Can't wait to see you there. Have a great week, everyone.
