Hey, Spittin' Chicklets listeners, you can find every episode on Apple Podcasts,
Spotify, or YouTube. Prime members can listen ad-free on Amazon Music.
Hello everybody, welcome to episode 372 of Spittin' Chicklets Presented by Pig Whitney from our friends at New Amsterdam Vodka
Here in the Barstool Sports Podcast family
Boys, what a ripper, what a weekend
Our first ever Vegas recording, our first ever Chicklets Cup
Great job by G, unreal time, unreal turnout
Boys, how are we feeling?
The tables look like they turned a little bit. Let's talk about your fucking intro.
That's quicker than I lasted before a pregame nap, before an NHL warm-up.
It was going to become a Svechnikov if I tried to do my usual thing.
So, like you said, off the glass and out.
That's what you've got to do sometimes.
Listen, I'm talking now so everyone knows my voice.
It's a disaster.
This is the fifth night in Vegas.
This is ridiculous.
Everyone knows that.
R.A., that intro was one of the worst you've ever done.
But I respect it because it's Vegas.
But you said it's the first Chicklets Cup.
It is.
It was number two, buddy.
The one in Detroit wasn't officially the Chicklets Cup.
It's the Chicklets Cup.
Come on, R.A.
Come on, R.A.
There was just no signs of nobody calling it that.
But it was the Chicklets Cup. Oh, he's sensitive. He to be sensitive well wait you have you have the same voice from both tournaments so i
i'm the only guy ever to get vegas voice in detroit and vegas but i'll say this i i was in vegas uh
three nights like i'd been a couple times for two nights and then the third night it happened i said
never again that's too many two nights is plenty Night five is when you run into an issue. So everyone, we had the best weekend, but bear with us. As you could tell,
we're in one. We should get a lozenger sponsorship. I've had 14 hauls today. It's really something.
I'll say this. I coached as well as I could coach, which meant I was vocal. I was loud.
The voice goes. But every single tickled trip, we finish off with a pod,
and I can't talk, so it's pathetic.
Let's talk about the hockey boys.
We're going to talk about the losers first.
I'll tell you what, ball hockey is a different game, folks.
And the nose-faced killer, he came in,
and he lived up to every goddamn expectation.
Exactly what I said.
No one's touching him.
I mean, he gets all the credit, the team overall.
They're all good, yeah.
The Chicklets Cup, we were in the A Division ball hockey.
I put a team together, the big deal selects.
I had Terry Ryan involved, Terry Ryan Sr.
He brought a couple ball hockey ringers in.
I threw Merles on the squad, the on-the-bench guys.
And there was no easy games in the A Division.
I feel like I just played a full NFL season, including playoffs.
That's how bad my body feels.
I need 10 ice baths in a row with the deep tissue massage from Merle's
because that's pretty much all that you were bringing.
Both my big toenails are broken.
I have a bruise on the side of me, the side of a slot machine.
I'm blocking a shot.
By the way, you were trying to get out of the way of the shot.
Let's be honest.
I'm going to announce my retirement tonight,
but I'm going to be the coach.
So go on coaching.
To wrap it all up, though.
No, we're not ready to wrap that up.
The BCHL, is that how you call them?
How do you say it?
NBHL.
The NBHL.
They came, they represented, they beat us in the finals,
and we're going to be in Buffalo next,
so we're going to have to respond.
So we got our clocks cleaned.
It was a little bit embarrassing having a few former NHL guys on there
just get mopped the floor with the nose-faced killing gang.
And I made kind of a joke about it.
I didn't really show them the respect that I should have, and now I do.
I respect them.
But as I said, I'm taking my roster spot out. I already have
a guy signed for the next one
that's a real player and I'm
just going to run the door of coaching.
Because our coaching with the door, you got
so mad about it. It was a little frustrating.
Now we've got to thank G who set the whole
thing up. The original idea to start
this roller hockey and ball hockey stuff
was all Grinelli and it's came together
pretty nicely for the second one.
Yeah, it was a blast.
I actually couldn't believe it.
You see the big Vegas sign in the background, and you're like,
this started from just a couple high conversations of me just calling Biz,
being like, we should just do a roller tournament.
These videos I'm making are kind of fun right now.
Now we have 1,000 people here at one point. It was unbelievable.
I think we should talk about the biggest rookie move
of the weekend, though, aside from
ball hockey. Thank you, G, by the way, for the
ball hockey. You're not moving on from
ball hockey yet. I was going to
bring up G's appearance at the
club last night. No, we're saving that.
We're saving that. We're saving credit card
duties. Hilarious what we're going to give you some shit
about. Just a classic move, though.
Not to get you anxious for the rest of the episode.
I already know what's coming.
All right, either way.
Either way.
Ball hockey-wise, I finally got to meet Terry Ryan and his father.
I had never been up there with you and just great people.
And the rest of the team, they brought all these new feats.
We had a team from Edmonton, a team from Toronto, you guys.
That's just the A division of ball hockey.
Then all the roller blade guys.
We had Patrick Sharp joined Barstool.
That team was much improved.
Shout out Riggs.
Pretty nasty.
Played well.
Unbelievable hands.
Now, listen, they were in the D division.
For everyone listening, the D division.
The first game, people couldn't skate.
I was like, this is pathetic.
If you don't win it, you're losers.
But you did win.
And there were some games that went on that the teams were way better than that first team.
But the whole thing, I met a guy who came.
He lives in Atlanta, and he was just hanging out on Thursday night.
Or no, Wednesday night, excuse me.
And he's like, oh, Vegas, Chicklets Cup.
I'll just go out there.
I got nothing going on.
Flew out, met a bunch of people like that that were just not only there to play but there to enjoy like meet meeting us meeting all the other barstool guys getting to
watch some good hockey food trucks all the people that that helped us live event lisa there's a
never-ending list where this has turned into such a fun thing because you're not only just getting
to see good competitive hockey for guys who still want to be able to play and do things when you get
older like this
is it right this is all you have it was also just the people that were there to enjoy the time and
just take in a fun weekend so it was great a team from hawaii and a team from alaska did we say
buffalo we are yeah you said it buffalo's sorry buffalo's next in july buffalo's gonna be all
right how was your experience uh i i like Eric Stratton in Animal House.
Eric Stratton, Rush GM, and damn glad to meet you.
I think that every group we talked to was like,
I think we saw R.A. at 5 a.m. last night when we got back.
And then another team the next night.
I think we saw R.A. 6 a.m.
It's like you were pushing the limits.
That's bullshit.
Oh, my.
We're going to have to get.
I wasn't even close to saying.
I saw you
what two nights ago i i mean you were fucking food i was fucking i could have driven is it a
bad thing if you're out till then no but i'll come up to it but i know i i uh i actually fucking
kind of took it easy i mean i was i closed that by one o'clock they fucking left my credit card
there i went fucking back to the hotel.
Well, funny enough, Hakkasan, that's where the picture was released with R.A. with Zgris.
So Zgris, who we'll get to that.
What a legend.
He pulls that off.
He gets one try.
He pulls that off.
And then all of a sudden, there's a backstory behind it, too.
Oh, what is it?
So apparently Gibson was supposed to blindfold him one time so he could at least see a little bit through the blindfold, which, hey, a little bit of a cheat code.
Don't blame the guy for the move he pulled off.
He doubled up?
He double-blindfolded him.
He doubled up?
Oh, he must have done that in person to the rookie.
He double-wrapped it.
Veteran move in Vegas.
He said he panicked.
He panicked when he couldn't see at all.
So the move, we didn't get to see it live with the ball hockey ending.
We had the closing ceremonies as the skills was going on.
All of a sudden, I kind of checked Twitter, and obviously it's going viral.
The fact he's able to put it on the edge and pick it up is, to me, impossible.
And then when he starts doing the one-handed stuff, I can't even get the puck on its edge.
He probably had the stuff that the MLB pitchers were using.
What's this, spider sticky?
The spider tacky?
The stuff that's on the bat.
How would he have done that otherwise?
No, I think he can easily pick it up whenever he wants at full speed.
That's what it seemed like.
But probably the biggest fleece of the whole experience.
Petro ends up winning it, the hometown favorite,
and he doesn't get the 35,000,
which the night before the fastest skater competition,
I think we ran into Kairou at the Aria,
and I think we offered him a drink.
He's like, no, no, no.
He goes, I'm going to win the fastest skater tomorrow,
and then I'm going to have fun the next night.
Well, sure as shit, Kairou goes out and wins 35,000
for winning fastest skater and upsets McDavid,
who everybody thinks is going to throw on the burners.
So Kairou, the most undercover fastest skater in the entire league.
Right there, Whit Dogg.
Not anymore.
Not anymore. He's not undercover.
I think he spent it all at Hakkasan, too, so I think he's going home even.
Guys, can you stop talking about Kairou?
Because I've been EBRing his picks.
The odds on him for every night to get a point are so...
They're not on to him yet? They're not on to him.
Shh, quiet.
Don't worry.
Merle's just paying for the baby formula
with the fucking EBR.
Don't blow him up.
Merle's going to be using newspaper
as diapers. He can't even buy the cheap
ones when he gets back after this trip.
I don't think we mentioned that
fucking Grinnelli's team won the fucking
division. We didn't even mention that.
No, we did.
I just mentioned it, but it's
years and years of losing
finally culminated
to a big W.
I hope everything kind of pops into my mind about
the different games you had, but one that
I just thought of was right when you won it. I was sitting kind of pops into my mind about the different games you had. But one that I just thought of was right when you won it.
I was sitting kind of behind a guy and his wife who were from Edmonton.
And they just came down to visit Vegas, go to the All-Star game.
And then we were there.
So they came over.
I had just talked to them for 10 minutes.
The game ends.
You guys celebrate.
Sharp had put his helmet on just for the championship game.
He was going just backwards hat, looked unreal.
Championship game, he puts on his old
uvm green bucket with a like a shield the only guy that did it was rudy because he got new jibs
so someone said why are you putting a helmet on now he goes i'm really playing a win so mind you
he takes the helmet off and that family that i was sitting right behind that i just met
the woman she did oh my god who is that guy that just took the helmet off and the husband's
like what she's like that's the hottest man i've ever seen i was like oh that was the second nice
meeting you guys that was the second proposal we saw at uh trickle scott she literally divorced
the guy right there and she's with sharpie now we sell it she was jamming herself with the pink
whitney bill though that we were selling at the merchandise shop. There it goes. There it goes. How about me looking off Patrick Sharp?
Oh, gee, you donkey.
And you guys interrupt me when I'm talking too much.
No, I love it.
Gee, in the first game, I'm going there, I'm watching.
First shift.
First shift of the first game.
He gets a two-on-one off a turnover.
He's got Patrick Sharp buzzing down the right side.
The defenseman was not in the middle of the two-on-one he was playing it horrifically like G could have just slid it over
to him instead of sliding over as the bench is like Sharpie Sharpie he goes to shoot whiffs
completely and falls over I went my mouth is just a jar Feidelberg's next to me he says oh my god he
may lose his fucking job for that it was pathetic now you bounce back
quick because that same shift i believe you had the same opportunity you slid it over him what
happened bar down oh i know you guys in the next game i got the game winner though let's not forget
that oh you played awesome you played great i was watching one who was the biggest liability
barstool jordy he is a bender now now even prez got involved on that tough slide there
is he on waivers then?
You can't really put anyone on waivers after a W.
I feel like we've got to run it back with the same team.
Yeah, you can't be the coach that changes the lineup.
I got to disagree there.
You've got to get somebody that's hungry for the championship.
He needs the hunger.
Well, here's the thing.
I said before the tournament, I was asked by Devlin or somebody doing the social,
who's the worst player on the team, basically.
I think they said LVP.
Now, I'm not one to bring people down, as you guys know, but I still felt like I should say, well, Jordy's horrific.
Like, you know, you go look at him.
Like, he can't be doing hockey blogs about how bad he is at roller hockey, basically, is what you're saying.
Well, no, such a great guy.
I saw him right when we got in at the check-in.
What's up, Jordy?
And then you just see him get on the blade.
You're like, oh, my God.
If he's not better at lacrosse, buddy won.
He's a champion.
I was going to say, if he's not better at lacrosse,
he should be shot into a rocket ship
and never be seen at barstool again.
What do you think Patrick Sharp's thinking
when he's playing on a line with guys like that?
Even guys like me, too.
He just had a blast.
He's probably thinking, I got the biggest dick on this team.
I got the biggest bank account.
I got the best teeth.
I got the best hair. I got the best hair.
I got the best skin.
I'm basically Lundqvist, but just maybe not a goalie.
He's like a forward Lundqvist.
So don't worry if you don't feel like passing to me because I'm good.
Another former Blackhawk, not three rings, two rings, Christopher Stieg.
That guy is a fucking character.
We had a time catching up with him.
I got to play with him in Florida.
One of my favorite NHL stories, I've said it a million times so quickly,
he got healthy scratched after a game in Florida.
We got to D.C. 3 in the morning.
Hey, Steeger, you're not playing B on the ice at 10 a.m.
He went to the arena.
I was also scratched.
He took every puck and flicked every single one into the stands.
Coach goes, okay, see you.
That was it.
But catching up with him was awesome his team won too
yeah i think i think they were getting called out for a little bit of the uh the what you guys did
he go i think is uh when we called them on stage because their team wanted to write in and i said
what do you have to say and he goes they called i called my first ring the the caner the second
ring the taser because it taves and he, I'm calling this third one the Steger.
Because he earned it, and he was the best player
on their team, for sure.
Gotta give props to Chef Donnie, too, who replaced me
in that. Oh, he was money. Those two
saves he made at the end of the game, when the
back-to-back Unreal saved the game, I gotta
dap him up. Also, the local support
was incredible. So many people from, like,
Las Vegas who showed up, and also people who
drove and flew in and weren't even playing.
They just came to hang out.
A guy had his two young kids.
They drove four hours from San Diego.
Oh, we saw a woman and a couple with, I think, an eight-week-old from Colorado.
They drove.
So what you're saying is true.
We appreciate that a lot, too.
Very much.
It's overwhelming.
And Vegas is a hockey town, man.
There's no doubt about it. It's a sports town this weekend a lot, too. Very much. It's overwhelming. Vegas is a hockey town, man. There's no doubt about it.
It's a sports town this weekend, too, with the Pro Bowl.
We spent a lot of time off the top here talking about this whole tournament.
Well, we're going to do these episodes off the rails.
Everyone, let's say we're just shooting the shit. All-star break.
But to summarize it all, though, you guys kind of just touched on it.
Thank you to the fans because we don't really get to have that live interaction very often.
And we're treating these moving forward as kind of like this like type of festival we mentioned that we're doing
buffalo we are going to be doing boston as well so we're trying to create this live event atmosphere
bring you know current and former nhlers we want the fans interacting with them and just give them
a really cool experience and it seems like the every fan who showed up was very impressed by
what happened and we're going to keep taking keep taking your feedback and growing it and making it better.
Trickle's Cup. Thank you, everyone.
Yeah, very well said.
And, R.A., when you say it's a hockey town,
we were waiting around at the entrance of the arena,
Merle's and I, for G and Biz to get the tickets and stuff,
and there's an enormous line of people.
But they were selling beers.
It wasn't near a beer tent.
I was like, what is this line for?
Somebody said, oh, they're taking pictures with a player.
I'm like, what's going on?
I see Mark Stone.
I'm like, they're taking pictures of his all-star cardboard cutout.
There's 35 to 40 Vegas fans all in Vegas jerseys.
This place is diehard about their team, which is pretty cool to see.
The football teams here, they say there's going to be an NBA team possibly.
They're building a baseball stadium, too.
They're knocking down the Tropicana.
You got the Oakland A's here.
Would that be the team that moves?
Most likely, I would say.
Just any team in Oakland goes to Vegas.
That's a tough one.
Oakland.
Shout out Oakland.
It was a huge Pink Whitney weekend out here in Vegas.
The town loves hockey.
It loves Pink Whitney.
It was great to pair them up once again.
Lots of victory shots for the boys this weekend.
So load up for the big game coming up this weekend.
I'll head over to your local bar and make sure to order some Pink Whitney.
Well, since we're talking about bottles and maybe it segues well into bottle service.
Rarely.
I'm not a bottle service guy anymore.
I used to, in my heydays, when I was in my 20s, we would go out.
You get the table with the guys.
So last night, it was one of those situations.
We're at dinner, and Grinnelli's like, who's going to get control of the tab?
And I'm like, well, I'm not going to last much longer.
The noise gets loud in there.
I'm tired from the ball hockey.
Grinnelli, you're going to be in charge of the credit card.
And I guess I'll let you take over from here.
But it was pretty much a full-fledged disaster from takeoff.
So prior to going in, now I would say looking back,
bottle service is the biggest joke in the world.
That's all I did from, let's say, 2005 to 2013-ish.
Just every weekend, ball of service.
I look back now, I wouldn't change a thing.
But as I get older, it's pathetic.
So as we're going in, G said, Whit, will you order everything?
Because someone, when you go in, you got to meet the girl doing the service.
You order all.
Tits are out.
Oh, yeah.
Masks on in Vegas, though.
I also just didn't want to be the guy that was getting freaked out on in the service, and you order all. Tits are out. Oh, yeah. Masks on in Vegas, though.
I also just didn't want to be the guy that was getting freaked out on in the booth, which ended up happening.
So, yes, I knew you didn't.
And that's why you were kind of in a no-win situation, because not knowing this stuff,
you would never know.
And it's also a great-
And they bully you.
Great learning experience for all you young bucks out there.
Yes, we're teaching young bucks right now.
When the cocktail server comes over, she's got the-
Yes, we're teaching people.
You're right.
She's got the bar riding right up her ass,
and she's got her tits hanging out, and you're 10 bottles of Dom.
Let's do it.
Rock and roll.
And the occasional even, the occasional.
Everyone listening knows it.
The occasional as she's showing you the menu.
She's rubbing your shoulder.
Oh, yeah.
Just totally hook, line, and sinker.
So she goes in there.
Merle's lots of Chinese.
Oh, sorry.
Can I tell you one thing?
If you're teaching the kids kids gratuity is already included i've got snapped on that a few times you tip them again it's already
in so remember that kids at home gratuity is already included so it's 40 if you don't if you
don't figure it out quick so you were in a no win but um you went in and then all of a sudden you asked me before i said gee i'm
being there 15 minutes and i get in and sure shit i see that that beautiful young woman go over to
gee she's got the big light for the menu you look at the menu the bottles they're marked up 10 times
it's an absolute joke so you got to go in with a plan i going to get three bottles of vodka, whatever. You had no plan whatsoever.
Zero plan.
I would say I'd get 10 liters of Everclear, as much sugary drink as possible that's on the house, maybe some water, maybe, and a couple bathroom visits from the bouncer.
And as you had no game plan, she says, well, why don't we start with some champagne?
And listen, sir, Mikey G, the star of the D Division champions.
She might have been rubbing her cock at this point.
She says, why don't you start with the Dom, too?
Because you're celebrating.
I see your chicklets cup.
Next thing you know, we got the stupidest, most ridiculous light show that they do in clubs,
which, by the way, I love.
Back in the day, I loved it.
I have to get LASIK because of it.
And I see six bottles of Dom.
I'm like, Grinnelli.
The whole goddamn table budget was blown before everybody had got to the
Nobody even had their wristbands on, and fucking the whole budget had been blown on Dom Perignon
for a fucking roller hockey win in the fucking C division.
D! D!
The D division!
D!
The D division!
It was three bottles of Dom, two bottles, two Magnum vodka bottles,
and a bunch of Red Bulls.
I'm drinking vodka Red Bulls.
I don't care.
I was fine.
Everybody and their aunt who was here for the All-Star game
was showing up to that table last night.
I mean, I would have took a Gatorade jug full of Everclear, and that would have been good.
No, Tom.
I love it.
Sign the tab now.
Gratuities included, and we're out of here.
In another moment, I'm telling you guys, you kids listening at home, always get a case of beer.
Because everybody's coming up to your table.
Give me a drink.
Give me a drink.
Give them the 6 beer.
Yeah.
Instead of the 800 bottle of vodka.
So you always, I remember I taught you that your rookie.
Yep.
Taught me a lot.
A case of beer.
Yeah.
Four bottles of Grigos, case of beer.
And hold on, if you're a group of guys out there, maybe charge people on the way by to
sniff the vodka.
Cause that's how it may be a buck a pop just to sniff the bottle.
They get to lick the top
but hold on to get back some of the dough so so when you imagine our crew there i mean it's all
the it's all the behind the scenes people we talk about and then the barstool personalities i love
barstool chief i i i like you know jordy like these aren't dom perry on guys like nope none of us need
a dom like i love you guys but I'm the same way.
We don't need Dom Perignon.
I drank toilet water here in Vegas.
I used to go over to the bathroom and fill my cup up for the first few years I was coming.
Because once you pay for the hotel and all the money you lost on the tables, it adds up, right?
It adds up.
Speak for yourself.
You get the resort fee on top of your hotel bill.
Internet for you, Jizz, because you struck out three nights in a row.
I won't pay for the internet 10, but I'll lose 300 at the craps table.
That's what I'm saying.
Give me a fucking password.
Call down the front desk for it.
In my defense.
Oh, she sounds cute.
In my defense, we had two tables.
It was like 65 people.
I had to worry about sponsors.
I had to worry about behind-the-scenes people. I had to worry about sponsors. I had to worry about behind-the-scenes people.
I had to worry about NHL players.
I had to worry about all the barstool personalities,
all getting into the booth all at once,
and then this girl comes up to me and sandbags me.
I asked you to buy the bottles.
I asked you to pick the bottles.
You both said no.
You should have known.
You should have known.
We were teeing you out.
Hey, we're going to pass the buck.
It was a team loss. Just like it was for the big deal select. Okay, I'll take it. We were seeing you out. Hey, we're going to pass the buck. It was a team loss.
Just like it was for the big deal selects.
Okay, I'll take it.
And we can move on.
The good news is, though, is R.A. had a good time.
But once again, he was home by 12 last night.
Yeah.
Spark showed up at 1230.
He doesn't stay up past midnight.
Him and Zegers were fucking doing belly button shots with each other on the DJ booth until 4 a.m.
But R.A. was somehow in bed right in the outline at 12 o'clock.
He was DJing for Loud Luxury, too.
Did you see that?
I didn't expect to get put on the ones and twos.
You were on the stage?
They pulled me over and put the fucking headphones on my head.
I just started doing like 80s fucking dance like the Cabbage Patch and running.
I don't know what the fuck I was doing.
So let me ask you, what do you think of like that type of music?
Because I'm just like, oh, man.
I'm not a club guy.
But last night, I'll definitely go to something like that
where the setup's all there.
But even when I'm in my 20s, I was never really a club guy.
Just not my scene.
I'm an Irish pub type of guy.
Terry Ryan Sr., when he walked in and started picking up
and the lights were going, he's like, I feel like I'm on Mars.
He goes, I feel like I'm on Mars.
Left my credit card there, too.
Oh, nice.
Yeah, just so you could say you can go back tonight to get it. In the bathroom where he's chopping up his Villalinos.
What else you got for us, R.A.?
Oh, snap.
Let's see what else.
Biz, moving right along.
Your boy, Mark Madden.
What's up with him fucking chirping our tournament?
What do you mean?
What do you do?
What a great face the Chicklets Cup is putting on ball hockey.
Thanks, guys.
Hashtag clown show.
Wow.
Madden, are you kidding me right now?
How much love have we given Madden?
What a pigeon.
Madden, are you serious?
What an absolute pigeon.
Oh, hold on.
Wait, so he said... I sent him a pair of stretchy waist jeans for fucking Christmas,
and he's going to fucking send us a tweet like that?
What the hell, Mark?
Wait, so why is he mad?
What is he saying?
Just what a great face the Chicklets Cup has put on ball hugging.
Thanks, guys.
All right, so I'll say this.
So, Mark, which I know you're listening right now.
Big fan of you.
I love going on your show.
We could chat about this.
You're sitting at home while we have one day a thousand people came by including
competitors and every one of them or not every one of them but all the guys and girls i talked
to said they had a blast thank you for putting on so everyone here who's having a really good time
playing with their buddies being competitive having some drinks you say is a clown show
sweet that's a solid argument right there mark so stay hot And we can chat about it whenever on your show
But for us to do something where I think everyone's
Really enjoying themselves and you dog it
You have no idea what you're talking about
Maybe we need more villains maybe we invite him to the next one
Okay
Maybe that's what it is
So he's a big time ball hockey
I think they call it deck hockey
Maybe we should put him in that
Maybe he's pissed he's not here And he's like you know what since I'm not there I think they call it deck hockey. Maybe we should put him in net. Fuck, you take up the whole fucking thing.
Maybe he's pissed he's not here.
And he's like, you know what?
Since I'm not there, I'm going to dog their show.
Put him in net.
We'll get him a per diem pack.
We'll get him a marker at the next table of whatever casino we do it with.
And we'll bring him Roethlisberger.
He can interview Roethlisberger with us because that's his boy.
And then we can announce Crosby to the Avs together.
Mark, what do you think about it?
All right.
I don't know. I don't get it because it doesn't just clown show. I can at least explain what you
mean. I love how this guy shits all over people.
There was no other tweets.
There was no other tweets.
Not in that particular section. It wasn't like a thread. It was just
a random one. So I don't even know what the fuck
he's trying to say.
Well, why even talk about it?
We had four national team players
from Canada, and then the team we played against
had three U.S. national team players.
What he means to clown is these are the best players
in the world. Yeah, exactly.
That's a good point, and that reminds me of
what I wanted to mention in meeting
the guys from Terry's team. Connor,
K-Man,
I'm drawing a blank. apologize but who the big redhead
what Esky
Esky was a part of this conversation
but I'm forgetting someone else that was showing me
and Terry, Terry Jr
so they go and play in the Worlds
they show me the stadium that the
KHL team in Slovakia
plays at Murr
16,000 packed
and I think the Czech won the world championship in overtime.
And Terry Ryan was there videoing it.
He pans up and down.
It's like if a home team won the Stanley Cup in overtime.
It was crazy.
So I didn't know that the Worlds were that entertaining to even go and be a part of.
So, Madden, we had a couple guys who played in it.
I guess it was a clown show.
I'm moving right along to the other big story,
the All-Star game today.
Well, the tourney, I guess you'd call it.
The Metro beat the Central 5-3 to win the mini tourney.
Claude Giroux was named MVP,
three goals including two in the final.
He got a new Honda Passport for that.
The winning team is going to split a million dollars,
but I think the main story, Pasha.
Pasha was the main story of the All-Star game.
Should we bring him on for a couple minutes?
He had the same sleep schedule as R.A. this weekend.
Pasha.
No, me and Terry Ryan Sr. went to bed at the same time.
Oh, geez.
Yeah, that really says something.
Like he wouldn't stay out late.
What do you want to know?
I want to know.
Well, actually, I got to give you credit.
Absolutely crushed the All-Star game today in terms of coverage.
And when our behind-the-scenes video of this trip comes out, you're going to see why.
You decided to just somehow enter the locker room, correct?
It was the ice, yeah.
I rolled in with Sean and River uh kind of half cut from last
night and i see this hallway to the ice and i go boys might as well try it so i walk up and i go to
the penalty box and i kind of knock on the glass and the guy in there looks at me i flash the pass
he goes okay walk out on the ice and uh i'm the only media guy out there not a single camera out
there guys are skating around i walked to the You know, saying hi to a couple guys.
They're waiting to drop the puck. I'm literally buzzing around
like, hold the camera on the fucking ice.
And I'm like, okay, this is probably
the time to go now. But it got some great content
for the vlog. Oh, the content's amazing,
but then you gotta head back
up to the box. Well, yeah, listen, hold on.
So he gets ahead. So I didn't even know he was
down there, and Merle and I are just chatting as
we're waiting in between whistles. Oh, we're I are just chatting. We're waiting in between whistles.
We're putting our bets in.
We're putting our bets in.
Let's get this game going.
What's going on?
Why is it stalled?
Yes, yes, yes.
Kind of looking up.
I said, is that Pasha?
Merles goes, what the fuck?
We're like, what is he doing?
The ref's like this.
There's just a cameraman running across center ice in the middle
of the all-star game who what is going on i remember everyone look give me this look it's
like the guys are literally circling the face off that ready to get anybody say hi i'm at the bench
just chatting with a couple guys i look behind everyone's like literally like staring at me i'm
the only guy who's not playing on the ice with my fucking camera not supposed to be there okay so
everyone i think we're all aware of what pasha's done in terms of making
fake concert tickets fake credentials he gets in everywhere jason bourne now you you were you
you were called oh somebody knew who you were today right yeah so his name's making the rounds
so we go to the credential office and then shall we gotta go grinelli told us they had our names
whatever so we go show our ids we take a little selfie. And as the girl's kind of printing it out, whatever, we're talking, how long you worked at the NHL, blah, blah, blah.
I'm like, oh, do you know Maddie Nicholson?
He's my boy, the guy that I work with at the NHL.
She goes, yeah, I know Maddie.
I go, yeah, I work with Maddie all the time.
She goes, I know who you are.
I know your name.
Yep, Maddie's told me about your fake IDs.
I know exactly who you are.
And he's still running across the ice.
So the story doesn't...
Heidi Browning might be aware of the situation.
Same with...
Steve Mayer.
Steve Mayer.
Great people.
Who kind of runs the whole show.
Great people.
Mind you, he might have been more crippled than I was at the event today.
Shut out NHL.
Hey, the fact that these...
No, it was allergies.
It was allergies.
Oh, was it?
Yeah, it does get dry here.
Oh, yeah.
That's why my voice is bad.
It's just really dry in the desert.
But also, shout out the NHL.
They put on an incredible event, skills-wise, game-wise.
The fans were entertained.
And all the people behind the scenes who run it, they are top notch.
Hey, as you try stroking off the NHL, let me
It's a double wrister.
The story doesn't end.
It's a double wrister.
Yeah, shout out TNT, guys, too. Thank you. The story doesn't end. It's a double wrister. Yeah, shout out TNT guys too.
Thank you.
The story doesn't end.
So Pasha comes up and this is where you pulled the great movie.
You said, Biz, we have to go down there and we'll just guerrilla warfare film like little interviews.
That's how we did it in the past.
And Biz kind of never really usually does this.
Never really usually.
What a sentence.
He says, I don't't know i don't know right
now i can't go because i can't talk pasha says no biz we gotta go so they go down all right great
now i know biz is gonna crush it you're getting them down in there and we're watching these two
they go back to the penalty box that pasha just exited the ice from they knock on the door same
thing this fool's just like come on down it. It could have been anyone. And they're running across.
But now this time the Zamboni's out on the ice.
And I'm like, okay.
This is my mind.
Biz is a hockey player.
They're well aware that when the ice is wet and the Zamboni's on there and you're in sneakers,
you are in warfare mode.
It's game on.
But you're going from uncut ice to cut ice to uncut ice.
But non-hockey players don't notice.
It gets way slippier.
You've got to activate every goddamn muscle in your core
to keep afloat there.
So Biz is well aware of what's going on,
and we're watching him very carefully,
and he gets across.
Pasha, all of a sudden,
we see the right ankle move that touch,
and I was like, here we go.
Now, when you're falling and you try to stop yourself from falling, that is when it gets really ugly.
You almost have to just give in.
He tried to save himself.
It was 27 seconds before he went down.
I started screaming with my voice like this.
Tell me somebody caught it on camera.
Business, business, babe, Katie.
I got it.
But the best thing about him, though,
he held the camera up.
He didn't smash his own camera.
For the content.
Anything for the content.
Elbow smash.
Put the body on the line for the content.
By the way, NHL, we'll be sending a letter
from our lawyer's office for Pasha's elbow
and his camera lens that might have gotten smashed.
I think Gritty was above the bench and saw it and was, like,
mocking you as you got off with the camera.
But tell us what happened once you went back scenes after Pasha.
So we go in there, and it's just, like, every five steps, people are like,
oh, no, sorry, your pass is no access to this area.
We're like, oh, yeah, sounds good.
Kind of turn around and then just walk in.
Everyone's just, like, looking at us. Baze is just
interviewing the guys. We've got Tyreek
Hill and Baze doing a full-blown
dance-off. His
manager's like, who's supervising this?
Who's in charge of this interaction right here?
They're doing the dance business. What would your
celly be? Wait, wait. I want to ask Brielle a question.
So we asked him. He goes,
I know two NHL hockey players.
Guess who they are?
Two.
Tyreek Hill knew two NHL hockey players.
I wouldn't have gotten this correct, although that's giving it away, I think.
Who do you think's been the face of the league?
Austin Matthews.
I know it should be so obvious to you, but it's not.
It's pretty obvious.
I know, but he won't get it.
David?
No.
So he goes, I know Alex Ovechkin, and I know Sidney Crosby.
And I said, that's respect for knowing those guys,
because they've been carrying the league on their backs.
He's coming up 20 years, basically.
Let's say 15 to play.
Save Pittsburgh.
Change the Capitals.
I don't even care if Ovi played the fake COVID card for the fucking All-Star game
so he can miss the few afterward.
He 100 did.
We got the Putin access on the COVID card.
But he knew those two.
But I told him, I said, Tyreek, I said, you need to know McDavid
because he is the cheetah on ice.
He's the guy?
He's like a cheetah slash Mahomes.
He's got all of it, right?
He's like a hybrid.
And then I asked him, I said, what would you do as your on ice celly?
And then what did he choose, Pasha?
Stick between the legs.
He starts riding the stick between the legs.
His handlers are not okay.
Like they're looking at each other.
They're like, who's running this interview?
Like, cause everything is structured when he gets there, right?
Every interview, everything.
Biz and I are in there.
He's riding the fucking horse.
Biz is grinding on him.
His handler's like, who's supervising this?
Like who's in charge?
I gave him the sweatiest, most awkward nap that that guy had probably i put him in a blender
with my dap this just goes into the the the fact that if you go somewhere and you act like you own
the place you're just like oh yeah i'm here it's crazy most people are all right even his handlers
you'd think they'd be like stop they're just looking to pass the buck oh yeah if you get
drunk and high enough and have a crazy enough photographer slash videographer you could
accomplish anything folks sky's the limit put that on my tombstone we know we got pasha was
great job pasha was rubbing his cock off because we got to interview pete the boar for a little bit
we got we got him on the funny side and then we got him on the serious side he was he's awesome
he's a g and then pavelski i told serious side. He's awesome. He's a G.
And then Pavelski, I told him, why are you dodging us in the sandbaggers?
He goes, I ain't.
Trust me.
I'm coming for you post-retirement.
And then I told him to let the kids play, and then he's going to probably pot another 40 tucks this year.
Yeah, yeah.
I didn't see any of those guys, but yeah, I think you did a little quick thing with Matthews too, right?
We got Bedard on the bench.
Who?
Is that Bedard?
Is that how you say his last name?
Bedner.
Bedner is the Bedner coach.
I was like, that number one overall.
You know why I said it like that?
Because I'm jealous of his looks.
I was going to say, you're jealous of how good he looks.
He's a fucking missile.
I don't know what he does with his
I don't know what his skin care routine is,
but they should get the 10 essentials from Bedner.
Not Bedard who's going to the Coyotes rigged draft from fucking our boy.
Who's our boy?
Bettman.
Yeah, yeah, Bettman.
Oh, we saw Bettman.
No, Bettman.
No, Bettman.
We saw Gary.
Gary Bettman, fuck whatever sketch or sticker deal you're getting, you owe 35 grand to Zegers.
The fact that he showed up was not an all-star.
He showed up here.
Oh, yeah.
He should have won that little.
You really had to twist his arm to come to Vegas.
He should at least pay for the tab that Zegers racked up at Hawkasan last night.
Was dad and all his buddies or down at the Chicklets Cup?
Merles and I were walking, looking for the box we had.
We're kind of walking down.
And all of a sudden, you look up, you see Gary, and there are like seven of his, I don't
know, it was his security or his team or his trench men.
Yeah, they're behind him into a V, so he's just like leading the charge, and everyone's
behind.
I was like, look at Gary's staff.
We're like, what's up, Gary?
I don't think he knew who we were, remember, but I said, I know Biz.
He knows you guys.
He splits a timeshare
with Air Force One now. That's how
big Gary's gotten.
We met him at the All-Star game in San Jose.
Remember that? Yeah. No, hey, listen.
Gary's done a great job of growing the league. Now,
I think this is a good segue to talk about the
Coyotes and what he's been... No,
it is. And listen, I work for the Coyotes. You're joking
right now. You were ringing up the
Yotes.
5,000 seats at the ASU stadium.
Good or bad, Whit?
Good or bad?
You tell me.
ASU college campus students getting into the game, growing the game, tits on the glass.
We didn't talk about this last week.
No, we didn't.
But it's Vegas.
It's Vegas.
No, but Gary Bettman had to answer questions about it.
So it's an even bigger deal.
I didn't see any of the answers, so feel free to send.
It's not very often Gary addresses the media.
He did, I believe, at the outdoor game last,
and then, of course, the all-star game he speaks.
And this is something that he's obviously doubled down on.
Tripled.
We can't.
Tripled, quadrupled.
He's like Merle's at the fucking craps tables at 4 a.m.
with his fucking Skechers on the table,
putting on the push line or the pass line
or whatever the fuck that line is called.
Gary, I'm with you.
I want hockey in the desert to work.
Give me all you got, Gary.
How about you fucking rig it
so Austin Matthews can come to the desert?
He fucking grew up there.
Hey, hey.
Sorry.
WWF.
Hey.
Sorry.
What should the, good or bad? We're getting fucking both, guys. Horrible. WWF. Hey. Sorry. What should the  good or bad?
We're getting fucking both, guys.
Horrible.
Horrible.
I actually hear there's a chance Shane Wright might refuse to be drafted.
He's going Eli fucking Manning on the Yotes.
Breaking news.
I'm just kidding.
I'm just kidding.
But who knows?
5,000 seats, maybe he says, I don't think so, fellas.
I'm coming off the fucking top ropes on Shane Wright if he dodges the Coyotes.
Why wouldn't Eli have wanted to play for the Chargers, by the way?
What a great place to live, San Diego.
Is Eric Lundjoss the last guy to dodge a place where he was drafted?
As far as I can remember, R.A.?
I don't know if the top might be.
I don't say it officially is.
I mean, we were doing this back in the OHL.
Not we. Well, I used to be cool. I want Marouche to chime in. I mean, we were doing this back in the OHL. Not we.
Well, I used to be cool.
I used to be good.
But my buddy Tim Conley was going to be the number one overall pick
in the 98 OHL draft in North Bay.
Is that a team?
Yeah, the Centennials.
That's where I was drafted.
And we're like, we're not going there.
He's not going there.
He's like, I'm going to the U.S. program.
Just Erie?
He was not going to the US
program but
he got himself away
from North Bay in Sudbury by
using that to get drafted by Erie
in the fifth slot so this has been
going on and yeah it doesn't always become
public but
this is just a complete thing I made up I don't even know what I'm
saying right it's not said that so you're saying
Shane Wright's got to say coyotes I don't want to what I'm talking about. Shane Wright has not said that. So you're saying Shane Wright's going to say,
Coyotes, I don't want to come.
I'm going to college.
Oh, I think they won't even get to that point.
It's the same.
Why do you think?
Sidney Crosby was a lottery.
It was Anaheim or Pittsburgh, the last two.
Here's the thing, though.
You think they didn't know which envelope they picked?
You have a lot more leverage as a guy being drafted to the National League.
Let's say I'm a team, right?
And let's say Shane Wright says, I don't want to come to the National League. Like, let's say I'm a team, right? And let's say the chain rights is,
I don't want to come to the Coyotes.
Well, I'm taking a dump on his parents' car in the driveway.
That's a guarantee.
And number two is,
but they're going to pick him regardless
because they can trade him for as many assets as they want
as opposed to skipping on the guy.
What I'm trying to say is that
we won't even get to that point.
Phoenix will lose, or Arizona will lose the lottery. Yeah, he's saying they'll never
give them the first overall pick. Yeah, they'll never get first overall.
They're never going to want a style
there. Sorry, Ben. Exactly. Let's move on
from the shitbag Yotes. And I won't
let that happen. And no offense, because that's
harsh what I just said. That's harsh.
I played for Arizona Coyotes three games.
With Wayne? Wayne was my
coach. I had three games. I have a total
of 12 minutes ice time.
About the same as you, Piss.
Positive notes for the Oats. Just quickly to end this.
Clayton Keller. Awesome. Having a really
sick year. He looked awesome out there. I know it's
three on three, but he's made a
big step this year. So that's definitely
what they need in terms of getting a little better.
All right. What do you got, Bud? All three games
went under. We're in Vegas. Got to talk to him.
When the final game had three disallowed goals,
I got a question from Twitter.
It says, they should go one ref, no linesman, and take out the lines.
What do you think?
For the All-Star game?
Yeah, like pond hockey style almost.
I think I'm open to any idea for All-Star.
I said that last week.
I think you should make it Hunger Game style.
I think it's fair to say the skills in my opinion have taken over viewership wise
than the actual game and sometimes it's hard to get the guys uh when competing against each other
going as hard as they want as opposed to like an individual skill so maybe not what like maybe like
the maybe the final stage is is is like assembling a random team on both sides
where they compete against each other for the money,
but how you get there should be individual skills-based.
And if you're not good in those individual skills,
you get dropped off of the first day, right?
So you kind of eliminate them just like you would in
Like a bracket kind of thing almost, right?
You bracket  there's so many fun
silly ideas you could do with the nhl all-star game in order to gain viewership and i think that
the the smaller segments like the skills garner the most attention because it's then afterward
the guys are a little bit looser because it's not a game it's you know you get the interview
afterwards so but that's not you know they did an incredible job incorporating new things.
They did it at the Bellagio Fountain.
So keep pushing the limits.
Keep doing silly shit.
Get more from the players behind the scenes.
Keep pushing that narrative.
Merles, I said this to you.
I like this idea.
What if they did like Olympic style, like the three-on-three?
What if that's three USA players, three Canada players, three Sweden players?
Because then people are going to get behind their country.
You know what I mean?
And then they'll get behind their fellow countrymen as well.
Maybe, yeah.
Olympic style, built to the national level.
There's enough players from all the countries now.
Exactly.
It's big enough.
And, yeah, I mean, obviously Canada's always going to be number one.
Give them two teams then.
There's two Canadian teams.
Exactly.
Can you imagine if that final was U.S., Russia?
We'd be like, all right, we've got to watch this.
Exactly. Or even imagine if that final was U.S., Russia? We'd be like, all right, we got to watch this. Exactly.
Or even USA, Canada.
And then if you put the Swedes against the Finns, those guys will kill each other.
Yeah.
They'll go harder than they do in their NHL games.
I'm saying.
Lower the cage.
Lower the cage.
Those guys have the nationalism.
They'll go nuts.
So the Finns hate the Ruskies more than the Swedes, given all the history there?
No.
Finland, Sweden's the biggest rivalry for hockey.
They always want to beat each other.
Well, you live in Sweden, so do they talk shit about Finns all the time?
Oh, yeah, there's always the jokes.
What do they say?
I know when I was in England, well, I was living in Wales,
and they used to call us sheep fuckers.
Yeah, they get me in a lot of trouble if I tell these jokes.
I got to go live there.
No, no, buddy, I played in Cardiff.
I was called the sheep fucker, too.
Well, you were fucking sheep.
That's why.
I mean, it was a lonely trip.
I mean, seven weeks.
There's no bumble over there.
Anyway, back to you.
What would you say to someone from Finland?
Like, you're a sauna addict.
Well, this is going to be a lot of like we're we're why i'm considering myself sweet we're better than them already
you know i mean so we don't even deal with them they chirp us it's kind of like canada us i don't
have anything to chirp a canadian because i already know i'm better you guys are the ones that have
the chirps against us does that make sense we? I think 50 of our listeners are Canadian.
I love Canada.
You've just lost half your EBR following.
I love EBR.
I love Canada.
We're coming up there soon.
I get more messages.
Can we get to Canada when you come?
And I go, we're coming soon.
Double wrister for Canada.
Thanks, fellas.
Hey, I love Canada.
I played in Toronto Metro League.
Poutine is my favorite food in the world.
Love poutine.
Harvey's, no free ads, is my favorite burger joint.
Wits fresh back from a mid-podcast crunch.
Spit it out, Biz.
No, I just had to pee.
And sometimes you got to go when you got to go.
What's the next subject?
You didn't miss anything.
You didn't miss anything.
I was just talking nonsense.
I mentioned the team won a million dollars.
They're going to split.
And if they're going to invest some of that dough wit, what should they do with it?
That's why we're here to talk about Alto.
And Alto hopped in big time with the Chicklets Cup.
They had their logo plastered around the boards in all six different arenas.
And I was doing a bunch of different kind of ad reads and swipe ups.
And I learned a lot more about the company. It's pretty, pretty cool idea to be able to invest in your retirement in a bunch of
different ways besides the old fashioned stock market. Now, real estate's a great thing. And
that's part of part of Alto along with crypto. I think it's the future of crypto and along with
artwork, wine, all these crazy things to diversify your portfolio. So we really appreciate Alto hopping on.
Check it out.
We had the MVPs of each division.
So eight MVPs.
They all got 500 into the  what do you got, Murr?
Did I win?
No, Murr, you stunk.
You're a coach now.
You got retired.
We want to thank Alto, and we also want to let everyone know that to get involved, you got to check out www.altoira.com. It's A-L-T-O-I-R-A.com. It's the future of crypto along with many other things. Check it out.
There's one other thing we need to address because as we're recording, we're noticing on Twitter, there's an NHL alumni event post-game today.
Now, the NHL alumni does a lot All-Star weekend, and they had a bunch of different things going on.
With the Chicklets Cup, some different interviews, a bunch of different things.
Biz, I, myself, excuse me, R.A., Grinnelli, all of us, we were supposed to get involved with the NHL alumni today after the game.
We ended up switching it up where Biz is staying and he's doing something tomorrow.
The app wasn't updated for some people to check out the schedule of events.
So for people who didn't update it, it said Biz and I were going to be there after the game for a meet and greet.
Apparently there was a few people there.
I don't know how many that are pretty upset at us.
And I don't know. To the lengths where somebody went on stage and said,
they're drunk, they didn't show up.
And I'll be honest, To the lengths where somebody went on stage and said, they're drunk. They didn't show up. And I'll be honest.
I am crippled right now.
But I promise you this.
If you think that's what prevented me from showing up to that event, you're out of your
You don't know.
You don't know, Biz.
But to wrap it up, the people who were there, I'm guessing you're listening and we apologize.
It was a complete miscommunication.
And Biz will actually be where he said he'd be at their event tomorrow or today if you're listening.
So sorry about that.
Well, it's going to be on Sunday after the All-Star game.
I'm out.
I'll be there at 11 to 1230.
We can hang out.
I'll sign whatever.
I'll do whatever.
I'll blow fucking the balloons where you make the animals.
I was like, I don't know.
Wait a minute.
No, no.
I'm not going to blow.
I would expect the balloon animals. You know what I mean? You want me to come tomorrow? I can go know. Wait a minute. No, no. I'm not going to blow. I would inspect the balloon animals.
You know what I mean?
Want me to come tomorrow?
I can go tomorrow.
Got him on his heels.
I'm here.
Merle's, that would be an all-time.
Can you blow?
Or do you not want me to go?
Merle's.
Yeah, mercy until Monday, too.
I don't know.
It depends if we get pre-Hawkasan Merle's, who turned into NYC Merle's, breaking glasses
because you were so crippled at dinner.
I went to bed. I was in bed by 1130. I'll say that's the injury.
Merle got buckled at dinner.
Merle got buckled at dinner. There was a little one of those
game of telephone instances
where Merle was buckled. A glass was broken.
He got up and went to the bathroom.
I heard. He's bleeding.
He cut himself. I go in the bathroom
to find him and make sure everything's okay.
He was gone. He was smart
enough. Another lesson for the people at home.
When you know you've had enough and you're crippled,
murder said, I'm taking myself out of the situation.
Don't be a lurker. I'm shutting it down.
And luckily, I said, where's the cut this morning
when we met up? And he goes, it's right here. It's a paper
cut, like half a centimeter. So
I think that the broken glass
was timed and gave you the message.
It wasn't me. It was the kid next to me that broke it.
There's always a fork in the road.
Rudy.
It's Rudy's fault.
Yes, I took the bullet for him.
I jumped on the grenade.
That's because you're a team guy, Murr.
There's always a fork in the road.
There's Minnesota RA or there's Murr putting himself to bed.
Right?
There's a fork.
There's always a fork.
And then all of a sudden you either end up puking at ice fishing or you end up fucking.
Great.
I went home and went to bed.
I woke up fresh today.
Buzzing.
Vegas.
The all-star game.
You're like a Wally Pippen me right now, Biz.
No, I love it, buddy.
I love it.
I love it.
We haven't mentioned that guest yet, but we've got a pair of Minnesota Wild players coming on in a bit.
Jared Spurgeon and Marcus Foligno from our Winter Classic trip.
Some good stuff coming.
I want to talk about a couple of the other highlights from the skills competition on Friday.
Kind of glossed over it.
Kirill Kaprizov dressed up as Ovi.
That's another player in the league shirt.
And he did the squeeze bottle.
And they did a little celly fire stuff.
Fake birth certificate.
Putin made him do that.
That was one of his celebrations.
The block card.
I think that was one of the years he got 50 was the celebration when the stick too hot.
And he also did it righty, naturally, even though he's a lefty.
So that was pretty good.
Wait.
The goalie we had for the big deal selects, Mike McKenna, was the goalie that he scored on.
I think he said that.
That was McKenna out there?
He goes, I think.
Wasn't it?
He goes, I'm the goalie that he did the hot thing on.
That was our goalie.
That is a fun fact. Not when we all started. Yeah, you're talking aboutie that he did the hot thing on. That was our goalie. Oh, that is a fun fact.
Not when we all started.
Yeah, you're talking about back when he scored the 50th.
When he scored that original thing that did the fire thing,
it was Mike McKenna who ended up being the big deal selects goalie.
Siv.
Stunk.
No offense, Mike.
But yes, so a little fun fact towards the whole ball hockey tournament.
Mike McKenna stepped in for a few games.
Ball hockey is a different sport.
It curves.
It curves.
The ball curves.
A couple of banana hooks here and there.
McKenna, I hope you work on your ball hockey skills.
But your goalies gave up a lot of goals from the defensive end.
You need better tending.
And they were working and grinding.
And shout out Dan.
He's from the Wounded Warriors.
The Vegas Wounded Warriors.
The Vegas Wounded Warriors hockey team.
He hopped in.
He won you guys a game.
Yep.
And after I was chatting with him,
and it was on our Twitter,
I said, great job.
He said, yeah,
actually didn't want to say it before,
but I'm blind in one eye
from when he was, you know,
fighting for our country.
So that was a great moment.
But as I pump his tire, you also kind of were really struggling in the second game, Dan.
I love you.
So you need some goaltending before Buffalo.
Big deal selects are looking for a goalie for Buffalo.
Biz, you actually talked to Gronk earlier about potentially being the oldest brother in the booth.
Yeah, Gordy Gronk was in the booth with us.
Gordy Gronk, the older Gronk.
Gronk played goalie?
Who should be getting credit for all the success
because the older brother is always the one beating him up
to make him strong enough to compete at higher levels.
You're welcome, Colin.
We asked him to play, and then he volunteered himself to be goalie,
and that's when I called Biz over.
I'm like, this is your guy.
This is your goalie.
Now, it brings us back to when Biz talked about bringing the group in
for this trip, the on-the-bench guys. Jacob and Ollie, thanks for coming.
I kind of mentioned, well, you know,
you're going a little celebrity route.
Do you want to win or do you want to make it a show?
So he needs a goalie to win.
So Gronk would be amazing.
And would you pass over winning for content?
Like, that's the decision you have to make.
Are you down to win or are you down to keep being
the most entertaining man in hockey?
I'll talk to Terry Ryan Sr. after this Vegas trip,
after he's gotten a seven-day rest period,
and we're going to go back to the Dragon Boar.
Maybe we'll bring on Stevie Bongrips as a team,
maybe assistant general manager.
Somebody said they saw him in a dispensary here in Vegas during the game.
Yeah, he was hitting it out.
I'm telling you, I got a guy.
I'm telling you, I'm done.
I'm done playing. I'm going to, I'm done. I'm done playing.
I'm going to move to the bench.
I have somebody to replace me.
And these are the national team.
These are the Canadian national team guys telling me this,
that he's the best ball player they've ever seen.
He's a current NHLer.
And you're not going to give it away, right?
I'm not going to tell you that.
But I got him signed for the big deal.
A current NHLer?
He's in the current NHL.
And these guys
are playing the ball hockey. They say that's the
best player I've ever seen. You heard the conversation.
Yep. I got him for us.
Teddy was getting shout out too in terms of dominating.
I stink. I know you want to get rid of me
out of the organization. You're trying to get rid of me out of the
organization. No, no. He's a
lefty. I got to keep myself in the organization. I'm going to
bring this guy for us. I'm just
coaching. I'm going to open the door. I'm coaching.
I'm the head coach with Terry Sr., but he needs a little help.
We keep getting sucked back into the ball hockey talk because it's just a
That's what we do on the show.
Well, it was a great weekend.
I have a million other things to say about it.
Little Jack Hughes, that was a great little skit in the spirit of Vegas.
Chris Angel, David Copperfield.
Did you guys catch that?
He was fucking Chris Angel mind freak at Hauan until 4 a.m. last night.
And then the blockjack table.
Did you guys see the first game he played in the All-Star game?
Didn't you say he wants us right when you saw him at Haukasan restaurant?
Didn't he say, I want you in a sandbagger?
Didn't he call you out?
Him and Quinn.
Oh, you guys.
You guys are his brothers.
They're in for one.
The big swinging dicks want a piece of the action with the sandbag.
But let's talk about his first shift.
Let's not talk about the first game.
Let's talk about the first shift.
He must have missed the net by a country mile.
He was seeing fucking, he was seeing the vodka.
You know what really got him?
It was Grinelli's Ace of Spades off the hop.
The 850 bottle of champagne.
That was the one that got him.
So thank you to Grinei for all you Hughes fans.
Remember Jack, the Jack Hughes diehard that was screaming in the bar,
Jack Hughes is a top seven player.
When you go to these meet and greets that we do,
it's 99 out of 100 the best people.
There's always one complete idiot.
This kid, by the end of the night,
all of a sudden he's belying over towards me.
I said, what's this guy doing?
He gets in my face.
Name me three players on the call that I have that's better than Jack Hughes.
I said, McKinnon, Rantanen, McCarr.
And Bedard.
The coach, Conor Bedard.
I said, he goes like this, okay, okay, four.
I mean, what do you mean?
I said, you just asked me for three.
Kadri's number four.
I love Jack Hughes.
I love Jack Hughes, but right now,
those four guys are better hockey players in the NHL,
and that will change.
But let me finish.
So he got a little upset, and I went to say what I just said.
I said, Jack Hughes is going to be a stallion.
You said right now, and you came out of nowhere,
and I don't even know who you are.
And I decided to leave after. I was with
Fights, Biz, Murr. We go outside.
He starts screaming
at the top of his lungs with his buddy basically
trying to quiet him and tackle him.
He's a fucking top
seven player in the league.
Admit it. I was like this.
You got it, bud. You got it.
Whatever you say. I'm going to bust out the taser and the mace.
The meet and greet special right there, folks.
I love Jack Hughes, but the Avalanche have some good players.
Can anybody on the Colorado Avalanche chug vodka out of a vodka bottle better than Jack Hughes can at Hawkinson?
No.
There you go.
Absolutely not.
So he's top one in your books. And he dangles anyone he wants. So yeah, Jack Hughes. Talk Hawkinson. No. There you go. Absolutely not. So he's top one in your books.
And he dangles anyone he wants.
So, yeah, Jack Hughes.
Talk to me in five years.
Anyways, he had a little kid they brought.
I want to shout out.
That's Frosty Scappetto, the equipment guy in New Jersey.
That was his son, Brecken.
No way.
That was his son?
Yeah, Frosty's son.
Oh, that's great.
So that was pretty cool stuff to see.
And Duprinket dressed up as Alan from The Hangover and all that.
Pretty fun stuff.
Biz, actually, we left the building.
Who wears more eyeliner, Derek Carr or Machine Gun Kelly?
Machine Gun Kelly is like 6'8", but he was enormous.
Apparently, they were just lighting a bunch of weed up in their room before he came on for the show.
Are you a big Machine Gun Kelly guy?
He's probably teeing up Megan Fox in the locker room
in between the final.
That guy does not give a shit.
He's got tongue rings.
Remember he painted his tongue black?
I actually like his music.
I think he's got some jams.
He's unbelievable.
Are you a fan biz or no?
I'm a big Eminem guy.
So when he kind of went on Eminem,
it was, you know...
I wouldn't say Eminem's diss track was the best he ever did, but it was way better than Machine Gun Kelly.
100.
But I respect what he's doing.
I respect the fact that he could land a girl like Megan Fox.
And I don't know about the lip rings he's rocking.
And they drank each other's own blood, which Billy Bob Thornton did with Angelina Jolie.
If you run into a couple as we're teaching the youngins lessons this episode, and they're drinking each other's blood, you could pretty much guarantee that relationship isn't going to last.
Their engagement party looks like the Roenick fucking prank story set up.
That's what their engagement looks like.
They just eat a gallbladder and then put the rings on.
Everybody's reverse 69 with IVs out of each other's cocks and vagina. It's what their engagement was. They just eat a gallbladder and then put the rings on. Everybody's reverse 69 with IVs
out of each other's cocks and vagina.
It's a sick freak show.
It's like the Mad Max.
Remember the bad guy who's got
all the things coming out of his necks and the tubes?
Oh yeah, and he's at the front of the truck.
Like R.A. to slot machine at 5am
when he was in bed at 12.
Oh, he didn't? Yeah, first time.
And he's up 1.50. I'm a sports guy, not much't gamble until today. Oh, he didn't? Yeah, first time. And he's up 1.50, right?
And he slots.
I'm a sports guy, not much of a table guy.
But, Biz, we left the game roughly the same time.
I'm sorry, the skills competition.
And, dude, I've been to dozens of venues all over the place.
I had never seen staff behave like that before.
Remember they kept
What do you mean?
They were waving on the way out.
No, they were nice on the way out.
The old ladies were waving.
They were unbelievable.
When we got out the door, they were all right you got to move further and like
remember the answer kata was pissed i'm like all right well how further do we need to go all they
had to say was past that sign and the kid fucking like threatened me like one of the i was like and
i was like did you just threaten me not i'm a tough guy just like shocked at a fucking arena
worker and what was the threat though i it was was like, step up. But anyways, like I said, I'd been all over the place.
I'd never seen staff in an arena act like this.
He was bullshit.
They were just fucking acting like total assholes.
So whoever runs T-Mobile, everything inside was great, but outside.
Rough and rowdy.
R.A. versus the arena staff.
What's the arena called here?
T-Mobile.
Do you not remember a business?
No, for you.
We were getting moved every five feet.
No, we should do like a three-way Russian UFC where like RA takes on the people who are cutting off everybody's access to watch the Colorado Avalanche in the state of Colorado.
He's got an arm with those people.
With the staff of the rink here.
And people who bring cats on planes.
So we're going like Chinese checkers of UFC fighting here.
Who else would be involved in your ultimate?
Who would you want?
Like, let's list them.
The cable networks, for sure, on the list.
Arena staff in Vegas.
People who bring cats on planes, which somebody sent me a picture, or sorry, a video of a cat outside of a like one of the you know where you
go on the plane terminal a terminal thanks g for hopping in there um and i will say if it would
have been meowing as much as it was meowing i would have been irritated what other things annoy
you to the level of you want a six-person ufc lower the cage last man standing hot metal title
let's play for
Keats R.A.
We're in a hotel,
so people who are
fucking loud as fuck
in the hallway
all hours of the day.
The loud fuckers at night.
Vegas is a tough one
for that.
The dudes putting
the RB on
and going to tee off
on their old ladies
for three hours.
Speaking of that.
In the room next to R.A.
putting on a show
because we're a
do-do-do.
Hey, that's Pasha,
by the way.
Because last night, Pasha was running around in the hallway,
hammering on a door.
Terry Sr. answers the door.
It's like 4 in the morning.
Pasha goes, I need to have a beer with you, Terry.
He's like, get away from me right now.
Terry Ryan Sr. said that.
I got out of the shower the other night,
like fucking knocking on the door.
I'm like, what the fuck is this?
I open the door.
Pasha's like, all right, this is your room.
I got a piss. He just knocked on the door. He had a piss so bad. I'm like, what the fuck is this? I open the door. Biz is like, alright, this is your room. I got a piss. Like, he just
knocked on the door. He had a piss so bad.
If he said I had to
shit, would you let him?
100. What a guy you are.
Yeah, I had a piss bomb going.
Alright, moving away from things that
grind my gears. Biz, I need to know
how many of the no days
wasted you ripped through Friday
during the games?
I've done none.
I did a couple of their electrolyte packs, the hydration replenishers,
but I'm going to be honest.
Sometimes, guys, I like the punishment.
You just want to remind yourself that you can deal with the pain of being hungover?
I'm like a drinking Navy SEAL.
I want to get dunked in the ocean at 6 a.m.
I want to have to do 1,000 push-ups. I want my body to ache. I want to have dunked in the ocean at 6 a.m. I want to have to do a thousand push-ups.
I want my body to ache.
I want to have tremors at night.
I want to just suffer through it.
But if you don't want to suffer through it, Merle's.
No days wasted.
Like you did kind of at the dinner last night, but you put yourself to bed.
You would get DHM Detox No Days Wasted, an unbelievable product.
And we're going to give them a Biz20 promo code for 20 off it's all natural folks it breaks down the toxins of the alcohol before it even gets to
your liver keep the fucking change and me d and they even advance the products they have a
multivitamin you wake up in the morning you take the gummies you can get your vitamin d you get
vitamin b you can get whatever ra's got in his fucking treasure drawer you can get whatever you want and i mentioned their hydration replenisher and i'll tell you
what i crush a shit ton of water on a day-to-day basis even for days i'm not drinking i use this
stuff it just helps retain the water a little bit they have great tasting flavors like the lemon
lime i personally like the watermelon og flavor they're gonna have a couple more coming out
nishal he's a great guy he's a buddy from vancouver hey did you guys ever hear that i
handed out at weddings um and i handed out at weddings back home in vancouver so check it out
dhm detox no days wasted 20 off how about that fucking ad where you put that maybe the best
and and one more things that grinds ra's gears are people that let their dog shit on your front porch
and they don't clean it up.
I mean, I think that would grind anyone's fucking ass.
Yes.
I personally like that.
I got a dog.
I like it.
We got a dog.
I'm going home to a dog.
Congratulations.
Yeah, we got a dog, Yoshi.
So they just got him today,
and tomorrow I'll be meeting him.
Can't wait.
Nice.
Thanks, buddy.
Never had a dog before.
He's like, just do not let that thing
near me. I'm a dog guy.
I just don't own one, but I'm not an anti-dog by any
stretch. NoDaysWasted.co
biz promo code biz20
for 20 off. And now
we're going to send it to Jared Spurgeon.
Alright, well it's time to bring
on our next guest.
This guy was a sixth-round pick in the 2008 draft.
He's already in his 12th season with the Minnesota Wild,
his second as a captain.
Unfortunately, he's not going to be able to play in the Winter Classic
due to injury, but he's with us right now.
Thanks so much for joining us, Jared Spurgeon.
How's it going, brother?
It's good. Thanks for having me, guys.
Good. How are you feeling?
I know it's an undisclosed injury, but how are you feeling?
Good, getting there every day.
It's a frustrating time to be out, but with all the excitement and stuff like that.
But it's fun seeing the guys, the old school look out there, so they're having fun with it.
Are you still going to be able to take part in any of the festivities with the game and stuff?
I know you obviously can't play.
Pre-game soccer match with the guys.
I might be out there.
I'll be good for the LD injury.
I'm just going to stay inside, I think, with how cold it's going to be. So I'll be having some drinks in there. I'm just going to stay inside I think with how cold it's going to be.
I'll be having some drinks in there.
Hot chocolate, some coffee.
Little Baileys in there. Maybe get a little
groove on during the game.
You should be used to this being from Edmonton,
no? Yeah, no. I went to the
first Heritage Classic
one. Oh my god.
It was freezing there so I went to
I think we were there for the practice
the day before and i looked at my dad i was like i'm not going tomorrow he's like you're going
i spent this money you're going so i i bucked up went there but it was freezing i remember that
game it was montreal edmonton and the guys were just that's probably going to be i think it'll
be just as cold though in this one it was like minus 40 with the wind it was Yeah, so much so I think Theodore put on the toque for warm-up,
and the guys were like, keep it.
So he ended up playing the full game in the toque.
Would that be something you'd do, like the eye black,
maybe throw on the ear warmers?
I was looking at Tom Brady, maybe get the scuba gear.
I was telling them to get the full outfit underneath
because it is freezing out there.
There you go.
There you go.
What was the weather like when you played against Chicago?
That was at the
Gophers football stadium, right? Yeah, that one was
perfect. It was like 25.
It started snowing at the end, so we actually
had to turn the heaters off on the bench.
It was that nice, so
a little different this time around.
It's still going to be great.
Minnesotans are pretty used to the cold.
They don't care. They'll be out there, boozed up.
I mentioned getting drafted in 2008.
I think a lot of people are curious.
You were drafted by the Islanders, and then you signed as a free agent with Minnesota.
What happened there?
Did they renounce your rights?
Take us through that process, how that went down.
Yeah, they just had drafted another couple D-men ahead of me,
and obviously a six-round pick wasn't too high on their list.
So I went to one camp.
I missed the second one.
I had shoulder surgery in the offseason so didn't go there and then when you got time to sign there wasn't much
talk so I think my agent phoned like the day before he's like hey like we're doing AHL anything
and they're like no you're good so luckily got to travel here in the summer and then
went from there went to Traverse City. I mean that's pretty crazy pretty understated though like it was like last minute the fact that you end. Went to Traverse City. I mean, that's pretty understated, though.
It was like last minute, the fact that you end up getting to Traverse City
to even get involved with the Wild, where I heard that there was a story
that you were planning on maybe heading over to Europe
to maybe play with your brother at that time?
Yeah, so I was going to go play Salzburg Red Bull.
So I had that sort of in the back pocket, and then my agent was like,
well, you've got Traverse here with Minnesota.
So did that, figured you're trying out for all the teams there at the time,
sort of showcase your stuff, and worked out from there.
We had a great team in Houston, too, that we ended up going to the finals that year.
So it kind of worked out better.
So that year, I think you only played around 20 games in the minors, right?
And was it you were playing that well, it was called up, you got your chance,
and then went back down for the playoffs?
Is that how it went?
Yeah, so my 21st birthday I got called up on, so that was pretty cool called up you got your chance and then went back down for the playoffs is that how yeah so my 21st birthday got called up on so that was pretty cool were you
hurting though no luckily it was the game actual game day so it was perfect but no the team in
Houston was doing really well so I think that definitely helped and uh they had a couple
injuries up here so we had I think there's one guy already up and then I happened to be the next guy in line so uh it was in Calgary close to home family came to watch so it's pretty special.
Like do you ever stop to think that you were this close from going overseas and you know you're such
an incredible player you probably would have eventually came back and established an NHL
career but sometimes like guys do get lost in the shuffle and they end up having a great career over
there like do you ever just stop and think of like the fact that you were you know days away from going there and then now this is
your life for the NHL yeah I think it's all about opportunity and your chances like you said there's
so many good players that play the game that just don't get that chance whereas maybe a D-man doesn't
get hurt and then they miss their their opportunity to come up and show their stuff and they're stuck
behind someone so uh definitely would have been different uh uh it worked out obviously i love it here so it's great do they get your flat flat passes in transition
that suitor was a puppet puppet your tires on uh you think that that's what eventually got you to
the national hockey flat ones yeah he says he says in transition you threw the flattest passes
always on the tape never really jamming up his partner throwing grenades at him i try yeah well
then i don't have to play D-Zone.
I can get going the other way.
Get me that Ozone.
Get it out.
What were you going to say there?
I was going to, no, I was just going to say, in the end, though, if he'd gone to Europe,
he could have ended up KHL playing for maybe CSK, maybe more than seven.
Oh, yeah.
Made 100 million over there, a little puck-a-moon defenseman in Europe.
Yeah, you took a pay cut to play for Billy.
Tell Billy down there.
Yeah, yeah.
Let him know. Yeah, seriously, Billy, you're getting a Europe. Yeah, you took a pay cut to play for Billy. Tell Billy down there. Yeah, yeah. Let him know.
Yeah, seriously, Billy,
you're getting a deal.
Yeah.
As an undersized defenseman
with good offensive instincts,
was there any players
you modeled yourself after
as a kid, as a young guy?
I was a huge fan
of Dan Boyle, Rafalski.
So we watched them
growing up once.
I was a forward growing up
until I was 14.
14, then switched up.
That's when I switched.
We have a lot of similarities in our game, too.
So, yeah, I switched when I was like 14, 15,
so that's when I started watching.
But when I was a kid growing up, it was Dougie Waite.
So I tell Billy that every day, too.
It was always Dougie, not him.
When he used to pass it to you, Billy, I was like,
give it back to Dougie.
Yeah, toss it back.
Going back to the fact that this is an outdoor game uh
you and your brother tyler you guys battle quite a bit on the pond at edmonton growing up like yeah
a lot of a lot of that going on yeah we had the backyard rink for two years and uh now having one
i know why my dad stopped right away like it's hard work oh you got one in your yard yeah right
now for the kids but it it sucks shoveling they don't help ever. So I was like, no wonder he gave us the rink like blocks away.
But, yeah, we were four, four and a half years apart.
So I was always trying to catch up to him.
And he's like, he's bigger, stronger than me.
Still is to this day.
So he still beats the wheels off me.
At those times, I mean, being younger,
were you always like dreaming of playing in the NHL?
It was something that your whole life you were like, it wasn't,
it wasn't like,
I don't know who cares.
It was more like,
this is my goal.
This is all I want.
Yeah.
And I think,
well,
you played at Edmonton,
you know how passionate the fan base is there.
I felt it. Why are you laughing when you say that?
Because he remembers rooting for the Oilers,
booing me before he made it to the NHL.
I was on the other side.
I was a fan,
but no.
He was booing you in the tunnel.
He was booing me as he walked me.
Yeah.
But just being there, that's all you have, really, is the Oilers.
So that's what you grew up wanting to do.
And outdoor rink, I think every Christmas,
that was the one thing you asked for is, like,
your favorite player's jersey to rip around on the outdoor rink.
So from a young age and having an older brother that played,
that he was a good player as well.
So chasing him, trying to catch up, like I said,
and just getting my feet walked.
Outdoor rink, just getting dominated all the time.
It was motivation to get there.
Going into the draft, were you expecting to get picked?
I know you said you went into the sixth round,
but obviously a bunch of teams missed on you.
You're a hell of a player.
What were you thinking going into the draft?
Not really.
Honestly, just sort of pissed off. You see like those rankings come out and you
see players that you think you're better than and are ranked above you type thing, but never really
thought I was going to get drafted. And my buddy Tyler Ennis actually phoned me the day I was
sleeping. I think it was a Saturday, Sunday, a little sleeping, but I got the phone call
and he said I got drafted. was like no way and then he
was like brought me the jersey home went and got it for me so it was pretty special that to share
that with a guy you grew up with why because he was at the draft and he heard it get announced
so he yeah he was a first rounder so he was there nice guy went back got my jersey for me I'll take
a picture of the stage for you so you don't you don't hear a lot about Tyler Ennis but he's a
pretty interesting cat off the ice, I hear.
Yeah, he is a great guy.
Does he bring all the entertainment as far as the friendship?
Yeah, he's the energy driver, that's for sure.
So I'm more mellow, sort of laid back.
And he's pretty laid back, too.
He likes to play it off like he doesn't know much.
But he's a smart guy.
He knows how to work his way around a room.
He's played a long time, too. I think this think this first time we've ever met and i was going to
say you're pretty soft-spoken like as like what are your like you're from a leadership standpoint
like are you just kind of the condometer guy that guys can walk up and talk to you kind of just do
by example do you ever once in a while did the wires cross you fucking snapped in the locker
i can't picture you being the snapping kind of not a full full snap but i'll stand up in there and that's why i got moose to my side i got
marcus there he's the snap one i was just giving a little it's your time it's your time but uh
no i've always sort of just been i think when you talk too much that's when guys sort of
shut you out and stuff like that so uh be on the ice obviously
speak up when you see something going on but not going to rip into a guy if if I don't feel the
need to do it now with this team it doesn't seem like you'd have to do that much you guys are
playing incredible hockey right now great coach I mean you got Billy G as the GM things are going
really really well for you guys so like just like from a group coming into this season like what was
the goal feeding off of last year and and where do you think you guys are at right now from a group coming into this season, what was the goal feeding off of last year,
and where do you think you guys are at right now as a group?
Yeah, I think just improving off of that last year,
I think obviously it was weird with no fans and everything like that.
So just the excitement of having full buildings again brings that energy.
Being able to do stuff out of the rink, get the team parties back on,
and the rookie parties and all that's always exciting.
So being able to do that kind of stuff again but I think just with Billy coming in just the
standard he set right from the start he's a pretty intense guy so being able to build off that
obviously winning as a player and in management as well he knows what he's doing. He mentioned to us
last night just about how open he is right like i came in and there was a lot of
kind of secrecy in terms of like hockey ops and game ops and everything and now it's more of like
a real family he's trying to say like do you notice that even with not just the guys in the
team but the entire organization people are just maybe a little more social a little more discussion
going on around everyone yeah i think you see it at the practice rink right now like we go down
to eat lunch and you're sitting with trainers, front office, everything.
So there's no, if you have a fuck you, you're going to fuck you.
But after that, you eat your meal and leave the rink, and the next day it's good.
But it's good.
You just have open relationships with everyone from coach, front office.
So, yeah, I not not saying it's laid
back but it's more inclusive and and you know the big news that we talked to him about was the buyout
of Parisi and Suter and so like take me through like your reaction I mean I'm sure when you heard
it you were a little surprised no doubt yeah uh he phoned me obviously working super hard in the
gym in the summer yeah you and Ennis yeah there. Yeah, laying on the mat for probably a two-hour rollout.
Pumping a foam roller.
Yeah.
But yeah, he phoned me, and honestly, I had no idea that it had happened.
So it took me by surprise for sure.
But Billy has a plan.
He has a plan, and we trust in him.
So we'll go from there.
I want to say it was Russo who reported, Billy G, they came over to your house to surprise you.
And one of your daughters was like,
wait, are you coming here to fire my father?
Yeah, she wasn't too excited.
So that was the first question.
So he brought them all in around the table
and asked my daughter, Colby.
She's like, what do you think I'm doing here?
And she's like, are you firing my dad?
I was like, well, are you?
Like, what's going on here?
So it turned out to be a better surprise.
But yeah, it was awesome.
Maybe that's the lower body injury.
Four kids you have, right?
Holy jeez.
No more sack left.
Yeah, in and out four times and that's it.
That's your ball bag.
Holy shit.
Imagine four kids, buddy.
No, no.
I mean, I have none.
I already had a mastectomy, so I couldn't imagine having four.
Sorry, TMI.
I can't even handle two.
He needs to know a guy.
I'll be out over here.
Yeah, it's pretty easy. It's not as bad
as they say, but going back to Guerin,
is it pretty rare, I guess, for a team
to kind of build off its
own GM? I mean, you don't see that in this
league, where a GM, his energy
kind of transfers to the team. Seems like
that's what's going on here. Yeah he's obviously intense player growing up I've seen a couple YouTube
videos a couple slashes that we bring up every once in a while the training camp slash yeah
that one comes up we watch in secret though don't show him but uh I think you just like the energy
and just intensity brings when he walks into a room you always know he's ready to go and um
it trickles down.
It definitely does.
I don't know.
I've never talked to anyone that's played for Dean Evans,
and today he gets rewarded.
I think all the coaching staff got extensions,
but playing for him, what's it like?
Is he kind of more quiet?
Is he very open?
What's the whole deal with him coaching this team?
He's open.
He's awesome.
He loves offense.
Nice. Not running gun gun but responsibilities on the player with the puck so for defensemen it's it's awesome you got
the freedom to roam around the offensive zone do what you do and if if a player turns it over and
you that's not your fault so um but he's a great communicator he's he's intense obviously he's
played a lot of nhl games himself so so he understands it, loves days off.
So we love that.
But yeah, he's very open but intense at the same time.
I want to go back to when you said that last year
you guys didn't maybe have enough time to spend with the team.
Did you have the opportunity to have a rookie party?
And what did you guys have Kirill do at the rookie party
in order to get the boys entertained
we sort of we all he can't speak English very well so perfect fed him some booze that was about it
but uh we were in Tampa so we actually uh went out to sort of an outdoor bar the night before
and then we went to Monday night football so got the rookies to dress up in some pretty good pirate
costumes and let him take that in so uh Kirill, he's actually an awesome guy.
Great English, just lies to everyone.
Pretends he can't speak.
That's what all of them do.
Yeah, Malkin mastered that.
Yeah, can hold the interview just fine,
comes to the house talking better than me.
So he's great.
Yeah, Rosetta Stone helped him out.
I mean, we tell Malkin stories all the time about how all of a sudden
you were talking offense and he was fluent in English
and defensive responsibilities would come up right back
to not knowing a fucking lick of English.
One of the stories that came up when we had Foligno on
was that training camp story early on when it was clear that he had
all this talent and he was maybe being held back a little bit.
When did you catch wind of that and what was your initial reaction?
Well, I was the guy on the other end of the text that we were supposed to come to.
He was texting me on the other side and the group chat came out of the groups.
So he texted me and goes, like, why aren't I in your group?
I was like, dude, there's restrictions.
There's only so many guys.
Like, it's Marcus Johansson.
He's played 500 games in the league.
Like, we'll be together soon. And he right off the bat pops up and I look at my wife. so many guys like this marcus johansson he's played 500 games in the league like just you know
we'll be together soon and he right all of a sudden pops up and i look at my wife i go oh
fuck like it's in the wrong chat and then he sends me a text right after he goes oh boy
i just waited i was like you'll be fine just play it off tomorrow i'll just laugh about it but he
was good but like for the next five minutes my my phone was just like, ding, ding, ding.
It's like, what do I do?
What do I do?
I was like, just leave it.
Just laugh with it, guys.
We'll be fine with it.
Just pretend you don't see it.
Just tell everyone who you think is a scrub that you don't want to see.
Lost in translation.
Yeah.
Bad Google research.
Just whatever you put in.
But yeah, that was hilarious.
He must keep the room pretty loose, huh, Moose?
Yeah.
Yeah.
You can tell he's lived in a dress room his entire life so
uh he's he's awesome loud guy but knows how to keep it light in there we got a couple of those
guys so they just feed off each other but i think that's the nice thing about the room the last
couple years is sort of we know when to get serious but at the same time practice days and
stuff like that there's a lot of joking going on I mentioned the captaincy were you ever a captain at any level before uh the wild uh growing up yeah we'd sort of rotate between
it would be myself and Tyler Ennis sort of rotate around growing up and then in junior as an
assistant captain for uh I think two or three years so uh but like I said you don't really
change the person you are I don't think you just You just sort of, if you do that, people see right through you. But not a yelling guy, but if I see something,
maybe take you aside and let you know.
Did you ever consider the college route, like undersized D-man,
or was it always WHL kind of growing up?
For me, it was always WHL.
Especially at that time, it wasn't really talked about
for Western guys to go to college.
And having my older brother play in the WHL, I of saw that and he played in klona he was three mem cups in a
row so i got to go to oh they had three in a row i think josh georges was there at the time yeah
had some fucking way so he went three one the second one they went to in klona so i was there
so just seeing that i was like this is what i want to do. But it wasn't really a thought ever.
But now looking back at it, you're just like, well,
there is more options than you could have gone to.
And I think I was drafted to the USHL, but I think Cedar Rapids.
They phoned me.
They're like, hey, we drafted you.
I was like, what is this?
I had no idea the USHL even was a thing.
So there's no chance I
was going there but ended up in Spokane Washington anyways. Was it similar as far as attendance and
the way it was ran because Kelowna I compare it at least at that time to the London Knights of
the Western Hockey League where you're getting it sold out Kelowna is a pretty good western city
you're treated incredible like what was it like when you got there and then eventually to when
you guys ended up winning the MAM Cup, correct?
Yeah, so my first year, I think we won like 12 games.
It was a tough sled in the first year.
Then second year, we made playoffs, and it was a bit better.
But Spokane is a hockey market once you get in there.
Really?
Yeah, there's a lot of hockey players now.
I think you had Tyler Johnson there.
So they always seem to sprinkle in one local kid that would bring people in and everything like that.
But Bobby Brett, the owner, he was great with us.
And at the time we had Tim Speltz as our GM.
And I think by the year we won the Mem Cup,
every Saturday, Sunday we had like 8,000 to 9,000 fans in there every night.
It was awesome.
Where did you guys win the Mem Cup?
Kitchener.
You had to win the league to get there.
Yeah, so it was Kitchener, Belleville had to win the league to get there. Yeah.
So it was Kitchener, Belleville, and Gatineau, I think, at the time.
So Drew and Byron were the big guys on Belleville.
Subban was Belleville.
And then Kitchener was just loaded with everyone.
Why do you think, even though you weren't signed with the Islanders,
that after that experience that no other team had picked you up?
Even though you weren't signed with the Islanders,
that after that experience that no other team had picked you up?
I mean, you brought that team and developed and ended up winning a Mem Cup.
You're on the biggest stage.
What ended up happening?
I think at the time the game was just changing to more skating.
At the time there were still a lot of bigger guys still holding,
a lot of grabbing, a lot of more physical play. So I think at that time it was just starting to turn over to the smaller players.
So I think the teams were still scared of maybe throwing a guy back there
that wasn't the biggest guy.
Whereas now you just see more and more of them, and even the big guys,
it's not fair those guys can fly now.
So they used to be the big guys that you're like, well, they're slow,
so I'm better than that guy.
But now the 6'5 guys are flying around out there.
Oh, buddy.
It's a little different.
It's fucking nuts. It's lucky little different. It's fucking nuts.
Yeah.
It's lucky, though.
I mean, you came along at the right time.
I mean, it was perfect timing for you because you think of guys like you maybe 20 years ago that never really got a chance.
Because I remember playing against you one of your first games.
I was like, Jesus Christ, you could just fly.
Like, your game's always been skating.
Had you never got the chance, though, who knows?
Yeah, there's old rule is zero chance look at those games and just like getting out corners or taking a guy wide or something like
that there's zero chance I remember playing against Robin Regeer one of my first when you
just go like this yeah I was trying to get around I'm like this isn't even fair man like I'm a at
that time I was like 158 pounds just trying to get around this guy there was no chance so I was like
those rule
changes definitely helped me when you broke him with mini was there like a long-time defenseman
on the team that sort of was like a mentor to you or kind of brought you along a little bit uh
yeah well there's a lot of guys um they had Nick Schultz back there he's awesome guy yeah awesome
so he he was probably the first one to bring me in. We had Brent Burns at the time as well. So he was the energy of the group at that time.
But Andrew Brunette was at the time playing.
He just little things with patience.
When I finally got on the power play, he just talked me through stuff
and just teach you little things.
So we had a great room of veterans at that time, and that definitely helped.
How many years did you have to wait to get your shot on the PP?
Was it a couple years?
Yeah, my first year, nothing.
It was just five-on-five strictly, and then I got one game, I think,
where Zydlicki got hurt, so I got thrown in there.
Please get a point.
Yeah, come on, come on.
But after that, I think to be fully on a unit
was probably like two to three years.
But I think that sort of helped myself as well,
just rounding out my defensive game
and trying to be a guy that can produce five on five
and take a pride in penalty killing as well
to get your minutes up.
And yeah, to become the player you are now,
it's almost like, all right,
let's be a great defensive defenseman.
And then when I get my chance, I can do it all.
But if you had just been thrown on the pee-pee at the beginning, maybe it's like, I'm just an offensive guy.
Yeah, for sure.
I think that's the thing that a lot of younger guys don't really realize is that if you start as a defenseman
and you round out your defensive game first and then you have that offensive side,
that you're going to get more opportunities than you are if you're just straight offense.
Bruce Boudreaux quoted as saying
you were the best defenseman that no one knows about.
What was your time with him
and obviously with Vancouver and stuff like that?
He's a silly guy behind the scenes.
He's eating that up right now.
He pretends like he's not, but he loves it.
He's on Cameo and stuff.
I saw.
He's doing Cameo for fans. He's on Cameo. The. I saw. He's doing Cameo for fans.
He's on Cameo.
The Bruce Fitzgerald Cameo?
Yeah, for 38.
You're double the price.
I don't do Cameo anymore.
But thanks for the plug, Whit.
I've actually just raised it.
I'm back.
Go back.
But obviously, he's a silly character.
Do you have any stories about him when he was your coach?
Are there things that would make you guys laugh?
I have a ton of stories.
Let's go.
I'm not sure if I can let him out.
But no, Bruce, he had some, yeah.
I don't even know which one to start with.
We could cut any bad ones that you end up telling
that can't go in it.
Okay, but you literally got to cut this one.
But no, there was one time, I think we were in New York,
and we were sitting in a hotel, and I think it was an early game,
like maybe a 5 o'clock one, so don't go to the rink,
and Bruce game day is always in his suit tie, like he wears it from breakfast on,
so I think he sleeps in it.
So we're sitting there, and he loves his ice cream after pregame meal,
and the spoons aren't out, so you can just see him pacing back and forth.
Everyone's kicking each other under the table.
And he leaves, but he has a bowl.
And we're all just like, what the hell is going on?
There's no spoons.
And you go.
And he had just taken a little out with his hand and put it in the bowl.
Started COVID.
That started COVID.
And we're all just like, you can just see the fingerprints going in there.
But we're all just like, what is happening right now?
But he needed that ice cream.
Yeah, definitely a laid back coach already.
I was going to say, I don't think.
I love him.
I don't think Everson's picking ice cream out with his hands.
What's some of the big changes that he brought to the room,
like the whole tenor of the team change?
What basically changed under him that was different
before? I think Bruce
is pretty
defensive
oriented, so it was always
defense first, and for
a D-man jumping into the rush,
he wanted that, but at the same time, it
wasn't risk-taking. It was more
you had to be 100 sure whereas
now you can go and if we have
four in the rush if we have two D down low
Dean doesn't really care as long as someone's up
top covering for you so
I think that's the biggest thing just the freedom to
play offense. You've been playing with
Goligoski mostly this year right? Yeah
yeah Goose is awesome. Great guy
Steady Eddie man. You play with him in
Wilkes-Barre coming up through the Pittsburgh organization,
still getting it done.
I think he's, what, like 20 assists the last 12, 13 seasons.
He's fucking crazy.
No, he's an awesome guy.
He's so smart.
He's such a spoof skater.
And just the way he breaks pucks out, getting back to him,
I think obviously that's his skating ability and how smart he is.
But you're not really stuck in D zone very often with that guy, so that's nice.
I just watch him go in the corners, sort of sit net front and then jump the other way.
Yeah.
Were you paired together right when camp started?
Yeah.
Wow, so it's a natural kind of connection there.
Yeah.
Well, like I said, he's so smart.
He's easy to read off of and obviously a different system.
So first couple exhibition games, a little tweaking here and there just with calls and stuff like that.
But a lot of time you just sit and watch him do his thing.
Off-season back in Edmonton?
Yeah, we're on the lake for about 45 minutes towards Jasper.
So families are still there.
The only time I really get to see my brother since he's over in Germany playing.
So my wife's family is from there as well.
So we go back for about a month and a half.
So he's, what, 36?
He's still playing?
Yeah, he's in the second league.
So he's, like I said, he's in unbelievable shape.
Puts me to shame every summer.
Is it because he was with that Red Bull team for so long?
Because all the resources that they're given to train,
they train like they're triathletes, don't they?
Yeah, he's just a specimen, that guy.
Ever since we've been young, he's always been into it uh biking whether it's the cardio aspect or just
weight gain he was always into it from a young age and i think that definitely helped me growing
up is sort of following in his footsteps uh for about two years there i took a detour off the
other side and the pizza and taquitos didn't catch up with me so i got a little chubby i was like i
gotta follow this guy again but no he's always been just into that workout workout work
ethic type thing back to the coach for a sec how long were you guys with him before you realized
like this guy's gonna stick he's not gonna be interim uh I think that year right after he took
over for Bruce just the way he came into the room and how confident he was with it. And just the vibe changed instantly, just more excitement to play the game.
Nothing against Bruce.
He's a great coach, and he has great energy himself.
But when you're defending all the time and that's your first and foremost thing
that you want to do is it gets tough, especially on guys that want to be
creative on the offensive side of things.
So I think it's just you see it all the time with coaching changes,
that as soon as there's a change, it seems to be a new energy in guys.
I don't know if it was just the fans say it, but I saw it on Twitter.
They call him Creed from The Office.
Is that something the guys in the room say?
That happened for about, I think, one week.
They put it on Twitter, and he put a stop to the podcast.
Oh, you didn't like it?
No, he wasn't a fan.
It's hard because it seems like he does carry that serious tone.
Yeah.
And you can't, I mean, as much as he might chuckle behind the scenes,
but you kind of have to maintain that around the guys to keep your integrity.
Yeah, for sure.
No, he doesn't smile a ton.
So that was probably a week straight.
And then our PR guy got a little pee-pee slap,
and then that was it.
So that was it.
Oh, man, I've been through a few of those with
the social media in my day, that's for sure.
I got a few. I got about six or seven
pee-pee whacks when I was in Arizona.
Most organizations would have sent me to Europe.
Yeah, you're fine. Just
don't do so bad. Yeah, exactly.
You got anything else?
Actually, about Kaprizov, man.
Does this guy just do something in practice every day?
You just kind of like shake your head how the hell did he do that?
Yeah, he's just so skilled with his skating and everything.
I think that's the hardest part with him is that he'll come down
and he'll open up his hips and you don't know what way he's going.
Yeah, he's always opening up like that.
Yeah, and it's so hard to read as a defenseman.
You can gap up on guys who are going in straight lines,
and you can sort of angle them off, but with him,
you don't know if he's turning back or going forward
or anything like that, but he's not just a shooter either.
He can make some good plays.
He's a great disher.
There's a lot of times you're going back door,
and you're like, there's no chance of getting this,
and he does a spinorama and fires it,
but he's just so skilled, and he just loves working too. he's out there after practice every day for 20 30 man shooting and
he hates days off he comes in he's like why we have a day off russia doesn't give him that i know
well he told me his train right his training when he was a kid it was like early morning shoot pucks
go skate school then another practice so he's like that's that's all I know. So, yeah, every time I get a day off, he comes up to me and goes, why?
I was like, I want one.
I want one.
I got four kids.
See the other guys in this group chat you lit up?
We want a fucking day off.
We'll call them even, motherfucker.
You can come in tomorrow if you want.
But, no, he's just a good kid, too.
He's not even a kid.
He's older, but he's just always smiling and having fun.
So he's definitely a guy that brings energy as well.
Well, I mean, we can't thank you enough.
I don't know if you have anything else.
It's a pleasure to watch you play, dude.
I hope you get healthy quick.
And it's a fun team.
I mean, we've said it kind of used to be boring.
Now it's a different vibe.
And I'm sure it's a blast for you to be a part of and be the leader.
So thank you for joining us.
Thanks for having me, guys.
My pleasure.
We'll get some of those Bruce stories now that we're off.
Yeah. Get the good ones. Barbecue sauce on the face.
Huge thanks to Jared for making time with us right after practice in Minnesota.
Great guy, great player, great kid. Really enjoyed talking to him.
Want to also mention that interview was also brought to you by our friends at
Mattress Firm. America has a problem.
Everyone is exhausted and out of it because they're not sleeping in a bed that's right for them. And the sleep they're getting sucks.
And that problem has a name, Biz. Junk sleep. So unjunk your sleep at Mattress Firm's President's
Day Sale from now until March 8th. Save up to 500 when you get a king bed for the price of a queen
or a queen for the price of a twin stop by one of their locations
with beds starting at 159.99 with immediate delivery or save 300 when you shop Tempur-Pedic
at America's number one Tempur-Pedic retailer to unjunk your sleep go to a mattress firm store in
your neighborhood or go to mattressfirm.com and sleep with a Sleep Expert. All right. Decent. How's that?
That's good.
Decent.
All right, buddy.
Moving right along.
This is kind of a weird one.
The Blackhawks was doing one of those town hall things the other day,
and, you know, Rocky Wertz was there, the owner and his son, Danny,
who we met when we were in Chicago.
And Mark Lazarus, who covers the team all the time, you know,
he brought up the scandal from way, way back.
We don't need to get into the details of it.
And Rocky Wertz wasn't too pleased with it.
Gee, let's roll it.
Mark Lazarus, The Athletic.
I guess my question would be for Danny.
I know we're looking forward here, but I think we have to look back also.
And I think much of what happened to Kyle Beach stemmed from a power imbalance
between a coach and a player and the powerlessness of a player in that situation.
So what are the Blackhawks doing?
What have the Blackhawks done? What will the Blackhawks do to empower a player in a similar situation to make
sure that doesn't happen again? I'm going to answer the question. I think the report speaks
for itself. The people that were involved are no longer here. We're not looking back at 2010.
We're looking forward. And we're not going to talk about 2010.
I'm not talking about 2010.
I know, and I'm not either.
And we're not going to talk about what happened.
We're moving forward.
That is my answer.
Now, what's your next question?
I can pick up to what we are doing today.
No, I don't know.
That's none of your business.
That's none of your business.
What we're going to do today is our business.
I don't think it's any of your business. How is it not my our business. I don't think it's any of your business.
Because I don't think it's any of your business.
You don't work for the company.
If someone in the company asks that question, we'll answer it.
And I think you should get on to the next subject.
We're not going to talk about Kyle Beach.
We're not going to talk about anything that happened.
Now we're moving on.
What more do I have to say?
You want to keep asking the same question? You hear the same answer? Okay, ask the next question. Okay, good.
My name is Phil Thompson. I'm with the Chicago Tribune. You guys talked about a change in culture
and transparency and demonstrating the new culture and values that are going to protect players and protect the organization in the future.
And it seems like the second that we ask a question about that,
it's met with resistance.
So I'm going to ask it again.
I answered it.
I answered it, and I told you to get off the subject.
We're not going to bring up the report.
You read it?
We're not asking about the report.
I know you're talking about what the report was talking about, and I told you we're moving on.
We're asking about the values and the protections for the future.
I think you're out of line to ask this line of questions.
Why don't you ask about something else?
Why don't you ask about the GM service?
Okay, I will ask about it.
Why don't you do something else?
Okay, I will ask about attendance.
Why don't you bring up old business. Some of the season ticket holders that I've talked to said that
they're having trouble maintaining
value on their resale because
a lot of people...
I didn't realize you're in our
ticket department.
Come on.
Let's talk about all the negative stuff.
When I talk about your paper and what the sports page
looks like, should I do that?
No, these are dedicated fans.
You can't even get our late scores rocky can i finish my my question pissed off a lot of people a lot
of people weren't happy with it he did apologize after yeah betman went to bat farm said you know
he reacted emotionally but what was your take i shocked in a way where it was just such an odd reaction. And the question Lazarus asked, and I'll preface it with Lazarus loves stirring the pot.
You know that there are certain guys who they can get some good entertaining answers, but they're willing to maybe upset a couple people.
And to the point, an event like that maybe thought they were going to get to avoid that major topic. But that's not the right of an owner to ever think you're going to get an easy one
when you invite reporters that aren't just a part of the team,
that are with a newspaper or whatever.
So, sorry, but the question he said was,
what have you done to pretty much guarantee
or make sure this will never happen again in the organization?
And it's definitely probably a hard question to answer or make sure this will never happen again in the organization.
It's definitely probably a hard question to answer because I'm sure they have done a lot,
but they're looking for a specific couple of things that have happened
that will show the public or somebody who maybe has a child
getting drafted by that team that we've addressed all the issues.
Wirtz said, I thought the answer he gave without flipping out wasn't bad because he mentioned
we've addressed that with everyone who works for the organization.
So what he's saying is everyone now knows what you could say to somebody if something
ever happens to you, let somebody know.
But he took so much offense that Lazarus wanted the public to know and was so outraged and upset that he thought he'd be allowed to just keep it in house.
And after what happened and after the entire story, it's not going to be that way.
Everyone's going to always want to know.
After you've been through something like that, you're just going to continue to get questions asked.
That's just the reality of the situation so to see and i'll let you guys go into
this but the one thing that i also noticed is his son danny started to answer it and rocky just
really said i'll answer this and i'm sure that was upsetting for danny warts who does a lot and
you know when when you're the boss and you're older it it sometimes uh is something where you
just no matter what you're in charge in your mind. But it definitely came off not exactly looking great for Rocky Wertz, I'd say.
Yeah, he just went defensive on it.
Yeah.
And, oh, it's such an intense subject to cover right now.
And we're in such a shift.
But I think based on the overall situation, like he didn't really,
he wasn't in the know it happened with,
with a team that he owned.
Right.
I think that he would,
if he would have been given that information at the time,
he was completely unaware of any of that happening and that it did.
And it was brought to him.
So I don't know if he's taken this as such a,
a strike to him personally of,
of all this coming out,
because maybe if he would have known that this was what was being covered up
at the time, it wouldn't have transpired the way that it did so maybe that's where like the
defensiveness came from it but well i would say this it's it's difficult to get through the whole
clip it's one of those moments where it's like cringe because you're like you're flipping and
especially if you're the type of person where when all this stuff originally happened that you you were in the know and this was all of a sudden brought to you where this, in fact, was covered up.
And because you're the owner, you have to assume responsibility.
And you have to be the one.
You have to be the leader.
You have to be the one in charge to implement that serious change within an organization.
And it seems like they are doing it.
So why not just stick with that path
and delivering is exactly what you're doing to change it.
It just kind of shifted and that's when it's just like, oh.
So I'm not trying to defend him at all.
No, not at all.
No, it's probably hard where you had this unbelievable run,
three Stanley Cups, and as the owner, you get that question,
and with what's been going on for a long time,
you're like, oh, my God, is this our legacy?
Is this our legacy?
And there are a lot of people who will say, yes, it is.
I'm not going to say that.
I'd say that it's completely their legacy,
but it's a part of their history.
So moving forward, and I don't own a hockey team,
my advice, which probably nobody would take who's listening,
would be just prepare yourself.
Every interview you're doing the rest of your life as the owner of this team, you might get one.
You got to just address what you've done and continue to just like Belichick style, remind everyone this is what we're doing.
I'll keep saying it if you want to keep asking. The biggest learning experience of his life, and it's just like we change, change, change, enforce it, stress it, and stay on the.
Definitely a weird video to watch, though.
What the hell is going on?
Eddie Olchek was just, fuck, he was like, oh, my God.
He was like, get me out of here.
Get me out of here.
Get me down to the Kentucky Derby.
It's like when you're at horse picks.
Yeah, yeah.
You better make me the fucking.
When you're out to dinner.
You better make me the GM, team president, assistant GM.
Edzo just wants to watch horses and win on horses.
Nice unintentional segue, Biz.
Eddie Olchek, Patrick Schaap, Marion Hosa.
They've been selected as advisors to assist in the search for the new GM.
Eric Tulsky, Kyle Davidson, Scott Mellenbeam, Peter Shirelli.
Wait, Patrick Sharp?
That was on Mike Grinelli's roller hockey team this week?
My line. My line. Hey, Patrick Sharp? That was on Mike Grinelli's roller hockey team this week? Yeah, my line.
My line.
Hey, looked him off.
My liney.
Peter Shirelli.
The name's in the mix for the Chicago GM job,
so be interested to see what happens.
So that's a face you're making.
You wouldn't like that hire?
Oh, I wouldn't give a fuck.
I'm not a Blackhawks fan,
but I know Blackhawks fans probably wouldn't be looking forward to it.
Chiefs seem petrified about it.
Oh, really?
Yeah.
Okay.
Yeah.
I mean, he did help get a cup in Boston. What would you
what chaos would you rather
see? Torts as a head coach again
or Shirely
as a general manager? I feel like those don't even compare
to one another.
Torts and his history with
media and blowups,
that's one thing where you're talking about chaos.
Shirely won a stanley cup as
a gm i don't think you and torts want to stay like up as a coach but in terms of chaos i don't
really ask edmonton they'd say they they set back their organization five six years i just thought
of the bruins i didn't even think about his time in edmonton there shows how stupid i am at this
sometimes you play for edmonton, too. I know.
Hey, and let's just mention on the pod, a real favorite drink of ours,
I think my voice just cracked in Vegas,
really only when gambling, is a white Russian.
Murr, you got me into these things.
Pasha just got us a bunch.
You're going to finish off this episode.
Every time Pasha walks, I'm afraid he's going to fall
and hurt his elbow again like he did on the next.
Who taught you about the white Russian, and what's in it on the next one. Who taught you about the White Russian and what's in it?
The Big Lebowski probably taught you about the White Russian.
I think my mom always was a big drinker of the White Russians.
Mix it up.
All the rum or whatever it is.
Talking about gambling.
Milk.
Talking about gambling.
So you talked to Tyreek Hill earlier.
He knew two players, Ovechkin and Crosby.
They both have won Stanley Cups.
That's why he knows them.
Who do you,. Right now,
we got 100 each. We got to go put a
future bet in. Who are you taking
to the Stanley Cup?
I had a good conversation about
this the other night with Drew Shore.
We got to run into him.
We kind of said, as great
as all these teams in the West are in
Colorado, Vegas,
I'm not going against Tampa.
I picked them the second year to repeat,
and then I didn't pick them this year.
Now that they've been this good so far, it's like, all right,
because they're in the playoffs and Vasilevsky.
So I'm now once again on the Tampa bandwagon.
The Islanders were my pick.
That's not going to happen.
I'm now saying again at the all-star break,
Tampa Bay Lightning are winning the cup.
Can we somehow clip back to the Detroit pod that I just sat in?
You said it.
And I said Tampa back then.
So now you're on.
You think they're going to three-peat?
I said I'm never going to bet against them with Hedman and three-peat.
Now you're on with me.
I love it.
Come on.
Biz, what do you got?
The Yotes?
No, not the Yotes.
I would  our buddy Mark Madden, the one who's been after us,
coming at us in the headlines, I would let him take a dump on my chest
if the Pittsburgh Penguins could acquire Marc-Andre Fleury
and kind of create their own
Oh, my God.
Imagine your own
Wow.
Close your eyes.
They've been shut the whole show.
Marc-Andre Fleury, Crosby, Malky, Gino, our Gino boy, the Tanger, the Last Dance.
Gensel.
The Last Dance.
Gensel's a big piece.
So here's the thing.
And Gensel's a big piece.
So here's the thing.
If you're going to go out and be Pittsburgh and you're going to move some assets to acquire someone,
Jari's an all-star.
So is that their real need?
Like they get the flower?
You think they can't win the cup with Jari kind of?
And that's not calling him out, but you think it's that important?
Or you think that he'd end up being the starter there almost?
I saw the way that him and Matt Murray worked together. and the fact that he's able to take that backup role.
And he could hop in.
Some Pittsburgh fans would say, you're an idiot.
He's going good.
Why would you fuck with this psyche?
Why would you bring another big dog goalie in?
And then some people would even argue they would start Fleury in playoffs.
Anson Carter, I think he said it.
He goes, I'd start flurry over johnny in playoffs
are you kidding me 100 you don't think fucking tanger and fucking gino and sid knowing it might
be their last year as that treyway together bringing black flurry with the goosebumps on
the arm going out before warm-ups first game of playoffs who you starting buddy hey hey
you just kind of really made me agree with you, Biz.
It doesn't happen often.
They put a little pep in their step.
But we're taking an All-Stars job away right now on the show.
We just watched the guy play.
Didn't the Metro win?
Did he just win the All-Star game, Jari?
You got R.A.
So you're saying Jari is going back the other way to Chicago for who else still?
Package deal?
Oh, I don't know.
But we saw Gensel chucking the cards around.
He loved the action on the blackjack.
I liked meeting him.
Oh, Pittsburgh days.
This just reminds me.
I actually wrote down the guy's name.
One of the people I met at the ball hockey event, Mike Spiegel.
I hope I got that right.
So I used to, my first two years in Pittsburgh
I think it was mainly actually my
rookie year. Team was really struggling
so they had student rush program.
You guys both played for the Penguins, you remember?
But basically I... For the reason
they're good. We were so bad that they got
the hot draft picks.
I delivered pizzas to them in line.
That was one thing we did with Jen Belano
who now runs the entire Penguins media.
She's the owner.
She is the owner, Jen.
Shout out.
And so I used to also, at the time, I was single.
My family, my dad wasn't there very often.
My parents would come, I don't know, once a month.
So I had two tickets to every game.
And I would just swing by the student rush line because I think an hour before the game,
there would always be 50 to 60
college kids out there and they'd be 10 5 bucks so i just chucked my tickets out out of the car
window and a guy that was here this mike spiegel he said i i caught him one time or you gave him
to me and he's that was like i've been a diehard penguins fan forever so it's pretty cool that
that you did that and then i got to see you play and i'm basically just pumping my own tires right
now but i thought it was pretty funny.
You just brought up Fleury, and I remembered the good old days when we were back.
You gave him a couple fun coupons out the window?
Yeah, I think I was trying to throw him to a girl behind him,
and he jumped up and snatched her from him.
That's why I was going to say, why else is Wit Dogg,
as desperate as he is, square wheels, hitting up the student rush line?
Come on, man.
A couple residuals and now pizza pies
and he never drove we all we drove him i drove sometimes because i got he would valet
and then he would drive out and back around with it and actually give them the chains out of his
cup holder that's how he would get it was that in the like the the pigeon line where like mario and
sydney had their own entrance remember Remember that? All of us mutts
had a park in this one lot.
Then Mario and Sid, probably you too
once you got so big that you could go around
the other lot with no fans. That was at
Mellon? Yeah, at Mellon, the old igloo.
What was it like playing there as your home rink?
Because you played there for a couple of years. It was amazing.
The Stanley Cup final that we lost
unfortunately was the scene.
I've said it. My friends came.
It was amazing.
It was so loud.
A guy here this weekend, we were talking about Mellon, a different Penguins fan.
He said, oh, it was just such a dump.
I said, no way.
It was old and grimy.
But the stands behind the net were right on top of you.
The place went crazy.
I loved playing there.
I loved it.
I always thought that it was one of the best home atmospheres when we were really good.
We took advantage of that crowd.
So I still haven't actually been to the PPG Paints Arena.
I haven't been to the new Edmonton Arena or the new Pittsburgh Arena.
What was the movie they filmed out of it?
Sudden Death.
Great movie.
Jean-Claude.
Well, they did the other one, too.
She's out of my league.
I'm in that one.
I'm out there.
We were playing the Islanders in that game.
It's against the Islanders.
Yes, exactly. That girl's decent looking. Oh, my God. We were playing the Islanders in that game. It's against the Islanders. Yes, exactly.
That girl's decent looking.
Oh, my God.
Yeah, she's decent.
Just cranking it off.
I scored that game with Phantom.
Merle, to answer your question, I'm not much for Chuck.
I like a little value, but Minnesota or the Rangers at 15-1 right now,
I think that's pretty good value for a couple teams that have been playing well.
Probably one of those.
How about Minnesota won eight out of nine games since we left them? No, I think that's pretty good value for a couple teams that have been playing well. Probably one of those.
How about Minnesota won eight out of nine games since we left them?
We did all the interviews.
Do you guys know that?
No, sure.
Yeah, they won eight out of nine after we left them.
Billy G's going to have us back.
That's why he gave us the Wahoo B. He's going to build a new Star Wars thing that he can show our A.
I got Nashville 76-1 from the beginning of the season.
They're down to 20-1 right now.
What?
Give me one.
And your boy Saros.
Give me one.
Right now I got 100.
I got 100.
You got to go out there.
Give me it.
Minnesota.
I think they're going to have a chance.
What are their odds at 15, you said?
15-1.
I mean, you know, I hate Jason Schock.
I don't mind it.
But it wouldn't surprise me if Tampa did get a three-peat.
Let's see.
Cut to the Detroit.
Well, speaking of the wild, are we going to throw it to Foligno?
In a minute.
Okay, sorry.
I've got a couple more notes.
That's okay, buddy.
Gary Bettman gave his State of the Game address that he does at the All-Star Game every year.
He said the NHL will consider moving the draft out of Montreal next year if restrictions remain in place in Quebec.
Just another fucking disaster for Canada.
Good for him.
Cheap cut drops for the boys for Canada. Good for him.
For the boys getting drafted.
Sorry, guys.
Where are they moving it, all right?
They haven't said.
They don't know yet.
They're going to wait and see.
They better go to Vegas.
They're going to present them with a jersey and their V cards.
If they move the draft to Vegas, can we come back here, Mikey,
and do another trip?
Merle said they should have the draft, the cup finals,
and the all-star game every year in Vegas.
He goes, just do everything here. No matter what.
No matter who's in it.
Just the answer for everything. And I can't
even play golf right now. Great golf in Vegas.
So bummed being here and not being able to swing
them. He said they might let
Canadian teams move some games out of their
market into the U.S. just because, again,
the fucking situation up there with not being able to have
crowds.
Florida is getting the All-Star game next year.
See you there.
The Winter Classic is coming back to Fenway.
G, did you have something on this?
G broke it.
Broke the news.
You legit broke that.
Yeah, I did. Are you getting?
That's a legit break of the news.
I saw that.
Zero, zero credit.
Zero credit for the rumor boys.
That's not like we've talked about the Olympics one. Everyone
was saying, like that's a legit, you
broke that. It's a legit scoop. That's the
first time, or R.A., you had one I think that
you didn't get the credit that wasn't as vague
as the Olympics. That's
bullshit. Everyone out there, G found
that out first. The Winter Classic
location. Shout out you.
And the teams. They haven't announced the teams, but it's
going to be Bruins and Penguins. I'm telling you. Well, they didn't even announce it. They didn't announce the Penguins yet, the teams, but it's going to be Bruins and Penguins.
I'm telling you.
Oh, they didn't even announce it. They didn't announce the Penguins yet, but I'm telling you, it will be Bruins and Penguins.
Good job, man.
I'll double down.
Will there be an alumni game before it?
I skated last time at Fenway.
It was Frozen Fenway.
I got to skate.
They usually do have those.
Yeah.
I'm going to start working out for that.
Well, they'll do a media game.
Because I'm done with the big deal selects.
Thornton will break your neck like Orpik.
I think that's what I'm going to start training for.
I'm going to be in the alumni game at the Winter Classic.
We can move on.
How did we just get to that?
I don't even know.
It's fucking spitting chiclets.
That's what we do.
The Carolina Hurricanes, they're going to host the 2023 stadium series
at Carter-Finley Stadium, home of the NC State Wolfpack
in Raleigh, North Carolina.
And the global series will also continue next season with games in Germany,
Switzerland, Finland, and the Czech Republic.
Merle, maybe you've got to get in shape.
Wow.
Guys, can we please go to Germany?
I've never been to Europe.
Of those four locations, it's Czech or Switzerland before Germany, right?
Please, just take me anywhere.
What are you looking for?
There's this club in Germany. I've played in all of them. Leg Germany, right? Please, just take me anywhere. What are you looking for? There's this club in Germany.
I've played in all of them.
Legit, right?
There's a club in Germany that opens, like, Thursday morning,
and it stays open until, like, Monday or whatever.
I'm not a club guy anymore.
Grinnelli can order the Dom, though, when we walk in.
All right.
Don't tell me what to get done.
All right.
A couple more notes before we get to Marcus Foligno.
Pat Verbeek, the OG little ball of hate, was named GM of the Anaheim Ducks.
Of course, he worked under Stevie Bongrips for the last several years in Tampa and Detroit.
Seems like he's ready for the job.
John Horkoff, your old teammate, has been named the Red Wings assistant general manager
and the general manager of the Grand Rapids Griffins.
And according to the flight
Congrats, Hork.
Yeah, Hork's the man. He's awesome.
Very, very professional.
Has brought the hard work that he had as a player,
like ridiculous work ethic.
He's the exact same way.
And he said that's what Eisenman kind of,
not demands, but that's what he does,
and they just follow.
So it's pretty cool becoming an assistant GM.
You could see Hork being a full GM,
or, you know, the main GM at one point.
What's Hork doing his downtime to decompress?
Works out. No, he coaches. So I coached against him last year. He plays golf. He's an 0 point. What's York doing his downtime to decompress? Works out.
So I coached against him last year.
He's an 07.
He's a kid that's an 07.
Yeah, Will is a real good player.
He'll be a first-round pick probably.
There we go.
See, Murno's had a scout.
According to the Flyers blog, Crossing Broad,
the team will name Danny Breer assistant GM sometime in the next week or two.
He'll be signing a two-year deal.
I was surprised.
I thought Montreal was going to stack him.
Same here.
And the fact that Montreal was a place that when they hired Kent Hughes,
he's not making all the decisions.
It's Jeff Gordon where that would have been a spot for Breer.
He wasn't going to hop right in as the only guy.
But it's good that he ends up in a place that he played before
and had a lot of success.
He could be great at that.
Merles, you just said Minnesota's been on fire since we left.
What was the record you just said?
They won 8 out of 9.
8 out of 9.
Well, Matt Bould, the unreal rookie, got his first goal in his hometown.
He's got 10 points in his first 10 games.
They're 9-0-1 in those games.
He's the first skater in team history to post at least 10 points
through his first 10 NHL games among those who debuted with the club.
Billy G said he's going to be up for the rest of the year.
So the kid's been a stud so far.
What a feeling.
Get the letter.
When you leave the rink and maybe check your Twitter nowadays
and you see that, like, Garen says, yeah, he's going to be all year,
you're like, oh.
You do the math.
You're like, all right, so that means my rookie team will make
600,000 more. The AHL
salary is done. That means I can afford to give
Grinnelli credit card duties at the club next
Saturday. And for a kid like that,
that's probably the last time he'll ever see the
AHL. Yeah.
All right. And let's talk about Minnesota.
Might as well send it to Moose right now, huh?
Second interview, guys. He's a blast.
It's not even work when we get to talk to this guy.
He's so fun.
He makes it easy.
And his interview was brought to you by Cross Country Mortgage.
Buying a home can feel like a brawl.
If you want to come through the other side with all your teeth in your mouth,
you need a team that has your back.
That's why Chicklets Nation skates with Cross Country Mortgage.
They're dedicated to getting it done with a home buying
game plan that makes sure you get that mortgage win cross-country mortgage has a team of loan
offices dedicated to finding you the best possible loan terms available they have an average close
time of 21 days which is ridiculously fast they got a huge variety of products they cover everything
from renovations to refis and everything in between. So don't risk getting drilled into the
boards during the home buying process. Go with Cross Country Mortgage. They have your back and
are dedicated to getting it done. So go to crosscountrymortgage.com slash barstool so
Cross Country Mortgage can take care of you through the home buying process. Cross Country
Mortgage LLC NMLS 3029. All loans subject to underwriting approved, www.nmlsconsumeraccess.org.
And now enjoy Marcus Foligno.
Well, this guy might be setting a record for the quickest time between appearances on the show.
It's only been seven months, though it feels like fucking seven years after this last year.
He's in his fifth season with Minnesota with the resurgent Wild,
and it's great to welcome him back to the show.
Marcus Foligno, how's it going, man?
Thanks for having me, guys.
Chicklets, chicklets, bump.
You guys turned me into a goal scorer.
I appreciate it.
What do you got, 13 right now on the year?
Yeah, 13.
Yeah, actually, I'm shocked looking at other guys.
I'm like, should I got more than this guy, more than this guy?
I'm going to renegotiate.
I'm hanging on to it right now.
I think if I end up with 15, I'll be good.
Get to 15, just shut it down. Just shut it down, yeah. I'm going to renegotiate. I'm hanging on to it right now. I think if I end up with 15, I'll be good. Get to 15, just shut it down.
Just shut it down, yeah.
Call it defensive mode.
This is all I get paid for.
Yeah, I want to restructure my deal right now.
Oh, hey, speaking of goals, I was talking to your coach,
and he was saying that when he was assistant,
that you guys had a bit of a run in Vegas,
and he brought you some luck on a night that you spent out,
maybe a little later than you should have.
Do you know the story I'm talking about?
Yeah.
Who said this?
Dean.
Oh, yeah.
Dino.
Yeah, that was, I was, I met Devin Dubnik at the tables and we stayed out a little bit
late and I stumbled back to my hotel room.
And before like the Bellagio, like you go to Presto Hotel, I see like Dean kind of come
by and I didn't, I must have bumped shoulders with him.
I must have ran into him or something.
You got cash falling out of your pocket.
And Dean looked at me, and I looked at Dean.
My eyes got so big, I'm like, oh, shit.
So I just, like, kept pressing the elevator button, got up, and Dean next morning looked at me.
He was like, Moose, how you doing?
I'm like, I'm good.
You?
He's like, okay.
And then I ended up scoring that game in Vegas.
And after the game, he comes up to me and he goes, you better go out every night.
Before the game or something.
You better be shit-faced every time you play.
But I was okay that day.
I was just, Dubnyk got me into one at the table.
So he's a gambler.
Was he playing there at the time?
Or you mean you guys were teammates and then you guys ended up going to the tables together?
Yeah.
Yeah.
Were you guys playing blackjack?
Blackjack.
Yeah.
I just, whatever Dubnyk did. because he's one of those guys gambling yeah like
and he's also one of those guys that if you he thinks he knows the shoe so he just pretty much
took my chips put it here and like i just sat there like this and just kept asking for a drink
so what they try to do is they try to read the wave like they're seeing a lot of face cards yeah
backing off their bets where if they haven't seen either like oh they're coming is that his mentality
yeah he's a shark like even like poker and stuff like that like he cleaned up the boys all the time face cards, they start backing off their bets, where if they haven't seen you, they're like, oh, they're coming. Is that his mentality?
Yeah, he's a shark.
Even in, like, poker and stuff like that, like, he cleaned up the boys all the time.
He cleaned up in poker.
He was very good.
I think he's got a brother in him that gambled a lot.
And from what he says, he's up a lot.
So he's the guy you follow in Vegas.
But I don't know.
I think he needs you so that, like, he wins and you lose a shit ton of money so that he wins.
So I think that's why.
Come play with me and I got sucked in that night.
All he was doing was if he lost a hand, he was taking Foligno's chips off and putting them on his side.
Yeah, but me and Dino, ever since that night, we became pretty close that night.
He also, I ran into him in the hallway here as I was going to the bathroom.
And I said, do we have any ammunition on Foligno?
We already had him on.
What else is there to talk about?
He goes, ask him about how many fucking of my drills he's busting.
The drill killer. You're the drill killer i was i was last year heavy in the year before yeah he was uh i don't know dean dean dean's got the raspiest voice in the league so i
feel like when he yells at you you can't hear him he's at the one end of the at the rink so
just one of those things where i always end up uh screwed up but now we got nick bustad on our team
and this guy's the biggest drill b. So he's overtaken me.
He was doing it in Florida.
I was with him there.
Oh, my God.
This guy's unbelievable.
We all just say, Bugie, first of line.
Let's go.
Let's go.
If I don't know something, I just sit behind Bustad.
So he just goes for me and wrecks it.
But that guy's the best for me.
Bit of a space cadet?
Yeah, a little bit.
More than I am out there.
So I just, I'm good now.
He's from here, too, isn't he?
Yeah, he's a Blaine boy.
Yeah.
So, oh, yeah, he'll let you know about'm good now. He's from here too, isn't he? Yeah, he's a Blaine boy. Yeah. So, oh yeah, he'll let you know about it too.
He's good stuff.
Have they always let the fans watch the practice since you've been here,
or is that relatively new?
Yeah, we actually have a pretty good, I mean, weekends are usually like this
and then some.
I mean, there's a lot of tournaments that they host here,
so you get a lot of younger kids' teams that come out here.
So pretty good atmosphere for practices during weekdays and stuff,
not too many.
But there's always someone watching. It's pretty cool well that's my first time here is it is it
common for billy g to be up top because i feel like it just there's a bit of a different presence
to this type of practice where i'm like man it's almost like you're playing another game yeah yeah
it's um yeah you see you look up there you you bust the drill and you look up there and billy
just i came in here right laser lasers right to you and you're just like oh no and then uh it's good i mean it's good to have
the brass watch and i think it's good for the boys and and um but i mean if you know billy it's it's
comical out there he'll like shout down at you sometimes and tell you to pick it up or and then
he'll come down to and mess with your sticks and he's just like one of the players so it's pretty
cool having him here and that's what he mentioned to us is in terms of like i just love knowing what the vibe in the room is he probably
definitely misses playing and being a part of the room but he he did tell us i'm down there i'm
figuring out kind of what's going on and that that makes a lot of sense if he's also ruining
your sticks and shit he walks into the rink he's in the hot tub grab a beer grab a beer oh yeah
yeah he's like he's right in there, and he'll mess with guys,
and he'll chirp guys' style coming in or what they're doing.
Really?
Oh, yeah.
You can see that he definitely missed it,
and I'm sure playing with him was way more intense
or just the stuff that he would do to mess with guys.
So I think him being a GM, he has to dial it back a bit,
but you can tell it was probably comical every day playing with that guy.
And on a day when your head coach, Dean, and the staff gets the extensions, He has to dial it back a bit, but you can tell it was probably comical every day playing with that guy.
And on a day when your head coach, Dean, and the staff gets the extensions,
can you explain what it's been like playing for him?
I mean, Biz said he just ran into him, and he said,
everyone thinks I'm angry all the time because he's got that intense look.
He's got that perma-red face on the bench.
He just golfs all the time, so I think it's usually windburn here in Minnesota that he gets.
But he's great. He's intense's intense but he's like you know i think what's great about dean is that he's played before and he gets like what the room's supposed to be like and from what i've heard
about him the type of player he is is kind of a blue collar guy to uh team guy first mentality so
um he gets it and he's been awesome it's's exciting for him. He deserves the extension, and so do all those other guys like Bob Woods
and Henderson and McLean.
Those guys are great, and they all get along,
and it seems like it's kind of trickled down into our room,
and it's been a good atmosphere, and they deserve a lot of credit.
I just love that they don't show how much they make and stuff,
but us players, when we get a contract, they just throw it out there, you know?
Exactly, exactly.
I was giving them, I was busting their chops.
I'm like, you guys are probably making way more
than the players.
That's why they're not showing anything.
Bullshit.
How much money's on the board, Dean?
Let's go.
Yeah, we'll get a winner classic.
There'll be lots.
I want to go back to, you mentioned that Billy G
making fun of guys' fashion.
Who's strolling in with just the worst fucking gear?
Oh, man.
Goose?
Yeah. Goose is gear. He he's simple off the glass simple goose
yeah goose i think probably has the same suit from 10 years ago i think that's what he's got
the gap carpenter jeans still he loves when it's cold because he can just wear that huge jacket
that covers everything i've got no suit jacket just the big overcoat um uh he usually it's like
guys that have style like dumba um you know who's got a lot of style is Kulikov.
I got a picture, but I don't know if you guys  I'll show you.
Is he wearing the Euro-fitted shoes?
Oh, he's got like  he brought in yellow-tinted sunglasses with an overcoat
that like had like Christmas stitching on it with like red shoes.
It was insane.
But he's Russian, so like it looks so good on him,
but no one else can pull it off.
The outfit was actually like 50K. Like Lonzo ball rolling into his presser yeah but stupid cars oh
yeah like my my daughter uh we had like a little skate my daughter comes rolling in with some shoes
on i don't know my wife bought her some shoes and billy g like oh your daughter's got those shoes
on i'm like what the hell are these and i'm losing it because now i realize they're expensive shoes
for a fucking three-year-old.
So I'm losing on my wife.
I'm like, where are they?
And Billy G's going off.
I can't believe you got shoes for,
I guess they're like over a hundred bucks or something.
But Billy G knows everything from styles.
It's insane.
He knows.
His kids tell him, don't let him fool you.
I think his kids keep telling him.
Yeah, but he's got all that.
If you bring in crappy shoes, he'll come running at you.
It's insane.
What about, we always joke about the Russiansussians and like the abercrombie track suits are like decked out in gucci uh capri soft
go a little crazy with the spending on the clothes yet no he's picked up a few suits dumb
was brought in a suit guy and i think kareel bought about five or six of them off of him so
uh he's got some new stuff but uh no kareel like he doesn't like he he has a he drives an audi i
don't know if it was given to him.
It's like free.
So I don't know if he's...
Putin.
Putin's got the Putin card.
Yeah.
But I think, I won't say Kareel's cheap by all means.
He pays for dinners and things like that, which is nice.
But he doesn't really have any flashy style right now.
All right.
Good to know.
Good to get the little rundown on the team fashion, all right.
Speaking of him, did you get any grief or blowback from the Alaska parents?
They bust your balls about that?
Yeah, a cruel story about the text message?
He said that one of his buddies in Russia,
I guess, follows you guys and kind of
broke it down to him in English and Russian
and he laughed at me the next day
when I told him about it. So I guess
his phone was blowing up from you guys back there.
But when all the guys
heard it, it was pretty funny. A lot of guys actually about the story until uh it reminded them so Spurgeon just
brought it up to us he's like he was supposed to be texting me and all of a sudden I said to my
wife oh shit oh yeah I think Spurgeon and I were texting back and forth like he doesn't know that's
not the group man like this is gonna be awesome let's let it keep going so uh that was like the
perfect icebreaker for that guy is this gonna be your first outdoor game in the NHL?
Yeah.
Yeah.
This is, yeah.
I was in Buffalo when they, but I got traded that year before they played Rangers at the
Met Stadium.
Yeah.
So they were playing there.
So I got, that was going into Winter Classic and then I got sent here.
And so I'm happy.
You missed the one that they had already here.
Yeah.
That was like a year before.
Yeah.
You must be fired up then, huh?
It's getting pretty sick atmosphere.
Yeah.
We've got a lot of family in town. nice so it's gonna be good i mean i'd
yeah i've you know being in northern ontario you play outside all the time and freezing weather but
this is gonna be i mean the twin stadium is awesome i don't know if you guys have seen it
yet but it's uh it's it's really cool it's it's got a good seating and being in like that middle
of the field would be pretty kick-ass so we're looking forward to it this was supposed to be
my first one at a baseball stadium.
Because the last one we ended up going to was at Notre Dame Stadium.
And I seem like I like that stadium series, like, set up better.
Like in the football stadium?
Yeah, given, like, with where, like, the dugouts are.
And, like, as you keep, it gets farther and farther away.
So maybe it'll be harder to see.
Yeah, I think, like, they made it they made it from first base to third base,
the length. But I feel like, yeah,
if you're in the outfield, it's a...
People are there to get loaded.
People are there to get loaded.
You're getting crushed.
I think you're just hoping for Thomas Rhett to come out and perform.
I don't know. That's the only thing you're going to be hearing.
It's going to be tough from the angles
for some people, but if you're up top
and the sweet level,
it's probably the best view. Where the worst weather here or buffalo oh man um i gotta say here like here just gets so cold like it just yeah buffalo wasn't too bad
buffalo you got like the snow the lake effect snow but it would stay a little bit mild it wasn't too
bad but yeah here it's just like i like your pipes freeze in your house here that's how bad it
gets so but it is what it is you sue it so because we already got you on and g thought it would be a
good idea to throw some weird things at you and uh barstool's created a game called answer the
internet so we're going to answer uh ask you a few questions all right uh first one being you
could pick five fictional athletes to be your teammates on a dodgeball team. So I would imagine fictional as in like characters from movies.
I kind of fucked it up when they asked me.
Biz said Spider-Man.
I go, what sport does he play, Biz?
So characters from like sports movies.
Yes.
All right.
Exactly.
The question should have been phrased a little bit differently.
He got it.
Thank you, Marcus.
I'll take Vince Vaughn off dodgeball, right?
Is that one?
You take the guy Average Joe as the leader of the pack.
With or without the bondage suit on?
With.
Okay, yeah, that's what I was thinking.
The gag ball coming out with a little intimidation.
I think longest yard.
You know the guy, the ping pong guy?
Okay, I'll play the big, huge dude.
Yes, the monster.
I think I want him.
But he can't dodge a ball.
Yeah, he can't dodge.
That's just tough. Man, sport. Final answers,, the monster. I think I want him. But he can't dodge a ball. Yeah, he can't dodge. That's just tough.
Man, sport.
Final answers, by the way.
Once you say their name, it's final.
I feel like I go off like historic movies, like Remember the Titans.
I'll go with maybe Sunshine.
Sunshine.
Very good.
Kenny Wu from the Mighty Ducks would be quick.
He couldn't hit him.
He's tiny.
Oh, yeah.
I'll do it. Who's the guy Mighty Ducks would be quick. He couldn't hit him. He's tiny. Oh, yeah. I'll do it.
Yeah.
Who's the guy that can't stop, too?
Oh, Luis Mendoza.
I mean, God, good.
If he goes to the line, he can't stop.
The dodgeball, he's got to take it back.
Jeez, man.
Well, I got two more.
You've been great off the top of your dome.
You make a great scout.
Oh, the kid from Roland Gardner.
Yeah, what's that?
Rookie of the Year.
Rookie of the Year.
Yeah, thank him for sure.
Just sit in the back, just snapping them at people.
Say wild thanks for Major League, Charlie Sheen.
Yeah, he'd be too fucked up, though, to play.
Pick one of your teammates that you would have to have on the team,
if that was an option.
Pick one of your teammates that you would have to have on the team if that was an option.
I'll go with Eric Sinek.
Monster.
Yeah, good at everything.
By the way, Spurgeon told us quickly, back to the team, he said he's a pretty quiet guy,
and once in a while he just kind of gives you the elbow.
You're sitting next to him in the room like, give it to the boys, huh?
Oh, yeah.
When he speaks, it's like's like would you say that like and like wow that was like that actually like was like that hurt like hurt that guy whatever you tripped him like his trips are hilarious but he did when he
pipes in like you know he's like serious and means it and everyone shuts up he's been like
from when i got here i think it was his first year um like it's been amazing to see this guy
just kind of developing the player that he is.
But he's starting to talk more in the room.
Like, he didn't really, I don't want to say, that's just not who he is.
Like, he just really played and showed on the ice.
But, man, like, he's so big for our team. Like, he does, like, you know, you compare guys to, like, Ryan O'Reilly, the 200-foot game,
and Bergeron, like, this guy, yeah, I think he's going to be that and then some too because he's a beast too.
And now he's putting up the offensive numbers, which is nice to see.
I want to ask about Zouk.
It reminded me.
Of course, his practice work ethic.
I thought you were going to pick him as your fifth.
But I heard a story about him and the fact when he's playing against teams
and another guy who he's playing against is playing well,
if he's the same hand stick, sometimes he'll go over,
he'll ask their team trainer or his trainer to go over to their trainer,
ask for that stick, and next thing you know,
he'll be playing with it in practice and getting used to that player's stick.
Is that true?
Yeah, like all of a sudden, like we played like Dreisaitl last game in Edmonton.
Now he's got a Dreisaitl stick on the ice in practice.
Get out of here.
And like he used Dreisaitl stick in a game one time for two shifts.
We were all like, oh, my God.
The bubble hockey stick?
Yeah.
And everybody's snapping around.
I've never seen a guy that can use people's sticks and be good with them, too.
It doesn't affect them.
He took Zegers' stick in Anaheim, used it for practice, and he's like,
yeah, no, I don't like it.
And puts it to the side.
But then I think he takes it all home.
He gets like, yeah, so is he trying to think of, yeah, he's a lefty so i didn't know what what guys on my team thought that was
probably when i was a dog no i'm like he's tried like i'm telling you this guy's tried all superstar
sticks and like he'll bring them in practice and snap them around for the whole practice so if you
get it's insane i've never seen it like if he asks you for a stick it's kind of like that's a big
time compliment like he thinks you're nasty yeah you know what i mean yeah yeah or or it could be that you could be giving it up and next thing you know
you end up meeting this guy in playoffs and he's using that fucking stick he gave him and lighten
your ass up like he used he used dry saddle stick and the whole practice he was just doing backhand
passes like he got things that it doesn't matter went right to his backhand and if it didn't work
out we're just like buddy it's it's not. He comes dressed like him.
He's got his fucking socks over his skates and shit.
Speaking German.
Okay, well, that fun question led to a lot of stuff there.
Yeah, I got another hockey question before we go back to those
because there's a bunch of them,
but Hartman this year has just been crazy good, right?
And, like, there's a guy who's a high pick.
Teams gave up on him.
Like, what have you noticed in terms of, like, what's different for him?
Maybe a little puck luck, or is it, like, his whole vibe around the rink yeah like no i think when he first
came in i think even in juniors too like i've i've known him a little bit uh like he's always
had a goal scoring like ability like he's one of those guys that can um like put the puck in like a
you know lower part of the net or slip it through the goalie's like arm like he's smart like that
and i think he just needed like like someone to believe in him no shit i think that's honestly what it came down to you saw him
like get moved around from um you know where chicago i mean you know i think he almost had
20 goals that one year too so like he's always had it and then now you know you've thrown like
the grit and like the the hitting the the physical play that he does and like he's he's an asshole to
play against the guys that want to run him through the boards.
But he loves it.
And then you put him with Kirill and Kazuki,
and he's getting the puck in the slot more.
He's making plays because he feels like he has to with those guys
because he can do it.
So I just feel like his games kind of came out because of,
give credit to our coaching staff, kind of letting him play.
And it's been huge for our team because, you know,
everyone's talk about our team has been number one center is not there.
And it's just we hear it all the time.
But we don't feel like that because we feel like we've got a guy like, you know,
Ecker Hartman who can kind of throw themselves in there and play great with those guys.
So Hartsy, I think he's a goal scorer, to be honest with you.
Like I don't want to label him as that because, you know,
it's not kind of what he's done in the past.
But that guy can shoot a puck, I'll tell you that.
He can snipe some pucks out there, and it's so nice to see him doing well
because he's an absolute beauty of a teammate too.
He's a great guy, and he just brings it every night.
It seemed like even in training camp, I noticed that at one of the exhibition games,
him and Lannisgar were going at it.
Yeah.
That was kind of, I feel like maybe that
could probably provide a little bit of confidence for him
and it felt like maybe even galvanize the group a little bit
for you guys to muck it up that early in the season.
Yeah, he'll go after anyone.
He knows how to play that game.
I think that he's the perfect playoff hockey player.
He is.
He can suck guys in to take them penalty. That's his job and he knows it that game I like I think that he's like the perfect playoff hockey player like he is um he
can suck guys into taking penalties like that's his job and and he knows it and um he's a good
player playing on that edge and um yeah he got like yeah you go after like Landis Scott like
those top players you get now they're now they're focused on him yeah and like they're not really
worried about you know Kirill or you know Ecker or Zuki now we got some guys that can kind of
start buzzing,
and he loves it.
He's like, I'll do this all night.
So good agitator.
I had one more weird one for you here before we move on.
It's adjusted for inflation because you signed a nice little contract.
If you had one free throw, and if you could make it,
you'd get 5 million.
But if you miss it, you never get to text again in your life, would you shoot the free throw? 100. That might be
a dream for somebody to not have to text.
You would never be able to send
one more text in your life. You had to call
everybody. You don't have to talk to anyone, though.
Yeah, I mean, that's easy.
The way it's going now, I don't know,
do people just FaceTime you?
All these guys on our team, like Jordan Greenway,
if he's got a question for me, he'll just FaceTime call.
Maybe I'm the worst.
He's like, hey, what time are you getting to the rink tomorrow?
I'm like, are you calling me for this?
I would do that, yeah.
What if it was a million? Would you risk it for a million?
Yeah.
Still?
Yeah, I'd still do it.
I'd do it for 10, man.
I went 40 years without texting.
He's like, I never have to answer anyone back again.
This is amazing.
Look at his font.
Show him your font on your text.
It's a fucking billboard.
Yeah, every time I show up somewhere, I don't even know how to do that.
He gets one word each bar because it's fucking small.
You can probably read it from here.
Oh, fuck, yeah.
Well, no, it is.
I got those glasses, like transition lenses.
So if things are too close, I got to take them off.
So I realize if I just put the font that big, I don't have to take my glasses.
That looks like the font I try to get away with in essays in school.
To fill up the pages?
Double space.
What size font are we using here?
Oh, shit.
Did you ask Kirill about Ivan, Ivan, Ivan from World Juniors?
No, but yeah, we were dying at that name.
I don't know.
Was that a typo or was that his real name?
I guess it was real, but it said Tim.
Yeah, somebody confirmed.
But it was Grinnelly who did it and we're the rumor boys,
so who gives a shit?
Ivan, Ivan, Ivan.
Maybe one of the names is Ivan, maybe Ivan, Ivan.
I don't know how that is.
But yeah, that name is insane.
Do you have anything else you want to ask him, Whit?
All right.
Yeah, I was.
Is this the best vibe around the team since you've
been here right now?
Yeah, I think
and don't want to disrespect
the teams we've had before, but yeah, I think
what we have going on now, there's something
brewing here that's special and
guys just seem to be
on the same page and
it's been fun to be a part of.
I think you've got a lot of guys that just know their role,
and I think that's been kind of exciting.
You don't really have to  guys always want to jump up in the line
and do that stuff, but I think the way we play,
when we roll four lines, we're great.
Everyone's getting an opportunity.
Everyone has confidence.
Everyone gets along with each other.
Since being here, it's probably the best vibe. This group's been just gets along with each other. Yeah, since being here, it's probably the best vibe, the most.
This group's been just gelling with each other,
so it's been fun to be a part of.
It's a team that  oh, sorry.
No, go ahead.
No, it's just a team that, like, you say roll four lines.
Even the fourth line, you see 10 minutes, right?
And it just makes you guys  from me watching games,
they're just hard to play against.
Like, I feel like you just wear teams down.
It's a big team, right? I would consider you guys a larger team in the league, so that's what's interesting is that everyone hard to play against like i feel like you just wear teams down it's a big team right i would consider you guys a larger team in the league so that's what's interesting is that
everyone gets to play it's true yeah i think you know the biggest thing is this when we kind of get
away from the five on five play you kind of see where we're getting a little bit trouble but like
when we do play five on five like we're one of the best you want that yeah that's that's like the
that's exactly the game we want because when you can throw Sturmey's line,
Bustad, and whatever, Pitlick or Raskin on there,
those guys take it to the net too, and they play offense.
So that's what's great is that you wear these teams down,
and then you send Creel's line out there, and they start buzzing again.
So it's one of those recipes that has been working for us,
but we've just got to understand that the 5-on-5 play,
we're up there with everyone in the league.
You mentioned Pitlick.
He's on waivers, right?
What a great find that is.
Why did Nashville let him go, you think?
I don't know.
I don't know if it was a money thing, but this guy, he's really skilled.
I didn't realize how skilled he was until he got here,
and then he had the hat trick in Seattle,
almost the same move, identical times.
All breakaways.
Yeah, his hands are really good.
His hands move as fast as his feet when he skates.
So he's been like a nice  because he's got that confidence
as a third or fourth line guy to make plays at the blue line
that can extend the play.
And I find that's so big for our team because now we can get some more offense
out there and he doesn't seem to have lost any of it.
Anything special tricks planned for the outdoor game?
Like now I black, I know that's like kind of a common thing guys do.
Yeah.
The baseball stadium.
What do you got to be?
I don't know.
We were joking around.
Like, I don't know if we're just going to have like the thing that just has
your eyes showing like the whole hunting mask on.
Like, I don't know if I should come out with one of those.
I think they're called Bella Clavas.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Come out with like, maybe like the Hannibal.
What's it called?
The Hannibal.
It's called the balaclava, right?
Yeah.
R.A. was laughing at me, and I pulled that out of my ass.
That's why I was laughing.
I said that in the room.
Actually, some guys were like, what's that?
I'm like, I'm pretty sure it's a balaclava.
Maybe I'm pronouncing it wrong, too.
It is.
Do I just say balaclava to anyone?
Sounds like an offensible word, doesn't it?
Yeah, I don't know. Yeah, we're going to see doesn't it? Yeah, like, I don't know.
Yeah, we're going to see.
It's going to be like, I went out yesterday.
It was like 10 degrees when I went out, put my garbage out the other day.
And I'm like, this is going to be 20 degrees colder.
I'm like, I'm not ready for this.
This is going to be insane.
But I think the jitters and I know I heard the benches are really warm.
So like actually uncomfortable warm.
So that'll be good.
But maybe in minus 20 degree Fahrenheit weather, it'll be
balanced out. Toasty nuts. Well, I know we already
had you on, buddy, but we appreciate you.
Yeah, thank you. No problem, man. Thanks for having me.
Great personality. I'm sure the fans will love round
two, and anything else the
fans should know about the team? Any silly things going
on lately to end things off?
No.
I mean, this whole COVID
world's been shutting us down.
So, you know, we're done playing in Vegas,
so I guess we've got no more late nights there.
I'm sure you'll find another place in another city to go out.
Yeah, yeah, exactly.
No, we're just excited to get back to playing hockey
and enjoy Minnesota, boys.
It's a good time.
You guys are going to Cowboy Jack's tomorrow?
Yeah.
So, yeah, good spot.
Actually, one last one. Oh, we got one last one. Here we go.
Would you rather have Cheeto fingers
or wet socks for the next 24
hours? Or no, for the outdoor
game. No, he's got his
gloves on, though. He's got his gloves on. No, Cheeto gloves.
They're all over your gloves. Just covered
in Cheeto. Instead of one of those
things you get the grip on the stick with,
it's just Cheetos. Oh, a beater.
I think I go with socks.
You can hide those a little better. I don't know.
Imagine I shake your hand, I got fucking Cheeto fingers.
That's R.A.
You fucking shake his hand yet?
Eat Cheetos. Thank you so much,
bud. No problem. Thanks, guys.
Big thanks to Moose for jumping on with us right after practice.
Very much appreciated appreciated like you said
biz he makes every one of the media's job super easy fun guy funny guy great guy so i want to let
you know that interview was also brought to you by sport clips i don't take my broken phone screen
to a mechanic for the same reason i don't trust my hair in the hands of my grandmother stylist
i want someone who specializes in me and the experts at Sport Clips
are trained specifically for guys' hair.
Long, curly, short, thinning, thick, chubby face, skinny.
Whatever you look, they know how to cut
and shape your hair to fit you best.
Afterward, you might even get a pinch in the cheek
from grandma.
Sport Clips, the pros in men's hair.
Let's see, a few more notes before we wrap up here.
Jack Eichel could be cleared for contact right after the All-Star break,
so good sign for the local fans.
Head up, NHL.
Yep, absolutely.
Vegas gets healthy, look out.
The NHL and NHLPA are in talks about another World Cup before the 26th Olympics.
A, quote, strong possibility it'll be in February instead of before the season.
I'll obviously keep posting that. I like that because
you're in mid-season shape.
I mean, it'd be great as the 96
World Cup was prior to the season, September,
but I still think middle of the year
it's something to look forward to that breaks up the season
for everyone. No more,
what was the underage team?
26 and under, North America?
It was the Young Stars team, I think it was.
Yeah, North America, Team North America.
Canada, US.
Straight up countries.
All right, I'm in.
The Olympics happened to stop the last few days.
I know there's no pros in it, so there doesn't seem to be much buzz about it.
We're pros, dude.
Even though we play in Europe, we're pros, dude.
We're getting paid.
My buddy Matt Robinson, he's on Team Canada.
He is the best player in the world,
and he's making more money than everybody in the NHL.
It's all tax-free and Russian bag.
He's making 11.
He's making a few sheets.
Does somebody live in his apartment when he's on the road?
I can tell you a great story about this guy, Mike Fountain.
He was in the Russian Super League.
He would get paid 300,000, and he's trying to bring it home.
He's like, how do I get it home?
He was a goalie.
He ripped his goalie pad, took out all the stuffing,
and lined the money in there and then re-sewed it.
So listen to this.
So then now you've got to ship it.
So he's sitting at the baggage claim.
Did the bag, like, his whole salary, 300,000, 400,000 like did the bag like oh that's a pan his whole salary
three four hundred thousand like you don't know give it a kiss i hope i see you on the other side
i hope it gets there that's what he goes i was in toronto like this like waiting like
is it gonna come through and it comes through and you're still not safe like maybe they took
that one pad out and then he got the one pad he saw it and he like undid his sewing job and there
was celebrating it made it believable that was when i first went to russia this guy told me that
mike found when he was a russian super league he's like the first canadian guy to ever go over there
i don't know if that made any sense any of you no i love that shit yeah you hear a bunch of those
stories the guy's trying to get money back and now yeah a little more legit had the same dilemma
but brie got it over and he got her Gucci bag.
Well, he just gambled it all away.
He didn't come home with anything.
No, I had money.
I said, well, she wasn't my wife at the time.
I said, I have all this money in this Italian.
In Russia, it was an Italian bank somehow in Russia.
And with the language barrier of both languages, me not having a clue,
also just being so lazy with certain things, I said,
please, if you can get this money to my bank account in the Bank of America,
I'll just get you any bag you want.
And then that night, she's like, all right, yeah,
I'll pick out the bag next to you.
I was like, holy shit.
But it was money well spent.
The bag was picked out before the work was.
But, well, you didn't get to the...
But we're pros.
We're still pros,
even though we're over there playing.
It's fine.
Merz, the EBR guy
who picks all these European games,
now it's all those guys
representing their countries.
So who's winning?
Russia.
Russia automatically.
Well, China's got Yipper.
Apparently, somebody sent me a clip.
One of our loyal listeners, they clipped... Apparently, I said, if Yipper ever Apparently, somebody sent me a clip. One of our loyal listeners, they clipped.
Apparently, I said, if Yipper ever plays for China in the Olympics, we'll be there representing.
Did.
That was before Wuhan and COVID.
So, yeah.
Sorry, I'm not over in China right now checking out Yipper.
You guys want me to go?
I'll go over.
I can go.
There's stuff to the pads.
It's like the money, buddy.
Last year, four years ago, the German team surprised everyone. And I think it was a good game, gold medal game. It wasn't Russia. It's like the money, buddy. Last year, four years ago, the German team surprised everyone.
I think it was a good game, gold medal game.
It wasn't Russia.
It was like Olympic athletes representing Russia because they just get busted for doping.
But I guess Russia is that much of a wagon because they have so many good players that just play in the KHL.
So that's the pick.
That's a chalk.
It's chalk, but it's easy.
Canada's chance.
Canada would be  it's Canada or Russia is going to win it.
Dan Winnick still playing.
Ferraro.
Landon Ferraro made the squad.
Robinson he's talking about is a defenseman.
I saw him in Dynamo Moscow,
and I'm very surprised that he hasn't come over to the NHL
because now you see guys coming over later,
but he's making so much money to come over.
It'd be a big pay cut.
It'd probably be a one-way, but it wouldn't be what he's making.
He just lights it up over there and cashes checks.
He's the new Nigel Dawes?
Yes.
He's the new Kevin Dahlman.
Dahlman was definitely the other one.
He must have made 20 million over there.
Kevin Dahlman, he's from Niagara Falls.
I used to skate with him in summer skates, and he played with LA.
Offensively.
I played a game against him in the KHL.
We lost 5-4.
He had five goals.
He's in the KHL.
Yes, and he's a D-man.
Merle's been on the game and won EBR special, baby.
He had all five.
He had all five, dude.
He was so nasty.
When he was on Barry's?
Yeah, Barry's.
Kazakhstan.
That was the place where they had the awesome team.
Bo-rat.
Bo-rat. Yeah, Kazakhstan. Bo-rat they used to film Bo Rat, but that was...
Bo Rat.
Yeah, Kazakhstan.
Bo Rat.
I never even say it.
Call it Bo Rat.
That guy was sick.
Bo Rat was a sick prick.
You're right.
Like I said, the Olympics started, and unfortunately for Team USA,
the women's team, Brianna Decker, got hurt in the first game.
It looked like a parent slew foot from the finish play.
It was ugly.
You could hear her screaming because the stadium was empty.
It's tough to hear. She's going to miss the rest play. It was ugly. You could hear her screaming because the stadium was empty. It's tough to hear.
She's going to miss the rest of the Olympics, unfortunately.
Canada's Melody Dow.
She's day-to-day with an upper body
injury. She's one of the key players.
The women are still in the preliminary
round. The men start Wednesday. But just going
back to China, did you see the China women's
goalie, her setup with the dragons on the
pads? Fucking unreal.
Incredible.
Nice unis. Goalie, her setup with the dragons on the pads. Fucking unreal. Incredible. I didn't.
That's a hand on the helmet show.
Incredible.
Nice unis.
I want to go see it.
I saw those pads.
What's the game?
Baccarat? No, Baccarat.
Wierenski.
That's Wierenski's game.
Oh, so that just reminded me of two stories.
First was you just mentioned that, unfortunately, Decker was, you could hear him scream with
an empty crowd.
Awful.
It reminded me, I got to call a guy out in the trickles cup i think i think it was the edmonton team and i wasn't watching exactly where he was but all of a sudden i see a guy down i see him
grabbing his knee and he's screaming it's like the whole game pretty much stops and everyone's like
oh no the dreaded blow out your knee playing street hockey i was like oh is this guy's kneecap like on the other side of his leg
grinnelly sprints i'm like we gotta get a doctor's guys fucked up grinnelly starts sprinting to the
ambulance that we had on site in case something happened in the meanwhile there's so much
commotion this guy's screaming it's dead silent there's a girl there she's a pink whitney she's
a nurse everyone's like you're a nurse go help him she She's a pink Whitney. She's a nurse. Everyone's like, you're a nurse. Go help him.
She comes flying out.
She's like, I'm a nurse.
I can help.
The guy got up and was playing the next shift.
He was screaming bloody murder.
I was like, ACL is done.
And then I was like, wait a minute.
If it was just for the slash, how are you going to agree?
Speaking of the Chicklets Cup, what I was basically doing was just changing quickly every shift for my two line mates.
So I'm going to do that again.
I'm out of here, and I'm going to my line mates because I'm done.
These guys are just like any game.
Oh, on the bench.
Jacob and Ollie, here we go.
Grab that mic, bro.
All time here.
That was a nice segue merles great job man
that was professional because we didn't rag on the guy who was calling bloody murder who got
the love tap on the knee hey he chops down k-mans oh my that guy's the biggest pussy ever though oh
he's coming in guns ablaze and definitely was he was crying like he blew his whole knee off but he
chops out k-man's injured knee that you can see.
Wait, that was the guy who got K-Man?
Yeah, and K-Man just came around and got him on the top is what he said.
Oh.
I'd tip or tap, man.
Yeah, it was ugly.
But back to you guys.
How were the 12 years in Bangladesh where you played pro?
I mean, it was good.
So I got more ice time in Bangladesh than I did at Spin Chicklets Cup
because you benched me every, what, two shifts, three shifts?
I didn't bench you.
Well, not whip, but you just had me sitting down most of the shift.
He's like, let's roll, one, two, one, two, one, two.
I'm not going to lie to you guys.
I was talking to Merle's out there, and we're figuring out ways we didn't have to run as much as you guys.
So I was a part of that.
And it was smart play by Merle's.
Like, this guy coaches championships. You know what I mean?
Did you feel like you got benched?
Well, I did it to myself, man.
You know? I didn't want to
ding up those waffle boards too bad.
We're going to get a Marlboro
sponsorship if you keep playing for our team.
You were hacking Nike's fucking left and right
between games.
That's why he was doing quick shifts.
He had to crush a dart in between shifts.
Some people stretch. I exercise the lungs.
Smart play.
What was it like playing on the line with Merles?
Seriously, that guy's an all-time.
There's no better word
for this guy. He's got weak
knees, though.
He's got cankles nowadays, too. It's a nightmare.
Hey, you guys are kind of
being humble.
Two of the top goals in the tournament. I think it was our
Big Deal Select's first goal was you.
First shift, first goal.
Out of midair in front of the cameras
the clip will be phenomenal and then
And then a big shot off
Biz's. Yeah, Biz. Yes.
Biz ripped it and then
got off the ice quick and then I just banged her
I didn't get the plus
but i got the apple you were one of those kind of goals i was filthy so let's let's go all the way
back how did you guys even get your start i know the first time that i uh uncover what you guys
were doing where it was the torts shot blocking video oh yeah and the video where you guys came
out with the blades on concrete just sparkler special yeah kind of like
when uh we got there at 11 15 and 11 26 we had the fucking sparklers coming out for granelli's
bottle service on the dom perignon very much like that i don't know what that is but it sounds nice
but actually biz is like one of the key guys for like us taking off and like he's yeah yeah he's a
big part of our career you were all time you you shared some
stuff for us man and tweeted it that made a big difference for us you guys saw the the audience
go oh as soon as bitch hit that tweet oh that's awesome overnight so he's like a big part of our
guys well i mean you guys are funny bastards so that's why i retweeted it man you guys are like
ogs in canada you guys are doing like budwe ads, appearances at the Calgary Stampede.
And I was scoring the best goals in Spin Chicklets
Cup history.
One of my favorite
Stampede stories was pre-COVID
and Biz is there and he's
obviously hit one. Oh, that was single
Biz. Classic Biz. I was getting
bumpskeys in the porter potties, getting
your wings sucked off your torso in the porter
potties and full-on gangbangs
going on in the porter potties. Biz on gang bangs going on the porter potties.
Biz's body was there, but he definitely wasn't.
No, no, I chill.
He was full on.
My brain didn't get across customs that trip.
Absolutely not, man.
I was there in spirit.
We're chilling with Johnny.
We're just chewing the shit.
And then we hear Biz yelling at this girl.
He's like, hey, come here.
Give me your boot.
Give me your boot. Takes this girl's sweaty ass boot off. And she had the hair yelling at this girl. Like, hey, come here. Give me your boot. Give me your boot.
Takes this girl's sweaty ass boot off.
And she had the hairiest legs too.
And just dumps a brew in and just goes for it.
Just chugs, hands the boot back, kicks her on the way, and just back to, oh, that was all time.
I braided her leg hair too in the meantime.
She left with cornrows for sure he
tried to make johnny drink out of the boot too and johnny's like i'm not doing that
easy's on didn't he leg hair was drier than fucking all these coif over here
yeah i got to condition a little bit hey you gotta get you should get i know but we gotta
talk you gotta i'm jacob that's all hey so i've been this guy've known Biz for like five years and he can't get our name right.
Not one time.
If I had to compare you to something, I would pick like Apollo Bricks.
You know?
That's what I would call you.
Jesus, Biz, get the names right.
There's so many times I'm like, and I just let it fly and they're probably like, that's not my name.
I'm on the ice and you're like, let's go, Jacob.
Hit him, Jacob.
And he's beside
you crushing the dirt yeah you know i knew i just knew you were the lefty he was the righty
how did you guys like find each other how did you discover each other skateboarding actually
yeah of all things skateboarding i convinced him come play puck with me so we had a coach back in
junior b you had to fight to stay on the team yeah i got kicked out i had to try out for this team
two years in a row and this coach he every time he's like he's like you got to fight if you want
to make this team I'm like coach like if I don't got to fight I'm not gonna fight you know he's
like well if you don't fight you're gone so first year I didn't fight I got booted off the team
so I try out next year he's like okay you got to fight again if not you're gone it's like well
fuck coach I won't fight didn't fight gone the next year you're like the reverse happy Gilmore team I didn't even make the team three years in a't fight. Didn't fight, gone the next year. You're like the reverse Happy Gilmore.
I didn't even make the team three years in a row because I didn't fight.
You're like the Costco brand Happy Gilmore.
Yeah.
364 more days so I don't have to fight someone.
364 days so I can get cut again.
Yeah.
And so you decided to take the plunge into hockey,
obviously not regretting ever since.
No, absolutely not.
Definitely not.
So when you say skateboarding,
you met each other at the skate park? Yeah, we were just flicking
wood. How old were you guys at the time?
I was 17. Selling
oregano? Yeah, selling darts,
oregano, flicking wood.
Hey, you want to do something cool? Pushing out of the
92 Ford Ranger custom. That thing was
clutch. Went to Canadian Tire,
bought a 34 muffler for this
thing. It hummed.
Nobody's getting any sleep. Absolutely not. You want to sleep Oh, baby. Went to Canadian Tire, bought a 34 muffler for this thing. It hummed. It hummed.
Down the street.
Nobody's getting any sleep.
Absolutely not.
You want to sleep at 10 p.m.?
Parking lot, spinning the tires with a darkness mouth and a ranger.
I'd have to sneak out of my house.
I'd go out.
It was a five-speed, so I'd put it in neutral,
and I'd push myself off the driveway down the block
and then fire it up and burn outside just in case my parents heard.
But that's how you had to do it.
Just neutral and let her buck.
The gen.
Yeah.
I love the commitment, like wearing the uniform when you play,
but does it ever get in the way, like the bucket or the vest?
It seems like you have to feel your game a little bit.
No, we both have stun straps on.
So the buckie's not going nowhere.
And it's more of a safety thing in the C-boy hat, you know?
Mine's doctor prescribed.
His is prescribed at a young age.
ST getting in.
Hey, when you guys are just maybe just chilling in a normal life, right,
you probably wear the hair different.
Do you get recognized still, or is it really the uniforms when people go nuts when they see you?
The uniforms definitely do.
I mean, you see an idiot with a red cowboy you know like it's easy to pick
jacob doesn't really change though yeah he's got he just yeah all he does doesn't change
he just takes the garb off and like he gets recognized a lot like he gets free tim hortons
and stuff when he goes oh no shit yeah you ever get the great one nine sugars nine creams i just
go with the sweet al mInnes, two sugar.
Sweet Al McInnes?
You call that the Al McInnes?
The Sweet Al McInnes.
What other Tim Hortons coffee cups are we calling here?
Have you ever done the great one, nine?
He has.
Honestly, I think we invented it.
I know we heard it on your guys' podcast. I didn't even believe it.
He said it.
I was like, no way.
Because we did this like three years ago.
We did a video of us going to the drive-thru.
Like, hey, give me the great one.
It's nine sugar, nine cream.
And it was disgusting.
Dude, an extra large with that much?
Watch your mouth.
That's business go-to.
Watch your fucking mouth.
Yeah, but you...
I'm pretty sure he's got a great one right now.
You love that.
You love that.
That's a white Russian.
Oh, my bad.
In other languages, we call that...
Somebody in the box today said, like, you're legit pink.
I said, exactly.
It's the Pink Whitney in it.
I get sun.
I go pink, red lobster.
I then go immediately back to pale.
I have no tan in my game.
So that's why it's Pink Whitney.
Thanks, Murr.
You guys enjoy the weekend here or what?
See you in Buffalo?
It was nice.
I was talking to Biz today.
I told him, I was like, listen, if you can get us back on the team in Buffalo? It was next level. I was talking to Biz today. I told him,
I was like,
listen,
if you can get us back
on the team in Buffalo,
we're going to try and come.
Sneak over the border.
I'm going to trade in
the prostate pros
for some real shoes.
Biz, you know we're
a good fourth line guys.
We get in,
we dump it,
and we get off.
I was going to say,
Merle should get bumped
to the second line.
Merle's got to go up.
I'd love to join you guys
on the opener.
Merle's got to do some squats.
Merle's done. He's never playing again. He's a door opener. I'm telling love to join you guys. Merle's got to do some squats. Merle's done.
He's never playing again.
He's a door opener.
I'm telling you, I've got a better player for us.
I'm telling you, I've got a guy.
I don't think we're going to hear Merle's in the background here.
And I don't want to be harsh, but we've got to get rid of our goalies, hey?
We talked to them.
We talked to them.
Trevor Gretzky was unbelievable.
He was fantastic, but he kind of fell apart down there.
No offense, Trevor.
He was in the sun, and that can really get to you.
If you don't have the stamina to be a ball hockey goalie,
sometimes you're out until 5 a.m. the night before.
That could do it, too.
But he stood in there for a game and a half,
and then we got some substitutes.
He had some big saves, too.
He did.
Yeah.
We will address goaltending.
Yeah.
Both diehard Flames fans.
I was, yeah.
And now, you know, it's tough.
I just cheer for the boys that we know, you know?
Yeah.
As soon as we meet stuff, they ruin the rivalries.
I would watch Oilers versus Vancouver pre-OTB, and I would cheer for injuries.
Jacob hated Phaneuf, like, with a passion.
Really?
Seriously?
Yeah, I liked him rookier, and then he just kind of fell apart, I thought.
Did you ever hear the story when he got his SRT8 stolen?
His truck stolen at Starbucks?
Everyone knows that now.
It made Calgary News.
It was headline.
It's funny because Tim Hortons would have valeted it for him.
Oh, for sure.
And then he goes to the bougie Starbucks and he gets the thing stolen.
He needs that 5.
He was poopy pants about that, too.
For sure he was.
We were at the Flames game.
We were meeting Uncle Nate.
And Jacob's like, oh, man, I hate Dion, blah, blah, blah. And the first guy that walks up from the top, I don't know, he's like, is Dionacob's like oh man i hate i hate dion blah blah blah
and the first guy that walks up from the time i don't know he's like is dion he's like oh hey
guys jacob big fan yeah and then i hate him yeah but i say you're in the wedding party you're the
godfather to his kids exactly but i say to their face the first time we met teddy purcell 10
minutes in i told him to his face i hated you straight up he was like that's okay yeah he was an oiler so i was like i hated you but that was
the rivalry and now i can't have that hey you probably love the wit though because he's a
turnover machine we're telling you you know calgary flames whitney jersey oh for sure i did
for sure i did he was making who probably freddie brathwaite. I remember the deadline my last year in Edmonton.
The deadline came. The day of the deadline, we were in
the playoffs for the eighth seed.
Everyone was saying I was gone or whatever.
Steve Tambolini, he kept
the team together, tried to make some additions.
We played Calgary that night. I was like, yes, I
scored too. I was like, here we go.
Didn't score the rest of the season. Ended up
getting a healthy scratch and that was the end. Calgary
was the beginning of the end post-trade deadline for me with the Oilers.
That's where people go to die is Calgary.
I'm not going to lie to you.
Careers die in Calgary.
With your guys' brand, it's unreal.
I mean, close to 500,000 Instagram followers.
The business side of it, have you noticed that's tough?
Is it both you guys doing that together?
Have you gotten help?
What's that whole scenario?
We got a manager. Oli handles a lot of the editing like posting on social uh i mean i
crank wrenches still because you know i'm just trying to pay some bills but kovat slowed us down
now we're uh opening back up so we're helping get nice oh what's cranking wrenches mean what's your
real job i'm mechanic i fix cars yeah classics yeah car's a
car man engine hasn't changed since the model i live my life a quarter of a mile at a time
how much am i getting never had me never had your car
jacob how much am i getting hosed bringing the car to the dealer as opposed to finding a good
quality mechanic oh you're getting put through the rinser. Oh, I bought a new carburetor the other day.
I didn't realize that.
Yeah, dude, they haven't had those since the 80s.
Yeah.
Yeah, you want me to fuel and jet that carburetor?
You know, 100, 100 OP.
I'll do a, yeah, what, 100 an hour?
Let's do three hours.
I can take three.
We got you.
I posted one of my bills one time,
and the fans were like,
oh, buddy, those things don't even exist.
For sure.
I brought it right back to the Jeep dealership.
I sat in the manager's office, and I said, I can make this real ugly online
or you can just give me back my refund on this credit card.
And he put the full refund on.
Oh, primo.
Oh, yeah.
So the Chicklets Nation helped me out.
What do you do regular time?
Nothing.
I'm unemployed.
I'm just hoping to get paid from spitting Chicklets Cup.
You stick handle, work on your dangles.
Yeah, I just sit at home.
I work on my dangies, dangle the chairs and stuff.
Just hoping for a contract, you know?
I hear you.
Buffalo.
He doesn't drink character, does he?
Nah, he is a character.
Our whole life's a character.
Yeah, people think it's like we just put on this show, but this is actually, yeah.
You just have a helmet on, but like you said, you have to wear that anyway.
Doctor told you. Who are your favorite NHLers?
What do you love about the game?
Like right now?
Yeah.
I'm a big Johnny Gajal fan.
Brock Besser.
That's probably it, to be honest.
Just those two.
Big Sid guy.
Oh, yeah.
Sid's the best.
There's a great story about his first encounter with Sid.
If there's any way you're going to paid from the chicklets cop it's like a residual from sid to wit that somehow finds a
venmo over to you but i'm hoping based on your play we covered cost of flight and and board and
what's the that's kind of what you brought okay so i'm like i was a diehard pens fan before all
this huge i just love sid because obviously he's the greatest hockey player on earth right
so he loved me because i was playing against his favorite team and you hated me because i was on I heard Penn's fan before all this. Huge. And then I just love Sid because obviously he's the greatest hockey player on earth, right?
So he loved me because I was playing against his favorite team and you hated me because I was on your favorite team. I actually loved you when you were in Pittsburgh too with Bugsy.
Thanks, buddy.
No, for real though.
You Bugsy can tell, but I loved you guys.
But yeah, so we got there and we were there with Armstrong and he's like, I could take you down and meet Sid.
And I guess before he was texting Sid, he's like, always here.
You guys are hard on to meet you.
No, this was all live.
That transaction was live.
We're going down to see Rusty and those boys.
And Sid was injured that game.
So we're walking through the tunnel.
I was so nervous too.
Sid's walking the other way, right?
This guy goes beet red.
I was nervous.
Oh, yeah.
This guy would do anything for Crosby.
Meeting your idol.
Anything for Crosby.
So we're walking.
Army's like, oh, Sid, it's the boys.
And he's like, yeah, I know the boys.
And Army's first thing, he's like, oh, yeah, well, he's got the biggest heart on for you.
He'll suck you off right now.
And Sid's reaction was, oh, let's hit the showers.
That was the first thing Sid ever said to us.
He's like, oh, let's go shower.
Talk about making you feel relieved. You're like, yes, he's going to let me. That was the first thing Sid ever said to us He's like Oh well let's go shower Talk about me Can you feel relieved
You're like
Yes he's gonna let me
That was
That was unbelievable
First reaction to Sid
I gained so much respect for Sid
That's awesome
That would do better than
Paris Hilton number sex tapes
Probably
You'd be the new Kim K
Right
Sucking off
Sucking off Sid
Look how big she is now
I getcha
Don't say it
I'll do it
A little bit of fame you know what do you
got all right what's up next for you boys after here any uh any content coming up anything new or
what uh rolling back home tomorrow uh if we can if we pass our covid test yeah we just went through
those are not covered as well why did you just copy you can't get one yeah they're all closed
we tried for like six hours today trying to find a spot to go. Couldn't do it. What time is your flight tomorrow?
12.30, so we're rolling in.
We should be all right.
We got the Expo in Minnesota.
We got a bunch of things coming up.
State tourney.
State tourney, Henderson Foundation, all that stuff.
Nice.
But it must be awesome, the fact that the game basically keeps you guys moving.
You guys get to keep your friendship.
You get to go on the road.
You know, you got to keep things moving and shaking
and also probably bank a little bit of dough.
So you guys must be over the moon about how everything worked out.
This is fantastic.
This is a dream you never knew you had, right?
Well, I got the chance to meet you guys for the first time.
Had an absolute blast.
Thanks for joining.
Everyone, check them out.
Because for people in America, maybe not aware,
on the bench, Instagram, these two guys are funny, great videos.
Check them out now.
And I got one last question.
If there's one thing about the league
that you could change, what would you change?
Ask Jacob.
I got to think. I got a small brain. Okay. All right.
I would say the fight rule. I miss the
policing with fighting. I miss
that a lot. Like there's too much stick work.
So I want to see some fights and take
out that god awful instigator
rule. I hate that. Wow.
He misses the old days.
This is tough.
Hey, Olin, Jacob,
whatever the fuck your name is,
you're up, man.
What do you think?
One thing to take out of the game,
is there still red line passes?
No, those are gone.
There's no two line passing anymore.
Oh, two line passes.
You want to put it back in?
No, no.
I was just curious
if that was still in.
Oh, okay.
One thing,
okay, so when the,
I think when the goalies leave the net, they should be able to get
hammered. Fair fucking game. Fair game.
I think they should get fucking killed. I'm telling you.
Aaron Dell is a killer.
Do you guys think he's going to get hammered next game he leaves
his net? Should we call it the Aaron Dell rule?
The Aaron Dell rule. If you leave
your net goalies, you're fair game. If you get hammered,
tough break. Could you imagine
the postable clips of goalies getting...
Can you imagine Tom Wilson hammering Carey Price?
Oh, yard sale.
It'd be classic.
Wilson's going 25 miles an hour.
100.
He's always been like that.
Arendelle's always been throwing cheap shots.
Arendelle has always been like that.
I grew up playing with him in Arendelle.
Really?
And he is...
They put him on waivers after that last one.
He is a firecracker so what do
you come on the pot oh dollar 100 nice true he's blind in one eye that i didn't know that no that
was your goalie in chicklets cup yeah that was our goalie that's why that was hazy that was hazy
in chicklets cup hey uh wait so so that's a good way to end this one that's great that's great that
he'd come on i i was just. Would he be wanting to fight guys?
Is he that much of a firecracker?
He would, for sure.
When he was playing in San Jose, they came to Calgary.
He told me afterwards he was trying to go with the other goalie.
Oh, really?
I can't remember who.
It might have been Talbot.
That's when all that stuff happened where he hooked Benny in the balls,
and then they had that little scrum.
So he was trying to till you there.
So he's like a new school.
Who's the guy we interviewed for the Islanders? goal used to scrap billy smith he's a new school billy
smith well and and nobody well i shouldn't say nobody because ron hextall uh razor um ray emery
fought josh gratton's like he was fighting heavyweights back in the day so that was probably
the toughest goalie i ever saw with a smile smile on his face. Yeah, laughing the whole time. Well, boys, thank you so much for joining.
We'll hopefully see you guys in Buffalo.
And keep on just crushing it.
It's great to see.
Congratulations on all your success.
Thanks a lot, fellas.
Appreciate it.
Tendies, fair game.
Fair game.
It's a new rule coming in 2023.
Well, this is going to wrap up our first ever Las Vegas episode.
Hopefully not our last.
If Biz doesn't stop misbehaving over there.
But we've got to say, first off, thanks to the sponsors.
Pink Whitney, Bodyama, Labatt Blue, Alto, Unreal.
Thanks to the participants who come out to play.
And a huge thanks to everyone who didn't play, who just came to hang out, to take in the action.
Especially those who drove several hours or flew in.
Like I said earlier, we're humbled by it.
We fucking love you guys and gals, and we'll see you in Buffalo.
Peace.
Peace.
Peace.
Peace.
