Hey, Spittin' Chicklets listeners, you can find every episode on Apple Podcasts,
Spotify, or YouTube. Prime members can listen ad-free on Amazon Music.
Hello, everybody.
Welcome to episode 374 of Spittin' Chicklets,
presented by Pink Whitney, from our friends at New Amsterdam Vodka,
here in the Barstool Sports Podcast family.
What is up, gang?
Got plenty to get to.
Gold medal games.
Sid hits a big milestone.
Biz back on TNT after Vegas detox.
A Falcon Punch and a bunch more.
But, of course, we've got to check in with the fellas first.
Producer Mikey Grinelli, what is up?
A lot.
Big week ahead for the boys.
Atlanta on Friday.
Nashville for the stadium series on Saturday.
So I'm excited to get back on the road and see you guys again.
Oh, yeah.
I haven't been to Nashville since Stanley Kupcheche when we self-financed the Chicklets promotional tour
back in the day.
That was a good time.
Did a lot for the show.
Early days, baby.
Still didn't get our dough back.
Biz Nasty, what's going on with you, buddy?
Nothing very eventful other than work.
A lot of work.
Went to the Coyotes game on Saturday night.
A bit of a meltdown in the third period.
I tell you what, fucking L.A.
L.A., the surprise team in the pacific division drew dowdy two tucks just barking at everybody out there looking like a goddamn
gritty himself uh aside from that buddy just chilling at home a little bit after that uh that
crazy couple weeks and i guess it all goes back to my dog. Like we adopted Lloyd and he's like all I fucking think about all the time.
Like he's like my kid now.
And then I got talking to Katie about how much joy he brings to my life.
A little collab in words there.
And she was joking around.
She's like, well, fucking Wit just got a dog.
Grinnelli got a dog.
You should force our way to get a dog and we should do our own little like Westminster dog show
hey hey
I'm gonna right now say something
my dad told me long ago when I told him
I was gonna get a dog single in the NHL
he said Ryan that would be cruel
and unusual punishment to the dog
so I feel the same RA
cannot be a dog owner guys
yeah
you know no I don't especially a puppy I just yeah it's like a Ray cannot be a dog owner, guys. Yeah. Right. All right. You know.
No, I don't.
Especially a puppy.
I just.
Yeah. It's like a kid taken care of.
Like I said, I can't pick up a hot steaming shit off a sidewalk with my plastic bag on
my hand.
That's that's that's basically it.
What?
Buddy, like for the amount of joy that that thing brings my life, I would legitimately
eat his shit.
Yeah, I understand.
I get the whole appeal i don't
know i i don't even know if the build my living allows dogs they might i don't even know if i
could have a pet right now but i think it's all like relative to like the match that you find
like maybe there's this like young dog that has like a fucking playboy subscription even though
he's a puppy and that he loves going to the pub and you know he maybe he likes when you blow the
weed smoke in his face like there's got to be a match out there for a dog for ra and now with all of us having dogs if you get
one i think we could do i think portnoy did one of those westminster dog shows with the other
employees at some point in barstool's history no i'm not sure we can do a side podcast spit
spit he did he did this He did. Doggy podcast.
Biz, let me ask you.
So Lloyd, it seems like you're closer with Lloyd.
Is that because Katie already had?
Oh, I love Finn.
I know you love Mr. Finn again.
Me 13.
And he's the OG.
But it seems that Lloyd has gotten more to your heart a little bit.
Yeah.
Like I feel like Finn is like an adopted kid where I'm still going to show Finn love.
I'm still going to make sure he's fed.
I'm going to, especially around them, make sure I snap the love 50-50.
But when Finn's in the other room, I'm on the floor with Lloyd giving him more belly rubs.
And every time he gets a treat treat I make sure he gives me
a kiss and like I just fucking love
my dog
but yeah
like a stepdad
with Yoshi
our new dog Yoshi
so
he has zero respect for me
and it's like
you know my wife's telling me,
you got to, like, be an alpha around him.
I'm like, all right, well, he's just  she gets up, he follows her.
I get up, he doesn't even come near me.
And then I'm like, let's go.
He won't do anything.
So now I'm trying to give him treats to just basically buy his love.
And it's just so far, I'm really coming off as a kid who's never had a dog.
I've never had a dog.
And our vibe right now off the bat is brutal i love i love them which dog owns like nfts it's got like the hottest uh
air force ones car chain bracelets birkin bag no dude he's getting his nails painted like he's
just like a toy it's like will smith's kid i'll buy that dog the nicest
dog food you can just to try to spoil him and in terms of the picking up the shit i agree all right
it stinks but our dog shit is rock hard and apparently if you continue to always feed them
dog food and not human food their shits will stay hard i will say being in the winter in boston
before we get down to florida was much easier because you know it's just rock hard you don't
even pick it up right away in your yard you let it freeze in the snow down here i think you leave
it outside it gets too hot in the sun but right now they're rock hard easy to pick up but it sucks
dude then you gotta like fold up the bag and then it's. I will give you that. It stinks. So about three months ago, I thought that I'd earned the trust with Lloyd.
And I'm like, you know what?
I'm just going to go over to dinner to my buddy Donnie Superstein's place,
Joey Superstein's father.
And I talk to him about it on the pod.
He's the one who used to live with the Gretzky guys.
And I'm like, you know what?
I'm going to let him out of his cage.
I'm going to let him and Finn snuggle up. They seem like they're a little bit tired from their little uh escapade at the
park well i come home and fucking lloyd had chewed up the corner on my restoration hardware couch
fucking ten thousand dollar couch with busy stuff but i'll tell you what it's just like that's when
you know like the love is real where it's just like it doesn't even bother me it's still it's
still shredded on the corner of my couch but it doesn't doesn't phase me one bit because
ten thousand dollar couch i think restoration hardware couches are like yeah i think it was
like 8500 usd but i'll tell you what like i spent so much time on my couch i don't have a television
in my room i refuse to have a television yeah i do I. Yeah. I think it leads to more love making with no TV in the bedroom.
Yeah, wit dog.
You going down?
You going anti-Jamie Benn with the tongue, boy?
Oh, yeah, guys.
Speaking of making a squirt, Jamie Benn was doing it on the bench,
but he won't do so on the sheets the other night.
A little water bottle of bukkake going on there.
Boys, we talked about the grind my gears, and it's like,
if I sit and try to think of one, I can't, but it pops up,
and one just popped up, like talking about the the dogs i was walking home with my dad's
last night he lives right across the way and fucking not one like two piles of dog shit it
looks like a clydesdale drop the deuce there i'm like people who have their dog shit and leave it
on the fucking sidewalk they should be fucking publicly executed that's vile and disgusting to
do that whoa i mean geez save the the execution for the Tinder swindler.
Or the Saudi Golf League.
Geez, be right.
We should probably start talking some hockey,
but you mentioned TNT last week.
We have a lot to cover going back.
The women's gold medal game.
Of course, Jack Eichel's return.
RA, I'll throw it back to you on to how you want to end it,
but we haven't really even thrown it over to Witt yet
because I was talking about my dog Lloyd.
Yeah, Witt.
You're still down in Florida, obviously.
Yeah, a little vacay.
Witt, part of Florida.
You don't have to say the exact location if you don't want, but roughly.
We're staying in Lauderdale, but the first week we came down,
my wife's sister and her husband and their kids all came down,
so we ended the week by
coming back to
Disney World.
The happiest place on Earth.
This friggin' place stinks.
Let me tell you, Disney World is a joke.
The biggest money grab in the history
of money grabs. It's unbelievable.
They nickel and dime you for
everything. But
today is the... But today is Sunday.
We're recording a day earlier this week.
Thank you so much to the boys.
They helped me out because tomorrow I was able to get the fast pass.
So the fast pass, you get somebody to come with you from the park,
and they just take you to the front of every single line.
So today, all of the families at the park dealing with the 95-minute wait
to go on splash mountain
and tomorrow witty comes in and witty gets ushered around the whole the whole park and walking on
rides so we get 10 people tomorrow so uh my family wyatt's obviously not here my mom's with him but
then we got rider and then steve and kayla have three kids and then my wife and her sister's
parents are going dav Dave and Missy.
So it'll be a blast.
Ten people.
And then I played golf my first round back.
Yesterday was my birthday.
Happy birthday to myself.
39 years old.
Can't believe it.
Thanks, R.A.
I feel like I'm 65.
Like, I'm not kidding.
My body's in a bad place.
But I played my first round of golf back since surgery on my birthday.
And I came back.
I shot 82.
I hit it like trash. I hit two shanks in a row two holes in a row nine iron eight iron directly right into the water still ended up with
an 82 had three birdies but i was back playing golf and my elbow feels great so nothing was
bringing me down and it was my birthday so i'm in a phenomenal mood. I had to go back to something last episode that I talked about the rink,
the rink in Pompano Beach where Ryder had met Coach Janine,
this awesome woman.
She teaches figure skating.
She teaches hockey.
So all of a sudden, Merle's in MIGS.
And for people who don't know, MIGS is one of our good friends.
He helps out Merle's with the EBR.
They're making picks and they're doing it together.
MIGS is a big part of the team.
They write me.
They say, Witt, we worked at that rink when we were in college.
They had no dough and some frigging classic stories they wrote me.
So they had no money after, I think, their freshman year at RPI,
and they went down, and they stayed at, like, the guy who owned the rink's,
like, apartment there.
He had a little, like, condo for them.
Basically, one guy slept on the couch, one guy slept on the floor.
And so they were asked to paint the locker rooms.
They painted the locker rooms for five days.
It was the wrong color.
They had to start again right when it ended and redo it.
They ended every single day with a 96-ounce, what did he call it here,
a bucket of Long Island iced tea where they just got completely waffled. In the time
there they made 2,000
when Merle's got home he owed his mom 2,500
because she'd been
sending him money down and I guess
also the funniest part that they told me
was that one day they were asked to dig up all
the shrubs in front of the building so
digging was taking too long so they
tried to tie a rope to the
to all the shrubs and then
pull a truck and just pull them all out didn't work only dented the truck and then you couldn't
shut the back of it so oh my rink on pompano beach has been um has been crushed before by by
migs and murals but that that gave me a gave me a laugh and other than that i'm ready to talk about
hockey yeah it's the gold rooms of the season going back to the fast pass like uh what does that cost and do you get carted around too i'm not willing i'm not
willing to say the cost of it i'm really not because it's embarrassing but the guy at the
golf course yesterday interlocking unreal i met this kid jackson and tim the bag boys unreal guys
they work at the shop and he told told me, you have that Fastpass?
He said, I've been living down here.
Oh, no.
So the kid picking the range at the course, he sees me.
He goes, holy shit.
Like he saw fucking Jesus Christ.
He goes, I was just picking the range, listening to chicklets.
And then I lift my head up, and one of the guys talking,
sitting on my range, hitting balls.
So I went shooting the show with him, nice kid. And then I said, head up and one of the guys talking, sitting on my range, hitting balls. So I went to shoot the show with him, nice kid,
and then I said, I got the fast pass.
He said, another, like a come-to-Jesus moment.
You have the fast pass?
He said, apparently in that fast pass, they walk you around,
you say, hey, I want an ice cream, and boom,
Mickey comes bombing out of the shrubs and hands you the ice cream.
I think it's as VIP as you can get at Disney World.
So I feel bad for the whole fam today dealing with the lines,
but I'm coming in tomorrow, guns a blazing.
I'm going to try to go on 50 rides tomorrow.
Who did you  so obviously somebody put you in touch with somebody
at Disney who got you this special Fast Pass.
They ain't handing these things out.
Are they even available to the general public online?
Yeah, anyone can get them, but they sell out quick.
And the first time I ever heard about them was when Keith Yandel came down here for for the first time and he had it and he's like i can't imagine not having it
it's like if you ever go you like i'm telling you you can't go without it but in true fashion
sorry already there's there's two two and a half hour waits for the good ride so people go to the
park they go on two three rides in a whole day and be there for 12 hours.
So Keith, Keith mentioned to get it.
Now, the biggest thing is last year was they weren't doing it because of COVID.
So when we came last year, we brought Ryder.
We wouldn't be back here if my nieces and nephews weren't already going.
It was like Ryder doesn't need to go again.
But we came back with them.
So I said, oh, well, now we got to try it.
Kind of like how I go wouldn't answer the question of what he's driving these days i know what was that i don't know i would imagine it's
probably something very very nice that he didn't want to say on television like any golden knights
fans see him cruising around let us know what this guy's uh or it's the contrary maybe maybe
he's embarrassed maybe he's got like a like a dumper mobile and Xfinity Q 45.
Like I had my rookie year when Rick Jackman told me I was the only guy in
the league that would ever drive that.
I would say GM 70 years older.
I would say max Talbot easily had one of the worst cars I've ever seen as a
pumpkin.
He had this,
I think it was an infinity too,
right?
It was a Nissan. It was a Nissan Murano Murano. And it was an Infinity 2, right? It was a Nissan.
It was a Nissan Murano.
Murano, and it was orange like a pumpkin.
And it was orange like a pumpkin, and then he got those chrome rims on it,
and it was just, it was an absolute nightmare.
If you saw him driving around Wilkes-Barre in that car, and then somebody told you that kid's going to score two goals
in a 2-1 Game 7 Stanley Cup final final win you'd say you're goddamn fucking crazy and could drive around a pumpkin
it's gonna be in nhl history forever so so for all those out there in vegas uh let's know what
jack eichel's driving around in wait i want to ask like what happens if a shitload of people
buy the fast pass like is there a line for all the fast pass people or you know what i mean
because if enough people buy it does that that form its own line for those folks?
They only sell a certain amount of them.
Okay, okay.
And I think you're guaranteed, I think the line will be, like,
no longer than 20 minutes or 15 minutes, something like that.
Like, I don't think, like, because I have to imagine there's going to be
a separate entrance because if there's some monster dude from Kansas who's spending his entire life savings on bringing four scrubby kids to Disney World and that guy's waiting in line for three hours for the Avatar ride and he sees me walking with my Avatar sunglasses on and then I cut him.
They would have an issue with some violence.
So I'm hoping we have our own.
Oh, my God.
Am I ever fucking praying from from Carl from Kansas fucking knocking
wit out on TMZ with those fucking avatar glasses?
I handed my ice cream that goofy just brought me from the bushes.
Hey, finish this, Carl.
Oh, my God. bushes hey finish this call oh my god okay we can end on that note as far as the personal stuff we got some hoggy to talk about uh before we go do we yeah a little like i said all goes back to
parenting and and that was part of the the one of the discussions i wanted to bring up off the hop
laugh from last episode nathan ger, the reaction to the interview biz,
I thought it was overwhelmingly positive.
I know some guys are coming in there like stand-up comedians.
Other guys are serious.
I thought his interview was very candid, very interesting.
And, of course, it's the internet.
So people are upset the fact that his parenting style,
that he grew up with, was the way it was.
And, hey, good for Gerby for clapping back at this guy.
He's like, hey, that was my  I'll get it right here.
Sad? Nope.
I'm proud of my childhood.
It wasn't shitty. I learned respect, hard work,
and good attitude. It was my choice to play,
and I was playing to be where I am now.
Wouldn't trade a single day. I am forever grateful
for my parents and my childhood.
Another guy clapped back,
saying, fucking, you succeeded.
Other kids didn't, but then, of course, it's the internet,
so someone dug up this guy's tweet.
I'm not going to put his handle out there.
He had a tweet from last year. Fuck me. I've learned a lot about my father today none of it positive clay you're not the person i looked up to so it sounded like this
guy had his own daddy issues he was trying to like throw on gerby or something but either way the
feedback on the interview was great what or biz which one you guys want to go for don't be mad at
me be mad at your dad he's right i do hate my dad yeah what was that from adam sandler yeah
okay so that interview was awesome and we went into that interview knowing
you know gerby's history and i didn't know in depth of kind of you know how he was raised
and i will say i i understand people who are like whoa whoa that sounds a little aggressive but
after hearing the interview as opposed to just hearing the clip that Barstool posted,
maybe understand that this is what he believes turned him into the person he is today.
And yeah, there are examples of overbearing parents who've probably burnt out kids from certain sports,
been so overbearing with school and academics or playing an instrument.
The list goes on and on for parents who expect too much of their kids.
But when somebody goes through it, comes out of the other side so happy and appreciative
for what his dad taught him in terms of hard work and what life's going to throw at you,
I had to be impressed by him.
And for people that don't know the kid or the situation personally, I've just heard
a clip on the internet to judge,
to say what you think's right or wrong to me is foolish.
I think you just hit it out of the park, my friend.
It's really tough to follow. And I just look at it like this,
like look at his attitude towards it. And if anything,
his parents were getting ahead of it saying like, guys,
life is extremely difficult. We all know that as you grow up and, you know, in the early days,
it's a lot of sunshines and rainbows because, you know, well,
fortunate enough for me,
I think that maybe I wasn't as exposed to how difficult it could be.
Cause you know, I had two wonderful parents. I was very blessed.
Some people are not blessed with that.
Did my parents maybe push me to a level of which nathan gerbys
did no i will say though i was a psycho about hockey itself so if i went and had a bad practice
i would usually punish myself by running when i at least got to a certain age but just to hear
that he had two loving parents who went through a shit ton of adversity themselves like he mentioned
that they went through bankruptcy,
but yet they still provided all that time and attention to devoting their
life,
to raising their kids,
to make sure they could handle those problems if they arise for themselves.
So obviously he's a,
a,
a,
a fine citizen and he's raising his own kids now too.
So I,
I,
it was,
it was a breath of fresh air and such a different
type of interview that we've had on chicklets and yeah it was uh i really appreciate his honesty and
uh and i'm i'm rooting for the guy even more now and if his parents didn't do that he wouldn't
have an nhl career for 11 years you know what i mean yeah and he said my child like he emphasized
mine like that was my experience so when other it, I could see why he would bristle at that stuff.
So either way, great interview.
If you'd somehow missed it, check it out.
But I do want to let you know the playoff stretch run is coming,
as is the trade deadline.
And, you know, you might be sweating about what your team's going to do.
So why don't you relax with some nice, smooth tasting Pink Whitney?
It can be found in liquor stores everywhere and at your local bar
where you can belly up and enjoy a nice Pink Whitney shot
or perhaps a little pink Whitney and soda.
So go out and grab it.
It's all over the place.
All right, Biz.
It was great to see you back on TNT.
I know you a little had a hiatus.
We were on the road and, you know, like you said on the air, I needed a detox, which is fucking hilarious.
Four nice, four nice matchups that night.
Plus the women's gold medal game.
We got to the first one, Florida, Carolina.
I think everybody's praying that we get this matchup in the playoffs at some point.
Florida comes back, wins 3-2 in an OT.
Great game.
Unreal goal, that Bokov goal.
I mean, this guy, I'm so glad that Florida is getting some national recognition
because they deserve Bokov and Huberto.
But Bokov goal for us.
Biz, let's go to you first.
Well, both those teams, right?
I think this might be the only time that florida is on tnt all year it sucks because they are such an entertaining team and
we talk about the high flying offense this is a full-fledged fucking boys club too
i believe it was bennett who got pushed from behind i didn't think the hit was overly
aggressive by shvetsnikov i think that he if
anything kind of let up but he got him from behind and he went into the wall the minute that happened
the florida bench says you brought this on yourself and it was a fucking gong show full
fledge uh hit fest uh i think it was marchment who caught uhcek up the middle. Like this was a throwback hockey game,
but mixing that new school offense and the goal by Barkov,
holy shit, I fucking, I'm going to give him a double wrister
as soon as I'm done summarizing this game.
But it was, this is after I think a 14 or 15 day layoff too for Florida.
So they came in and I am so impressed with that team.
Obviously Carolina too. It sucks that they ended up giving it up,
but what more could you ask for us from an entertainment perspective,
you know,
regarding two teams down South growing the game in these new markets boner
full-fledged hockey boner for biz on the broadcast game one.
The game was amazing amazing i was super impressed
by freddie anderson too that guy just continues to look so good what a change of pace for him in
terms of coming from toronto and hockey craziness and just probably being so relaxed playing behind
a great team and and so i watched that game and you talk about the hit that marchman through am
i saying his name right guys marchman, it's Marchman's kid.
The guy who was suspended, I believe, 12 or 13 times throughout his NHL career.
Yeah, he was a killer.
But that kid is so good.
He then went on to have a hat trick Friday night when they pounded Minnesota in Minnesota 6-2.
The team is for real.
I first thought that he was possibly an option as
a little trade bait if they're looking to grab
a defenseman, right? He's younger. I don't know
if you could trade that guy from that team now.
The toughness he brings, the size,
he can score. That hit on Trochek
and then Trochek ends up getting the penalty
because he plays with no helmet.
It was a brutal bounce. You get run over
and then all of a sudden you're just, you're not even thinking.
I fucking hate that rule. That rule sucks.
I thought that was the coolest thing is you get to play with no bucket
for a shift here and there.
Come on, Gary.
You have to lit up.
I used to try to knock mine off on purpose,
but I'd end up like hitting my nose, giving myself a bloody nose.
Is that what happened to your hairline?
Yeah, Jesus.
It's not looking great.
I will say that the Panthers right now are the beasts of the East. I just, it's not going out on a crazy
limb, but they have every single thing in their repertoire. They could play tough. They could
play mean. They could score better than anyone besides Colorado. And the team with Barkov and
that goal is just on another level right now. And the fact that you have Bobrovsky playing as well as he has,
but also Knight, if something were to go wrong in the playoffs,
that insurance is something else.
So I love watching the team play.
I didn't know TNT only had him once.
That sucks.
I completely agree with not overthinking this.
I think that the rumor was that they were going to try
to go get another defenseman.
I think they should keep this team exactly the way it is.
And especially with that, buddy, why shake it up?
They got some good guys in the back end.
They got Montour.
They got Wieger.
They got Ekblad.
Who's the other guy who kind of flies under the radar?
Forsling.
Forsling plays pretty well.
Forsling.
And I think they got him on a pretty fair contract um and the reason i say that wit is you just mentioned marchman and then um
that lundell oh what a place he's all of a sudden entered in the top five of the the the rookie race
right another is he gonna is he gonna be in the top three probably not because he's in this market
that nobody fucking knows about
all of a sudden.
You got Huberto, who nobody's been given respect to,
or at least on the national recognition until really this year
because he's putting an MVP-type season.
I mean, I might be the only guy who had Barkov listed
as the most underrated guy for eight straight years
because I'm a bit of a Barkov fanboy.
A dummy.
But, I mean, these are just other guys that you don't hear about.
I mean, and I even like what that Lomberg kid brings on the fourth line.
He is just a fucking shit disturber Tasmanian devil.
So, I don't think you overthink it.
I think you stick exactly with what you got and you roll with it.
If it ain't broke, don't fix it.
And we haven't even covered Reinhardt and Bennett whoett who they're fucking they can put the puck in the net and they got a little bit
of toughness too so it's just it's a perfect it's a perfect team right now i think jacob
chickering would be a very very nice i know but i'm panthers but but then what are you going to
give up i know that the coyotes are asking for the world you're not gonna i think you're a bozo if you give up that lundell i think no way they're not doing it he's not going anywhere he's not
going anywhere yeah so i i wouldn't fuck with that but uh uh do you want to move on to game two now
all right uh yeah real quick i just want to mention what i liked about the after the trochek
hit nobody tried to fight like it was nice to see a good clean hard hit and then nobody have to
quote-unquote answer for it.
No, they just tried to kill each other with other body checks.
Yeah, that's all.
Also, got to give a shout-out to Lucas Carlson,
one of the best saves of the year.
Not even a goalie.
He got a stick on, sitting right in the crease behind the goalie, Bob Brodsky.
Awesome stuff.
And, too, I love Biz.
I tweeted the NHL on TNT handle saying,
we need the audio of D'Angelo and Gudis when they were going back and forth,
leaning over the bench, barking at each other, two characters, man, I would,
I would pay a fuck a hundred bucks to hear the audio,
what they were saying to each other. Just a pretty, pretty funny clip.
Well, I mean, Jen Botterill, who was between the benches kind of backed off.
You look mortified. Yeah, she was mortified.
I think she said that there was a facial hair contracts, politics,
you name it. it was mentioned.
A playing time.
The whole laundry list of insults that could have gone back and forth
in that period of time.
But, hey, listen, I think D'Angelo's got a bit of toughness to him,
but I don't think he could beat up Gutis.
No.
I mean, what a sign of a Carolina, too.
I know they lost Dougie Hamilton, but no disrespect to Dougie.
They haven't missed a beat.
They brought Tony in.
He's been outstanding this year.
And, you know, give him a shout-out, too,
for what he's been doing for the Carolina Hurricanes this year.
The second game of the doubleheader, Colorado at Vegas,
two Titans out west.
Jack Eichel's debut, he didn't get any points.
You know, he was engaged out there, but, you know,
you want to criticize a guy who hasn't played in over a year.
Colorado, absolute wagon.
But the big talk was Nate Dogg's hit on Nolan Patrick.
You know, I know Nate plays with a chip on his shoulder.
I don't think he meant to do what he did.
I don't know if he was trying to brush him off, but it sucked to see
because we know Nolan's had concussion issues,
and he hit his head off the initial hit,
and then it looked like he hit his head on the ice too.
You just hate to see that what a guy with, you know, with those issues.
So just like there was a small minority of, you know,
fans who were bitching about, you know,
Tuca and how he's not the greatest. And we're going to get to that later.
We got Foles coming on to debate and back himself up that Tim Thomas is the
goat.
Now you're starting to get a little bit of a whiny portion of fan base in
Colorado when Nate ended up taking that hit from Hall, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah. And it's just
like, yo, it was a hockey play. It was his own stick. Shut the fuck up. I'm going to now defend
Nate in this situation and say, they're going up the ice. I think that he just wanted to initiate a little contact there.
Did he come up a little high, but guys,
it looked like a pretty fucking innocent bump.
If you watch that thing in real time and it is a really shitty result.
And Patrick has a history and I know some people are not happy with it,
but I'm going to chalk that up as a hockey play.
Like they're, you play like they're you know
they're kind of battling for position in the middle ice that little quick bump nudge kind of
gives you that extra step and maybe a two-minute interference but just a terrible result so all
those bitchy whiny fans who were complaining about how fucking hall should have been shot in a space
because they touched the n dog. Fuck off.
But just as much as I'm going to say, fuck off where people are going to say,
Oh my God, that was the dirtiest thing I ever saw in my life. No,
it wasn't with.
No, not at all. I just thought about Patrick and it that's,
that's just horrible news, right?
To see that go down and to know what he's been through. And the problem with concussions, everyone knows you get one.
It seems like you're able to get another one a little easier.
And as time goes on and yeah, he caught him in the jaw, but while also saying, I don't
think he meant to do it.
I don't think it was, it was that much at all.
I think it would have hurt any player, but Patrick had so many issues that now you start to wonder if he's ever going to be able to play hockey in a sense of not getting another one, right?
I'm not really wording myself correctly here, but at some point, when they're happening so frequently that it's just nothing plays that are making it all go down, that's when you start really worrying.
So I thought about that kid and what he's been through, and hopefully he's just able to get healthy.
I think it was one of those things where you're looking to shove a guy
to get that step, to go back, get the puck, help your defenseman out,
and it was just an awful, awful ending to that.
So hitting his head on the way down was also scary.
It was probably the one he talked.
And I hope with what I said didn't take away from obviously how I feel,
and I hope that this guy heals up and he comes back to playing hockey.
I guess the point I'm making is like like those types of things are kind of happening throughout the game.
Every every game. And yes, those are going to continue to happen.
And you can't just kind of put a microscope over every little thing like that.
It's just like that's that's fucking that's the contact sport. That's hockey that's hockey yeah i mean i think the super slow-mo experts don't help either when
you watch it you know like one-tenth speed it looks bad but like you said because in real time
it's these guys are flying there's sometimes not any intention to hurt a guy and i think that's
what happened there so you know we wish the best to no one patrick man like i said he's had these
issues we hate to see guys get hurt like that so we're pulling for him to get back out there uh another vegas news vegas gm kelly mccrimmon he shot down pretty
vociferously any thoughts of a mark andre flurry return to vegas his quote there's absolutely no
credence to that rumor at all i wouldn't normally speak on such things but there will be there will
be so much racket about this it's important to let people know that's not going to happen i thought
that was a good move by him just to nip it in the bud because gms don't usually you know address rumors
of this nature but i think it was probably a good move by him because it'll just keep going for the
next month and maybe be a distraction for everybody one that like we probably started
okay now that that's cock blocked he better be going to pittsburgh if i don't get g or daniel
back to the flames or fl Fleury back to Pittsburgh,
I'm quitting the podcast.
But why would Pittsburgh trade for him with Jarry playing the way he is?
Like, what would be the motive?
I don't fucking care.
Just get it done.
All right.
For entertainment purposes, for the last dance,
for the goosebumps on my arm thinking about Sid, Gino, the Tanger,
the Power Rangers assembly.
Can they even take that contract?
I don't even know.
I'm not a capologist.
I don't care.
Well, then stop saying dumb shit.
You just need first grade math.
We need him in Edmonton.
Although we've won five in a row.
We've won five in a row.
We got a game tonight.
This is Sunday to go for six against Minnesota.
Have you been watching?
I've seen probably half of each game,
if you want to average out the five games.
What would you say the biggest difference right now is?
Goaltending.
Goaltending.
They're getting goaltending.
And I think that McDavid's obviously gotten real hot.
Everyone knew that would happen.
He had three points on Saturday night.
He's really picking up his play.
Dreitz Eilish continued to do his thing.
I think the offense is there.
Kane's been a great addition, seven points in nine games,
and the goaltending.
So we've said it all year long.
They couldn't get any saves,
and then their scoring dried up a little bit.
But Woodcroft's the first Edmonton Oilers coach
in the history of the organization to win his first five games.
So I know the Flames have nine in a row.
That's kind of a kick in the dick for my little Oilers self-party here.
But us Northern Albertans, we're fired up and we're looking towards, I think, more of a, what are we, 10-1-3 in the last 14 or something?
Like this isn't just the five games.
This is a run.
Woodcroft for Jack Adams for your other ear.
Exactly. He was actually the first coach. This is a run. Woodcroft for Jack Adams for your other ear. Exactly.
He was actually the first coach.
Berube did it, and he had a worse record.
Wait, what?
Berube won coach of the year the year they won the cup?
Oh, didn't he?
Am I mistaken?
Or maybe it was Cassidy, actually.
I think Cassidy beat him out.
Yeah, it would have made sense.
It would have been the last of the cup in January. Cassidy won. That's correct, it would have made sense. Would they have lasted the cup in January?
Cassidy won.
That's correct, Biz.
Dash one for me.
Good call, Biz.
Biz, you mentioned we're going to have Faleway Falls on a little later
to talk about Rask.
We also have Detroit Red Wings Sam Gagne.
We had a nice chat with him a while back.
We'll get to that in a little bit.
I think we've got to go back to Eichel's return, though, just quickly,
considering we were talking about the Vegas.
I thought in the first period he looked really good.
He had speed bursts.
He looked like he had his lungs in his jump.
Latent shifts.
He was hauling it on the back check.
But, yeah, it's going to take some reps.
He ended up getting an assist the next game when they ended up playing against LA.
But, you know, a little bit of a letdown from a game standpoint,
but very, very impressed with, I mean, Colorado,
they can just beat you any way, any way they can get you.
So it'll be interesting.
Well, Biz, the main event Wednesday night, of course,
the gold medal game, the Canadian woman versus the American woman.
Canada jumped out to a three-nothing lead.
They hung on for a 3-2 win to clinch the gold.
There have been seven gold medals since the women started playing.
This is Canada's fifth.
I was shocked when I looked at the stats.
The U.S. outshot them 40-21, but Canada dominated this game.
They just were all over the Americans.
They took advantage of their scoring opportunities.
We've got to give a shout-out to Sarah Nurse.
She set the record for most points in a tournament,
18 points past the legend Haley Wickenheiser, 17.
Shout-out to Sarah Nurse. And then Marie-Philippe Pouin. tournament 18 points past the legend hayley wickenheiser 17 uh shout out to sarah nurse
and then marie philippe pull in she has scored in every gold medal game she's played in at the
olympics 2010 2014 2018 2022 she's the first and only player male or female to score in four olympic
gold medal games which is just an outrageous stat uh but there's the other canadian uh congrats on
the gold let's go to you uh we now refer to her as mpp
and she should be a household name and i believe she scored seven of the last 10 goals for team
canada in those gold medal games uh she's going to go down as the goat i would say her and what
wickenheiser like you could put them neck and neck for for goat status so much so that once
the tournament was finished she got an echl offer
that was you know we're doing this echl play uh or no we did the echl player relief fund we're
doing this video series called the dungle series guys the echl is no joke and i fucking love that
and apparently she's turned it down and now i'm here and she's getting offers or talks from the
montreal canadians to maybe join them in some, and we'll get to that in a little bit.
But what these girls went over there and did,
Jeff Merrick, who follows the women's game way more closely than us,
he went out on a limb and said that this was the greatest Team Canada team
ever assembled for the women's.
So shout out to these women.
Congratulations to the girls.
They lived up
to every bit of the hype uh and i would imagine that they've been getting uh absolutely in one.com
over in beijing for the last four days so as far as presence on the pod for the olympics we reached
out to natalie spooner we're hopefully going to get her on for next podcast. That's the goal. We're hoping to also get Yipper.
And I've also sent a DM out to Leo Komarov.
Uncle Leo.
Uncle Leo.
It would be cool to do an Olympics pod next pod.
So we got lines in the water, folks.
We're going to see if you can bring in the noise
in the next week here.
Congrats also to the American women on a good run.
Missing their best player
they go out, they go down 3-0
and they claw their way back
to at least give themselves a chance to tie it
but Canada was too good
congrats to them, 5 out of the last 7
like you guys mentioned
so congrats Canada, we still have world juniors
but you guys have the women's gold again
and the ratings
come in
the game averaged 3.54 million viewers on NBC,
which is higher than any NHL game this season.
And the second most watched game in the United States in the last three
years,
the only game high was Tampa's clinch in 2021.
And yeah,
as Jeff Merrick,
he said that Montreal approached Poland,
Poland to see if she'd be interested in joining the EC,
ECHL team.
But she opted to stay in the women's game and invited them to help her promote the women's game,
which is a pretty good move.
It's like, all right, you want me to play?
Then, you know, help us out.
I'm pretty sure she would only join the ECHL when I purchase a team and own one.
Well, I'll talk to her on the side about that.
We'll have to get Poland in the mix.
Keeping with the olympics
uh the u.s men they got knocked out by slovakia i mean slovakia one of the great stories of the
this olympics they lost in a shootout slovakia tied the game very late with the pulled goalie
and the u.s i mean they basically gagged they had a five on three i don't think they got one shot
their power play killed them and you know slovakia just hung around hung around hung around and they
ended up knocking them out uh this kid on slovia, 17-year-old, I was probably going to butcher the name,
Jaroslavkovski.
He was named the MVP.
This kid's 17, 6'4", 218.
His seven goals led the Olympics.
Bobby Mack has him fifth in the draft ratings this year.
And this was the first year since 20, I'm sorry, 2006,
that the United States and Canada did not get
a medal. Of course, the Finns got the gold.
They beat the Russians 2-1 for their first
ever Olympic gold medal.
Shout out to Finland, man. You guys are great. You've always been
producing awesome hockey players. It was great to see
they came back. They were down 1-0.
They ended up getting a 2-1 lead, hung on to the end.
This guy, a long-time team leader,
Marco Antilla, he's been their
captain internationally. He was actually in quarantine for the first six days. He tested Marco Antilla. He's been their captain internationally.
He was actually in quarantine for the first six days.
He tested positive for COVID.
He couldn't get practices in.
He missed the first game.
So he was able to play for the next few games.
He's like a legendary Finnish player.
And a couple of NHL guys won gold.
Val Philpott, you just mentioned, Uncle Leo, Sammy Vatanen, Mikko Lettinen.
And what was curious, I don't know if you guys watched the game.
Russia didn't, they're down a goal.
They didn't pull their goal until like 49 seconds left seconds left I mean coaches usually do it two minutes left they didn't do it till like 49 seconds I don't know what they were thinking but
either way congrats to the Finns and also we got a shout out the Slovakian team uh general manager
Maroslav Shatan coach Craig Ramsey a couple of Buffalo Sabres back in the day they won bronze
after they beat the Swedes this is a huge olympics for
them you know i don't think a lot of people gave them a chance and i don't know if you guys saw
the clip that's uh shatan posted and kudos to him man he runs the organization runs the team and
he's posting all the stuff on social media but the kids at the practice in the early morning they
all watching on a little phone and the slovaks won and they went wild they were diving on the
ice and you know obviously we're american we're pulling for them but that a clip like that just
awesome to watch you just you know it's i don't point you to say
that's what the olympics are all about but it really was awesome to see biz along with uh some
fun clips of the celebrations in the finish room as well now i don't think either of you mentioned
the fact that and this could have been a rumor on twitter didn't the american uh the woman's goalie
didn't she tear her acl a few weeks before even the Olympics started?
And then they ended up throwing her in for the entire games.
And, oh, man, that is like tough as balls to fucking play with.
How is that even possible?
Yeah, I mean, that's probably a bad term to use, like say tough as balls.
What should I say here?
Tough as nails.
Tough as nails to play with that.
tough as nails tough as nails uh to play with that but it seemed like a couple times in the final game it like it might have like prevented her from making a save yeah go alex alex cavallini
she did tour mcl back in january and she got it out man i i understand what you're saying the
second goal was kind of a tough one but playing with a twin mcl i, how hot is that? Oh, MCL, not ACL. I think it shows a lot of courage.
The ACL, that's why I said how is that possible,
because I don't know if it would be.
But MCL still, she had to be in a lot of pain.
Hopefully they were helping her out with that.
Back to the kid from Slovakia.
You can watch all of his goals on YouTube.
They have all seven goals.
Whoa.
And you can see a giant.
He's already enormous.
Like, I'm not just talking height, wide.
He looks heavy.
Looks like almost, I don't, I haven't seen this kid play besides a few Olympic games.
But the size and speed, it looks like he could be in the NHL pretty soon.
And he's got a crazy release.
So some of the goals, and they weren't, he wasn't scoring all the goals against maybe lesser competition.
He had two against Finland. He had one against Sweden, two against the U S.
One of them was the empty net, I believe, or no,
maybe two in the bronze medal game, but he did score against the U S.
And that's a guy who I think maybe moves up in the draft.
If you had him at five, all of a sudden he could be three because it wasn't
NHLers in the tournament,
but there were some unreal hockey players that represented their country still.
And congrats to Finland.
I saw Team Mussolini tweeted or put on Instagram, and that's amazing.
That country, you know, how small it is and the amount of NHLers they produce.
Same thing with Sweden and the amount of goalies Finland can produce.
It's wild to see the development and the hockey programs that those nations have kind of built up and made this much of a powerhouse
with eight, nine million people in their country.
What did you think of the shootout?
The U.S., they didn't go to Matty Benyez at all.
David Quinn had five opportunities to use him.
The kid was outstanding in overtime.
They did not use him in a shootout.
He's got some criticism for it.
He said they thought about it and didn't go with it.
I don't know. I thought it was a bad call.
Just what he wanted when he got fucking pigeon
tossed out of New York is to go to the Olympics
and now he's getting more fucking criticism.
Yeah, I mean, I think it's hard.
A breakaway
competition isn't necessarily always
great for some of the best players. I mean, there's
guys that are unreal scorers in the NHL
that aren't great in shootouts. I think
Ovechkin's brutal at him, isn't he?
I think Beniers is too good of a DJ.
Did you see that?
Apparently he's got the greatest pregame hockey DJ set that David Quinn's ever heard.
So I think that maybe that was just too much in his mind.
He's like, this kid's too good of a DJ.
I can't have him out there.
People are acting like it's fucking Crawford not picking Gretzky.
It's like fucking pump the brakes, dude.
Just give the guy the ox cord and shut up.
Yeah, he said it's the best playlist I've heard in hockey.
I told Matty, you're a hell of a player, but you're a better DJ.
I guess there's a lot of old shit on there that they kind of let young kids
bond with the older guys on the team.
So unfortunately, they didn't get any.
Maybe he thought he was too much of an ass kisser
for throwing on all David Quinn's playlists,
so he went the other way with it,
and that's why I didn't pick him for the shootout.
How's that for a mind torpedo, R.A.?
I'm swirling over here, Biz.
That's a fire take.
One more international note before we move along to the NHL.
The World Juniors, it's going to be played in Alberta
in the middle of August, which is great news
to everybody who loves that tournament like us. The world juniors, it's going to be played in Alberta in the middle of August, which is great news to everybody who loves that tournament.
Like us,
the same age category as December tournament.
It's going to be a fresh start.
All the previous results are wiped out.
You know,
let's see all the women's under 18 worlds.
They're going to be played in June,
somewhere in the North of the USA.
So yeah,
it's good.
We're going to get the juniors.
Everybody missed it this year.
So nice note there.
Any other final Olympic notes,
there's a, what you want to add before you chug along?
No, maybe the most, I don't even know, just worst Olympics like I've ever seen.
I had no interest in anything other than the Hawks. What happened with the Russian girl doping?
So was she doping?
That was a crazy story.
I think there was three of them.
And I saw this
i saw this woman crying on like the broad i don't know if she was german katarina witt is that
right name yeah yeah yeah she yeah german there was a twitter clip of her like crying like
uncontrollably in in talking about how awful it is what they did to the 15 year old russian girl
i was confused because she did test positive,
then she was allowed to skate.
I guess her coach was yelling at her.
I mean, that was obviously some drama I really missed.
But overall, I like watching the Olympics,
but this year, something about it, it's just like I had no interest.
So, like, in defending her, so obviously,
I mean, any time a 15-year-old's on dope,
you can't really blame the 15 year old
right it's like not like she fucking was like hey we're gonna be reading this playboy on dope
gotta clarify what dope is here i think you hit dope this you guys get what i'm saying it's like
obviously it's like someone put the needle in her butt legit yeah so it's her grandfather's
medication and that's the ioc
bought that excuse that's why they let her skate of course the ioc in russia oh no shit really i
thought yeah you got doping like our buddy jerry thornton one of the oldest bloggers at boston i
should say longest tenured guys he legit covers figure skating his his wife loves it got him into
it years ago no he doesn't write him ironically he's he really covers it and yeah she got she
was allowed to come back in she blamed it on her grandfather's medication they let her back in
of course she ended up fourth but russia and the ioc man they're in bed together you know they
these guys cheat every year they've committed all these violations and they're still allowed to
compete yeah so what is the russian olympic committee ra well it's like the guys getting
russia the guys getting like a couple weeks weeks here at Putin's like lake house.
And then he can go to the ski village in Russia and stay at his 50 billion dollar mansion, you know, pay with by taxpayers money there.
That must be the tummy stick action that's going on then.
It's there in cahoots. There's no doubt about it.
I mean, Russia's if you saw the documentary Icarus on Netflix years ago, there was systemic cheating everywhere.
And go back to your question. They were the punishment or the sanctions where they can't compete with the Russian like uniforms on.
They can call themselves another name. And it's like, how's that even a sanction?
They stole out the play. And I'm glad they can, but because they didn't do anything.
But, yeah, Russia, you know, is as corrupt as anything.
The IOC is as corrupt as anything. You put them together, and this is what happened.
They got to make more fire merch and profit off of.
That was their punishment.
Yeah, yeah.
They got a different jersey.
And then next time they have an exhibition, Putin scores 17 goals
because the fucking goalie opens up his legs every time.
So then the girl who was getting tested, tested positive,
they let her skate, and then she didn't do so well,
and obviously it was just a shit show.
Yeah, yeah.
And like what's  the Olympics, they really were under the radar, man.
Even like on social media, you can get a vibe of like what everyone's watching
or into, and it just  I don't know.
It just didn't have that same bump it usually gets.
My wild card sport from the Olympics that I enjoy the most
is the cross-country skiing when they got the gun on their back,
and then they got to go on the ground, and they got to shoot the targets.
Biathlon.
Oh,
is that what it's called?
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
That's a weird,
that's a weird split.
My brother and I were kind of dogging the Olympics and he said,
well,
there was one event he watched that was like unreal.
Apparently it was a relay snowboarding race where I guess they're like,
you know,
relaying down the mountain and doing crazy jumps and stuff.
I don't even know what it's called, but that was one i probably would have enjoyed um we got to talk
about this the fact that they might be handing out four hockey medals at the olympics now they
might introduce i think that this is fucking genius three on three hockey smaller rinks
introduced three on three hockey. No fucking brainer.
You just talked about them doing a snowboarding relay race,
throwing another fucking hockey sport.
Dude, do what players like, how is it?
Is it a different pool of players?
That's what makes it amazing.
It's like, who the fuck knows?
Maybe there's these three guys who play three on three hockey,
like these ball hockey guys who could beat the pros.
Street.
They get street hockey, get to get a gold could beat the pros street they get street hockey
get to get a gold medal for the nose nose face killer street hockey should have olympic that
should be yeah it would be an unreal sport for the olympics i mean like madden can coach the team
but do you agree that three on three has to be in olympics for ice hockey would you put it in the
winter or summer olympics because there's been talks about both no you got to keep the three on three in the winter and then you do the i think you could do
both ball hockeys you could do five on five and then do deck hockey three on three people are
saying people are probably at home being like ball hockey the olympics is just turning to where the
attention is going to like i think they talked about taking like wrestling out of it where it's like well that's the most one of the most traditional olympic sports but maybe not
enough people hey i might be dead wrong on on what events they're taking out of the olympics but
they're taking out traditional olympic sports where if you're a traditionalist you'd probably
you're probably going nuts well if you're going to take those out take put in sports that are as wacky as you think but but if people are watching them do them bubble hockey me and biz for the gold medal
one nut and shout out i play a defensive style that would be all fuck out someone wiping the
sweat off your forehead the whole i mean guys they're playing ping pong yeah ping pong's kind
of silly they got handball in there.
I think you can put ball hockey in there.
Badminton?
Come on.
Handball's legit.
What did you say?
Badminton?
Badminton.
It's like ping pong in the air.
You know what badminton is, Biz?
I think it's called badminton.
Badminton is nothing like ping pong, I wouldn't say.
No, I think it's called badminton.
That's how you would say it if you said it fanatically the way it's spelled,
but it's badminton.
Now I can't say it.
How do you think it's  what is biz's?
Badminton.
Badminton.
Badminton.
No, no, you got me saying it wrong.
Badminton.
Either way, biz, do you know what the thing that they hit back and forth
is called in badminton?
A birdie.
Shuttlecock.
Boom.
The whip dog with the fucking big answer.
It's called a shuttlecock.
Shuttlecock.
It's called a shuttlecock.
Oh, I thought it was called a birdie.
It's bigger than my cock.
I thought it was too, Biz.
Yeah.
Yeah.
I was just, so it's badminton?
Badminton, and it's a shuttlecock
all right all right we can move on yeah we can uh so shout out to again once again the fins on
the gold medal the canadian women on the gold medal and the slovaks for a very impressive
showing at the olympics they deserve a shout out for what they did this year so and also to denmark
gotta throw them in there their first time in the olympics they they had a very impressive
performance so love to see the international teams getting much better out there.
Another team that played Wednesday, they weren't on TNT, the Calgary flames.
They spanked the scuffling ducks that night, Calgary on an absolute tear.
They continue to rip the league up. They've won nine straight.
It's the third longest streak in franchise history.
They just passed Vegas first in the Pacific with 64 points,
four more points than Vegas with two games in hand.
During the streak, they've outscored the opposition 39-14.
Penalty killing is at a 95.9, I'm sorry, 95.5 clip save percentage, 9-4-1.
They scored at least four goals in seven straight games before Saturday night.
And, of course, they added Tyler Toffoli.
He scored in his debut off a sick Johnny Hammond cheese pass.
Then Lindholm, that goal, he self-passed off the boards. This team is just firing on all cylinders right now. tyler toffoli scored in his debut off a sick johnny hammond cheese pass uh then lindholm that
goal he self-passed off the boards this team's just firing on all cylinders right now there's
your other flames guy listen i don't want to spend too much time on them because like my wrists are
sore because i've been stroking these guys off pretty much every podcast for the last two months
i'll just use this quick time to compliment two guys uh lindholm and what he's done since he's been with the flames like
I don't know if I said a couple podcasts ago where I wasn't maybe concerned with them having
a number one center if I said that I think I got a couple two he is a number one center
he is the guy right now and then the other guy I want to focus on is tree living again where
he got put in a difficult situation with that adam fox uh not wanting to come there
and wanting to play in new york he did not botch that he fucking figured out a way to get a a pretty
much i would say an equal a close to equal return because they got hannifin as well too who's been
playing great for them as well so the moves he's made the and if you're a Calgary Flames fan, has he assembled some teams that haven't gotten the job done?
But he has taken the proactive approach in every situation
by addressing the areas that needed to be addressed,
and even furthermore by getting ahead of things with that Toffoli move.
So all the praise goes to Brad Treliving.
And I'm not just calling him a genius.
Cause he's also the one guy who gave me two one-way contracts and help
negotiate those that has no bearing on this decision of me deciding to
stroke him off in this pod.
So all you Calgary flames fans,
and you guys who are going to be on the red mile,
marching down to the saddle dome when they're fucking beating the wheels
off with oilers,
maybe a little social media love for tree living
because he made it taking a few lashings throughout his tenure there not 10 years tenure it's been
pretty impressive what carolina has been able to accomplish i know we're talking about calgary but
they traded away elias lindholm they trade away noah hannifin they got dougie hamilton and michael
furlan neither one of them are there and then they got fox in that deal I don't know if at the time they thought they could maybe convince Fox to sign
with them and Calgary already knew it wouldn't work,
but Carolina loses two legit players because Hannafin's had a hell of a
season.
He's playing on that top pairing there and,
and Carolina lost two sick players.
They're still buzzing along,
but Lindholm has been so good for the flames.
I just keep going back to Markstrom.
You look at how he's played.
And I said it before.
They could win Stanley Cup.
If things go right and Markstrom stays like this,
I don't want to think about it happening.
But I'm done pumping their tires.
Same way I'm done talking about the Leafs until the playoffs.
I'm done talking about the Flames.
No, we don't have to talk about them as a team.
We just need to talk about Morgan Rileygan riley going full bob yore
and then uh bunting you might be getting your fucking dick pierce because this guy's not
stopping and now even in games where he's not producing any type of offense he's mixing it up
out there getting into it with krug so i don't think you give me i give you you give me 500
bucks if he doesn't win rookie of the year and i'll give you five bucks if he doesn't win Rookie of the Year, and I'll give you five grand if he does.
Wow, that's thousands of dollars.
I would say, given the age situation, I would give you 200
and for four grand coming back.
Deal.
Done.
I'll sign that one.
Do you think that's good odds, R.A.?
I mean, I would have taken the first deal he offered.
You just talk yourself out of some potential dough.
But, I mean.
No, he said you were going to give me five grand back for 400, right?
I said five.
You'd give me 500.
I'd give you five grand.
So, you basically minus the thousand you could win, but also minus 300 you could lose. Yeah. That's a better odds,000. So you're basically minus the 1,000 you could win, but also minus 300 you could lose.
Yeah, that's a better odds, R.A.
I thought Whit said 5.
He was so confident in what he was saying.
No, no, no.
I just got 200 that I can spend at Disney tomorrow on a Mickey ear hat.
On a half a cup of Dippin' Dots.
On XXXL Mickey is.
Yeah.
One other note, too.
Saturday's game was the return of Mark Giordano.
The crowd gave their former captain thunderous applause.
Good to see you.
Always see when the fans appreciate.
He was a huge part of that team for so long.
And, you know, he's in Seattle now.
And there's speculation he might get traded from there.
So, what do you got, Ben?
Well, we can't just brush past the leafs because
we have to talk about the genius move by dubas too so are we going to get to that later no yeah
we i was going to bring on gagne shortly but yeah we'll jump into the leafs uh first we do want to
mention they traded nick ritchie in a conditional pick to uh business yotes uh for forward ryan
dezingo and defenseman uh ilia uh how you say it the r Russian bear. The Yotes will get either Toronto's third pick in 23 or second in 2025.
Also, dude, we got to talk about Austin Matthews, man.
Spitting chiclets, dude.
Tough visual for the kid.
He looked like he just kind of skidded.
I think that fucking net should be never seen in an NHL rink again.
I think they need to throw it off the fucking the QEW right into
what's the lake there
in Ontario? Is it Lake Ontario?
What's the lake in Ontario?
Is it Lake Ontario? There's a lot there.
There's Lake Erie. There's Lake this. There's a lot
of lakes, buddy. Did you see the clip of
Mitch Mata punching the
net the next day? He went
over to the net and pretended he was beaten up because
it knocked out Matthews' team.
I took from that clip that you can be the biggest stud in the world,
one of the top three or five best at what you do on the planet.
You could be a media darling.
You could be everything Austin Matthews is
and still produce one of the all-time bloopers I've ever seen.
He skated directly into the crossbartime bloopers I've ever seen. He straighted.
He skated directly into the crossbar.
No.
I don't even understand.
It's not funny because his jibs went fine.
That sucks.
All the dental work that's coming with it, I know how he feels. You don't think Bieber's got a fucking teeth guy?
A player that good, a player that good skating face versus a crossbar
was one of the most shocking developments of the season.
The net moved, Witt.
You fucking idiot.
The net moved on him.
Guys, he actually had a hilarious soundbite from his media session today.
So I'll actually just, I'll play that right now.
Do you have any idea how it happened?
I mean, if it's awkward, are you still locked in on Sid there?
Yeah, I know.
I saw the crossbar and I just decided, you know, I think it'd be a great idea if I just
put my face right through it and see what happens.
So, yeah, great question.
Hey, if you can't at least dog your boy for that
one, I mean, I'm a guy, you're
talking to a guy who skated full speed.
I'm talking!
You're talking to a guy who skated full speed
and knocked his goalie over on the
power play and the other team scored.
I know what a blooper is, and the best
player in the fucking world skating mouth
first into the crossbar
is comedy.
Stop blaming the net and call out your boy.
I'm going to call him out for going back two years ago,
leading the league in even strength goals.
Last year, once again, leading the league in even strength goals.
And who's leading the league again in even strength goals?
Whit?
Austin Matthews.
Awesome. There's, there's,
I keep saying he's the greatest Maple Leaf of all time and people are losing
their minds on social media. He,
tell me who is a Maple Leaf has accomplished what he's accomplished
individually in the amount of time to start their career as a Maple Leaf than
he has. What right do I have to tell anybody that he's not going to continue doing what he's doing
because he's fucking outperformed himself year over year since he's been there.
So fuck off to all the haters.
And as far as the trade, as far as the trade, let's go back to the trade.
Great move by Dubas.
Obviously, they weren't crazy about the two-year contract to Nick Ritchie.
I was unaware, actually, in the midst of the trade,
that they gave him two years, and I think he was making, what, two and a half?
I thought it was 2.3, but maybe I'm wrong.
2.3.
So they got the same amount of contract coming back.
They get rid of the extra year, and what do they address?
Labushkin is exactly as advertised.
He's a great, great number six, maybe seven,
in and out of the lineup type guy on a Stanley Cup winning team.
He's incredible in the defensive zone.
He closes on forwards very fast, separates the man from the puck,
and if you have a good centerman there to come by and scoop it,
you're out of the zone.
Over the course of his career, since he's came over from the khl his puck
handling and puck skills have gotten a lot better where he's not making the fuck ups maybe that he
was early on he knows exactly what his role is he can play with probably i would assume maybe one of
those skilled little defensemen that they got as far as their depth guy they just needed somebody
different that could play with that type of player
where he's a lot more reliable and he's not going to be botching the D to Ds
and he's going to be able to go D to D and maybe not give a fucking brick or,
or, or, or a grenade like maybe wit would do.
So I really liked the, the, the,
what Dubas did and the fact that maybe the signing was a mistake,
but they go out and then not only do they address that number six, seven guy,
but they get the single who's a bit of a wild card.
We know what he did in Ottawa.
Wait, I don't know if you've heard anything.
This might be a rumor.
I heard he was offered a five times five in Ottawa
and turned it down
because he was having such a great season.
And that's when he ended up going over
in the trade to Columbus. And I don't know how things worked out there, but then he ended up going over in the trade um to to Columbus
and I don't know how things worked out there but then he ended up being a bit of a journeyman ever
since he signed the deal in Carolina but type of guy when maybe put with the top six can all of a
sudden pop off and maybe what they were expecting to happen with Richie well it happened with
bunting they got one of the one of the two guys they signed for that spot to have a good season well maybe this is the other guy they can get to fill in or he just maybe becomes another
guy who ends up being put on waivers who the fuck knows but a great deal nonetheless and what i
think is probably the third best gm in the nhl right now besides tree leg of that of course um
bill armstrong for the coyotes actually he was waived today, Biz.
I'm not sure if anyone picked him up.
There you go.
They're just doing it for salary cap reasons,
but just want to fill you in.
And yeah, Nick Ritchie had signed a two-year, 5 million deal,
which Bruins fans kind of like raised their eyebrows out
when the Leafs did that after, you know, we saw him here.
They had him playing with Matthews and Marner in camp.
Who?
Ritchie. Well, remember i said i said they're obviously hoping for a a bargain player to end up having an impactful
season i said it from day one i said i love bunting's instincts i love his um his grittiness
uh he gets it done in the other areas. His anticipation makes up maybe for his lack of speed.
And look at the year he's had.
So just like Dubas, I hit on one of two, too.
Correct.
Correct.
Boy, actually, going back to Austin,
what's the worst way to lose teeth in the NHL, would you guys say?
Skating face first into the crossbar.
Ooh.
I mean, it's time.
What's the worst way to lose teeth? I't know i mean is the one i mean losing teeth sucks but is the one way more painful than the other like you know getting
punched that question was more painful than any two tooth i've been knocked out in my life all right
jay jay i mean actually maybe it's a slap shot right to the face. That's what I got. There you go. Thank you, Whit.
But in terms of pain with the bloopers.
Actually, all right, I'll take it back.
Getting a chara clapper right to the face would be the worst way to lose the T.
So I'll take the L.
There's an old clip of JR.
I think it was like 93 season.
He went face first into the, it was in Montreal,
face first into the crossbar.
I think he knocked all his top
choppers out. It's probably online somewhere.
Just one of the worst fucking things I've seen.
It's brutal, dude. I think he lost like six
or seven teeth. Let's see.
Toronto, I know they've been
doing good this year, Biz, but they got a huge L
when they dropped this heritage
classic jersey apparently
designed by plain jane just i don't know they didn't everybody's talking about it yeah because
it stinks i know but it's much like my nashville theory where it's like if you're gonna do a one
off just i mean i will say the jersey looks like the fucking person went out and got crippled off
pink whitney night before and and maybe didn't do their homework and then had to show up.
And then they just put that together.
They throw the T on it and the rest of the thing is blue.
And what's it say arena behind it.
That's correct.
Yeah.
It's just,
I don't know.
I don't know what it is.
Maybe it's because I had a big old T on my chest for Thayer Academy.
Now,
granted we were black and orange.
I do not hate the jersey.
I think Matthews will look great buzzing around in that jersey.
I would also like to see the socks.
If the socks are just straight navy blue as well with no white line in them,
then I'll really have an issue with the entire, you know, uniform.
The Buffalo ones was pretty sharp, though.
I mean, Buffalo, as much as we picked
on them the last few uniforms they've come out with were pretty god damn i love the ivory white
the ivory white just like the st louis jersey i think it gives it a nice pop i don't think you
can really fuck up that jersey that they uh they had for the heritage classic so i will say they did play it safe but nonetheless a beautiful jersey to own
right whit yeah i i think though that i almost said don't they already kind of wear that jersey
like it would be similar to what some of their jerseys look like i like it but it wasn't that
different in terms of like how much different toronto and nashville's are from their regular
games gee can we announce that we're going to be in Nashville?
Yes, I actually said it at the beginning of the pod,
but we will be in Nashville Saturday for the stadium series,
3.30 p.m. Come by Jason Aldean's.
We're doing a little Pink Whitney meet and greet.
Come by, meet the boys.
I think that the busing with the boys is going to be there.
I'm going to try to go on the bus on Friday forin' with the Boys is going to be there. Yep.
I'm going to try to go on the bus on Friday for an interview with the
fellows, depending on my flight.
But I can't wait to see that game.
I mean, that's going to be a pretty sick setup.
Nashville's an awesome town.
And, you know, two good teams going head-to-head.
Yeah.
Yeah, I can't wait.
We're going to be in studio for TNT, so I will not be there.
So I think Eric Young, the WWE wrestler,
is also going to show up to the Pink Whitney party at Jason Aldean's at 3.30.
So any fans looking to have a few cocktails before the game,
head over there, meet Witt.
The Bustin' with the Boys guys are probably going to pop by.
I just mentioned Eric Young and hopefully another couple of people
maybe under the Barstool umbrella.
R.A.?
Oh, you're going R.A.?
Yeah.
I must have missed that.
Okay.
I would never turn down a Nashville trip.
Absolutely want to get down there.
Yeah.
Got to go see my boy Coop, hang out with Coop down in town.
But, boys, I think it's time we bring on Sam Gagne.
We've been having a nice little chat here,
but we do get to do our interviews here and this interview is brought to you by dodge
donuts not the homer simpson kind the kind of donuts you could rip in a dodge hellcat
and dodge wants you to be their new chief donut maker dodge is going to select the winner to go
to the radford racing school to learn how to rip a proper donut as well as a bunch of other tricks
the chief donut maker will get 150 000 for one year of epic adventures in a new Dodge Hellcat
and be the ultimate Dodge ambassador. Anybody can apply and you don't even have to quit your job.
You think you're the next Chief Donut Maker? Just go to DodgeGarage.com, sign up, and tell us why
you'd be great as the new Chief Donut Maker. Submissions end on February 28th. And once again, that's Dodge Garage dot com. And now enjoy Sam
Gagne. It's time to welcome our next guest to the show. Drafted by Edmonton, sixth overall in the
2007 draft, he spent his first seven seasons as an OILA. After a few pit stops around the league,
he ended up in Detroit,
where he's currently in his third season as a Red Wing,
and his 15th as an NHL player already.
Guess that's what happened.
You make the league as a teenager.
Thanks so much for joining us on the Spit and Chicklets podcast.
Sam Gagne, how's it going, pal?
It's great.
Thanks for having me.
I'm looking forward to catching up with Biz and Whit here,
so it'll be good
did you play with Biz too? We know you play with Witt
I play with Witt
I never play with Biz but
a lot of mutual friends
kind of cross paths at different times
whether it be you know Olympic breaks
or all-star breaks or whatever
through our friends but yeah
it's you know we
go back so it's going you know we we we go back so
it's uh it's gonna be fun to catch up i think this is our first time having a current red wing
on the podcast as well we've had uh lidstrom who else have we had darren mccarty uh chris chelios
but you're the first current guy and uh now we get to grill you about this new wave of a player
coming in and you guys have had a great season so far yeah it's been
good i mean um you know i think i don't know what expectations were for us going into the year but
i feel like we're building um you know we got a great group of young guys are
awesome awesome kids and um great players so it's been a lot of fun
gags this this cider cedar I never can say his name correctly.
Either way, Moritz, he's a stallion.
I mean, it's like every game he's getting better.
He's making these moves.
He's just dynamic and he's enormous.
So it must be pretty cool being your age now,
being like, I think we're seeing a future superstar here.
Yeah, I mean, the way he plays, I mean, he great hockey IQ he's he's one of those guys who
isn't afraid of the moment ever I think you know if you saw a clip earlier in the year
after a whistle he just kind of takes the puck from headman and and it's just toying with them
and it's it's situations like that that he's just not scared of the moment which is which is awesome
um you know I'd imagine in playoff, he's going to be an absolute beast.
And it's been fun playing with him.
Did you pull him aside after that one and say, hey, maybe not Hedman?
Maybe some other plugs in the league, but not Hedman.
Maybe pump the brakes.
No, he's one of those guys, like you said, he's a stallion.
And you don't want to rein him in, just let him do his thing.
So it's been fun to watch.
And to hop in here quick, right off the hop of the season,
I felt like there was a different attitude where I kept calling you guys the
goon squad, but not afraid to mix it up.
As far as the physical play Larkin,
maybe not a guy in his past who's been typically a guy to drop the mitts,
but he's been very active so far this year as well.
Well, Larkson's grown into a great leader for us.
Obviously, he's a young captain, and there's a lot on his shoulders.
Having grown up a Red Wing fan and being the captain of the Red Wings
is a tough job to handle as a young kid, but he's handled it really well,
and he kind of sets a tone for us and it's yeah. Like you said,
we've kind of had that mentality and the first like kind of week of the season,
it felt like we were brawling every night and it was just it was like, you know,
what's going on here, but we kind of want to have that, you know,
mentality where we're not going to be pushed around.
We're going to fight for each other and, you know, it well so far you know we've had growing pains uh like any young team
does but um uh yeah it's been it's been fun to be a part of another rookie everyone's been talking
about lucas raymond if you could compare any players from say the last 20-25 years between
cider and raymond what players would you compare them to yeah that's it that's a tough one um i i don't really get into the comparing game
too much um i i think you know yeah yeah sorry uh but yeah no i think um you know mo is he's got
that kind of um that that physical presence that um you know for a skilled defenseman
there's not many guys like him anymore you know um you know he can he can be a lot of different
ways i mean he's running our our power play and um you know guys guys try and run him and he
reverse shoulders him and he he's got so many elements that it's tough to compare him um
raymond i i would say he controls the game like a Mitch Marner would.
You know, everything kind of goes through him.
The puck's on his stick all the time.
He makes a ton of great plays.
He's got amazing hockey IQ, and he's just, you know, he's one of those guys.
He just keeps getting better as the year goes on. It's been,
it's been awesome. I mean, both, both those kids, they're,
they're great kids too. They want to get better. So it's,
it's been a lot of fun.
Are they humble kids or they carry a lot of swagger with them?
Like some of the other young guys are on the league.
They carry swagger, but yeah, I mean, I think it's kind of, you know,
one of my jobs as a kind of a veteran guy and and uh
you know mark stall and i we talk about this all the time that's our job to kind of keep them uh
under wraps but it's it's not um it's not too hard they're they're great kids they they work
so hard they're always the last guys on the ice and um so respectful so it's uh you know you don't
want yeah i i hear that all the time about the game
changing but these kids are coming in the league they're so skilled and they're so good you don't
want to stifle that in any way you just want to let them grow and um you know we're seeing it
firsthand here just as the game's changing with some of the trevor's egress stuff and and obviously
everything's a little bit more fancy you came in with tons of skill I mean you shoot out master you're almost gonna be getting to the end of your career as as
as it should be it should have been for you at the beginning with all this trickster shit
yeah I don't know I mean um I still feel like um you know I I like to try and pull it out every
so often my role has changed a little bit so So, you know, you got to keep it a little simpler.
But yeah, I mean, I think it's great for the game.
You know, anytime you see, you know,
the creative, innovative things that are happening,
it's only good for our league
and it's just going to continue to get better.
Were you lighting it up in minor hockey?
Because I know you played with John Tavares and you guys had some pretty
elite teams in that. Was it the DTHL?
Yeah. Yeah. We had a pretty good squad.
I think we had five, five guys playing NHL games, you know,
four guys dropped in the first round, you know,
so it was first round of the NHL, which is kind of unheard of, you know, four guys drafted in the first round. So it was first round of the NHL, which is kind of unheard of, you know,
for a minor hockey team.
I think pretty much our entire team got drafted to the Ontario Hockey League.
So we were a tough out.
We were tough to beat.
But we had a lot of fun.
We unfortunately, our PUE year got stepped over, unfortunately.
I heard you won that a time or two. Yeah.
Yeah. But you didn't,
you didn't buy the hockey program after you ended up graduating on from that
because him and Johnny T you guys ended up, that's actually legendary.
I don't, were they in financial trouble or like,
was it just a good opportunity for you guys to step up and help?
It's nothing like that. It's not, it. It's not even considered a sale, really.
They're just kind of transitioning board seats over to us.
Jim Nicoletti and Lynn Dennis, they had been running the organization for 30 years.
And, you know, we had gone through and they just got to the point where, you know, they
were ready to move on.
And, you know, with where I'm at in my career and where John's at and, you know, we just felt like the timing was right.
It's a great opportunity for us to get back to an organization that's meant so much to us.
And, you know, just looking forward to seeing, you know, how we can help out going forward.
You know, just looking forward to seeing, you know,
how we can help out going forward.
Well, that team, I mean, you just mentioned Tavares.
Who else was on there?
Because I remember you go through these rosters with me and Cogliano would be involved in this as well.
And it's just like the GTHL.
I mean, if you're saying those guys ran that organization for 30 years,
I can't imagine how many people they saw go on to play in the show.
It's crazy.
Well, absolutely.
I mean, we were going through the alumni the other day um you know starts with Jason Spezza Rick Nash and goes through to you know more recently you got Connor McDavid and there's just a bunch of
you know high-end talented kids that have come through and you know on our team we had Brendan
Smith, Hakeem Alou, Cody Goloboff,
um, all played in the NHL. So, um, and then obviously Johnny and myself. So,
and then we had a bunch of guys who had, you know, great OHL careers or NCAA careers. So it was,
um, it was a pretty special team. Um, obviously I had a lot of fun, um, you know, going to
tournaments and things like that. And, you know, pretty much knowing you're going to win. It's a,
it's a pretty good feeling as a kid and you know,
I have a ton of stories from, from growing up with those guys. And it's,
it was a lot of fun.
So Spez is a little older than you had,
they already developed like within the program,
like all this skill development,
or was that something that you guys were outsourcing at the time?
Yeah. So obviously our,
our team was really fortunate in the, in the sense that you know, my,
my old man was, was part of the coaching staff and you know,
he had played 15 years in the national hockey league and yeah.
Yeah. And he had a big focus on that, right.
You know, every one of our practices,
it had nothing to do with systems
or you know anything of that nature was all about skill development making us better players
and you know the winning kind of stemmed because of that and um you know that's kind of something
that you know we want to make sure that continues to happen within the Marlboros as as you know we
kind of take over um you know, I think, you know,
a lot of times in minor hockey, you get caught up in, in, in winning.
And that's not the be all and end all at that age. It's,
it's about developing good players and people. And you know,
we're, we're excited about that.
He's going to be joining the rink shrink podcast on his career with all these
fucking hockey.
No, he's going to be fucking hockey no he's gonna be laying
he's laying down on a couch and talking to yandere mods and let me add you we're talking
toronto here this isn't greater boston will you get like tweets and stuff from people complaining
already because you're part owner i i haven't got anything yet um we actually so we we asked our
our minor hockey coach james nailer to be our
our president and to kind of handle all that for us and um he's kind of shielded us from it thus
far um you know obviously we're playing and and we got a lot going on right now so you know he'll
call us with big things um but for the most part he he handles it and deflects it and i mean parents
are they're you know they want the best for their kids.
And there's going to be things that happen that you just kind of scratch your head.
I mean, I remember one of my first tournaments playing for the Marlboros, a parent in like the 10th row threw a garbage can on the ice because he was upset with an offside call.
And I was just like, I'm coming from Florida.
And I'm like, this doesn't this doesn't happen there right so it's it's just a different animal and there's different things you're gonna have to deal with but it's it's part of it you're
gonna get pranked but it's not gonna be one of your teammates that's actually gonna be a parent
of a 14 and under team because you only get you got two shifts in the third so we're gonna we're gonna
give him a leaner in his hotel room in buffalo yeah it's so true i mean there's gonna be things
like that that happen no question i was gonna ask you what led you to the ushl because you
ended up playing in a a junior program that went off to the uca uh uchl did were you planning on
going to college yeah yeah so um you know I I committed to University of Wisconsin
um as a 15 year old and so the plan was the the two-year gap to go to the USHL um I went to Sioux
City for one year and um I remember um Mark Hunter uh who had drafted me in the OHL, he came like five, six different times. And we had
breakfast at Perkins in Sioux City, Iowa. And I got to the point where I'm like, if this guy's
going to keep coming down to Iowa to try and get me to come to his team, like, you know, how do I
say no to that? And you, and you look at, you know, the opportunity in London and the, you know,
and you look at, you know, the opportunity in London and the, you know,
pro environment and all those different things. And, you know, I, I just kind of, I felt like the timing was right. And you know,
things have worked out obviously. So yeah.
Is either sign a restraining order or with the London Knights, I guess.
Right. So yeah.
Yeah, exactly. Yeah.
That's a little bit aggressive. Had he, had he been scouting you a ton of time beforehand? Is that why?
Yeah, so I mean, the the year before when I played for the Marlies, you know, he'd been he'd been scouting me a ton. And then at Christmas, the year I was playing for Sioux City, I went and played for the under 17s uh Ontario and I had a great
tournament um and that's kind of when the process kind of picked up even more I I went to the
Memorial Cup when they when they had hosted it and won and they were trying to get me to come then
and I don't know how I turned it down honestly um when you look at know, the 10,000 fans in the arena and it was just, you know, I got a chance.
I was 15 years old and I wasn't able to go out on Richmond Road yet, but I saw what was happening.
And I'm like, how do I turn that down? I did.
But I ended up coming a year later and obviously a great decision, you know, worked out.
So a lot of fun we just mentioned
taves you also play with patrick kane up there and sergey kastits and you guys put up almost 400
points collectively in about 60 games it was like just toying with the opposition up 43 minutes a
game i um yeah honestly so i remember we had a uh we were playing against plymouth in the playoffs
um and they were they had you know the real deal james ne Plymouth in the playoffs and they were, they
had, you know, the real deal, James Neal and Jared bowl.
And, and they just used to run around like animals.
And I think Neal took a five minute major on Kaner and just killed them.
And we were out there for probably four minutes and 20 seconds.
And we came to change and Dale told us to stay.
And so it was just one of those situations.
Like when we were on the power play, we were staying,
no matter how long the power play was, we stayed out the whole time.
So it helps you get a few points if you're playing five-minute power plays.
But, yeah, it was a lot of fun.
No question about that.
Any full Russian modes from Kostitsyn?
Sometimes those boys get out of control.
I mean, I don't know if you keep up with the KHL tabloids,
but those guys like to have a good time, man.
Yeah, no, he was, he, he, he had a good time. I mean, I think he was,
he was 19 years old at the time and he had his own apartment,
which was kind of unheard of. And as an OHL or you normally had to,
you know, bill it. So yeah, he was he, he was awesome to play with. Honestly, he, he, in the OHL,
he was a wrecking ball and he scored, he played on the penalty kill.
You know, I mean, I don't, I think when you look at the talent he had,
you know, you expected him to have a great NHL career and you know, he,
he went on to, you know, play games and but yeah career and um you know he he wanted to you know play games and um but yeah I
mean um you know playing with him and Kaner at the junior level was um you know obviously a lot of
fun yeah what's what's Kaner like at that point I mean is he worse than Kostitsyn
I didn't even mean off ice I didn't even mean off ice I I didn't even mean off ice. I'm just more thinking of him dangling around in practice,
laughing at everyone.
No, he was great.
He made that league look easy.
We were, I think we were tied in points heading to the world juniors.
And then he came back.
He had a great world juniors and he just kind of took off.
You know, once he had figured out the league, it became, you know,
he was getting two, three points every night. And yeah, it was,
you know, there, there were so many questions at that point.
I think when he came into the league,
it was like he was ranked in like the fourth round or something like that.
And to look back on now, it's silly.
He ends up going first overall and plays the next year and is winning cups and cons mites, you know, right after that.
So he's, you know, a special talent.
You mentioned your coach, Dale Hunter.
Were you familiar?
You must have been familiar with his reputation as a top player.
Did that kind of make him scary as a coach in any way?
He was really good to us.
You know, I'm sure that there's, you know,
some of our fourth line guys probably felt the heat a little more than we did.
He just kind of let us play and tried to teach us to be pros.
I thought he did a great job with us.
When I made it to the NHL in Edmonton, I of, uh, the different things that I went through in, um, in London. Um, but certainly you hear all the stories of, of what he was like as a player.
And, you know, you watch some of the clips, um, you know, you see the hit on Turgeon and
different things like that. I mean, and, and the cool part was my dad was, um, an assistant coach
for the team as well. So he got all the, you know, the stories.
Dale would, you know, they'd sit in the room and tell stories.
So he would come home and tell me some of the stories.
And it was just, you know, have me on the floor laughing.
He was, yeah, a lot of funny ones for sure.
He didn't know Terjean scored though.
So I don't know.
No, no, no.
It was, it was, I think.
15,000 in the crowd going nuts, but he didn't know.
He didn't hear the whistle i heard oh yeah yeah take the earmuffs off um i was gonna ask you about your dad you've mentioned him twice now so when you were playing in minor hockey he's your coach
dan on these car ride homes would you guys just go back and forth about your game what he saw what
you saw and did i help big time in your development?
Absolutely. You know, I don't think there's any chance that I'm the player I am today without my old man. You know, just the things that he taught me and, you know, his example as well. I mean,
he's a really intense guy. And, you know, he brought that as a coach. And, you know, I think if you look back on, you know,
if you ask anyone from our minor hockey team, their experience,
he demanded a lot of us as kids.
But once you got to the pro level, it almost felt like, you know,
it was, you know, we had gotten that since we were 10 years old.
So, you know, I owe everything to him. Um, you know, the,
the amount that he's taught me and, um, you know, my, my parents have,
you know, like, like, like all you guys know, I mean, um,
you don't do it without your parents and the sacrifices they make, uh,
are incredible. So, um, you know, I, I owe it all to them for sure.
I mentioned you made the team right out of camp as an 18-year-old kid.
What were your expectations going into camp?
Were you surprised they kept you?
Definitely.
I didn't expect to make the team.
I came  we had the Canada-Russia Super Series, kind of a
I think it was  I can't remember the anniversary.
It was  but I had a really good tournament,
and it kind of led right into training
camp and I came in game ready. You know, I had my timing down and ready to play. And, and then
we had a couple of right-wingers go down early in camp and it just kind of opened up a position
for me. And I had a great start and, you know, with where Edmonton was at as an organization and you know they're trying
to get younger and um it was an opportunity for me to step in and we had kind of more of a veteran
team at that time too so um and I think I was the only 18 year old in the league at the time so um
a bit of a culture shock coming from junior but um you know i think once again having my dad to kind
of bounce things off of and the different experiences that he had gone through um really
helped me who sort of helped you along like what veterans maybe like took you under the wing kind
of showed you the ropes because that that is young 18 years old you're still a kid yeah absolutely i
mean um ethan mororrow, he was actually,
he was our captain at the time.
He actually had a house that me, Andrew Cogliano and Tom Gilbert lived in.
So, you know, and it was free of charge. And as an 18 year old, that was,
that was amazing. And him and his family kind of, you know,
made sure everything was okay. Sean Horkoff is another guy, Steve Staios.
I mean, there's so many guys there that were kind of instrumental
in helping us kind of grow in the league.
I mean, it's funny looking at it now.
Hork is part of our front office here in Detroit,
so it's kind of come full circle for me.
But, yeah, I mean, I had a lot of fun my first few years in the league,
and coming in with those guys that had been around a long time
was really helpful for me.
Hey, thinking back, I mean, Tom Gilbert, when he was playing,
he was a hell of a player.
And also, like, just a funny guy, his sense of humor.
Have you stayed in touch with him?
Because he played a long time.
I think he was just recently still playing in Europe.
Yeah, I think he finished in Germany. He's, you know, we've kind of lost touch a long time. I think he was just recently still playing in Europe. Yeah, I think he finished in Germany.
He's, you know, we've kind of lost touch a little bit, you know,
which is kind of, you know, it's unfortunate.
We were so tight living together for a few years.
It's just, it's the nature of it.
I mean, you know, I'm married three kids now.
He's got a family as well.
But yeah, I mean, he was awesome.
He was a great player, especially when he first broke into the league.
He's one of those guys, he'd go back and get pasted into the end wall
and just make a little play to the middle and you're out of the zone.
And it just made it so easy to play with.
And then, you know, Cogs and I are still really tight.
You know, we talk all the time.
I just, you know, went for dinner with him in San Jose and we played there.
So, yeah, it's a lot of fun thinking back on those days.
With one of the guys that he played with his rookie year was Dwayne Rolson.
And we've heard some funny, funny stories about this guy.
Anything that you'd be willing to share about his antics off the ice and his
NBA draft suits?
Oh man. That's a good one. I, I, I was actually,
I was telling one the other day we um, we were at a, uh, a team event.
And, uh, we had these guys, um,
that were golfing behind us and they kind of,
kind of kept hitting into them. And it was, I don't know if,
if you remember this one, but it was, um, Darrell Cates had,
had put it on. So all his friends were there.
So it's like big wigs in
Edmonton or whatever and these guys kept hitting into him and it was making him angry so he's like
okay I gotta do something and we had this big gal after and and Rolly says I'm gonna I'm gonna do
something we're like hey just relax but he was fired up because you know and so he goes up to
this guy and uh he's got a full pint glass of beer and douses the guy
and he's like soaked and we're like oh my god and he took over and he's still got a little left in
the glass gets him again so it creates a whole melee and we get it broken up or whatever and
we get we get rolling in the bus and he's like you know upset about what had
just happened we're like yeah no like um but like you know why'd you have to do that he goes yeah
i just kind of snapped but he goes the worst part is i don't think i got the right guy
oh no oh no but uh yeah it was a good one it was a good one. It was a good one.
But he would get he would get hot, too. Right. When he'd be playing good.
He was like, you couldn't beat him. It was unbelievable.
We had we had nights where, you know, he'd make 50 saves.
And I mean, you look back in the in the cup run a couple years prior to me getting there and
I mean you know that doesn't happen without you know what he was able to do I think he was
it was it was fun for me too because my dad actually had played with him in Calgary
and so you know he kind of took me under his wing a little bit. And
yeah, it was it was fun. I mean, you know, having the opportunity to do things like that. I mean,
you know, my old man had played with Roley. He played with Jason Strudwick. He played with
Stevie Stales. And then I'm playing with these guys. It's just a really cool experience to be
able to go through stuff like that. You said your old man had a pretty intense demeanor.
Was he like that as a player?
And you seem like you're pretty calm.
Or is that just how you collect yourself on the outside
where maybe deep down you're a little bit more intense than people think?
Yeah, no, he was like that as a player.
I have the ability to snap.
I think that I'm away from the rink.
I'm way more like my mom. I don't really get upset about anything.
But at the rink, I do. I, you know,
I have that fiery side that my dad's kind of instilled in me. Like it's,
you know, so, I mean, I,
I remember him telling me stories as a player about, you know,
him being hard on the young guys i mean jerome again
actually came up to me one time and said your your dad was crazy with me and i was like well
what do you think he was like with his own kid like you know that's just kind of like a game
shit yeah exactly so like i mean he jerome again like came to the league as a rookie and my dad
was his line mate and it was, kid, get her going tonight,
or else I'm going to be all over you.
And Jerome had said to me, like, it helped him a lot.
And, I mean, I had that with some of the older players
that came into the league, that I came into the league with,
and it helps.
I mean, it's a hard league.
You got to play every night,
and you need those veteran guys to help you along.
Wade, did he ever snap on you about maybe a shitty breakout pass or maybe not
snap.
I remember us going back and forth because, you know,
I was snapping a tape to tape to get a decent amount of times.
I actually scored on your eight point night.
So you could thank me for that a little bit as well.
Yeah, that was a, I don't know if I deserve that assist, but, um,
that was the one that people
tried calling you but hey when you're at home and you got seven points going that's okay
100 and you don't think in on one of gretzky's eight point nights he wasn't get one of those
like oh no don't be saying that they're giving gretzky phantoms yeah this is gonna go to tnt
this is gonna be the lead story yeah no shit you're done buddy you're not my old man my old man actually told me a story about um he
was at one of these like legends dinners and um uh gretz um brett hall and messier were sitting
at the table and my dad was just like in awe and they're going back and forth telling stories and um gretz gets kicked out of a face-off and mess gets thrown in and they snap the drawback
and it goes in the net so mess gets credit for the goal and uh he's telling this story and holy
goes what do you what are you complaining about you probably got the assist and it was just like
kind of it's something that people used to talk about at rexall but um i think
at home you always there should be two assists on everything um it never really happens anymore but
that's the way it should be well now they got yeah they get the gambling involved so it's a it's a
yeah that's a player over points but different animal looking at i'm looking at your uh rookie
year roster and there's just so many guys that I've heard so many different funny stories about. And like,
even looking at hammer, right.
I called Alice Shemsky when we were in Dallas or we were texting and he said,
let's meet for a beer. I said, Hey, would you love to come on the show?
We just chat about, you know, your career.
He says, that's not what I'm about with. I'll meet you for a beer though.
Yeah, no, that's not,
that's not something hammer would be involved in at all.
But, yeah, he was a fun guy. What do you mean, hated talking about hockey away from the rink?
Nope, just hated the media and was just, hey, gags, how would you describe it?
He was just, I mean, he's got that kind of cool guy mentality, right?
Like he's just, you know, he's chill about everything and he's like,
why do we got to be serious and talk hockey or whatever, you know, like he,
he was, yeah. He talked about a guy with a ton of talent though.
I mean, some of the things that he was able to accomplish and, you know,
you look at kind of what we went through as a team and where he was at in his
career and it probably wasn't, you know, the best best for him but um yeah when I first came to the
league and I saw the talent he had it was it was pretty incredible. Gags I might get a diplomatic
answer here but do you find that playing in the Canadian market sometimes when things aren't
necessarily going well can really really wear the guys down like I see Connor McDavid right now and
like I just look like it looks like a guy's been like beaten to a pulp but a sense of having to answer the same questions every night getting ragged on and people like living and
breathing it all yeah yeah I mean it goes the other way too as well though right I mean when
whenever we had success and and things were going really well um it's unbeatable so um I I would say
that there's just more,
it's just more of a roller coaster and you have to learn to deal with the ups
and downs a little bit more than you would in a market. I remember, I mean,
you know, you played in Arizona and I,
and I got traded there from Edmonton and it couldn't have been more different.
You know, win or lose it just,
there wasn't the same attention to it and it allow you to just kind of,
you know, settle in and play your game. But then, you know,
one of the best parts I found about playing in those Canadian markets is
that's all people talked about was hockey. And you felt like, you know,
you were, you were living out your dream because that's, you know,
that's what you, that's what you want as a kid
you want your entire day to be about hockey so when when I first got to Edmonton and things
were going really well I mean I couldn't have asked for anything better so it's um you know
it's a balance but um you know I do feel for you know I feel I feel for those guys right now
you know I love playing in Edmonton and you know i have you know i i hope
i hope they can turn it around i mean it's um you know i i think they deserve it there it's just
yeah it's certainly um you know it's not fun when it when it when it's not going well
uh you had a front row seat to the witch show for a few seasons in edmonton you must have some
good some good dish some good stories on him him. I mean, that in good veteran examples.
Yeah. I don't know. I don't know if there's much I can talk about, but yeah,
no, it was great. I mean, you know,
he's living with Hall and Ebb's and kind of, you know,
hanging out with them all the time. You know,
going to the cactus club at West Edmonton mall, that was just kind of, you know, hanging out with them all the time. You know, going to the Cactus Club at West Edmonton Mall,
that was just kind of, you know, it was great.
I mean, when he first got traded to us,
he's kind of exactly what we needed, right?
Like, you know, a guy could snap the puck up
and, you know, make it easy on us forwards
and certainly a lot of fun to play with.
Hey, we've told some, I appreciate that hey we've told some i appreciate that we've
told some yeah yeah pretty funny uh pat quinn stories on here and i was talking to hork the
other night i mentioned that you were coming on and he's like oh you gotta have him tell the story
about how he went he used to call you and cogs his line oh well the funny thing is, so the whole story starts, he's just, he wasn't great with names.
I mean, he's a great man, but names, he just, I remember we were doing this the other day.
We were playing Washington and the way we penalty kill our entire system is obviously take away Ovi.
And I remember when we were playing against him in Edmonton, was like hey boys this oval chuck he's got a one
timer we've got to watch out for oval chuck on the back side and we're all looking around like
this guy's leading the league in scoring every year we're calling him oval chuck but yeah um
yeah hybrid we're in trouble tonight. We got the fucking transformer.
Yeah, no, Quinter started the  The cyber work.
Yeah, he  the one night he was calling out the starting lineup
and he said, and up front we got a gagliano, your line's gone.
And me and Cogs are like, we're both centers.
Which one of us is going?
Oh, man. Oh, i love these name collabs
this should happen more man he was ahead of his time holy shit yeah we get the half
hey the half jersey coach yeah sorry biz oh no that's okay it was a shitty joke uh he he he
mentioned the fact that cogliano i would have never have guessed it because he seems like a
pretty serious guy but one of the funniest guys that Whit ever played with unreal storyteller and unreal imitations too right
Whit it's a it's unbelievable he's like he's one of those guys that he's kind of he's I mean Whit
you can allude to it he's he's a shy guy like when you're when when he's in a group of one two three
he's like doesn't really say much and then and then you have 15
guys there and he's like telling a story and he's got it like he's got the animation going and he's
just like he takes over the room and you're like how does this happen but he's just yeah he's he's
hilarious and um the like ultimate storyteller he's got some all-timers yeah i mean you guys
came in together and at that point it was it was mac t was
head coach right yeah yeah yeah so take me through i mean you guys had pretty sick years to being
you know 18 19 years old i mean it must have been pretty exciting at that point to see a little bit
of an oilers kind of hopeful improvement while you guys are having success i'm guessing you didn't really expect going into camp. No. Yeah. I mean, um, so yeah, Cogs had a great camp. Uh,
and then, you know, I was able to make the team as well. And, and, you know,
both of us didn't really expect to make the team. So, you know, we're like,
you know, when we got our housing letters or whatever,
like should we live together and we live with Gibby and, uh,
everything just kind of worked out for us.
And the fact they were able to live together and go through all those things together, it was incredible.
And, you know, being a young guy playing at Edmonton and, you know, we didn't make the playoffs either those first years that Matthew was there.
But we were right in the hunt right to the end.
I remember the first year we had a bunch of guys injured and we went on a run to end
the season and ended up missing the playoffs by I think a point. And it was just, I mean, it was so
much fun, you know, having not be our first year in the league. And some, I went for dinner with
them the other night and some we still talk about. So, you know, obviously pretty cool.
I want to go back to your draft quickly. You did an interview for NHL.com and you listed your favorite band as
Google dolls. Is that still the case?
I said that.
Irish is a banger though. Oh yeah.
I think, I think Google dolls is criminally underrated.
I think they're amazing, but I don't think they're my favorite anymore.
I seen them.
I don't know. I don't think they're my favorite anymore. I've seen them in college. Who are you listening to?
I don't know.
Lumineers probably would be.
I like that kind of genre, that style of music.
So, yeah, something like that.
Well, for the lake life, because you're spending most of your off season on Lake, what is it, Lake Muskoka or Lake Joe?
Yeah, I used to be on Muskoka.
Now I'm on Lake Rosso. All three of them are Joe and Rosso and Muskoka or Lake Joe? Yeah. I used to be on Muskoka and now I'm on Lake Rosso. Uh, they're all,
all three of them are Joe and Rosso and Muskoka are connected. So, um,
yeah, it's, uh, it's a pretty cool place to spend the summer for sure.
So you just head up there. Is that, is that where you own?
Do you own in Toronto as well? Or are you just always up there if you're back
home?
No, I'm always just up there. We made, uh,
my wife and I made the decision that just, just be up there all summer. Um,
there's a rink about 20 minutes away that, you know,
Tavares just bought up there. McDavid's up there. Uh,
bull Horvath's up there now. Um, Kyle Clifford, good Branson. Like we,
we got a really good crew of guys that are, that are, you know,
starting to skate. They're kind of full-time now.
A couple of them are still pretty  Cliffy's a little old school,
so he'll come on a few times late in August and snap it around a bit.
Work on his dump ends.
Yeah, but then you've got the opposite end of that with JT,
who's wanting to be on the ice all day every day in the summer and working on his game nonstop.
So it's a good balance.
Is, is he kind of like the Sid to the McKinnon where he's dragging you over to his gym all the time or who's got the best gym set up and where are you guys
training?
We we both got our own spot. I've you know,
I think he last year actually had he had all of his league teammates up for a week.
I heard that.
Yeah, which was great.
Obviously helped the numbers.
And then he's got his gym set up there.
And then I got my own spot.
And I had some of the young guys that train up there.
Jack Quinn with the Sabres came out a few times.
And Cody Clark, Wendell's kids.
So we got a good crew and, you know, it's just fun just being able to train and then get out on the lake the rest of the day and golf or whatever it is.
I mean, now that now I got three kids, I mean, you know, you want to take any opportunity you can in the summer to kind of decompress and relax and and be around your kids and have some fun. So it's a perfect setup for us.
All right.
That's why I thought the Leafs were dangerous coming in because they had that
little regroup session and brought everybody up to JT's cottage.
And I think from what I hear, he had a little pep talk with the boys.
So I think they're fucking ready for a run.
It's it's yeah. I mean, I, I, I didn't,
I didn't get the invite obviously to go over there hang with
them um but um you know seeing as i'm in their division is probably a good thing um but yeah i
mean um they actually i think they went back to muskoka for training camp so they're um i i
wouldn't uh i would say that's a a big positive for them being able to have that time up there.
I mean, time in Edmonton, it kind of ended a little unusually.
You got traded twice within one hour.
So that first trade to Tampa, tell you, sit tight.
We're not keeping you.
How did that all play out?
Yeah, yeah.
No, it's funny.
It's actually, so Stevie was the GM of Tampa at the time. So he called my agent and said, essentially it was, it was a cat move for
them. So I got traded for Teddy Purcell, um, and we were making a similar amount, but, um, I was
still, um, 24 years old. So my, if they were to buy me out, my cat pit would have been, um, a
third as opposed to two thirds. So that was their decision. And, you know, so I was just kind of sitting there waiting to see, you know,
if either I was going to get bought out or, or,
or traded again and ended up getting traded to to Arizona.
So kind of a whirlwind, you know,
I remember right after Luongo tweeted like, you know,
the three emoji pictures of like the, I think it was a, a snowman.
And then, you know, palm trees and then, you know,
a desert or something like that. But yeah, it was a cactus.
I think that's probably it. Yeah. But yeah, it was,
it was certainly a whirlwind. I was at,
I was actually at the cottage at the time. So,
and it was a week before my wedding, um, had a few, uh,
few oiler teammates bail on my wedding. So I had to, you know,
bite the bullet on their meals, but you know, that's just part of it. Right.
Yeah.
They mailed you cards.
Yeah, no, they said they got, they got sick. Right. Yeah. So I don't know.
They weren't able to make it, but it happens.
You know, and then next few, you get traded a few times.
Was it getting frustrated going team to team every year,
or were you just sort of content to have a job in the NHL?
What was that like going?
I think you went like five years in five different teams.
You went over to Columbus, and I feel like that was a place
where you really had your bounce back year
because then you ended up getting a pretty good contract after that.
I'm pretty sure Torts was the coach at the time there right yeah yeah I mean yeah I mean part of it part of
it was difficult I mean I um you know I had played seven years in Edmonton to that point and you know
I was getting married to a girl from Edmonton and then um and then I get traded and um I had you
know for the last number of years,
I was in a new spot every year.
You know, we got three kids now.
So it was probably harder on her than it was on me.
And, you know, I'm so thankful for kind of the support
and, you know, everything that she's gone through
to make sure that, you know, life away from the rink is easy
so that I can just focus on hockey. But certainly, I mean, you know, I spent time in the minors when I was in,
in Philadelphia after I got traded from Arizona, had a, had a really good year in Columbus and,
you know, had some great opportunity there in the power play and playing in a bunch of
offensive situations and then signed in Vancouver. And, you know, for whatever reason, it didn't,
didn't really work out there the way I had hoped.
And then, you know, spent some time in the minors again
and went back to Edmonton, which was, you know, really a thrill for me.
You know, it was a different stage of my life.
You know, my wife just gave birth to our third baby girl.
So it was a completely different phase.
And I had so much fun with that.
And then I get traded to Detroit and it's been, it's been great, honestly.
I mean, you know, I'm, you know,
big part of our team here and getting a chance to play and a bunch of
different situations. So, I mean, it's all part of the journey.
You have different struggles throughout your career and you just try and,
you know, take it in stride and, and, and enjoy the ride. And, you know,
not many guys are fortunate enough to get the chance to, you know,
play a game for a living. So I'm, I'm thankful for that. And I just want to
keep going as long as I can.
Yeah, and I think you've always had that attitude of just you really love the game.
I could always tell that about you.
You love being at the rink, being on the ice.
Then you're 26 years old.
I think you played over 500 games, and all of a sudden you're in Lehigh.
You're in the AHL, and you're a high pick.
When I first went down, I was a and it was still it was tough to take were were you able to really kind of fight through that
because of your love for the game and did you have any time you're like holy shit i can't believe i'm
in the minors right now yeah absolutely i mean you know that that one was that one was hard because
it was the first time i'd ever been in the minors um you know and and at that time you're thinking
you know i'm 26 years old
this is supposed to be the prime of my career and when I got traded to Philadelphia I was excited
for that opportunity and um you know it was just I I don't know if I was ever really in the plans
um early on and you know I'm proud of the way I fought back. And, uh, you know, I think when we,
you know, we ended up making the playoffs, uh, kind of right at the end of the season. And then,
um, you know, I, I was, you know, playing a pretty regular role in the playoffs and, um,
it was the first time I'd been in the playoffs in my career. So it ended up working out there.
And then, you know, I got the deal the next year in Columbus. And so, I mean, yeah, it's,
it's all part of it. I mean,
everyone goes through struggles in their career at different times and,
you know, it's, you know, like you said, Wade, if you love the game and,
you know, it's,
you just keep pushing through and keep trying to enjoy it. And, you know,
the game's given me a lot back. So I'm really thankful for that.
Yeah. You had your best offensive output under torts.
Did he just find something in you that you had inside you?
Like, was he a big motivator, the favorite coach you might have had?
Well, so I actually, I remember I called.
So it was middle of August and I didn't have any offers.
And Columbus called and said, listen we're you know we're
interested in in giving you a chance and we'll we'll give you an opportunity as an offensive guy
to kind of find find a role and so I remember calling Vinny Lecalier and I just said hey what's
what's torts like and he's like he's he's crazy. But, but, but if he,
if he tells you, he's going to give you an opportunity,
he's going to give you an opportunity. He's honest. So, so I, you know,
I signed and, you know, it was, it was one of those situations.
I think I got scratched like the third game of the year. And, you know,
I was really upset about it. And I was like, I, you know,
I thought I was going to give it a chance. And, and then game four,
he comes right back to me and gives me a chance in the first power play.
And I kind of never really looked back.
Our power play went on a heater and ended up having an amazing year.
You know, had a ton of fun with that group.
At one point we won 16 in a row. So yeah, I mean, it was awesome.
So it was a great experience.
And then your second go aroundaround with Edmonton,
you got to play with a young Connor McDavid.
Is he better now than he was then, or has he just been always this good?
Yeah, I mean, I think he's continuing to improve.
I mean, he's another guy.
I mean, he loves the game.
You know, when I spend time with him in the summers, too, in Muskoka,
and, you know, he's always working on different elements of his game
to improve and try
and get better I remember I actually skated with him I was 19 years old and he was 12 and we had a
mutual friend in Toronto he's like hey you mind going out skating with this kid and I'm like yeah
no problem and I went out there with him and he was doing things that I couldn't do and I'm like
I'm a second year NHL player how How is this possible? And then sure enough,
you keep tabs on them and he goes on to, you know, he's,
I don't know if we've ever seen anybody like him really the way he plays a
game and his ability. It's it's incredible to watch. And you know,
when I got a chance to play with them and see some of the things he was able
to do in practice, I mean, you know,
to play with him and see some of the things he was able to do in practice.
I mean, you know, you guys know we do, like, certain angling drills in practice that, you know, get frustrating for forwards
because they, you know, you just get closed off
and run into the boards and it sucks.
And Connor just skates around people,
and you're not supposed to be able to do that.
And it's Dan HL, but he makes it look so easy a lot of the times,
and it was certainly fun playing with him uh Joey Moss you were super close with him um I mean yeah I think
I've heard you tell tense Joey Moss stories just like just brought that joy every day to the locker
room and it'll be forever missed he was the best man I mean mean, I, I, I look back at the relationship that the young group of us had with him.
You know, he, he was just, he's the life of the room. I mean,
every day he came to the rink with a smile on his face and he was, you know,
bickering at guys and, and, and, you know, making fun of guys.
And he just like the, the like the positive attitude that he had.
I mean, it was incredible.
And some of the dark times that we went through in Edmonton with the losing,
I mean, I can't imagine what that would have been like without him
and his presence.
So I'm so thankful that I got the chance to get to know him.
And, yeah,
it's just, he was the best.
We know hockey. Oh, sorry. Wait, I don't know. No, go ahead, buddy.
I apologize. We know hockey players, it creaches a habit.
So how are guys coping with all the delays and all the COVID shit this year,
just kind of throwing everything out of whack right now?
Yeah, no, for sure. It's it's difficult at times uh you know like you said i mean um you know once
you get into your routine of playing games and practicing and all those different things um
you know you try and plan ahead on the schedule and and get into your your rhythm and and different
things happen that kind of get in the way and it's just part of it. I mean, you know, I think you look at what's going on in the world and, you know, how much people have had to deal with.
And, you know, what we've gone through as NHL players is really nothing.
So, you know, I look, you know, I'm, you know, with the Marlies, all these kids aren't, you know, don't even get the chance to play right now. They're leagues on hold and they didn't get to play all last year.
And, you know, if that had happened to me at their age, I mean, I don't know what I would have done.
I mean, it's I just feel I feel so bad for for everyone that has to go through that.
So, I mean, in the grand scheme of things, what we've had to deal with is as nhlers some of the postponements it's just it's just kind of part of it and and i think we're all just happy that you know we we get the chance
to play in front of fans and and do our thing going back to the time in edmonton um do you
remember do you remember the time cogs was on the ice for like 13 straight goals against
do you remember that little streaky head if you remember i came in i came in the lounge by the way at rexall place the players lounge
in the locker room there was first class even though it's an old building and i came in and
i cogs was sitting there and he had this bunga pads on for people who don't know it's you don't
get lace bite and he takes them off he's sitting on that couch and he goes i don't know what else i can do with nothing i got nothing left i think i think i think right in the middle of it too of that old stretch
um was when he got high stick by yoni picking him and he was just like he lost teeth and he
there was blood everywhere and it was just like it was awful and he came he came into the into
the dressing room and got stitched up and was like, you know, he's like,
I'm going to battle through this. And his first shit back,
he gets scored on again. And he was just like, what am I doing here?
But then to add to that story.
So he gets stitched up and he's like,
there's like a kind of a bubble in his lip.
And, you know, guys in the team are like, oh, it's just scar tissue.
Like I remember Zach Sortini saying to him, like, you just got to,
you just got to rip it up.
And he's like, rip it up.
It's so painful. Like, what are you talking about?
So he's like grabbing at his lip, trying to like break up the scar tissue
or whatever.
And it's not getting any better.
So he goes to see the plastic surgeon when you get back to Edmonton.
And they, they go to open them up and it and his tooth had been stitched back into his lip.
So it wasn't scar tissue.
So he's trying to break it up.
And this is right in the middle of on the ice for 13 strike holes against.
It was a tough time for the guy, but he's persevered.
Yeah, he has.
It's amazing.
I mean, when you look at so he played
through that and some of the other stuff that he played through i i was you know when he got that
suspension that ruined his iron man streak i was so upset so rattled for him um because he's he's
such an honest player right um he's never really done anything wrong so for that to happen i i mean
i i still i still feel for him i mean he he he'd have played over a thousand um you know without without getting injured so
but you know i mean it happens and he's on san jose now and they're sticking they're sticking
with it i mean they're in the race and the other funny the other funny thing is is i remember i
think he was restricted that year too so we're like
cogs what are you gonna get what's your contract gonna be this is this is a big year wait this is
a big year and then i was like would you take a a nine year deal for nine million just a million
years like no doubt i would are you kidding me right now i go call you could end up making 30
though you know he's like i don't care goes, my stats aren't great right now.
And at this time, he wasn't like he wasn't penalty killing.
I don't think he wasn't really like the player that he's turned into.
And he's like, I think I take it.
I think I take it.
So good.
That's how bored you guys are getting Edmonton.
You're just chucking hypotheticals at each other on the couch,
crushing pints.
Yeah.
No, Joey would be giving them to us.
Joey gave them to us.
And then we figured them out.
So were you there?
We were there for the famous wrestling match between who was it?
Him and Penner at the time.
He used to wrestle everybody.
I think his record was like two and 64 or something, but he would lose me one.
He would lose.
Oh yeah.
And then he'd fake an injury every time.
It was unbelievable. He'd end up unbelievable he'd end up he'd end
up on the trader's table holding something and then he'd come in and he'd be like he'd like smile
and be like i'm actually fine and we're like yeah we know you're actually fine you just lost so
you're faking an injury we get it but oh man some of that stuff it was just the best times ever
we had fun times i know the teams were bad, but those were great guys.
I actually look back on those teams.
They were awesome crews of people hanging out.
The staff there was the best.
TD4s, Harry, Langer.
It was just a great crew.
Happy.
I love all those guys.
Yeah, they're great.
They're great.
I miss them.
They're awesome people.
And just, you know, everything, know with with joey in the room just kind of the life he brought and the different things like
different things that were happening like it was just awesome gags are your boys into hockey
my so my six-year-old uh he actually played his first game today yeah no way my yeah yeah he's
played his first game today.
And he was all fired up about it. So he's, he's getting to the age now, right.
Where he can come to come to my games and start to recognize what's happening and you know, see what I do for a living. And you know,
he's starting to get really into it. So my, my four-year-old boys you know,
he doesn't want to get into it yet, but you know, I, I honestly, whatever, whatever they want to do, it's completely up to them. So, but yeah,
it's, it's been, it's been fun.
And your oldest boy,
your oldest boy is at the age when he can start playing games,
but that also means the age is coming soon when Mr. Hunter may show up to say,
you're coming up in London.
Yeah. Good point. Good point. And he's going to  we got the Marlies too.
So, I don't know.
He's kind of got his career tracked out for him if he wants to do it.
So, regardless if he decides to end up playing,
could you see yourself going back as like a minor hockey league coach
once you're retired?
Or like what do you see yourself maybe doing in post-retirement?
Yeah, I mean, I want to stay involved in the game. You know, I, you know, I, I love,
you know, I love the game and I, and I want to be a part of it. I think I, I don't,
I wouldn't want to be a coach. You know, I, some of the things that I've said about coaches
over different parts of my career, I'm a, I don't want that being said about me ever.
But yeah, I think being a coach,
especially at the professional level,
is a really hard thing.
Guys are fighting for their careers
and you can't please everybody.
So it's really difficult.
And having played as long as I have,
you understand that more and more as you go along in your career, but I'll for sure,
I'll, I'll coach my kids. I mean, I remember, you know, some of the things that my dad said to me,
I remember he, you know, I had a game where I wasn't, you know, I didn't really try or something.
And he was like, he's like, if, if, you know, if you want to do this, I'm going to be hard on you. And if you want to play house league,
that's no problem. You can just have fun with your buddies.
And I'm like, I want to do this. And I might've regretted that at times,
but yeah, he was yeah, he, he was, you know,
he pushed me to be better and I'm thankful for it. I mean, I,
I don't have the career I have without you know,
everything that he put into it.
Stevie White's been working on rebuilding the franchise
the last couple of years.
You guys are in the playoff bubble right now.
Is there a feeling in the room that, you know,
the organization is turning a bit of a corner right now?
Yeah, I mean, I think we feel it.
We're growing.
You know, we got some young guys that are coming up
that have been, you know, instrumental to our success.
And, you know, if you want to be a winning team, you need those guys to step into your lineup and,
and carry the load. And, um, you know, I, I think, um, you know, like I said, we,
we've been through some growing pains as well. Um, you know, it's part of it. Uh, but yeah, I mean,
I think anytime you look at what Stevie built in Tampa
and, you know, what he's starting to build here,
it's something you want to be a part of.
I think, you know, having, you know, trusting that, you know,
management is going to do the right thing to help, you know,
move your team forward is a big thing as a player.
And, you know, they're making the right moves.
And it's been fun to be a part of.
How long is it before that Steve Uy aura wears off for young guys?
Because I saw him in the press box one time,
and he just has that, holy shit, it's Steve Eisenman.
He kind of gets stopped in his tracks.
Oh, absolutely.
I mean, I don't know what it's like for kind of the generation that's starting,
but, you know, that's who I grew up watching and idolizing, right?
I mean, I don't know if I should say this now as a Red Wing,
but I was a Peter Forsberg fan, right?
So I would always, you know, watch that rivalry back in the day.
And, you know, the way that Stevie played and, you know, the leadership ability,
and it's just, I mean, and he still has that aura.
You know, he walks into our dressing room and, you know, the leadership ability. And it's just, I mean, and he still has that aura, you know, he walks in, he walks into our,
you know, our dressing room and you know, the, you know,
mood changes a little bit. And, but I mean, he's,
he's such a smart hockey mind and you know,
he has so much respect around our room that you know, it's,
it's been great playing here.
They were saying in New Jersey, when Lou would come down,
they'd all put the L up on the AKL.
So do you guys give each other the heads up when Stevie's around?
Yeah, no, I haven't seen anything like that yet, but yeah, I mean,
he certainly has an aura about him.
I think you just have a feeling that he's,
that he's in the room when he walks in. So yeah,
it puts you on edge a little bit.
Well, Gags, thanks so much for joining us uh i mean it's it's
been pretty cool to see the career you've had and and the way you mentioned the downs as well as the
ups um shows you know it's pretty mature guy so i appreciate you coming on and it was a blast
playing with you uh good luck the rest of the year yeah thanks thanks for having me and and
biz and ra and um and it's yeah,
it's, it's been a lot of fun. Hopefully I,
I got some more left in me and you know,
we can talk again at a later date.
Do you have a golf course hookup?
Cause we're looking to come up to a Lake Ross. Is that what it's called?
Lake Ross.
Yeah, absolutely. Come on up anytime. I just joined a port Carlin,
port car, port Carlin golf and country club last summer and it's a fantastic track so i'll have you guys out we'd love to
a huge thanks to my boy gag sam gagne what a career he's had we really appreciate him coming
on it was a great talk and look forward to catching up with him again once he retires he's
probably a couple more things he can mention to us.
But I want to remind everyone that that interview was brought to you by Masterworks.
Did you know that a Wayne Gretzky rookie card sold for over a million dollars?
Imagine finding that card in a pack of gum and then selling it for one million bucks 30 years later.
It's nuts.
But there are actually platforms that let you invest in
collectibles like that one. Some do trading cards, wine, and even cars. But there's one that's picking
up steam like no other, Masterworks. This platform lets you invest in paintings by Warhol, Monet,
and Picasso without spending millions. Early investors got a new IRR of 30 in 2020 and 2021 from the sale of two paintings.
With results like that, no wonder why over 300,000 people have signed up.
If you want to join this art investing movement, log on to masterworks.art slash chicklets.
That's masterworks.art slash chicklets. See important disclosures at masterworks.io disclaimer.
But check it out, Masterworks.
And I want to mention about the Detroit Red Wings
and one of the guys we talked to gags about, Moritz Seider.
First thing he did against the Rangers that impressed me
was truck stick Chris Kreider.
Kreider went to hit him in the corner,
and he pretended like he didn't see him coming,
and Peter Forsberg style rocked him with a cold shoulder reverse hit.
And Kreider's a big boy. You do not see him get hit and tossed around the way Sider did that often.
The other thing Sider did this past week is he became the eighth fastest defenseman in the history of the NHL to get 30 assists.
He's behind the names of Lidstrom, Larry Murphy.
This isn't in order.
Mark Howe, Cale McCarr.
But this guy is a future Norris Trophy winner, Maureen Sider.
I love his game and his past week with the hit and the assist mark really
kind of grabbed my attention as his entire season has gone.
So, R.A., what are we chatting about next?
Also, too, with that penalty killing clip of him,
and this is not a name I bring up, but I couldn't help but think of Bobby Orr.
He went down one end, came back the other,
just ragging the puck all over the place, killing a penalty.
He's a Bobby Orr, Kale McCarr, Chris Pronger hybrid.
It should be a good career.
Yeah, it should be good stuff.
Well, next up, your guy's boy, your boy particularly,
Sidney Crosby scored his 500th NHL goal against who else?
The Philadelphia Flyers.
He's the 46th player to do so, the 18th guy to do it with one franchise.
He scored his most goals off of Hank Lundquist, 24 off of him,
14 off Locke, 12 off Brodeur.
The best part, maybe this was Evgeny malcolm gino congratulating himself on fucking instagram for assistant it's
like shouts and he tagged himself on instagram absolutely hilarious and of course they put the
list of everybody who's assisted on sid's goals uh boy what what were you number 12 i think i was
number 12 with was it 17 assists i had a hilarious chirp come at me via
twitter the guy said i wonder how many of those were actually primary assists my guess is seven
if i were to guess and then he said pretty pathetic i'm kind of paraphrasing he's like
pretty pathetic to talk about all you did was snap it around tape to tape if all you got was 17
assists yeah but but that's 12 that means he like was used to going back to his guys i was actually
shocked for the short amount of time you played with him that you were still number 12 yeah i was
snapping it around to him and i i think that being a part of that power play for, I mean, so we were rookies together.
So I was on the power play then, but not always on the first unit.
And then I got, say, two and a half years of just first power play time
with Gonchar, Malkin, Crosby, Malone.
There was different guys.
Sometimes John LeClair was in front the one year.
But I was just collecting the easiest assists of all time.
I mean, you shoot on net, Sid buries the rebound.
You give it to Gauntry, pass to Sid, Sid snipes.
It's an easy game playing with him.
And the fact that he's done it this way and he got 500,
awesome celebration in the crowd.
I saw his dad.
I think it was mom was there.
And then, Biz, remember Rizzo?
I think he works with Pat Brisson.
But the same clip, when Crosby's rookie year,
he scored that amazing winner in the shootout against Montreal.
It's on his all-time caps.
He went backhand shelf, water bottle goes flying.
It was so similar to the picture that night or the video that night
of Sid's dad and Rizzo jumping up and down in the stands at the old Mellon Arena.
So it's been a wild ride.
And to get 500 is pretty special i mean he's
he's been a hall of famer for when everybody i'd say for everybody for so many years talked about
how he haunted the the washington capital franchise but it was just a distraction because
he has haunted the philadelphia flyer franchise and all that he's done over time. And then for him to score his 500th and he waited because he,
I purposely think he waited just to dump on the Flyers in a two goal come
from behind win against them and OTs.
So just to take another massive shit on the Philadelphia Flyers when they're
at their lows of low Sid waits to dump on them.
And it's honestly like, it's like somebody's writing the story of six or seven points against him one
night. I remember at home, he's always just crushed Philly.
Well,
you weren't the only member of the chicklets family to appear on that list.
Boy Merles had one assist on a Crosby gold tied with Matt Murray.
And we're going to talk about Merles's comeback.
I don't know if you guys have the listeners have been following on Instagram.
You know,
this guy's been out of the game for a few years now,
and he got the, what, Jones in for it when we were at the hockey tournament
out in Vegas.
He, let's see, what's it, playing with, is it Covlands?
Is that how you say it?
Covlands in the division two.
They're in the second division, which is really the third,
because there's the SHL, and then there's the Allsvenska,
and then there's another division.
I think he's in the fourth, actually.
Okay.
I could be wrong, but before you pump his tires too much,
I'll remind everyone, as well as he's playing,
already I'll give you the stats.
This is the type of hockey he is.
A guy on his team had to leave mid-game last game
because he works for the local water company
and there was a house nearby with a big leak.
So it's not like this is the highest end pro hockey,
but the Merle still has it, and he took a cheap shot in game two.
Oh, I know he had one and one in the first game,
had a goal in the second game as well.
Cheap shot, was there video of it?
I got the video. I got the video. I'll send it over to you guys.
This guy comes flying out of nowhere, jumps,
elbows him in the head in the corner, but Merle's hopped right up. He's like,
I was in Vegas for eight days
with the chicklets. I don't need this right now.
I got to say, Merle's
he doesn't have the helmet on
and the hair's wet, man. He's looking
good like that. He's a stud anyways.
Calm down, buddy. I'm a big
Merle's guy. Merle's a stud.
Anytime we can pump Merle's tires, we're going to do it.
But, Biz, you've got something else going on this weekend.
You're a traveling man.
What's the latest?
Friday, right before the outdoor game.
So I'll be doing TNT Wednesday, and I mentioned that we're staying in studio.
So I'm going to spend five days there.
And we've talked about the Pink Whitney  oh, Jesus.
Bring it back, Biz.
The Pink Whitney night with the
orlando solar bears that was all part of this like echl project we're doing we're in a three-parter
well one of which is uh celebrating derrick nesbitt's thousandth pro game uh he already
accomplished it now we're gonna just you know go celebrate it make it a special night for him so
i'll be at the atlanta gladiators 10 tickets. We're going to have a blast.
Like hopefully if you're in the area,
you can stop by and celebrate a pretty special night for a guy who helped us
during the ECHL player reliefs fund in that whole situation.
When the league got shut down due to COVID come out,
Grinnelli is going to be there. Anybody else?
No, but we do have tons of fun stuff planned, just like Atlanta.
I mean, just like Orlando.
Orlando, we had the hot tub, but we got some cool stuff planned for Atlanta as well.
All right.
So I'll be opening the doors there with the people handing out the
what do you give them when they get to the rink, R.A.?
Commemorative pucks.
The first 2,000 fans get commemorative pucks.
Derek Nesbitt pucks.
Oh, fuck.
I was only going to say the lineup card.
I didn't even know we were doing these pucks.
So there you go.
I'll be at the front door saying hi.
So show up early.
Let's get the arena packed and let's have a fun ECHL game
just like we did in Orlando.
If it's three-fourths as exciting as Orlando was,
I'll be over the moon.
All right.
Looking forward to it, guys.
Orlando Solar Bears players.
I still have a check.
I'll send it to you when I get back.
I'm in Orlando.
I should have brought it.
I owe those guys my money on the board.
So that money is coming to the captain.
I think G's got his address.
It was Lindsay Lohan's cousin, the guy who was the captain of the team.
I'm fucking bored.
No, man. She's doing like cameos for 200 bucks now.
She's not fucking doing great.
She's like robbing boutiques and shit still over in the Cayman Islands.
But all fuck is he a man missile, though.
And what was weird is, you know, I get there when i was going to go film the first one
and i didn't realize that this guy was cousins uh with lindsey lohan and g's like oh my god i
wrote a blog on this guy a couple years ago and i'm like fucking i won like when does g ever write
blogs and what's the chance that he wrote a blog about lindsey lohan's cousin so g i'll let you
take it over what was the Well, it actually sucks because
one, I stopped writing blogs because you told me to stop writing blogs. I love writing blogs,
but two, two, he was in a, he was in a Domino's pizza outside Fenway park when he went and played
his PG year at Boston college. He played at Michigan for four years. And I just remember
seeing it on channel five news, like college player sucker punched at bar and he just got jumped he was at a domino's pizza and five guys got jumped
so when we walked into the place i was like i don't mean to be like weird here but like did
you get jumped by fenway park in like 2016 because i think i might have wrote a blog about you and he
was like that was me he was like that was me he's like i got my jaw broken had to miss the rest of
the season jumped him yeah yeah it was like a that was me. He's like, I got my jaw broken, had to miss the rest of the season.
Yeah.
Yeah.
It was like a setup because she needed his fucking debit card.
No, but I will say after watching the clip from the store, like he gets a complete sucker.
Like he was, he was definitely the victim in that situation. The guy was an MMA fighter too.
The guy that got him was a, was a, like a train fighter.
Fuck.
He was probably, he, probably he like he looks kind of
like jimmy garoppolo this guy is just an absolute man missile um how did we get there oh yeah the
echl thing so we'll see you in atlanta on friday february 25th uh thank you guys for for listening
to this little rundown and oh the week you should do a weekly blog. Write about one topic.
Do you do a weekly blog?
Would love to.
What day should it come out on?
And my apologies if I ever told you.
Okay, Thursday.
My apologies if I told you to stop writing blogs.
Can't monetize them, Biz.
You can't make any money off the blogs. Maybe your energy is better dispersed other areas.
Okay, fine.
Let's see.
Let's have you like walk the
plank if the fans are like fuck off with the blog i cannot wait until g calls me he's like
biz just called me screaming at me telling me to stop fucking blogging i want to see what you're
coming out with every thursday as a blog that's gonna fucking move the needle all right done all
right get the people talking g well the guy we always link with, Sid, Alexander Ovechkin,
he notched his 30th goal.
It gives him 16 30-goal seasons.
It's one behind the record held by Mike Godna.
Ovi's the only player with 16 30-goal seasons with one team.
Mike Godna, you talk about an underrated guy, man.
That guy just pumped out goals.
Fucking, again, 17 years, 30 goals.
That's a pretty impressive record.
And the guy ovi passed
yarame yaga he had 15 of our 15 30 goal seasons and he was in the news this week he turned 50
and the czech republic issued a commemorative bank note for the occasion i don't know if you
can actually use it or not but basically yaga on czech money and of course old story about him and
the model came up because it was his 50th birthday. The girl took a selfie while he was sleeping and thought she was going to blackmail him.
He's like, I don't give a fuck.
Like, I don't have a girlfriend.
I'm not married.
What a horrible narrative.
I'm crushing fucking 19-year-old Rockets and I'm 45 tucking fucking Genos in Fort Lauderdale,
getting my wings sucked off my torso at the beach.
Yeah.
What a terrible.
Don't let the headlines be that. You got got them i can't even follow that up is but i guess she had a boyfriend or whatever so
the whole fucking thing blew up in her face like you know she's exposed as as a cheater or whatever
i got a blackmail yeah i got a perfect match for her the fucking tinder swindler let's get them
connected up they'd have a perfect long lasting marriage um but going back to ovi as wit said it all
doesn't matter because he can't take shootouts so who gives a shit oh he's a sauce crosser though
we got to get him on this show no shootouts in the playoffs oh thank christ uh drew dowdy's
thousandth game happened a while back but he hadn't been in la so they had the celebration
for it and honestly that speech was awesome. A lot of brevity. He just
kept it under a minute. He looks over at
me and says, sorry guys, I know it
sucks for you guys, but thanks for being here. It was
probably under a minute. I think a lot of people should
do speeches like that. If you don't have nothing to say,
just wrap it up quick. He was
hilarious either way.
I think speech is
the shorter the better
usually. Obviously, there's the occasional I think speech is the shorter, the better. Usually.
I mean, obviously there's the,
there's the occasional one where a guy maybe does a best man speech.
That's 15, 20 minutes long and just crushes it.
If you're not exactly sure of what to say, and you're a little nervous about speaking short, sweet, concise,
and roll with it.
How good I mentioned, I did.
I mentioned I watched recently Matthew McConaughey's commencement speech
to the University of Texas?
It's on YouTube with millions and millions of views.
Amazing.
And you can listen to it driving.
Just get it on YouTube and play it on your phone.
Awesome speech.
And, I mean, that one's  a commencement speech is different.
I think it was like 45 minutes, but it was so good.
There's a bunch of good ones of people getting asked to go speak at colleges
for graduation.
Is that a commencement speech?
Is that what that's called?
Yes.
Oh, okay.
I didn't know the fancy word for it.
My apologies.
But Ali G, Sasha Bear Cohen has given one.
Who else?
There's a couple wild cards in there that ended up being absolutely hilarious.
What are some?
I got some breaking news, guys.
The Spittin' Chicklets Instagram has officially hit 1 million followers.
Oh, my God.
Let's do the balloon celebration like the Instagram models and fucking raise our.
Let's do bottle service.
Have G order bottle service for us.
Dom Perignon, baby.
Bring it on.
Let's get some bottles of Dom.
Bring it on.
Sparklers coming out.
I could stick out in Disney World with Dom.
You can thank me because I had Grinnelli to start running the Instagram more instead of the blog.
Well, memes too.
I know memes does both, but you've got to give a shout out to our boy, Memes.
Shout out to Memes.
He's been crushing social for us, but yeah,
he's hammers it for us to do this without
the NHL. Letting us post a single
NHL highlight is fucking incredible.
One of my greatest accomplishments
in life is getting the chicklets Instagram
to 1 million. All right. So then I
guess we got to get memes a Rolex.
That's the only solution.
Good job memes. You're the best bellows.
What color face do you want?
Going back to wedding speeches, sometimes they're out of control.
I know historically the best man gave one, but sometimes you go and it's like the best man,
the maid of honor, like the fucking father or the mother.
It's like, I feel like at the United Nations, it's like, dude,
I just want to fucking get drunk and eat some cheap chicken.
One of my sister's friends got up on the mic four separate times at her wedding.
Painful.
Buddy, it was.
Was that planned or was she just.
So it actually helped me out.
So I.
No, no, no, no.
Like she was buckled.
She was buckled.
She was R.A.
Minnesota pre ice fishing buckled.
Well, the night before ice fishing, because I was just-
Yeah, I know.
Oh, yeah, he wasn't drunk.
He was Billy Buckled at the sushi place.
But listen, I suck at giving them too, so I try to keep them as simple as possible.
The last thing I want to do is give a speech.
I get so fucking nervous.
But it gave me a little tee up, because I just got on the mic, and I was like, guys,
some bad news.
I'm like, no more booze. I'm'm like what's her name fucking crushed it all so that's the and
they just gave me a way to break the ice for buying so she came she came back running up at me and my
fucking aunt just like straight up ray lewis tackle there's like no you're done you're not
getting on there for the fifth time so i gotta keep it. How Gil style off the glass and out and got out of there.
So I guess shout out to her for being a fucking fool and,
and giving me the tee up.
But you,
you,
you said it already.
There are some ones that are painful.
Worst Terry Tate office linebacker tackled her.
I also,
I did.
I did my buddy Reggie's.
I did my buddy Reggie's best man speech, actually falls. Who's coming on. He did it as well. He went first. I also, I did my buddy Reggie's. I did my buddy Reggie's best man speech.
Actually, Foles, who's coming on, he did it as well.
He went first.
I went.
I don't remember who went first.
I was so nervous the entire day.
The whole day was ruined.
Like the whole, you know, all the guys at the wedding get together during the day.
You have drinks.
You're getting dressed.
Just hang.
Like the whole wedding was beginning.
I couldn't enjoy myself till the speech ended.
And then my brother Colin and I did our brother Sean's together.
We did.
It was actually like I said something, he said something.
We're up there together.
That one made it a little easier, but still nervous as hell.
And then when you do give a best man speech at a wedding,
the moment when it's done is one of the greatest feelings of all time
because you can just let loose.
You can't really go to him beforehand because you don't want to be this
girl that Biz saw.
But, yeah, speeches are tough.
Speeches are very hard, very nerve-wracking.
That first cocktail after doing that.
I know.
It could be two girls, one cup with with vodka and it would still be good.
I did have two speeches of mine.
I had two best men.
So I let each best man say a little something, but they were quite quick.
I got I've talked about it before.
One of the weddings I was passing out DHM detox shocker.
I got asked to like help with the intros and shit.
And like, I fucking hate doing that stuff.
And I feel like I was not comfortable up there. got asked to like help with the intros and shit and like i fucking hate doing that stuff and i
feel like i like i i was not comfortable up there the old man like the the mariel like my my close
friend she's at one of them she's a girl the father like you could tell see him looking at me
he was like disgusted the fact that i was up there on the mic so i think that there's there's
going to always be that mutual hatred of the fact that I was forced to do it. And then he was mad at me for bombing.
All right.
Moving right along, Biz.
There was an article in The Athletic this week.
Minnesota, we were just there with Billy G.
A lot of people speculating.
Does Minnesota need to make a trade?
The deadline, March 21st.
Billy G's been weighing his options.
He's worried about breaking up the chemistry because that team is kind of rolling.
I know they lost maybe two of their last three, but they've been rolling.
He's weary about maybe messing with the chemistry.
This is a guy who's been traded twice.
The first time he got traded to San Jose, he said it took a long time for him to fit in.
He was kind of out of place.
When he got traded to Pittsburgh, he fit right in.
So he knows that sometimes it doesn't always work out getting a guy.
They've been 10-3-1 since they went to Classic.
Also, if they do give up, they have very good assets right now.
Minnesota is, I think, third highest rated prospect pool.
So he's worried about giving up assets either for a rental
or a guy with term, in which case it's going to run into cap situation
because of the bio with Parise and Suda.
So he's kind of like, just kind of wait and see right now.
Do you think they need to make a move, Paul?
No, for two reasons.
You just mentioned the prospect pool,
and they're going to need guys making cheap money moving forward
with their cap situation with the Parise and the Sutter buyout.
And I just don't think now is the time.
I don't see even maybe a move putting them in a class
of maybe where some of the other teams are.
And on the flip side of it, as a GM, you're basically saying,
I love the chemistry we have here right now.
I don't want to fuck with it.
How could any player in that locker room be upset?
You've been able to accomplish what you've accomplished so far this season.
And I think that they've dealt with some adversity
having some guys at a lineup.
So once they get everyone healthy,
they might be even better than we originally thought
in what they've showed us so far.
So I don't see a rush.
Now, if he doesn't think the prospect pool is big enough
where these guys are going to be able to kind of get them
to that next level with their cap situation moving forward,
yeah, maybe as a GM, knowing everything, you kind of just rattled off next level with their cap situation moving forward. Yeah. Maybe as a GM,
knowing everything he,
you kind of just rattled off with his experience in it.
You go do maybe and,
and get the Giroux if it doesn't cost you as much as you thought it would,
or,
or somebody that can fit in that spot to help them put them over the edge.
But I say,
no,
I would say,
no,
don't do it.
Wait,
you got an opinion.
So biz talked about Florida, not adding anything in Minnesota, no, don't do it. Whit, you got an opinion? So Biz talked about Florida not adding anything,
and Minnesota similar.
I'm down with when you believe you have a team
that can win the Stanley Cup,
you do something at the deadline.
And it could be depth.
It could be a backup goaltender,
which is, I guess, also considered depth.
It could be something that won't really change the team a ton.
But I also aren't against going out and grabbing a stud.
Because when you have a team that you believe can win,
very few of those teams aren't missing one little piece.
So if you can go change it and you can go add something that you believe
that can really put you over the top, I'm on board with that.
I look at me and the team in Pittsburgh realizing we need a scoring winner,
winger, and getting Kunitz and saying, well, there's a younger defenseman.
See, he's gone.
There's teams that always need a little bit more,
and I don't believe a team that's worth its salt could let one or two guys
change the chemistry that all
year has been shown i think for example the panthers have very strong up the right side you
got you got montour wieger ekblad and you know also still um on the left you could use help so i
i think they go out and get a left defenseman but there's arguments for both both sides. All right. Obviously we'll keep our eyes on that.
Also there was a post a post of these guys fans made.
There was a preseason meeting, Billy, Billy G asked the team, like,
what are we going to, what are we here for?
And I think it was Spurgeon said, have fun or something.
And he's like, no, fuck that. This is about fucking winning.
So a couple of fans blew up the poster with the quote on it and Billy G
autographed it like fucking pretty cool. I mean, we obviously know Billy.
He's a great guy, but it was just a little nice little touch that he's signing a post like
that i'm sure some guys wouldn't sign it with the quote on it but billy g don't give a fuck
he's a star wars guy of course he's good uh some other trade chatter uh there's still lots of
claude drew to colorado chatter he says he hasn't talked to chuck fletch yet about it uh he will at
some point uh it's worth noting he's 11 games from his 1000th nhl game and you
gotta think he wants to do it in orange and black he's a fly at that fly a guy he doesn't want to
get traded and probably have that thousandth game i know is that something that as a gm that would
factor in him like keeping a guy for an extra couple games to let him get that or would you
trade him before that biz what do you what you think it's a weird kind of thing yeah it's it's
it's just a weird thing it's just like i don't if there's no rush and that's something that everybody was cool with but you know behind the scenes like
i don't think there's a massive rush to do it my only complaint would be from a trade perspective
if colorado was ready to pull the trigger right now um and and they were kind of adamant on it
because you've got to try to work in the chemistry and see the fit so you need as much runway as possible to see where where certain guys are going to be placed what is his
comfort zone who he should be playing with so to me that's why i like the toffoli move also so early
is you get the time to and and there was a lot more uh more things making it more seamless
for tyler toffoli in a sense of like he knew Luchich,
he knew Lewis, he'd played for Daryl.
In a situation where Giroux's now stepping out of his comfort zone for the first time in his NHL career,
yeah, get him there as soon as possible.
But I would imagine he remains a flyer till the 1,000th game.
But I think that it's a smart move for Colorado to just fucking load up like I don't really think
another first rounder is going to fucking mean that much and I I don't think that they're going
to give up anything that they're going to need this year in order to get the job done they're
not given I don't think they're sending new hook back I don't I I mentioned Bo Byron before
everything I'm just going to take that off the table because I don don't even know what's happening with the kid and maybe that they
aren't even prepared to trade them, but I don't know what,
what gets it done.
First rounders for rentals scare the hell out of me.
I don't care how much you're trying to get it done.
If I'm a GM and a player like Giroux is approaching his thousandth game.
And now I say a player like Giroux, there's not many of them.
Like the career he's had,
captain of the Philadelphia Flyers,
certainly one of the all-time greats, I'd say.
I mean, that's a team that has a lot of them,
but Claude Giroux has been a fantastic player
since he got into the league.
Having said all that,
if I have a deal in place that I love
and you know he's getting traded this year,
I don't give a fuck where he plays his 1,000th game because
as much as you'd like to see it
and the fans would like to see it, it's like I'm
trying to make my team better. This
deal's on the table right now. We wait
two games. He gets hurt. We don't know.
This team wants to do it now. I like what we're getting
in return. It's like you're still betting your
1,000th game. That's
a right you've earned. You've played that many
games. It's sorry it's not going to be
here all right but considering he probably has a no move or no trade is it essentially in his hands
yes absolutely he he doesn't have to go anyway he doesn't want to he can kind of negotiate not
going to negotiate i'll be interesting if he ends up going i'll be interested if he does play his
thousand that that was one of his requests i think we'll probably find that out post-career in an interview.
What's the deadline?
March 28th?
March 21st.
21st.
So, yeah, I mean, it's the 20th right now.
Do they have 11 games before the deadline?
I mean, have we even looked at that?
Yeah, no, he could get his 1,000th with the Philly,
and there's still plenty of time to get traded before the deadline.
Okay, then I would think that's what goes goes down and he ends up being a later towards
the deadline deal.
Yeah.
G G's the man we got to get them back on at some point.
Love chat with him.
Another guy whose name's getting thrown out there.
Ben Sherratt defenseman for Montreal.
He's in a sec last year of a 3.5 million deal.
He's UFA.
He just returned to the lineup today.
It's basically,
I would say a given that this guy's going to go somewhere.
Montreal is having a fire sale.
But, again, we'll keep you posted.
A bunch of other NHL notes.
Feel free to jump in whenever, boys.
Evander Kane popped Brendan Lemieux with a falcon punch.
I never even heard that phrase before.
Lemieux looked like he got hit by a nuclear missile, went down.
The internet had fun with it.
A bunch of memes.
But falcon punch, what's the genesis of that biz?
I never even heard that before. I heard rabbit punch, but never falcon punch what's what's the genesis of that biz i never even heard that before i heard rabbit punch but never falcon i have no clue memes posted it okay me neither
did you did you never hear what memes might have smoked his dip can by accident
what are you putting in your bowl uh a skull dip can uh you can't smoke that it's metal memes he
might have been smoking uh a crack he might have been smoking crack. He might have been smoking
out of fucking, you know,
a dumpster can, whatever it may be.
I miss memes.
I was up with Muskoko with him.
He's a character.
Tough break for him, not being able to come to Vegas.
I mean, he was supposed to come to Detroit.
He had border trouble, and then he had border
trouble again for Las Vegas.
When you're wanted in four different provinces, you have border trouble.
Fuck Trudeau.
Sorry, I don't mean to get political, but this fucking guy's getting dumped on everywhere.
Uh-oh.
He is a piece of shit.
People don't come here to check us to hear our political opinions.
I know.
I know.
Like I said, I was up there.
I mentioned before, and it seemed like everybody I talked to was fucking all set i think uh i think jeff o'neill summarized at the best he goes what old dog say
old dog today tweeted he goes canada needs a closed door players only meeting
everyone gets buckled oh old dog you got away with words my friend and i couldn't i couldn't
agree more let's just's just figure it out.
Let's go here.
Let's get her going here.
Let's get on the same page, everyone.
Seriously, man, it's a fucking joke at this point.
You guys mentioned earlier, Jamie Benn,
he gave a water bottle of bukkake to Chicago's McKenzie and Twistle.
That cost them 5,000 just for a little squirt.
Now, guys, is that insulting, degrading,
just plain disrespectful to fellow NHLers?
Like, how would you describe getting a fucking water bottle squirt in your face?
I don't, I mean, not the, 5K for that, I thought was a lot.
What biz?
I said I loved getting squirted on.
Oh, yeah, well, just ask permission first.
Yeah, 5K, I think it's, I don't know if it's a maximum for what he did it's kind of hilarious but i don't know if you're a player dude and that's a
clip i don't know you probably feel like you're just fucking getting shit on no okay i'll say
this back before the lockout uh this is the 05 lockout or 04 whatever it was the entire nhl wore
these big like wool socks and there'd be times that you'd be standing like in front of
the opposing team's bench in a neutral zone face off and somebody from the bench would just
completely drench your calves yeah they would i don't really have calves like me what they would
drench the peasants like there's numerous times like all the stars would always just drench though
like the pigeons you got it too oh yeah i think everyone got it i mean yeah all the stars are always just drenched like the pigeons. You got it too?
Oh, yeah.
I think everyone got it.
I mean, maybe the stars didn't,
but I would much rather catch a water bottle to the face water
than I would getting sprayed with the old wool socks,
which are then completely soaking wet the rest of the period
and basically added about a pound to your body weight.
So I'd rather take it there than
the old school way with the new age socks after the after the um lockout actually based you
remember after the lockout how the jerseys they made like didn't have they weren't they weren't
they were so well say for for like a fashion standpoint and like having throwback jerseys i
like the old ones but to wear and how heavy everything got when it was wet like you said
the socks like
i wore graphs too so if somebody did that to me i was basically wearing ankle weights the rest of
the game like that's probably why i couldn't even fucking move towards the end of my career
uh but but yeah yeah i guess it wouldn't bother me as much anymore now ra i gotta
shift the conversation have you ever let a woman squirt in your face um made her
i would be down without for it a pre-marriage obviously um actual not i know no i don't you
know i don't think i ever counted a squirt in all my wild days before i settled down uh had a lot of
fun ran around a bit but actual squirt i've heard about him uh but no uh it never happened but i'd be yeah whatever
happens once you're in the bedroom everything goes i wouldn't mind you know if i got a little
golden niagara fall shower so be it whatever there was this uh this girl in vancouver uh the
the guys group referred to as a super soaker and uh she had a um a one-bedroom apartment but she
had that uh what do you call those beds that swing down in the living room?
Murphy bed.
She had a Murphy bed in her living room,
and it was the super soaker bed.
That was the original water bed that R.A.'s buddies had in college.
No, it's funny.
Have you encountered a leaker like that before?
Biz's next career is going to be a podcast just for the women who squirted on his face.
Like running the NHL.
Like legit squirted.
Oh, yeah.
It looks like a fire hydrant.
I don't talk about the crazy days anymore.
I was just asking.
Like, obviously, I think that like anybody who's grown up at one point has experienced a squirter.
Yeah.
No, I'm surprised they didn't. I know. I've heard of like multi-orgasmic yeah it kind of it kind of
got me going i mean it makes you feel like you're actually doing something you know you get some
like uh some you know just like like girls eat up the likes on instagram when they post the picture
like it's nice to know you did your job as a guy and you got to see a little bit of a reward at the
end no absolutely you don't want to be a little bit of a reward at the end.
No, absolutely.
You don't want to be a selfish lover.
That was always my thing.
Don't just you want good you want good reviews after like a one and done, you know.
Well, I mean, I've been there, too, buddy.
Oh, we all have.
But, you know, that's why we got Roman.
But yeah, I mean, but there's been some where like you like legit, you just like touch it and then it's like, yeah.
Well then it's like, you just play it like, oh, that's the ultimate compliment.
Like, oh, you're so hot.
I couldn't help it.
Yeah.
But then next thing you know, you're getting a call from the fucking fire department because
the neighbor is getting a leak in their roof.
Uh, but yeah, no.
Okay.
So his teammate had to leave the game biz.
Oh yeah.
The, the, the, yeah.
Way to bring it back. oh my fuck um so he so what do you get ching ching five grand for it yeah five grand which whatever i mean i don't know if he's ever encountered a square before
them but yeah five five grand for a water bottle it sounds like it happens a lot off camera from
what you guys just said like i guess you know they can't i think they felt bad for the kid because i think he got dummied
into the wall right before that so he had a bit of a tough shift and then he got pigeon tossed by
jamie ben the anti-squirter squirter all right let you handle that joke this time uh gary betman
upholded brad machan's six game suspension uh he can appeal to an independent arbitrator if he
wants i kind of hope he does just to beat Marchand.
From my guy, Frank Saravalli, when Marchand testified,
he said that Jerry said to him, how about that fucking save?
And honestly, I would have thought it would have been something more
that would have set Marchand off,
especially when you talk about his quote back from when he gave shit to Panarin.
He's like, if that's going to set a guy off,
then this league's the softest league in the world.
So it's like, I would have thought Jerry said something much more
harsh than that to set Mahshond off.
So it's kind of contradicting himself.
I love Mahshond, but...
Which makes it even more funny that he punched him in the face
and it should have been a two-minute minor.
It's just like, this is fucking awesome.
Everybody went, oh, he punched the goalie.
It's like, big fucking deal.
What Krug did to Bunting, dude,
no one said, oh, he should be suspended for that it's the nhl dude people get
fucking punched in the face i love this just jari guy i mean he's he's a fucking character i kind of
want to get him on the pod now too maybe they shouldn't trade for for flower well we're talking
bro and say i will finish that up in a second before we get to our buddy fairway falls but
interesting quote from bruce cassidy visit came out I think last night he called out the team for being too nice.
I know the fans have been chipped on him for basically being soft.
I mean, we're used to Bruins hockey here. He said,
we have a lot of nice guys on our team. We need to be more like bricks.
You know, you usually don't.
I said it weeks ago. I said they need to add some toughness.
It's embarrassing.
Especially for like a Bruins team that has always been like,
that's been their MO. Like for me team that has always been like that's been
their mo yeah like to me that's the biggest difference right now like the bruins are a type
of team where they get good goaltending and they're going to beat you three two because they play smart
hockey and they were disciplined and if they make a mistake and they take a penalty their their
penalty comes up big because they got that defenseman who's going to block the shot and like
they ain't going to fucking run you up and down the ice like florida does or or or like toronto does right
they play a certain style and they've fucking lost their way and exactly like we've seen that
sean hit uh from um watson and nobody like did nothing like nobody you know i mean like nobody
it's a fucking joke it over to him it's like my opinion for bruins hockey yes it's a joke and if
i was a fan that would be my only complaint right now is start mucking it up a little bit more with Trent
Frederick he was he was kind of in and out of the lineup at the start of the season has he been more
consistent lately yeah they have him on the third line uh what's he with Foligno and um I'm not sure
if it's Smitty lately he's been up and down but he's yeah he's been having a consistent role in
the team I don't he's never going to be a sniper but he's been on the down, but he's, you know, he's been having a consistent role in the team. I don't, he's never going to be a sniper, but he's been on the third line lately.
And yeah, he's a guy that I think they might accept.
I think the brush needs to be more of that guy.
And you guys are gonna be like, Holy fuck.
And shut the fuck up about this bunting guy, drag your team into the fight.
Drag, drag the emotion out of them through the dog days of the season.
Like the, the Matthew Kachuk, the, the matthew kachuks the you know the
cory perry's the patty maroons you know like uh like the other night we talked about a regular
season game first game back florida hasn't played in two fucking weeks all it fucking took was one
of their guys getting bumped from behind to be like this is going to be a full-fledged fucking
gladiator match more of that that's their fucking
bruins mo so i'll leave it at that i said it a couple weeks ago i wasn't fucking kidding and
then there you go their head coach is now saying it so i'll pat myself on the back for that one
yeah it shouldn't all fall on mashi to mix it up but anyways time to bring on falls we do want to
let you know that this interview is brought to you by mattress firm america has a problem everyone
is exhausted and out of it because they're. America has a problem. Everyone is exhausted
and out of it because they're not sleeping in a bed that's right for them, and the sleep they
get sucks. And this problem has a name, junk sleep. You can unjunk your sleep at Mattress
Firm's President's Day Sale from now until March 8th. Save up to 500 when you get a king bed for
the price of a queen or a queen for the price of a twin. Stop by one of their locations. Beds are starting at 159.99 with immediate delivery.
Or save 300 when you shop Tempur-Pedic. America's number one Tempur-Pedic retailer is
Mattress Firm. Again, to unjunk your sleep, go to mattressfirm.com or go to a Mattress Firm store
today and speak with a sleep expert.
Like I said, I used them recently in Boston here. Awesome experience. The service was fantastic.
The mattress came, the delivery was awesome. So no BS, check them out if you're in the market
for a new mattress. And now we're going to send it over to Fairway Falls. And folks, now we welcome
a man who's, it's a long time coming. He should have been on this show a long time ago, but the time has finally arrived.
And if you ask why or if you ask who, I'll tell you who it is.
It's Fairway Foles Foley, one of the top pranksters in NHL history.
And he never sniffed an NHL game.
One of my best friends, a true, true piece of trash.
And he's here to defend.
best friends a true true piece of trash and he's here to defend he's here to defend the honor of tim thomas who i'll say this was a hell of a goalie but fully only likes him because he sprawled
around and looked insane making all these ridiculous saves because that's exactly how
foley looked when he played sports no athleticism in this guy. A P for a brain, but we'll let him speak.
Go ahead, Fairway.
Oh, I'm getting the floor first?
All right.
So this whole debate has started because Witt took the floor last week
on this very same stage, started going off about Tuca,
having a pity party for himself about Tuca, about, oh, my God,
he's not respected enough. Like all this bullshit.
And then he starts going into me and Rugo fucking we're idiots.
All this.
Clowns. I think I said,
Rugo's got an Ivy league degree. She's no idiot.
You've got a G D from Michigan high. Okay.
So that's when I was, I per up i'm like oh he's calling me and rugo idiots huh on his own little fucking show fucking no one there to no one there to bark
back at him morty seinfeld down florida till mid-march okay so and let me clarify, too, because this is legit.
This debate isn't about Tuca sucking at all.
Tuca's fucking awesome.
You've always dogged Tuca.
False.
You've always dogged him.
Let me talk.
Go ahead.
Sit back with your sunglasses on inside.
Okay?
So this is not about Tuca sucking at all.
I've never always dogged him.
That's bullshit.
OK, I've always been.
Listen, Bruins, baby, you've had that hoodie since 2007.
You've never taken it off either.
OK, wash it one time.
It's about his place in his Bruins history.
And you would just mowing down Bruins history being like he's the
best of all time and it's like Tim Thomas I I gotta make the case for him that he's the guy
we can't just like dismiss what he did while he was here now like look at their careers. They are distinctly different. I get it. But they are with the same core of guys from the Bruins kind.
It was kind of a handoff of Thomas to Rask in the goalie department.
And just look at Thomas's career, his numbers.
I know like people like to look at Rask's numbers and be like,
he was phenomenal.
He was. Thomas's numbers and be like, he was phenomenal. He was.
Thomas's numbers are no slouch.
Yeah, I know.
He won two Veznas.
He won the cup.
Not only did he win the cup, he was the MVP of the cup.
He was the first goalie.
He was the first guy to win Vezna and Conn Smythe in 35 years.
No other goalie had done it.
Hasek, Brodeur, Osgood.
Osgood was your third one there?
I don't know.
Rouat.
Patrick.
I was just thinking of Stanley Cup winners.
Shithead.
All right?
But the only guy to do that before that was Bernie Parent in 1975
with the Philly Flyers.
You said Bernie Parent?
Yeah, just like your parents.
Bernie Parent.
He was a hell of a player.
Bernie Parent.
He was in the Hall of Fame, dude.
Yeah, Perron.
You bowed out after like three years because of a bum ankle.
Yeah, and God knows if that ankle stayed healthy,
I'd be in the Hall of Fame with Bernie Parent, dude.
But if you just like compare their two careers,
you have Thomas, two Veznas, Tuca had one.
You have Thomas that led the Bruins to the Cup.
Con Smythe, he, like 2011,
he had more coach pops for me than fucking i mean you don't get off the
couch much either how much weight are you emphasizing on the fact that that game seven
went his way because i i wouldn't put the game seven against st louis on rask either
and i think witt's point is is ultimately it's all about providing those exact numbers if
not better because rask had slightly better numbers for a longer longer longer sustainable
amount of time is that kind of your argument wit it's longevity false it's longevity and i actually
think you make a great argument it isn't it is a good argument in the fact that they both were unreal and the Stanley Cup will weigh that that heavy for so many people and saying Tim Thomas is the greatest
Bruins goalie ever that way you could probably go into Jerry Cheevers if you're just going to go
Cups I just more think the 11 team that won it first off was a way better team than 13 or 19
so he had a better team in front of them. And the game seven against the Blues,
Biz said it, I think Rask played great.
I mean, it wasn't on him.
It was an amazing effort to get there.
The 13 run against the Blackhawks,
he was unreal.
There was nothing he could have done
different than that one.
So the way Thomas played
and him winning the cup,
even though Tuco still has a cup ring,
he's on the team.
He didn't play any games in the playoffs,
but it's like to do it for 14 years or whatever it was compared to six, and him winning the cup, even though Tuca still has a cup ring, he's on the team, he didn't play any games in the playoffs,
but it's like to do it for 14 years or whatever it was compared to six, six and a half, for me, it's like I just look at Tuca
as a more successful Boston Bruin.
I know he didn't start, he didn't win the cup as a starter,
but he was there for a long time being a top five goalie every single year.
And Foles, let me ask you this.
What are the things that you hold against Tuca?
Like what did you make of the bubble situation?
What do you make of it?
He was all over him for that.
Shut the fuck up.
Foles, Foles, Foles, were you not all over him for that?
And you brought up the Olympics too.
You get on his like off-base, where is he type soapbox rants falls
all right can i can i explain myself yeah fuck yeah we're waiting yeah as you think of what to
say go ahead you know he was just checking out uh tukaras tracking device yeah yeah he's gotta
find my phone on his ankle listen i'm not i, I'm not going to touch him leaving the bubble.
In hindsight, like, all this stuff has been horrible on everybody.
Like, you can't fault him.
Even if it was just because he didn't like fucking being there,
who gives a shit?
Like, this stuff sucks.
And that playoff wasn't really real.
Just like the others, like, that in the bubbles and like, whatever.
That was just to like check a box for some people in the league headquarters.
But the other stuff is legit.
Like when you measure a player's like, listen, we're not,
I'm going back to this. Tuka's always going to be loved in boston
he's not going to be hated or booed or anything like that even the people that you guys think
are haters or whatever are not like he was horrible for us he was great for a very long
period of time no doubt about it okay but there are some hiccups in his career that you can say, like, man, if he did that, he would be number one.
My argument with Thomas is his 2011 season and playoff just kind of, like, elevated him from probably, like, number four on the list of Bruins to number one.
Like, he put the, like, they won the cup.
That's why you play.
He was the MVP in the Vezina all in that season.
I know people like to say he was a flash in the pan,
but he played eight seasons for the Bruins.
One  in the middle there, there was a lockout.
You greedy players needed a little more money.
Just kidding.
You would be.
You would be. play hey is it
true you know people should know at home foley showed already this old brown bruins hoodie that
the kid wears everywhere so people may not know fairway falls is a hero he was a dispatcher on a
911 call and he and he provided information how to save somebody's life while not being on the
scene so the boston celtics honored Foles as a hero amongst us.
Do you know what he wore at center fucking court?
A mohawk?
He wore that goddamn hoodie with sweatpants.
Page out of my book.
Oh, all right.
Foles have the same exact wardrobe.
It's insane.
And also, I'll say this about Tuca Rast.
Foles and I, one of our closest friends, Kenny, the Rocket, Reggie Roach.
I played at BU with him. Foles played high school with him.
He was crippled one night at a Howl on the Moon, a bar in Boston, waffled, asleep, done.
And all of a sudden, what do they call those?
An angel just appears and picks him up and helps him and brings him over to a table and gives him some more beers,
even though he probably didn't need him and took care of him.
Took a rest did that because he skated with him one time at Rockland rink and
he knew who he was.
That's the type of guy took a rest was Tim Thomas probably would have pissed
on Reggie.
He was sitting in the corner.
Bullshit.
He probably would have kicked Reggie to the curb.
He probably would have taught Kenny a couple of lessons.
Okay. But like, Hey, this is how you can avoid this situation going
forward don't put yourself here that's what it would have i think you made a very good argument
and i think that probably half of of bruin fans will side with you now we a good segue for you
into our show or some of these pranks that you would do to nhl guys behind the scenes like i would imagine you've been doing this your whole life and are there like other
ones that you've pulled off that you can share with us that are just out of this world you guys
actually kind of a funny backstory to that the the prank story that you guys ran and i'll give
with credit you did an incredible job telling the story of uh achari and signing with the panthers with keith
and i remember i was at walt at the golf course that day and keith like joined us on like the
third hole or something and he kind of gave me the like hey hey we got a shout out on
chicklets today like i had no clue like anything and i'm like what next thing
you know my twitter followers went up like fucking 900 people i'm like oh something happened but that
was that was pretty funny but the um like looking back at past pranks and stuff i i think probably
the best one was uh when we drove home from pitt from Pittsburgh and we were calling people with the fake Red Sox tickets.
Oh, yeah.
Have I told that one on here?
I don't know.
Let's hear it again, though.
So Foles and I, Foles came out to visit at the end of the year,
and then we were driving home.
Yeah, with Reggie.
The three of us.
He fell asleep outside on that one, too, on that trip.
But we were driving home, and all of a sudden we said,
all right, we got to start getting people.
Foles and I were in the front seat, the, the, the old car I had,
it just had a phone that like the number registered.
The car was random. Nobody had it.
So we'd take turns going back and forth and we'd call all these people.
We must've called a hundred people. I would say like, like, um, Rick,
be like, yeah, this is Tim. Yeah.
This is Tim Walbach from kiss 108. Congratulations. And people are like, who Wambach from Kiss 108.
Congratulations.
And people are like, who?
Tim Wambach from Kiss 108.
They say, what did I win?
Well, you won four free tickets to the Boston Bruins New York Yankees game
August 18th at Fenway Park.
I didn't even sign up.
I didn't even sign up for this.
It's like, well, Yankees would be a good game.
So all of a sudden these people believe like but listen we need one thing when you get off talk to our producer we'll get your name your info we'll get those tickets out to you but we need
one thing we need you to remind us all that kiss 108's the best music in boston now say it for us
and sure enough every time they kiss 108 it's the best music in Boston. We'd say, come on, we need one more.
No, no, you gotta give it to us.
You gotta give it to us. And these people we knew
would be yelling into the phone,
you listen to the Kiss 108,
the best music in Boston.
So, Foles was the master
at that. But, um,
Foles and I, uh, we go way
back. Let's go back to the
Thomas, Thomas Tuka thing okay i got one thing to
chime in on a quick segue i got one thing to chime in on a quick segue i got one thing to
chime in on jeff jacobson one of my close buddies and he obviously helps out behind the scenes of
the podcast he we he would always do these things when we'd be all together late at night and he
would get on craigslist and we would see who he could call and who he could talk to and how interesting he
could make the conversation where he'd be calling people at two 30 in the
morning on a landline to talk about these frames that they were selling on
Craigslist. And next thing you know,
he was bartering and potentially selling his used car to them for,
for 20 other things they might have in their house.
So this thing could go any which way off the rails.
So these types of random combos and buddies who can riff on them
are absolute comedic geniuses.
So a friend of mine, assistant coach at a local high school here,
he played high school hockey, played a little bit of college.
So he's the assistant coach in charge of the goalies defense.
And he makes a change like mid season on the goalie.
Like we're going to go with the sophomore, not the junior anymore. Like that kid's a guy.
And I don't know the specifics, but the gist of the story is beautiful.
So the junior guy that gets benched, his father's like bullshit about it.
So he takes pictures of the coach's car in the parking lot,
puts them up on Craigslist for like a ridiculously low price
while their next game's going on,
and his phone is ringing off the hook or his his ford bronco getting sold
to the extent that he had to like excuse himself from the bench to be like what the hell is going
on like who's calling me and stuff and he didn't know what was going on holy fuck i think there's
isn't there a story about the same thing about like a cruise or
yeah like a free trip or something and then they post to stop anyway we can move on from this we
can talk about your stupid tukup take honestly like it's not stupid it's legit you know what i
i i agree with that full it's a it's an open-ended argument it's not i wrote tuka was the best ever
statistically he's got the most bruins wins he got him at two stanley cups but you look at the stats
thomas is definitely the more decorated goalie the vesnes he won the cup and ironically they
have the exact same save percentage as bruins nine two one promise is safe percentage in the
playoffs nine three three beats rasks i mean thomas is number one safe percentage of all time
so you can argue either case fourth i think in boston i think
it's a very vocal minority here that is anti-tuka i think it was fueled by 98.5 you know maserati
and felga they hated him i think a lot of people bought into that i think the majority of bruins
fans the overwhelming majority of bruins fans appreciate tuka realize how good he was and
totally like this at game seven that first goal i wouldn't watch the highlights that game first
goal was a tip three feet in front of him, five feet in front of him.
It's tough to save, nothing to do.
The second one was one of the worst two line changes in Bruins history
that, you know, fucking he left the hound to dry.
Team couldn't score, Bennington was outstanding.
I just don't think he was at fault.
And even game six versus Chicago, man, Claude never called a timeout.
He should have called it after Chicago tied the game.
Guys are wide open.
It was just shitty circumstances,
and I think he was the victim of bad luck more than anything. And the whole he shit his pants or he's gonna leave the game it's
like well the guy was gonna shit his pants he said i can't play i don't want to shit my pants
on the ice and you know whatever 15 years of playing it happened once and then he left the
bubble because his kid was having medical issues so i just think there's a valid reason to counter
all the bullshit that people put out there but i I will say, there's no wrong answer, I guess is my point.
So I think what the Bruins should do is they should do a collab statue
and jersey retirement night, where like, no?
Kind of like a split jersey full?
I think they each deserve their own respective night.
I think they each contributed a lot to the team.
I don't think it's anything
what Tuca did for the team is
nothing to be ashamed of like the only thing about it is the guy before him was so like
all right so it was so decorated like he won two vesnas tuka won one he won an mvp of the playoffs
and i get it like you know like a bounce goes here or there,
and all of a sudden Tuca's MVP of the 2019 playoffs.
Do you think they retired Tuca's number?
That's kind of the difference between one and two.
Sorry, what?
Do you think they retired Tuca's number?
I think it's deserving.
The only thing that makes me reserved about it is the Bruins have been a little bit conservative on retiring numbers.
Like, they haven't retired Jerry Cheever's number.
He's in the Hall of Fame and has won two Stanley Cups.
That's an odd scenario.
A Hall of Fame and Cup winning goalie.
But Terry O'Reilly's in.
Terry O'Reilly's number's up.
That's Boston fans. goalie like to not terry o'reilly's in terry o'reilly's numbers up that's boston fans that's
why i actually think i think the case for thomas being the best goalie ever is legit for the
bruins i do i do think the way that he played and how it looked like there was so much more effort
going in than tuka's perfect positioning relaxing making it look easy style. I think fans genuinely side more to the guy like Thomas,
the way he played.
I get you.
Like, yeah, because he resonated with it.
It's more blue collar.
It's not like the prototype.
Street hockey style.
He was like a street hockey goalie for the NHL.
And that's not a diss.
Like Dominic Haskett was the same way too.
Yeah, exactly.
He was like a poor man's Dominic Haskett, who was on a good team that he was able to win championships with.
We were talking before about when we first met.
I thought I was still single when we met.
But you're saying it was after I went to Detroit and drank out of the cup when it was down the other hallway.
Maybe it was before that.
But I do distinctly remember you, like, taking out your phone. You phone you're like oh look at me in the detroit and i was like
blown away i'm like you in the locker room and i got pigeon tossed almost beat up by chelio so
it was a pretty wild night and almost the first time you met him he's telling he's telling you
about him in the locker room with the cup within 10 minutes. I mean, it's pretty notable. Humble brag. Second
time I did it. Well, Foles, you did
a good job. I appreciate
you coming on. You've turned out pretty good for
a guy who in college ate chocolate
covered frosted donuts every
single morning for breakfast. That's bullshit.
According to Brian Yandel,
a guy who went to
UNH as a football player,
ended up a hockey player,
kicked out of his only game in Maine with 45 penalty minutes,
but a great guy nonetheless and a Tim Thomas diehard.
So we thank you.
Well, and I'll leave with this, with like Tuca stuff, is he'll always be,
like Tuca Rask will always be loved in Boston.
Like there's, like I know last year there was like some people interpreted
as hate, but like you kind of realized like, like, some people interpreted it as hate,
but, like, you kind of realize, like, man, he's not the same Tuca.
And it turned out he had a hip injury.
And everyone was like, oh, he's still elite.
He's still elite.
It's like, well, he doesn't look elite.
Like, and it turned out he had a hip injury.
Like, so we get that.
Like, it's not like people hated him.
And he's kind of like a Drew Bledsoe of New England.
Like, every time Drew Bledsoe goes into Foxborough, he's cheered.
He's like, you know.
Interesting comparison.
Not too bad there, Foles.
Solid ending for you.
When you call me an idiot to a million people,
and you go on your little rant, of course I'm going to come back.
Yeah, yeah.
Rugal really appreciate that Ivy League degree thing.
He really deserves that.
So shout out to Brown for letting Rugal.
He probably had some rocket launcher doing his homework like Ryan Lannan was.
I remember when we had him on, he was saying that.
Speaking of Craigslist, I think that's where he met that lady,
just fucking sucking the dick off his torso and writing his papers.
What a gig he had.
And got a Harvard degree out of it.
Tough life.
I want that program.
I'll do that for my high school diploma, for fuck's sakes.
I thought you did.
No, I don't know.
My mom wrote my essays and shit.
But none of that other stuff was going on
all right well great to see you guys yeah see you folks thanks for coming
thank you very much to my boy foley fairway falls follow this guy on instagram biz what did you
think about the uh argument i mean what'd you you think about lawyer Brian Foley giving his argument for Tim Thomas?
I think that part of the reason we brought him on
was because he was shitting on Rask,
and then all of a sudden you get on the podcast
and then you're not talking as tough as you are on Twitter.
What's the saying?
Twitter fingers turn to trigger fingers?
Isn't that what they say in the rap or Meek Mill song?
He spent hard on Tuca, but today he said he's not you know he really
appreciates him it was a little different tune than i've known him to come forward before and
talking about the bruins goalie so he's not he's he's not an actual lawyer is he i mean he was
backpedaling like rodney harrison there yeah biz i thought if a guy went to law school i was
expecting him to look like annie becca from la. And, you know, I don't think he defended his point all that great.
But, yeah, I was.
I think he should turn into an actual prankster.
Maybe that maybe he could join that show because then they lose a guy.
The impractical jokers.
He should just be the new fill in guy for that, as opposed to being an
actual lawyer, because if that's how somebody spoke to me in a court of law and i was the judge i would judge judy laughing his face
him off stage so that's what i thought of his first appearance on on chicklets but nonetheless
a great guy for pranks and a great guy to go on the golf course with because he kind of records
all the comedy and has funny captions on Instagram with.
Oh, yeah, it's great. And I'll say I dogged his sweatshirt that he's been wearing five days a
week since 2009. We got to get him some Peter Millar, guys. And if you're a golfer, even if
you're not a golfer, Peter Millar is the way to go at this time of year. You know, it brings
unpredictable weather, whether you're in Florida, you know, it can get rainy, windy.
And with that weather comes the need for versatile outerwear to protect you from all the elements.
And that's why our friends at Peter Millar have created standout performance layers specifically designed for warmth, comfort and mobility.
This season, it's all about their Flex Adapt line.
These pieces feature some of the most flexible performance fabric that they've ever developed.
The technology in this fabric allows for incredible breathability
when you're moving around and blocks wind when you're standing still.
Whether you're heading to town or layering up for your next round,
do it in style with Peter Millar Performance Outerwear.
Head over to petermillar.com slash chicklets
to explore the Flex Adapt series
as well as the complete peter
millar outerwear line be sure to use the code chicklets to receive complimentary shipping
head over right now to petermillard.com slash chicklets get involved and use the code chicklets
to receive the complimentary shipping and let's get foals fitted in some different gear than his
hoodie so they sent me a golf bag too it's unreal it's very small and
compact so actually i put the the pink whitney golf bag on the shelf just for the pita millar
so there you go that doesn't tell you how good these products are folks not only the clothes but
as far as foals go i mean disappointment and do you think he could you think he could be invited
to a sandbagger like would be would he be a funny guest throughout an hour-long sandbagger
yes he would he would be very funny who would you put as his guest
maybe ned ned's been on the show that's two of my buddies who've been on the show before
i mean we'd wax them too i think though but we could even get falls doing a little announcing
merle style
merle and foley go way back we'll see we'll see what the future is he is he kind of a punching
bag of the crew of all your buddies or is there like another guy who no he does a lot of the
punching he's like the mike tyson of the crew with the punching is he is he a member of the
trash can uh golf team trash he's team trash oh yeah he's a champion with myself is he a big uh is he a huge
morale guy on these trips is he like the top morale guy yeah he expects a lot of himself on
the course though he's a leader he's a leader on that team no doubt what about like in the fun
festivities though because there's always the balance right you're always buckled he's an early
he's an early sleeper he's one of those guys guys. He needs his hours, right? Foles isn't going to be up at 2 in the morning having darts,
still listening to Biggie.
Oh, no, I like that.
He's going to be asleep around 11, 11.30, 12-ish.
He knows his role.
He gets up.
He needs to have breakfast.
Some guys grab, like, a Gatorade power bar or even a Red Bull and vodka
to start the round on these golf trips.
He's sitting down.
He's getting a Belgian waffle.
He's getting an omelet.
He's getting a bagel, and he's filling himself up. And then he's got to get a big shit in before it's round and he goes out there and
stripes it though okay all right so potential sandbagger guest with his uh his uh pre-golf
routine uh what's the location of of the next sandbag do we know officially or state even
okay because i we have one more in the bank, and we have Joe Watson,
former Flyers legend.
I believe he's in the Ring of Honor too, isn't he?
Yes.
And then, oh, the Klutz, Fridge, Todd Fedorek.
This guy is something else, but he can stripe a ball.
So that's our last one that's in the bank.
So we don't know when we're going to be recording our next one.
When do you think that you will be ready to compete again?
I will be good to play.
Give me, after that round yesterday, February 20th, give me a month.
Give me a month.
March 20th.
March 21st and on, I'm good to go.
There you have it, folks.
Back in the saddle and maybe potential
round between us and Foles
and Nettie.
I think I may have to make my
debut on one of these. Not golf and just
come out and just be a fucking
goon. The last one was
so funny, I was like, I wish I was there hearing
Teddy and Goma doing this. Yeah, but we do these from like 12 to 4, so you're still sleeping.
I'm a night owl.
I was a bartender at Canada.
Oh, we know, buddy.
You think, dude?
Yeah.
Starting movies at 2.45 a.m.
Other than your eyes are still completely closed at those times,
but you're somehow still functioning.
So get it done.
I have non-traditional hours, Paul.
Yeah.
Hi, we've got some news points to get to,
but if you guys want to chime in, jump right in.
But your boy,
Doug Armstrong became the 25th GM in NHL history to record 500 wins with a
single team.
He also gave money to you goons for a couple of weeks to eat and run around
St. Louis. So no, what's that called not pto money per diem per diem jesus christ
i gave the per diem to the trainers uh that's good stuff i sold them my abercrombie
and then kept the per diem um no i greasedased him a little bit. I always take care of the boys. Maybe not as much as the wit dog.
No, I don't even know if I did.
Congratulations to him.
Borowitzky signed a deal.
Congrats to him.
I'm not going to say anything bad because he'd fucking speed bag me that tough son of a bitch.
He does look like a mean motherfucker.
Oh, yeah.
One year, 900,000 for next season.
This is a good story.
The Hamburglar, Andrew Hammond, he made his first start in almost four years for the Montreal today.
This guy back in 2015, he went 21-2 with the 179 goals against a 941 save percentage, three shutouts.
He's our Senators rookie.
They were 14 points out of the playoffs on February 10th.
He went on that fucking heat.
I got him in the playoffs.
They went to the Eastern Conference Finals.
So Ottawa legend, but pretty cool to see him, you know,
kind of bounce around and get a major league start.
That's like, that's like a flash in the pan.
Just like Tim Thomas, same fucking thing.
There you go.
False.
Flash in the pan.
He, he got free McDonald's for life.
That's legit.
Oh yeah.
Oh my God.
That's incredible.
Is that like a card that.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Leonard talked about it after, uh, when, when we were joking around in the podcast when he's like, yeah. Oh, my God. That's incredible. Is that like a card that comes? Yeah, Leonard talked about it after when we were joking around on the podcast
when he's like, yeah, I wasn't playing very well.
And then all of a sudden, like, this guy steps in, takes my job,
and then I fucking love fast food.
And then all of a sudden, he's got a lifetime supply of McDonald's.
So he's like, yeah, things weren't going so great.
Hammond, by the way, got the W today.
He stopped 30 or 32 shots as the Canadians wanted to shoot out.
So shout out once again to the Hamburglar.
Montreal also hired Vinny LeCavalier and Nick Bobrov to join their front office.
LeCavalier is going to be a special advisor to hockey operations.
Bobrov is going to be co-director of amateur scouting.
The Ducks potted ways with assistant GM Dave Nonas.
He was in the last year of his deal.
Instead of staying for the rest of the year,
I guess they'd let him go now so he can look for a gig elsewhere.
He's been around for a long time,
so probably shouldn't have a hard time finding a job.
Legendary Rangers coach and GM and also Hockey Hall of Famer,
Emil Francis, passed away at 95 years old.
So we'd like to extend our sympathies to his family,
his friends in the Rangers family.
Of course, he's a legend in the team
history, and sad to hear that news.
So, again, we want to pass our condolences
along. I saw a great
article on NHL.com
about
Scarborough, Ontario, and
all the black NHL players who've come from
there, and it's crazy. It's, you got
the Stewart brothers, you got Kevin Weeks,
Anson Carter, Joel Ward, Wayne Simmons, Devontae Smith-Pelly. What a cool story. I didn't know, I didn't know how there and and it's crazy it's you got the stewart brothers you got kevin weeks anson carter joel
ward wayne simmons davante smith pelly what a cool story i didn't know i didn't know how many
guys were actually from scarborough and uh it's a pretty cool read by i who wrote this right here
mike zeisberger so check that out on nhl.com crazy to think those guys are all from the same
neighborhood geez i didn't know that either yeah ze, it's Iceberg. He's a great hockey reporter.
Been around for a long time.
Let's see.
Did you see this clip of Bruce Boudreaux
talking about his top five wrestlers?
He lit up like a Christmas tree when they asked him this.
Like, we've known he's a WWF guy,
but he had two Canadians and who else did he have?
The Rock, Steve Austin, and some old-timer.
Biz, were you-
I don't remember the old-timer,
but he said both the hearts
right brett no one heard yeah he had a couple of canadians to start off yeah um but are they
canadian the hearts yeah yeah yeah that's what he's like i'm gonna go all canadian then he named
two and then went with like three guys but uh biz were you a big wwf wwe guy back in the day or no yeah i got maybe during the there was
different eras of wrestling like the kind of like the og era and then like i think that uh once like
hulkamania and that period of time andre the giant like that was kind of just at a different level
um i would probably say the stone cold era is the that was the best era of i was in it a
little bit like 98 99 ish right around then maybe but but you're older than i am all right you might
be like man like i like the era before that so it's hard it's kind of like comparing like who the
who the the goat is of of certain sports where it's different eras, like the LeBron versus MJ shit.
Yeah.
I grew up in the late seventies, eighties, WWF era.
I have some great pitches.
Me and my brother used to go to the garden all the time and get up close to
these guys.
We had a friend who worked there so we can hang in the garage,
get autographs after, but my top five, I would say,
five, Ric Flair uh four fuck was he a showman i would say four carrie von eric
never heard of him uh number three and again this is my era number three
um number three carrie von eric you know what put this number one Number one is Andre the Giant.
I'll go to Andre the Giant.
Number one.
That's in my head.
Number two.
For the six people still listening, bear with us here.
Andre the Giant, two, Hulk Hogan.
Who would I put?
Fucking three.
Number three is fucking.
Do you want to come back to it?
I'll come back to it.
I'll come back to it.
Holy fuck.
I know.
Think about it and then bring it to us next podcast.
Like, it's like you didn't have time
to think of a top of top five lifts since like the heck the clip happened that's crazy that you
would bring put yourself on the spot like that and get number three holy shit i i know i have it in
my head i'll come to it in a second but you know yeah i bet hey biz if you love watching live sports
but you're tired of the high prices it's time to take control of your TV experience.
It's time you got Sling.
Watch exclusive new basketball content
and past episodes of Chicklets and the Yak.
Also, Coach Prime with the legend Deion Sanders.
He's back, and you can stream the live premiere
of episode one tonight at 8 p.m. on Sling.
Sling is the place where your favorite sports channels
like ESPN, FS1, TNT, and more
come together for less. And it's the cheapest way to watch college hoops, the NBA playoffs,
the entire Formula One season, and more. Sling is easy to set up, easy to use, and there's no
contracts. Sign up now and try it absolutely free. Whatever you're into, Sling is where you can find the live sports you love
all in one place.
Go to sling.com slash barstool
to sign up now
and try it free.
And don't forget to watch Coach Prime.
I wanted to piggyback on the point
you made a few minutes ago
about all the black players
coming from that particular area.
It was the first this week,
the first all-black TV broadcast
in NHL history.
Everett Fitzhugh and JT Brown for the Seattle Kraken made history.
I mean, we talk about inclusion and diversity a lot in hockey lately,
and it's great to see these guys have worked up.
They paid their dues, and they got a chance,
and they made some significant history this week.
So 100 to those guys, and congratulate them as well for that accomplishment,
and keep doing the great work, guys.
We love listening to you. Great job can i can i um give it i was gonna talk wrestling quick do you like ray mysterio jr what don't know who it is the little guy he'd be in my probably my
top five i'd have sean michaels in my top five. Stone Cold, for sure.
And probably the last one, as far as full-on persona,
was Mankind and how he did the different guys.
So he was McFoley, Mankind, and then... He was great, and he had the sock.
He had the sock, yeah.
He was, as far as the craft of being on the mic,
and his matches would be so hardcore
so i think he had the respect from the prior generations of how gory he would make him he
was almost like a a backyard type wrestler so mcfoley would be definitely on my top five list
so i've had osteotomy on my ankles i got the worst feet in the world. Walking barefoot is so painful.
I can't even walk barefoot in my house. I have
slippers. I would
rather go to Disney
tomorrow barefoot
without the VIP tour
pass than ever listen to
you two try to list your top five wrestlers
again in my life.
I had a brain fart.
I had a brain fart. I had a brain fart.
I know my number three.
I had said it in my head the other day,
and I didn't know what was going to get asked,
even though I was...
I think I had a pretty good fucking list, man.
What are you talking about?
You got to four, though, and you were hurting a little.
R.A. still doesn't have three.
R.A.'s number three wrestler is going to die
before he thinks of who it is.
Oh, yeah, Ric Flair.
I'll pick Ric Flair.
I try to make
it like dramatic and stop from the bottom and that's right that's what fucked me up because
usually go front so dude andre again number one all time i hope you're fucking doing this again
no no i i i got the guy i i just remembered you said i hope you lose your fucking fast pass and
your shoes at the gate tomorrow and you have to do what you just said described you fucking asshole how about that you fuck who's number three all right number three number three
the biggest and best heel in wrestling history rowdy roddy pipa oh that's a good answer okay
i knew i knew that's what i was waiting i didn't want to disrespect someone we're back Nelson rowdy rowdy number three and
again Kerry Von Erich back in the world-class championship nobody knows who that is oh trust
me motherfucker they do you guys don't even know what animal house is we have one listener left
tell the last listener whoever's still left hey this is belly button soup. I got a congratulations to give out. This is to Remy Lindholm.
Remy Lindholm is from Finland,
and he finished 28th place in this year's Olympic Winter Games
in the 50 kilometers, I think, cross-country race.
I'm congratulating him because in the race, his penis froze.
This dude's cock froze.
He said it was the most excruciating pain of his life.
The article I'm reading is just on Twitter from Rolling Stone says he actually froze his third pole.
So he's a decrease with the craziest part.
It's the second time it's happened.
He's frozen his dick twice, two times.
And there's 60 skiers.
He finished in the top half with a frozen cock the whole time. time it's happened he's frozen his dick twice two times and he there's 60 skiers he finished
in the top half with a frozen cock the whole time i can't believe it i mean yeah it just shrinks and
it goes inside when you're that cold you should do like when you uh meme it with like when you
when you get the deep cold on your cock um but i mean why listen to this listen to this paragraph
sorry i broke my dick immediately after
the race lindholm sought relief in the form of a waiting heat pack when the body parts started to
warm up after the finish the pain was unbearable the skier added thankfully lindholm's injury did
not prevent him from enjoying his nation's surprise gold medal in the men's hockey event
as well as the sunday's closing closing ceremony. So when he warmed up
is when it became horrific.
That's because I guess it didn't warm up because it was still
frozen like an old steak you put in the freezer.
But that's wild. To get through a race
with a frozen hammer is...
I bet you he couldn't
list his top five wrestlers.
Who's number two, R.A.?
Hulk. Hulk Hogan
changed the game, man like he put he made
wrestling on on sports illustrated cover it was never there before so he's the he's uh the mj of
wrestling i would have made it worldwide i have no problem saying that andre's just andre he there
was nobody like him so he's automatically number one but uh keith i mean sorry brian yandall and
moths the rink shrrinks, our buddies,
they were down in Tampa.
Brian's son, Colin, had a tournament.
Bri coaches the team, and Mott's came down.
I think they did some sort of speaking engagement with Chris Frishti,
a couple other people, and Trevor Daly was down there,
and Hulk Hogan was at the restaurant they were at,
and they sent us a bunch of pictures, and Ross Yandel, he confirmed, the guy looks amazing.
Hulk Hogan looks like he's 40 years old.
He doesn't have a wrinkle.
He's still jacked.
I couldn't believe how good he looked.
He's glowing in this picture.
So he's definitely the GOAT of wrestling.
Like I said, I used to go to the garden.
And me and my brother, when the security would walk the wrestlers out to the thing,
there was like a two-second window to sneak behind them,
and we were in the hallway where the locker rooms were.
If people saw you there, they assumed you were supposed to be there.
And I'll never forget, man, him and Paul Orndorff, Mr. Wonderful,
they fought.
You know, sometimes they fight out of the ring and they go back.
Dude, I watched these guys from two feet away fling each other off
cinder block walls
i'm like oh my god they have to hate each other like it was insane like people were standing in
front of me hold me back because like i was a little kid and for years i thought wow wrestling's
real when the garden closed with i took a tour of the garden it was the celtics locker room because
one went in one locker room door and one went in the other and when i got the tour of the celtics
room i realized it was all the same locker room. So I seen these guys kill each other,
like legit throwing each other off the cinder blocks and then go in the
same locker room.
It's amazing.
Like you would think it was a hundred percent real.
And then that was the time I realized, okay, it's definitely fake, man.
When they, those guys went in the same locker room, the Hulk's the dude.
Like it was, it was crazy, dude.
They killed each other.
And then they go in the same room and like hug it out, man.
I don't know.
It was awesome.
Amazing.
Data.
Those guys, that era was unreal, but when did you figure out that Santa Claus wasn't
real?
Well, I was also going to say, he's watching this as a kid.
Then he says he realized that when the garden closed and he toured the Celtics, that was
like what?
20 years later.
It was about 10 years later.
No, I know it was obviously rigged, but it was confirmation.
Like, because if you saw it with like, again, chucking a guy off a cinder block
while going down the hallway.
There was 10 people there.
It wasn't like the whole place.
It was in the hallway.
It was so vivid and real.
R.A.'s the guy at the gymnasium where he's like.
Oh, man.
He'd come out with a hug.
I know they say it's fake.
We got to give props to the Terriers.
Yes, Beanpot Champs yes beanpot champs beanpot champs my wife went to
northeastern she said rider had to get a northeastern jersey if they beat him and luckily
we rolled we rolled we got a late goal i think the peewee tournament is bigger than the beanpot
yeah people people dog the beanpot and i actually don't blame them because of how big of a deal people from Boston and New England make of it
or because of it.
But for me, it's just I grew up with all three.
R.A. went to the games.
Grinnelli wished to play in them.
I played in them.
You know, we know what it's all about.
Beanpot, Chicklets Cup.
Beanpot, Chicklets Cup are like on par.
Okay, big deal fucking chicklets cups
worldwide soon enough no i know i'm just saying i'm saying right now um we're on the rat can we
can we wrap up the show with talking about phil mickelson sure absolutely you have anything else
let me check let me check my game notes here let me just yeah let me just make sure there's nothing
else uh all right you got any other lists you want to try uh top five uh we're gonna save twinder uh twinder yeah tinder the
tinder swindler and the kanye doc we'll get to later um when you're at disney we're gonna talk
about disney adults i suppose we can save that for later they're gonna get their own compound
we could talk about uh matt stafford yeah that whole situation was a bit of a shit show so a woman photographer
fell off the stage in front of matt stafford and a horrible look for him you know i'm not
he was definitely drinking all day and you know he's not about he doesn't have his wits about
himself and but he sees this woman fall and just like immediately like turns around kind of like
oh my god what just happened?
And then you see his wife basically run into the camera footage.
Well, nobody knew when they saw the video.
I didn't that the woman I think she broke her neck or back back.
A couple of couple of back.
So just an awful situation where no doubt I think Matthew Stafford, if if you could ever do it again isn't isn't making
that look and turning his back to this person that obviously was in need of help but when you're
celebrating a title it's like you have so many things going on i'm not really making excuses but
i i can see how it happened if you know what i mean and he was pickled that he's not pickled a
lot of the time and he just made a dumb move and his worst moment got captured on video and
then the result that had nothing no bearing and his doing was the if she would have got up and
walked away and nothing would have came of it nobody probably would have said a word other
than like a couple people bad semantics is that we say semantics optics optics what's semantics
where'd that one come from well we'll worry about it later so yeah wait
proceed so you you know that was just that was just kind of the story and and i felt so bad for
the woman and and the staffords came out and i think they said they're gonna help pay her medical
bills which is you know really nice to them um but he was catching so much heat where it was kind
of like oh i don't know this is a little different circumstance than it would be
to have you see someone next to you just like fall down
and you could tell they're in pain.
I don't know if he didn't understand how far she fell down,
but the amount of people that kind of got on Twitter
and were really attacking him, I was a little surprised at.
Well, I mean, the story didn't end there.
I'm sure you heard what happened after, right?
Yeah, I don't think he knew where he was that day. Yeah, but they said they're going to pay her bills. And then, of course, this story didn't end there. I'm sure you heard what happened after, right? Yeah, I don't think he knew where he was that day.
Yeah, but they said they're going to pay her bills.
And then, of course, this is the Internet and Twitter.
So somebody did a Twitter search on this lady.
I don't know.
She looks like she might be in her mid to late 20s.
Whit has no clue.
And she had, you know, 10, 12-year-old tweets
with offensive language and jokes.
And I don't, you know, everyone's like,
oh, she's racist, homophobic, whatever. It's like, Oh, she got tweeted.
Yeah. Oh, it's like, all right.
This girl was might've been a teenager when she said stupid shit on Twitter.
Like, you know, like they just talking like, you know,
is it, is it stupid shit or is it bad? She was using, it wasn't great.
She wasn't, she wasn't using the hot end bomb.
She was saying that the soft one and i think in a social way that
white people sometimes do but not they shouldn't do it on twitter i think it was that case i'm
not defending her that was my take on it she wasn't like calling people racist terms she was
talking to people that she knew and calling them that word which it just like it was just like
insane that this whole situation ends up like getting this person canceled. It's just like a  it was just like an insane way for the Super Bowl to end.
She's in the hospital with a catheter in her body,
and all of a sudden she's got people just looking to bury her for
Now she needs a bodyguard like in Scarface.
I don't know.
What was it?
The Staffords aren't paying her medical bills anymore.
That's the world we live in, though.
But you know what?
If you just do this, it all goes away.
Because so much of this shit is just online bullshit.
If you actually don't live in that world, you don't deal with it.
So let's talk about Mickelson.
More crazy, nutty shit.
Oh, my God, guys.
And for non-golf fans, I still think you know who Phil Mickelson is.
Lefty.
The man who's made a career as one of the greatest golfers of all time.
Six majors.
Four Masters championships.
Or maybe three.
I think it's three.
Excuse me.
Doesn't matter.
He's got a PGA.
He finally grabbed a British Open.
And then he grabbed a PGA last year.
He hasn't really done anything in a while.
He's 50 years old.
He can play champions towards events now.
Well, Phil decided to go out and completely ruin his legacy.
And for non-golf fans, I don't know if you've really heard the rumblings of Saudi Arabia's backing and behind a new golf league.
I think they're calling it the Saudi Golf League or something like that,
where it's 14 events.
I think 10 of them are in the United States.
They're offering huge paydays.
And crazy enough, as we've been recording this Sunday,
basically everything's falling apart.
But Phil Mickelson's been spearheading this.
And my biggest grief,
and we can talk about the money and where it comes from in terms of blood
money. And I need to address a couple of people who came at me on Twitter.
We could talk about that,
but my biggest beef the whole time is some of these guys have been speaking
on. It's been Mickelson. Bryson said a couple of things.
The guy, Charlie Hoffman complained last week at the waste management,
Phoenix open about a
ruling that he had that he didn't agree with and then in the post on instagram said this is why
other guys want to play for another tour just like absolute bullshit and my biggest thing is instead
of attacking the tour and saying how horrible the pga tour is mind you the pga tour that phil
mickelson's made 96 million dollars on 96 million and he says it's a greedy corrupt not corrupt 96 million on. 96 million.
And he says it's a greedy, not corrupt, horrible tour and blah, blah, blah.
None of these guys have just come out and said, I want the money.
I want the money.
That's what it is.
They want the money.
They're going to get big paydays.
They've come out and they've tried to make it like, oh, I'm doing this because the tour is so unfair.
And I'm doing this because the players, they deserve more.
And mind you, I'll say there are beefs with the PGA Tour that are legit.
First off, being their app.
Their app's a fucking joke.
But players on the tour and top end players have the opinion where they don't necessarily
get paid the amount of money they should.
And what I mean by that is a guy like Rory McIlroy is one of the best players in the
world.
But when he goes to a tournament, he's not guaranteed 1.
He's actually could lose money if he misses the cut.
He's paying for his travel and all that.
So in a sense, so many people are going to watch the top players in the world that it's
in some of their eyes almost unfair that they don't have a couple guaranteed guaranteed deals
now they make so much money off the course so obviously there's there's that that goes along
with it but Phil Mickelson has decided to ruin his legacy and going all in on the tour and Saudi
Arabia and he had some recent tweets so a guy Alan Ship Alan Shipnuck, who is a golf writer, he is writing a biography,
which is not a biography that Phil's given his okay to.
I don't know if there's a different word for a biography.
Yeah, autobiography is usually when you do one on yourself.
No, no, no.
It would be unauthorized.
Unauthorized, yeah.
So it is called Phil,
the rip-roaring and unauthorized biography of golf's most colorful superstar.
So. In that, Phil was able to give him a sit down about the Saudi League recently.
And let me find the quotes here. Phil said that he called the Saudis authorities very scary.
He called them scary motherfuckers, actually.
Saudi's authorities, very scary.
He called them scary motherfuckers, actually.
He talked about that he knows and everyone knows that they killed Washington Post journalist Jamal. Is it Khashoggi, R.A.?
I'm not sure it's Khashoggi, Khashoggi.
Either way, they killed him.
Yeah, they killed him.
He said, we know they have a horrible record on human rights because Saudi Arabia kills people for being gay.
They execute people over there for being gay.
Knowing all this, why would I ever consider it?
Because this is a once in a lifetime opportunity to reshape the PGA Tour.
Like, are you fucking kidding me?
Ninety six million dollars this goons made.
And I actually have heard from reliable sources that play professional golf
phil mickelson is fucking despised he's a phony he's a fraud he does the stupid thumbs up he's a
clown and to ruin the legacy that he has over over backing saudi-based money and golf leagues
and ripping on the tour it's like what are you? It seems like he's having a midlife crisis.
I'm not even kidding.
And while we're recording today, Bryson DeChambeau and Dustin Johnson
were considered two of the guys that were really considering making the jump
and had some top players made the jump.
You were looking at something that could be a different scenario.
They were offering ridiculous amounts of money.
Rumors of 150 million for bryson guaranteed money and
and they both came out today and released statements that they're not they're not a
part of it and uh rory mcelroy had some crazy quotes about phil just uh basically calling him
selfish just the list goes on and on you can look up, the words he called Phil, and it's like, man,
this guy who's been known to have gambling issues,
maybe he's hurting on money, even having made that much money.
I don't know.
But in the end, you're looking at a guy who will really,
I don't think, ever be looked at the same again.
He's already said he's not playing on the PGA Tour anymore, and it's kind of a sad ending to somebody who should, for the next 20 years of his life, hitting the ceremonial tee shot at the Masters.
The Golf Club Seminole, a legendary, amazing club in Juneau Beach or Jupiter, Florida.
They've already said he's not welcome at this year's pro member.
I mean, he burned bridges to the umpteenth degree.
And that tour is going to be dead now.
I don't even know what they do if they got Ian Poulter and fucking Phil Mickelson leading the charge.
It's like you need some young guns to get something going.
And it's just it's a crazy thing to see him side with like Saudi and what's going on in that country.
And I'm sorry I'm speaking for so long.
Me addressing the people who have said, yeah, you played in Russia.
I'm speaking for so long me addressing the people who have said, yeah,
wait, you played in Russia.
You were willing to overlook Russia's horrible behaviors and, and acts of atrocities to make some money.
I haven't even completely come out and said,
I would a hundred percent blame guys who need the money.
I'll say this about me going to Russia. It was, it was my, it was like,
I didn't really have any other options, right?
Like this wasn't me
leaving the nhl while i'm still a big part of it to go to russia yeah i'm like you're saying
like one one dynamic of the argument is is about like where the money's coming from like that's
not the whole scope of the argument you're saying like yeah but like the team i was affiliated with
like i don't it's like you you didn't know what where the money was coming like it's it's such a horrible example it's just like it's like
biz let me ask you like it's a horrible example for them to throw your face shambo like if you're
if you're offered 150 million but it was it was saudi blood money like that's why i'm not even
gonna i wouldn't really blame if you want to take the money take it be honest about it though yeah no no i would i i mean christ dude i wouldn't be the guy on twitter
shaming him or anything no i wouldn't i also wouldn't be the guy to do it like given with
what like what would you say de chambeau was making a year on the pga with endorsements and
everything like just let's just say 30 million a year.
I bet you Bryson makes 15, 20 a year.
It's a morals versus money thing.
I mean, like, how you would want to have anything to do with that regime,
the fucking dictators.
Like you just said, though, women just started driving in that country,
what, fucking five years ago?
I mean, think about that.
They just started to let women drive five fucking years ago 10 years whatever it lost 15 years even they they it's illegal to be gay and we haven't
even gotten to the fucking burying the lead here like this country had a lot like 19 what was it
90 of the hijackers in 9-11 with saudis there's fucking evidence that government people gave
money to these guys this it's like of all the countries to fucking jump in bed with financially.
Why would you do that?
If you do, then, yeah, you are a sellout, I think.
Well, I mean, he pretty much admitted it, too.
He goes, they're bad motherfuckers.
He said it in his interview, right?
Yeah, they murdered journalists.
And one component, too, like you said, 96 million on tour.
Would you probably say that Mickelson's probably brought in four to five
hundred million in his life oh oh I think Phil Mickelson's made 300 million dollars and then
you talked about the gambling problem you'd like to the extent of what like what is he betting half
a million dollars a million dollars on a game I I it could it could be more I mean I I think he's
known as like a crazy gambler and And if you're betting high stakes,
it's,
it's,
it's insane as it sounds.
It doesn't really matter how much money you make.
I mean,
you can fucking lose it.
Gambling is,
is a risky business,
dude.
And when you're with somebody that has this much money and they're
chucking money around,
I mean,
I don't know.
This is all kind of like.
Substantiated reports That he has certain issues
It's just more about how he's completely ruined
His legacy
Yeah you're saying that could be a component to him
Kind of going off the deep end about trying to secure this bag
On the way out of a 400 million dollar career
Yup
Alright now that's fucking nuts
Thanks for breaking it down
Yeah I don't know if I did a great job
But I'm trying to kind of show that,
you know,
you can think the tour is unfair with some things they do,
but it's a little different than just getting a lifetime ban by leaving and
starting this new startup Saudi golf league.
It's like,
what the fuck are we talking about here?
Let's start our own.
Dustin,
we'll offer you some Peter Millar merch.
We have some, we have some tailor-made balls. we'll offer you some peter millar merch uh we have some uh we have some
tailor-made balls we'll get you tell them we'll get them the new carbon wood i just got one sent
here the other day when i haven't even opened it yet have you have you tried this thing i have not
i have not okay i'm looking for we'll offer you one of those and uh we got some g can we throw in
some chicklets teas in there too maybe a couple couple of ball markers, maybe some birdie juice can never go wrong with a little.
We'll get them a pink Whitney package too.
So Dustin, that's a, that's the offer on the table right now as we speak.
And we won't kill any people covering the event as well.
Like the Saudis do.
Oh my God.
Okay.
If I could call it a great way to end the episode.
Yeah.
Call it out. That's a great way to end the episode. Yeah. Call it out.
Hey, boys, I want to thank you for doing this on a Sunday to allow me to attend Disney tomorrow.
Anytime.
All listeners, we love you guys.
Thank you so much.
And we'll be chatting with you in a week.
Peace.
Hey, go to the Super Soaker ride, Whit.
It's the new attraction at Disney World.
As always, we like to thank our terrific sponsors here on Spit and Chicklets.
So, huge thanks to our friends over at Pink Whitney in New Amsterdam Vodka.
Big thanks to our new friends at Dodge.
Learn how to do some donuts with them.
Huge thanks to our friends at Masterworks.
Check them out if you're looking to get some investments in.
Big thanks to our friends over at Mattress Firm.
Check them out if you're in the market for a new bed.
Outstanding service.
Big thanks to our friends over at Peter Malar for keeping us looking sharp on the golf course.
And a big thanks to our friends over at Sling TV.
Check them out if you're looking to cut the cord.
Have a great weekend, everybody.
