Hey, Spittin' Chicklets listeners, you can find every episode on Apple Podcasts,
Spotify, or YouTube. Prime members can listen ad-free on Amazon Music.
Hello, everybody.
Welcome to episode 376 of Spittin' Chicklets, presented by Pink Whitney.
For my friends at New Amsterdam Vodka here in the Barstool Sports Podcast family,
lots of big milestones in the last week we got to get to. We had a coach toss for the first time in about four years.
A double hat trick over the weekend.
Tons more to get to.
Let's check in with the fellas first.
Mikey Granelli, you all recuperated from Vegas?
I know it's been a while.
I haven't seen you for a bit.
All recuperated and super happy
because R.A.'s got himself a new mic,
which makes my job a bit easier.
So I'm happy.
But also some people may be asking,
why is Granelli wearing a Danbury Trashers jersey?
Because we just released a ton more
Danbury Trashers merch in the Barstool store.
So go there right now and buy it. New new mic how about the new couch on the guy yeah well this this is a loner i still didn't get my recliner but i i dug out the halo light he sent me ages ago i bought a
couple new rugs to suck up the echo and uh he said he said it works so i'm getting used to it
because you know i've been doing it so long the same way and it's like it gets in your head you
know what i mean it's a new mic i'm not used to holding it i'm. I've been doing it so long the same way, and it's like it gets in your head. It's a new mic. I'm not
used to holding it. I'm in a different position and shit.
I'll be good.
I'll be good. I would hope so.
What you just described isn't exactly crazy.
You sit in a different seat. You're holding a
different mic, and there's a light in your face.
Dude, I do math in my head all day, guy.
I'm doing my OCD fucking
tendencies. What do you mean you do math
in your head all day? When I was a kid, I would just like do not numbers in my head until like the answer
come out with like an eight.
Man, I had fucking.
Yeah.
Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa.
Are you?
Are you?
Are you saying you're a number savant?
Have you?
No, I know.
I was like, no, you mean basic math?
No, I do.
I just I think I had like before I was called OCD and that shit.
I probably definitely had as a kid because I yeah, I would just do like if I saw numbers,
I would add them up and I'd keep multiplying until the answer had an eight in it.
So when I used to call myself the math guy in the end, if you saw like the number four
and the number three, you'd go to seven and then you'd have to multiply it until you got
the eight in the end.
Well, it just didn't answer.
So like seven times 14 and 1428. Boom.
And then, you know,
I'm off to the next level.
Not a big deal. Holy shit.
Gunslinger over here.
No, it was like a whatever. It's something
with my brain because it stopped at a certain point.
But like, yeah, I used to be at a
weird fucking place.
I think the marijuana probably ended up making
that stop. But I love the new boner coach
and I love the shades and I love the new mic and it's kind of a new RA love the new loaner couch, and I love the shades,
and I love the new mic, and it's kind of a new RA,
even though everything's kind of rented.
So shout out to you, buddy.
Actually, I should say a loaner.
When my old man moved, he didn't want to take it, so I took it.
Because I was still waiting on mine.
I just needed a couch.
I still haven't got it.
Ordered it in November.
Still hasn't gotten here yet.
So I needed something to sit on.
And I looked like shit, so I threw the shades on.
I see the AC or the heat in the background.
Does that have to be ending in a number eight?
That's funny, dude.
You know what?
If I'm going to, like, in the high 60s, I'll put it on 68,
but if I'm feeling a little frisky, I'll put it on 69.
But usually I do put it on 68.
When I put the volume on my TV, I don't put it on an even number.
It's always on an odd number.
It's always on an even number.
Aside from getting the show all ready to go, R.A.,
what else have you been up to in the last week since we last talked?
Not much, man.
I just kind of took it easy.
I didn't go out this week.
I went down and watched some hockey games.
I didn't drink, really.
I kind of been taking it easy, just kind of chilling, relaxing. I didn't go out this week. I went down and watched some hockey games. I didn't drink really. I kind of been taking it easy, just kind of chilling, relaxing.
What did I do? Oh, I wrote a couple, the blog, Jason Robinson blog.
We'll get to that in a little bit. The John Belushi stuff,
his anniversary was the other day. He was like a comic hero of mine,
but no, I just kind of relaxed and just kind of chilling,
giving a little mental break, you know?
So he died extremely young then. How old was he when he passed?
33 years old and he was
oh my god he was only that young yeah yeah that was like but he was big into the he was big into
like the hard drugs right oh yeah yeah i mean speedball he died yeah he was just like and i
just reckless he stopped once in a while then he just he just couldn't end up stopping but i mean
he was animal house blues brothers saturday night live he was he was the king man he was what exactly is speed is it like a mix of coke with something ball speed ball
yeah it's coke and heroin like why are you laughing grinnell sorry oh i don't know every
fucking drug in the in the drug tree in the ra drug tree i've never people so i've never never
done dope that's when i'm not gonna copy copy that shit. You ever done blades? Blades?
What are they?
I think when you,
when that's the Bruins,
uh,
mascots.
Yeah.
Oh,
nevermind.
Yeah.
Hey,
uh,
you had a pretty busy week though.
I think since we last talked,
you went on busing with the boys.
Well,
at least that episode was released,
uh,
over two hours,
uh,
tons of feedback from that.
Some hilarious stories.
I'm pretty sure most of which
everybody who listens to this podcast has heard was there one that they ended up drawing out of
you that you'd completely forgotten about and then you ended up telling i don't even really
remember the interview as of now i mean i remember being there and everything and a lot of people are
like you were loaded i had two beers with my brother and then went over there so all right i
feel kind of like you i I'm getting ultra sensitive.
I was dead sober pretty much.
But the interview was awesome.
Those guys have such a good setup.
I don't remember any stories that I told that haven't been discussed on this, which is kind of funny because you go on other podcasts and you feel like such an idiot because if fans of Chicklets went and listened, you're like, oh, my God, they're probably like, shut up.
I've heard this story 15 times.
Fucking Aldo again.
Aldo did not come home.
Well, you have to tell it for every store there was at the West Edmonton Mall.
So he's probably actually still under the number here.
Yeah, exactly.
And I think that when that finished, I knew it was fun
because we just were laughing the entire time.
Great guys.
They got a great setup.
So that was a lot of fun.
And then I went on this week's Barstool Chicago does the dog walk snake draft.
Every Monday they drop it.
This was my second appearance.
I have gone on and dominated those four guys now twice.
And it's almost to the point where they shouldn't even have me on again because I'm coming on.
I'm making them all look like fools and then just outdraft in the whole city of Chicago in one hour.
So I had a blast doing it. It was douchebag moves,
which was kind of brought about in a different way
because you kind of could say like an asshole move
is the same thing as a douchebag move.
Like I didn't really understand the difference
if there is one, but I went on
and you go give it a listen, everyone.
Barstool, Chicago, dog walk Monday.
And I think you'll agree
that I really did shove those four in a locker,
which is pretty much what everyone's done to White Sox Dave his entire life,
a little midget.
So the category was already picked.
Were the scumbag moves already on the list, which you can draft them?
Or you had to think about it?
Yeah.
I actually think, I'm not even joking, you made five picks each,
and it was anything.
There's not on the board.
You come with the picks, right?
So douchebag moves.
So my douchebag moves where I went taking your dog for a walk and not
picking up his shit, which RA has brought up a ton and grinds his gears.
My other, my other one was, my other one was, Oh, this is pathetic.
I can't even like think of it or all of them right now.
And one of them was when you get up, when the airplane.
You land and then the seatbelt life goes off so it's time to get up right they've opened the door where you're going to be able to exit the plane everyone knows there's some people who get up and
like try to run ahead for like aisles to just get like a little extra room and i also mentioned if
it's somebody who's looking to catch a connecting flight it doesn't count just i've seen people do
this all the time it It completely drives me insane.
I did this like four days ago and I can't even think of my other three
picks.
Yeah,
man,
you're,
you're,
you're losing a little bit.
Now I've experienced one of the things that RA has also mentioned on
the podcast recently when I was flying to Atlanta,
by the way,
can I get a little intro?
All right.
Yeah.
Next up is a boy,
Paul business.
Can I get a little intro, R.A.? Yeah.
Next up is our boy, Paul Biznasty.
I was pretty...
It's actually happened back-to-back pods now.
I was a little critical of your comments about having cats on planes.
Well, sure shit.
Two fucking cats on my plane coming here.
But I sent the videos to the group chat.
Those things, I don't know if i'm
beginning to think that the altitude fucks with them in a sense you know when your ears get all
plugged up yeah they can't they can't unpop them they can't they can't chew gum they can't like
suck on some candy in order to pop them so all of a sudden they just start meow meow meow meow
non-fucking-stop so i don't think there's a solution
of putting them underneath because if you put the cats underneath next thing you know they're
taxidermied when they're coming out because they're they're done so i don't know what they're
going to do as far as regulations but if you're not going to allow dogs to fly on planes i think
there's not a chicken dicks chance they should allow cats to fly on but dogs can fly on planes
the little ones can i think that they've, really cracked down on the fact that dogs,
because everybody was going to their, what do you call a doctor,
an animal doctor?
Yeah, but my-
A vet.
A vet, a veterinarian.
What are those animal doctors called?
Sometimes they get caught on words.
I can't even remember.
I can't even remember my douchebag draft.
But my in-laws, they just took their dog Lulu on the plane the other day,
home to Boston from Florida.
It's a little dog, but they have the carrier,
and it's not an emotional support or whatever you call those.
I think what has happened is people were abusing where you could go into the vet
and get the special written permission, and everybody's got a friend who's a vet.
So everybody all of a sudden has been flying with their pets.
So some airlines have cracked down and saying that they legitimately have to
be some sort of support animal from maybe like somebody who's lost their
sight or somebody who, you know, maybe for whatever reason, RA.
People, there's, you can go on websites and order a thing.
And it's like, it says, oh, like,
emotional support dog, but that's not a medical thing.
Like, the only ones that aliens
have to abide by under the
ADA, Americans with Disabilities Act, like guide
dogs, like people who genuinely need them
if they've been there, trained dogs, not someone that
ordered a fucking 10 bracelet and put it on a
chihuahua and says, I can't fly without it.
People just, yeah, they take advantage of it.
I mean, I would probably do the same thing if I had a dog i wouldn't want to put on the meat but that's right
the solution is simple just animal flights that's all if you fly on an animal get on an animal
flight there's enough fly with them one more thing that grinds my gears is uh no cannabis
it's not legalized in the state of georgia so i'm i'm on a little bit of a dry spell i'm going to
set out the bat signal kind of like ra does if anybody's in the atlanta area if you could help me oh yeah i'm sure that's a real tough place to get
weed yeah there's 4 000 wrappers per every square mile uh also also my quick thing about cats if you
want to do what's right and you have a cat just take the thing and throw it off the top of a
building they're the worst animals in the world. Get rid of it.
It's absolute dog shit. If you have a cat, I'm telling you right now,
you got serious issues. If you're a cat owner.
Exactly.
What if I need to find a bunch of rapper buddies,
maybe get me some beats and start spitting some hot fire. Cause maybe,
maybe I could come up with our own little rap. So, I mean,
the PMT boys came out with a rap.
I'm pretty sure Atlanta where the players play i'm sure you can find some weed any day your
biz nasty what biz nasty who go get that stuff and smoke it to your woohoo that's kind of like
i've actually gone i'm i'm on i'm on day six of no marijuana and i feel wow i feel bad for you
no i just like i was just like i wasn't even is that why you're whispering this whole episode on day six of no marijuana and I feel great. Wow. I feel bad for you. No,
I just like,
I was just like,
I wasn't even,
is that why you're whispering this whole episode?
No.
So funny reason why I'm whispering.
I am right now. I'm in the office of a certain legend.
His name's Terry Tedeschi,
my good friend,
Bill Ryan,
and my good friend,
Chris Donnelly.
They married sisters,
Nina Tedeschi and her sister, Lee Tedeschi. Well, their names are
now Nina Ryan and Lee Donley. Those are my buddy's names. But the family, the Tedeschi family, they
live in Fort Lauderdale in the winter. So my internet hasn't been working at the house. I
rented the biggest piece of shit house in the state of Florida. And that's including the city
of Daytona. It's a disgrace. And so I finally
had the internet come over and get fixed. I did the dog walk snake draft. It worked great. I go
to sign on today. It doesn't work. So I called Terry and kind of a panic. I said, Terry, I need
internet right now. Can I come over? He's the nicest human being in the world. He said, yeah,
come on over. I got an office. Well, I came over to the office, but his son, his son, Terrence,
he's here with his kids. So I'm whispering. I'm kind of like, I don't want to keep it.
There's doors. It's just like, well, it's not nap time. It's 6 13 his kids so I'm whispering I'm kind of like I don't want to keep everyone there's doors it's just like well it's not nap time it's 6 13 p.m but I'm I am whispering a little bit to try to hold my own and not get kicked out of this beautiful house
oh yeah wait till we get to the Leafs chatter
no motherfucker I'm gonna fucking kill you just like oh they're like having a dinner party in
there um that's pretty much all I got I'm in Atlanta for the next month I'm going to fucking kill you. Just like, oh, they're like having a dinner party in there.
That's pretty much all I got.
I'm in Atlanta for the next month.
I'm really happy to be here. And now that they're doing the Sunday broadcast for TNT,
I can't be doing four trips cross country.
I've been, I'm not going to lie, boys.
The travel's been kicking me in the dick a little bit.
So I'm excited to be here for the next month.
My girl's coming in, bringing Lloyd and he's not being a game.
Are you at a hotel or did they put you up in a, like a, I don't like an
apartment or something?
No, I rented a house just like that.
I'm hoping the wifi is good.
They they've insured me that it's great.
So, uh, we won't be having any issues like maybe potentially being late to
sign on for a Dustin Johnson interview.
Oh, I mean, we'll get to interview oh i mean we'll get to that interview
later we'll get to that interview later boys we got boys and girls whoever's listening um the
funny thing that happened to me this week was so the golf cart we have a golf cart with the rental
house it's the only good thing about the rental house seats two four six seats like eight people
too no six i think so it's a blast because i just drive around everywhere because it has the license
but you can drive it anywhere in fort lauderdale. I haven't been in my car. I just drive the golf
car. So the other day we had myself, my wife, our two kids, my buddy, Mike Shaw, his wife,
and then their daughter, Joey. And we're all driving to dinner and my mom and we're all
driving and we're at a stoplight. And these two girls who I'm guessing were 21, although now
girls who are 21 look like 15 to me.
I guess that shows how old I'm getting.
But they're like, is that Ryan Whitney?
I'm like, what the fuck?
What the fuck?
And they're like, I'm like, you guys hockey fans are like, no, we're pink Whitney fans.
I was like, oh, my God.
It was on the corner in Fort Lauderdale by the sea.
And it's spring break.
I was like, oh, geez, back in the day, this would have been a time.
But I was shocked i was shocked to get recognized by a couple teeny boppers who were crushing the pink hey hey you've come a long way man from getting pigeon tossed from by fudge kid
to to 21 year old smoke shows recognize you in your golf cart man so you know a little round of
applause for the whip dog you don't think you don't think Fudge Kid's planning something else for me?
He's probably like 16 by now, by the way.
Yeah.
Biz, I actually forgot one thing I did do last week before I kind of took it easy.
I went to the movies and saw The Godfather.
They were doing a 50th anniversary show for like a week.
I never saw it in the theater, so I went and checked out The Godfather in the theater.
I mean, I've seen it fucking 38 times.
It's incredible. Number two is the best movie of all time. Good. I mean, I've seen it fucking 38 times. It's incredible.
Number two is the best movie of all time.
I like two better.
Yeah, a lot of people do.
And I wouldn't, I don't argue it.
It's like, you know, either or.
But you like one better?
Yeah.
Yeah.
I mean, it's like, it's not, I'm not going to die on either hill.
They're both fucking fantastic movies.
And you're a guy who will die on some crazy ass.
Yeah.
Oh, yeah.
Some shit grinds my gears, boys.
You know that.
Wait, you just mentioned that Dustin Johnson, the world famous golfer.
We got, we got some time with him earlier in the week or last week or
whatever it was. And we also have the budding superstar of the Dallas stars,
Jason Robertson, back-to-back hat-trick this weekend.
Get his unreal. What do you have? A hundred and a hundred points in his first
hundred and one games on an absolute tear.
So we were able to get some time with him a while back.
We're going to get to them a little bit later.
I just want to let you know what's coming. What do you got, Biz?
And may I remind everyone, we had him on, I would say, about what,
10 days to two weeks ago.
So this is, in fact, a chicklets bump with the back-to-back Hatties.
We got him on before.
We didn't get to talk about that, but had a great conversation
with this young up-and-comer, and we're excited.
Jam-packed episode with the interview, so we just got to bring the noise now.
Absolutely. Well, we're at the sports doldrums a little bit this time of year.
The weather kind of sucks in this neck of the woods.
So cheer yourself up by heading over to your local bar and snagging some Pink Whitney.
It's the premier pink lemonade flavored vodka on the planet.
So go out and get some. The fine Pink Whitney.
One of the main sponsors in G, I'm going to throw it over to you.
I don't think you've ever been this excited for,
for videos to come out on our YouTube channel.
Yeah. The big deal selects the we we've dropped the vlog this past week and it
did. It was awesome.
A biz and Pasha sneaking down to the NHL, sneaking down to the locker rooms,
but we have the big deal selects video coming next week.
And I can't stress enough how good of a job our video editor,
Sean Apuzzo, did on this.
It's unlike any type of video we've ever really dropped before.
The production level is just 10x what we've done.
It's kind of like a sandbagger, but hockey version, but ball hockey,
because just with all the mics, all the different cameras.
So that's going to be releasing next week.
So we're super excited for that.
Yeah, we got two episodes.
And the good news is it's not a sandbagger, so it won't be all edm songs that were edited by pasha so if you're if
you're if you like music other than edm and uh who's the one fucking group he's always uh putting
in their songs like that zachariah he loves zachariah is it is it a is it a are people
messing with me who write me what's the song on the sandbaggers is
that like an inside joke to viewers no some of them like the the i'm trying to think of the band
he's always uh well because it's because a lot of the music we get we get made custom music so when
people go to search this music or they shazam it or whatever they can't find it because it's custom
made just for the sandbaggers not a big deal okay okay all right
so yeah but i always thought like i'm like how are so many people asking about what the song is
what's this music but i understand now they're just interested in kind of our into our beats
that are rocking those golf shots oh i'm back i'm back played the other day shot 75 the next day or
two days later i shot 76 kind of striping it and here here's the thing. I don't want to ruin this.
I am rolling the rock like I've never putted before in my life.
Come on.
Buddy, because I couldn't do anything for three months,
but I could putt after like a month and a half.
I'm feeling the weight of the club head.
I'm not leaving putts short, and I'm canning 10-footer after 10-footer
after 10-footer.
Made five birdies the other day.
Like, I think something's happened with my putter.
So let's get ready for the next sandbagger whenever we are recording again.
I'm horned up.
Ooh, should be coming soon.
Rufus the Soul is the guy that I was thinking of for the artist.
So all these kids are more so into the EDM.
So the next sandbag is going to be sponsored by Ecstasy.
Is that what you're trying to say?
Yeah, a little molly.
A little Dolly Parton.
Not my speed.
No judging, though.
Hockey date in Canada slash Saturday night this week,
there's an unreal slate of games.
But more importantly, there were some huge milestones
by some legendary NHLers.
First, we're going to go to Toronto, Big Shaka.
Wayne Simmons played his 1,000th NHL game versus Vancouver.
Congratulations to the Wayne train.
Big milestone for him.
He's in his 14th season.
Had no right wing.
He's been a model player and a beloved teammate everywhere he's been.
Six teams.
I didn't realize he was on six teams until I looked it up.
LA, Philly, Nashville, Jersey, Buffalo, and obviously Toronto.
Not to mention, but as tough as nails.
Pretty damn skilled, too.
30 goals a couple times. It was pretty cool. All the teammates had the Wayne train as nails, pretty damn skilled too. 30 goals a couple of times.
It was pretty cool.
All the teammates
had the Wayne train shirts on
walking around the locker room
before the game.
Also, too,
he's the fifth black player
to play at least a thousand
NHL games
joining Jerome McGinley,
Mike Greer,
Trevor Daly,
and Donald Brashear.
It's like, you know,
the NHL has been,
I think, 105 years.
That's five guys.
I would say that number
will double in like
the next 15 to 20 years.
I would think, you know, the progress that's been made in that regard.
You hope so?
Yeah, absolutely.
We all hope so.
I mean, I think it'll happen.
But anyways, Biz, you know Wayne Train.
What do you got for us?
I mean, what's there left to be said?
I mean, everybody knows what this guy brings to an NHL lineup.
I think he's going to be most remembered for his time in Philadelphia
where, you know, he played that smashed mouse style of game,
unbelievable on the walls, a great teammate,
worked relentlessly on and off the ice to keep his game
to where it has been for, I mean, a thousand games now.
And just, you know, just that good net front presence.
That's where he scored most of his goals in the dirty areas,
taking that punishment.
And, you know, obviously Toronto needed to add some toughness and a guy in the dirty areas taking that punishment and uh you know obviously Toronto
needed to add some toughness and a guy in the locker room with his type of leadership and he's
definitely provided that over the the tenure you like that uh that he's been there so I mean I'm
really happy for the guy I actually was able to spend a little bit of time with him when I was
doing those bio steel camps in Toronto when he was training with Matt Nichol and like I said just like so liked in the locker room and uh and just really a pleasant guy to be
around who you know just he's pretty quiet guy just goes about his business gets the work done
and uh I'm really really happy for the guy so congratulations to Wayne Simmons on a thousand
games played in the National Hockey League dog. Yeah. An unreal player.
I have a couple of buddies that just always wanted them on the Bruins.
They were just, I want that guy in the Bruins.
I feel like that was kind of who he was.
Any team he'd play against the fans of that team,
be like, we got to get a guy like that.
Who'd just go to war every single night.
And he'd obviously like make life miserable for the opposing team, but it was more about how good he was offensively
that i think he really blew away his like ceiling when he was drafted i think he was 61st overall i
looked into it he's got over 24 goals six times already mentioned two times he's gotten 30 and
you know he got traded um from la to philly in the mike richards deal as part of that deal and so
mike richards went on to win two Stanley cups in LA.
So you almost feel bad in a sense, a little bit.
And unlike when Kunitz got traded to Pittsburgh for me,
like Pittsburgh probably wouldn't have won the cup.
They definitely wouldn't have won the cup.
If they not gotten Kunitz and gotten rid of me, Simmons is a guy,
they still could have won it, right? He could have,
he could have been on that LA team and been a Stanley cup winner.
He wasn't somebody that was hurting that team,
but they got a center Iceman Richards went on on and and i think you know simmons was perfect perfect for philly
because of the way he played and i was reading an old article uh hartnell was talking about him he's
just farmer strong because if you saw the guy off the ice any fans who've ever seen him he is
rail thin some of the skinniest legs i've ever seen but his balance is so good that hartnell
mentioned uh we've done hockey camps together where you're doing plyometric circuits and
he's just bounding over these things like a gazelle and Hartnell saying,
I'm barely getting over them.
I'm hitting the top and falling down and everything was effortless for him.
A lot of guys look big and strong with their shirt off.
He might not look like that,
but he's definitely as strong as each and every one of those players.
So he's somebody that you saw him fight too.
And he would be willing to go long those toe long arms oh he's caving guys faces in he was with philly uh this is when
haxtall was the coach and he knocked out mcdonough i don't know it was a hit or a punch gave him a
concussion so the next game they're going to msg and he knows what's up and and he uh he ended up
fighting dylan mackle rath i think he caught him with a pretty good right.
He's going off the ice screaming at the MSG crowd.
It was kind of encapsulated like who he was, just so competitive,
played so angry, which is a good thing.
And Toronto brought him in because they were sick of getting pushed around.
He's done a great job there.
It's different now.
He's playing under 10 minutes,
but he's still bringing that veteran leadership where everyone respects the
hell out of him.
So a thousand games is such an amazing thing amazing thing we've talked to every guy every
guy who gets to a thousand games we like to mention it at least talk about him a little bit
and i think fans sometimes are like what the hell it's like until you play the game i shouldn't say
that because there's many fans who understand but if you've played the game you realize a thousand
games deserves like an hour discussion for every guy it is so it is such
a milestone that that the mental and physical grind of it all is it's really indescribable
folks it's it's like i i played 200 games and i feel like i played a thousand let's just put it
that way and we won't even get to the mind aspect it's the least we could do for guys talk about it
for 10 20 minutes on a hockey show. You know, pay their respects.
Well, R.A., so you mentioned how he looks a little bit skinnier,
but the balance aspect is when you think you would have him wind up,
he would get you with a reverse hit that would just, like,
shake you to the absolute core.
So, yeah, that's  so my one on-ice memory of Wayne Simmons
is the game when I ended up fighting when we were up three, one against Philly at home,
and they ended up scoring four unanswered after my fight.
After I got out of the box, you know, you have to fight the boys up.
Buddy, I felt like the biggest loser after the game.
Thank God donor was there to cheer me up. But after that,
so remember you go to the box, you haven't had a shift for probably what,
like 20 minutes in real time.
And it was towards the end of the second.
And I get it on the half wall, try to get it out, turn over.
They ended up going, I was so mad.
I ended up breaking my stick over my knee and I'll never forget.
He was like, he's like, you're a loser.
And then him and Hartnell started chiming in.
Yeah. He's like, Oh, and then Hartner's like, yeah, easy. They're a tough guy. And him and Hartnell will chiming in yeah he's like oh and then hartner's like yeah
easy there tough guy and him and hartner were just beaking me coming off the ice i that was
probably partly as to why i just wanted to crawl in a hole after not only if i can get speed bag
by rose hill we get they score for an answer we lose the game and then i got chirped by simmons
and hartnell combo package so uh yeah that was probably the worst night of my NHL career.
You know what I noticed, too, like looking at his stats and looking up
up until like the last couple of years, how durable he was like, you know,
he played like 90 percent of the games in most of the seasons he was in.
And how he played it is is just remarkable.
But like I said, it goes back.
And that's why I wanted to mention Matty Nickel is Simmons would be there
every single day
doing every single exercise he would never take days off he was so committed to the game in the
offseason and that's why I think it really it has really transferred over not only for Simmons but
for other guys too and I know we're going to get to it later because like there's I'm getting PTSD
from all these thousand game by the way because I think I had to pay for six or seven watches.
So if you're, if you're trying to, if you're struggling getting a stainless steel watch from Rolex, it's probably because the NHL has inflated the prices.
So far this season, we've had Dowdy, Johnson, Simmons, Giordano, Voracek, Louis Erickson, Green, Wheeler.
And there's still five coming up till the end of the season.
Green, Wheeler, and there's still five coming up till the end of the season
hopefully, obviously. Mark Stahl,
Jonathan Taves, Claude Giroux,
Andrew Ladd, and Foligno.
And Jack Johnson too.
Yeah, so I mentioned Johnson.
He was the second one. No, no, no. No worries, buddy.
And we're going to have to get to him
later already. Yeah, yeah.
We still got to get to the Leafs, buddy.
We're in the Leafs. Oh, I thought we were just going to skip
over that and just go through all the thousand game ceremony.
No, no, no.
That's not how we do it.
Actually, go ahead.
It does go to the point of the fact that all the exercising
and training in the offseason,
as opposed to the only ice guys are touching,
was at the bottom of the cooler before these days,
are what I believe the reason that all these guys
and more players moving forward are going to keep hitting that milestone.
So I guess I'll leave it at that,
but congratulations to Simmons and all those other guys that I mentioned.
And what did you have to chime in with? All right.
You good? Do we all set with?
Yeah, I was just going to mention that Saturday night tilt against Vancouver,
where the Leafs blew a lead and gave up six goals again.
But the reason the one thing that stuck out was Simmons on his
1,000th game.
We were in cool to get one.
Spezza, they did a little sick give and go.
And Demko had one of the saves of the season on Simmons in that game.
That last 10 minutes of that game, I felt like a game seven playoff game.
Vancouver was selling out everything.
They would dive in to block shots, block everything.
Because Toronto was outplaying them vastly,
but they just couldn't get the equalizer because of Thatcher Demko, man.
He was absolutely in the zone.
Aces again.
They pulled the goalie with three minutes left.
So I had Vancouver minus one and a half,
so I had to wait until 20 seconds left to get that empty net out.
They were plus 375.
But just the intensity of that game was absolutely insane.
But again, we talked about it last week.
It's starting to get talked about a lot more Toronto's goaltending,
man.
That was an issue,
but I think the defense out front was just as bad with the defense was
brutal.
You know,
they can score with,
with the best of them,
but I don't know about this team defense.
And Steve Daniels,
the Leafs fan,
I like because he knows,
he knows that it's coming.
He knows what's going to happen this year.
Just like I think a high percentage of Leaf fans still know this year
nothing's going to happen.
It's not a team that's built to win.
It is as good of a team offensively as you'll find in the league.
They have one of the best players to ever play hockey right now
in Austin Matthews.
Marner's been a complete magician.
He looks so good.
They just have top-notch forwards who can score, and they're physical up front but they're d i don't know man i do not
know what is going on there and then with the goaltending and busy you're such a joke like
i'm not worried i'm not worried i wasn't worried last week and you put me on the spot i didn't
think you were going to bring it up because it's like well it wasn't that big of a sample size
where at least i thought and everybody goes through goaltending problems and if i were you had worried about your
own fucking oilers so yeah i was a little caught off guard about them but january 1st to now isn't
that small of a sample and they're the worst in the league the worst in the league so goaltending
has become a problem obviously with that 5-1 loss to the sabers on home ice and then followed up by the meltdown against Vancouver.
The goaltending situation has put Dubas in a very, very difficult situation in the next two weeks.
With it all boiling down, in my opinion, on what's going to happen is going to come to the Winter Classic.
Or sorry, the Heritage Classic. or sorry the heritage classic so they got a chance uh coming up here sunday in a matinee to to
rebuttal the sabers performance on home ice in in um at the i guess i was going to say acc but it's
the scotia bank arena um if they get lit up or lose to the buffalo sabers and goaltending's not
good there i would say that a move is imminent is that the word eminent imminent imminent
you mentioned the defense pathetic in front of the net and i think that minnesota's going through
that same problem right now where they're just you know maybe a rebound here rebound there the
stick's not caught up they're not boxing guys out early enough getting muzzin back is going to be
like a deadline acquisition they are missing him so fucking bad right now now there was a tweet that
came out and i'm going to put my conspiracy theory bucket on steve simmons who uh works in trauma
media he ends up tweeting out that mark andre flurry has informed chicago that he is not on
the move now i believe that steve simmons threw that tweet up to convince all the other
teams that flurry is not going to be on the move and dubas might swoop him up with some cap
circumvention or circumcision or whatever the fuck they call it whatever they're doing nowadays
where they could potentially get flower if they do like a three-way three-way deal where they
could get them for maybe like a 1.7 million cap pit and squeeze
flour in there now i'm not saying about two million they're gonna have two million i'm not
saying to do it now i think you got the two-week window you i would sit down campbell and i would
sit down mirazic and say listen clean slate you got two weeks to show me whether you can
fucking pull it together or not and if not would you guys not agree that if if goal pending
is an issue past the deadline and a reason why they end up getting knocked out first round that
it's safe to say that Kyle Dubas this might be his last year as general manager of the Toronto
Maple Leafs so it really sucks and I trust that he's going to end up making the right move but
everything was going so good until the All-Star game.
Everybody was  they were rolling.
They had an incredible record.
And all of a sudden, the wheels are falling off.
And if that's going to be the case, you could count his days as numbered
in Leafland.
So hopefully they get Muzzin back soon.
Fucking shout out to Steve Simmons for probably doing that to make up
for him
uh tweeting out uh austin matthews health records when he ended up getting colvin so that is my
conspiracy theory as to why steve simmons stepped up and said that now since we've been on a tweet
has come up and this is frank cerebelli and i ended up just sending it to the group chat and
i'm gonna find it right here you know what i'm gonna hand it over to you and then I'm going to find it and then read
it when you're done.
I'm going to say your theory is so stupid because there isn't a human being in
the world that wants the Leafs to lose more than Steve Simmons.
I promise you that.
Steve Simmons anyways.
I mean, the fact that we've said the guy's name this many times,
you want them to lose? Oh, sorry. I didn't know that.
I thought you were a guy.
No, he listens to Steve Simmons.
I do. I listen to Steve Simmons. I do.
I listen to Steve Simmons.
Steve Simmons, all that guy wants is the Leafs to lose
because that makes his job so much easier.
Kyle Dubas, if they lose in the first round, see ya.
I actually don't think that's necessarily fair,
and he'd probably have a job in five minutes.
But you lose again in the first round, you're done.
And I'll finish this.
Just to pump R.A. and Grinnellia.
People think I'm a Bruins fan.
I'm not a Bruins fan. I'm not a Bruins fan.
I'm a fan of different players around the league.
The Bruins are right there.
They are two points back of the Leafs.
The Leafs might end up having to face one of the Florida teams in the first round.
They're going to be a wildcard team.
The Leafs might be a wildcard team, Biz.
Who would have thought that was going to be the case?
So the top eight in the Eastern Conference are probably set,
even though Washington sucks right now and columbus has been buzzing but if the leafs end up getting
a wild card seed and then get trounced in the first round by tampa florida we are going to be
laughing our dicks off of our torso for the entire second round i might not even watch the second
round because i'll be so happy from what happened in the first now before i read this tweet grinelli
i feel kind of bad because uh we we released on the YouTube channel that behind the scenes
of the entire Vegas trip, and I ended up bumping in in the tunnel
right before they were heading out for the game
into Jack Campbell and Austin Matthews.
And I mean, why don't you roll it?
Hey, is Wilson on this team?
What's up, boys? How you doing?
I get the double.
Thanks, man.
You need to say to Leafs Nation,
we're going past the first round this year.
We're going on a fucking ride, are we?
Tell the camera.
It's just me today, boys.
Later, right fucking there.
Leafs Nation.
We're going right past the senators guys bunch
of fucking plugs let's go leafs nation they now all jack if you're listening first of all i'm
sorry that i poked you in the chest and i tried to get you to say that we're going past the first
round and you were so modest about it and ever since then the wheels have fallen off but i
fucking believe in you all these idiots all around who follow the NHL,
carving Leafs goaltending,
they weren't on the bus with you eating soggy subs.
I was.
I know the fire that's under your ass
and what you want to prove to these people.
So fucking shove it up their hoop and turn this thing around
and make Kyle Dubas look like the genius that he is.
Now, going back to this tweet I'm about to read out
about the cap circumcision,
I don't
think the flurry situation is far-fetched for one you could use a third party broker as or and chomp
his salary twice so instead of 3.5 it's going to be 1.75 and that becomes immediately more manageable
and that's talking uh flurry to the least possibility. So if flurry ended up going to the Maple Leafs,
I don't even,
I don't even know.
Like my fucking head would explode.
I was so convinced on the last dance theory with him going back to
Pittsburgh without Jari having that playoff experience and him forgetting
to bring his glove to the playoffs last year.
But fuck that
i don't give a fiddler's fuck if he ends up going to pittsburgh i would suck i'm not even gonna say
it i would do nasty shit to get flour with those pearly white chompers in net for the toronto maple
leafs as jack campbell's backup um quickly as we as we kind of finish up the usual Leafs discussion,
which, sorry, folks, it's fun to talk about them.
Yeah.
It drives people nuts.
I do not care.
We do not care.
They are at the center of the hockey world.
They kind of always will be,
and especially when they are considered contenders,
and then this is happening after January 1st.
So take it all in.
If you hate them, enjoy it.
If you love them, start panicking,
because it's going to end ugly
and it's going to end fast.
And quickly to wrap up the other team
on that Saturday night game against Vancouver,
some interesting questions coming out of there
because like, are they going to be sellers?
JT Miller, so many different teams want him,
but now they're in the thick of things.
They got Montreal who's playing great.
Then they got the Devils.
They got the Red Wings.
They got Buffalo.
That's all before the deadline.
So if they continue to win games, they're going to have some decisions.
Are we going to sell off some assets?
Are we going to try to get in?
So that's the other team that ended up whooping Toronto on home ice.
So quickly before I comment on Vancouver,
very big of Steve Simmons to help out the Leafs and throw that tweet up
to help Kyle Dubas to make up for the Austin Matthews thing.
So I'll just mention that quickly.
Going back to the JT Miller thing, i do not think they end up trading him i think that accolini
their owner is in win now mentality he has one more year left on his deal and i would imagine
that they're going to try to re-up him in the summer he has been such a vital piece i was
critical of the move when they made it i I thought that they were rushing the rebuild,
obviously with the way things lie, if they end up missing the playoffs,
it's still one of those situations where I still think that they rushed the
rebuild, but JT Miller has established himself as a very, very,
very good player in the national hockey league.
And now a leader for that Vancouver Canucks team when they've had guys go when
what petterson was struggling early on when you know garland's got gone through some slumps
basically all their guys their top end guys have and that's probably why they're in the situation
they have been if i if i were them i would unless it's an insane package i would try to keep that
guy because he is he is a one-man fucking show out there, Shrum Shiffs.
Yeah, currently four points back.
They've played 57 games.
Predators have two games in hand on them.
But, yeah, I mean, they're right in the thick of it, like you said.
And, yeah, Simmons, he also made up a story about Castle with the hot dogs.
Like somebody went where he said the hot dog stand wasn't.
Like he totally made that up.
They basically figured that out too.
So he needs to answer for that too.
I don't like that.
What else?
Oh yeah.
Austin Matthews, our buddy.
Let's see his 419 points to his first 400 games is a Toronto record.
Mana reached it in 415 games.
So those guys, you know, we're talking about who's the best leaf ever.
Austin just keeps piling up the evidence for you, biz.
Yeah.
Well, we jumped on board
too so uh let's see down in dc uh seattle captain mark giordano played in his 1000th game as well
uh so congrats to geo as well good job brother this guy was never drafted currently in the 16th
season i mean that's an unreal accomplishment to never get drafted play 16 years it makes a lot of
front offices look stupid i'll tell you that you know he actually played in the khl back in the 07 08 season he played a couple games with the flames i don't
know he contracts things was going on so he went to russia flames were notoriously cheap back then
and they tried to hose him on his contract so he said fuck you he went over to russia and the fact
that he was able to come back and have the career that he had and i know i've been double barrel
stroking off the trainers when he ended
up winning that norris trophy he thanked his trainer and said without him that that him being
in the shape that he is it wouldn't have been possible for him to play as long as he had and
that was what three years ago when he won the norris so just the ultimate competitor and ra
i don't know calgary i could you see him going back to Calgary?
I mean, sorry, but it's probably in his court.
I mean, I'm sure they're talking a little bit about it.
If he doesn't want to sign an extension with Seattle,
I'm sure he wants to go get a crack at a ring.
He's 38 years old.
He's not going to get too many more shots at it.
So I would think he would ask for a trade.
And he would probably cost them like a fourth rounder, third round maybe not too expensive and it's it's hard right because obviously there's rumblings
that calgary would be the team tree living loved him uh it probably crushed his soul at the fact
that he had to keep him or make him available excuse me for the expansion draft to bring him
back would probably be something that he would want to do i guess you just got to worry about the fact that they are rolling so good
right now that you just don't want to disrupt what's happening and,
and take ice time at a spot in the lineup for somebody who has earned it for,
for Daryl Sutter. So to go back to just him as a player though, folks, I mean,
we've, we've talked about a many, many times on this podcast,
ultimate competitor, extremely well- well liked by his teammates and i
know that him and luch can absolutely crush pints together he um he went over to russia because
daryl sutter at the time wouldn't give him a one way and he went over and completely proved himself
and proved offensively a little bit and proved to to the entire team like i i'm a player and so to
do that and to take your entire career in your own hands and go over and risk that was a pretty ballsy move.
So he's deserving of all the success he's had,
of the thousand games he's played.
I read an old article.
So he wasn't drafted, Ari mentioned.
He's actually the first and only player to ever win the Norris Trophy
without being drafted, which I thought was pretty cool.
Our boy Commodore was interviewed in this old article I was reading.
So when he's coming out of junior, I think he played for Owen Sound.
He didn't have anything going, and he got invited to a Flames summer camp.
He was actually already, I don't know about enrolled,
but he was already committed to going to play for York University in Toronto,
which is pretty much usually the end of the line.
If you go play junior, you play college after.
Most guys aren't going to play pro hockey
at a real high level after that.
But he goes to the Flame Summer Camp.
He does great.
And he signs a three-way deal.
So he signed a salary in the coast.
Do those even exist anymore?
I don't even think they do.
I was wondering that.
The old three-way.
I remember the three-ways.
Wild things.
But they weren't contracts.
I think he... So what happened was, so he goes,
and that lockout year was his first year.
So he was in Lowell, which was actually split between Carolina and Calgary.
So four defensemen that were under property of the Hurricanes
got to be on the team, and four defensemen under property of the Flames
got to be on the team.
So it was looking like he might get to the East Coast.
He might be starting in Vegas.
And then he went into camp.
And Tom Rowe, who coached me in San Antonio,
actually snapped on me for not cleaning up the hair
after I shaved in the shower when I got healthy scratched in the AHL.
So that was another day.
Scumbag move.
Douchebag move.
Should have been on there.
But he had a bunch of quotes that, like, right away,
he's like, this kid's pretty good.
So Commodore's talking about how, at the time,
he thought he was a little bit overweight.
He's like, this kid's kind of chunky, but moves really well and he kept playing better and better and I guess after being scratched for a little while there was
a game where Commie had some special insoles in his skates kind of like what I wore it sounded like
and he forgot them and he's like he's like I can't play without these and he was going to give it a
go with some normal insoles and I guess Tom Rowe said call me. You're going to play so many games this year.
Don't worry about it.
And in that game, that's when Giordano got into the lineup.
But he pretty much never left.
He played some sick hockey that year.
And he didn't play a ton.
But, you know, he made his impact.
And then the next year, he spent the entire year in the AHL in Omaha,
led the team in scoring, had, I think, 58 points in like 70 games,
lit it up, got seven games with the Flames that year,
ended up going up.
Boom.
Ends up going over to the KHL.
Comes back and does what he does with this ridiculous career.
So it shows that to do what he's done and to get to the level that he's at
after not being drafted and having so many people doubt you,
it's like this fortitude that you have inside where nobody's going to let you
get shut out from your dream and from what you know you can accomplish and he's been the he's exemplified like professionalism
and working till it's impossible to work any harder and he's played some high level hockey
he's fourth on points in seattle he's over 21 minutes a game so you're going to bring him into
a stanley cup contender team whether it's calgary or not i hate to admit it the flames are legit
calgary i mean stanley cup contenders this year so you're gonna bring him in and i don't think he's a top
pair defenseman on a stanley cup winning team but you get him on the second or third pair
he's gonna make an impact for somebody this spring so congratulations to him what a run it's been and
and to read a little bit more about him just google him read some different stories about
how much guys love him how quiet quiet he is, but also confident.
And it's somebody that I think any single kid could look up to
as to have a career the way he did.
No matter what people say about you at certain ages,
you can still get it done yourself.
Well, I mean, not only going back to that insole story,
have you ever had to play a game without insoles in your skates?
Yes.
So folks, yeah. story have you ever had to play a game without insoles in your skates yes oh so folks worst
yeah so you don't get rusty rivets uh from all the sweat and the salty sweat in your skates you
got to take the insoles out and make sure they dry properly yeah and when you forget those and
you got to play without the insoles ra it's a fucking nightmare and when you're a kid and you
do it your parents are get get on the ice who gives a shit about your insoles? They don't give a fiddler's fuck.
Another significant note from that game as well.
The Caps did win that game 5-2.
Ovi's 34th goal of the year was also the 764th of his career,
putting him just two behind the legend, Jaromir Jaga, who's third all-time.
So, Ovi creeping up.
He's going to catch Yaga soon enough.
We got another note for Yaga.
We'll get to that a little bit later.
And then in Columbus, Ohio, the Blue Jackets retired the first number
in franchise history as Rick Nash's 61 was sent to the rafters
of Nationwide Arena before their game with the Bruins.
Congrats to Nash, man.
Great player.
Kit was in the NHL at 18, second season.
He had 41 goals, tied for the Rocket Rashad Trophy. Never saw a was in the NHL at 18 second season he had 41 goals tied for the
rocket Rashad trophy uh never saw a day in the minors first overall in the 0-2 draft and he's
I mean he's the franchise maybe we do think of the Columbus Blue Jackets it's it's Rick Nash so
uh well deserved he's working with the organization now um is what who wants to chime in well I feel
bad because on the broadcast uh when i mentioned uh his uh
mother but it was both of his parents you know he he came from a very blue collar household they
would uh they would do fundraisers whether it was bake sales they would do bingo and gambling nights
just so they could raise enough money so he could travel around and play hockey and and get the gear
so to hear that it was pretty cool um the it was in. It was in the paper in Columbus.
I think it was called the Columbus Dispatch,
and I forget the name of the guy, Brian Hedger maybe,
who wrote the article.
So if you get a chance to go read it, folks, very cool.
It was also cool hearing about his  he grew up a huge Matt Sundin fan,
so when he was playing in the GTHL for the Marlies, same colors.
He had number 13, and then when he got the the junior
they wouldn't allow him to wear it and that was kind of the crazy story about how he ended up
getting his number london knights they had some weird rules with the trainer like they wouldn't
allow you to tape your socks a certain way so for everyone wondering how he ended up getting the
number 61 that that's one of the backstories also but just from his career I mean I just commend him at the
fact that sometimes when you're this superstar player and you're maybe playing with an organization
where you're the guy and you know you get drafted and you start making your impact and all of a
sudden there isn't maybe as much trickle over where more guys are coming in to get you into
playoffs I think through his full eight years there, they made playoffs one time and they ended up getting swept.
So I really commend guys who are willing to stick around
and try to be the difference.
And I think that he stayed there probably as long as he could
with finally he's like, hey, I want to go try to win some games here
and playoffs and get my chance at a Stanley Cup.
And he deserved that.
But through his time in Columbus, the impact he made
in growing hockey alone in the
state of Ohio I mean you talk to Roslevic and all these other guys who eventually made it said that
he was you know he was the guy who inspired him and they watched and wanted to be Rick Nash and
every time you would get it on a breakaway it's like he didn't even miss you know he his execution
around the net when it was just him and a goal he was it was second to
none on breakaways with you look at all these crazy highlight reel goals that he scored and
of all the goals that he scored he said that his his um his favorite one was when he scored a a
game winner when he was at the world championships for team canada of course not making the playoffs
with columbus all those years he had the ability to go over there and win a couple world championships depending on which country it bounced around to so
uh just an incredible career um if anything I felt that ended a little too short I would have
liked to have seen some more years uh but uh like I said those highlight real goals we're not going
to talk about the one against Phoenix but uh you probably even played a little bit more against them growing up
in your NHL career, so you might even have more to say.
I never did growing up.
He's an 84, but we were the same draft because back then it was,
if you went to college, you bumped back a year.
So that draft, I've told the story before,
it was Jay Bollmeister was going to be first overall
for about six years it felt like.
And then draft time came and Columbus and Doug McLean decided to go with nash and biz you you made the best point like he did change hockey in in that
city and and you look at it now they are pumping out fans every single game like the team the team
hasn't been the same they had that awesome run after they beat the lightning a few years back
then they've struggled a little bit but the fans are there and part of that is rick nash so i think when you look
at his career it's like just dominant power forward thoroughbred constantly skating around
with guys hanging on him you know he's strong enough fast enough where he's just like one arm
and defenseman driving to the net making plays he had an assist in boston that was one of the
sickest plays you'll ever see.
You can Google it.
I think he gave it over to Carl Haglund when he was on the Rangers.
Just an amazing player that, like we mentioned,
with so many different hockey guys, I know we pump this sports tires
because that's who we are, but they're the best people in the world,
hockey players.
And he's done so much for charity in Columbus.
And every teammate, you talk to Keith Yandel and Kevin Hayes were with him.
They love him to death. They said he's so modest, modest so quiet yet the game started and he was ready to go
so I love that he got to go over to the Rangers he did go to a cup final with them I believe right
uh when they lost to the Kings he was on that Rangers team was that 14 no I always get 14 and
12 confused because the Kings beat New York the Devils and the ranges yeah so he so he yeah he was on a team he was on the team that went to the final um and the years and the years in columbus
like he kind of always around a point per game but you got to remember those are bad teams yeah
he doesn't have a he doesn't have a lot to play with so you know if he's on an elite team his
entire career he's over a point per game his numbers would be even better but just a great
run and the video that did come out on how he found out they were going to retire his jersey which we talked about a few months ago when it was
released he was he was surprised by the entire columbus team and staff and all the office people
and everyone go check that out if you want so congrats to him on a special night i know commodore
and a bunch of future or sorry past teammates were there it seemed like a blast i'd completely
forgotten that he was on that that cup run team 2014 yeah yeah 2014 gg sent it over uh also to the face off was pretty cool it was you know
they had uh boone jenna nick felino and rick there the last three captains of the blue jacket so
sure that the fans enjoyed that too it was good stuff and i think the non-rick nash highlight of
the night probably one of the most athletic things i've seen in the NHL this year. Our pal Elvis Merzlikens.
Somebody was coming in.
They were about to take him out. He jumped.
He got about four feet off the ground
and he lands and he stuck the landed.
You must have seen the clip.
I sent it over to you guys. That was one of the most impressive
things I've seen. That was insane, man.
You got about four feet on me.
About 20 pounds of pads on me.
Everybody was buzzing about it.
Yeah, and not landing as well so
all right once again congrats to rick nash and biz you know biz st patrick's day is next week
we know you're going to be crushing pints and birdie juice with the boys and you need to go
to work the next day you're going to be feeling like a human being so what are you going to be
doing for that biz dhm detox yeah the vitamin for people that drinks, guys, I've talked about it all the time.
I'm not even going to talk about the weddings.
They got other products right now.
They got vitamins in the morning, the gummies.
They have the electrolyte hydrator packs.
They got different flavors for it now.
But more importantly, the vitamin for people that drinks, it breaks down the toxins of the alcohol before it gets to your liver.
I have people messaging me about this stuff all the time. They finally have given it a chance and it works. Okay. The next, the next morning,
you're not feeling like a hang piece. You can be productive. And as I mentioned, you pop about two
of these things. I usually double it up with two packs. So it'd be four pills. You do it while
you're drinking. You can have about 10, 15 pops and you wake up the next day with no anxiety,
not feeling like a bag of shit. And as I mentioned, you can collab it with the hydration packs,
a great product, no days wasted. I think we're going to be hitting them with a biz 20 promo
code for 20 off. Yeah. No days wasted.co not the.com that we're getting all these new dot
things that you got to pay attention to those. Not just what our sponsors, just in general,
there's all kinds of new stuff coming out.
It was always.com and.gov,
but no,
this is no days wasted.co.
And again,
like I said,
the St.
Patty's day next week,
man,
especially in Boston,
a lot of people are going to have a few cocktails,
a lot of birdie juice.
You want to be good for work that next day or four days later,
how many days you're going to bang in.
So once again,
that's no days wasted.co for Days Wasted after drinking with Biz 20.
Promo code Biz 20 for 20 off.
DHM Detox.
Also, Biz, we got to mention GoPuff.
If you need it real quick, deliver it quick.
You're at a party, you forgot it.
No Days Wasted is on GoPuff, so that means delivery to your house, a party,
or the bar in 30 minutes or less.
Just head over to GoPuff and search No Days Wasted.
I thought you were going to finish me off there, Biz. It's DHM Detox.
Yeah.
I love your voice there, Biz.
Good stuff.
All right, moving right along.
I think this is the most anticipated game of the night.
Meow.
The most anticipated game of the night and the day.
Calgary, Colorado.
Unreal game.
Went to overtime.
Johnny Hockey gets it done in OT.
I'd say these two would be an unreal Western conference.
There's so many teams that will be unreal.
But after that game the other night, we had a couple of big boys going at it.
Lucic McDermott.
I love the way they kind of got next to each other, bumped each other.
You know what was happening.
They skated off to the side.
Just classic NHL fight.
You got to love that stuff.
But what do you think of the game
there because you catch the whole thing or what oh i had everything i mean where do i start every
loose puck it was like a cage match the crowd was unbelievable uh you had you had you had i mean i
would say four three nowadays is the perfect hockey game you get some solid goaltending but
yet you still get the offense you mentioned the luc the Lucic and McDermott fight off the draw.
That just even brought it to a different level of intensity.
The things that stuck out, Lindholm's still on this tear.
He is just, you know, like there's so many guys having such amazing seasons.
His name won't come up in the heart, but what he's done for that team
and a big reason for their success is him solely. Well, I guess that line in general,
but the thing that stuck out offensively was that transition goal where my car
ended up taking it, getting down the ice.
He ended up becoming the guy net driving and McKinnon gets teed up for that one
timer. And it was just the speed coming up. The ice was just,
it looked like the game was in fast forward.
So you mentioned that as a matchup.
I mean, either them, that matchup, or Colorado with the Golden Knights.
I'll take it any day of the week.
But what you mentioned earlier, Calgary looks primed and ready for a cup run.
And the Red Mile will be rocking.
That Saturday night was the lowest I've been since this bet was made about my
ear and your scalp calgary is giving it well not giving it but they end up getting a win
in colorado who colorado's like sneaking up with the 95 wings and the lightning like they are one
of the best teams to ever play this regular season so far.
So the Flames go in there.
Like you said, Lindholm gets two.
They have this great fight.
The team looks amazing.
They get a win on a sick Goudreau winner in overtime.
And then over in Alberta, back up in Canada,
the fucking Oilers are losing and getting drummed on home ice
by the Montreal Canadiens, who are a completely different team now.
So I don't want to take anything away from them
and what St. Louis has done there.
But holy shit is my ear.
The only chance, the only chance I have at not getting a
first of all, you have no chance at shaving your head.
The only chance my ear has is if somehow Edmonton makes the playoffs
and they both lose first round.
That's it. I mean, they both lose first round that's it
well i mean i mean you said it and that's why i was surprised last week when you brought up the
leafs goaltending where i'm talking about that's a different bet that's just me no no no i understand
but like but then yet again the team that you jumped on their bandwagon they're not even in a
fucking wild card spot right now they're what they're sitting one one out right now they're
not i don't even know why mike smith started that game he's now out again i think he's got a non-covid related illness
but koskinen's been sick and then like i don't know if they thought montreal be an easier game
it's it's just it's so ugly in edmonton but back to that flames game if you take mcdermott
delorier reeves lucic who you taking this who's the toughest guy in the they're all gonna be
playing for the they're all gonna be playing for the coyotes at asu pretty soon and we're gonna be
the new goon squad of the league nobody's gonna come out there without having a busted nose and
stitches in their face um wow that's a great fight that's a that's a really really really good
question but so you just gave me the option if i got to take one heavy whether
i'm taking mcdermott lucic delorier and who was the fourth guy revo i mean it's kind of a no like
i don't i don't think there's a well i mean you gotta take agent you gotta take agent a factor
here um lucic far superior the better player throughout his career. So I'd probably stick with Looch because he wouldn't be intimidated by any of
those guys. I think that Reeves is still the league heavyweight. Okay.
But I, I think Deloria is up at the end of this year.
I have been adamant that I would love for the coyotes to pick him up because I
think that his game has definitely progressed through the years.
And I think with the added toughness,
he's just created a little bit more space for himself out there.
So his play has, has just gotten better. So yeah, I would, I would,
I would stick with Looch is my number one answer.
He could take some classes at Arizona state. If he does sign there,
who, whoever, whoever signs there can take classes because they're playing in the college.
If you can write your name and read a children's book,
you can get into ASU.
Lucic has about 55 to 60 sheets in the bank.
I don't think he fucking cares about school.
All right, why don't you read that list of names?
When Biz talked about that rush, when McCarr started it,
he snapped it over to McKinnon,
who went to Kadri back to McKinnon, who went to Kadri, back
to McKinnon for that sick goal. I think that it
made it 3-3. Why don't you read the
list of names that Makar joined in terms of that
assist, right? Oh, yeah. 14
apples in his last, what, 11 games?
This kid, man. It's crazy
that the company he's already at
this early in his career. Yeah, he's got the
longest assist streak by a defenseman
in team history with 11 and the fifth longest assist streak by a defenseman in team history with 11
and the fifth longest assist streak
by a defenseman in league history
after Paul Coffey, Brian Leach,
Phil Housley, and a fellow named Bobby Waugh.
It's insane, guys.
It's insane.
He's pretty much locked up the Norris Trophy this year.
And I feel like people could take this
as though maybe I'm disrespecting Roman Yossi,
Hedman.
Hedman's got 13 goals.
Yossi's got 14.
Even Ekblad this year, he's got 14 as well.
I've mentioned he's a Norris Trophy possible candidate.
So there's a bunch of guys having career seasons.
But Kael McCarr, you are watching what is probably going to go down as one of the best
defensemen to ever play early in his career.
I'm telling you, the way he skates, the way he controls the game out there.
I know those other guys I mentioned are having fantastic seasons,
possible Hall of Famers in their own right.
But Kale McCarr right now, runaway, runaway winner of the Norris Trophy.
Runaway people seems insane.
People may think I'm nuts, but I'm telling you,
he is changing games every single night.
I mean, I can't disagree with you, buddy.
Plus 36.
Oh, yeah, plus minus. That's the end all be all. Plus 36. Oh, yeah. Plus minus.
That's the end all be all stat right there.
Got to have the plus minus.
But just when we keep bringing up these names every week,
you say with McDavid, it's insane that this guy is this young.
And like I said, not compared to in the same company as.
And just to back your point about Colorado,
saying they're one of the great teams ever.
Earlier in the week,
Colorado became the first team in the league to reach 40 wins.
They got there in just their 54th
game, tied for the second fastest
ever. Like I said, Whit, back you up there.
Also, R.A., sorry, one more thing.
Of the top 10 defensemen in scoring right
now, there's two guys from the same
team. Devon Taves
has 43 points in 45
games, and he's plus 45.
So you're looking at two studs that round out Colorado's defense.
Second rounder.
That's what they paid for him.
Tough one there, Lou.
Come on, Lou.
Hey, Borelli, what do you think of that one?
Got any ex-wife jokes for that one, Trotz?
Let's roll the clip.
Fuck it. Let's roll it go ahead go ahead
you know there's an old saying you know turnovers are like ex-wives if you have too many they cost
they cost you a lot and they cost you more and more and it's so true and that was the second
period i mean he ain't lying they'll cost you a boatload like i don't even think that's an actual
saying but like he made it up on the spot but you a boatload. I don't even think that's an actual saying,
but he made it up on the spot, but it does make sense.
You don't want to accumulate too many turnovers
and too many ex-wives because it just gets worse
the more you do them.
But I think because it was Barry Trotz
and he kind of has a clean-cut reputation.
If Trotz said it, you laugh,
but Trotz isn't known as a jokester up there.
You think Lou gave him a little pee-pee whack
on a closed-door meeting for the ex-wife bomb i don't know i mean there's a lot of staying age man you know
there's a lot of thing going on with that uh ex-wife comment actually just uh i don't want
to throw the guy under the bus so i won't say his name so i'm on the golf uh golf course with
a former player and you know i was just we're talking about family life and stuff and he's
like oh yeah actually my dad's getting married i'm like no way when you know and you know i was just we're talking about family life and stuff and he's like oh yeah actually my dad's getting married i'm like no way when you know and you know i was
like oh that's kind of like a little older to get married like maybe you know and uh he's like i'm
like oh so like when are you going he's like i'm not going to this one this is number eight for him
number eight so i yeah so i mean what's he eight eight yeah yeah so i i you know i didn't really
i tried to hold the laughter back i was just like it kind of caught me caught me off guard you know
i went from asking him if he's attending his old man's wedding to finding out he's on number eight
so um i would imagine that uh yeah those do become pretty costly i mean weddings after two biz they'd
be he'd be like all right we're just gonna be girlfriend boyfriend like i wonder what the i
wonder what the world record is for the amount of times a guy's been divorced and remarried
i would probably be up there there's got to be a number out there or or oh we got some G's going to chime in here. Glenn Scotty Wolf, who is 88 years old, was married 29 times.
He holds the world record.
How old is he?
He is 88.
He's got to be homeless.
That guy's certifiable.
You know what?
You know who Anthony Quinn is?
The actor.
He's been dead for a while.
Older Italian actor, Anthony Quinn.
I saw his face. I'm sure I know. He had a dead for a while. Older Italian actor Anthony Quinn. Do you know his face? I'm sure
I know. He would.
He had a kid when he was like 89
years old. Like he legit like
impregnated like his younger wife when he was
sperm still shooting. Yeah.
Men can reproduce like
as long as they can still fucking
shoot rockets. Then they
sperm. Yeah. Like women
start disappearing. Yeah. When we get last last call juice when we get last call 40 45
definitely but guys you can reproduce fucking all day what what was his name g
was he an ordained minister was he just like every time he was dating a girl he just do it
himself he actually was he was a minister and his name was Glenn Scotty Wolf. Hey, fuck it, man.
I deserve props for that.
Why did you know that?
Well, I'm saying it's like, obviously, it's like, basically,
if you're dating a girl, you just say, hey, you want to get married today?
I'll do it.
We'll do it ourselves.
You're the guy who could set yourself up, give yourself a couple of one-tees.
All right.
Or 29.
He must have needed insurance a lot since
we're talking about colorado should we talk about the fact that nate dog should legitimately be in
in some type of prison cell at this point i think we have to do one thing before that paul we gotta
uh give props to jack johnson he had his 1000th game as well too because nate's gonna tie into
your coyotes after uh jack johnson 1000th game versus the Isles Tuesday night.
He's the third defenseman from the 05 draft to hit that number.
The 21st U.S. born defenseman to do so.
Of course, he was the third overall pick back in 05.
Carolina took him.
They traded him to LA.
He went on to Columbus, Pittsburgh, the Rangers.
He was actually on a PTO.
He thought his career might be over.
He went to Colorado on a PTO.
Everybody loved him, they said.
All the guys loved him.
They signed him to a Buffalo deal, 750,000.
And everybody, I read a bunch of articles since then,
because it seems like every stop he's been at,
he's been a beloved teammate.
I know, like, you know, fans have been on him in certain spots,
and his fucking analytics geeks don't like him or whatever, blah, blah, blah.
But, like, every teammate loved the guy.
They say he's a hard worker, just a genuinely nice guy.
I don't know.
Either one of you guys ever run into him or know him at all?
No, but I mean, Sid, Sid vouched for him.
And I know that they trained quite a bit in the off season together,
but yeah, heard nothing but good things.
And to your point, yeah.
Every time the team signs them, like the analytics community,
like has a cult meeting and they drink whatever fucking McKinnon's been
drinking and they go nuts.
And, and to, to and to to to bring up kind
of a brutal subject for the kid i mean he made a lot of money and and people if you don't know
the story his parents pretty much swindled all of it from him a horrific story of of getting
screwed over by the people that you should be able to trust most in your life so to be able to
continue to play and yeah and hopefully make back some of the money that his parents stole from him is um is a great story because you know Sid and him Sid and he
played at Shattuck St. Mary together I believe if Sid didn't tell the story when we interviewed
him up in Halifax I think I mentioned it before that that he like charged the mound I think when
Sid got hit by oh yeah baseball they were boys and then later on he played with Sid in Pittsburgh and
I'm sure you know Crosby had a big part of getting him there.
And it's great to see him on a team with Eric Johnson, too.
Those were two, I think, Jacks a year or two older than him.
But they came up together.
They've kind of been the Johnson defenseman brothers.
Not brothers, excuse me, but the Johnsons,
where everyone knew about them starting at a young age,
both NDP guys.
And at Michigan, he was a great player
and then went on to play a long time.
So I don't necessarily think he's kind of lived up
to the third overall pick,
but a great teammate, a great player.
And to do it this long after going through
what he went through,
because you talk about the physical struggles in this game,
but to lose all the money that you've earned,
that you put your life on the line
or your body on the line to earn
and to have it all be gone.
That's heartbreaking stuff. So congrats to him on a hell of a run.
Well said, Whit. Well said, Whit. Now, Biz, we'll get to the Nate dog.
A little bit of a snapshot action in the desert. A little bit. Yeah.
Late in the game, they were down, I think a goal,
and you got to stick to the face.
I don't think it was intentional from a Dyson Mayo late in the game.
And the Nate dog went snapshot mode, went right at him. And then all of a sudden landy went off the chikrin it was a
awesome shit show if you like that type of stuff like we do on spitting chiclets and
nate got bloody man he was he was all bloody he was going fucking bananas uh what do you think
was going on there busy i mean he got a love tap off the face off and then assaulted dice and mayo
and i mean let's go back to a few
weeks ago if Juwan Howard has to go to anger management I think that Nathan McKinnon should
be in solitary confinement after what I saw and then on top of that after getting beat two games
in a row by the desert dogs to split the season series keep the fucking change Colorado's a bunch
of frauds I'll start there I don't care about how many fucking games they want if they can't beat the desert dogs they're in trouble he leaves the ice
and i got my aunt marcia tickets right on the glass and he's leaving the ice and he flips the
bird in their direction so not only did i take it personal on the fact that he assaulted a coyote
in the den then he goes on to flip the crowd just so happens to be my aunt marcia personal on the fact that he assaulted a coyote in the den. Then he goes on to flip the crowd.
Just so happens to be my aunt,
Marsha sitting on the glass,
Nathan McKinnon,
you are a fucking reckless individual.
And I don't know if you guys saw when he got high stick and he was
bleeding a little bit,
how he's licking it and his eyes and how much he loved it.
He was probably drinking Andranic Chrome with Tom Hanks during the
fucking lockdowns.
This guy is out of his mind.
I think that the league needs to the need the league
needs to take some measures to make sure that this guy doesn't harm anyone moving forward so
i have a bounty on his head when he's at asu next year coming into the new den
and all you asu fans out there you better be there loud and proud booing this guy every time he
touches the puck in our building moving forward.
I'll show you blood, buddy.
I'll show you blood in the parking lot.
You better come with a fucking security crew, Nathan McKinnon.
You can clip it and tag him too, G.
Don't fuck with my desert dogs, Nate.
You already got Kemper.
We already fucking gave you a layup of a goaltender.
Now you're going to be fucking assaulting our players?
You're a clown, buddy. Get your shit together.
You and Jawan Howard can maybe get a
double discount with a Biz20
promo code on anger management.
Tell your aunt
Marsha to stop sticking her tongue
between her index and middle finger when he's
coming off the ice at the poor kid, and
he won't flip her off. She's a disgusting
Bissonnette, just like yourself.
And tell Dyson Mayo... You watch your mouth too, yourself. And tell Dyson Mayo to keep his stick on the ice.
Actually, the kid literally was just trying to pick up his stick
to secure a one-goal win, and all of a sudden McKinnon loses his mind.
The craziest part about the fight was Mayo had the best of him,
and McKinnon got up.
And then the linesman is legit holding mayo as mckinnon's just delivering
lefts to the side of his temple i was like liney let him go let him go i don't think he knew what
was going on sometimes these lines when they try to break up the fight but it's too late one guy's
free but mckinnon is a snap show and it's part of what makes him so great he loses his mind during
games which probably helps him become a better player. But at times it hurts him a little bit, but he was losing it in Phoenix.
He should be getting carried out in the Hannibal Lecter costume
before every game.
That's how fucking crazy this guy is now.
I don't know, man.
As far as superstars are concerned, I've never seen a
R.A., who was the last superstar you saw have a switch
that would flip like this guy?
I mean, there's tons of them in my i mean i mean you know neely kachuk lindros like all katochit i mean those guys were
fucking phenomenal and they were all kind of snap shows like that i just don't think we don't see it
as much anymore so when it happens with a superstar it's kind of an anomaly so you know guys just
don't fight like they used to but it's entertaining entertaining as hell, man. He definitely flipped out.
He didn't get a fine or anything.
And if this is payback for the sandbagger Nate dog.
And I mean, hey, that was the first.
And I stuck up for him.
I think it was last podcast or the podcast before about him slashing the ref.
I take it back.
I denounce my backup of the Nate dog.
I think he probably deliberately slashed that ref because he probably dropped the puck two millimeters on the other guy's side. So he was able to snap it back. And then going
back to the sandbagger that I hit a couple of good shots and then he's threatening me. And it's,
we couldn't even post some of the stuff on the actual sandbagger. He probably would have had,
uh, a couple of games sussy. If we would have showed the league, what he said to me on the
golf course. So I don't know.
I don't know how I feel about this moving forward.
Is he invited back, Whit, for round two?
I think it's good for the game, Biz.
I'm just going to throw that out there.
Yeah, I bet.
Until somebody's safety is in the way.
So I've seen enough.
We're not telling you a team yet, Biz.
Arizona, I mean, they were in the news quite a bit this week.
Them and Ottawa, they had the wackiest game on Saturday just they made history believe it or not
the Oats were up four nothing uh you turn around 10 minutes later Ottawa was up five to four then
you turn a few minutes later Ottawa was up eight to five uh Nick Schmaltz he set a franchise record
with seven points in the game two goals five or six five assists rather uh he broke a record of
six that four guys had held.
It was the first seven-plus
point game since Sam Garnier, 10 years ago,
had eight points. And this is a wild one,
Biz. The first team in
NHL history to trail after
taking a four-goal lead and
yet still win the game by three-plus goals.
That's fucking crazy.
They're up by four and then
went down, then they end up winning by
three so that's boy we saw the barn burner with detroit and toronto uh not too long ago and this
one you know lived up to the flint michigan mega bowl expectations of the fact that two of the
the bottom feeders of the league were going at it and i mean schmaltz was injured at the start
of the season um you know he
missed some time came back it took him a couple games to get his feet but ever since him and
Clayton Keller have been lighting the lamp and I don't know what somebody sent me a couple people
sent me videos of Avery chirping Clayton Keller I mean he's having quite the season he's at a point
per game and and and so is Nick Schmaltz so at the fact that we got a a San Ganyme type of
performance and a guy who set a franchise record that's a that's a big deal for the Coyotes uh And so is Nick Schmaltz. So at the fact that we got a San Ganyme type performance
and a guy who set a franchise record,
that's a big deal for the Coyotes going into the back half of the season.
So as long as those guys are pumping it out with the contracts they have,
I'm happy.
And going back to Kels, man, I think he's got, what, 23 goals,
28 assists right now for 51 points.
How about that, Mathwit?
Nice, dude. Good job. Congrats. Didn't end in an 8, though, so RAs are twitching. assists right now for 51 points how about that math wit and dude good job congrats uh did not
eat those so r is twitching i'm like yeah yeah hey i'm more interested in one thing when it
comes to the coyotes and shout out clayton keller be you guy i would have done anything
to be a fly on the wall with matthew schneider and members of the Coyotes going at.
Oh, we're going to go right to the arena situation.
Going at how much of a disgrace next year and the next few years we'll be playing in ASU.
It really is upsetting for a lot of guys.
Apparently, there was one player just furious in there.
Why don't you explain what happened, R.A.? Absolutely.
Another note with the Oats.
Players and staff, they had a meeting with the CEO, Xavier Gutierrez,
and NHL PA special assistant.
Matthew Schneider was there there as well.
Elliot Friedman,
a buddy of ours.
He described the meeting as quote intense and quote,
and Schneider said,
there aren't any good answers for the players in the short term.
And the players asked,
how did it come to this?
It's just,
they're wondering that.
I know I've been saying it for months now.
Like I feel,
these are the guys I feel bad for the guys on this fucking team
who are getting treated like JV athletes and they're fucking playing in the
NHL. And they don't even know if they're going to,
this arena is going to be there yet,
or if they're going to be playing in at this college yet,
or if they're going to get sold, everything is up in the air.
Nobody knows what the fuck is going on.
It's like they're relegated with, like I wrote in the outline.
It's like they're relegated because it's almost impossible for them to be
competitive. And, you know, GM, GM Bill Armstrong he's a good guy but he said to the
fourth period David Pagnotta uh that their whole plan right now is to just take on contracts for
draft picks so they're not going to have anything going on for the next couple years so if you're
playing on that team you're just kind of basically hoping you fucking get called up and get traded
somewhere and the NHL is so pot committed to it. It's like, it's a point of pride.
I think with Bettman or whoever,
one of the team there,
like they,
they fucked it up when they send it to Glendale.
It should have never been in Glendale.
They sent it there.
And that was,
they sealed the fate then.
And they're just pot committed at this point.
They fucking have egg on their face and they won't take it off.
And it's just a brutal situation for these guys.
I feel awful for them.
You know what my biggest fear is?
What biz? That you're going to get a call to situation for these guys. I feel awful for them. You know what my biggest fear is? What, Biz?
That you're going to get a call to play for them again?
You fucking asshole.
No.
My biggest fear is that for the first time in our organization's history,
at least in Phoenix and Arizona, that we get the first overall pick.
And he says no.
And we get an Eli Manning type of situation.
That's my biggest fear right now and apparently a lot of the prospects and younger players who you know
agents are calling in saying like this is too much of a shit show um matthew schneider had to
represent some of the players because they wanted to be unnamed because you know they didn't want
it to come back to haunt them as far as maybe ownership and and the general manager finding out and i'm not saying that that would ever happen but you
know that's the reason why you got you have a guy at the pa who's going to represent you on these
calls but i would say the biggest level for concern is the fact that there is no plan other than being
at asu if you're if you told me that they had the land locked up in tempe and the build was starting in four to six months i i say this constantly people like oh what's going on what's going on well not
only am i the bagel boy and i don't know what's going on i don't get this type of information
is throughout the entire time i've been involved with the organization whether it was when i was
playing or in the media side of it is you hear about things are going to happen that don't usually transpire.
So I put a no stock into what I'm told from people about, yeah,
this is going to happen. We're going to have like an L LA live type of
situation.
I can only be optimistic at the fact that it happens because I think that
hockey can work in the desert.
The market makes total sense with the growth in the market. You just need the
rink in a solid location. I've told the story on the podcast before Shane Doan went to the place
in Scottsdale and they put the shovel in the ground and did the photo op. And then all of a
sudden Glendale being one of the fastest growing cities at the time, not the type of place you want
to put a rink. As we know from the Kanata situation in Ottawa,
even when things aren't going great in a Canadian market,
if you don't have the rink downtown or somewhere where there's tons of action,
it will come back to bite you in the ass.
They got the land for free.
They built a beautiful facility that they thought was going to work
because the football was going to work where it's like,
they got eight home games a year and they have a massive massive massive parking lot
there because well you're in the middle of nowhere and that works not 41 home games driving 45
minutes you can't booze much because you then have to drive home or you got to spend 150 bucks on a
fucking uber yes ra completely agreed dumb decision from the beginning. And it's haunted this
organization. The minute they ended up building that ring out there.
And to get them the part of it's the land for free and all the, all the breaks on the money.
And it's like any business I watched that Boeing documentary, check that out on Netflix. It's like
whenever somebody tries to cut corners to save money,
it bites you in the ass later on.
And that documentary is heartbreaking.
You got to check it out.
But I think one of the biggest issues, there's so many,
is when you turn in and say Minnesota's in town to play ASU college hockey next year,
Big Ten Network has it on and you see it on TV, it's one thing.
When you see your NHL team playing there next year and you see
what that's going to look like on TV, that
will be the worst part about it
because you can tell right away how small
it is on TV and that's going to be the major issue.
We've gone into this a million times,
but I was very curious to
hear about Merrick and Elliott talking
about the meeting that they had and how upset
players are. I guess Gutierrez did a great
job in terms of like kind of understanding
where they come from. And I almost think this, this goes a little,
this goes more on Bettman than it does on him.
And I feel bad for Bill Armstrong because he did a great job in St.
Louis. He got the job and this guy, he has no chance.
I mean, not saying no chance to like be there.
Like he should still be there for a while, but like he, this is,
he talk about being stuck in a rock and a hard place.
This isn't on him at all. It's just a brutal situation that the league has caused and and to go to that point
what i wasn't criticizing him i mean that's the plan if you're the gm of course you're going to
do that you take on contracts and get draft picks and build for the future when that's your team but
when there's no like the future is what fucking arizona state if they don't get this arena then
what it's from my understanding if they don't lock it up in
the next year ra they're going to start looking to to move the team elsewhere and the thing is
like if the nhl wanted to move them they could make it happen in a day they could reach out to
business interest and they could make a sale happen in a fucking week if they want it in
houston or kansas city but the nhl it's like i think they think if it leaves arizona it makes
them look bad it's like you can't look any worse than you do fucking at this stage of the game.
Because we know hockey works anywhere.
Desert, Florida, fucking Tennessee.
It don't matter, man.
If you're having a good spot, people come.
And we saw it when the Coyotes first got there, when they were in Phoenix.
Fans went all the time.
The Glendale was the fucking debacle.
So we beat this drum enough to death.
So I'm going to talk to you about matches for a second.
America has a problem. Everyone is exhausted and out of it because they're not sleeping in a bed that's right for them and the sleep they're getting sucks that's problem has a
name it's called junk sleep so you can unjunk your sleep at mattress firms president's day
sale from now until march 8th save up to 500 when you get a king bed for the price of a queen
or a queen for the price of a twin.
Stop by one of their locations with bed starting at 159.99
with immediate delivery, or you can save 300
when you shop Tempur-Pedic at America's number one Tempur-Pedic retailer.
This is where I got the bed I'm currently sleeping on.
I say it every week because it's true.
I don't lie when I say these stories.
Over in Dorchester, mattress room was there.
The service was unreal.
Got my bed two, three days. Super comfy. You won't lie when I say these stories. Over in Dorchester, Mattress Firm was there. The service was unreal. Got my bed two, three days.
Super comfy.
You won't be disappointed at all.
You don't have to pay through the nose.
Service is awesome.
Bed is awesome.
So to unjunk your sleep, go to mattressfirm.com or go to Mattress Firm in person.
Speak to a sleep expert, and they will take care of you.
I need a new one.
When I went and got my last mattress, I got a little too stiff.
No, man.
I'm legit, dude.
I went right to Mattress Firm.
They hooked it up.
Good stuff.
Like I said, you don't have to pay up the wazoo.
I tried.
I don't even know if they sell these at Mattress Firm, but I tried to get the, what's the memory foam?
What are they called?
The big dog ones?
Isn't there a name for it?
Tempur-pedic.
Yeah, Tempur-pedic.
Is that a memory foam?
Oh, my.
As if I wasn't pathetic in the wrapper enough, I got this thing.
You get no bounce back.
You got to work for every single push.
And, like, I got the angry inch, so it's just, like,
it's basically, like, it's, like, not doing nothing.
So, yeah, I had to return the Tempur-pedic.
No offense to Tempur-pedic, and if they sell them,
it's just you don't get the extra push.
It's like playing basketball in the old, like like converse as opposed to the new age soft like that's a great
point exactly you get no no support for your poor hog uh all right boys i mentioned in the
introduction we had our first coaching ejection in four years uh buddy coop he got the gate man
uh there was a scrum in the pittsburgh game that i guess there had been some shitty calls an introduction. We had our first coaching ejection in four years. Our buddy Coop, he got the gate, man.
There was a scrum in the Pittsburgh game. I guess there had been some shitty calls earlier in the game.
Tampa Bay ended up shorthanded,
so Coop was going at Wes McCauley
and kept going at him. Wes ended up
chucking him from the game. I think we've seen other coaches,
no names, Hot Rod,
go really crazy and not get
tossed. He might have got fined.
Anyways, Coop got tossed from the game, but it is noteworthy.
He did not get fined.
I thought he might've because usually when coaches get tossed,
they get fined.
So I think the NHL maybe thought he got punished enough because,
you know, he's a guy who's well-respected.
He's been around and, you know,
some refs you just don't know where the line is.
And Wes McCauley was at that point.
He tossed Coop and, you know, that was that,
but there was no fine and everybody's moving along.
Did you see the video, Biz?
Oh, yeah.
Sorry.
Sorry.
I did see the video.
And funny enough, Wes McCauley chucked Mike Sullivan from a game before.
So, you know, both coaches in that game have been tossed.
And I'm not saying a word because I'm a big Coop fan and I'm also a big Wes McCauley fan.
He was my favorite ref.
So easy to talk to.
Just a great guy.
Has some funny clips of him being two minutes for fighting.
You know, he gets all into the announcements of the penalties.
So I don't know what happened, but Koop did say,
I don't think anything I said he'd never heard before.
But who knows?
Maybe Wes was just having a tough night.
Maybe he was hungover.
He had a big night in Tampa the night before.
Who knows?
But I think that, you know.
I think every Hall of fame coach needs uh you know
a good snapshot you know he didn't bring it too far over the line he didn't go full gym play fair
um it was a chippy game i mean to the point where latang and point ended up fighting in that one
i didn't know that might bingo and i'll tell you what point point can throw for a little guy i
thought it was a you know pretty pretty decent scrap for a couple superstars but um it seemed to this as if though pitt maybe got the advantage on
a few calls and i can understand why coop um coop got the wires crossed but uh i was joking around
the tnt broadcast about him having to hit the indica but i don't think it's recreationally
legal in in florida so he can't even do it down there i know you can like
walk around this state on bath salts like with no shoes on but you can't smoke weed or bet on sports
it's this place makes no sense and you can drive around town in golf carts exactly what is that
what is happening down there it's ass backwards internet uh so uh yeah he and also too he was pissed about the pittsburgh stuff is he said that team
for some reason they're by far the lowest penalized team in the league i'm not sure why but they are
and someone pulled up stats online and apparently pittsburgh isn't nearly as penalized as other
teams so i don't think there's a conspiracy theory there but i don't know little referee
drama never hurts nobody no referees got punched this week. So I guess that's a good thing.
Duncan Keith returned to Chicago after he left there.
He left for Edmonton.
He won, of course, three Stanley Cups in Chicago.
Key part of those teams.
It was Nicholas Chalmerson night as well.
And Biz, you said there were little tummy sticks at the ice there.
It was Jonathan Taves, Chalmerson, Duncan Keith.
I mean.
No, no, no, no tummy sticks.
I don't know if you guys saw the ceremonial face-off duncan keith didn't let uh didn't want to let tase win it so he was trying to snap it back
and i i think i've told the story before when i was at under 17 we were playing team pacific
and uh brent seabrook was our captain and we had nathan horton and they were doing the ceremonial
face-off and usually you let the home team win it these guys were fucking just like they were Duncan Keith and Taves going at it stick battling and
next thing you know the puck is below the goal line and tensions were high but this one was more
of a light-hearted one but definitely got a chuckle out of the crowd and that wasn't it that was going
on with the pucks all right there was There was more. There was puck gate.
Well, quickly, before we get to puck gate in the crowd,
the funniest thing was so many fans or people on Twitter with their stupid responses.
They're like, who's this guy dropping the puck?
Who is this guy?
Nicholas Yarmulson's probably lost about 15 pounds as he retired.
He had the turtleneck on and the shaved head. I'm like, that's a stalwart that won three Stanley Cups with the Blackhawks.
People had no clue. Blackhawks. People had no clue.
Blackhawks fans were tweeting that out?
I don't know.
No, I'm sure it was on our account.
It was probably Barstool Chief.
That's probably.
Who's this bald guy dropping a puck?
Super Nintendo Charmers.
Yeah, great player.
One of the best defensive defensemen of his era.
Also, too, they had a big video for Duncan Keith.
But, Biz, you're talking about the pucks.
Yeah, he was doing his warm-ups, and there was a woman there.
She had a Duncan Keith shirt on, begging him on the glass.
She had a sign for him.
He throws the puck up.
I don't know if he threw it to her or the kid or whatever.
She caught it.
The kid looked up at her.
And, you know, some people like see the little cute kid and throw him a puck.
She wasn't having it.
I think she even said, like, I'm not giving it to you obviously she had the duncan
key shirt on i didn't expect it to and then the kid was starting to get upset he did another lap
come over gave the kid a puck and everybody was crying it was like a fucking like tear fest i mean
tears of joy but it was just like i don't know it was not from the kid the kid was like 11 years
old and he's crying because he didn't get a puck.
I'm going to be honest.
I thought he cried after he got the puck, though.
I know he was.
No, he cried when she fucking beat him in the jump ball.
Yeah.
And the way that Duncan Keith was looking at her, he was like, hey, you.
And he pointed to the lady.
She had not only a jersey, but she made a sign.
And this brings up my point.
Everybody online jumped down her throat about how she didn't
give the puck away to the kid this kid wasn't like an infant in the like the three four five
years old he was 11 years old crying because he didn't get a puck if that was my kid i'm not
gonna say what i'd do if it was my kid she i think if a grown-up go attacker i think yeah exactly or
work on your vertical like mers leakens um
if you make a sign as an adult the amount of effort that that takes i think that that trumps
any kid crying regardless if it was a three or four year old and for you people out there jumping
down her throat she obviously was over the moon had the jersey on had probably had been a long
time fan to the point where she might have even let Duncan Keith take a shit on her chest.
That's the look that she was giving him as he was skating over.
I thought she was going to drown that kid.
In what?
I was just going to say, in what, a beer, all right?
There's no water in the game.
What are you talking about, drown the kid?
How?
In what, her tears?
Grinnelli's the only one who gets it.
I'm laughing because I don't get it. I don't get it at all. All right, you need to explain this joke. you talking about drown the kid how and what her tears cornelli's the only one who gets it i'm
laughing because i don't get it i don't get it at all all right you need to explain this joke
she was extremely extremely excited that duncan keith gave her a puck very excited over the moon
oh you're saying she was oh my god okay a lot of you fucking i'm gonna try to get that visual out of my head excuse me
panty soup is what you're referring to ra
now i've lost my train of thought sorry i know i really like you taking her side you know everyone
always sticks up for the kids for the kids fuck the kids
jordan it well jordan the jordan uh meme this made a good point the kid was probably what
nine ten years old so it's like they didn't have one a cup in seven years it's not like
he grew up and watched i mean he was probably in diapers maybe luck if that when they last wanted
she probably experienced all that shit i sided with your biz on twitter i got your back
i think if you're over 10 years old and you're crying on the glass i would i would refuse to give you a puck in fact
i would make sure every single person around you got a puck till all the pucks on the ice were gone
i would be like chris verstig with the pucks in warm-up just like he was in the bag skate practice
at your rhythm in florida for and make sure that and would look at the point on the glass. I stopped your
fucking crying and then maybe
you'll get a puck.
I heard a rumor that he threw his number on
it for the lady. That's just what's
coming up. Yeah, that's what I heard.
That's what I heard.
They might have had a couple cocktails after
the game, so
I don't know. We'll see.
We'll see a couple more Blackhawk Blackhawk notes here
Tyler Johnson and Riley Stillman had both returned to the lineup Johnson had the ADS surgery the same
one uh Jack Eichel got and both those guys looking fine out there so Buffalo looking even even more
dumb that the fact that these guys are playing playing well after getting that surgery they
don't want them to get gee what's up how about Jack Eichel scoring that game-winning goal which
was incredible by the way.
And then Max patch ready.
Just RKO him after he scores,
just grabbing him by his neck and just pulling him right down.
If I was a Vegas fan, I would've been losing it.
Yeah.
He's like, welcome back.
Welcome back to the LTIR.
Don't put you out.
So let's talk about how they even got that power play
one of the worst tripping calls of the season so far i don't know where they had their table
reservation but that's obvious that they had to get out of that rink at a certain time to get
there a one-handed like just hit him in the shin pads and the guy falls over because he couldn't
skate on his own and they've just ruined that was horrific horrific call but to concentrate on the good things in hockey on sunday evening
the change i know this is just quick because we won't go into it but take a look at the change
that anaheim pulled off in overtime to beat the san jose sharks with ricard raquel getting off
the bench at the opposite end from where i think Henrik changed and getting a breakaway.
Just a sick play.
You can go check out on NHL.com,
but an awesome little move by Dallas Ekins to get Anaheim a big win.
So go right ahead.
I'm sorry to change the subject.
Did you think that was too many men because he wasn't five feet within the bench?
You thought it was okay?
Okay.
I know.
I think that was good.
He did a good job of straddling the blue line,
the way Biz straddled his old lady on his Tempur-Pedic mattress.
So I thought it was an interesting play.
Moving right along, a couple more Blackhawk notes.
They were in the news as well this week. They also
named Kyle Davidson as their GM.
He said basically they're going to be kind of
going this rebuild mode, and they're going to involve
Kane and Taves, obviously the two legends
of the franchise. They're going to be UFA'd, both of them
after next season. He said
there won't be any surprises on their end. We plan on talking to them and they're going to let them know basically what they're going to be UFA'd, both of them after next season. He said there won't be any surprises on their end. We plan
on talking to them and
they're going to let them know basically what they're going to do.
I don't know. They'll probably stick it out for another year, but
Patrick Kane said it would be a privilege
and an honor to be a Blackhawk for life.
So we'll see what happens there. And also
apparently Marc-Andre Fleury, actually busy
Saturday, he's probably not going anywhere. Just want to
note, the team, if they don't
trade him, they're really deferring to him because they don't have to not trade him.
He doesn't have no move clause.
They could trade him and say, fuck you, but I think he's such a respected guy.
They might maybe want to try to keep next year,
but it's kind of a nice thing they're doing, I guess,
because not a lot of teams would do that.
They're basically giving up their rights for what they could do to the guy.
What if he got dealt to Toronto and he's like, no,'m not going oh that would be so good i'm gonna retire might
have been well uh they actually don't need them because i don't know if you guys saw the box score
right now after one period it is three nothing for the leafs over columbus so the goaltending is
back baby if they can somehow blow this game i I will be the happiest person on planet Earth.
I don't know how long we're going to go much longer before we throw it over to Robo,
but are we going to talk about that Dallas mini game on the TNT broadcast?
That was our next subject right there.
Actually, one more key thing.
Did you see the tribute when he come back to the Oilers before the Chicago game
where they had the stick ceremony when he walked into the locker room.
Do you ever see that before when a guy comes back from injury?
All the players, did you see the clip I sent?
It was, they all had their sticks.
So you know when a wedding and people hold the swords
like a Marine gets married?
It was like that.
He walked in and all the players had their sticks up
and like a red carpet.
I'd never seen anything like that before.
Did you, Biz?
Like, it was different, I guess.
I don't know, it was unusual or what?
For a guy to come back from injury and have all the players out there with
sticks up. It's just a fun thing.
It was because he was in Chicago
and they were just being silly about it. And there was
a red carpet that led all the way to a
stall that was dressed up. And
congratulations on coming back here
and dominating the NHL and being a Hall
of Famer for his ballot. Keep the change.
Duncan Keith.
All right, Biz. We usually do your TNT.
Oh, that was in it. Are you sure that was in Edmonton?
Are you sure that was
in Edmonton?
Are you sure that was in Edmonton?
I remember seeing that.
I know that locker room.
I closed out a playoff series there
with the Arizona Coyotes.
I'm going to bet you 100, Biz.
Let's go.
I want that 100.
Time out, guys.
Title from Sportsnet. Oilers roll
out the red carpet for
Duncan Keith's return to Chicago.
Oh, wait!
That's a tough one.
I'll DM you. 100.
You know what? Just
make sure we got flour
on the next trip
and then we'll call it even.
Is that like Marc-Andre
Flurry or like is that a euphemism
for something? It could be. It could be.
You know exactly what I'm saying, but it was
a good little transition to the fact that I got to mention
flour. Once he gets traded to the
Leafs, turns it down and retires, he'll join
the show, he means. Yes. And G,
you made a good point to I mean I
included the tweet and it says
right there return to the United
Center like I got
so caught up in the video I didn't even read the all right
I think you're getting a little bit too relaxed on that
couch we might have to take it away from I think
you have to return that couch to your buddy
or your
father-in-law yeah my
old man my old man yeah Oh, your old man.
Yeah, I'm not going back on that fucking other chia.
No, Biz, the TNT stuff.
We usually do that off the top, but it was a Dallas game this week,
so we wanted to save it for a little later because we have a Dallas star
on this week.
They played Minnesota the other day.
Unreal game.
Give us your take on the game, Biz.
Well, as far as these two teams, one treading in one direction,
one treading in the other.
Dallas, you know, they're starting to get a little bit of that secondary scoring.
The back end's looking a little good.
That Jake Ottinger, I look back to that 2017 draft.
I mentioned it on the broadcast, too.
They ended up getting Haskin in third overall.
They got Ottinger.
I want to say he was 26th. And the second round they got Jason Robertson so that's the type of
draft that's just going to change the the direction of the organization um they're getting contributions
from other guys too and they're really starting to play a good team game now Minnesota they looks
like they look like shit ever since I want say, a round of that outdoor game time.
Until we saw them.
We reversed chicklets, boosted them.
Remember they went on a run?
Murley said they were like 9-0-1 after we got there,
and then we brought it up, and that's what mushed them.
Oh, okay, so we mushed them right after that.
They can't get any saves.
Kocken and his rebound control is a nightmare.
As far as their penalty kill is concerned it's atrocious right now uh whether that has to do with goaltending or the four man units that they're sending out there i have no clue uh am i concerned
about them moving forward not really i think they have a pretty deep team they just got dumba
and zook off the ir that's going to help out a lot because
i think because zook was coming back they had to put greenway on the ir as well so i don't know if
this is a team that's going to end up making a trade at the deadline but they do need something
to spark them to go into the second or i guess the the last one third of the season to get going
before the playoffs because right now it's looking ugly.
I think they've won like four games in their last 15 or something ridiculous.
So as far as
The fact that next year I think it's 8 million and the year
two years after it's like 10 million for those buyouts of Parisi and Suter.
I mean they kind of had to do it and at times it's really helped this year.
But that sucks for the next few years, trying to deal with that,
with the cap not going up at least next year.
Yeah.
On top of that, I think we have a new TNT between-the-bench analyst,
Tyler Sagan, after he scored.
Well, I think that he originally got credit for it off his shoulder,
but then they gave it to Pavelski, unless they ended up changing it back again. But he was, he was talking with Panger. And I mean,
if you want to, if you want to boost up the female viewership,
get them between the benches shirtless.
You know, that stuff is, I said on Twitter, they should, I don't,
you can't plan for it. It was very impromptu,
but that should happen more often.
Just like I have a guy go over and kind of give us two cents.
I thought it was really like good shit, man. Like does popped over it wasn't planned it wasn't like thought of ahead
of time he what he said actually was what happened he basically said exactly what the ruling was
you should be a producer first of all ra and that's a genius idea every time there's a goal
being reviewed they should put the headset on the guy who potentially scored it watching over and over and giving his insight
that's uh that's a genius call all right uh once in a while yeah that fucking was a broken clock
twice a day that type of thing even a blind squirrel can find a nut unless it's the squirrel
that ra was feeding um clap chowder chowder thatder. Another note from that game.
Riley Tufte.
He was Mr.
Hockey in Minnesota high school six years ago.
Won a pair of titles at Minnesota Duluth.
He was supposed to play his first NHL game back in November,
and he got scratched at the last minute after he bought a shitload of
tickets.
Well, the other day, that was his first game in Minnesota.
He ended up scoring a goal.
And it's kind of funny how, like, life plays out.
I was like, I was going to ask you, Biz, would you rather
go through the misery of getting scratched
after buying all those tickets to score your first goal in that
game or be able to play that
first game and not score a goal?
Well, I think that's the hockey gods
helping him out and giving him the shit sandwich
rebound from Kockanen and just giving him
that nice little scoop and play.
So congrats to him. And they were talking
about he won a national
championship two maybe two national champions with with minnesota deluge so to score that
to score not a big deal uh to score in front of the home crowd like that that is freaking awesome
especially having going gone through the situation where uh where he bought all those tickets and got
thrown under the bus yeah it's gonna be an awesome thing. I mentioned Jason Robinson's two hat tricks over the weekend that we didn't
even mention the first one Friday night overtime.
He got his third goal and he was out of gas,
made that sick move kind of got tripped and he just fell into the boards.
It was like the anti celebration celebration.
He's like did the dead man's float and just laid there. It was like, I don't,
was it was a technically a selly biz or no, what was your,
we did the caption contest and i said uh i said five minutes after uh i dumped one into
my belly button before my pre-game nap that was my caption uh he deserves the rest what was your
caption did you get one in there uh i don't know if i put one or not i i think oh i wrote a blog i
i call like the dead man's float because he was just look like a fucking dead guy.
Look like he was passed out or whatever.
I don't think I got a caption.
I think that's going to be the new one.
The weekend at Bernie's just just passed out and look like the dead.
I think a kid had one either in the American League or I think he might have played for
Belleville recently and he scored in overtime and he just left the ice.
Gee, did you see that? Was it Belleville? I thought it was overtime and he just left the ice gee did you see that
was it Belleville I thought it was Manitoba Manitoba oh the moose yeah yeah but that was
awesome that was what that was what Merle's tried to do so Merle's did that in game seven
uh oh maybe it wasn't game seven we played Hartford in one of the rounds um Wilkes-Barre
did on our run to the finals. We lost to Milwaukee.
We got swept in the Calder Cup finals.
But Merle scored a game winner to win the series.
And it was crazy.
And he always wanted to score a game winner and run off the ice like a basketball game winner.
And they run to the locker room.
So he did it.
But he totally didn't realize that you have to shake hands after some of the buttons to come back onto the ice to shake.
There's a clip of it on.
I think I liked it or responded to a tweet,
but it's hilarious because I actually go to hug him
and he just takes off down the runway
and I'm like, I'm looking around.
I'm like, what's going on?
Comes back out of his suit.
And that kid, when he did it on Manitoba,
he gets off the ice and he kind of bodies
the other team's backup goalie who's sitting at the door.
It was a good one.
What do you think, boy?
Should we send it over to Robert or what?
Yeah.
Great kid. Awesome kid. Great interview great interview but yeah super nice kid so i do want to let you know this interview
is brought to you by sport clips i don't take my broken phone screen to a mechanic for the same
reason i don't trust my hair and the hands of my grandma stylist i want someone who specializes in
me and the experts at sport clips are trained specifically for guys here.
They have an MVP of haircut experience.
Awesome haircut, hot steamed towel, invigorating shampoo, neck and shoulder treatment.
It takes a haircut and it turns it into an event.
It takes your day and it turns it into a mancation.
They'll have you walking out feeling 10 feet tall with the confidence that says
bring it on. Sport Clips
also has an online check-in so you never
have to wait for your cut. Sport
Clips, the pros and men's here.
And now enjoy
Jason Robinson.
Alright, it's time to bring on our
next guest. A second round pick by
Dallas at the 2017 draft.
This California-born left wing finished second and called the trophy vote in
last season and was named to the NHL all rookie team.
He's already hit the 20 goal mark this season and has an impressive 92 points
already in his first 93 NHL games.
It's a pleasure to welcome one of the league's bright young stars to the
spitting chick with podcast, Jason Robinson. How's it going, my friend?
Good. No, I'm glad to be here. It's pretty exciting. So it's pretty, it's a pleasure to have you. So what are you guys in Chicago
right now on a little road trip? Yeah, we just flew in about two days ago from Colorado. So we
came in and had the day off yesterday and went to the practice ring today. So we're just chilling
out. I think Chicago is actually playing tonight, so we'll get them on a back-to-back tomorrow.
Oh yeah, that's the best.
Did you tell any of the vets you were coming on?
I mean, I think Segi found out.
And then once he found out, he just, you know,
he's just chuckling and whatever, seeing what I'm going to do.
But we'll see.
I told my buddies.
My buddies were, like, you know, fired up. Like, you know, I never really do any of this stuff. So they were pretty fired up and interested to see what I was going to do, but we'll see. I told my buddies, my buddies were like, you know, fired up.
Like, you know, I never really do any of this stuff.
So they were, they were pretty fired up and interested to see what they would say.
So how, how's Seggie's cologne doing?
You got, do guys in the locker room give it to him about the ads that came out about the cologne?
Oh, it's, you know, sometimes it's overwhelming.
I think it wasn't so much this year, but last year, or maybe it was in the bubble.
They brought it up and I was a young guy, so I didn't know anything about it.
But he loves looking good, right?
Especially for warm-ups.
Before you got there, there was that famous picture of him
flexing his abs and stuff.
And then they had that fake poster of the girls in Boston.
Was it when he came back to town, R.A., about the prom or something?
Yeah, something a little outside the limits of what would normally be on a sign.
I didn't know if that was fake or real or not.
It is fake, I think.
Yeah, it was pretty outrageous stuff.
Yeah, I don't think they allow you to bring that in.
Maybe in the O when you're playing in Kingston.
I don't know about the show, though.
Well, there's nobody there to see it, so stop you.
No disrespect.
You guys are in the thick of basically a playoff race right now.
Do they almost have a playoff feel about some of these games?
Because you lose one, you're kind of dropping back a little bit.
What have these games been like lately?
Yeah, I mean, especially after the All-Star break,
we came in and these games are getting pretty
tight uh we just had a home and home to colorado and you know it was hard to have a playoff
mentality colorado because you know they're such a good team which i want to get you know just get
those two points and um but the other night against winnipeg we played winnipeg and that was
heavy hard checking game um everyone on our team is just getting more physical
because, you know, we're a physical team,
so we're just really getting in there.
And these games, these are important games,
especially these central games.
There's, like, four-point swings,
so everyone's just buying in right now.
And, you know, honestly, it's pretty fun to play in.
These games are really fun.
These important games, these points, they mean so much. So it's really fun to be in. These games are really fun. These important games, these points,
they mean so much. It's really fun to be out
there and especially win the games.
One of your
line mates this year, Joe Pavelski, obviously
a well-respected leader. We know what he does
on the ice, but what does he bring to the locker room that raises
the guys inside?
His voice.
He's one of the loudest guys in the room. He's
someone who will always go up to you and give you a sick tap
before he goes on the ice.
He's the first guy on the ice.
He's just ready to fire the guys up.
Just a phenomenal leader, and to have him on my line,
it's just, you know, I just learn a lot from him.
A lot of different little skills and everything.
He's been a great mentor to me, and he's been a great
he's, you know, he's  God, I think he's on pace for 90-some-odd points.
He hit four points the other night.
So he's putting the puck in the net.
It's crazy.
He's drinking from the fountain of youth.
And I think his comments were  I don't know if it was Widow talked to him
or Grinelli, but he said that you're a sponge.
It's like every day you show up to the rink, you're just ready to learn off him
and these other veteran guys and keep advancing your career. Yeah, yeah i mean he's the first guy on for morning skate you know he's 37 he's
still out there doing it getting his tips in um although i'm not really getting in the net with
him getting um you're more of a perimeter guy i'm actually on the side of the net um when he goes
out with the goalie when he tips it i'm just on the side of the net when he goes out with the goalie, when he tips it, I'm just on the side of trying to get that rebound.
Cause actually in games that does happen where I'm just, you know,
coaching around and getting that the free, you know, backdoor tip, but you know,
he's just so hard worker, everything and something, you know,
I aspire to be, you know, that's a long ways away, 15 years younger,
I think so. But when I get to that age, I want to be just like him,
still putting up numbers, being a good leader,
and still producing.
So he's a great mentor, and it's something that's privileged for me to not only have on my line, but to have on the team.
And tipping pucks, isn't it insane watching him?
I've said for a long time, best in the league,
that there's nothing that he doesn't get a stick on.
Yeah, he uses his white stick so he kind
of tracks it really good he has it all white all eight six so i'm trying to get you know putting
dead tips on how to do it no advice um he's showing these hip movements or or whatnot and
not like moving your stick around but um i can't you know i can never do what he does right he's
been doing it so long he's been so good at it it's just but I want to get there I'm gonna get there you're you're such a reserve guy from what we hear were
you nervous when you first got the Dallas with some of these names they got like the seconds
the bend like you know were you pretty quiet in the locker room at first or are these guys trying
to extract your your uh your personality out day to day, it was hard because, well, first I was there for three, three games.
My, when I was 20, I got called up and then I was in for the bubble and the bubble was 70 days.
You know, we made it all the way to the final.
I was there for seven, the whole 70.
I didn't play a game.
So I watched, I practiced and I kind of was, it was hard to get into the team because we weren't playing.
Right.
So it was hard. It was, it was a little difficult.
But my RIP hotel room towels.
Well, you know, I racked up my Marriott points though.
I certainly did that.
Up in Edmonton.
It's really nice. It's better than the Sutton.
That run, that run. I mean, I know you just played played three games but you had an unreal year in the ahl was there a chance you might get in in the early rounds like
were you kind of waiting or did you know going in it was probably not going to be your your time in
that playoff run i didn't know it was just pretty um i didn't know much i just especially this is
after the pandemic right this is just coming uh guys haven't skated for
three months and you come in and obviously you know you're one of the extra taxi squad guys and
um when you got in the thick of the playoffs um you just start to think you know guys we actually
uh we lost about four or five guys uh at the end at the end of last last series, we lost four players to injury. So I actually did take warm-ups twice,
twice in warm-ups in the finals.
So I have the game-worn Stanley Cup patch
or whatever jersey warm-ups.
Or warm-up worn, we'll say.
Yeah, warm-up worn jersey.
And that's hung up in my little game room at home.
Get some puck marks on it.
Just beat it up a little bit
nothing on it but um you know maybe gatorade or whatever from are you no bucket and warm-ups are
you are you rolling around with no showing the flow off and warm-ups now are you still wearing
it i mean my first nhl game uh this was in toronto uh in at the uh wherever the i don't know
during it's called in toronto and
um you know they took my helmet right they took my helmet off the stall and i didn't notice that
until i got uh till i got fully dressed i'm like i'm not freaking out but like i asked the guy like
where's my helmet where's my helmet neither's you know chuckling at me or whatever i'm like
oh god i'm gonna go out there with no helmet it's it's gonna
be awkward i've never done it before and i go out there and i'm like i skate a couple couple laps
and whatever i'm shooting pucks and i'm like i can't i don't feel comfortable i can't do this
like something's gonna hit off my head and i'm gonna be like you know i'm gonna get hurt so um
but that was the only time i wore no helmet and you know it was the last time i still don't know
how guys wear it now because pucks are flying guys are falling over the place it's warmups it's a disaster but you know so so
they basically bullied you in to go a no buck your first game which most guys get that treatment
another thing we keep hearing is they're trying to bully you into the credit card game when you
go for dinner but uh I don't want to use the word cheap but they said you're extremely extremely
frugal frugal I mean I don't say that I I like to take care I take care of the word cheap but they said you're extremely extremely frugal frugal i mean i don't say that i
i like to take care i take care of the guy sometimes but i said you know i set up the
reservation the other night so so he made a phone call because that kind of sounds like you do but
this kid's gonna sign for about 60 million at some point i wasn't even like it wasn't an insult i was
a guy selling clothes out of my trunk at fucking training camp for
Christ's sake. So when they do do credit card game, will you not partake?
No, no. I mean, you know, if the whole team's doing it, I'll do it for sure.
I'll be in it. I'm not going to say, no, I'm not in it.
But I mean, if they're going to ask, I'm like, you know what?
If everyone wants to do it, sure. But if you're not going to do it,
whatever, but well, another example they gave us was that you usually beat up the same exact suit
every game well but but you've been playing unreal so maybe it's a superstitious thing so
you can lean back on that well actually and I'll get back to that credit card thing because I
actually had a funny story about that um so but the suit I just you know i only have what i'm sure i'm sure you know
when you get home from a long road trip you just sold your stuff on the ground right i don't hang
any stuff up so i end up just having the only um drop like uh what's called uh suit that's been
dry cleaned and i bring it on the road and i and when it's home it's the only clean um suit i just
keep wearing it and then wearing it, wearing it,
wearing it until it eventually goes on the ground and then I clean it up.
But last year when we had our relaxed dress code on the road,
cause of COVID we had a relaxed dress code.
Guys would be wearing sweatshirts, jeans, whatever you want. Right.
And I wore this one polo shirt and i wore it every time
every time exclusively and guys would be like why are you wearing why are you wearing it
and i don't know it wasn't so much superstition but i was having a good year right so i just kind
of felt i just kind of felt professional and i just wanted to show up and feel good and just feel ready to go. So I wore that for last year.
I got to hear this credit card game story.
I got to hear this.
Yeah.
So we were, we had last year, my first, we had our home opener.
And then we had the second game.
My first game, I didn't know where the guys
go out for pregame meal.
They go to some place that's exclusive.
It was closed down, uh, just for them though.
Cause of COVID, just for them.
And, um, I go, I didn't go with my first time because I was nervous the second time though,
the second game of the season, uh, and going to this place.
Cause it said, you know, world will come over there and whatever. there's I don't know seven eight nine guys and I go there you
know have my food they bring out a pasta the stuff and um you know they bring out the credit card
game and I you know I never knew that I was this was my second game of the season uh I was still
you know Ricky right I didn't know anyone and then i'm playing cracker
game and i end up losing the game right and this is my second this is my second game and you know
you're on the tax squad so you're not fully on you know the payroll so i go out i put my i put
the card in i pay for it i call my mom said mom you're gonna see like a 500 bill on my statement
and you i don't need to worry about it. And then I never, I
think I got scratched. I played, that
was my last game before I was scratched for a few
weeks. And then I never went back
and they still go to, they still go now
and they're asking me, you know, where are you going to come? Like
I had that one bad experience and
I'm probably never going to go back, but
we'll see. Hey Biz, the
good thing is that the professional
athletes who go bankrupt you
don't usually hear of those guys calling their mom to say hey beware this charge that's coming
so i think you'll be good in the future they're seeing the haka son 14k on there being like oh
that's a tough one but at least i got their miles yeah well i was also 21 and they didn't know
anything now now you know the other night we're getting, I don't know,
our little group is getting Wagyu steaks,
and just throwing 100, like heading 100 bills, whatever.
You know, it's just whatever.
You're hitting all these rookie bonuses.
You got fucking four-piece suits coming in.
You're just starting to spend it.
Get a Lambo, park it next to Sagan and Ben's trucks.
Well, maybe. I don't know. They haven't told me what they've done yet but uh what they did we got a little uh
running joke r.a likes calling radulov what's what's your name for him the warthog warthog
the warthog so i got to see this i got to play against him in the khl when he was back after
his time in nashville and i saw him in the parking lot of the CSKA red army screaming at some guy.
It was car was in his way. He was going nuts.
And he had six points against us. It was,
have you seen him go nuts at all? Like,
cause he's a lunatic when he loses his mind.
I wouldn't say that. I think he's passionate. I think that's what it is.
If he's mad at someone, he's passionate about it. You know, he's going to yell at you.
He's going to scream at you, but on the ice, I mean,
he's just one of the most passionate guys you'll see really. I mean,
off the ice too, not even on the ice, but off the ice, he's,
he's such a great guy off the ice. He's so funny and everything, you know,
you don't really, you know, a lot of Russians,
I met a lot of Russians that are, you know, like, like Brad, he's everything you know you don't really you know a lot of Russians I I've met a lot of Russians that are you know like like Brad he's you know he's he's crazy he's loud but he's awesome
guy he's he's a great teammate but um yeah I mean when he scores goals you know he'll show you that
he scored a goal I remember he tipped the puck and he he made sure that everyone knew everyone
knew that he tipped that puck so yeah he's going on one knee doing his celebration.
You know, he's so passionate.
What about his fashion?
Is he wearing, like, obnoxious track suits to the rink?
Because in my experiences with playing with the Russians,
they just sometimes the outfits they wear are just atrocious.
Sometimes it's a little bit like, you know, what is he wearing?
But he's got that black, you know, all black circle sunglasses sometimes.
So, but, um, you know, he's, he's,
I don't really see him that often away from me, but, um,
he sure is funny guy.
We don't want to get you in trouble with all these vets to try to open up and
get you chirping them. But, uh, uh, all right.
I was going to ask and go back if you didn't have anything about the current
team and ask you about the way that you grew up I read an interesting story about the
fact that your old man was a lawyer in California and realized that you guys he well at least at
the time were very good at hockey but you needed better development so he actually stopped being a
lawyer moved you guys to Michigan took on two jobs just to put you guys in hockey there
so you could develop your skills.
And obviously that's a big bet that paid off.
Yeah, my dad, he's an attorney.
He still works.
He's still all around.
He comes to games when he can.
He moved us to Michigan when we were about,
when I was 10, we realized, you know, we're traveling to Toronto, to Winnipeg, to Chicago, Detroit,
and all these, you know, Midwest areas to play hockey.
Because in California, the AAA hockey, it's better now, but it was weak then.
You know, guys, you didn't have enough teams to fill up your own age.
So guys would be going to other teams and, you know, go play other teams in the Midwest.
So my dad made that decision,
or our whole family made that decision
to move out to the Midwest.
And, you know, my dad would commute back and forth
from Detroit to Los Angeles, taking red eyes.
And, you know, put a lot of pressure on my mom
to take care of us, but, you know, she's strong
and she, you know, really worked us really hard and kept us you know going and my little brother and
me um worked out for us in hockey i actually had an older brother who played hockey too
and uh he ended up you know hanging up the skates after a year at usc um whatever you call it um
club hockey played usc and uh my little sister there too but it was a great you know
like sacrifice for my family and i'm so glad that you know now they could see it my brother's going
to be there soon um and see it pay off now were you and your brother head and shoulders above the
other peers talent wise when you were in la like were you guys that much better like all right man
these guys got to grow somewhere else is that a big reason for that you're just being humble
well i i like to be a humble guy but i I mean, not only that, it was just,
you didn't play against anyone, right? You can't put, you gotta want,
you wouldn't measure against. Yeah. That's what my dad wanted.
He said, you want to play against the best players.
And that's why we moved out there.
The best competition was certainly in mid in the Midwest.
And then, you know, the Canadian teams too.
And eventually there wasn't enough, you know, competition here in California.
And that's why I moved to Detroit.
And then eventually, actually, I moved to Toronto when I was 15,
my minor midget year too.
You should use that as a bargaining tool to get your brother over to Dallas.
Yeah.
Re-sign there.
Maybe you get both the Robertson boys over there.
Yeah, I remember we were on a Disney team. We played
Disney hockey. It was in Anaheim.
We actually
got in trouble for scoring too many goals
on one team.
That's why you had to flee LA.
The Disney adults were after you.
Oh, this is all my age. Yeah.
Yeah. Now they're building their own compound, right?
RA somewhere. Aren't they building the Disneyland?
Yeah. Disney for adults, but we can get to that later biz,
but I wanted to go back to the OHL.
That's when you pretty much found out about it.
When you moved to Detroit, you used to go to Plymouth whales games.
Now, did you actually see your future teammate,
Tyler Sagan when you were to Detroit. You used to go to Plymouth Whales games. Now, did you actually see your future teammate, Tyler Sagan, when you were a little kid?
I think, so I moved there when I was about 10,
so it would have been the 10-11 season.
I think he played his first year in NHL,
the 10-11 season.
But I do remember, you know, I don't remember much,
but I remember seeing pictures, right?
When I'm a little kid and you go to an OHL rinkink you can't tell the difference from an nhl rink really you see the pictures of players
on the wall and you think oh my god like this is super cool right that's that's what you see
guys with visors and you know all that stuff so i do remember seeing his picture up there and
a couple of the of the other guys too when when you got to michigan you know you start playing against
better players like you mentioned and there's some unreal programs you got little caesars all
these different you know teams you can play on there what made you end up even going to toronto
was it just because the hockey's even better like looking towards the ohl is your future or was it
something else that brought you up north i think i'll be honest i wanted to go ohl when i once i
fully made that decision when i was 13 to 14, kind of like, you know,
you see all these guys go to CHL, making the NHL from the CHL.
And I wanted to just, when I was 14, I was like,
I just want to get to NHL, right. That's all you want to do. And, you know,
at the time that's what my family thought I thought was the fastest way to go
CHL.
And that's why I ended up moving to Toronto to try to get that exposure to get in the
OHL.
You mentioned your mom.
She's from the Philippines and you're the third player of Filipino descent in NHL history.
Our pal Tim Stapleton, we've had him before.
Matt Dunbar.
And of course, your brother's the other one.
Are your games a big hit on TV back in the Philippines?
I mean, you must still have relatives back there, right?
I think everyone, my whole mom's side moved to Los Angeles. Yeah. So we have all that side in the Philippines? I mean, you must still have relatives back there, right? I think everyone, my whole mom's side moved to Los Angeles.
Yeah, so we have all that side.
I've actually never been to the Philippines,
but we'll see how that goes.
But I'm on my mom's side.
I'll move to California.
All right, you didn't know the Philippines.
There's big discussions right now about how to switch up
the NHL All-Star game to make it more entertaining.
It's enormous over there.
All over the internet.
We need you on Team World with Nathan Walker for Australia
just to grow the game, buddy.
We need you.
Actually, speaking of world competition,
you must have been really bummed out.
You would have made that Olympic team this year.
Yeah.
Crazy to think that a couple years ago i bet but what you've done i mean no it's a no-brainer yeah well i mean i'm
gonna be honest with you i actually got an invite about four or five years ago to play for team china
oh billy billy reached out to you uh what's his name's owner but it was about four or five years ago when i was
i think just got drafted and uh they had their camp i don't know where their camps were but
and they had they asked me if i had any chinese descent or anything anything in wherever in your
bloodline uh it could be like your great-grandmother's brother or whatever it's anything and i was interested so i
asked my mom and she went back and found a little bit of it and uh but i you know opted not to you
know go that route because i didn't want to go to the camps i didn't want to do any of this stuff i
just wanted to play for play for the u.s and it was unfortunate but um you know there's always
four years from now yeah exactly well but Jay, you've also become a role model
to not just kids of Filipino descent,
but other Asian countries as well.
Is that something that sort of comes natural to you
or something you had to get used to,
you know, sort of being this role model
for, you know, kids from all these different countries
that maybe aren't too familiar with hockey?
Yeah, no, definitely now at this big stage,
that's what I look at.
When I was growing up in California though, I mean,
the majority of the players were of Asian descent.
Like when I was growing up, I thought it was pretty normal, you know,
cause these, these, they didn't, hockey's an expensive sport, you know,
especially in California and you'd see all,
there weren't that many players.
So you'd see a lot of Asian hockey players.
And then when I moved to Michigan, you don't see that much.
And then you started, then it wants to get drafted.
I think that's when it clicked in.
I think someone mentioned to me, I was one of the few guys to be drafted.
And that's pretty, that's pretty exciting now.
Cause you know, I'll go to away rinks.
I remember I was in New Jersey and I saw a lady,
I think she was wearing a New Jersey devil's Jersey, like the Jersey,
not the Jersey because they have a lady, I think she was wearing a New Jersey devil's jersey, like the jersey, not the Jersey because they have a Jersey, but she had a Filipino flag up.
And I thought that was pretty cool. You know, and I, you know,
gave her a stick to have to nervous. So that was, that was pretty neat.
That's a cool moment for me.
Yeah. That's awesome stuff. Have you been watching what just mentioned the Olympics?
Have you been watching them at all? Well, I know you obviously on the road, but.
Yeah. I mean, whenever
it's on TV in the room, I know that
U.S. lost yesterday.
And the other U.S. lost
two games ago.
Oh, well.
It's been a couple
tough days for USA Hockey.
We're not getting biz all
fired up right now.
Did the training, the program, did they reach out to you at all?
I knew you were bound to go in the OHL,
but did they ever reach out to you about playing for the national program
when you were younger?
Yeah, I didn't really think about the program.
It just didn't really come out to me.
I know that by the time I kind of made that decision to go to junior,
to the OHL when I was 15,
you know, I kind of made clear that I just want to go play in the OHL. So it was, I had no, no, no, no opinions on it.
It was just something that happened, like just go and play in the OHL.
So what about your draft year?
Because, you know, you've seen what you've done in the NHL, point per game player.
So I went back to the draft year, you lit it up over 40 goals, but then you go in the second round, you know, you've seen what you've done in the NHL, point-per-game player. So I went back to the draft year.
You lit it up, over 40 goals, but then you go in the second round. Like, what were the expectations going in?
Were you surprised to have dropped that far?
What was the whole vibe before the draft and approaching all that time?
Well, actually, fun fact, I just drove past the United Center
where I got drafted five years ago.
So that's, you know, pretty neat.
I was talking to a couple guys on the team that we just got drafted there but I mean that was tough it wasn't really
expectations you know you just want to get drafted when I was you know 17 you just want to get
drafted didn't matter where you went you just wanted to you know want to get your name called
and I had a good year in my draft year,
but you know, the things happen the way they do. And I'll be honest, when I went to the combine, I never talked to Dallas at the combine.
I talked to 26 teams. Dallas wasn't one of them. So yeah,
that was pretty funny. So I talked to 26, 27 teams at the combine in Buffalo.
And so, you know, you're going through the, you know,
you're looking at the teams, you're going through the teams.
You're like, oh, you talked to this team, blah, blah, blah.
And then the 39th pick Dallas comes up and I'm like, oh, okay, we'll see.
And then they call my name.
Like, oh God, like I never, I don't know anyone.
Like I had not talked one moment to any of these people.
And I'm getting introduced to Jim nill and the owners and everything and i'm like you guys even talk to me and then you know they end up telling my dad's like you know they knew that they knew
that they wanted me so they didn't need to talk to me about it so they didn't think you were going
to be around well i didn't i don't think i did but um you know i don't want to meet any chance
did detroit did detroit interview you sorry what did detroit uh give you a a interview
yeah i know i i i know detroit did because i i remember that detroit did i don't remember all
the teams some teams were a little like uh you know the questions were a little intense i don't
remember all i don't remember the teams but i remember bullshit who fucking grilled you jason I remember some people. Bullshit. Who fucking grilled you, Jason? Do you not remember
because you smoked a bowl with Eisenman
during the interview? Do you not remember after
that? Be honest. You know he's got a
problem.
No, I mean, I actually don't remember.
I know one team got me to look at
video, and they had like a laser
and whatever, and asked me what I would do here and
what I'd do there.
I'm 17.
This is NHL footage. I don't know anything what I do there. You know, I'm 17. I just, you know, this is NHL footage.
Like, I don't know anything.
I just don't know each other, right?
So I don't know if that's the reason why the team didn't draft me.
Now I'm bucking around.
Were you nervous going to these rooms at 17?
I mean, yeah.
I'm not going to lie. It was.
This was like the first time it's like, you know, really,
you're meeting the teams you're, you're seeing these, you know,
you're seeing everyone you look up to. I remember seeing Broder there.
I think he was with St. Louis at the time.
Seeing all these, all these red hex doll. I don't know.
A lot of these little names come up to me, but you see all these people.
And it's like, wow, this is like real.
They,
you know,
they're talking to you.
It's not just a phone call or an email because they would send you
questionnaires and all that stuff.
And you just finally meet these teams.
And that's when I really thought,
well,
this is real,
but I'll be honest with you.
I was more nervous about the on ice testing or the off ice testing.
And the interviews,
the off ice testing was just,
you know, it was just a pain.
The VO2 and the pull-ups, push-ups, and everything.
That was a lot of stress.
What's an example, I guess, of an intense question
for a guy who's never gone through interviews like that?
What kind of questions are they asking that freak you out?
I mean, I think one of the questions was,
would you want to play 10 years in the NHL and then of the questions was would you play uh would you want
to play 10 years in the nhl and then make the playoffs or one year and win the cup i think
that's one sounds like oh my god you're like buddy i want to make bank what do you think
how much can i sell my cup ring for yeah that's that's a question i'm not the answer here but
you know you can take that for
what it's worth and uh that is a tough question though you're 17 you're you know and i don't
you don't know if it's a trick question or not and um you know i don't remember i said
you don't remember okay well let's ask you right now what would you say
you gotta say 10 years tell him to fuck off bring up her ass i need some fucking security in life
no i think i think i'll be honest i i probably said 10 years i mean you want to play in the nhl
as long as you can um but uh you know maybe in the 11th year you can win the cup right
there you go is it kind of a whirlwind about how fast it happened? Because, you know, you were drafted, you went to the American league,
I believe in Austin that first year,
and then all of a sudden you're in the NHL and you're a point of game player.
And now you're, you're up for a contract negotiation this summer.
Like, has it even set in? Are you just trying to kind of stay focused?
Like what's your, what's your feeling on all of it?
Yeah. I mean, I'm not, I've always been, I'm not,
I want to be modest or anything i've always
been a you know offensive guy you know i produce and i've been you know fortunate enough to be able
to do that um you know i've been able to to play with a lot of great players play a lot of coaches
so uh for me right now it's just you know going out there and playing hockey i'm having fun i'm
i'm acting i'm in a position where the you know the coach staff and the team you know, going out there and playing hockey. I'm having fun. I'm, I'm acting, I'm in a position where the, you know, the coach staff and the team, you know,
allow me to be out there and do what I would do. Right. I'm not, you know,
boxed in or whatever they, you know, we have that relationship and it's a
privilege really to be able to do that and do my, do my thing out there.
But I can't do that without the team, my teammates or anything. So, you know,
I'm just putting in the,
I've been in a good spot when i was in niagara and kingston uh in austin when i was playing there i was i was in a good scenario where
um they put me in the top six i was able to play minutes and learn and then you know even though i
don't i'm disappointed i was in the bubble i was disappointed i ever played in playoffs i was there
for 70 days and i watched a lot of hockey. I learned a lot and practiced every day, honestly.
So it's getting better, getting more familiar with the coaches and everything.
And eventually, you know, last year just took a few games in a few weeks to skip that stride.
And I'm fortunate enough to keep going, keep that going.
So correct me if I'm wrong, but you strike me as somebody that
hockey's everything to you, and it's been that way for a long time.
Are you a kid who, starting when you moved to Michigan,
it's like, I want to play in the NHL.
This has been the sole focus your entire life?
Yeah, pretty much.
I remember when I was 10, 11, 12, my dad would take us to skate in Michigan
at 6 in the morning
um every every day every weekday i mean that's that's all we wanted to do we we were homeschooled
um for i was homeschooled pretty much until i got to high school and ohl so it was just exclusively
you know going to get worked on you know shoot plex pucks, go skate, go do whatever, you know, do whatever you can.
And I've been fortunate not only to have the parents to sacrifice
to do that for me, but I've also had my brothers,
my brothers Michael and Nick and my sister Bree, who had my back.
And, of course, my little brother pushing me
and we pushing each other to get better and everything.
So it's great to be able to, you know, go forward with that.
What's your, did you ever see in Michigan,
a little five, four guy pushing a truck, running, running with his dad.
Cause we just interviewed, we just interviewed a guy, Nathan Gerby.
It was dad used to make him run home five miles after you had a bad practice.
So no, if you ever caught him at 6.
No, actually one thing though i do remember this um so i was on little caesars
uh what sorry when i was on little caesars um this was during the lockout year right so this
is uh there wasn't uh the detroit red wings weren't playing so we were at the joe lewis
and uh i remember when i was 12 and i must have had a bad game or whatever and my head coach told me
to go run the stairs at the Joe Lewis and I was I was 12 years old running the stairs at Joe Lewis
and half I had a half year my mom and dad want me to go home ready to go home and I'm running
stairs the old roof all the way up down and of the the Joe Lewis and I was you know I was just
I didn't know any better I was doing what you're told, right?
Get me back to Disney.
I was just going to transition. You said your coach did that at Little Caesars.
Who would you say was the most impactful on your career as far as the coaches
you had? Like,
was there a one guy who really tapped your potential or untapped,
I guess I should say.
Yeah. I mean, I think, think you know I have two coaches really um I would say
uh the first one is my skills coach I still uh Tommy Menino um I still work with him now um all
the time when I'm in Detroit um he he's been I've been working in the past 10 years and he's just
you know he's always been there for me always pushed me um i still watch
game film of of my games now with him right so i'm still talking to him i'm still always in with him
and he's uh upskate with him skills coach everything i work not only my brother my
whole family's been known him for a while um so we're barely privileged to have that relationship. And for, I mean, for hockey, I think the biggest change for me,
I think when I was 17 in my draft year, that's when I kind of knew, like,
you know, I had to start becoming more of a pro.
I think my coach there, Paul McFarlane, he put a lot of onus on me on the ice
to become more of a complete player instead of just a guy who just goes out and scores goals
and kind of kept me really accountable there.
Because, I mean, I'm going to be honest with you, I was 16, 17.
You know, I just wanted to score goals.
I just want to go out there.
Who doesn't want to go out there?
Same here, buddy.
You can work out.
You could have used Tommy Menino or whoever the fuck you said.
No, you could. buddy. This can work out. Could I use Tommy Menino or whoever the fuck you said? Yeah.
No,
you could.
Yeah.
So he's,
he's,
he was a good influence on me trying to become a better 200 foot player.
And then,
but all my coaches are great.
Like I said before,
I was put in a great scenario,
great situation everywhere.
I went wherever I played the coaches,
uh,
always had my back and let me just be the player.
And Jason, I mean, you paste the offense on rail five on five numbers are incredible. played the coaches uh always had my back and let me just be the player i am jason i mean you pace
the offense on rail five on five numbers are incredible like what do you attribute your high
hockey hockey iq to is it coaching is it just natural instincts no way to be what would you
say is the biggest factor for that i think it's a lot of reps um just playing a lot of hockey over
the years um and i'll also i mean i have two of the best line mates in the NHL our defensemen are top notch
D-man too so it's no
slouch we have I'm privileged
to have such a good line
mates and team to be on right
so but you know
we get put out in good scenarios Ozone draws
everything you know
sometimes Bowen says don't put me
out for D-zone draws
liability no not liability i just you know he just wants me to get in the ozone right yeah
it's a contract here don't say liability yeah yeah oh shit let's delete that g delete that or
or or put it as a headline um one guy that we don't really hear a lot about is rupe hints and
we talked about pavelski already like for people who don't really hear a lot about is Rupe Hintz. And we talked about Pavelski already.
Like, for people who don't really follow hockey that much,
or at least in Dallas, like, what does this guy bring to that lineup?
I honestly think he's one of the fastest guys in NHL.
Once he gets going, he's like a horse.
When he gets up that middle of the ice, I mean, I remember last game twice,
I just threw a soft it would have
been a soft pizza like in the neutral zones to the other team i'm just like trying to get it in i
end up throwing a muffin and he just splits the d for a breakaway like out of absolutely nowhere
and he got that twice he got a couple breakaways last game i remember one year
or not even this year i dumped the puck in and i'm like okay i'm feeling
it all right you know when you have that you have that moment when you're feeling like i'm gonna get
i'm gonna hit this guy i'm gonna run this guy over on the forecheck i'm gonna put in his quarter
and i'm gonna go skate as hard as i can and trying to nail i put in the corner i'm like
getting ready to go you know first gear i look over my shoulder he's galloping right next to me
and he's gone right in that corner.
I'm like, okay, let me slow down.
Let him get in the zone.
And he gets on the forecheck so fast,
but his speed is just one of his attributes.
He's got good hands, great shot and everything,
but I think that explosiveness in the middle of the ice
just sets him apart from a lot of players.
One guy, I know he's currently with the AHL squad right now,
but Anton Hudobin, I know you've spent some time with him.
This guy, one of the bigger characters in the NHL.
Any funny stories about Dobby out there?
Yeah, I mean, Dobby's great.
I mean, that's, you know, the thing that's going on right now.
But it's the thing, the, well, honestly,
I think the best story for him was the bubble. Oh my God.
He was outstanding in the bubble and he was always there. He was putting,
you know, when Bisco went down, he, you know, he sold games.
He really stole games. And when he had that, he had that moment saying,
you know, we're not going home or whatever after I don't remember what game it
was, but that was a pretty funny moment.
We had the chain around him and
everything. So he's, he's a great, he's a great, you know, competitor.
You know, he's also a great teammate.
And we we've made jokes about the contracts and stuff.
You're in your last year of your entry level deal.
Is that something you're even thinking about?
Have you just mentally pushed it off to the season that the agent deal with
it?
Yeah. I mean, it's hard to,
it's hard to do it
because you see all these players before like you know i'm growing up you see all the players
ask the same question right you never realize that until they ask you and then it's happening
it's real so um but like i said i just i know i go out there and i just play hockey and you know
i just do my thing i don't want to change anything you know there's nothing much i can do i just want to go out there and keep helping the team win so and i let the you
know my agent deal with everything and um i'm comfortable here in dallas i love it here you
know this is a great spot for me i'm really fortunate i was drafted here and really um
and i love dallas i love how hot it is. No more calling mom about the 500 charges,
hopefully, after this year.
Actually, not anymore this year.
Now it's full-time.
Last year, guys would be in and out of the taxi squad.
But, like, you got to be not surprised,
but I love playing against Dallas.
Like, the fans down there are rabid.
I mean, especially when the team's playing well.
It's an awesome barn, too.
You must really kind of look at it and say, wow,
I got lucky enough to play in Austin, which is probably the best AHL town.
And then I'd say playing for the Dallas Stars has got to be one of the top
NHL cities as well.
I mean, I think I've played in  I don't think I've played in
I think I've played all but five rinks now.
So, but I, I mean, I can, I can adjust the buildings or whatever,
but I mean, the location, like, you know,
I don't want to bag on Chicago or anything, but it's freezing here.
The wind is, the wind is, it's pretty brutal.
It was just snowing and it was raining pretty hard last night.
And, you know, when you go to Dallas, the weather is outstanding.
But the fans, I mean, we were open.
We were open about 5,000 fans last year.
And it was still pretty loud.
And now, you know, we got full capacity.
And, you know, they're singing their songs.
And, you know, they're really into the skits that they put on,
the Jumbotron and everything.
So it's just, you know, and I love our rink.
I think our rink's, you know, the Belay at our at our rings probably one of the best that i've seen really it's just
the layers and you know the colors and um they got all the the what do you call the cheerleaders
and everything you got all buddy thank god you mentioned that they smell oh unbelievable when
they go by the bench i would get a half chub every fucking time
they put them i think they do this on purpose in dallas they put all the the cheerleaders that
have the skates on that go shovel the snow between the whistles ra i know i know ra knows about them
but they put them where the guest team goes out and i think there's a picture online with
commodore just kind of like staring over like you know coming out of the tunnel have you had any runs with these ladies are you guys told to
keep your distance you got the ones on the concourse with the pom-poms like i mean come on
i can't be the only one getting half chubs when i played there i mean it still did i mean they got
the mask on so it's a little hard but you know that's actually maybe not i'll keep that
to myself yeah but when they do i mean you could the smell alone must get you going though
well depends how the game is going you know you know you're feeling good
if you start you know get your eyes moving a little bit but uh definitely sometimes it's
just you're focused in so hard yeah i know some guys some guys are doing
this some guys you know look at that they oh yeah what guys what guys do shit you don't want here
jason one of them wear 91 yeah he's got the number on his tape job on his stick funny thing
i think i don't think he saw he saw i must saw it yesterday, but I haven't told anyone. But there was a sign up in Colorado.
I think it was Colorado or whatever.
And some lady has a sign saying, I know I'm not a blonde,
but can I get a puck?
Like, I thought that was pretty funny.
I thought you were going to say a different word.
Hey, so going back to the fans,
that you guys have this glass banger guy that that is behind
the opposing goalie yeah have you have you noticed him i think he wears an all-white suit he's a
lunatic he's a nightmare yeah i actually didn't notice until this year um the sign because now
you i can't not look not not look at it now so that's actually pretty neat i'm really glad that
they have um they all actually always have this guy that uh during the anthem and then the anthem
which actually the anthem thing i think is the coolest thing i love that i love when they say
that it's just uh when they yell stars twice it's just they say it once and then the second time
they do even louder because everyone's into it i think that's the one of the coolest things in
hockey you know traditions or whatever but there's always. I think that's one of the coolest things in hockey traditions or whatever.
But there's always this one guy at the end of the anthem screaming,
let's go, Jamie Benn, every time.
Every time, let's go, Jamie Benn.
And sometimes you don't even  it's part of like when I hear it,
I'm like, where is this  when is he going to say it?
Like it's so funny.
They're an outstanding fan.
They're the best fans.
He seems like a pretty quiet guy, Jamie Benn he is he that way in the locker room yeah i mean i think
when it comes out to the public or whatever i think he's more of a you know private guy but
he's you know he cares about everyone right he's he's he wants all of us to get along he's he's a
great he's you know the best captain right he he gels all of us together get along. He's a great, he's, you know, the best captain, right? He gels all of us together.
He wanted us to come out last night and just hang out
and just, you know, be around the boys and everything.
So, and he's a big voice in the locker room.
He's one of the funniest guys.
He's just, you know, one of the best leaders too.
You mentioned Pavelski.
You used the word mentor a couple of times.
Do you feel like he might be molding you
for a future leadership role with
this team or just your career going forward?
I think with the habits
the habits are
going off the ice. I'm a little bit
still just a younger guy. I don't
really learn. I learn from
it, but I won't sit. He's getting the
boys riled up. I'm not going to get the boys riled up.
I'm still 22. I'm not going to do that. riled up. Right. I'm still 22. Right.
I'm not going to do that.
Well, let's wait till you sign this deal and you might change your mind there.
Well, if they want me to, then I will. So.
Well, one thing I want to know is you're so hockey focused.
What's the one thing that, that gives you your escape?
Are you a movie guy, Netflix? Do you go to amusement parks?
Like what's your one thing in order to get away?
I'm a big gamer.
Okay.
What are you playing?
I'm more sport.
I love playing FIFA.
FIFA's my game and Madden.
I play a lot of Madden too.
I just play  if I could play Chell with my brother,
I'd play Chell with my brother.
But that's just pretty much exclusively FIFA.
That's pretty much all I do.
I go home and go to the rink, do my work, come home, play FIFA,
and then, you know, that's it.
Are you a big soccer fan in real life?
I don't have time to watch soccer, right?
They're all playing at stupid times.
Honestly, though, when it's like the World Cup, though, or the Euros, that's when I get into it, right? They're all playing at stupid. Honestly, though, when it's like the world cup or the euros,
like that, that's when I get like into it.
Right.
Those are like, I get sick.
You get, you get behind a team or whatever.
You see all this stuff.
The world cup's coming up this year.
I know Canada is actually going to make the world cup, which is.
Say it fucking say it, buddy.
You want to get your jabs in?
Cause we bet you over in the women's Olympics.
You want a piece of me, buddy?
You want to go Canada versus us right now? No uh um on the the brother front i heard that uh he facetimes your mom twice a day so is he kind of the the uh the mama's boy of the family yeah i mean
and i think he takes that he'll take that honor. I mean, I call my mom, probably I call my mom every day, like she's with my dad, I call my parents every day. But I think he he's the one that does that. I think he has his thing. So but he also, I mean, he lived in, he lived in what because I moved to Miss Toronto for one year, and I moved my mom. So it was just me, my mom and my little my older brother, Michael.
I moved my mom. So it was just me, my mom and my brother, my older brother,
Michael. And then,
and then my little brother came behind me and he was there for two years. His band of major, major, minor.
So he lived with my mom for two years by himself, my brother left.
So I'm sure they got really close there. So it's, I'm sure he'll,
he can take that from me. I'll give it to him.
I saw he's only played five games this year.
Is he battling injury or what's going on?
So, actually, unfortunately, the second game of the year, he broke his leg.
Oh, that sucks.
Yeah, he broke his fibula in October.
And he just recently came back about a week or two ago.
He scored a couple goals the other night.
Nice.
So, he's kind of getting back, he's kind of feeling it
but it was tough for him
he had injury problems last year
but he doesn't always
come back strong and he's ready to roll
ready to go so it's exciting to
see him, well I actually watch him now
it's exciting to see him to get back
out there but
that was a tough injury but
he's a strong kid.
Jason, you seem like a new school guy, obviously dialed into the hockey.
You play the video games on your time off.
You had an IG post about Def Leppard and journey.
Are you into all the old school classic tunes or was that just kind of random?
No, I mean, actually I, when I was growing up, when I was, uh,
when I lived in Detroit, we all Detroit, we listened to all that stuff, like the 80s, 70s rock and, you know, the Toto, the Death Leopard, I don't know, the Fleetwood Mac, everything.
You know, it was a big thing for me listening to because I wasn't too much into the music then uh and then you know actually
the lead singer of journeys from the philippines i was gonna ask you about that yeah the whole
backstory knew that and steve i know steve perry left and everything and um but no it's it's i like
all the music pretty much you got a go-to song to fire you up well maybe a couple of them
i mean i every year just varies
right you find one tune and we'll just switch it up there's not like pretty much not one not one
one thing it just gives me go i'm ready all right it's only it's only one golf shirt dude it's not
one song it's just yeah he's got one shirt he's got one suit i thought maybe he'd have one song
hey well jason i, this has been awesome.
It's awesome watching you play.
We appreciate you joining the show.
I mean, it's going to be a crazy long career for you ahead.
And I think you're going to make a lot of dough.
So I'm happy for you.
And good luck the rest of the way this year.
No, no, thanks for having me.
I really appreciate it.
It's nice to talk to you guys.
Tell Sagan I'm coming after him in the cologne industry me and uh me and my boy uh leon leon we're coming out with one so he's
gonna have some competition i'm gonna have some fucking pictures on the internet with my abs
we're gonna spray paint a fucking eight pack right here buddy and tell him i'm coming for him
well we'll see if i get one too i don't know oh you're gonna come out with one
which scent
oh I don't know
maybe I will
I don't know
we'll see
yeah
your scent will be bong rips
by Stevie Y
Jason one last one
any significance
to the number 21
that you wear
I wanted to ask
oh
they gave it to me
that's it
alright simple enough
perfect story
I'll face it now
it's actually unfortunate
because I see all the jerseys ahead of me
wearing number 21, but it's another number.
So, but, you know, whatever.
Well, you're going to make your own mark with it, brother.
You've already done so far.
So continue doing what you're doing.
We enjoyed having you.
And continued success this season.
Yeah, no, thanks, guys.
I appreciate it.
Our pleasure.
Thank you very much to Jason Robertson, a young stud, well-spoken.
You can tell, very humble kid who's just constantly working on improving his craft
and becoming a legit game-breaker in the NHL.
So we appreciate him coming on, and I need to tell all you guys,
that interview was brought to you by GameTime.
This is a new partner with Barstool Sports, and they are crushing it.
GameTime is a brand- new app created by fans for fans
that's changing the way we buy tickets
and has become one of the fastest growing companies in America.
That is true.
They are buzzing.
Here's the story.
Years ago, GameTime's founder, Brad,
is at a bar with his brother before game seven of the NLCS
and he sees ticket prices dropping rapidly.
So he buys them on his phone,
but then he realizes he has to print them.
He ends up bribing the bar owner to let him into his office. And after 20 minutes of login bullshit
and ink issues, he gets to the tickets, but he misses the first inning. That's a disaster when
you're spending big money. He thought, wow, I got a great last minute deal, but this was a giant
pain in the ass. And the GameTime app was born that day today over 15 million people have
downloaded this app 15 million it's created by fans for fans the game time app makes it easier
than ever to score last minute deals on tickets to sports concerts shows everything you can imagine
if you've ever dreamed of sitting in a seat that you never thought you could
be in courtside behind home plate four seats at concert, it is possible with the GameTime app.
The biggest last-minute price drops can be found on the seats
you thought you could never buy.
And the best part, you get 20 off on your first purchase.
Download the GameTime app, go to the account tab to create a login
and redeem code CHICLETS, C-H-I-C-L-E-T-S,
for 20 off your first purchase.
Terms apply.
Download GameTime.
Last minute tickets.
Lowest price.
Guaranteed.
And biz.
Aunt Marsha.
She used GameTime, didn't she?
No, I used it because they don't give me the seats on the glass there for the Coyotes because I'm just the bagel boy radio guy.
I get the upper bowl seats.
But downloaded the app.
Got Marsha her seats were on the glass just to get that sweat finger from nathan mckinnon now gee you should have had this app for the time that you
got ripped off at what msg where you got uh i did yeah so when i got ripped off for john mayer i
immediately downloaded the game time app and that's how i got my girlfriend the billy eilish
tickets so you won't end up ever dealing dealing with tickets on a pizza box from a
homeless man.
Game time.
Game time has you get the best seats at the best prices.
Please go download the app now and get to experience the game changing
app that will allow you to go to never ending games that you never
imagined you could go to.
Yeah.
The Sabaro,
the pizza box tickets.
Best pizza in New York city.
Oh my goodness.
What do we got, R.A.?
Well, we've been saying
for a long time now that the East has been decided.
We know who the eight teams are going to be.
We're still not sure what's going to happen,
but the Columbus Blue Jackets,
we've got to doubt them up here.
They've made a valiant effort.
I think they're 10 points behind Washington
with a game in hand right now.
But they had gone on a run where they got points in 12 out of 16 games.
They leapfrogged Detroit.
They looked like they were, I think, seven points behind at a certain point.
But this team, I've been watching them, Paul.
Unbelievably exciting team to watch.
Elvis Merzligans, we talked about him before.
I mean, his GAA is high because they play a run-and-gun style.
He's an excellent goalie.
There's just a lot of goals because of the style they play.
But this team has been unreal.
Patrick Laine, absolute tier, but they've been doing it by committee.
Boone Jenner, Jake Voracek, Patrick Laine just said,
all of Bjorkstein, Zach Gorenski, Nyquist.
These guys are just, there's eight, 10 guys getting it done every night.
And I would love to see this team get in.
I know the Capitals are the team they're chasing right now,
but there's a team that's working hard it doesn't always maybe get the recognition
they deserve so I thought we should give a big shout out to the Columbus Blue Jackets this week
Paul well yeah I mean I think we mentioned it earlier in the pod sometimes with like new players
you know and personnel it's difficult well they got a new coach and they're coming off of uh
of torts and he's a lot more defensive minded so you mentioned how they're a little bit more fun to
watch this year a little bit more offense and you know that run and gun style buchigrass sent out a
tweet they have the most come from behind victories uh this season with 18 that's crazy dude yeah with
you know taking that slow start into account i mean this and and like i said they got 26 games
left i would imagine they probably have to win about 18 of them if they want to
have a fighting chance at making that wild card spot. But Hey,
if you're a Columbus blue jackets fan, you are very excited for the future.
You finally got lining going, which, you know,
I was a little worried about, you know, he went from Winnipeg,
a place where I think that he, I don't know if he wanted to be there anymore.
I don't know what the falling out was or how he was feeling towards that.
Then he goes to another small market.
Not sure how it was going to pan out, but you can really see it.
The fact that he's been able to be himself there, come out of his shell.
You see him showing up to every game and these fun suits and stuff.
And as far as the fans support is concerned, probably had a lot to do with the fact that it was the Rick Nash jersey
retirement night, but they've been drawn really well.
That game was 107 sold out standing room only for Rick Nash night.
But the fact that they're still coming in droves and supporting that team
and really helping with this push.
I love when small markets are able to have success in the national hockey
league. So shout out to that
fan base and that whole team brad larson's got the boys playing hard and i mean they got some
some good young talent there too so they're going to be good for years to come what do you guys
think patrick liney gets this off season so they i think that they he's restricted still he's
restricted but the way they do it with the qualifying offer, I think he's got to go a bump up from seven and a half million, I want to say.
So I think that he's the type of guy, especially with this
I think he's got 15 goals in his last 20 games or something ridiculous like that.
I think he's going to be the type of guy
I know I would be a little bit weary of giving him like an eight times eight,
but I think that he's going to at least get an eight times eight,
if not eight times nine, as far as pure goal scores in the league, he's,
he's up there with the best of them, just a lethal shot. So I would,
I would say it's probably going to cost some 9 million for eight years.
Also, I know blue jacket fans who listen to the show. It's it, we,
we haven't discussed them a ton this year because of, this year because it looked like they were going to struggle.
They've been great.
So one guy I'll say we're going to work on trying to get, at least I'd love to talk to,
is Jarmo Kekkalainen because as a GM who's European,
who's been there to have to deal with guys to just keep wanting to leave,
they had the Duchesne, they had Panarin, they had all these guys that didn't want to be there anymore.
I'd love to ask him some questions on how he approaches that
and how he continues to build a good competitive team.
And I think that the best young player they have is that Cole Sillinger.
He is a treat to watch play.
I know that at times this year he's had a little bit of a slow spurt here and there,
but he is going to be a special young player.
So that's a fun team to watch,
even though you didn't expect much going into the year.
And they had a stretch where 10 of their 11 games went over.
That was just like eight, nine, 10 goals every game.
I don't know if Elia was on them at all, but it was a bounty of goals.
Also, another little story that ties to the Blue Jackets.
Three of the wins on their winning streak there.
J.F. Perube, this guy was drafted by the Kings in the fourth round of the 0-9 draft. He wins on the winning streak. They had J.F. Perube.
This guy was drafted by the Kings in the fourth round of the 0-9 draft.
He had a few cups of coffee around the league.
He hadn't played in the NHL since the 17-18 season.
He played for five AHL teams in the meantime.
He got called up.
He played four games for them.
I think he's still in the roster.
He hasn't played lately.
He went three and one with a 9-2-4 save percentage.
Won three out of four games.
Just like I said before, I love these stories.
Guy hasn't been in the league in years.
All the goalie situations, guys getting sick and trading and all that.
He gets called up and has a nice little run.
I hope we see him again, man, because I don't know why we haven't,
because he played his ass off those.
Great guy.
Won a Calder Cup with him in Manchester.
Ugliest toenails you've ever seen in your life.
Like so bad he looked like Harry Dunn in Dumb and Dumber when they got the power thing out.
That's how we used to have to cut him in the locker room.
Shout out Barube.
Yeah.
He shot you in the head, though.
He's a horrible shot.
Oh, we got some more congratulations, Biz.
Vegas coach Pete DeBoer won his 500th game Tuesday
versus one of his old teams, the San Jose Shocks.
He's the 28th coach to do so,
which you got to consider that pretty select company.
I mean, there's probably been, what, 9,000 coaches in the NHL
considering how many guys have been fired.
Only the 28th to hit 500 games.
He's in his 15th season.
He's been around for a while.
And I thought, Biz, he made a little appearance
on behind the scenes with the Chicklets Cup.
And he was like, this guy's a funny bastard, man.
I think we only see him at press conferences and he's kind of,
he's in coaching mode.
But he had a ton of personality there.
And I think maybe people saw a different side of him in that video.
I think he was still drunk.
He talked about how hungover he was at the press conference the next day.
So the coaches get to have a little bit of fun at the All-Star game
because of all the pressure they face over the course of the season
and how they got to manage these teams.
But yeah, he's, I mean, he's been blessed with some great squads.
He went to the Stanley cup final with the New Jersey devils.
You know, he went over to San Jose and I,
I played against him in junior when he was coaching with the kitchen or
Rangers where he had success there.
I want to say they went on to win at least one Memorial cup where he coached
Mike Richards and crew, but man, just he's been plowing away and a very likable guy and a player's
coach and the guys love him. So I would imagine that he's the type of guy who ends up getting to
seven, 800 wins. I don't see this guy going anywhere and he's still pretty young. He probably
hasn't hit 55 yet. And he'll be a sentimental favorite next time he does get to a Stanley Cup final
because he's been there twice, hasn't won.
Like you say, he's a likable guy. People will be pulling for him.
Once again, congrats to Pete.
We had a little bet.
The Hughes boys played each other last week.
Jack against Quinn for the first time
since 2019. The Devils beat
Vancouver for the 13th straight time
going back to the 14-15 season.
And Quinn said, we get some little side bets going on. We want to get a littleouver for the 13th straight time going back to the 14 15 season and quinn said we get some
little side bets going on we wanted to get a painting for the house and the loser's gonna
pay for it so looks like he's gonna have to pay for a paint what kind of pain you think they're
gonna get i bet you these guys are so hard and nfts it's not even funny i guarantee it's like
a chip hands he would a pair of avatar glasses on as you would yeah dumbest shit you ever seen
in your life you know what they should make biz i would just if i was quinn and he's gotta buy it now i would get a nine foot
monster painting of myself hey you want a painting you want me to pay for it i'm gonna have my
vancouver canucks mug shot in the middle of the house over the fireplace bossy move would be uh
getting that one i don't know if you guys read that story recently in Russia, the security guard just bored on his night shift at the museum.
There was a painting called three figures.
And I think it was,
it was from the 1930s.
It was valued over a million bucks at 1.4 million.
So this security guard just strolls over and draws eyes on the heads of
this painting.
That was in the museum.
Didn't like teenage girls, like talk them into it. Is that the same one?
Like is it on video?
No, but it was a big story that came out about this, this security guard,
the facing a classic, almost a hundred year old painting.
So the Russia, the Russia, uh, well,
it actually had the money in rubles. I just guessed that it was one point four million.
Oh, so that was seven dollars.
The rubles were less than a less than a penny, I think.
I know. Yeah, it's really took a nosedive. But Grinnelli, what do you think they're into as far as art?
NFTs for sure. You talk to these guys.
I bet they're into some NFTs.
I wouldn't be surprised at all.
It's a growing community.
Why wouldn't you get into the NFT community?
But I mean, I don't think you can put a big picture
of Quinn Hughes in this apartment
because then it just looks like me.
And like, you can't have a big picture of me.
And let me tell you guys a funny story
about looking like me real quick.
So when we were at the outdoor game in Nashville,
I saw Sorelli after the game and people have told me I look like Sorelli
before I, like Whit said, I had a million shots that day.
And I went up to him and we were, we were talking and I kind of just was
like, Hey, so everyone says like, we look just alike.
And there was no less than a 15 second dead silence of just like,
are you fucking kidding me?
You just ruined my night.
Take it back right now, kid, or I'll punch your head in cootsies.
I immediately apologized after I was like, wait, no, fuck.
You don't want to look like me.
But if you guys were expecting him on the podcast,
you won't be hearing from him anytime soon.
Oh, what was what? oh yeah lana rhodes i guess i guess she ripped a bunch of people off on her nft thing
she she made about 1.5 million off her as the the porn star do you know that you know who that is i
know the name i'm not familiar with her work oh yeah right all right yeah check your fucking spank
if she wasn't on vhs man i don't know her oh okay i got
one nft and it gives me free justin bieber tickets for life so i'm out of here really yes it does so
that's it does baby that's the new component of boston you have to offer real world things to
sell these things now where you you get like a special treatment or discounts on this or meetups with the people who created them um but
really so so you're saying at msg with this nft when you when he strolls into town you just go up
with your saburos tickets and you and you can just get into any any game time yeah because he's a part
owner in the nft so he helped launch it but that's where it's all going it's all going towards a
community base i don't know fuck all about nfts but this is what i'm's where it's all going. It's all going towards a community base.
I don't know fuck all about NFTs,
but this is what I'm learning is it's not just an eight with avatar glasses on.
It's a community base. For example, the Nelk Boys, they dropped their Metacard.
They're also launching full send gyms all over the country.
If you have their Metacard, you get a free membership to their gym.
What does that cost, the Metacard G?
It depends.
It fluctuates with where the market is going.
What'd you pay for yours?
You pay six grand.
You get a member gym membership.
If you get the 10,000 one,
they're going to inject you with the HGH do.
They put it right in your arse.
No.
And if you get the 20,000 one,
a milk boil fart right in your face.
So it's really a win win.
Pay fucking 12 grand for a picture of a baboon with fucking horn-rimmed glasses
on. Sweet.
But that's what I'm saying, RA. It's not just
a picture, though. You're paying for the community.
You get all these things. You get all these
benefits.
RA just said what you
did.
He just didn't take it into consideration.
You get the chicklets RA NFT,
he'll come over and take a smash in your toilet and leave.
Yeah.
The warthog.
Yeah.
We should do a warthog NFT.
What would be.
Okay.
So what would be.
Wow.
Yeah.
What would be each guy's defining moment for their NFT?
If we did launch one.
I think Grinnelly's would be walking off the lacrosse field because he
wouldn't clap with the team.
No,
mine would be looking off Patrick Sharp
and falling on my face on video.
No, I like the lacrosse one.
I like the lacrosse.
Biz's would be...
Wow, there's so many different things.
Ari's is 100 the ward.
Oh, mine would be my...
Ari's is 100 the ward.
Yeah, mine might be the dance on TNT.
That would be a great nft oh yeah
that was actually sick and if you get it i'll show up to your wedding i'll show up to your
wedding and do it in front of your step parents still charge you a little fee though be like this
is the tax on the nft he's paying me to come to your wedding yeah i get well i guess in my single
days i would have got the smasher.
Mine would be just putting Portnoy in a headlock and just running his show.
All right, we can move on from the NFTs.
One last quick note on the Devils.
I thought it was a pretty cool gesture when they went to the game Sunday.
You know, guys usually wear suits there.
All the Devils, they wore high school jerseys from all the local high schools that were playing in the state tournament that week.
All the Devils.
I don't know if you saw the clip online.
It was a pretty nice gesture, man.
We used to see them all gussied up.
I thought it was a nice little tribute
to the young hockey players of the state.
So good job to the New Jersey Devils for pulling that off.
Boom, boom, boom.
The Heritage Classic game is going to be
in Hamilton, Ontario this week.
The Leafs and the Sabres are playing Saturday at Tim Hortons Field.
The place only holds, what, 26,000 people?
Is that right, Biz?
It's a football soccer field.
Yeah, close to 30.
Okay.
And also the Capitals, they're going to be the opponent for Carolina
at next year's stadium series.
It's going to be in Raleigh at NC State's football stadium.
It's going to be the first outdoor game for the Canes
and the fourth for the Caps.
I'm sure we'll be there rocking and rolling, no doubt.
Also, we want to send our best wishes to the OG flower, Guy Lafleur,
the Montreal Canadiens legend, Hockey Hall of Famer.
His family issued a statement through the team last week.
They want to thank the fans for their outpouring of love and support
they've shown to Guy as he's battled cancer for the last couple of years.
And he was in the hospital for a bit.
They sent them home.
So I,
you know,
watch Guy when I was a young kid and one of the best players ever.
And just want to tell him we're thinking of him and pulling farm here at
spit and chick.
That's Guy.
We love you,
brother.
So keep,
keep pulling through brother.
Jeremy Yaga.
We mentioned them earlier,
his team in Cladno. They usually play in like a 5,000 or 6,000-seat arena.
He's moving the season finale biz to the Stadium 02 in Prague
so that they can sell more tickets,
and they're going to donate the money to the Ukrainian,
I don't know if it's a relief fund or for refugees that are going to Czech Republic.
It's not the Czechoslovakia anymore.
So, I mean, this guy, you know, he's played for 40 years.
He doesn't have to do this type of stuff.
And it just shows you what type of guy he is to take on this venture
to move this game here and raise money for these people
who are getting fucked by this fucking asshole in Russia.
1.7 million people have left Ukraine now
and become refugees to other countries.
Another thing I saw that was great, what Jagra's doing is awesome.
I think there was a picture online of hundreds of Polish women,
because so many Ukrainians are coming into Poland,
left strollers and stuff for possible parents with young kids coming from the Ukraine.
So that was another good sight you see in the middle of this madness
from the scumbag that
already just mentioned.
Yeah. Powerful message.
I don't know if you mentioned that he posted the video to social media
channels. So go check it out on Twitter if you haven't. And obviously,
you know, this is a, you know, you, you said it where this isn't something he
has to do, but he's a big person stepping up in a big moment and,
and to raise money for, I mean, I don't even want to say an incredible cause.
It's just like, this is fucking nuts.
It's the fact that this is still happening and still going on.
It's been 10 days and it's, it's, it's, it's a,
it's hell for those people over there and the fact that they have to leave
their home country.
Yeah. 2022. And it shouldn't have to be done,
but it's nice that he's doing it.
And I know he's going to drop a video on Tuesday as well, Biz, where
people that can't get to the game can
buy tickets in a donation type of
way. And we'll be sure to tweet it out on the Chicklets
account too, so people are going to help out in that way
as well. And Eugene Melnick,
the owner of the Auto Centers, he's
of Ukrainian heritage. He's been having
his building play the Ukrainian
National Anthem before each game. He's also
raising funds through their 50-50 account.
Again, it's unfortunate that people have to help out
in this way because one fucking psychopath
asshole, but it is nice that people
are doing this. Moving right along
here, the NHL, they
redid their Stanley Cup logo, which is
not a big story, but PLF run, obviously
a big reporter up in Canada. He said,
the next time the NHL rebrands the Stanley Cup playoffs,
what about the schedule? He said, let me reiterate a long time wish the playoffs in a
normal year should run from April 1st to May 31st no hockey in June start the regular season in late
September it won't happen but I wish it would I know Grinnell you agree with it I know Biz agree
with it and Whit I know you want to chime in as well. Yeah, I think it would be fantastic. And he does mention it'll never happen.
But it's just as great as the Stanley Cup finals are, no matter when they happen,
it's just such a crazy year.
It's like July, basically, right after.
And all of a sudden, it's free agency and the draft and free agency.
So to somehow start the season earlier, and I would guess the only reason they'll never do it
is because then you're competing with football for that much longer.
But I do love the fact of actually having the summer off from hockey and not
playing late into June. It doesn't make much sense to me,
but I guess the way LeBron words it is, it will never go down.
Well, that and like ice conditions too.
Sometimes you're playing in the Southern markets.
The ice is a fucking joke though. It's like playing with a lacrosse ball out
there. I completely agree. I, you i you said the the um interfering with uh and competing
with football it's a juggernaut regardless with streaming services and the way that that with
viewership it's easy you can go on espn plus or whatever streaming services you can watch any game
i don't try not to have games on Sundays too. Yeah. Fucking there you go.
Bingo.
That's it.
They take,
they take over one day a week,
just make it so they don't play on Sundays.
Start the season at the beginning of September.
You know,
everybody's back to work at that time.
Anyway,
I think they're just overthinking it.
If you could have,
let me,
let me ask you this.
All right.
Would you rather start the season of September or,
or have them not tripled down on the coyotes in the desert?
Hey, man, I told you.
Glendale.
The desert's fine.
It's fucking Glendale.
All right.
Fair enough.
And they're over part committed, man.
Their pride is on the line.
And as far as the rebranding is concerned, I mean, I think it looks good.
I don't think it should be a news it's just like so vanilla
yeah it was a space fella yeah yeah smoke and mirrors to distract us from the fact that they
won't change the schedule yeah yeah exactly and they fooled us uh okay we we're gonna get the
dust dustin johnson in one second uh one last note here uh top 2022 NHL draft prospect Ivan Miro Shachenko.
He was recently diagnosed with Hodgkin's
lymphoma. He's going to be taking some
time off from hockey. He's going
to be a top pick in the 2022
draft. Fortunately, it's a very
common form of the disease and it is very curable.
He's getting treatment in Germany
and the boys here at Spittin' Chicklets
want to wish him the best, of course. Get him healthy.
Get him in the NHL in a couple of years.
So get well, Ivan, we want to see you here in a few years, brother.
And we're going to get to get to Dustin shortly, but Grinnelli,
it was awesome to chat with him.
One of the best golfers in the world and actually having something common
with him. We both let the slug body on a light.
It's a low calorie sports drink that has no sugar,
no artificial sweeteners flavors flavors, or dyes,
but it does have electrolytes, vitamins, antioxidants, and coconut water, and it tastes great.
It's also the official sports drink of Dustin Johnson and hydrates top golfers around the world like DJ.
I'm about to grab yet another strawberry lemonade because it's super tasty and that's my flavor,
and you can grab Body Amolite on Amazon or wherever fine beverages are sold.
Now enjoy Dustin Johnson.
We are pleased now to be joined by a real legend in the game of golf.
This is like doing the Sidney Crosby interview, so bear with me, folks.
I got a couple things to say here.
We got the 2016 U.S.s open champion the 2020 masters champion holder of
the number one golfer in the world spot for over 130 weeks in his career two-time pga tour player
of the year and 24 wins on the pga tour along with nine on the european tour and if you're looking
for one thing us four peasants have in common with this legend it's he's a body armor athlete just
like ourselves we want to welcome dustin johnson thank you so much for joining the show yeah thanks
for having me yeah i apologize for the delay and a little wi-fi snafu i uh i'm a little bit of a
disgrace right now but first getting into this how's the season going how are you feeling what's
been going on i haven't played too much yet um I played one event in the fall
and then I played you know I played San Diego and LA so I've only played technically three events
this year um it's gone it's going a little slow I took a lot of time off but I feel like the game's
starting to come back into good form kind of just struggled with the potting a little bit the first
you know first couple events and um you know but just struggled with the potting a little bit the first couple events.
But I've been working on it a little bit and ready to get back.
I've got a really big schedule coming up, playing the players,
playing Tampa, which is the Valspar, the match play,
week off, and then play Augusta and then the RBC Hilton Head.
So big schedule coming up here.
And so ready to get back to grinding and getting the game back in good form.
I actually had a question.
You mentioned like the putter might be struggling right now.
I've always seen you go back and forth between you got a Scotty
and then a tailor-made putter.
Is there one that you like more than the other?
Or is it just whatever's working?
But it's usually only one of the two, right?
Well, my first nine years on tour, I played with Cameron,
and then I haven't used one since.
Yeah, I've used one similar, but I've been playing with the Spider,
though, the last six years pretty much for most of the time.
But I've just been struggling a little bit, obviously taking a lot of the time. So, but I've just been struggling a little bit.
You know, obviously taking a lot of time off, you know,
kind of the short game is what really, you know,
kind of takes the biggest hit is just not having the feel.
And so I've just been working on it a little bit more.
Put a new putter in.
Think I'm going to try it with uh it's abandoned
it's just a tailor-made putter but played with it yesterday out at the seminole pro member and
rolled it pretty nicely so i was really pleased with it and uh hopefully we'll we'll get get the
game back in order though here coming up for these next big events dustin as somebody who doesn't
know much about golf why did they do away with the belly putter
and were the guys using it cheaters?
I never used one.
I couldn't do it.
There was a few guys, though, that were really good at it.
And I think it was more of just anchoring thing.
But, I mean, I don't know.
It doesn't really make a whole lot of sense to me
but were they cheating i don't know that's that's not up to me to decide what do you make of guys
who have extremely slow paces of play like i just watched a video the other day and the guy took
about 90 seconds he did about oh i saw that 30 head checks like as a guy who sucks at golf i
would have i would have probably thrown a club at him I mean, slow play is a problem on the tour.
I feel like it takes us entirely too long to play a round of golf.
You know, we play practice rounds, foursomes, you know,
all hitting extra shots, extra putts, chips around the green,
and, you know, still playing four hours.
But then we got three pros playing, you know, still playing four hours. But then we got three pros playing, you know,
18 holes with no extra practice shots,
and it takes us five and a half hours.
Like, it just doesn't make any sense.
Hey, Clip It G, you heard it here, folks.
Dustin Johnson, shot clock implemented now
from going on forward here in the PGA.
What would you put it at?
30 seconds a shot clock if they implemented one?
Yeah, I mean, I don't know. I don't know if at 30 seconds a shot clock if they implemented one yeah i mean i don't know i don't know if you put a shot clock on there but it would be kind of fun to play a tournament with it um but yeah i think you'd do 40 maybe 40 okay 40 that's actually
generous 40 would be fine actually in that same vein dj know, there's always this perceived stuffiness about golf.
Maybe it's real.
I don't play too often, but is there any kind of change
you would make to the game to take out some of that perceived stuffiness,
maybe like a shot clock or something like that?
No, I mean, they tried a bunch of different things,
and it doesn't seem like nothing seems to really work
or speed up the play.
I mean, it's more up to the players.
You just got to, you know, do things a little bit quicker.
You can walk a little faster. I mean, you know, don't, when it's your turn,
be ready to hit or, you know, instead of, I mean,
obviously on Sundays it wouldn't really work that well, but, you know,
just play almost ready golf. If you're ready to play, you know, play,
it doesn't, you know, obviously with cameras golf if you're ready to play you know play it
doesn't you know obviously with cameras and stuff makes it a little more difficult but
um it's just i think a lot of guys are just not ready to play when it's their turn and that's
what takes a while should there be more holes like the 16 at the waste management you know
with the with that crowd element brought to it well yeah that would slow down play even more i think but
yeah it is a great golf it's a lot of fun for the guys to you know the guys who play there that
everyone seems to enjoy that whole i played there a couple times earlier in my career
but yeah i mean what they do at phoenix i think is incredible they get a lot of fans there and
it's really exciting i'm one of those guys who probably thinks he's good at golf
and takes it way too serious, but actually sucks.
So would you not say that if you take less time and think less,
it probably does you better playing golf?
Like, I can't imagine when you're grooving,
you have that many thoughts going through your mind.
No, you don't.
I mean, when you're playing your best rounds, yeah,
you're definitely not really thinking about much at all
except where you want the ball to go.
That's good.
That's what I'll do next round out.
Thanks for that.
As far as dream foursomes, now, of course,
you and Wayne and MJ have played together.
Is there anyone else in these pro-ams that you'd like to connect with
at some point, maybe an actor or a comedian
that you haven't been able to golf with?
a comedian that you haven't been able to golf with?
I mean, I've pretty much played with, you know, all of my, you know, kind of idols and stuff.
So, you know, I would probably go with some guys like, you know, Arnold Palmer, maybe
Hogan, Byron Nelson, you know, guys that, you know, obviously didn't get a chance to
either meet or, you know, definitely didn't get a chance to either meet or, you know, definitely didn't get a chance to play with.
So, you know, those guys, those type of people in the game.
You mentioned you played yesterday in that Seminole Pro member.
And for people who aren't aware, it's, I mean, some of the best players in the world.
Are there Rory, yourself?
Like, how does it all come together with who you're playing with?
And when did that even become a thing?
Has that been around forever?
Yeah, it's been around for a long time.
I don't know how many years they've been doing it.
But I played with Jimmy Dunn.
He was my partner.
So, you know, it's kind of, you know,
members who have relationships with tour players, you know,
they kind of, you know, they'll ask you to play with them.
Or, you know, if they need pros, they'll ask pros to play
and they'll just pair them with a member.
Like Rory played with his dad, you know.
And so, you know, if you know members, then, you know,
you'll play with your friends if they ask you to play.
But, yeah, they get a great field.
It's a great day.
You know, it's just golf. All the members enjoy it. All the pros enjoy it. Obviously, it's a great field. It's a great day. You know, it's just golf.
All the members enjoy it.
All the pros enjoy it.
Obviously, it's a great venue to play.
And, yeah, they just do a great job.
Obviously, we had a great day of weather, too.
So, it was a fantastic day yesterday.
During the Ride of Cups, DJ,
is there a lot of shit talking between the teams,
or do they keep it kind of polite?
Yeah, I mean, you keep it pretty pretty chill you
know especially with the other team there's a lot of john going on but you know between like the
american guys like with each other but um but no you keep it pretty civil on the golf course
oh man did you guys ever get pickled afterward i think you were you were a little tipsy at that press conference were you um i might have had one or two but both walked in there yeah you've seen there was it was
a week worth celebrating though so i earned it you had a great response too and asked if you
could hang with the younger guys you said i think it was it was abs up and lootly. So I don't know. Is there any guys you can,
any guys you can call out that maybe couldn't hang on that team?
One of the youngins had a rough go at it.
He was in bed before we got back to the hotel.
I thought,
I think one of the cooler traditions in golf is that the masters,
when you win it the next year,
you get to pick the dinner menu for all past champions
and, of course, all the members of Augusta.
What did you end up picking for the meal,
and did you get any heat from the guys for what you ended up deciding on?
No, I think  I mean, I didn't hear anything,
so they didn't tell me that they enjoyed the dinner,
they enjoyed the wine.
So you kind of  you pick the food, you pick the wine.
And so, yeah, I think it was a great dinner.
We had a steak.
We had a fish selection.
You know, had some really good sides.
But, yeah, I mean, it's a great tradition.
You know, it's something obviously I really enjoyed.
And, you know, being a past champion and, you know, getting to host that dinner is, you know, it's something obviously I really enjoyed and, you know, being, being a past champion and, you know, getting to host that dinner is, you know,
it's an incredible honor and, you know,
it's something that I look forward to to continue and to go to for, you know,
as long as I can.
EJ with the prevalence of legal gambling in the States, you know,
you would just talk about guys breaking each other's balls to guys,
break each other's balls about like their odds, like, you know,
poke fun at someone might be be 100-1 or something?
Is that something you even talk about in the clubhouse where it's legal?
You can legally talk about it?
No, that's probably more of a question.
I'm sure the caddies do more of that than the players.
They probably know.
I had a caddy on tour this year.
He was texting me, this guy's shanking on the range,
but I guess the dude shot eight under.
I lost so much money.
I'm like, thanks for the insight.
I don't know what they're talking about on the range you should you should usually go with them because i mean some of the best rounds i've ever played were were had the absolute worst warm-up
you could ever have really speaking of caddies and odds in money i think uh wayne was telling
me that your brother who's your caddy
would have been 28th on the money list last year if he was considered a golfer
so i was like fuck dustin must have had a pretty good goddamn year yeah i had a decent year i don't
know who who figured that out but i think someone figured out that he would have he would have
placed pretty well i read online so i didn't hear um we just have one more question for dj and then we
got to get him on the road he's got some commitments no problem no no actually well
you talked about your brother he got on your bag in 2013 i was reading like what ended up
being the deciding factor for you to say all right let's do this and how cool is it to have
the success you've had with your bro well yeah, yeah, it's been  obviously it's been great having my brother on the back.
It was actually Paulino was the one that suggested I bring him
because the caddy that I had at the time had something he had to do
and we were going  I was going to Australia to play.
So Paulino was like, hey, why don't you bring AJ?
I'm like, okay, yeah.
So I brought him to Australia.
We played pretty good, finished 15th or something there.
And then we were going to Thailand for vacation in between
because I was playing the HSBC WGC in Shanghai in China the following week.
So we went to vacation, and then I was going to have to fly AJ home,
fly my other caddie back out there. i was like you know what aj wanted to stay in california and wgc and we ended
up winning and so after that that was kind of all she wrote after we won there it's like you want to
you want to keep doing this he was like absolutely and so he's been on the bag ever since well we really appreciate
you joining man i uh i'm sorry i was late with the with the internet issue but um we appreciate
it and good luck the rest of the season shout out body armor yeah absolutely love it it's a great
drink use it all the time but yeah anytime let me know we can do it again thank you very much to dustin johnson a world-class golfer
will be a world golf hall of famer two-time uh major champion we appreciate it i need to mention
quickly zip recruiter according to the latest research 90 of employers and plan to make
enhancing the employee experience a top priority in 2022 after all a happy workplace is key to
attracting and keeping great employees.
If you need to add more employees to your team, there's ZipRecruiter. Their matching technology
helps you find the right people for your roles fast. And right now you can try ZipRecruiter for
free at ZipRecruiter.com slash SC. ZipRecruiter uses its powerful technology to find and match
the right candidates up with your job. Then it proactively presents these candidates to you.
You can easily review the recommended candidates and invite your top choices
to apply for your job, which encourages them to apply faster.
ZipRecruiter's technology is so effective that four out of five employers who
post on ZipRecruiter get a quality candidate within the first day.
Find the right employees for your workplace with ZipRecruiter.
Try it for free at this exclusive web address, within the first day. Find the right employees for your workplace with ZipRecruiter.
Try it for free at this exclusive web address,
ZipRecruiter.com slash SC.
That's ZipRecruiter.com slash SC.
ZipRecruiter, the smartest way to hire.
Now, let's explain.
First off, shout out to Body Armor, an amazing drink,
partners with us, partners with Barstool,
and obviously Dustin Johnson.
So we were told we probably had about 35 to 45 minutes with DJ.
Now, I have the worst rental house in Florida.
The internet's all fucked up.
So I tried going over to Keith Yandel's house.
His wife was nice enough.
Kristen was nice enough to let me come over, use the internet.
I get over there, boom, my computer dies, a piece of junk.
I since then have gotten a new one. So because of me, DJ's on, and he's waiting for me for about seven minutes.
So I naturally hop on.
I'm pretty embarrassed.
I'm like, oh, sorry about that.
Boom, all of a sudden, we got about 12 minutes, whatever that interview was, and he had to go.
Apparently, he had to pick up his kid.
I don't really know what it was, but I think we're going to get more time.
I think we're going to be able to get a sit down at some point.
He seemed open and enjoyed chatting with us, but it was my fault.
It was 12 minutes, but still, I think it only would have been about 19 or 20
had I not fucked up and had bad internet and then a bad computer.
So maybe Biz can go to his father-in-law and get us a true interview
and a true sit down where we can really get in depth on some things.
We had a bunch of questions written down but didn't have time,
so apologize for that, folks.
Biz, what do you got?
What do you got, Biz?
Are we going to get him?
I mean, I don't know.
I'm still in shock at the fact that his buddy there pigeon tossed us off the floor.
Yeah, all of a sudden, this guy, can you hear him on the interview?
I don't know if Grinnelli left it in.
He's like, all right, time to go.
It's like, did we start this thing yet?
I think the belly putter comment pissed him off.
I think he wasn't happy about the belly putter comment.
I think he was pissed that I brought up what I think before shots,
and he's like, dude, don't talk to me about golf, bro.
See, I'm out of here.
Well, we're talking about golf.
We didn't get to Phil Mickelson last week because per usual we went long,
but he got sunk in a big way way what's his play impact program he thought he wanted back in
december tweeted about it and then tiger dunked on him on twitter so phil being as down bad as a
human being can be right now just a complete fool um he tweeted out congrats to myself basically i
won the pip which is this new program that the tour kind of put in
when all this saudi arabian league really began catching steam to kind of create more money for
the top players that are you know bringing the most attention and eyeballs to the sport so i
think it's based on like social media and impact and the thing is the tour is so private with things
which is some of the players issue they don't even even announce like how, how you win or what you have to do.
So Phil comes out and says,
yeah,
I won.
And I don't know if he'd been told he won and maybe,
maybe they decided then to switch it up considering taking down the entire
tour.
But Tiger Woods with one of the all time best tweets,
he retweets Phil's foolish tweet,
thanking his fans and himself for winning the pip and just writes whoops
because tiger woods without barely playing golf in 2022 all he did was release a video of a swing
post-car accident that had about 40 million views in the first three minutes wins the pip and really
tiger should win all five spots that i think the pip pays out pays out. And just the way that he just
throws it right in Phil's face with a phenomenal
one-word tweet made me smile.
And I think we also saw some quotes
from players talking about Mickelson. Yeah,
the whole world's starting to see what we've all known
on tour for quite a while.
Other guys have said that? It was an
anonymous scumbag. An anonymous
quote is, we've always known this. Now
the rest of the world is finding out.
Wow.
That is a shame, man.
That is just a shame.
That's why I don't worship fucking people who play sports for a little bit.
No disrespect to you guys.
But yeah, I mean, I didn't have heroes for sports people.
Yeah, I just want to circle back and thank DJ for his time,
especially the seven minutes I got to enjoy with him one-on-one
because wit's a fucking goofball i can't afford internet maybe you should call all business pete
up maybe he can help you out with actually fuck all i was just glad it wasn't me fuck all business
pete so let me tell let me tell everyone oh this is another good one so this idiot this idiot
so barstool sports this amazing company that I'm so proud to work for,
they buy employees laptops.
Pretty sick deal, huh, folks?
Yeah, your work buys you a laptop.
It's an internet company.
You would think so.
Now, there's about 400 people that work full-time at Barstool right now.
I would say, I don't know, 3 of them bring in the revenue that Spittin' Chickles does for the company.
Is that correct, Grinnelly?
Maybe 2 or 1?
I would say less than that.
Okay.
I'd say 1 if that.
So my laptop is about five years old.
I paid for this one on my own.
I was like, hey, gee, can you get me a laptop from Barstool?
So he writes this moron, all business Pete.
He's like, hey,ney's a laptop can i
just get you to okay it or whatever nope no laptops for non-full-time employees you fucking
idiot all business pete use your brain for one time and maybe realize okay ryan whitney's part
of spitting chicklets which is part of our biggest money maker so maybe we can get him a fucking
800 laptop you scumbag. And I'm just kidding.
All business Pete's actually a great guy.
I had to bust his balls.
But Grinnelli called me.
He's like, all business Pete says no.
I'm like, and all business Pete doesn't give a shit who you are.
I meet up with that guy.
Hey, Pete, how you doing?
Fine.
Oh, okay.
Good conversation.
But he didn't want the wit dog to have a laptop.
I probably would have had to call in and do this episode from a telephone if I if I couldn't get Grinnelli to finally go above his head.
And thank God for Erica Nardini, who helped me out and agreed to let one of the guys from
Spit and Chickles have a laptop.
So all business, Pete.
Once again, it's a pleasure.
Yeah, everybody should really sympathize for not being able to get a free laptop.
What a guy.
When I when I got a question for you, we saw your pictures of you at Disney.
I know you're still in Florida.
I couldn't help,
but notice that you had a Mandalorian t-shirt on your under Star Wars guy.
You say you don't know it.
And you had a fucking Mandalorian t-shirt.
What's the,
how did you get that?
Do you know what it's about?
Give us the,
no,
I know that it's a show.
I know it's a show that like Disney plus or whatever has released.
That's kind of like a TV show that is post Star Wars.
I don't know.
But my brother-in-law, Steve, and his son, Cooper, I think he had like Disney dad and like, I'm your son and I'm your father.
They had some sort of like T-shirts together.
I was like, oh, Brie, we got to get a shirt for me and Ryder.
And she had gotten Ryder some sort of Star Wars shirt, even though he has no and he watches Toy Story and Monsters Inc and all the others so she went to Target
actually when we were recording the day when they all had to go be the pigeons and wait in line and
then the next day I had the fast pass and so she got me the Mandalorian to a matched Ryder shirt
so I could kind of be matching with my with my boy uh walk around the park and I never talked
about that day did I because that day was so ridiculous that VIP pass you boy walk around the park. And I never talked about that day, did I? Because that day was so ridiculous.
That VIP pass, you just walk around.
We went to three parks and probably went on 20 rides
where I think if we hadn't had it,
you probably would have got one park and four rides.
So definitely the best money.
I think that private jets are the most amazing thing
in the world in terms of spending money
until I got the VIP pass at Disney
because it is the best money I've ever spent.
It was a fantastic day with the family.
And it's up to 10 people, so it's expensive,
but you could split it up and, well, kids have no money.
But if you want to do adults and be one of those weirdos
that goes with no kids to Disney World,
check out the VIP tour. That's the way to go.
We went from sympathizing for wit on laptops
to talking about PJs and VIP passes
at Disneyland.
I thought Billy Guerin got in his ear while we were
in Minnesota and talked him into being a Star Wars fan.
Maybe if you create a successful booze, they'll get you one.
Yeah, exactly.
Maybe if I can someday bring a
dollar and some worth to Barstool
Sports, I'll be able to get a new MacBook.
Maybe when you win a dog walk competition,
they'll get you one. Two for two, I i think although the voting hasn't come out yet but i
think i'll get a win on that dog walk guys i don't think i have much oh you got some more
you know just one more thing i did mention that boeing documentary on netflix it is it is
infuriating and heartbreaking but a great watch and they they do a great job of explaining some
super confusing things in terms of
jet manufacturing and planes.
But,
oh my God,
when you see what this company did and how much a scumbags,
whoever made the decisions are,
you will want to throw up.
So on Netflix,
I think it's,
it's,
it's not called Boeing,
but it,
you know,
I know it's a great dog.
I'm when I'm so over,
like,
like corporate malfeasance documentaries, because you just get so fucking aggravated. I know. It's like, I know you get annoyed, dog. I'm what I'm so over, like, like corporate malfeasance documentaries.
Cause you just get so fucking aggravated.
I know.
It's like,
I know you get annoyed,
but I've seen so many,
what I said,
I'm fucking wall.
You know what I said?
Watching it is like,
it's so wild.
You see all,
you see all these corporations that look to save money and they,
they just completely ruin their brand and ruin people's lives.
And the unreal for money and the unreal and
and the oh when you see what boeing and how good they did it they were one of the best companies
in the history of the united states of america they were they were they were like they were they
were great they did everything the right way and they tried to save money but the thing i thought
about while watching it is the crazy thing is there are so many things going on right now that
in 10 years there'll be another documentary. There's shit going on.
You have no idea of people trying to save money and screw with lives,
but it was an interesting watch. And, and, and while being very sad,
just almost just like shocking to see what went down.
Yeah. It happens all the time. Aviation, different story. It's, it's,
it's exactly. So yeah, I watched it too. So the, the one,
the one thing on netflix that caught my
attention was or do you want to keep talking about it all right no no no i'm all ears buddy i'm okay
hey i'm here um you guys close up i don't give a fuck we've gone long i'm gonna save it for next
one but i really really recommend watching the yeezy documentary it's a three-part series i've
watched part one it's good i will say that and i know that
a lot of people out there you're not crazy about kanye and maybe some of the antics he's been up to
over the last like three four years uh i think mental health plays a major factor in all that
episode two of that documentary was the best episode of a documentary that i've ever seen
in my entire life i suggest that you oh yeah this is
this is when he ends up making um the full album of the college dropout and how it was so hard for
them to take him seriously as a rapper they signed him originally to rockefeller to to do all the
beats i don't think they ever took him seriously as far as a rapper standpoint he clawed his way to the top i can understand why he has the chip on the shoulder that he does
uh now saying that episode three you will really see as it starts turning a little bit to the
darker side but please watch that three-part documentary series and we're going to talk
about our next show i i viewed that episode as something that,
like when you finish watching it,
you have a fire lit under your ass.
I compare it to what it did to me,
to The Defiant Ones with Dr. Dre and Iovine.
Yeah, Iovine.
Yeah, Jimmy Iovine.
Jimmy Iovine.
Yeah, phenomenal documentary.
The first episode.
R.A., I think you will gain
a completely new appreciation
for Kanye. I know you're not crazy
about it, but watch that. And I think
your perception will change.
I'm a very open-minded
guy going into documentaries. I watch
subjects I don't give a fuck about because that's the
purpose of a documentary, to open your mind
and expand it a little and learn something
you don't really care about. I will definitely
watch it before the next episode.
I have one for you guys and anybody listening.
It's called winning time.
It's the new LA Lakers miniseries on HBO.
It's it's based on the 1980s Lakers.
It's a book,
Jeff Perlman.
He's a great author.
He used to write for sports illustrated.
He wrote a book called showtime about the 1980s Lakers.
He wrote a book called the 86 Mets. He's a phenomenal biographer. He wrote a book called Showtime about the 1980s Lakers. He wrote a book called the 86 Mets.
He's a phenomenal biographer.
He wrote a book on Walter Payton.
He just does all this research for years, reads up on everything,
and he writes a great book.
And it got optioned by HBO.
So the first episode dropped Sunday night,
and the guy plays Magic Johnson, and it's fucking phenomenal.
It's just like, okay, this trippy show about the greatest fucking basketball greatest fucking basketball team ever arguably i mean they won five titles in the 80s
magic johnson gets disrespected if honestly and it's a weird thing to say if he didn't get aids
or get hiv rather he would have won fucking nine titles and he would have been past magic and past
lebron the fucking he was that fucking good he should be more in this discussion but either way
the fucking story is awesome the lakers are great and this show the first episode was that fucking good he should be more in this discussion but either way the
fucking story is awesome the lakers are great and this show the first episode was phenomenal
the book was awesome so if you're looking for something to watch ra yeah any truth to the rumor
that he wasn't happy with the way that he was portrayed in it well who magic or magic um well
jeff roman said that a lot of people with the Lakers haven't talked to him since, because, you know, probably not happy with their portrayals like Jerry West, who was the Lakers coach, GM, whatever.
He kind of looks like a grumpy asshole.
I'm sure people who are related to him aren't crazy about it, but yeah, that's what happens when you're a famous person and something gets made about you.
I haven't heard that magic was pissed about it, but I mean, yeah a philanderer and he that's why he got aids i'm sorry the virus that causes aids because he was fucking everything
under the sun didn't wear rubber at a time when you know you thought heterosexuals could get aids
and biz i'll tell you man that was 1991 i'll never forget i was 19 years old and i was already an
irish kid in boston trying to get laid off of girls in the in this town was tough enough because
they're all catholic and they didn't believe in the birth control pill so now all
of a sudden they're fucking everyone thinks age is like a quote-unquote gay disease and then
magic johnson comes out and's like oh i'm heterosexual so it was like fuck man it just
made it so much harder for everybody to try to get ass back then it was a really huge cultural
thing i'm not even being insensitive it was like that whole fuck it was like groundbreaking like everybody must have been petrifying time thanks a lot magic by the way in that book is
that where it came out that or i don't know if i've heard this and it's and it's and it's not
true but like where magic johnson would just be having somebody go around to like hawk girls in
the stands at the games at the great western forum and be like hey magic wants to meet you at halftime and he'd be like teeing girls up at half time yeah i don't know if that that's
made up but um like his team was i heard a story of a backup goalie in nationally get a
getting a gummer um i know that's the old coliseum uh he was you know they sit in the tunnel there
kind of like the guy got punched with the Manitoba Moose game?
Could you imagine just chilling there as the backup goalie,
having a hot dog, and next thing you know, we're on the crowd.
You lock eyes with her, and then you're getting your dick sucked off
your torso during the period.
And then the goalie pulls his groin, and you got to run in with blue balls.
It'd be a disaster.
But, guys.
Actually, one more.
Sorry, wait.
I got to throw this.
Who else are you going to blame at the fact you couldn't get laid in the 80s?
All right.
No.
Who said I didn't get laid?
I just said it made it difficult.
I never said I didn't get laid.
Oh, whoa, whoa.
Geez, geez.
It made it difficult.
But what happened was, like, it really was like I actually took I took one AIDS test in my life.
It was a girl I was dating.
And like that was that's how much of a scare it was at the time where the time where she didn't want to sleep with me until I got an AIDS test.
And I went and I was like, I'm going to fucking have AIDS.
I didn't think about it at all.
And then if I wanted to get my results for that five minutes, I would shit my pants like a motherfucker.
And they're like, yeah, you're all set.
I was like, all right, good.
But it was a legit fucking thing at that time where magic, getting it, it had a huge impact on motherfuckers getting their dicks wet.
That's one way to end the show.
Alright, gang. As always, I want to remind
you to go to our YouTube page
and subscribe to it. We have awesome stuff
there. My boy Grinnelly, he busts his ass.
Sean busts his ass. Everybody behind the scenes
busts their ass to make these awesome videos.
Pasha, don't want to leave you out either. Subscribe
to the stuff. Watch it. It's awesome.
Good stuff. Alright, and with that, we we love you all and thank you for listening peace
okay we always like to thank our awesome sponsor and spit and chicken so
huge thanks to our friends at pink Whitney and new Amsterdam vodka.
Giant.
Thanks to everybody over at new no days wasted.
Everybody over at mattress firm.
Huge.
Thanks.
I love the mattress.
I have sport clips.
You're keeping us looking good.
Big.
Thanks to you guys.
Game time.
We love what you're doing.
Huge.
Thanks to you.
Body armor.
You're keeping us hydrated.
Mucho.
Thanks to you and zip recruiter.
You guys have been with us for a long time.
Big.
Thanks to you guys as well.
Have a great week.
All.
