Hey, Spittin' Chicklets listeners, you can find every episode on Apple Podcasts,
Spotify, or YouTube. Prime members can listen ad-free on Amazon Music.
Hello everybody, welcome to episode 378 of Spittin' Chicklets, presented by Pink Whitney.
From our friends at New Amsterdam Vodka, here in the Barstool Sports Podcast family.
Hello everybody from Atlanta, Georgia. We're here on a business trip, we'll get to that a little bit later. But a whole bunch of shit to get to. trade deadline lots of trades a pair of interviews a bunch of other shit but let's check in with the fellas
for us producer mikey granelli what's new brother uh nothing's really new i'm happy to be here in
atlanta but i'm even more happy to go to west virginia on friday me and biz going to wheeling
nailers that's right throwback night i'm excited that's going to be the last and final uh filmed
episode of the echl road warriors or what do you call it?
ECHL Jungle Series.
Jesus Christ.
I can't remember anything right now because there was a zillion trades that broke.
So if my brain's a little scrambled, forgive me, folks.
That's all right.
What's up with Doug?
Not much, guys.
Pleasure to be here in Biz's beautiful, humble abode in Atlanta.
My trap house.
In the middle of the absolute hood.
Everyone who thought I lived in a crack house, come check out Biz's rental for the next six weeks in Atlanta.
But still, it's great to see you guys.
And I drove up.
So I shipped my car home from here.
So I drove up from Lauderdale to Atlanta.
I left Saturday at 4 o'clock.
lauderdale to atlanta i left saturday at four o'clock and i was gonna drive to uh valdosta georgia which i figured was five to six hours and then finish the remaining three hours the
next morning sunday morning but i got to valdosta on a red bull and i was like i ain't stopping baby
i'm still going it was like well where'd you stop you stopped at a convenience store you're getting
there i'm getting there so i gotta talk about something but quickly i was i was like kramer
when he's going like if anyone's seen seinfeld when he's just going as long as he can until the car finally runs out of gas.
So I was finally going, going, going.
I'm like, all right, I'm going to just bang this out.
Three more hours.
That's no problem.
It was probably 10.
Yeah, it was probably 10, 15.
I'm like, I can do that.
Be there by one.
No problem.
So I had heard a podcast a little while back about a store, a gas station rest stop store called Bucky's, B-U-C-E-E-S.
And the description of this place was wild.
It was crazy.
I was like, oh, my God, if I ever get the chance, I'll check one of those out.
It's a southern place.
I guess it's based out of Texas, and they're in Florida, Georgia.
So sure as shit.
And I had no idea about the ride up i'd maybe see one so i'm driving along and all of a sudden i see a big sign that says do you like big buckies 156 miles away i was like oh my god perfect i knew
i was about 200 tour i knew i was about i was 230 miles at the time and i'm like oh sick this is
perfect so i googled it up quick open 24 hours i'm like, oh, sick. This is perfect. So I Googled it up quick, open 24 hours.
I'm like, done.
I'm going to check this place out finally.
So I roll into this place at about 1230.
Now, this is Sunday morning, but Saturday night still.
There is 250 roughly gas pumps.
Dude, I'm not kidding.
This is a monster.
And it looks almost like a giant target.
I'm going to guess 40,000 to 50,000 square feet this place is.
So I go in there, and I'm like, oh, my God.
People are unloading off of a bus to go into this place.
I'm like, what is going on?
There had to be 150 people in there at the time.
And you walk in.
Welcome to Bucky's.
I'm like, holy shit.
I was a kid in a candy store.
I'm like, walk around.
I have never in my life experienced a place
like this. It is one of the most impressive,
coolest spots. I will drive
out of my way 156 miles
in the future to see it. They have,
I got, I got, I got
a pulled pork sandwich, and then
I got a brisket, a pulled
brisket sandwich for later on.
I went down.
There was a wall the size of the  first of all,
the place was like Hakkasan, like I mentioned.
It was buzzing in there.
People are videoing too.
It was like people knew what they were doing.
They were going there and experiencing the buckies.
So there's like people everywhere, and there's a jerky wall,
like a beef jerky wall.
They have tons of jerky.
Then I look over.
They got fish tacos
they got fudge they they they dude this is all this is on the food side they had what oh no fudge
kid there no fudge kid there i would have this kid wouldn't even be allowed into a bucky's he's in
nantucket piece of shit bucky's is too blue collar for him so i i i and then i walk into the other
section there is a merch section that would make Barstool Sports jealous.
I'm talking, I tried on 14 different hoodies.
None of them fit me correctly.
They were either way too big or way too small.
So I ended up getting a couple coffee mugs and things like that.
Then you go over to the home lifestyle section where they got the signs.
Home is where the heart is.
Bucky's is where you get your car.
It was like a Cabela's of gas stations.
I don't even know what Cabela's is.
It's one of the most impressive places I've ever been.
I'm telling you, they must have had 500 fountain drink options.
They had every flavor of Gatorade that's ever existed,
going back to when Gatorade first was invented in Gainesville, Florida,
in the 80s, I'm guessing.
They had hot soup.
They had ice creams.
They had... By the way, you can had hot soup. They had ice creams.
They had,
by the way, you can get liquor there.
They had any cigarette ever created.
They had Russian Russia.
They had,
they had cigarettes from,
uh,
from Spain.
They had,
they had,
I'm talking.
If you ever get the chance to go to a Bucky's,
you have to do it.
And you will tweet me or text me if you're,
if we're friendly and you have my number and let me know.
Thank you for telling me about this place.
And I want to thank the golf podcast that I heard.
It wasn't even  it was a spinoff of the golf podcast I listened to.
But it was amazing, and it was an experience I swear to God I'll never forget.
I said to the woman, I said, is this like  is it always this busy?
She goes, oh, honey, you can't even move around in here on normal business hours
you're just nuts to butts the whole time baby i was like holy shit i go well even in a 12 30 on
like a saturday night she goes oh it's raining outside there'd be way more people in here you're
lucky it's not even crowded at all so and the service oh you haven't heard of the bucky's night
club bucky's after there's a there's a there's a bucky speakeasy but i didn't know the password
to get in but they actually got one at the new islanders rink so i i would have got in
at around like 1 30 but i spent an hour in bucky's so i got in at like 2 30 checked in and then slept
in so uh pennsylvania is all about the wawa's and the sheets battle yeah you're saying bucky's just shits all over both of them
bucky's is like a house elon musk owns and wawa is this trash house you're living in right now and like there isn't even a comparison to bucky's i'm telling you 50 000 square feet dude monster
so we got a local dice game going on on my porch later so if anybody wants to pop by
no walking in avery told me yesterday,
walking in, there was a gentleman
that lives in your neighborhood,
and he mentioned,
how do you get a house that nice?
I'm like, this fucking house?
But apparently, this is the top of the neighborhood,
so good for you, Biz.
Yeah, there you go.
I think the big shock, Witt,
is that you drove from Fort Lauderdale to Atlanta.
I was shocked when you told me that.
I mean, it's a sizable drive.
Sometimes I love a nice long drive,
just hitting the road,
getting some calls.
I finished a book on tape.
I had read half of it.
And then when I realized I was doing the drive,
so the plan for the drive was like,
I'm going to play golf.
I was like, I'll stop in a couple places.
And then that just kind of all fell apart.
Like I couldn't leave when I wanted to leave
because then I would have, you know,
because I'm here for four nights.
Then I would have been gone
for eight total days from the family. You know, because then I would have, you know, because I'm here for four nights. Then I would have been gone for eight total days from the family.
You know, so then I was like, oh, shit.
And I already planned on getting the car picked up in Atlanta.
So it was more like my own doing.
Yeah.
But I actually really enjoyed it.
So the book that I finished was called 10 Happier.
It's by this guy, Dan Harris.
It's kind of about meditation and how he got into meditation after being a news correspondent and he had a panic attack on air.
Really interesting stuff.
I've meditated a little bit in the past.
I think to get rid of the jumbleness in my mind, I need to start doing that.
Like 30 minutes a day would be amazing.
So I'm kind of on the path to trying to do a little bit more meditation to maybe become a little bit happier of a person.
As you can tell, there's times I'm not exactly like thrilled with what's going on in my life when i should be but either way listening to the book on tape doing the ride
i had music pump and i put in um i put in like 70s rock i ended up doing like all these different
radio stations to get some likes on spotify so did the book give you any uh any tricks in order
to to use when maybe you're going through it or no it's more about like how this guy began to do
it and this guy went all in.
He went to a meditation camp, 10 days, you can't speak.
That's not, I don't have that in the car.
Imagine RA, Jesus Christ.
So I think that there's not necessarily,
there are tips in there,
but it was more about how he started doing it
and how his life changed with it.
It was a good read.
It was a really good read. I don't even know how I saw it. It was a good read. It was a really good read.
I don't even know how I saw it.
It was a New York Times bestseller at one point.
But interesting, interesting trip for myself.
And now I'm flying home, though.
I'm done with the driving.
I was thinking about doing the whole way home, but no, that's like.
So what are you going to do, ship your car from here?
I shipped it from here today.
Yeah, the guy picked it up.
And I just drove it right onto the trailer and gave him a little tip money
to make sure he didn't like Ferris Bueller my car around. And he was off. guy picked it up um and i just drove it right onto the trailer and gave him a little tip money to
make sure he didn't like ferris bueller my car around and and he was off wow there we go well
you probably see on the new swag with sport and the new spring golf line from pink whitney beautiful
bucket hats t-shirts the flowers the green the pink it's just beautiful i love it you got to
check it out when it goes on sale the put putter head cover, great, along with all the driver and stuff,
the hats, the hoodies.
I'm really impressed with this line,
and I think Champion makes some very comfortable stuff.
No doubt, no doubt.
St. Patrick's Day pass, since our last time, you guys do anything?
I know it's a big deal more than it seemed to be 30 years ago,
but you guys have any cocktails?
I didn't do one thing on St. Paddy's Day.
Nothing.
Didn't have a drink, believe it or not.
I played golf St. Paddy's Day. Nothing. Didn't have a drink, believe it or not. I played golf St. Paddy's Day.
Me and a buddy were down like three grand with four holes to go,
and I birdied 17-8, and we ended up 400.
It's just an unbelievable, unbelievable swing,
and it was against a guy from Ireland on St. Paddy's Day.
He took a beating on the last few holes.
And then I watched some basketball and took the
kids swimming. So yeah, there's no more
ripping it up all day at the bars. It was more
about just being a family man after playing golf
and gambling. What about you, G? Anything?
Yes. I went down to
Stone Street in New York City. It's actually
a blast. It's kind of like...
It reminds me of Boston, cobblestone streets.
It's like outdoor drinking. Had a blast.
Nice. Good stuff. Also, the Chicklets Cup video dropped. A couple more. The Big Select Street. It's like outdoor drinking. Had a blast, actually. Good stuff.
Also, the Chicklets Cup video drop.
A couple more.
The Big Selects video drop.
Oh, man.
What a good time.
Sean Apuzzo did a great job on the edits.
We had a battle.
And obviously, if you've watched it, we took a licking from Nose Face Kill.
This guy's the real deal.
99 of deck.
The 99 of deck.
So if you haven't had a chance to go check it out, go and subscribe to our YouTube channel.
And we have two episodes.
And we are going to be keeping that going.
On to Buffalo is the next location.
Rumor has it that the 99 of deck will not be there because he's actually going to be having a kid.
So that's the rumor as of now.
Negotiation tactic.
Is it really?
You never know with no states.
Someone slept with him?
Somebody wants the flights and hotels.
Just kidding.
I'm just kidding.
No states.
You're my boy.
Take it back.
You're my boy.
Jesus, man.
Come on, man.
But a great job by Sean editing.
A great battle.
We will be getting back in the negotiation as kind of like the the negotiation as far as
like who's going to come back as far as our team we might need a few more ringers and we definitely
need a goaltender no offense to mike mckenna who absolutely stunk the joint out oh okay uh
yeah i guess i didn't see him i mean if you watch the video you're going to see what happened folks
yeah no your goaltender was no doubt your weakest position.
If you had even probably.
Well, maybe if you would have came back, R.A.
First two games, I might have been there.
But I don't know, man.
Four fucking games in two days.
I'm an old fuck and I'm out of shape, man.
You got a verbal commitment from Gronk to play goalie so far.
And rumor has it he might be heading to Buffalo.
To the Bills with Brady coming back?
Well, now that Brady's coming back, maybe not.
But his brother was saying there was a possibility.
Rumor boys, strike again.
The rumor boys.
All right, well, like I said, a bunch of trades to get to.
We've got a pair of guests.
We're going to have Sam Bennett from the Florida Panthers joining us shortly.
And also our buddy in St. Louis, Cam Jansen, give us an update on the Blues.
First, though, we want to say if you're still not over the moves your team made or did not make it the deadline then relax with some nice and smooth
pink whitney sold wherever fine liquors are sold or if you prefer belly up your favorite hole in
the wall grab some of that nice pink whitney shots shots whatever however shots soda however
how do you how do you take yours biz what's preferred? I like the shots. Yeah. I like doing it.
It's 30, right?
So it doesn't hit you like a Jager or any of those other ones would.
It's nice and easy.
I know the college girls like it.
That's the biggest demographic it's hitting.
But for all you gentlemen out there, it's the way to go, smooth and steady.
New bar in New York City called the Canuck.
For Canadians, they have Pink Whitney shot skis everywhere.
The best Pink Whitney watering hole in the city.
Really? Yeah. Wow.
Shuttle to Canuck. That's a cool name for a
bar, too. But we do have a lot
of action on the trade front. Oh, what a
day it was. It felt back...
I don't remember the year, but there was
a year or two stretch where there was like 50
trades, it felt like. And it
slowed down a little bit. I remember last year, all
the deals went down before the deadline day and duffy almost didn't go to work at tsn but today we got some
action even though there was some stuff that happened prior this week we we at least had some
excitement as the day wound down i remember the deadline i remember this is the biggest
deadline day of all time maybe not as far as like big names but every team at least in the east i felt like every team
added a solid defenseman and at least a guy up front and in some cases with a team out west adding
a vesna winning goaltender yep the big name went monday mark andre flurry the last couple days we
started hearing his name associated with minnesota quite a bit and it turned out there was something
there because billy g dealt for his old teammate Monday.
He said the Blackhawks are a conditional second-round pick
that would become a first-rounder if Minnesota makes the Western Conference Finals
and Marc-Andre Fleury accounts for four-plus wins in the first two rounds.
To make room for him, the Wilds sent Kapo Kakanen,
goaltender to San Jose, for defenseman Jacob Middleton.
Minnesota also added Nicholas Delarie from Anaheim.
Tough guy there for a third and 23.
But first off, Marc-Andre to Minnesota.
Again, this is something we didn't really start hearing rumblings
until a couple days ago, and now it's happened.
It's a great deal.
Biz went on record saying that Minnesota is his sleeper team.
It's his fifth team now, but let me tell you.
A sleeper team out west.
Okay, so you still got to pick your sleeper team out east, and that'll be six teams, but I'm tell you i sleeper team out west okay okay so you still go you pick your sleeper
team out east and that'll be six teams but i'm with you biz and i actually didn't really um
respect or understand how good of a season minnesota had been having until i really went
over some stats that you mentioned and they're third in the league in wins right now i believe
or third in the conference at least they got 36 36 wins. I think they're only behind Colorado and Calgary.
Their offense, I didn't realize, was as good as this.
Fourth for goals four.
Fourth for goals four in the NHL.
So scoring is not too much of an issue.
They got two great lines that could score.
They got a big-ass line with Foligno and Greenway,
and they can run amok, and they can play physical,
and they can beat you up.
And goal-taking had been an issue.
And so all of a sudden, when you hear Fleury maybe didn't want to go anywhere and he's uprooted his family so many different times
lately and i really think the fact that him and billy garren had won a stanley cup before and had
a relation and grinelli did a good job mentioning ray shero is now a part of the wild uh staff and
he's got a familiarity with mark andre maybe that was a big factor and also the case where chicago
is a pretty close flight.
You know, you can shoot back to see your family.
If you do have a day off, they can come up and see you.
If they're not going there, I don't know.
Maybe they are moving with them.
But what a move, a power move from a team who you said
really had to go for it this year because of the cap hits
they're going to get crushed with the next two seasons.
Well, I mean, I was doing a couple of Sportsnet hits,
and Kelly Rudy mentioned that Cam Talbot truly believes he's a number one
and wasn't sure how maybe he would feel about the fact that they felt
that they needed maybe to add an extra guy as far as goaltending.
Well, if there's one guy who can come in and calm things as a netminder
when surrounded by goaltending controversy, so to speak,
it's Marc-Andre Fleury
he dealt with it in Pittsburgh with Matt Murray they went to the conference finals against Ottawa
I believe it was in game seven he handed the reins over to Murray he took over one game seven
and then we don't even need to talk about the Vegas Golden Knights situation so I see it as a
1A 1B situation some of you people who heard me talk about the Meraza-Campbell 1A, 1B situation are saying,
shut the fuck up with the 1A, 1B.
Fuck you.
We'll get to that later.
Meraza's on waivers.
Unclaimed.
But they solidify in the fact that let's say Cal Talbot continues to have struggles.
They can lean on Fleury and vice versa.
You do have a 1Aa 1b type of situation
now one of the other issues that Minnesota was having was on the penalty kill and with the amount
of goals that they've been giving up lately in general let's not just we're not we can't just
throw the goaltending under the bus and with the penalty kill and you mentioned with the connection
to Billy G and Ray Shiro maybe one of the reasons why Minnesota ended up being the team was the fact
that he was let in on some inside information
as to not only do we have this team
who can provide a bunch of offense,
fourth in the league as far as goals scored,
we are going to go address the things
that we need to address.
The penalty kill.
They pick up Jost.
He can help out on the penalty kill, right?
They're one of the worst teams on the penalty kill, especially as of late.
Then they go pick up DeLaurier, and then a surprise pickup, I would say,
from the San Jose Sharks, a name that wasn't really being thrown out there
quite a bit, was Middleton.
Solid defensive defenseman.
Solid defensive defenseman.
If you look at his analytic numbers, I'm not the analytics guy,
but not only eye tests, but everything confirms that he's a guy
who they can lean on in that category.
So bingo,
bango.
They address all the issues they need to do,
not the top six forwards.
And you mentioned that big line of,
of Foligno and Greenway.
Well,
who do they got in the middle?
Eric Sinek.
He's a fucking monster too.
So they are big.
They're mean. They they have big mean guys who
can play and then they add delorier to the mix to where now the other bigger players who are leaned
on more as far as the play is concerned can worry more about the playing and if the fisticuffs need
to occur off the delorier so billy g and i said it we know they're getting 14 sheets the next two years
onto their cap because of the buyouts that is a that they're getting ruined this year it's only
4.7 he addressed every single issue they needed to address and billy g had the best deadline of
any gm in the national hockey league keep the fucking. Wow. I mean, it's hard to argue.
Going out and getting Fleury is that big of a move
where I get some other teams in mind that we'll get to
in terms of having great deadlines,
but I do respect the hell out of Minnesota and Guerin going all in
because as a fan base, when you've had the season they've had,
even with the recent struggles, it's like,
oh, please get us a little bit of help.
Do something here, and boom, he went out and did a bunch also our business a little gm on gm crime
uh kyle davidson i guess him and dubas had a little tete-a-tete uh kyle davidson on kyle
dubas calling him out regarding his the leak fucking right toronto discussions kyle davidson
said i'm aware of his comments and that's something i'll address in private with kyle
kyle dubas called him out for a week.
Well, first of all, he didn't really call him out.
What he said was, is, I wasn't appreciative of the fact that we weren't talks about potentially getting Fleury,
not knowing what the goaltending situation.
Keep in mind, as of right now, their main starter, Jack Campbell, is coming off injured reserve.
He was out with a broken rib for me tapping him at the All-Star game.
My apologies, Jack Campbell. And it wasn't even a thrown under the bus he was more irritated the
fact that they'd had discussions why does why does the new gm for for chicago need to make that public
other than to ruffle feathers with another original six team in a different fucking conference that's
a joke i agree with dubas and frankly i commend dubas for
not going over the top and telling that guy to lick my fucking cornhole at trying to fucking
kick up dust um i think because everyone hates the leafs yeah and hey and and and and we'll
hate them right back and i might have stepped up let me tell you i actually i actually do think it
is a little odd to bring that up
because not that he cares about what's going on with the Leafs,
but it is something that is kind of rattling for goalies to see.
I mean, Mrazic's on waivers, so they obviously don't give a fuck about his feelings.
But Campbell's trying to come back.
He was horrific before he left for the injury.
Because he had a broken rib from All-Star Game when I tapped him.
I think worst goalie in the league since January 1st. From All-star game when i tapped him i think worst goal in the league since january 1st and then from all-star game when i tapped him and then
and then he was struggling before the all-star game and his broken rib but to see that they're
all of a sudden really don't believe in you and trying to get flurry that is dubious in a sense
is right it's like oh that just causes such headaches that i didn't need and it is odd for a
gm to kind of bring up a possible trade. Usually you don't hear.
Like they'll say no comment.
They won't discuss things like that until it's done.
So I don't know exactly what Davidson said.
I never saw what it is.
It's a big brother type situation or whatever other reality show you want to.
The organization that has three cups in the last 12 years considers the Leafs.
I don't even think it's just a word.
They were talking that out. And there's no proof that Davidson leakeds. I think it's just a word that they were talking got out
and there's no proof that Davidson leaked it.
Oh, really? Yeah, it was just that
Dubas was pissed that the trade talks
got leaked and he's assuming it came from
Davidson, but you know all the people
hear about these things. You can't pin it down
to Davidson, but in Dubas' head
that's where it came from. I don't give a
fuck. I hope they fist fight
in the press box. Dubas had a good deadline.
I mean, are we going to that now?
Are you going to another?
No, no, no.
We got to get to G, not this G, the other G.
Oh.
The other big name in the trade market.
Everybody thought he was going to Colorado.
A while back, we had Dave Pagnotta from the fourth period.
He says, ah, not so fast.
Florida looks like they're in the running.
Lo and behold, that's where he ended up.
After playing exactly 1,000 games for Philadelphia.
By the way, the only player to ever play exactly 1,000 games for any team in NHL history.
Pretty interesting fact.
After 1,000 games with Philly, the Flyers traded Claude Giroud to Florida Panthers
along with a pair of current AHLs in a fifth rounder in 24 for forward Owen Tippett,
a first-round pick in 24, and a third-round pick in 23.
Philly's also going to retain 50 of Claude's salary.
Severalli, our buddy Frankie, said that Drew, who had a no-move clause,
told the Flyers he was only willing to accept the trade to the Panthers,
so it was just a matter of getting a deal put together,
kind of ties the Flyers' hands a little bit.
He was the longest-standing captain in Flyers' history.
Obviously, Florida was dangerous before they got him.
They're more dangerous now.
Biz, let's go to you first on this one.
I don't think we ever got a reason as to why Florida was the only team,
or did you?
Well, he told them that's the only team he was willing to go to.
Now, I don't understand why Philly could have kept that between him and G
and not told other teams that, right?
Or no?
So, the other two teams in the east who were making
offers were the rangers and the bruins and the only other team out west i believe who was offering
enough to even come close to what the other teams were offering was colorado so colorado was
interested i find it very bizarre that he wouldn't have entertained Colorado because if you look at the parity as far as conferences are concerned,
Colorado in the West, far above who at least they're in line to play right now
as far as a wild card compared to where you are in the East.
I mean, who knows?
Maybe they can end up playing Boston,
and Boston's no pushover if they end up playing them as a wild card but going back to the trade I completely understand why Florida even though
it might be overkill as far as offense because they are loaded offensively they don't as far
as the core group of players who are pulling the rope have the playoff experience you look at
Huberto you look at Barkov you look at Ekblad, who's now injured.
You look at Reinhardt, even if you look at Bennett.
All those guys who are really producing.
The only other two players with real playoff experience
in that lineup are net front presence Hornquist.
Horny.
And Jumbo. And Jumbo.
And Jumbo.
And now Sherratt, but he wasn't there.
Correct.
Right, and now Sherratt with Montreal.
But as far as the guys up front,
Jumbo Joe can be a calming voice in the room,
but he doesn't have that on-ice impact that he once did.
He's a fourth liner.
So getting him was probably important in that regard as to he knows exactly
what it takes inside those very emotional series he's been to a cup final he's competed against
the Pittsburgh Penguins in the heydays and really know what playoff performing is about and even
despite the fact that Claude Giroux is aging he has a great season offensively he's got great analytic numbers
he is still playing at the top of his game and I don't think that they had to give up an absolute
boatload to get him especially at the fact that he they kind of cornered him and saying that's the
only team I want to go to so as far as other GMs who did a great job at the Den Light, tip your cap to Bill Zito because at the issues that they had now,
especially with the Ekblad injury,
the Sherratt move making even more sense and looking even better.
Great move for Giroux.
Great move for the Florida Panthers.
They're still at the top.
They still are not in the clear, though, because that is a wagon of a conference.
Yeah, and unfortunately not
a little off topic in terms of bringing in Giroux but the Panthers are completely fucked without
Ekblad and and that is a great team up front can play with any team in the league up front now
especially the Giroux and he can play center he can play wing say Bennett wants to stay at center
he could play on the wing for him or play on the wing with Barkov on the top line. But Ekblad, that team I thought needed two defensemen.
They got Chirot, which was a great addition,
but they are not the same team without Aaron Ekblad.
And you have heard that he's out for the rest of the regular season
and will return in the first round.
But, I mean, that means he's out at least a month.
All of a sudden you hop back into a first round,
whether it's with the Bruins, whether it's with the Leaf Leafs it's going to be a good team that they're playing
against and if he's even misses the first two three games of that first round like you're in a
lot of trouble so I uh hopefully he's back but without him they are they're screwed they're
screwed because their D wasn't really great to begin with even though Sherrod will be a difference
maker for them um I don't know if you have the exact tweet, R.A.
I'm going to put my tinfoil hat on.
And keep in mind, this is just...
That he's not injured at all?
Just let me put my tinfoil hat on.
It's already on.
Oh, sorry, that's our Pink Whitney spring golf hat.
Yeah, bucket hat.
I believe the day that Eckblad went on long-term IR,
if they hadn't put a player on long-term IR,
they would have been forced to deal a current player off their roster
in order to open up cap space to add Claude Giroux.
And if it wouldn't have happened before 5 p.m. of the day
that they made the deal for Giroux that was the case now
any listen I am in no way shape or form saying that Ekblad is faking this injury absolutely not
I would never say that I feel terrible for him because I agree with you Whit if they don't have
Ekblad in that lineup I think they're toast they could even lose first round after selling the farm in order for this cup run all right do you have the tweet I actually have it
right here I'll read it if you want it says uh cap friendly had this they said last night we
said that the Panthers this was on March 20th they said last night we said that the Panthers did not
have the cap space to fit Giroux under their ceiling without a corresponding move but they had
until 5 p.m eastern time today to do
it we have now been told that florida has placed aaron ekblad on ltir giving them an additional
7.5 million in relief if and remember i have a tinfoil hat on right now so anything i say with
the tinfoil hat is not being taken seriously if fact, Ekblad pulled that off,
give him the Norris and give him a fucking Oscar, Ari.
He did look like he was in a lot of pain in Anaheim, though.
So hopefully he is okay and he'll be back because, like I said,
without him, they really don't have a chance.
It's like trying to say Tampa would have a chance to win a third in a row
without Hedman.
They need that guy.
He's their number one.
Yeah, obviously, fucking huge loss.
Also, we got to mention, too.
Let me take my tinfoil hat off.
It is now off of my head.
Busy back.
Whatever.
Also, we want to go back to Drew for a sec.
He took that final lap as a flyer after the game.
It was his 1,000th game.
Real emotional scene for him.
And the other cool thing the Flyers did, they had his dad come in to introduce the lineup
for his last game.
I don't know if you guys caught that.
Pretty good shit from the Flies.
But, you know, it's a new stuff at Drew, and we'll see what happens down in Florida.
And I hope at some point we do find out, like, he was so dialed in and wanted Florida.
That was the only place he'd go.
I was confused.
What did you mean, though?
Like, why did they say anything?
What do you mean? Wait, why did they say anything? What do you mean?
Wait, why did they say?
You said, why did they have to tell everyone that?
No, I'm saying if, like, the Flyers were the only ones who knew he wasn't going to go anywhere else,
they still could have negotiated with other teams.
But why?
He wouldn't have gone there.
Just to at least try to maybe drive up the price.
Because if Florida didn't know, that was his only destination.
You know what I'm saying?
If Giroux and Philly kept it between each other.
Give us more.
All right.
I got you.
I got you.
So then they could say, hey, I'm getting this from them.
And they're not lying, even though they don't know they're never going to get them.
Maybe Giroux's agent.
Maybe it became more.
Yeah, I know what you're saying.
Understandable.
But he definitely had his sights set on being a Panther.
And maybe in terms of Colorado, he's comfortable.
He's played in the East his whole career.
You know what I mean?
What?
Tinfoil hat? No state taxes.
No state
tax. Once it's done. It's huge, too.
We already mentioned Ben
Sherratt, the Panthers. That was pretty much the Ben
Sherratt sweepstakes going on. A lot of teams are looking
to add the battle-hardened veteran. Solid
veteran playoff degree.
Let's see. Montreal received prospect
Ty Smolanek, a first
in 23 and a fourth and 22.
Also retained half of the salary.
Smolenik, let's see, he's in Quinnipiac second year down there.
But Florida, like we said, toughened up the D.
Habs got a nice little return.
Habs did as well, too, dumping a lot of these pots off.
A couple other pots before we bring on Sam Bennett while we're doing Panthers talk.
They also added Robert Haag from Buffalo for a sixth and 22.
And to make some moves for some money reasons,
they did have to send Frank Vetrano to the Rangers for a fourth and 22.
He'll be UFA after this season.
And Jacob Truba retweeted a picture from  they look like they're about 12 years old.
That was awesome.
From the national program, cheating off of each other in school or whatever.
Yeah, they might have been at Pioneer High where I went to school.
I think it was at the national program where that picture was from.
Yeah, it absolutely was.
And Vetrano, a really solid player.
That is not at all like  they're not thrilled giving him away.
They're not giving him away but having to get rid of him.
But with the amount of talent they have in Florida,
kind of just with contract situation, you know, couldn't fit in there anymore.
But the Rangers are pumped to have him,
and you saw him get the empty netter on Sunday night.
Backing things up, if they would have gotten rid of him,
would that have opened up the cap space?
I don't know how much they needed to.
I don't know.
That's a good question.
Because Philly retained half of Giroux, correct?
Yes.
So, yeah, about 4 million.
And what does Vetrano make?
I think around 2.53. So maybe. Maybe that was what million. And what does Vetrano make? I think around...
2.53.
So maybe.
Maybe that was what they needed, but it might have been even a little bit more.
And that's why that tinfoil bizzy realized Eckblad faked a disgusting looking...
No, no, no.
I didn't say that.
Tinfoil hat biz did say that.
Yeah, Vetrano, he found himself a nice little home down in Florida after the Bruins traded him there.
So good luck to him in New York.
Bowling ball with the, like I said.
I don't want to be insensitive biz here saying that.
I'm just saying if he pops up, like, right before playoffs start,
you're just like, oh, geez, wow.
Interesting.
Little Kucherov.
They learned it from across the state.
That's what I'm saying, baby.
Tinfoil hat, of course.
Well, biz, I said we're going to bring on Sam Bennett in a minute.
I know we're down here on a working trip, but we might have a few cocktails,
so you might have to have a few no-days-wasted little something to help us the next day.
Detox, detox.
I'm going to need a few here in Atlanta for the dice game.
Yeah, guys, it's the vitamin for people that drink.
It is a natural supplement that breaks down the toxins of the alcohol
before they get to your liver they also
have the hydration replenisher they don't just have the watermelon flavor now they have multiple
flavors this is perfect for getting your sodium in as g is walking it over this electrolyte pack
immunity booster provides what you need to help rehydrate and perform your best all day, every day. They also have actual vitamins,
the gummy type. So guys, check them out. You're going to get a Biz20 promo code. As I mentioned,
those hydration replenisher packs, they not only have vitamins C, D, B, and zinc,
they also have great flavors and check them out biz 20 promo code for 20 off
dhm detox yeah i like the gummy vitamins those are good stuff they're the best they're not the
gummies we usually talk about in the show the gummy vitamins so those are good dhm detox it's
a 100 risk-free purchase on your first box so if you don't love it they'll refund you it's a
no-brainer at the very least give it a shot and if you don't love it, they'll refund you. It's a no-brainer at the very least. Give it a shot.
And if you don't like it, you get your dough back.
It's simple.
Also, you need DHM Detox delivered quick.
No Days Wasted is now on GoPuff.
So that means delivery to your house, a party,
or the bar in 30 minutes or less.
Just head over to GoPuff and search No Days Wasted.
Once again, head over to nodayswasted.co
and use the promo code biz20 for 20
off once again that's no days wasted.co for no days wasted after drinking with biz20 not a big
deal and now enjoy Sam Bennett all right it's time to bring on our next guest this 25 year old
center was taken fourth overall at the 2014 draft by Calgary.
After nearly seven seasons as a Flame, he was traded to Florida,
where his game really flourished.
He put up 51 points in 58 games thus far as a Panther
and is currently second on the team with 24 goals.
It's a pleasure to welcome to the Spittin' Chicklets podcast, Sam Bennett.
How's it going, brother?
It's going great. Thanks for having me.
Our pleasure, man. You guys are on an absolute tear right now.
I think only one team has more points than you 26 and six at home.
The place is packed.
I know you didn't see Bachoff and Huber though a lot being in the West,
but did you know these guys were that good?
No, I, I honestly had no idea. I mean, obviously I heard about, uh, um,
you know, how skilled they were, but, uh,
to actually see them and every day and play with them,
it's pretty impressive.
Some of the stuff that these guys are doing,
I don't even know how they see some of these plays. And it's every night they're making plays
that not many other players in the league can make.
Now, the first time you were put in a line with Huber,
were you kind of like looking behind you like
me? You sure about that? Such a
skilled guy?
No, for sure. I mean, as soon as
I got traded,
Huber actually texted me.
I didn't know him before, and he's like,
we're going to play together, and I can't wait to
play with you. And I was like, all right,
well, let's go. So I was fired
up right away.
Yeah, so before I even got there that's he he said he was playing with me and um yeah it's it's just been a
treat for me ever since that had to be a great feeling because we'll go into Calgary a little
bit later but at times you weren't really given that much of a chance in certain offensive roles
so to get traded to a team and hear from the best player like hey we're going together you must have been
like oh my god this is perfect and i'm a free agent i'm gonna sign a big ticket yeah i was
i was looking like chops at the at the opportunity um yeah i was pretty stuck in a in a you know a
hole in calgary i planned four or five minutes for for most of the
the time there and um yeah as soon as I found out I was I was going to be playing with you we
I knew that uh you know my role was going to get bigger I was going to get some opportunity and um
yeah I was I was I was pumped to say the least would it be safe to say that your confidence
was shot or was it just a lack
of opportunity in Calgary?
I'd say it's a bit of both for sure. I mean, I definitely, I mean,
I still knew I was, I could be the player that I am now when I was there,
but you know, I felt like a different player on the ice for sure.
Like I didn't feel like I had all that confidence.
I didn't have, you know, if I was going to make a mistake,
then if I make a mistake, I'm sitting for the rest of the game.
And then once you have that feeling, it's tough to play.
So, yeah, I never got that feeling in Florida, and it's helped me.
Biz doesn't even play hockey anymore and still has that feeling.
That's how used to it he was.
No, hey, it's hard, man.
Like, you understand if you make a mistake,
your ice time is going to be limited the rest of the game.
So, like, even going into it, like, it's just like you feel like you're handcuffed.
And it's just amazing how you go from that type of situation
to the fact that you can go to Florida.
Now you've got 24 goals on the season, and, like, it's just been how you go from that type of situation to the fact that you can go to Florida. Now you've got 24 goals on the season and it's just been a whirlwind.
That wasn't going to happen to me, but for a guy drafted fourth overall, how did it get to that point?
And maybe were guys in the lineup in Calgary not vouching for you to try to get you on the higher lines,
given the fact that you still believed in yourself as far as your skill was concerned?
believed in yourself as far as your skill was concerned yeah no I don't I don't think I mean I had a great relationship with all the guys there so um you know I wouldn't say it wasn't
the guys vouching for me it was just I'd been there for for six years and they just put me in a
in a spot where that's where they they that I belonged, and that was it.
There was no other discussion after that.
So it's just kind of the way it was,
and I didn't really see anything changing from there.
So I was lucky to get that trade.
Would you ever go into the coach's room?
Would you ever try to engage in conversation to try to get more ice time,
or were you just trying to be a team player and saying you know what this is where they got me
pegged I'm going to try to contribute in this area and I'm going to shut up and just play
no I mean I definitely I fought for myself a lot um but I mean you know how it is when when uh
you're you're in a situation the coaches they get to decide what they want to do with you.
So, you know, there's only so much you can do.
And obviously I take some responsibility too.
Like I wasn't the player that I am now when I was in Calgary.
You know, I kind of accepted that role eventually.
And that's just the way I played.
So obviously I take some of that myself as well.
Once a coach pigeonholes players, it's really hard.
You make a good point because in their mind, it doesn't really matter.
Even if you have a couple good games, that one mistake, like you mentioned,
is tough.
So I was wondering, had you ever asked for a trade?
Had you ever thought about doing that?
Because it's not easy, and in Canada especially,
because then it makes the news and people are like well this fucking guy wants out he's not
playing well had you even had thought about asking them or had you done that prior to when you when
you finally were traded um so i mean we had a bunch of discussions uh me and my agent about
that and we never really, um, you know,
actually asked for a trade and until, you know, the very end when, um,
you know, I realized that things weren't going to change and, um, yeah,
lucky, lucky enough, they were, they're accepting to, to trade me as well.
I think it was, was just best for both of us. And, um, yeah, I was,
I was happy the way way the way everything worked out
must have been hard to get some traction too i mean i think you had six coaches in six seasons
there that must be tough to like kind of reboot it so often you know every six months eight months
ten months whatever it was yeah yeah for sure it's uh i mean i've been through a bunch of coaches.
I think that's, yeah, I don't even know why,
but there's been a lot of rotation in coaches. And yeah, sometimes that's tough to find that.
But I actually, the funny thing is,
when Daryl got hired by, by Calgary, he,
he was the coach that probably liked me the most. And I, I only got him for maybe 20 games and I
loved playing for him. So I actually didn't think I was going to get traded after, after Daryl,
Daryl got hired by Calgary. Was that a whirlwind when he came in? Like he is just a different
breed in the locker room, especially with the pregame speeches. Was that a whirlwind when he came in? Like he is just a different breed in the locker room,
especially with the pregame speeches.
Was he still keeling over and like spitting on the floor just to get the boys fired up?
Oh yeah.
Yeah.
He came in a couple of times and just was just,
so he,
he,
he waits in the,
in the locker room as the boys are going out,
like he's one of the boys and he's like fist pumping,
like getting the boys jacked up great for warmups. And the first time he did that i think me and johnny and chuck here like the last
guys that were in the room and he's just like getting us all going we're like what's going on
we got warm-ups right now we're getting jacked up so um yeah he's he's a passionate guy that's for
sure and johnny likes to keep the beats per minute down a little bit so I was probably a bit of a change for Johnny he's like lay off me yeah for sure for sure oh Bob Holly
was one of your other coaches was he a pretty tough coach as tough as his reputation yeah he was
um I had him my first year so I didn't uh I was just uh you know new to to the nhl new to to everything going
on but uh yeah he was he was hard on me he's uh he would have me uh in the in the coach's room
almost every day for for some video um i'd video a lot with him and go over clips. So, yeah, he was tough on us for sure.
I mean, you never had to play one game in the minors,
which is pretty incredible.
I mean, it had to be tough too because I look at when you came into the league,
Calgary was a young team.
It was like Monaghan, Goudreau.
I mean, there wasn't many veterans to really lean on in terms of,
like, learning the game.
And you had a sick rookie year, but it must've been different in terms of like,
you never dealt with the minors.
All of a sudden you're in the NHL and there's a lot of guys kind of not 18,
but young twenties must've been different in terms of like looking at it.
Like I don't really have many older guys to lean on right now.
Yeah. I mean, there, there was still some, some.
Like Wyman was there, wasn't he?
Yeah. Wyman was there. St there staging was there. He, uh,
he took me under his wing as, as a veteran guy. And, uh, you know,
he was, he was great for me. I love stage. He's, uh,
just a world-class guy. Um, so yeah, he was,
he was really good to me my, uh, my first year.
So you, you were there when Weidman ended up hitting the official.
Yes, I was, I was there for that.
What, like, what was that all about? Like, did he just wires cross? were there when Weidman ended up hitting the official yes I was I was there for that what
like what was that all about like did he just wires cross we gotta get him on this holy shit
I think he ended up getting ching ching quite a bit of dough too oh yeah yeah I think he got 20
games for that oh and then I he I think he might have uh I think he appealed it maybe got it half
so maybe 10 games but yeah that was um i
don't even know if he did it on purpose it's just one of those plays where the the ref's backing
into you and you're you're pissed off like you just got hit so i i don't i don't really know
what happened but uh yeah that was that was a a crazy event for sure doesn't doesn't help at the
press conference when the ref shows up in a neck brace a wheelchair he's got all he's basically in a body cast yeah he was he was milked in that one
for sure i think he ended up suing the league or something oh did he yeah i don't even know
the full story i think bedman had to stroke him a check oh really wow i don't know i'm just making
it up we're the rumor boys
around here yeah um one of the things uh one of the things i was texting a few of your ex-teammates
johnny said that uh you're the guy after the bar first thing when you guys get would get home you
would go right for the guitar and you thought you were a guitar guy and you would just be
you basically thought you were john mayer but the complete opposite that's insane that
he said that i might have done that once and i just started to learn guitar like two years ago
so i don't know why he's saying that i would do that every time he said you were a guitar guy
we all got a guy in the group who wants to grab the guitar after the bar now are you single or
do you got a girl no no i'm not not single oh okay i was gonna say sometimes it's usually the single guys who do it
as a chance to maybe get one of the girls at the after parties uh yeah i mean i mean two years ago
i was single so that that could have been why i was that was the year he was playing i was pulling
off the guitar but uh using a rubber as a pick.
Just kidding.
We know you don't use rubbers up in Calgary.
They sell them in that province.
No comment.
I actually partied with this guy at Stampede.
I had a blast with you guys.
And one of the things you kept ordering was uh was the burt reynolds shot and
you're shaking your head right now but that was his go-to he's since i guess retired the
burt reynolds shots people in edmonton did that shit too it's crazy yeah i mean so i guess that
that's a calgary or an alberta thing i guess but people there they love burt reynolds i didn't know
about it until um my first year joe Colburn used to order them by the dozen
he'd order 20 at a time and I just I guess that's that's where I learned it from I thought that's uh
that's the thing to do in Calgary so um yeah a couple stampedes I would order a few Burt Reynolds
for the boys. And yeah,
at the fact,
at the fact that Johnny gave me that ammunition of you being guitar guy
post bar,
you know,
what are some things you can maybe go at Johnny about?
We already talked about his obsession with friends,
which is absolutely pathetic,
but what about his,
what about his,
what are you laughing at?
All right.
Cause he liked Ross.
That was his favorite character.
That was his favorite character, but let's talk about his fashion what about how about when he was
riding that car that the horse at the stampede and he was wearing the gucci loafers like what's
going on with this guy yeah gucci loafers he'd go yeezys on the horse too um yeah i i don't know
he's he's never had good style that's's probably the richest guy with the worst style.
So I think it's a little bit better now that he's married.
I think his wife looks after him.
So it's a little bit better now, but his style was never a strong suit.
That's for sure.
Were him and Monaghan two peas in a pod?
Were they always hanging out?
Because they kind of came up at the same time together, didn't yeah yeah they did they're uh yeah they're really close they're
they're uh they're buddies that's for sure so um yeah good talking speaking of what you want me to
say trying to tee up for some yeah they're yeah they're friends bris well well monty used to have
that account though the one that
would make fun of him about being boring sean monaghan is he i don't think that was ever him
running that account no i know i know i think people were is he actually that boring behind
the scenes uh he's not boring at all but he's he has a very dry sense of humor he takes he takes a while to to figure out
for sure with his his sense of humor but then once you you uh you get used to it he's one of
the funniest guys that i've played with hey did you get the chance to play with uh yuri hudler
there because that guy's oh my goodness the champagne. How about going out with that guy? Yeah.
I played with my first year.
He was around.
Oh Jesus.
We'll leave it at that.
I guess.
Can't even tell the stories about hoods. Yeah.
Those.
Sam,
when you broke it with Calgary,
you got one regular season game and then you were right into the fight in
the playoffs.
You played the whole play actually 18 years old. Was it nerve wracking to jump into that right away
or were you eating it up as a young kid? What was that experience like?
Yeah, that was, I was definitely
nervous for sure. I think it all happened so quickly that
I was just going with the flow, just enjoying every minute
of the experience. And I didn't even think I was just going with the flow, just enjoying every minute of the experience.
And I didn't even think I was going to play in the playoffs because I'd been hurt for the majority of that year.
I went back to junior for maybe a couple of weeks and then we got eliminated in the playoffs and got flown out to Calgary, played the last regular season game with Calgary.
And then they were like, all right, you're going to play game one
against Vancouver.
And I didn't even know what to expect.
I was just going with the flow.
I'd like to go back to like the beginning and like, you know,
how you became the player you are and growing up in the game.
Like, was your father somebody who you really looked up to
and you were close to?
Did he get you into hockey? What was your kind of backstory in terms of like the beginning of
your life as a player yeah um it was definitely my dad who got me into it um he uh would always
build the backyard rink when i was a kid and uh that's where i i grew up playing on the backyard
rink and that's where i'd where I learned to love the game.
I remember I used to skip school all the time and I could walk home.
I'd walk home and go out on the backyard rink.
And my dad was always okay with it.
My mom, maybe not so okay with it.
But yeah, those are some good memories back then.
He's like, honey, he's going to play in the NHL.
She's like, what the fuck are you talking about?
He's seven.
Just like every dad in Ontario that thinks their kids are going to make it to the NHL.
Yeah, throwing garbages on the ice when they miss an offside call.
Stabbing refs.
So you ended up playing with Connor McDavid growing up with the York Simcoe Express.
Was it still the Express when you guys were there?
Yeah, that's right.
I played with them when I was nine years old, right until 16, I think.
So we played together for a long time.
I read online that his father helped you a ton with your stick handling and all the skill work.
Is that true? Was he pretty hands-on?
Yeah. His dad was our coach for like five years.
I think we won five years in a row with Yorkship going.
Shocker.
He was our head coach and he was awesome. He's, you know,
he taught me so much. He was a really smart, smart guy, obviously.
But yeah, he, he was really helpful for my career, that's for sure.
McDavid was playing a year up.
Could he have even played more than that?
Was it just a joke for him then?
Everyone knew?
Oh, yeah.
Yeah, he was by far the best player a year up.
He could have played two years up, I bet.
I wonder why they never did that.
Yeah, I don't know.
I feel like he didn't need to.
One year was good, but he was unbelievable back then,
just like he is now.
I mentioned you were taking fourth overall.
Did you know Calgary was taking you?
Were you expecting to go somewhere else?
What was that draft experience like uh yeah it was good i mean i think uh before the combine
i i think i might have been expected to go a little higher and then i couldn't do a pull-up so
uh slid down to slid down to number four but uh yeah i did know that callagher was going to take me uh right before the draft
actually berkey right after edmonton picked dry settle berkey um look looked up to me in the
stands at the draft and gave me like a head nod like we're taking him come on that was pretty
cool yeah he like told you his glass of scotch. He's like, we got you, buddy. We got you.
And how about that?
Three of the first four picks now playing with that Florida Panthers team.
I'm sure you guys have had a few chuckles in the locker room about that.
I think it was Ekblad, Reinhardt, and then you.
Yeah, yeah.
We just  if we got Dreisel, that'd make it all four.
Well, you never know.
If they miss playoffs, they'll be fucking
Let's not talk about that team.
Jesus Christ.
Why couldn't you do a pull-up? was it because your shoulders was banged up or was it just because you were just like a
skinny rail no i i mean i probably was skinny but uh i had a bad shoulder i had a torn labrum at the
time and um i just never did a pull-up before the combine.
I assumed that I could still do them. And then I got to that,
that pull-up bar and pulled as far as I could.
And I wasn't going anywhere.
So I was,
I was pretty embarrassed at the time,
but I didn't even really think much of it.
I was like,
Oh,
no one will,
no one will really care about this.
And then the next day it's written the front page of the Toronto Sun.
There's a picture of me like this.
Were you supposed to be first overall?
Is that why?
Yeah.
Well, I was ranked one at the time.
No way.
So I go back to high school because I was still in high school at the time.
And then someone brought in the paper.
And I have these kids in high school. I don't even know some some nerds or something and they were just just chirping me that i can't do a poll and i didn't even know what to say i was just like
yeah i don't know yeah i'm gonna buy this fucking high school when i light the NHL up
fucking bitch and i'm gonna expel your ass did you end up talking to your agent? Like, hey, is this going to affect me?
He's like, yeah, kind of.
Did you realize right away that this was going to make your draft stock plummet?
I didn't really know.
My agent said it wasn't a big deal.
I don't know if it actually did drop my stock or not.
drop my stock or not uh there is because the top four was so uh so tight that everyone uh wasn't really like it could have went either way yeah so i don't know if it really made a difference but uh
yeah i mean outside of florida though you could have ended up in buffalo so i would say
overall it saved you pretty good you would have never known how to be guitar guy after the bar
you would have never known what burt reynolds shots were you never would have got this oh yeah like people
in buffalo don't do a bunch of shots he would have been a drunk that he'd gone to buffalo
he'd be out of the league um so so when you were drafted to the ohl what pick were you then
because you were drafted by kingston correct yeah that's right i was uh ninth i was picked
ninth overall okay and I'm sure like you
you really enjoyed your time there pretty good city to play junior in they got a college um at
that time I'm not sure if they had their new barn yet though yeah they did they did it was it was
great I loved my time at Kingston I had a I had a blast playing there um yeah they had Queens right
there um it was it was a great city.
I really had a lot of fun there, too.
When you were in Calgary,
Jeremy, yeah, he was only there for a pit stop,
22 games. What's it like having
a guy of his magnitude, a legend like that,
in the room every day, just to pick his brain
a little bit?
Yeah, it was crazy. I mean,
growing up, I never thought that I'd get
to play with Jeremy Auger, so yeah, that was crazy. I mean, growing up, I never thought that I'd get to play with Jaromir Jager.
So, yeah, that was a pretty cool experience.
He's one of a kind.
It was amazing seeing him.
So he'd get a key to the locker room and he'd go into the rink at any time throughout the night and just go work on little things.
So it was pretty cool to see how hard he worked
and how much he loved the game.
I would have bet anything I owned that Yara Marriagor
was never on the Calgary Flames.
I literally forgot that completely.
How many teams did that guy end up playing on, R.A.?
Was it eight?
Ten?
Eight of nine?
The only reason I know that is because they used to have the traveling
Yagers.
There was about 10 guys who used to dress up and all those different
jerseys and just cruise around.
And I think they might actually even be from Calgary.
Cause I saw them make quite a few pit stops there.
Yeah.
Yeah.
We saw them.
We saw them in the stands the first time y'all explained,
they came to a lot of games actually.
Would he,
would he hang out with you guys or did he keep to himself for the most part uh no he would a little
bit um yeah like he would come to the the team parties and everything um so he's just like one
of the guys yeah it wasn't a big drinker though at that point i think he was off the sauce
yeah i don't think he was yeah he. He played for nine teams, Whit.
He played for nine?
Jesus.
Let's see if we can name them.
Penguins, Rangers, Capitals, Bruins, Flames, Panthers.
Fuck, I need two more.
Philadelphia.
Dallas Stars, Philadelphia Flyers.
There you go.
Ding, ding, ding.
I would have been stuck on eight until next season
had we not had Bennett on here talking about his time with him in Calgary.
So you got a convertible now,
and you cruise over to the beach quite a bit now playing in Florida.
That's what I hear.
What kind of convertible?
That's right.
I got a McLaren.
Oh, my God.
What? No state tax. Oh my God. What?
No state tax.
No state tax.
I thought he was going to say a Mazda Miata.
Yeah, same.
The McLaren.
Hey, what is Hubie driving?
Huberto has a sick whip, doesn't he down
there? He's got my dream
car. He's got a
2022 Ferrari F8. Oh, oh right leaving the league and scoring with
a french accent looking like him he's probably doing all right holy shit so it's a measuring
contest in the parking lot for you guys yeah well so when i first got there i was like shocked that
the garage wasn't that good and i was like chirping all the guys like Hubie last year had a Lamborghini
and he was the only guy with like a sports car.
And I was like shocked.
I played in Calgary forever and everyone drove trucks in Calgary.
Cause he can't really free truck.
You got your name in the back.
Yeah.
Yeah.
So,
um, when I, I got there and then this year, um, I was like in the back. Yeah. In the headrest. Yeah. So, when I got there, and then this year, I was, like,
chirping the boys, like, we got to get our garage going.
So, I ended up getting the McLaren.
And then, right after that, Barkov got a Ferrari.
Huberto got a Ferrari.
Wieger got a Aston Martin.
Follow the leader, boys.
Bennett's in town.
And then Eklat got a McLaren as well.
Oh, my goodness.
So our garage is up there.
It's probably one of the best in the league now.
Who's leading the team in speeding tickets?
I don't think any of the boys have got one yet, actually.
You guys are on the Russian program with the State Patrol?
Get a little cash out the window?
Yeah, the Florida State, the Highway Patrol looks real friendly
when I'm driving by them down here, too.
They're dicks.
You guys must be having a blast right now the way that
you guys are playing like this is if not like the most full octane offense i've ever seen in the nhl
just night in night out like five six goals here seven goals it gets it's fucking out of control
yeah it's it's crazy i mean it's so nice because you know me and Hubie could have an off night and not get any
points and then Barkov's gonna have three goals or Reinhardt's gonna have four like it's we have
we honestly have you know three four lines that score every night so it it takes a lot of the
pressure off um if you're having a bad night you know that one of the other lines is going,
that's for sure.
On top of that, that Lundell kid came out of nowhere, too,
having an incredible rookie season.
Oh, he's a really good player.
He's so confident and so gifted with his playmaking ability.
He's going to be a really good player in this league for a long time.
You see so many different lines.
I mean, your line's so successful.
You declare in Huberto, and some guys will get in it with each other.
They get after each other a little bit.
Is Huberto somebody who he's getting upset, or is he somebody
I know he's super competitive, but is he more pretty chill on the ice,
on the bench, or between shifts?
How does your whole line gel when you're figuring out
when things aren't necessarily going well in some games,
which isn't quite often, I guess?
Yeah, I mean, it's  we haven't really experienced
too much of that this year.
Hubie will get a little frustrated, but he's pretty composed
for the most part.
Like, he's never yelling at any of the guys.
He's always positive.
So, I mean, I guess that's what happens when you're top of the league in scoring.
So, yeah, it's been pretty positive this year for the majority of our team.
I just mentioned Jagger and Calgary, but you've got another legend down there in Florida with you this season,
Jumbo Joe.
What does he bring to Larkham?
He's still like a big kid out there, isn't he?
He's the best.
I love Jumbo.
He's just such a positive guy.
He's just always got a smile on his face, always joking around.
I always ask him, like, why are you still playing after all these years?
And he's like, I just love the boys.
I love being around the boys.
So he's great having him in the locker room.
And he's always lighting the mood no matter what.
He's going to be like Aki Berg overseas.
I think he's in Finland.
He's a trainer now.
Joe's going to get a job as a trainer just to stick around the boys.
He's going to be sharpening skates
business rubbing the guys quads out before games just so we could fucking chat a little flush from
before the games yeah was it was it hard at first though when when you guys weren't getting much
attendance given the fact that you guys were lighting it up I know like things have drastically
changed throughout the course even of this year of you guys like getting full barns and stuff.
Yeah.
I mean,
I think it was only maybe the first 10,
10,
15 games at home.
And then all of a sudden it's,
it's been sold out or close to sold out every night at home.
Like it's,
it's,
it's crazy.
And they get into it.
Like the games are fun.
It's,
it's loud in there.
Yeah. It's, it's completely and they get into it. The games are fun. It's loud in there. Yeah, it's
completely different than
all the games I remember. When I was in Calgary,
I show up on a Sunday afternoon
and there's 5,000 people there.
So
it's completely different than that now.
I mean, there were a lot of lean
years, which affects the attendance.
But also, I have said that that building,
until you go down there, it's the, which affects the attendance. But also I have said that that building until you go down there,
it's the biggest building in the league.
It seats like 23,000.
So a lot of times if you did have the normal size 18K,
it would look a lot different. But with the success your teams had,
it's been impressive to see the crowd and be into it as you're saying.
But I noticed last year when you played Tampa,
that was when it was like, holy shit, we got something brewing here.
Because that series and that rivalry has turned into something pretty special
where you guys are just battling out to win that division this season.
Oh, yeah.
Yeah, that was a fun playoff series for sure.
Yeah, because you knew you were lighting it up
and just making your payday go up and up and up.
You don't even McLaren.
Yeah, exactly.
But no, we play camp a lot.
Preseason playoffs.
We played them a lot in the last calendar year.
That's for sure.
I want to bring up you.
You guys had Joel Quimble to start the season.
Obviously, he was gone pretty abruptly.
You bring in Andrew Brunette.
He slides in.
You guys don't miss a beat.
What kind of coaches, Bruno, you guys have responded incredible to him. Yeah, he was gone pretty abruptly. You bring in Andrew Brunette. He slides in. You guys don't miss a beat. What kind of coaches, Bruno, you guys have responded incredible to him?
Yeah, he's been great.
He's just, you know, he's a really smart coach,
and he obviously gets it.
He's played a long time in the NHL,
and, you know, he really understands, like,
if we're having a bad game or a bad period,
he's not,
he's not going to be all over us.
You know,
he's like,
I get it.
It's,
it's tough.
He just motivates us.
And,
um,
yeah,
we've been able to,
to rally under him as well.
So,
um,
I love playing for him.
What's,
uh,
what's right.
Oh,
Radko.
Like he seems,
he seems,
uh,
a little bit off the wall.
Is that accurate?
No, Gouda's great.
He's an awesome guy.
He's always joking around, too.
He's a big personality, but an absolute killer on the ice.
I used to hate playing against this guy.
He's probably the best hitter in
the league like the hits he throws on guys they're always clean and he just kills guys
um why did yans uh say that you were the self-proclaimed mayor of king street is that
is that a fact i don't know about self-proclaimed but uh i used to i used to enjoy king street when uh when i was younger
living downtown toronto in the summers so uh i don't know some of the guys used to say that
um but definitely not self-proclaimed were you a big bottle popper were you a big sparkler guy
yeah i liked uh i liked the champagne the first couple years i thought uh baller ordering the uh
the ace of spades tastes terrible but you just feel like a baller and when you're at the club
when you're you're 20 years old so uh i enjoyed that for for my times there that's why that's why
jay-z got so rich off these young guys on their entry level spending the
whole the whole amount on the ace of spades dog champagne yeah exactly wait who got rich from that
jay-z created ace of spades he's like what yeah yeah he sold it recently for a big chunk
jay-z doesn't fuck around with yeah that fucking guy he is king huh i didn't didn't know he created a space like a vodka company or a liquor company did.
Well, some liquor company just bought off him and he cashed in.
Thanks to Sam Bennett.
Yeah, him peeling off in his McLaren from.
Texan Hoodler pictures.
Look at how I did it tonight.
No shirt on.
Do the guys ever go down to Miami?
Any of you guys ever shoot down to Miami or you're just keeping it chill in Lauderdale?
A couple of times, but I think we've only gone down there maybe two or three times this year.
We usually just stick in Fort Lauderdale.
Were you RFA when you signed that deal this summer?
Yeah, I had one year left on my deal.
Okay, nice, nice.
So that must have been a great feeling.
One year left until I was UFA.
So they bought out three years of UFA,
and then you did the deal with Bill Zito.
I've heard he's a pretty intense guy.
I mean, he's done a great job there.
He's really kind of changed the organization.
And I wonder, dealing with him with the contracts,
was it more just the agent talking to him, or were you a part of that at all um so no I think the most part it was my agent but
right before um before I went back home for the summer uh we had quite a few talks about about
the contract and he was pretty pretty open about talking to me about it.
Usually my agent would deal with all of that,
but we did a little bit together,
but my agent ended up doing the most.
Just talking about Goudis,
how much of a heavy hitter he is,
but you had a monster hit on Cole Sillinger not too long ago.
Was that the biggest hit you've ever got?
Oh my God.
I mean, that was violent.
I don't know how you didn't get a 20 gamer.
He didn't want that empty net minus.
It was clean.
Even their coach said it was.
I mean, I wasn't even going to hit him, to be honest.
I was just skating back full speed, and then he kind of opened up,
and I just reacted from there.
Yeah, I wasn't even going to rob that bank, but then I drove by it,
and i figured
he's like that hey hey thanks to calgary for teaching me how to hit on the fourth line
that's the only reason i was able that's why i developed those skills yeah actually you got
sussy this year did you were you surprised you got three games for that it was on paquette wasn't it
You got sussied this year.
Were you surprised you got three games for that?
It was on Paquette, wasn't it?
Yeah, it was.
Yeah, I was a little surprised. I mean, I didn't think it was a vicious hit at all.
I mean, I got him a little bit higher,
and then I think it was because he spun around,
so the league doesn't like when you get those helicopter motions, I guess.
And a little surprised by the three games, but it is what it is.
What did that cost you?
I think someone tweeted at me.
It was like 172K or something.
Oh, my God.
That's what it costs to fill up your tank on the McLaren now
with these gas prices, too.
Yeah, I almost had to sell the McLaren back then.
Hey, the league office gets a drop-off.
Yeah.
It's a McLaren.
He leaves some dip spit bottles in it.
He's like, fuck you, Gary.
Yeah, Gary's showing up to the CBA negotiations next time with the McLaren.
Oh, shit.
So one other big surprise, too,
and a guy who's been laying guys out is this Lomberg guy.
I am like, not only do you guys have three, like,
high-flying offense first lines, but, like, the fourth line, they can fucking like high flying offense, first lines, but like the fourth line,
they can fucking throw the weight around, man.
Oh yeah. Oh, they're great. Lombo's awesome.
He he's like the ultimate team guy. He'll defend anyone.
He'll he'll challenge anyone and defend anyone. And you know,
he's a small guy, but he is tough as nails. Tough as nails. So, yeah, he's great.
We need him out there.
I like seeing guys like that.
And looking like earlier this year, I was like, who is this guy?
I'd seen more of him last year.
And to see he did time in the East Coast League, a lot of time in the Miners.
Pretty cool.
He's finally getting his chance to be a part of one of the best teams in the league.
So, you know that what you're saying is true.
By being a team guy, he probably wouldn't be where he was without that aspect of his game.
Oh yeah, absolutely. I think that, that got him a long way.
And then obviously he's been playing great for us. So that,
that helps as well, but he doesn't, he deserves the,
he signed an extension this year, so he deserved that one for sure.
Another guy I want to ask about, and it's hard because you guys don't get much coverage, right?
It's like, you know, there isn't much media down there, which I'm sure you probably like after being in Canada.
But this Marchment, dude, he's got over a point per game.
He had like a six point game or whatever it was.
He's a monster.
He's thrown some enormous hits.
You probably see the sky's the limit for this guy being as young as he is and making this
impact.
He's not that young, to be honest.
I guess you're right. You know what?
He seems more young.
He's older than you.
He's 26.
I'm an NHL analyst.
He's been unbelievable
this year. It's really good to see he's uh
yeah that five point night was was ridiculous and he's been rolling ever since so what the
hell changed if he's 26 years old i guess i mean in the nhl like what what what is different this
year just how good your team is you think yeah i mean he's uh he's playing with with uh reinhardt who's like one of the best uh
playmakers in the league and um you know he's he's a great player like he's got he's got that
skill he battles hard um so i i don't know it's just a combination of a bunch of things yeah
yeah he's uh he's found that success and and he's and he's playing with a lot of confidence right now, that's for sure.
Or Swaggy's another guy who lightened it up.
That's what Yandel gave that nickname.
The whole team is.
Yeah.
We're just going to ask you about every guy.
Seriously, yeah.
Run down the lineup.
Yeah, Swaggy's great, too.
He's been having a hell of a year.
How long were you there for when you knew you were going to re-up there?
About 38 seconds?
Oh, yeah.
As soon as I got there, I was like, I want to play the rest of my career here.
So I'm going to do everything I can to.
Is Petrono's tattoo of Springfield, Massachusetts,
the worst tattoo you've ever seen in your life?
The one on his quad or whatever?
Dude, that's the skyline of Springfield, Massachusetts,
which is basically the Basketball Hall of Fame and some crack shacks.
And one of the best strip clubs in the AHL, if not the best.
Mardi Gras?
He's going to add the MGM Casino on his back.
He's going to go back to the shop.
I actually just asked him about it.
I just noticed it for the first time.
I was like, what is that on your leg, dude?
And he's like, oh, it's the city I grew up in.
I was like, oh, that's sweet, man.
Springfield that Homer Simpson lived in was nicer than that Springfield.
I've never been there.
All right. Well, we can't ask you about every guy.
We've taken up a lot of your time.
What's he like?
Holy fuck.
Just the dirt on everyone.
Yeah, I couldn't get shit out of Monaghan, but you've
been stroking these guys off of the guys you've been asking
about.
What's the locker room dynamic like?
Constant chirping back and forth.
Pretty calm atmosphere. What's the locker room dynamic like? Constant chirping back and forth, pretty calm atmosphere.
What's the chemistry like?
It's good.
Actually, it's quite a bit of chirping,
but, you know, we all get along really well, actually.
I think we're a pretty young team for the most part.
So the boys love coming in, telling stories and, you know, Duke and Hubie get get the stories going pretty good for the boys.
So everyone likes to listen to those ones.
And it's a lot of fun in the room.
Is that is Hubie still single?
Yeah.
Oh, that's what I said, dude. That's what I said, dude.
That's what I said.
Driving around that car.
The average age of your team is 32, but if Jumbo wasn't on it,
it would be 26.3. So it's actually just like a real young team.
Yeah, exactly.
You a big golfer?
Yeah, not a huge golfer, but I like to get out there.
I haven't gone out since training camp but uh
um i i love the golf i'm not very good but love it what else do you do to unwind you fish or
anything in the outdoorsy type shit yeah i just uh i was actually just fishing right before i
came on here off uh off my dock i didn't get any bites but uh i was i was throwing a couple lines out there
what's out there what would you catch normally honestly i haven't caught anything yet so
a 23 year old smoke show from lauderdale a couple empty ace of spades bottles
from after another after parties
no i haven't caught anything yet,
but I'll let you know if I catch something soon.
Yeah, keep us posted.
Sounds good.
All right, buddy.
Congrats on all the success this year.
It's pretty cool to see what's happened to your game
since you've gotten to Florida,
and the team is a blast to watch.
I can't wait for the playoffs.
And good luck to the rest of you.
Thanks for coming on and dealing with our bullshit.
And in similar fashion, me thinking Marshment was young.
Who was the player I thought had played 300 games,
but he had 870G?
Oh, he was from Islanders.
Oh, yeah, Josh Bailey.
So that shows how much I know.
We don't know much about the game here.
We just like to hear what the guys are up to in their free time.
Perfect.
Thank you so much, Sam.
Yeah, thanks, guys.
Thanks for having me.
Thanks for the Burr Reynolds shots at Stampede.
No problem.
Huge thanks to Sam for joining us.
I know it's the middle of the season.
These guys are busy, so we always appreciate it when they make time for us.
So, once again, big thanks to Sam Bennett.
The McLaren.
Oh, he got going once we did the car talk.
That fired him up. what did he say his
dream car was the the ferrari i don't know cars for temple i was like what's a mclaren isn't he
didn't he play defenseman for the broins yes with the spoiler didn't he hit zed nick with a flying
elbow that would be 50 games you got traded to san jose because cindy didn't want to pay him right
oh no it's a car my bad no no no he got uh cylinder did you say
shit nick no he's talking about he's talking about fucking kyle mclaren trucking oh way over
way over my tinfoil hat all right well either way biz uh that interview was also brought to you by
game time game time is the new exclusive ticket ticketing partner of barstool sports they're the
only ticketing company that barstool Sports used to buy tickets.
And the best part, they're the last-minute gang, man.
I love this stuff.
I was always the guy who would jump on a plane,
go to a concert last minute.
It's created by fans for fans.
GameTime is a new ticketing app that makes it easier
than ever to score last-minute deals on tickets
to sports, concerts, and shows.
Gee, what do you got?
I just actually used the GameTime app and got
Coldplay tickets this summer.
Oh, where at?
MetLife.
MetLife Stadium?
Yeah, so I'm excited.
I heard Coldplay puts on the best show of all time.
I've seen Coldplay.
I saw him at the Sky Dome in Toronto.
Good show?
Oh, yeah.
They know how to roll.
Was that the yellow tour and they were hitting the yellow ball around?
Everybody gets a wrist thing and all the colors match up.
They don't fuck around, man.
Coldplay is big time.
I know some people say, yeah, they'll trip you if you like Coldplay,
but they got good tracks.
R.A., what's your opinion on Coldplay?
You know how I know you're good.
No, no, let's hear R.A.'s opinion on Coldplay.
They're not my cup of tea, but I appreciate and respect
what they've done in the musical arena,
but I don't own any Coldplay music.
What do you think about the people
who say they're like a current day U2?
No.
I was just going to ask.
No.
You think U2 is better than Coldplay?
I do too.
I do too,
but I really like Coldplay.
I think U2 stinks.
You could think that,
but their track record is what it is.
U2's newer songs are brutes.
But their older songs like Joshua Tree and Rattling Home.
I'm thinking of the album names.
They're legit.
Octung Baby.
They're legit.
Coldplay, again, I got no beef with them.
They're not my cup of tea, but they're no fucking U2.
But anyways, Game Time offers the lowest prices anywhere.
Two beers.
They guarantee them, in fact.
They crack the code on how to score deals on last-minute tickets.
I wish this thing was around, like I said, years ago,
because I was the last-minute ticket king, but I can use it now.
You ever dreamed of sitting behind the glass?
It's possible with the GameTime app.
The biggest last-minute price drops can be found on the seats you thought
you could never buy, and you're not even getting gypped that's the best part the purchase process takes two taps and
10 seconds once you buy your tickets they're delivered directly to your phone no printer
needed the app also allows you to easily share them with your friends via text so you can all
get into the game seamlessly and not deal with some dirtbag scalp out in front of the garden
skip the hassle and enjoy the game.
What concert you've been dying to go to.
The best part, you get 20 off your first purchase.
Download the Game Time app.
Go to the Account tab to create a login and redeem the code CHICKLETS for 20 off your first purchase.
Terms apply.
Game time.
Get it.
Check it out.
I got a question for you already.
Have you ever found yourself in a situation like Grinnelli
where you bought fake tickets off a scalper? Yes. I think I told for you already. Have you ever found yourself in a situation like Grinnelli where you bought fake tickets off a scalper?
Yes, I think I told the story the night.
I sympathize with him, even though he fucked with him that night.
Same thing.
Matter of fact, it was a U2 concert.
I shit you not, at the Garden.
And I felt like such a fucking rube because, like, you know, I'm a city kid.
I'm not supposed to get swindled by some drunk hick
I'd thrown out of the fucking show.
And, like, it was five minutes after eight.
He's like
Oh he won't buy a ticket
I'm like
Oh this kid's not a scalp
But he must have got tossed
He's still at his stub
And it was already fucking scanned
And I got to the front
And I
I was like
How much did you pay for it?
Like a buck twenty
Oh
Did you sneak in?
No I don't
After that
I went home
My tail tucked between my legs
But also
We're on U2
Probably the best concert
I've ever seen
Bang for your buck.
This is when I was so broke.
It was St.
Patty's day,
92 Boston garden,
St.
Patty's day in Boston.
It's always electric,
let alone at the garden for a U2 concert.
And I had two tickets.
I paid like a buck 20 each and I was so fucking broke at the time.
I had to sell the other ticket for 120 bucks.
Sixth row,
dude,
this was the Octung baby tour.
What was,
yeah,
when the lady
come out belly dancing it was same i never seen solo solo sober did i didn't really fucking i
mean i might have smoked the hooba on the way in but nothing crazy dude biz legitimately the
boston guy and i never started shake before i've been to so many up and down like i was nervous
that it was gonna collapse and like crush people. Literally, the balconies were shaking. When they say that, people usually exaggerate.
The balconies were shaking like two, three feet.
I'd never seen anything like it.
Most electric concert ever.
I don't know if it was the best acoustically, all that shit.
But electricity, pure electricity, boom.
I'm back on YouTube because of R.A.'s story.
I'm downloading the whole catalog.
That was like the opposite of it. They already put it on your phone. Apple did a Vare story. I'm downloading the whole catalog. That was like the opposite of...
They already put it on your phone. Apple did like a few years ago.
That was like an anti-Graham
ideas right there. That was the biggest joke all of a sudden.
Like the worst YouTube albums.
That might be why I hate their guts.
It's still on my phone. I never get rid of it.
I don't think you can. It's like a virus.
It's like a special cream.
You might have seen the bag.
I probably got something in my toiletry kit to fight it off
it's like a cvs in there oh shit ah boys all right back to back to the lecture at hand as
snoop would say the leafs they were looking for d they got some not that kind defense everyone's
been saying it they had to do it so mark giordano along with colin blackwell our pal colin they're
coming from seattle for a second 22, a second and 23,
and a third and 24.
Seattle's going to retain half of Geo's money.
He's got 23 points in 55 games this year.
Blackwell having a nice little year for himself, 17 points in 39 games.
Toronto supposedly driving up the price everywhere.
Is this another tinfoil biz segment, or what's the deal here?
Were they driving up the price on Gio?
Of course Dubas was.
He's a fucking genius.
Can Giordano play goalie?
I'm not talking about the goal-tending situation.
I love that trade.
I love that trade.
Seriously, go ahead.
Sorry.
It's a great move.
My biggest issue wasn't goal-tending.
It was the back end in the house, as they say,
where you were kind of a liability.
You wouldn't pick up guys' sticks.
You wouldn't box guys out in time.
You're like, oh, I hope this thing gets turned over
so we can go play offense and I can get second assass.
Giordano and Muzzin coming back is going to help Jack Campbell.
Jack Campbell, he doesn't need to put up the numbers he did in November,
early in the season when he was playing lights out.
The reason he got nominated to the All-Star Game.
Okay?
He needs to be an above-average goaltender, which he's going to be
because I ate soggy subs with him on the bus.
I saw him battle all the way through the minors, back to the top.
Exactly what they thought when they drafted him first round in Dallas
a great great move and they didn't have to pay a ton Kyle Dubas congratulations now you have a
solid back end you got solid goaltending one component I'm a little nervous about is the
bottom six Colin Blackwell is going to add a little bit of spunk to that mix he was great
with the rangers
i haven't watched him a ton this season in seattle because they stink but i think he's going to add
that speed and that grit that they need i'm confident in the lease great job dubas you
didn't mortgage the future either you didn't get rid of any of these high-end prospects you stuck
to the game plan and you crushed it buddy right below uh billy g second
best gm moves of all the deadline way to go buddy um yeah i mean it's it sucks for me because i'm a
big giordano fan and then after getting to talk to and kind of meeting i'll say with quotations
blackwell big fan of him too so i i love both guys. Unfortunately, they're not my least favorite team now.
But I still think that you got to throw Dubas some respect.
And he went out and he had to get a defenseman.
I did think that they would try to do something in net.
Now, you knew that they were in discussion for Fleury.
That obviously we already discussed.
But, yeah, I mean, he did a good job.
I'm not going to say he went out and lit the world on fire.
He grabbed a good defenseman.
I'm sure that they probably
He won a Norris like three years ago.
If you want to say good, I don't
Wait, wait, wait.
I was playing in Russia three years ago.
Well, yeah, but I've lost total respect for your opinion on defensemen
when you already gave Kyle McCarr the Norris when, in fact,
Yossi has legitimately shoved it so far up your hoop,
no spit, no lube, sandpaper finish,
since you made those comments on our podcast.
I think he has 13 points in his last four games
after you handed Cael McCarr.
So your opinion on the back end, Witt?
Fuck you.
Hey, listen.
I can't deny the fact that Roman Yossi has caught absolute fire
and had this incredible season.
I still think Kael McCarr is going to win the Norse.
Right now, right now, I may be in the minority.
But even if it's a coin flip, I'll take it.
I should not have handed it over.
When I'm at fault and when I'm wrong, I can admit it.
Unlike you, I can admit the fact that I made a mistake.
But was it the argument that who moves the puck up ice better?
No, my argument was that McCarr won the Norris.
I was like, he's got the Norris already.
And then I think I did argue a bit about that, and that ended up,
I was incorrect on that one, considering Yossi enters the zone
more than most forwards with the puck.
But I'll say this.
I'll say this.
Giordano is still a great add, but if you're trying to say he's the same defenseman as the year he won the Norse,
you're a fucking idiot.
I wasn't saying that.
What do you mean?
You were just ranting and raving that he won a Norse three years ago.
He's not the same player.
He's one of the best conditioned guys.
His off-ice is impeccable.
The amount of time he spends in the gym and keeps his body in shape.
To even consider taking whatever numbers he had in Seattle
and moving them over to the Leafs, you can't.
It's like Sherratt.
Sherratt had some of the worst analytic numbers
of any defenseman in the NHL,
and people were laughing the trade offstage.
But Sherratt's not 39 years old.
I like the move, dude.
I'm saying I like the move.
I was originally the one saying, like, this is a good move for the Leafs.
I don't think age matters.
They had to do it.
If you watch 14 Peaks.
Age doesn't matter.
If you watch 14 Peaks on Netflix, Giordano was one of the guys that helped the guy get to the top of the 14 Peaks.
He was a Sherpa?
He was a Sherpa.
From Nepal.
Okay.
Well, Leafs, yeah, they went out and got a good player on the front and the back
end.
So I think it definitely makes them a better team than they were.
I think the worst thing...
But goaltending is...
For you to say that you're not worried about goaltending is just...
It's not true.
It's inaccurate.
And it's totally dishonest from a co-host's point of view.
No, I'm not because I've constantly said...
How?
I've constantly said on the podcast
I get nervous for teams who peak too early. I'm nervous
for Colorado right now. That's who I'm nervous for. They've
peaked far too early. I like when you have struggles
early on. You need to go through that adversity.
Yeah, I agree with you. That's why I like Boston.
Boston wasn't that good. Everybody was questioning
Boston early on. They're scary to me now.
You want to be a well-oiled machine?
The big, bad boys.
It's a good thing.
I agree with what you're saying.
Teams have blown their wad too early, and they didn't have enough of a refraction.
And if there's one guy who knows about blowing his wad early,
it's this guy sitting next to you on the couch.
We got no Roman.
Roman swipes.
Roman swipes.
Roman swipes.
Use them, boys.
That's what I heard.
What else did we have?
Who are we discussing?
The Leafs. Let's go back to the Leafs for another 40 minutes. Okay. Good else did we have? Who were we discussing? The Leafs.
Let's go back to the Leafs for another 40 minutes.
Okay, good job by Dubas.
Good job by Dubas.
Good job.
Before we move on from the Leafs, Biz, later this week,
we'll have some exciting news about the score bet launching in Ontario in April.
The score.
Biz, we're going to Canada.
Folks, I can't say much.
They have me keeping a lot of secrets here.
But soon, very soon, I'll be coming to Toronto, and it's going to be involving the score app okay that's all i can say maybe or
maybe not it involves gambling i don't know i don't know maybe or maybe not we'll be doing a
live watch of a game and we can even maybe go uh on the over with elio mr ice on i don't know
i don't know i'm not allowed to say too much, but if you follow our social channels,
Instagram, Twitter, Patreon,
what's the other fucking apps
that you can get?
TikTok.
TikTok, all of it.
Make sure if you're from Ontario,
follow closely,
and we can hang out,
and we can do some stuff
on the Score app.
Score bet.
Score bet app.
Score bet app.
Score bet app.
Thanks, G. Can't wait. I got some Canadian money tucked away from my last bet. Score bet app. Score bet app. Score bet app. Thanks, G.
Can't wait.
I got some Canadian money tucked away from my last trip. A couple loonies and toonies?
I got a few hundred bucks.
Yeah.
I usually got a bunch of dough and didn't spend anything
because I was in a hotel and on set all weekend.
So, ooh, did I say that?
That's the tricky part.
You know, there's a lot of rules involving everything moving forward,
so I got to be careful how I speak on it.
The score bet.
The score bet is all I'm going to say.
Pre-register.
Can't wait to get back to Canada.
Love it up there.
All right, moving right along.
Weeksy, he broke that trade, the Giordano one.
I think that was from his living room.
I think he was on the Staten Island Ferry for another one.
And this one was the best.
He was in his Baba show up there.
He's got the Baba sheet on. Getting lined up.
Getting all lined up.
And he breaks Hampus Lindholm to the bees.
This one was getting talked about for quite a few days.
Shout out to Weeks.
He's been outstanding covering the videos.
He was the MVP of the trade-off.
Yeah, he's gotten memed all over the place in a fun way.
It's like they're fun memes because he's been breaking shit left and right.
I like Danny Heatley.
What's his name on Twitter?
Not Danny Heatley.
All-star?
Not actually Danny Heatley. Big's his name on Twitter? All-Star? Not actually Danny
Heatley. Big Daddy, Big Heat.
He did from the Brasers room.
I mean, that one was, I mean,
I don't know how sick of a fuck you are
listening, but that was a good one. Not as sick
as him and some of his tweets.
Beating the wheels off yourself while watching
Weeks You Break trades. Either way,
Mike Broen's landed one of the most sought-after D-men on the
board. Again, Hampus Lindholm and a minor leaguer from Anaheim
for defenseman Erho Vakkanainen.
Defenseman John Moore, a first and 22, a second and 23, and a second and 24.
Anaheim's also retaining half of Lindholm's salary.
Vakkanainen's going to be our FA after this year.
He's a defenseman.
I think he kind of turned the corner a little bit with the Bs.
He showed some early promise.
He never really stuck.
But I think his ceiling probably was no higher than maybe a fourth defenseman. I think he kind of turned the corner a little bit with the Bs. He showed some early promise. He never really stuck.
But I think his ceiling probably was no higher than maybe a fourth defenseman there.
John Moore, he was a signing that Sweeney gave him a lot of dough.
He's been injured a lot.
Great guy, great teammate, but they've had him buried in the minors.
He's been like the eighth defenseman.
He probably wasn't going to see the big roster again.
So maybe he'll get a fresh start out there, able to play a little bit more.
And then I think they had to sweeten the pot a little with the picks you know to uh to you know to fucking be able to get to get him uh what's his name lindholm and then they immediately signed him uh to an
eight-year 52 million dollar extension biz worth 6.5 million dollars a year he's got a no trade no
move for the first five and then a modified no trade for the last three and the broins also
extended jake de brusque with a two-year eight million dollar deal today a lot of people speculating us included that it was going to
be like a sign-and-trade which you don't see too often I think you call it a sign-and-swap
yeah sign-and-swap sign-and-trade well either way it didn't happen he's still a Bruin maybe
he had a change of heart because he's been fucking frankly lighting it up for quite a while now so
uh let's go to Lindholm first as a former Ducks defenseman what let's go to you first oh what a
player he was and um all right geez calm down over there good job that was a nice little transfer
he creeped me out uh Lindholm Lindholm is one hell of a player he is and and you know what that was
the number one defensive um you know a player available on the market it was everyone wanted
him and then it kind of went Sherrod,
then it went Giordano, I think.
I don't necessarily, I'm not necessarily saying that's the correct order,
but I do believe that Lindholm was the one teams wanted most.
Now, the issue being, you're not going to give up as much as the Ducks wanted
for a rental.
So the Bruins were able, and I don't know if they were able to talk to his agent
prior to the deal being done, but they knew in a way that they could get him signed.
Got him signed for a good number, too, at 6.5.
That's a very reasonable price for a defenseman who can play 23, 24 minutes,
not overly physical, is good offensively, has a great stick defensively,
can play in all situations, and immediately changes up the Bruins lineup.
I love that move, and I love the signing.
Even if they just signed him in the offseason,
that would have been a big deal for Bruins fans and the team.
So that's great.
I really thought the Bruins would try to add something offensively as well.
I think right now having Eric Hall as your number two center,
I don't know if it will stay that way.
I mean, I know Charlie Coyle's line, I guess,
could be the second line with Craig Smith.
Craig Smith and Trent Frederick.
And Trent Frederick.
So maybe that's technically your second line,
but I thought the Bruins would go out. If they'd gone out and got a forward, With Craig Smith and Trent Frederick. And Trent Frederick. So maybe that's technically your second line.
But I thought the Bruins would go out.
If they'd gone out and got a forward, I think they were in discussions for Kopp.
I think they were in discussions for Raquel.
I think seeing Pittsburgh get Raquel and the Rangers getting Kopp really hurt them.
If they were able to get a forward, I would have said Don Sweeney won the deadline.
But when they didn't add anybody up front, it wasn't as impressive as I thought it could be.
But still, Lindholm is a big-time defenseman.
A true, I think, number two.
If he's playing with McAvoy, and then all of a sudden you've got Grizzly going with Carlo,
and then you can kind of slide down guys depth-wise, that's a big-time top four.
And the Bruins are winning games.
They're probably going to overtake the Leafs for third in that division.
And I love the move. So good move for the Ducks to also get in a young D-man
who could maybe reach a higher ceiling with Anaheim
if he's getting more playing time.
It seems like, you know, what's interesting in Boston
is they don't love Cassidy.
He is not a favorite of guys.
They do not enjoy players.
Yes, they do not like him.
So I was kind of surprised to hear that.
So who's the guy we had on from the Canes who was very vocal?
Oh, it was Bates Pataglia back in the day.
He shit all over.
Yeah, he did.
I forgot about that.
But, yeah, I guess Cassidy is tough on guys, you know,
giving people a lot of shit and can be really difficult to play for.
But with a leadership crew like they have there,
it really has not slowed the team down.
They're a little hot and cold as this team started, but they are on fire.
I don't know what the Bruins' record the last 20 is,
but it's got to be up there with any team in the league, I would say.
I don't know off the top of my head, but yeah,
they've been one of the hottest teams for the last month anyways.
From the outside looking in, I really respect the Bruins' culture.
Since I've joined
the podcast i you know and that has a lot to do with the leadership group as you mentioned i don't
know anything about cassidy um i just remember the bates battaglia interview where he was very hard
on where he coached him in the minors coached him in washington right or washington yeah um
why i like this move is you know you don't know how long Bergeron's going to keep playing.
Of course, with Marchand being towards, you know,
the back nine of his career, you're thinking towards the future.
And I've been adamant about this.
In no circumstance do you ever trade Swayman
because he's the goalie of the future, right?
So you got your goaltender.
Dude, you got to, like, honestly,
you got to be a legit journalist for one second here.
You said fucking trade Swayman, dude.
Stop it.
Stop it.
If you're going to call up my Makar and my Yossi, you're an idiot.
Stop it.
I said if Tuukka Rask is back to playing the way Tuukka Rask can play
and he's going to be here for a couple more years,
the way Tukeras can play,
and he's going to be here for a couple more years,
maybe, just maybe you consider him,
or trading him,
to add a couple pieces at the deadline to make the push now.
That wasn't the case.
So it completely null and voids my opinion at that point.
So now we're back to that's not the case.
Swayman's your guy,
and he's proved it in the back half of the season.
Now you've solidified your four defensemen.
You've got Carlo, you've got Grislik, you've got McAvoy,
and now you've got Lindholm for, what, the next eight years.
That's a pretty good fucking  that's a great top four.
Yeah.
So you base your whole team moving forward off your goaltender
and your top four defensemen.
Anybody can play five and
six they can go find those guys give them a million bucks here a million bucks there no worries
buffalo special you talk about the four that they needed to add well now they got the brusque
kicking kicking in the second half of the season here he's finally picked up steam in the back half
that was my concern and not maybe adding a forward but considering he's playing the way he's
playing now i think they're okay and they didn't really need to make a move for a guy up front
um and and interestingly go ahead sorry well and i i do have concern with holla as your second line
center but given the fact that it seems like they've now moved poster knock to the second line
and also hall i i mean i could play the fucking middle and that'd be a successful line.
And Coyle and Smith have a ton of chemistry together.
So now you have a good one, two, three punch.
The deal was probably not there to be had.
DeBrusque is playing the way he's playing.
I think the bees are in great shape.
And it was made clear right away when the DeBrusque extension was announced,
like he has
not rescinded his trade request.
So that's why I think when all the insiders came
out and said, no, no, no, this doesn't mean he's, like,
happy there. He still wants to
be gone. Everyone thought about the
trade and swap. I always
thought it was sign and, what is it, sign and trade?
Sign and trade. I like the sign and swap.
I like the sign and swap.
Put it on a shirt shirt but the way he's
played i really they couldn't afford to trade him but it is odd to see even his play improve and
maybe that is him and cassidy button heads i don't know but i was surprised because once the it came
out from all the people in the know that he still wanted to be traded i thought that meant he was
gone today so nothing worked out though i think we we've often said a lot that the Bruins window is closing.
I think this Lindholm trade changes the entire future of the Bruins
because, like Biz said, now you have four defensemen,
young defensemen locked up.
You have Hall.
You have Pasternak.
You have Marchand.
You have
When Bergeron's gone, it's
When Bergeron's gone, but you can add
they'll be able to add in the middle.
They'll have money.
So I just think the Bruins window isn't as close to closing
as we've said in the past.
They're always about sustaining competence and relevancy.
That's the way the Bruins...
Sometimes you're like,
I wish they would have pushed more chips in the middle
in order to go all the way.
But because of the culture and because of the way the team's set up,
they always have a chance to go to the finals.
How many years in the last 10 years have the Bruins not been relevant?
Have they missed playoffs in the last 10 years?
No.
I do think they
Yeah, they did.
When did they?
Yeah, they did one time.
In the last 10 years?
Yeah, it's why Claude Julien got fired.
Really?
Pull it up.
Pull it up in the meantime.
So from 2012?
Maybe once since then.
But they're never in rebuild mode.
No, you're right.
They're fixing on the fly.
They haven't had a bottom out.
So when you look at the deal they made for Lindholm,
it's like, oh my, now they get a very competent top four defenseman
locked in at six and a half.
Some people were parping out that that was maybe a little bit too high.
But with the way that the league is going and the fact that the salary cap is going to keep going up and up,
in three, four years, it's going to look like a steal.
In 2016 and 2015, the Bruins missed the playoffs.
They missed the playoffs two years in a row?
Yep.
Holy shit. How many times did they. They missed the playoffs two years in a row? Yep. Holy shit.
How many times did they miss it in the last 15 years?
Wow, what the hell happened those two years?
Before that, it was 2007, 2008.
So since 2004, they've only missed the playoffs four times.
Not bad.
Okay, I can't.
I would say Penguins are the only team better as far as making playoffs.
They haven't missed, right?
They haven't missed since Crosby came into the league.
Correct.
Wow.
Also, McAvoy, the game against the Wild this past week.
We haven't gotten to the TNT broadcast.
No, we're still on trade deadline, man.
Are we talking about other stuff besides the trade deadline this week?
No, we got that too.
We got a fat boy coming up for you.
We still have a lot of shit to get to uh one other move the Bruins made
uh they acquired defenseman Josh Brown from Ottawa in a conditional seventh for Zach Senechian who
was one of the Sweeney three from that draft uh a fifth and 22 if Senechian plays five games for
Ottawa it becomes a six so uh one other move there uh and then the Rangers uh our boy Avery he's
they got better.
That's not a microphone in his pants.
He's a little excited about the deadline.
They got much better.
Let's see.
They went out and added defenseman Justin Braun.
They sent the third and 23 back to Philly.
Forward Andrew Kopp from Winnipeg, as well as a sixth and 23.
Winnipeg got a pair of seconds, as well as prospect Morgan Barron.
And they picked up Tyler Mottott from vancouver sent the
fourth and 23 that way so so mott's the type of guy i would have liked to see like the leafs add
a little bit of salt and pepper to the bottom six right he's a fucking nail gun um i don't know
how much impact that game against carolina had in in them making more moves because they looked
pathetic i don't think they touched the puck in the third period against Carolina
the other night when they got outshot 40-15.
But given how the East has been moving and the plays that every team's been making,
they had to make or do something.
They ended up picking up Braun, who's a great  kind of like a Middleton,
a very good defensive defenseman.
He can move the puck.
He's competent
and then uh and and then uh cop he was probably one of the most sought after guys yeah not a very
strong cat pit uh swiss army knife you mentioned a guy that all of a sudden he could be playing
first line or could be playing third line and whatever the matchup may be the only issue with
cop this season is he has been dealing with injury so i don't know
what impact that has in coming into new york but new york has now entered themselves in the
conversation with their goaltending and with the other pieces they have as a legitimate contender
so i know all right let me ask you this the rangers right now would play the penguins in
the first round who you picking
i think it's a coin flip much i look at that series a lot of coin flips in the east i look
at that series is exactly the way i look at now st louis with the moves that they've made against
minnesota it is a straight just a war it is a straight coin flip but just as much as i would
say that i could see pitt see Pittsburgh actually making a run.
I picked Wild as my sleeper team in the West.
Some people would say, Biz, they're fucking third in win percentage.
That's not exactly a sleeper.
Well, I would have asked you two weeks ago who would you have picked in the West,
and you wouldn't have said Minnesota.
But they've addressed a lot of issues.
Pittsburgh, they seem very confident in their group.
Now they've added Raquel.
I think that Pittsburgh is a sleeper team with the goaltending edge obviously now going to New York.
I love the ad of Kopp.
I love the ad of Braun.
And who was the other name you mentioned, Mott?
Yeah, Mott.
Good penalty killer.
I remember the year in the bubble.
I think he scored a fucking zillion goals shorthanded.
That might be
the x-factor move that they made in order to surpass the penguins but how many years in a row
now the penguins lost out in the first round it's it's been it's been an ugly run for them it really
has been a struggle so this could be kind of I said it before when the recall trade was announced
it's kind of their last dance the tang and malcolm ufas you don't know what's going to happen there i think they both may resign you
just don't know and now it's like they went in they went out and got a really good forward that's
kind of what they needed and this is it this could be the last go-round for that core group who's
played what we said earlier in this year the more games together than anyone in the history of the
league letang malkin and and Crosby. Remember a few
weeks ago when we talked about that? Can they get
their fourth? We'll see. Yeah, we shall
see. Washington Capitals,
they added, well, former Washington Capitals,
Marcus Johansson. They picked him up from Seattle.
Cost him a little bit more than I
thought. Expected Johansson to go a far forward.
Daniel Sprong, a fourth and 22, and a
sixth and 23. Johansson,
a million and a half he's making.
He's unrestricted this year.
They also picked up Johan Larson from Arizona.
They sent a third and 23 the other way.
I believe that Larson move is because they lost Hagelin to the eye injury in practice.
I think he's going to be done for the year.
Apparently, he said it's very serious.
I pissed a lot of Capitals fans off by saying I think they're the only dead weight in the East that's going to make it.
The eight in the east are set i don't think that washington is a threat at
all the other seven teams i could all consider contenders every single one there is no guarantee
coming out of the east other than the fact that washington will not move past the first round
i know their fans are pissed that i've said that i just they didn't
address any type of goaltending i think they're a little bit soft i think that they're back to the
the days of where they're very one-dimensional backstrom is not the same player that he used to
be he's been dealing with his injuries washington is not a threat in the east am i am i wrong here
uh they're gonna get a wild card mind the way they're not scaring anybody right now put it that Washington is not a threat in the East. Am I wrong here?
They're going to get a wild card mind the way.
They're not scaring anybody right now.
Put it that way.
I mean, right now it would be the Panthers playing the Capitals,
and the Panthers would be probably minus 185.
Easily.
Maybe minus 200.
So I'm in agreement there. Now, if Vanacek catches fire, if they can get some sick, sick goaltending,
you never know.
But I'm with you, Biz.
Them and Toronto are the only two that really can't do anything.
Let's see.
Colorado picked up a few more pieces.
We talked about Manson late last week.
I think Colorado's AHL team could make a run at this point.
That's how many guys they've picked up.
They added Arturi Lekkanen. They picked him up from Montreal. He's going to be a run at this point. That's how many guys they've picked up. They added Arturi Lekanen.
They picked him up from Montreal.
He's going to be an RFA this year.
Colorado, I'm sorry, Montreal is retaining 50 of that.
Colorado sent the other way prospect Justin Barron,
highly titled prospect, in a second in 24.
So they paid a little bit of a price there.
They also picked up Andrew Cogliano from San Jose.
They sent a fifth in 24 back to San Jose.
And, Biz, you mentioned the Tyson-Jose trade earlier.
They had traded Tyson-Jose to Minnesota.
In return, they got back Nico Sturm as well.
So, Lekkonen, earlier I said, who?
That's a great trade.
I was like, who?
He is a puck hound, and he's been the one bright spot
in that Montreal lineup all season long.
A very, very under-the-radar type of trade for Colorado
just adds to the fact that if they had any underlying issues
as maybe a weakness, they don't have it now.
They are a juggernaut.
They are Goliath, and they're going in as probably the biggest favorite
to win a Stanley Cup in the last 20 years.
I would say no.
I would say they're tied with another team,
Tampa Bay in 2018-19, who lost in the first round.
That's a little scary, but remember,
they broke the record, didn't they, for most points?
They were right up there.
So I know what you're saying.
This Avs team's an absolute wagon, but so was Tampa that first year.
I do not think Colorado's losing in the first round,
but I'm just reminding you, when you think it's going to be easy,
it never really is.
And there is a chance that Colorado Avalanche could play the Vegas Golden Knights
in the first round.
So having said all of that, I love the moves they made.
They went all in.
They have to at this point.
They got one more year, I think, of McKinnon making this short dough, right?
And then the monster deal hit in.
But Lekkonen is a guy that you want in the playoffs.
And also, just quickly, I wanted to shout out Seattle
because what a great job they did in getting about 400 draft picks.
They got a bunch of guys.
They knew they could trade at the deadline.
They've had a tough year, but they are going to be set up
if they draft well over the next two years.
Lekkonen going to Colorado, just what they needed.
Puckhound, I love how you describe him.
That's so true.
In your face, annoying to play against, playoff-type player.
But then Montreal goes out.
That Justin Barron's a first-round pick.
He can play. That's a nice
deal for Montreal. Montreal did a good job
in terms of, who knows if Lekkonen's going to be a...
Is Lekkonen an RFA? Yes.
So, man, they would have had to pay him some dough.
But Colorado now,
to go out and then even get Cogliano,
who can play on that fourth line. He can play up and down
the lineup a little bit, but play on the fourth line. He's speedy.
He can PK. They have all the
pieces you needed. And I'll say
this. I was incorrect about giving
Norris to Makar. He's still going
to be right there, and he still could win it.
But him with Devon Taves, that is
the best D pair in the league. That I can agree with.
That is the best D pair in the league.
So you got them two going, and then
after that, it's just a team that
keeps coming at you in waves. So a great
job by joe
sackick and the entire weeks leading up to the deadline we knew colorado was going to be in the
hunt for everyone and they probably would have got claude geroux had he not said i won't go there
seattle with uh nine picks in the first two rounds coming up in the next two body so yeah
and then if they can struggle a little next year i I know that sounds crazy, but then all of a sudden you're getting Bedard or you're getting the Russian, what's his name?
Mishin.
The 16-year-old from Russia.
He's unbelievable.
I think that's a good one, R.A.,
because if they struggle again and get the first overall pick,
I know that's a far ways off, but to have that many picks is a big deal.
How about Montreal going from cup final to rebuild? But we said it said it we said it before the year yeah i mean use it was use that's
his guy's name ken hughes and he said they were they were gonna keep leckoning up to about two
o'clock i think and then finally i think they got an offer where they're getting a first round pick
defenseman we're gonna we're gonna trade them yeah um i don't know how how much uh stock you
guys put into twitter but a lot apparently a lot of people were saying I put a ton of stock into it.
Literally nobody in the world puts as much stock into it as you.
That's right, Paul.
We're just teasing.
Go ahead, Paul.
No, I fucking love it.
A lot of GMs saying, oh, now the salary cap matters.
That was their rebuttal to Ken Hughes because he went from agent now to general manager.
When you're playing both sides, guys,
sometimes you can come back to biting the ass.
But you're doing your job either way, right?
You're trying to get your guy as much dough as you can.
Yeah, you're being a scumbag either way.
All right, moving right along here.
The St. Louis Blues, they were pretty quiet up until today.
They added defenseman Nick Letty and Luke Witkowski from Detroit.
Letty's going to be UFA this summer.
They sent Oscar Sundquist the other way along with Jake Wallman
in the third and 23 to the Red Wings.
Stevie White loading up on some stuff.
But St. Louis, we talked to Cam Jansen,
and we're going to bring him on in a little bit as well.
But I don't know.
I don't think they needed to take it too much.
They're not too far removed from that couple in a team biz.
But, you know, Nick Letty, not a bad addition at all.
Veteran defenseman.
He's got the battle hot minutes, can move the puck
to a little bit of everything out there.
So Doug Armstrong is convinced this is a Stanley Cup winning team.
We actually have Cam Jansen coming on next,
and he was adamant about the fact that the one missing piece they have
was a left-handed defenseman, and they got it.
Nick Letty.
So let's see how they're able to roll.
It's a coin toss between who's going to start playoff time
between Huso and Binnington, if Binnington can kind of find his game
or at least get back to where he was when they ended up making that run.
But, yeah, no, it was a solid move.
Great move for Detroit.
I think that Iserman is so far ahead of the game in a sense of knowing
what teams are going to end up needing close to the deadline
where he has just been stocking up.
And the fact that they ended up getting Sundquist,
one of the guys that Jansen ends up mentioning who was very, very vital
in that Stanley Cup winning performance as one of the guys
who was just running around killing guys for San Jose to get out that series when they when they ended up going on to win the
Cup so credit credit to both squads here and and Doug Armstrong he's playing with the house's money
if they're able to make another run with this core group with the St. Louis Blues
you know it's just a credit to him but as far as Detroit's concerned, they are just cocked and loaded for another 20 years of playoff runs.
Yeah, as you mentioned, Cam Jansen,
so I suppose we should send it over to him and get his take on the Blues.
It's good stuff.
So I do want to let you know that the interview was brought to you by Shopify.
Shopify gives entrepreneurs the resources once reserved for big businesses.
So upstarts, startups, and established businesses alike can sell everywhere.
Synchronize online and in-person sales and effortlessly stay informed.
Scaling your business is a journey of endless possibility.
Reach customers online and across social networks with an ever-growing suite of channel integrations and apps,
including Facebook, Instagram, TikTok, Pinterest, and more.
Synchronize your online and in-person sales.
Gain insights as you grow with detailed reporting of conversion rates,
profit margins, and beyond.
More than a store, Shopify grows with you.
This is possibility powered by Shopify.
Go to Shopify.com slash checklets, all lowercase,
for a free 14-day trial and get full access to Shopify's entire suite of
features. Grow your business with Shopify today. Go to shopify.com slash checklets right now.
Once more, that's shopify.com slash checklets. And now enjoy Cam Jansen.
All right, this is our next guest, third appearance on the show, making him a member of the Three Timers Club.
The former New Jersey Devil and St. Louis Blue can be heard on Hot Take Central
on 590 The Fan in St. Louis and on the terrific Cam and Strick podcast
with our pal Andy Strickland as well.
Welcome back to the Spitting Chicklets podcast.
Cam Jansen, what is up, my friend?
What's up, boys? What's going on?
You guys are lounging. Oh, yeah. Well, compared to you, if you're listening on this and you can't
see it on YouTube, he's got five candles going. He's got the red wine. He's got the white hoodie.
You look phenomenal, buddy. What's going on? My wife set this up for me. We needed to make it.
I know. I know. I'm a fucking nerd. It is what it is. We're actually doing a spit and
Chicklets book club today, guys. guys special episode it's an erotic episode
with the candles and wine going hey how's that back doing biz you all
right there buddy yeah for those of you seeing this on youtube i'm not being a
hard-o all lounged out uh l5s1 washing my toes and
that's probably the it's just a chain reaction you know you got the bad ankles
and then the bad knees and then it just works its way up and and uh yeah i threw that out so i'll be on the ir for probably about a month here what are you still
like ufc fighting and stuff dude you look pretty shredded no no no i don't do anything man to be
honest with you we i have to get up at four o'clock in the morning to do a 7 a.m radio show
so i'm just i all i do all day honest honestly, is look shit up online and try to, like, gain knowledge on everything that goes on
because you kind of have to talk about it.
And, you know, some shit I'm, like, kind of uncomfortable talking about.
So I barely work out.
Kate and I chill out here.
We golf here and there.
The weather's been shit.
But, no, I'm a pussy, to be honest with you.
Wait, so, all right, so it's the shows Monday through Friday, 7 a.m.,
or is it three days a week?
What's the schedule?
No, it's every damn day, 7 to 10.
Oh, my God.
You're up at 4?
What are you taking, an hour and a half to get dressed?
No, no.
I live 40 minutes outside, dude, so I live  I got to get up.
I got to get my groove on.
I host it, so I got to know my shit, and, like, I got to look up whatever.
So, yeah, you have a producer that will give you notes, but I don't know,
man. Like I gotta, I kind of want to produce my own shit.
So I have to get up and get the paper, chill out, get organized.
I'm usually hung over. So I got to get that shit going.
I got to rehydrate.
Are you in Eureka still?
No, I'm in the wealthy part of Franklin County, Missouri.
Oh, not a big deal.
Yeah, it's a subdivision.
Kate and I moved out here a year ago on a golf course,
so we're kind of fancy lads now, but I was blue-collar for a long time.
Okay, I remember you saying.
Not anymore.
It kind of looks like the gauze of Missouri.
It is, actually.
Like your own golf cart.
I see you, like, posting on instagram about the deer in
your backyard and shit yeah there's coyotes too and they kind of like want to kill my animals
that i have and i don't like it that much and i'll put those fucking things down and push them
to show and my wife and kate you gotta give me i'm sweating my ass off by the way those guys
if they come up with your candles i'll kill all of them. I'll kill my fireplace.
You got to give me.
I'll take the garbage bag off for fuck's sake.
A hoodie.
Andy made me wear this by the way.
It's like you've got to support the podcast.
I'm like, oh, fuck.
I don't have any cool shit.
So I had to put this thing on.
It's 80 degrees in here.
You ride the bike in the sauna doing the checklist episode with her.
Hairline looks great
though no it doesn't don't lie to me listen maybe the front part's okay but the back part
if i looked over there's a big cul-de-sac that's why i'm a little having a gila going on up there
the blues want nothing to do with me because of my cul-de-sac
the bald yarmulke no monkey monkey bum up front, though. The front looks great, buddy.
Believe me, I'm not thinking it through.
It's hard.
Biz gives me shit, too.
He's a dickhead about it.
What do you got?
Take your head off.
Can I evaluate?
No, you're good.
I got a big forehead.
It's okay, though.
But Biz is the bully.
Don't listen to him.
He brought up yours right away.
Isn't that funny?
The people with good hair, the thick hair club,
they know how to pounce and belittle you we're all in
a club together let the bullies be bullies it's all good actually well uh jay we have so much to
catch up with you i want to talk about the blues who've been on a little bit of a skid um you're
watching this team regularly and and doug armstrong's made it pretty clear he thinks this
team can win another cup this season but what's been going on these past 10 games?
I think Biz just told me they've lost seven of their last nine,
struggling a little bit here.
Yeah, no, I think that that was  look, they're a forward group.
They're fantastic.
They got the three lines.
They can score in different ways all throughout the game.
David Prawn's on a heater right now, by the way.
Great guy.
Awesome guy.
A little mature when he was young.
He was my roommate for a while.
His kids should be playing on the team.
Do you see his kid the other day?
How cool is that?
Was he out together on the ice with him?
He's playing like a tennis game between periods, just dominating people.
Dominating everybody.
He must be shoving needles in his ass or something.
Sticking his ass out like, you know, reverse hitting kids and scoring.
And David's actually, Perry's out there watching, which is really cool.
But anyway, he's playing great great i'll tell you this they have a glaring hole on the back end and i
think everybody kind of realizes that what what can army do in the next however long now i don't
know you know florida's eating up all the scraps you got trades going going on left and right but
i think the blues are confident that they can make them they could do something in the playoffs
because they are they got a lot of guys on the team that they can make them. They could do something in the playoffs because they are,
they got a lot of guys on the team that they've won, you know,
like Ryan O'Reilly is one.
You got a lot of the core group of one. And that says a lot by the way,
but I know they're, they're looking for a,
a certainly a big defenseman on that decor that could fill that top four role.
That's a lefty. That might be tough.
That might hit guys
and it's like hard to find those kind of guys are kind of out of the picture right now so i don't
know what they're going to do but they're loaded up front and if they could figure out that back
in a little bit they could do some damage in the playoffs unless they face colorado of course so if
i could just rewind a little bit do you think it was a big mistake in letting petro go now that
you're seeing these glaring holes no no no i don't
think so i think that was a he's sorry for asking well i'll tell you i'm just telling you because
that was a that was kind of a sensitive subject for a while and we all love petro and he's great
but i do think that they offered him a lot of money like i don't think he wanted to be here
anymore i think that he's he wanted to try new things and go somewhere else,
and that's completely fine.
And they kind of filled the gap with Torrey Krug, who's a great guy,
by the way, and he's not Petro, and we all understand that.
But, no, that was a tough one.
And, look, Petro could have made the decision to stay here,
and he'd have his statue in front and all that stuff.
But, look, it is what it is.
We all like Petro.
He was a young kid when I came in.
I remember, actually, when Petro walked in the locker room,
me and Danny Highnote and Jay McKee were sitting right there,
like, ah, hang on.
And he walks in like, hi, everyone.
I'm Petro.
We're like, whoa.
Here's the first-round pick.
And he goes out there and he has to puck the whole damn time.
And you're like, this kid's going to be pretty good.
And, of course, he's doing his thing in Vegas right now.
But, look, they had to do what they had
to do with them the blues are still in a pretty good spot they're missing a uh a top four left
defenseman tough to get but they're again they could do some damage in the playoffs when we when
we repeat that by the way that was long-winded when we repeat that oh no i love it oh you're
crushing it we're just chilling here you got 15 candles you don't have to repeat anything we know
we know the memory card's not very big anymore, buddy.
Doing all that studying beforehand.
Yeah, when you're studying at 4 a.m. every day,
God knows what your brain's like Sunday night at 6 o'clock with us.
I know.
It's Sunday night at 6 o'clock.
Give me a break.
Hey, she's got a fan going on me right now, too.
I'm pathetic.
What's wrong with me?
I'm leaking, too.
Don't worry.
It's like you start your hockey career.
You had like a terabyte,
and you got all the gigs beat the fucking out of you.
All those punches you took, you got like a one gig memory card now.
I know.
You got to do what you can with it, you know?
Hey, so you mentioned Perron, who actually,
I don't know when this interview is going to air,
but right now he's got a six-game goal streak going.
He scored a hat trick Saturday night I was watching,
and you just kind of mentioned he was a little trick uh saturday night i was watching and you just kind
of mentioned he was a little immature when he was younger right he's just kind of maybe a little
cocky and he's grown up a lot is that kind of what you've seen being around him for this long
i always love for why they put perry and i as roommates when we're i was like 23 24 when i
got traded to blues he was 19 and he was cocky he'd walk in and Keith to Chuck would give him so much shit and all the
other guys would be like okay Perry tone it down he'd be the guy in practice and we love him now
and he runs a show here and everybody he's the coolest guy in the world but when he was 19 years
old in practice he'd have the puck the whole time right and some of the drills when you know you're
like okay enough's enough we've been playing we're the road. And he'd have the puck the whole time and kind of make you look like a fool.
And the older guys would give him shit. And he would just he kind of went from he played triple A, I think,
and then went to juniors and also went from there to there. Now he's 18, 19 years old.
He's a first rounder and, you know know he's playing in the NHL he didn't
know how to handle it at the beginning and uh and as the years go on of course he certainly
matures he kind of bounced around a little bit but at the beginning oh it's funny like Keith
Kachuk wanted to hurt him a couple times in practice he embarrassed me one time by the way
I think I was sitting games out Rick Wamsley was the the assistant coach who would
you know bag you right and walmer was a smart ass and he knows it too so he put perry against me on
one in like one-on-one in front of the net and i sit out four games wrong like oh god and he would
toe drag me and do this and and 10 and 2 it around me and go top shelf and smicker and i remember
walmer being like, no wonder
you're sitting out, Cam. I'm like, I wouldn't have killed
both of them at the time, but that's what
Perry would do. He made you better.
He figured it out, and now he's an absolute superstar.
Perry was
like the dog
owner pretending to throw the ball, and you were the
dog just turning around.
He fucking owned me.
He's really good in a phone booth.
Like, yeah, his hands are strong.
He's strong, man.
And for those of you who are listening, Perry is Perron in St.
Louis.
I'm sure there's a few people confused because they think we're talking about Corey Perry.
I just want to set that straight.
All right.
What's up, buddy?
Cam, I want to ask you,
Billy Huso has been absolutely terrific for the Blues this year.
Does he get the game one start, assuming they get to the playoffs?
Well, right now he would.
Absolutely.
And look, Benner, great guy, by the way.
Real cool.
Great with the fans.
All that stuff.
I always got to throw that out there because he truly, truly is.
He's going through a tough time right now.
But, man, he figured it out. Like he knows it's hard to,
to look at a bit better, which has been,
he's been kind of digressing throughout the years.
You can look at the COVID situation as a goalie.
It's kind of fucked up to try to like be on your game.
Like you got to get that, but he's kind of digressed.
And you had this Philly Huso who was like ahead of him in the,
in the depth charts
whenever Benner took over.
Huso was hurt.
They had put Benner in during that 2019 run, and he figured it out.
But if you have a goalie, and I don't care if he's put years together
of dominating, he won you a Stanley Cup in the weirdest circumstances possible.
I remember the first game in Winnipeg.
So, you know, Bender's been in the minors the whole year.
He goes on this hell of a run in 2019.
He gets to Winnipeg.
Somebody digged up tweets about it.
Remember that?
Yeah.
So his most hardcore situation ever in his life with hockey,
he wakes up that game day and he looks at his phone
and everybody's bashing him.
He's like, what the fuck?
So he had to go meet with Berube, had to meet with Doug Armstrong during game day
and still figured it out, still found a way to collectively get his thoughts together
and go on another hardcore Stanley Cup run.
Like there's little things that he did mentally that you look like,
I still believe in you.
Like who's getting the job done now?
But if push comes to shove and you need to put
bender in there he can go in that psycho mode that he's been already and i i just put faith in him i
think a lot of people do too but again he's got to prove himself in some of these games because
he's letting a lot of goals in i i think if i think if it was uh playoffs tomorrow like you
said huso gets a start and they lose game one. It might be like a Grubauer situation when,
when Holpe ended up taking over in Washington where he seemed to be the
starter. Now going back to earlier in the season,
I think that Bennington had a good start to the year.
Do you think that the, the what's the term I should use?
Oh yeah. Let me, let me tell you what it would be like the charade with,
with, I know, I forget what team it was first,
but then it was with Colorado and C and cadre where he was like trying to fight guys he was
like swinging a stick do you think like maybe that became a bit of a distraction oh yeah you
think that the team ended up talking to him and maybe slowed a bit of his mojo yeah man i remember
that remember he kind of went kind of weird a couple times where you swing your stick at guys
and look i love that shit but i like it That's always who he's been, kind of.
Yeah.
Dude, he fought in juniors.
He fought in juniors, or maybe it was in minors.
Well, he'd go meet somebody at Center Ice and go,
like, he's got that fuck you in him, which we all love.
But on the other hand, if you're going to swing your stick at a guy,
like, I even think, like, they want you to stop pucks.
Like, get in there and stop puck you
could chirp he chirped cory perry one time which kind of was kind of cool but if you're gonna swing
your paddle at a dude you know he's pretty he's pretty skinny like he's probably gonna get his
ass kicked if somebody really grabs a hold of him like if somebody i mean biz if somebody's gonna
swing a paddle at you like that's a green light to beat up a goalie like okay you're gonna do that
so i'm sure i'm not going to speak for them,
but the hierarchy of the organization is probably like, Hey, you know,
chill on that. We love it, but chill on it.
Just go in there and do your thing. You want to trip a little bit.
Don't invite trouble because you might catch a guy that might catch it with
one. And then where are you at? You know, like, Oh, Rick DiPietro.
Remember that one time? Oh, Brent Johnson.
Well, what's, what's. What's tough, too, is
he's in the first year
of a six-year deal for 36 million.
Who sows UFA?
It's kind of almost a tricky
situation because they've got to figure out
what they're going to do. Maybe it's also
that first year, the big deal, the pressure
a little bit. Because things change when you start
making the huge dough. I know he was making
good money in the two-year deal he had had, but this is a different contract to try to live up to so
maybe that's kind of been a part of it yeah you know when you make that money like the season's
a grind you're like oh god it's just like over and over it is what it is you're still playing
in a show like i don't want guys chirping but it just like when you're a star man like sometimes
you just like you're like okay what that like come like sometimes you're just like, you're like, okay, what, like, come on playoffs.
We're in a good spot.
Like let's get through these dog days.
Let's get to the playoffs where it's meaningful.
So it kind of plays, your mind plays tricks on you.
But again, he's not doing well.
Huso's okay.
Been great.
The past couple of games,
the whole team's kind of been funky with like their D zone and shit,
letting, turning pucks over this, that, and the other.
So they're getting exposed.
But right now, if you want to put the tandem,
who's so in Benner, and you're in a good spot going into the playoffs,
you get your mind right, it's a different animal.
Yeah, at least you have two, like Biz said.
No shit.
Vladimir Tarasenko, he requested a trade several months back.
He's been having an outstanding year, 54 points in 55 games.
I can't imagine they're going to trade him at this point.
Can they?
Can they, Cam?
I mean, no, no.
That was a weird thing.
It was blowing up because Vlad, he didn't play it well.
He didn't play it well, right?
Like, he was in a weird spot with no leverage.
He didn't play for two, three years.
He's a superstar leading up to that.
He's got a good contract, Stanley Cup winner.
Then you don't do much for a couple years
because you're getting your same injury over and over again.
You had no leverage for the first time in your career, right?
And I think his agent kind of just kind of was, you know how they are, dude.
Those agents, sometimes they put you in a jam.
And I think it just was a little too loud
blaming people this set and the other and everybody's like he's never gonna be able to
go in that locker room and show his fate i'm like let's settle down you walk in there you
think ryan o'reilly and david pratt are like well you've i can't deal with this so let's ignore them
no no they're like this is fucking business come in here do your damn thing we're all buddies you've
been here longer than all of us so come in here and do your thing we're all buddies you've been here longer than all
of us so come in here and do your shit your agent was a little too loud no one gives a fuck anymore
just go play was it was it him or his agent who was vocal about the fact that he thought he maybe
should have got the c was in and is that even no that was flatty that was in a russian paper
maybe he look like maybe he's
like fuck maybe i did think i was going to see i don't give a shit about that like but people
thought that he was going to be able to go back in that locker i'm like no one gives a shit come
in here and fucking do your shit it's a business no one gives a fuck let's go now he's sniping
like that's all you care about just don't bitch. Don't be loud. Don't be a distraction
and go do your fucking work.
Why does it even get leaked, whether it's the
agent or the team? It torpedoes
everybody. No, it's Vladdy who came out
and said it in the media. I think
it was Russian. I thought it was in a
Russian news source. He probably didn't think it was
going to get back to North America. He's like,
the internet's not working in Russia this week, so
I'll do the interview now.
I know. He just probably thought, he's like, the Internet's not working in Russia this week, so I'll do the interview now.
I know.
He just probably thought he's like, well, they asked me.
He's probably like, yeah, maybe I did think I was going to be captain.
Oh, glad he thought he was going to be captain.
Whatever.
Yeah, exactly.
Oh, yeah. That way.
So we were out in Vegas for the All-Star game.
We got to run into Cairo one night, I think, at the Aria.
It was actually the night before the skills competition.
Oh, yeah.
He talked about how bad he wanted to win, maybe fast to skate or take the boys out but he ended
up getting that done he's had this ridiculous season and watching him play night in and night
out you must you must be pretty impressed in terms of what the future holds for him dude he's he's
flashy man like he comes in he could cut across like he he'll go 100 miles like wit as a d-man
like you know those kids they'll come 100 miles like wit as a d-man like you know those
kids they'll come 100 miles an hour directly at you and you're like okay which way you going and
he's gonna fake one way and his side step like he just can get around you because he could take one
stride and now you're like your hips are opening up my ankle snaps in half your ankle snaps you
pull your fucking grind and like that's what he's doing now you know he he
he needs to get back like the d zone he can clean up a little bit if you want me to nitpick but the
dude's a superstar yeah he's fast as shit like was he faster than mcdavid though hey he legit
the night what are we doing with that the night before we were like hey are you gonna go grab a
couple pops he goes no i'm not drinking I'm going to win fastest skater tomorrow.
I'm going to take the 35K bonus that I'm going to win for it,
and I'm going to treat the boys at Hakkasan, and he did exactly that.
No shit.
Did he not say that?
Yeah, he called.
He had all the shot.
Yeah, he had all of his buddies there, his entourage.
Would you have bet that he was going to beat McDavid in there?
No.
No.
No.
But, I mean, I haven't seen how fast he was.
Did McDavid even do it?
Did McDavid try on that?
I don't know.
I mean, I watch Cairo, though.
Like, there are times watching the games, I'm like, holy shit.
His first three steps.
Yeah, exactly.
His first three steps.
That's what it is.
See you later.
Whether he's carrying the puck or back checking, it's a sight to be seen.
Yeah, he's good.
I was going to go back to the back end so you said holes like i thought that they addressed that when they didn't sign petro it seems like they were able to add uh uh uh falk
krug and then pareko ended up getting paid so between the three of them like is is there maybe
a weakness i know pareko, especially during the COVID situation
when he'd originally got his deal.
Who would you say is maybe the weak link of the three right now?
Well, none of them.
They're all three good.
Look at their numbers.
Like, even Kruger and Falk together, they're like plus 40, you know?
Like, how do you  but I just think you need more.
You just need more.
Yeah, yeah.
You need more.
Like, okay, so you got those two.
So who's the lefty with Pareko?
Well, I thought that they had that big kid who came.
Perunovic.
Is he hurt?
Yes.
Perunovic got hurt.
Oh, that sucks.
Weird circumstance too, Whit.
Like, he's just like  he didn't fucking play.
And then COVID happened.
And then something happened.
And all of a sudden, he didn't play.
And all of a sudden, his wrist fucking  he needs wrist surgery.
Like, what?
Oh, is that what?
Yeah, because so he started the year in the minor.
Probably tugging it off.
Oh, well, we've all been there.
Yeah, exactly.
COVID just made him hammer his horn to injury.
Hey, so he started the year in the minors.
He was ripping it over a point per game.
Came, then he's playing real well for the Blues,
and that was the original thing that he got the COVID,
had to miss and never really came back from that. Yes, and then he was practicing. I guess he got banged up, and that's the original thing that he got the COVID, had to miss, and never really came back from that.
Yes, and then he was practicing.
I guess he got banged up, and that's kind of happened
a couple times.
But, so, no, Nico Mikula, who is a big 6'6",
he's actually pretty damn good, but he's not a top four, man.
Like, I don't know.
Like, he could be a five, but he's not the four. four and if you're gonna be a shit kicker going into this these playoffs against colorado and
these bad boy teams like you need you need another guy to compliment pareko where do you find him i
don't know like they're getting today today's today giordano went to the to the uh leafs and
that's a guy that i'm sure Doug Armstrong was making some calls about
in terms of shoring up that top four with a lefty.
That's a good point.
Well, they might want, like, this Jake Nabors kid who's really good,
who's going to be, like, the future captain.
And he kind of was in that  he played nine games, you know,
the 10-game span where you've got to evaluate,
which is always like when you're an 18-year-old you're playing like seven eight nine like you just i remember stefan mott
toe i played with him in in jersey and he was going through that process too which i think
kind of hindered him a little bit when you know his progression but as an 18 year old you're just
like kind of trying out and they're giving you a shot. Like it's pretty good. The kid lived up to it.
And they're like, we don't need you now.
So like, do you get rid of him for one of these kids
or for one of these defensemen this year?
I don't know.
Doug Armstrong, but you just never know with him, man.
He's always up to something.
Well, right.
Because I mean, I think it was his comments.
He thought that they had a Stanley Cup winning team.
Now that's obvious from everybody else point of view, if end up adding another defenseman because you're happy with the forward
group so right now when we're interviewing we're about 20 hours from the trade deadline
is there any other defenseman name that's coming up of guys who have not gone because you talked
about giordano you talked about uh charotte who was a big name. Lynn Holmes gone. Who is it? Chikorin, who's hurt.
So Chikorin's hurt.
So, but you know what?
Like, I like that Hampus Limholm too.
Like, he hits too, man.
Boston, they're not messing around either.
But I would say, you know what?
This isn't maybe like a, he's not a, you can look.
I get fucking Sherratt.
What's he doing?
Is he hurt?
Is he all right? No. Yeah. What are you doing? Yeah. He's playing a  I get fucking sure. What's he doing? Is he hurt? Is he all right?
No, yeah.
What is he doing?
He's playing for the Islanders.
Yeah, he's playing right now.
People have brought his name up.
I think it's one of those, like, totally up to him, you know,
where he may be like, I am good.
I know, but
That's not a bad call because he can still give you 17 minutes.
He's a beast.
You want to win?
You want to try to win?
Like, what do you
For a ninth rounder.
Exactly. Give him that you ninth rounder what exactly
give him that 10th rounder for penalty kill like whatever like i don't know just if he's in your
lineup like if i look at that that blues team if you have a chara becker like like he's just
gonna amplify everybody's confidence i don't know man you know those kind of dudes man in the locker
room they're just like they. They're just there.
You're like, fuck, I feel bigger on the ice.
I feel more confident on the ice because this freak is backing me.
I don't know.
That's usually what people said about you.
Yeah.
This freak's barking at people.
Until I couldn't get the puck out of the goddamn zone.
They got pissed because they're minus two.
Until Perron had you in a pretzel in front of the net in practice.
Toe dragging me.
Rick Wamsley almost fought him in practice.
He knows.
I was  so we've pretty much covered the goaltending in the back end,
unless there's anything else you want to touch on as far as defense
are concerned, but you've already thrown them under the bus.
Ryan O'Reilly, maybe not producing offensively to the level he was,
but they do have other guys who have stepped up offensively.
Is there anything maybe missing from him?
His game right now?
Is he maybe losing a step?
I love him by the way.
I love him.
Great.
Just great human being.
Part of everyone.
No,
but no,
no,
no,
no,
I don't actually.
No,
I don't seriously,
but he,
he's just a good dude,
man.
Like he's perfect.
He's not playing great,
man.
I didn't notice him. I haven't noticed. Wow. Like, look at the stats. Like he's just a good dude, man. He's not playing great, man. I didn't notice him.
I haven't noticed him.
Wow.
Like, look at his stats.
He's like, no shots on goal, no this, no that.
I haven't noticed him at all.
I've noticed that Torbchenko kid, who's 6'3", Russian kid, 220.
He goes 100 miles an hour in the zone and hits guys,
and actually he's skilled, and he'll reverse hit you
and hold on the puck and throw it to the
you're like, oh, this kid's, like,
doing things.
I notice you.
Ryan O'Reilly I haven't noticed in a while.
Dude, but look, when you're playing that many minutes,
and you're even, like, taking faceoffs all the goddamn time,
it just wears you out.
You're just worn out.
You're worn out.
And this is the grind.
You know he's going to pick back up when shit comes down.
He's just a warrior.
So I'm giving him the benefit of the doubt. i'm not gonna lie to you i didn't fucking notice
him basketball games uh barbachev to a breakout season and and some guy i think he's got 19 goals
right now he's over 40 points and and somebody who you notice because he's kind of a tank as well
and i i think that a lot of people maybe didn't know about him or at least that this was the
the level he could play at going into this season, right?
Dude, he crushes guys.
Yeah, he's huge.
Like open ice hits.
Like he's a dude.
He goes 100 miles an hour.
He's got a little scoring touch.
You can place.
You can spot him wherever the fuck you want to.
He'll block shots on a PK.
He's a motor.
He's like Oscar.
Him and Oscar Sundquist were a huge part of the 2019 championship game
or team that just hurt like Eric Carlson and shit.
Those two fucking guys hurt so many guys from San Jose that year.
In like game four and game five, they smashed them.
They were hitting them every single shift.
Big part of winning.
I like Barbie, man.
And, you know, Barbie's going through some shit too by the way you know all the russian guys are kind of yeah yeah they are they're
taking a lot of shit and everyone's like oh they have nothing to do with anything i don't know if
this ended up coming out but i guess all of them from the league all the russian players were on
a text thread and they wanted to come out with a statement but i guess they couldn't agree on what the statement was going to be it's sketchy because yeah and like obviously olvie taking
a lot of probably doesn't help that he's got his instagram for all right well what do you do with
that though like i'm looking at that but if you take it away or well what do you do though where
is this his family's over there so it's like get your fucking family so you can get them over here
secure everything if you can and And then maybe, but like,
we just don't know
what
fingers are on
something over there. You think
Obi's powerful? He is
in a way, but he's not
compared to the big, big boys over there.
Like, he's still a, it's like a puppet
still. Like, I'm telling you, it's the weirdest
thing. So Obi, like, it looks bad i i don't know it's so weird it's so complex but i think that
like you don't think he wants to do that you know you don't think he wants to take that thing down
i think he does i just think that he's in a weird jam i could be wrong on that the whole thing is
bizarre but i do feel sorry for some of the guys. Like I have nothing to do with what am I?
I'm Russian.
I have nothing to do.
I don't even, I don't want to even be over in Russia.
I want to live in the United States or Canada.
You said it.
Yeah.
I definitely don't envy any of those guys.
No shit.
Yeah.
I can't.
What's the, what would be the biggest hurdle to the blues?
I went on another Stanley cup this year.
Like the biggest hurdle.
Well, you better, you got to get your goddamn mind right. Homeboy. Like, I love you, buddy. You've done it, but like you get better you got to get your goddamn mind right homeboy
like i love you buddy you're you've done it but like you get you got to figure it out here like
like we're watching like let's go like let's go figure it out so that the the goalie competition
like better needs to take control of the reins on that and have some more competition for who so
and you need a i don't know they might if they could figure out their defense and tighten it up,
well, Nico Mika has to be a top four guy.
Yeah.
He's got to figure that out.
So a little bit change of subjects,
but it's been incredible to see the success you and Strick have had with the,
with the show. And, and interestingly enough,
I get to catch up on some episodes.
And I had to ask you how that's going, how you enjoy it.
And then my favorite moment this year has been when you had Bobby Clark on.
All of a sudden, he's shredding Ron Hextall.
Like, give me your reaction as he's kind of going at him.
And throughout the whole year, it's been pretty cool, I'm guessing,
with all these interviews you guys have gotten.
Yeah, yeah.
You know the game, man?
It's great.
It's a good living.
It's nice.
And here's the big thing.
It's nice not to have a boss.
Yeah.
Like, Andy tells me to do something, I fucking do it.
That guy works his ass off.
He's a go-getting motherfucker.
I chirp him left and right.
I'll smack him around here and there.
Don't get me wrong.
But he's a go-getting motherfucker.
And he gets sponsors, and he does this, and he gets all these these guys and he knows who to get next to what could be something and so i
gotta give him credit on that now do i you know he does annoy me here and there it's fine but like
yeah bobby like okay let's get him on he just asked like well what do you think of uh so and so
he's like yeah well why'd we draft draft Nolan Patrick? I don't know.
We talked to  and he just  look, he's in Florida hanging out with no hockey people, golfing all day.
He doesn't give a shit.
And he's probably  some of these guys, you guys know this,
they're like, here's the reputation I have with some big things that happened.
I'm going to set the story straight now and just let everybody know
this is what the fuck happened, so don't blame me on it. I kind of don't the story straight now and just let everybody know this is
what the fuck happened.
So don't blame me on it.
Like I kind of don't blame him for that, but it's, it's good, man.
It's nice not having a boss though.
Right.
Yeah.
You got to like a guy who thrives with the boss.
I'm guessing.
Well, I did with Lou Lamarillo.
Like I needed that time, but.
Had you guys already got Hextall on or did you guys try?
Okay.
So you'd already interviewed him before Bobby Clark.
Yeah.
Did you try to reach back out to Hextall to get him back on?
I mean, that's Andy's job.
I'm nice to everybody.
Hi, I'm just going to be nice.
It's Andy's job.
No, we didn't.
But, my God, dude, Bobby, like, again, he doesn't care.
He's sitting in Florida.
His hockey world around him is kind of gone a little bit.
You know, those are the guys you need to find.
Who was another guy, like an older guy,
who surprised you with how much he opened up and maybe told some stories
and opened the vault on some stuff from the past
that people really didn't know the full story to.
Well, look, anybody,
anybody that's been through hardcore opioid fucking,
you know,
hardcore shit to where they can reach out to people and you know, man,
I keep my shit open. Like the DMs open. It's hard to get back to everybody,
but I feel like I want to be like a therapist kind of thing because I've been through hell with that we don't get back in there it's all
good but like anybody that's been through that kind of shit alcohol painkillers yak coke whatever
whatever they anybody that's kind of this is what i had to do there's so many of our listeners you
guys know that been through shit and they just get connected wow you're think
i went through that exact same thing sweat my ass off or whatever it is like i like connecting
with people that been through that because the fans man they they understand it whether they
had it or somebody they know their cousin their somebody whatever so that all connects and i love
like trying to like tell people it's all good man
like i'm telling you so what i did so what this guy did that we interviewed look at this guy you
thought he was the most perfect but no no no no he went through hell too we're all in this together
kind of thing so i like whenever i reach out to guys like that you can't do it all the time because
sometimes it's depressing and i get that we want to entertain people but once in a while man you get a hardcore guys on that been through shit yeah we had
buyers on that was a pretty intense one he ended up coming out with a book called painkiller
afterward and he wrote it and stuff yeah he's an odd buddy he he helped me out tons when uh
because he was hired by the la kings right and so he would come down to the minors to talk to the
guys and and you know say
oh if you're going through stuff this is not something that's going to get back to management
i'm just more of a you know a guidance and a guy who's been through hell and back like mcgrattan's
doing yeah brian mcgrattan with it with calgary why wouldn't they all every team have a have an
old school guy that just knows it's been through it's hard to find and maybe guys
aren't good at the guys that went through it maybe aren't really good at like talking about it like
it's just another skill set in itself that you have to like describe what you went through so
people can understand it so it might be difficult but every team should have somebody i will say
janny though like like i thought that when i was playing, even when we were younger, we were pretty decent communicators. I would say that this next generation, I don't know if it's because they're spending so much time on their phones. They don't really communicate that well. I don't know if they're afraid to maybe go reach out for help or have those conversations or or maybe there's a fear that they will in fact go to management with with some of
the secrets and something they want to open up to but i completely agree and i do think that more
teams are adding that type of role moving forward yeah it is tough man like if you're like a
i mean if you're even in my position like i was going to i what am i gonna i'm just gonna i gotta
suck it up i'm not a a superstar. One little thing could,
you could put you in the minors for the minors to the pro is such a big
difference. So it does scare people. And if you are going through it,
like I'm telling you every team,
they rather you talk about it and bring it up like, Hey, I need help.
And if they, they drafted you or they spent money on,
they're inviting you places and they want you to succeed in the future like they're gonna want to help you
with that like so it's like you have to not be scared to get help but they also teams like look
you need a dude that you could talk to that's trustworthy and you know you all you guys you
play the pro teams where you know who you could talk to and who in the organization
you can't who might think that you should talk to but you know he's kind of not he's gonna rat you
out or whatever there needs to be that one dude where i don't give a shit who you are you could
sit down and he'll give you the legitimate and he won't go to whoever and i don't know how that
works i don't know how you're gonna do. But that would be essential just to keep people open-minded
and to talk about their problems, man.
I think that's what Brandt had said is that there was almost a little bit of like,
hey, we want to know what they're saying.
And he's like, well, no, that's not the deal.
And that's great to know Brian McGratton's doing that in Calgary.
I didn't know that was the case, but I'm with you.
Every team has something like that.
It makes a lot of sense because that's tough for people to go through that shit alone.
Nobody should have to do that.
Yeah, I mean, you're making money.
I mean, look, it is what it is.
It's always going to be in your face.
There's a lot of shit that you can get easily, man.
And I know they put their foot down on the painkiller stuff, which is good.
There's other ways to kill the pain and all that stuff.
So they're ahead of the game when all that stuff so they they they're
they're ahead of the game when it comes to that because they got smacked in the face a couple
times and uh and sometimes that's what it takes to to move forward so um i know it's tough to
transition out of this conversation but is there anything else in the league that you've been
paying attention to as far as teams maybe players like things you've been keeping your eye on? Well, the Florida fucking Panthers, baby.
Good.
Listen, Florida, you've been so quiet.
Look, when we play down in Florida, you guys know.
You go to Tampa, it's fun.
You stay in that little hotel right there.
You walk to the rink.
Beautiful women everywhere.
You're kind of cruising around.
You go to that little, like, nice steakhouse right down there.
Like, it's a cool atmosphere.
The fans are kind of crazy. Then you go to Florida little like nice steakhouse right down there like it's a cool atmosphere the fans are kind of crazy then you go to florida and you're like oh hi i'm in where am i
and i know they built them all and they built they built shit up right there when you go in there
it's like oh i'm in florida people are just hanging out like i want them to be relevant i want them
to have a badass team i want them to be loud and now they're going all in good for you be loud you kind
of went through a weird time with of course quinville and all that shit of course very bizarre
all that shit so you kind of you just never been there i i want them to be successful i like when
teams go all in i like when they fucking show balls like fuck this fuck them draft picks let's go like let's go and now
I kind of want them to win that
I appreciate that
I like how they're loud that
organization needs to be loud and they need to get
psycho fans in there because you guys know when you walk
in there it's like everybody's just like what are we
doing everybody's tan they went golf all day
you need psychos
Tampa Bay has psychos you know
Carolina's got nutbags cruising around there
florida just has that easy i'm old and get going a little bit i think that's what i'm thinking of
that's a good segue because we actually got sam bennett coming on today's podcast a little later
so that's kind of awesome what's up ra uh nothing i going back to the pod stuff cam
has there been something unexpected uh an unexpected aspect
of doing the podcast maybe you didn't anticipate like something maybe on a positive positive level
like no no i'll give you a negative level okay we had fucking mark how on the other day who was a
great guy you know talking about gordy getting like in depth with shit and the goddamn thing
didn't go through my poor uh our poor like uh engineer brody it didn't go through and we're like what
so we sent this some some company like we gotta get mark he was like pumping shit up too like he's
like oh are you gonna put no you didn't get it so the whole thing is a waste oh for christ that
has that happened we called how granelli has a job yeah that's how granelli has a job because
it happened to me and what when i was the producer. They wanted us to pay like, well, we could maybe fix it, but you're going to have to.
We're like, what?
Like, we can't do that.
Like, okay, so that kind of shit.
But other than that, man, look, you got to do enough.
And if somebody's not great, there hasn't really been a guy that was like so bad to where the fan base would be like, what is this?
Like, even if that is the
case it'd be funny to talk about anyway so but everything's good man it it truly is we just
we're trying to like think like what do you are you guys gonna want to get like you guys could
get on even non-hockey guys right like you ever think it cross like getting a badass i don't know
some like steve austin but my internet didn't work and we had it so we got him for six minutes You ever think it cross, like getting a badass? I don't know. Some Steve Austin.
But my internet didn't work.
And we had it.
So we got him for six minutes.
But that was Dustin Johnson, the golfer.
But yeah, basically, it just got cut off a little short.
I was late.
And then he had to go.
But we've talked about that a little bit in terms of.
But it's hard because you almost don't want somebody who has nothing to do with hockey.
If it's somebody who doesn't play hockey but they're a fan, it's awesome.
But if you get  because the high majority of our listeners and your listeners, they're hockey fans.
So if you get some guy who's got nothing to do with hockey whatsoever, it's a little bit  I think maybe for some people probably not.
If he's universal, like any hockey fan, I'm thinking like
We had Tom Green on. He was awesome. He was great. He's cool though. He's a comedian. Com we're any hockey fan. Like I'm thinking like we had Tom green on, he was awesome.
He's a comedian. Comedians are great though. Like he's, he's a Canadian.
Maybe we should actually ask that to our fans right now.
Who are some non-hockey people who you'd like to hear from?
So thank you for bringing that conversation up, Cam.
Seriously, but you can get a guy that's,
but you can't have like a guy that's, he might be a big knee,
but he's just dull. You need to have like a, like,
I'm telling you like some of these wrestlers, I'm not a big wrestling guy,
but I'll get fucking stone cold on. I, he's got a cool ass podcast.
I listened to, I don't even give a shit about wrestling,
but I like listening to him break shit down. He's, he's a good old Texas boy.
I don't know. He's just, he's very interesting. good old texas boy i don't know he's just he's very interesting
i'm like he shoots guns he does his shit not that i'm a big like gun guy but he's just interesting
i'd get his ass on and i think even hockey guys could relate to that stone cold talking about
bacon it's just yeah dude he kills like he kills boars down in texas you got all these like big
ass like boars down there that tear up all the fucking
ground and they they they like reproduce like no like bunnies and they do fucking tear up everything
like people's crops and shit so they take these helicopters down there get to a bunch of badass
fucking uh uh rifles yeah bow and arrows like back in the hunter-gatherer days well they get
these like uh and you get on these helicopters,
and you kill all these boars, and you set up, like, dynamite,
and you attract them in there and blow them up.
Yes.
Look at that one YouTube.
Grant Deft Auto.
I was just in Florida.
I'm an animal lover, too.
The iguana.
You can kill the iguanas in Florida.
You're allowed to just kill them.
There's too many.
Yeah. What about the gators?
I don't know.
I went on one of those airboat gator rides.
Those things are monsters, some of them.
Monsters.
It's like prehistoric.
Yeah, they're dinosaurs.
Dogs don't live long down there because if you're like your dog's like,
you're walking your dog and you see these eight foot gator just just hanging out like crossing the street so weird as shit in florida
man and you got anacondas down there in the pond yeah in the pythons too all the people released
the pythons they fucked up all the ecosystem down there hillbilly amazon the hillbilly amazon down
in florida one million years moved to florida i don't think tax-free yeah yeah you would all right never mind i'm on zillow right
now yeah you would dude florida's nice it's cheap you could you could find a badass place you ever
want to move out of st louis i mean i know you got the daily radio show but if it just
became you doing the podcast where you could do from anywhere would you move if i made a ton of
money i'd have a fucking place man we love we loved living out east don't
get me wrong because we know people out there but i'd have a badass place in the mountains dude
i just got a place in jackson hole wyoming who did biz did you got about are you kidding acres
sick view are you kidding me yeah buddy i'm telling you what that's what i'm talking about
right there we'll fuck we'll hunt the boar together, buddy.
Jackson Hole right there.
I like the Grand Tetons, too.
The reason why I like the Grand Tetons is because there's no rolling hills.
It just goes and boom, they just stick straight up.
Beautiful out there, dude.
That's what I'm saying.
If I made a ton of money, I would have.
I'd always have my place here.
I'd have a cool place in the fucking mountains, ski in, ski out,
have all your buddies come. You get fucking mountains ski in ski out have all your
buddies come you get fucking chill you ski in do your shit because now we could ski it gives a
fuck you get hurt like whatever but then i'd have a place either on a nice ass lake or on
on the ocean man but i don't know the ocean well if i wanted to have a boat on the ocean
you just shady i know lakes. Ocean's shady, dude.
Ocean scares the shit out of me.
By the way, you're talking about we can go skiing now.
I get hurt asleep in bed.
Biz gets hurt cleaning his toes.
We couldn't handle skiing.
If you two move together, there'd be Saturday nights
you guys would be wrestling at 3 in the morning.
Oh, hell yeah.
One of those things Johnny Goudreau did
with the...
Oh, iguana wrestling iguana
wrestling we're back to the iguanas jesus they're killing the iguanas in florida though that's kind
of weird yeah why would you kill them so there's just way way too many of them so they've been
you're now allowed to like kill them i guess this is what i was being told i don't know
i don't know i think this is just they're just so overpopulated. Can you eat them? Some cultures do eat them.
Yeah.
They actually creep me out.
In terms of walking around the house just to know
one of those could get in your house.
They were fucking disgusting, but I mean, I'm not down
to kill any of them.
When it gets too cold down there,
they just fall out of the trees. When it gets too cold
in Florida, they don't freeze to death, but their body
just slows down. They just legit fall out of the trees. No, I think they freeze, though, and then they just fall out of the trees when it gets too cold in florida they don't freeze to death but their body just slows down they just like legit fall no i think they freeze though and then they
just die no like they they they're still alive they'll like warm up like some of them probably
die but they'll get so cold because they're cold-blooded they'll just they get stiff and
literally fall out of the trees they don't die they just like get cold and fall out of people
say though even even these crazy-ass Aussie dudes from Australia
that are, like, fighting these fucking gigantic kangaroos
that are stalking little towns, killing, like, dogs and shit.
Kangaroos kill dogs?
Yes.
Look at this up.
Look it up.
There's a kangaroo.
That's enough internet for today, kids.
No, no, fuck that.
That's my guy going on these crazy-
And then they put them in their pouch.
He saw this on The Onion.
Yeah, yeah, yeah. No, no, this is actually shit these crazy kangaroos but but people from from australia who
you think would you know like they're the balls these guys going like that's the wildlife and the
you know uh way out in the middle of australia like it's called the outback the outback crazy
shit booming onion but they say that going up where you just bought a house biz is the craziest shit
because of the big boy bears smelling you stalking your ass when you act like you're a fucking
cowboy out there and you got that big boy stalking you i hope you know what you're doing out there
biz that's why i bought a bunch of mace um oh yeah so that'll slow him down. Would you say your number one activity now that you're retired is golf?
I'd say it's a, yeah, yeah.
Probably golf.
I, you know, yeah.
Do you skate?
Well, I was going to say, well, I was getting to like, of course,
if you do golf a little bit,
I think that you would be an electric factory and a sandbagger.
No, I'll do that with you guys.
Who would you pick as your guest factory and a sandbagger. No, I'll do that with you guys. A hundred percent.
Who would you pick as your guest?
Let me think on that.
Okay.
Let me think.
I know.
Can I just say, Andy, can I just say Andy?
So he doesn't get pissed at me.
Cause I ain't taking off.
Hell no.
I don't.
No, no, no, no.
I love you, Andy.
You're great.
A good business partner.
He ain't coming with me on this one.
He can come hang out and that's fine. But I need a guy that you, you know how it goes good business partner. He ain't coming with me on this one. He can come hang out, and that's fine.
But I need a guy that, you know how it goes, man.
I'm not hanging out.
If you're worse than me at golf, I'm not teaming up with you, right?
You want to get the other guy.
Let me pick a couple cats.
I got a couple guys in mind that are really, really good that would come for sure.
Okay.
All right, we'll let you think about that one.
You guys got anything else random you want to ask Cam?
I thought you were going to bring up the video, Cam,
of when the guy in Australia, there was a kangaroo going after his dog,
and he goes up, and he fucking swings at the kangaroo.
I know that one.
I thought you were going to bring that up.
There's this little town in Australia that this kangaroo was stalking.
People walk in their dog, he'd go go tear up the dog in front of people.
It's actually horrifying.
We're going to make a movie out of it.
Well,
they actually have a big kangaroo steroid problem over there.
I don't know if you've seen all these.
How jacked are those?
They look like they did a 20 year bid.
Some of those kangaroos.
They got tattoos on them.
They did for stalking dogs.
They do.
They got the anklet on.
All right. We get that out here in middle missouri boy
you go to the walmart you'll see a couple anklets cruising around no doubt about it
do you follow the tabloids do you follow it like the kardashians or anything ridiculous like that
okay i mean did you do this guy follows the kardashian no i didn't know i didn't know he was fucking following kangaroos doing
push-up pyramid i like random dogs in australia i like random ass shit like it's just it's
interesting okay yeah give me something else random that you've been following lately
well i mean other than scented candles well other other than like the ukraine shit like it's like
oh god i mean there's a oh that's a, you guys are putting me on the spot on that.
Well, these fucking coyotes.
Kate, you know what I'm talking about.
These little coyotes that are hanging out in my backyard.
You ever hunt them?
Well, you can't kind of do that.
Oh, really?
Well, you can't just hunt coyotes and shoot them.
Like you can't just shoot your gun.
Although we are in the middle of Missouri.
Like you probably could do a lot of things.
But these coyotes will stand in my backyard, and they'll stare in my house,
and they'll stare at my little precious kitty cat, who I love dearly,
and then my two little puppy dogs that are behaving themselves actually
extremely well behind me right now.
They're in my room.
I can't believe they're not barking.
And I can just see them.
They're all the beady fucking red eyes.
And I'm like, I'll kill all you motherfuckers like don't oh i i don't know i feel vulnerable do you
ever um put a leash on your cat and take it for a walk like jack campbell i saw that please listen
i've had a cat since i first started playing in hl and i was like the one of the first kind of
guys on the team that had a kitty cat that was trying to like thought it was cool it was like oh you got a cat like this little kitty would anytime you're in the
worst mood ever like i'd be so down and out like oh fuck i'm like withdrawing off pink i was like
and that precious little kitty would come crawl on you and they would always put me in a good mood
and that might sound corny but i don't give a fuck it helps you so just so y'all know that okay he's got all right so leafs confirmed cup contenders and favorites right
now ready to go jack oh would you ever put yours on a leash though would you ever put yours on a
leash no no no mine's indoor cats indoor cats that's i think they all are i think should be
that's something in missouri that might get your ass kicked having your cat
on a leash taking it for a walk they ain't happening especially in eureka when's the last
time you saw tony twist uh twister uh i texted him the other day big fuck he's out there and
he's way out in the woods out here man you walk into twister's like a garage it's motorcycle
parts he's welding things he's got no shirt on out there he's like he like
weld things like make statues and shit and like it's just he's just always going going going he's
got his circle of guys he he trusts and he likes man he doesn't like the fucking media he doesn't
crave attention like we all do he just does his shit and he's got his core group of people
and i love him for that man you got to respect that oh yeah i loved him when we
we ended up interviewing him i think he brought his dog and a dildo in i was right after his
that he welded it i used it on my old lady
oh he's a he just does his thing man he just he was so popular in this town
and i think he just wanted to get away from it and he's got his again his core group of people
that he hangs out with and i just respect the fuck out of that like i'm an attention whore
like you kind of have to be now like saying ah you know and he just does his shit and i just
respect the shit out of that man the media buddy the media, buddy. All right, before we let you go, cup pick.
What do you got?
I got Pittsburgh Penguins.
Wow.
Go fuck yourself.
Wow.
They can't make a move.
You think they're good enough as they are?
I'm just throwing this out to be crazy.
I just, I look, I don't know.
I've had this feeling.
Don't hate it.
Just let me say it. You guys can chirp me all the fuck you want.
I don't give a fuck. You want me to break down different things?
I could have said Florida. I guess the Tampa, I guess said, whatever.
I'm going to say the Pittsburgh penguins. And if I'm wrong, it doesn't matter.
But if I'm right, you're a genius. I'm right. There you go.
Fucking rights camp. Thank you so much.
I don't know how much weight you lost sweating your balls off
with all those lit candles.
Did I embarrass myself?
Did I look all right?
What are you talking about?
You're one of our most entertaining guests.
You're awesome at this.
You're a natural.
You're a natural.
So, yeah, you can keep pumping Strix tires while also kind of shoving
him in a locker a little bit here and there when he needs it.
He's a go-getting motherfucker, but I will smack his ass around.
Tell him to sell a couple more ads so you get your own place in jackson
hey i'm not i'm telling you on that dude you should dude i love that i i'm i want to be a
mountain man i'm gonna be a arm wrestle biz for his place i'm a i'm a poser mountain man but i'm
gonna try eventually you gotta figure out dude you gotta bring it you gotta be you just gotta
know what you're doing up there home homeboy. I'm telling you.
Hey, no state tax.
Cam, I mean, Cam and his brokeback mountain up in the T-Town.
Oh!
Let's do it, boys.
I want the small spoon.
I want the small spoon.
See you, buddy.
Love you guys.
Be cool, man.
See you, Cam.
Huge thanks to Cam for jumping on us once again.
Absolute great guy.
Had a blast with him out in St. Louis a couple years ago.
Make sure to check out his podcast too, Cam and Strick.
Great shit.
They get great guests, do some awesome things there as well.
I do want to let you know that that interview was also brought to you by BetterHelp.
Relationships take work.
A lot of us will drop anything to go help someone we care about.
We'll go out of our way to treat other people well,
but how often do we give ourselves the same treatment? This month, BetterHelp Online Therapy
wants to remind you to take care of your most important relationship, the one you have with
yourself. Whether it's hitting the gym, making time for your haircut, or even trying therapy,
you are your greatest asset, so invest the time and effort into yourself like you do for other
people. Sometimes life really gets hard and you just need somebody who will listen to you without prejudice.
BetterHelp is online therapy that offers video, phone, and even live chat sessions with your therapist
so you don't have to see anyone on camera if you don't want to.
It's much more affordable than in-person therapy and you can be matched with a therapist in under 48 hours.
Give it a try and see why over 2 million people have used BetterHelp
online therapy. This podcast is sponsored by BetterHelp, and our listeners get 10
off their first month at betterhelp.com slash chicklets. That's B-E-T-T-E-R-H-E-L-P.com
slash chicklets. All right, moving right along, Whit, I know there's something you wanted to add.
Oh, yeah, just quickly. It was on my phone as we took a tiny little break there,
and we had mentioned before about Fleury being added to the wild
and Talbot believing and thinking he's the number one and how would it go.
And Billy Guerin had a quote in the case of adding Marc-Andre Fleury
and it working with Talbot.
There's no room for petty bullshit.
We're a team together and we're
trying to we're trying to win together and Cam's an unbelievable teammate and I know he's going to
be an awesome teammate with Margot Dre Fleury so that's the GM speaking and it's a lot easier for
him to say it than Talbot to kind of maybe give over the reins to another goalie but I still think
with what Biz mentioned and Fleury being good at this and being a great teammate as well as Talbot,
you're going to see these two guys get along.
So I just saw that.
I'm curious to know if the conversation happened with Talbot
before he made the move.
I would say no.
It's amazing how smart Billy G is.
Sometimes you can use the media to get the message through to your team
where if he hasn't had the conversation, it's like,
yo, buddy, no offense, but if you wanted to be the guy,
you could have showed me in the last month, two months of the season.
I wouldn't have done this.
And I wouldn't have done this.
You kind of put me in this spot.
But if you're saying that you're the guy and all of a sudden
you got the net tonight against Vegas and you want to fucking show me
for this next down the stretch i know flurry is a guy
who can be the backup and be supportive and be a guy just in the case you were to go down or maybe
things were not to go as well as you'd maybe planned healthy competition healthy competition
all gm gms and coaching staffs want are enough players to form competition from within that is
what makes great teams when guys
that are part of the roster are gunning for other guys jobs and that may sound kind of crazy but
that's what it is are you are you too comfortable being the number two defense when you think your
job's set well no the number three demands gunning to get more ice and that's what makes great teams
so i think oh you want to see talva play It's like, oh, you want the game reps? Well, fucking show me.
Exactly.
There you go, bud.
I like that shit.
That's like, oh, what a quote by Billy G.
Anytime a GM swears in a quote to the media, you know we're reading it.
How many all-time quotes has he had?
Remember the one he had early in the season?
When he signed it, I think.
Remember when he put Spurgeon on the spot?
He's like, why are we here or something?
He's like, you know, to have a good time.
He's like, no, we're here to fucking win.
Also, the Star Wars quote when we were at the house,
that was a pretty good quote.
That must have been upstairs when you dragged him
as we were leaving.
I found out he was a Star Wars guy.
All right, moving right along here.
Edmonton made a couple of moves to fortify the back end.
They picked up Brett Kulak.
They sent defenseman William Lagasin in a pick to Montreal.
They also picked up Derek Broussard, a little toughness up front.
Got him from Philadelphia for a fourth.
Toughness?
Broussard?
I mean, he's not a little gritty, no?
I would say at this point in his career, he's a pretty good bottom six
where he's competent.
I wouldn't say toughness.
I always thought he had a little
Yeah, no, I wouldn't use that word.
He's tough on the bar tabs.
But when you go...
If you watch me coming from Anaheim and you watch...
When you go to Edmonton, you become tough.
Yeah.
I mean, I had one...
Tough at crushing Instagram models in NYC.
I had one tough incident with Tim Jackman.
Other than that, I was tough as nails in the oilers.
And I'm joking, obviously.
But I like these moves.
Tough on the rubbers.
I might...
I like...
I like these moves. Tough on the rubbers. I like these moves.
Tough on the countertops.
Kulak, I saw a couple people saying Kulak isn't really an upgrade from what they had.
I disagree.
Skates well.
He had a nice assist when the Montreal Canadiens beat the Oilers in Edmonton a few weeks back.
I think of that one.
He rushed it down the left side, threw it in front.
There was a goal.
I think Lekken scored the goal.
The cactus club servers in the bathroom.
The billionaire's cut.
And then Broussard is... Tough on the billionaire's cut. Oh the fucking bathroom. The billionaire's cut. And then Broussard is
Tough on the billionaire's cut.
Oh, man, I just said that.
That was tough.
You don't listen.
You just said that?
You don't listen, dude.
That's tough.
Try again.
Broussard, obviously, not being a tough guy, he can come into the lineup.
He can play third or fourth line.
And listen, I was the guy who said you don't sign Evander Kane.
Don't sign Evander Kane.
He's got 20 points in 23 games, 12 goals.
He's played phenomenal hockey.
I was dead wrong there.
I've been dead wrong a million times in my career as a podcaster.
But Broussard coming in, he's a depth guy.
And he can add a little bit of scoring while also being responsible in his own end.
So Edmonton didn't go out.
They didn't have the means to go out and make a bunch of big splashes.
Koskinen under Jay Woodcroft
is 921 save percentage.
We'll take that.
We don't hate that.
So we got a little run going.
Against AHL teams.
We got five game winning streak.
Against AHL teams.
We beat Tampa.
We've beat a bunch of good squads.
You have no idea what you're talking about
and as I wrote on Twitter
you would know an AHL team
and I'll tell you this.
The Marlies.
The Oilers right now have won more games in a row than any other team in the league so we're flying high and we just made two depth additions that i don't dislike so on to the oilers which
listen i'm not saying they're better than the flames but i think they only have two less wins
than the flames maybe three like let's not act like the flames are that much better than them
three more wins in the span of 62 games is not that crazy so nice nice job ken holland tough
on the millionaire did you say millionaire cut or the billionaire said the billionaire's cut
uh you guys already mentioned ricard raquel getting traded from uh anaheim to pittsburgh
pittsburgh sent back a second and 22 zach aston reese and uh dominic
simon so uh moving right along here let's see dallas they made a couple moves as well they
picked up goalie scott wedgwood from arizona for a conditional fourth and 23 uh if dallas makes the
playoffs this year i'm gonna be real all right i couldn't give two fucks about the dallas stars
right now okay well i still think it's a tough out if they get in it's a tough out but i'm kind
of with you because it's been such a hot and cold season i haven't i haven't seen much i haven't
heard suitor's name at all it's just been their best players now or there aren't their highest
paid guys ben and sagan have taken a big time back back seat to robertson and hints so it's
been a weird year in dallas they all started your boy this is is Vlad Nemestnikoff for a fourth and 24 from Detroit.
Okay, well now I care.
That's that might mean
I'm pushing my chips
in on it. By the way, that
take ended up not being
incorrect that year. We gave you a lot of shit. I think
he scored some pretty big goals, didn't he?
I think he had four tucks in playoffs
in two rounds, five tucks.
For a depth guy, that was a pretty good. That was my undercover pick and I think he got four tucks in playoffs in two rounds, five tucks. Yeah. For a depth guy, that was a pretty good  that was my undercover pick,
and I think he got moved for a fourth rounder.
Yeah.
But as far as Dallas is concerned, I would much rather see
then getting healthy Vegas Golden Knights
than watch the Dallas Stars bore us to death all the way to a cup final.
Right? Right?
Right?
So it'll be the two wildcard teams.
I guess it could be Edmonton, Nashville, Vegas.
I think 100 LA Kings end up being a wildcard team.
Wow, you don't think they finish top four?
Absolutely not.
Wow, because they've played more games than the top other top two
teams in that division yep that's correct okay so yeah i don't know i i think la could end you
i don't know that's tough because vegas is struggling man they are not a great team right
now they have so many injuries but i really want vegas to get in i'm with you we need the golden
night i mean if they trade for eichel and they don't get in, I think with their healthy roster,
there's no denying that's
a playoff team. They've just been
the worst
riddled team with their top
guys being injured.
So, look out for the Golden
Knights.
We'll keep an eye on them, Biz.
Carolina added Max Domi. It was a
three-way trade with Columbus and Florida,
but he was the main player there.
Max Domi for prospects, basically.
They also extended Jesperi Kotkin.
He is average annual value, 4.82 mil.
But Max Domi traded once again.
He can add an element to Carolina.
He can never have too much scoring in the playoffs.
Yeah, I saw torts on ESPN mentioned.
I don't really know where he fits in. said max tomey's a good player uh i tried working with him it did
not work out it seems like he's been in a lot of different places so i don't know if uh you know
he's not happy with roles he has or coaches aren't happy with his play but he continues to move around
while having a bunch of skill and the ability to to kind of
produce offensively but this is kind of another stop from i don't know where he will fit in in
that lineup but obviously caroline is not going to ruffle any feathers in that locker room or change
any of the dynamic they have unless they believe that he could really help that team out oh we
interviewed uh jordan martinuk they're a north south team that's how they want to play if he
wants to maybe fit in the bottom six where he's a crasher and a banger um you know playing playing
a physical game getting to the net making hard plays yeah he could fit in but uh yeah i i was
surprised to not not see them make a big splash. Yeah, I was too.
They kind of sat quiet.
And there was a player I think everyone said they were involved in.
Oh, shoot.
I don't know.
Somebody was mentioning it earlier, but they didn't get him.
I don't remember who it is.
It's slipping my mind right now.
But they are happy with their roster.
They're happy with their D, I know that,
and their goaltending's been sick with Anderson finally getting out of Toronto
and probably feeling a little bit more relaxed at the rink um but yeah I thought they would add a
little bit more I did Tampa defending champs they loaded up a little bit as well they added uh
Brandon Hagel they got him from Chicago as well as a fourth and 22 and a fourth and 24 uh for
Boris Kachuk Taylor Radish and a first in 23 and a first in 24.
Coleman, 2.0.
Lightning, mortgage in the future. Two more years with Hagel at a 1.5 million cap hit.
And people keep going back to the quote that Stamko said
about them leveraging the future to win now.
I don't even look at it like that.
That's just a great trade.
You give up two late first-round picks,
you're telling me one is going to end up playing to the level
of which Hagel can add to their lineup?
I don't think so.
And when you look back to, and Grinnell, you sent the text
or the original tweet to the group chat.
At the time that Coleman got traded, he had 21 goals in 2019-2020 season
when he came from the New Jersey Devils.
I think they gave up a little bit less than what they did now,
but you add on the extra year at a low cap hit,
and I believe at the time Coleman was a 1.8 million cap hit
and he had one year remaining.
So he ends up winning back-to-back with the Tampa Bay Lightning.
I look at that as the exact same type of trade
in the fact that Hagel might even end up on their top six.
And he's only 23.
And he's 23 years old.
And people also said he's not one-dimensional either.
He's got some sandpaper.
He'll finish his hits.
He can do a lot of different things.
And I look at Brisebois.
Man, he is a fucking genius.
And I didn't really even know much about Hagel.
I hadn't paid attention to him until they made the trade.
And then I looked more into it.
I think this could be the guy that gets them over the edge.
And then they ended up adding Paul as well.
I said on Sportsnet, I don't really spend much time watching the Ottawa Senators.
He's at, I believe, a career high in goals so far this season with 11 so far.
He's probably going to be their third-line center.
They keep that fourth line together of Maroon.
Forget who the guy is.
Perry and Pierre-Edward Belmar.
Belmar, that's the one.
So you'll mention, okay, they lose Coleman, they lose Goudreau,
and they lose Gord.
Well, now you're bringing Paul, who kind of reminds me of Goudreau.
I don't know if he's as tough, but I think he's still willing.
Hagel's a very similar player,
just like you just mentioned all the numbers to Coleman.
And then Ross Colton is awesome.
Yeah.
So he's kind of your gourd.
And then I know that that fourth line has been there,
and Perry's obviously had this great year.
He's at, what, 12 goals right around there on the fourth line,
playing power play.
Maroon does his thing in the playoffs, tough to move.
He could very well be a guy who's a healthy scratch in the playoffs
if every guy that we talked about ends up being healthy going in
tampa is right there to to get a three-peat and nobody has three-peated in over what 45 years
the island is in the early you know so they're looking they're looking and that's why uh
stamkos's quote did we say it yet uh no uh stamkos back in february uh pal chris johnson retweeted uh
yesterday i believe was it's easy for us to dismiss draft picks because we're probably not going to be around when they come through.
We want to win right now.
For GM Julian Breezeblot to be able to put the chips all in and get rewarded has been pretty amazing.
I mean, yeah, as a player, that's what you want, man.
I mean, look at this team.
It's unbelievable.
They lost that third line, and now I'm looking at left wing lock, which is a great website. You can see every team's lineup
for each practice, each game.
And it's just Colton, Hagel, and Paul on the
third line. It's like they are replacing
exactly what they lost and they
still have those top six forwards that can play
with any top six in the league. So
right now, if you're looking at Tampa, Colorado,
I don't think anyone would be that surprised at a possible
cup final of those two teams and what
a battle it would be. And then when you just look at the D with, with Hedman and
McDonough and the size of Cernak, Bogosian's played real well. Sergeyev, it is such a good
hockey team that is going to be right there with the best goal in the world. I argued Avery about
this. Yes, Shosturkin is going to win the Veznas here. He could even win the MVP. No one in their right mind
would choose to have him over Andrei Vasilevsky.
I'm sorry, Rangers fans.
I'm not saying Shosturkin couldn't turn into the guy Vasilevsky is.
He has two straight cups.
He has a Vesna.
He will win another one, I'm sure.
And he's the best in the world.
Until you lose back-to-back playoff games,
you're the best in the world.
It's crazy.
Avers on waivers.
And for that, to pick up Nick Paul from Ottawa,
they traded Matthew Joseph in a fourth and 24, by the way.
And they also picked up Riley Nash.
There's another depth guy.
So apparently Paul wanted to stay.
He just couldn't get the number.
Which is odd.
You know, he's a pretty good player.
He's the assistant captain there.
I'm surprised they couldn't come to an agreement.
Yeah, so Riley Nash, they got him from Arizona for future considerations.
It's a good little depth guy for that fourth line.
I'm sure you wouldn't be surprised to see him if someone gets dinged up.
Let's see.
Calgary solidified their forward depth a little by picking up Cal Yancroak
earlier in the week from Seattle for a trio of picks.
The pennant UFA making 2 million.
Seattle's going to retain half of that.
26 points in 49 games.
He's cousins with new teammate Elias Lindholm,
and the two of them and Markstrom are all from the same Swedish town.
How do you say it?
What?
Gavel?
G-A-V-L-E?
Do you ever hear of it?
No, I never have, but that's so sick.
To get the chance to play with your cousin
on one of the best teams in the league to try to chase the stanley cup that's unreal yeah so i'm
pretty pumped and um yon croak had some great great seasons with uh nashville right a playoff
type player and and lynn holmes obviously had the best year of his career so far so that's exciting
for those guys yeah and i think that has a lot to do with the fact that monahan he's coming off an uh an injury riddled off season where he got a couple surgeries
i think uh bilateral sports hernia he had his groin fixed up and even maybe his wrist and over
the last like 15 20 games like he just i don't know man it's like the wear and tear it can add
up but he right now
they have him listed as a fourth line center you go from a guy maybe three seasons ago he was a
point of game player so they had to add somebody on that at that third third line center position
who was a guy who can go up and down the lineup and you know it it was a great move it was the
move they needed to make and it sucks and who? Maybe Monaghan ends up catching fire, which would just be an added bonus.
But a big reason why I think they ended up making that trade.
And sometimes you see some guys without the foot speed that was once there when they were younger.
And Monaghan was never the quickest player.
Now, along with the injuries, maybe struggling.
But the crazy thing is and I I was a horrific
plus minus guy so I'd like to think that sometimes it is a little bit of an overrated stat analytics
people will mention that it really doesn't matter and that the true plus minuses are the core c and
things like that but they got goudreau I'm going to list off some plus minuses of the flames. They got guys at plus 44, plus 37, plus 46, plus 20, plus 26, plus 25, plus 15,
plus 10. It goes on and on and on. You get to Sean Monahan, minus 14. So nobody is even remotely
close to him in that lineup. So it's been really a tough season for him. Enough where I heard there
was some real mentions of him getting traded today. Now, that didn't go down, but if he can improve his game
and get to a level that he was at, not three years ago when he had 80 points,
but even the past few years, then they become even more dangerous.
But it's been a real tough go for him.
You never like seeing that.
All right, just a couple more deals here, boys.
If you want to chime in, jump in.
We've got to mention, though, Nashville added defenseman Jeremy Lauzon from Seattle.
They sent the second and 22 that way.
Blockbuster.
He's got one more year left at 850K, so he's got some term there.
That's Seattle, though, doing good work.
Absolutely.
I mean, they got that guy in the expansion draft, or was it?
No, he was Boston.
Yes, expansion draft, free pick, and boom, you get a second rounder.
They had a bunch of that.
And so they're doing it.
Ron Francis is doing a hell of a job because he didn't get the chance
to swindle every team like Vegas did.
Between Seattle and Arizona, they have every single pick
in this year's upcoming draft, first and second round.
That's quite the feat.
Arizona has as many picks that would fit into the arena
to watch the game next year that they'll be playing in.
This is seventh favorite team.
Winnipeg, I mean, they're not doing nothing this year.
Let's see, added Mason Appleton.
They lost Nathan Beaulieu.
They sent Seattle a fourth and 23 for Appleton.
And from Pittsburgh, they got a seventh and 22.
They also picked up Zach Sanford from Ottawa for a fifth and 22.
The Canucks swapped out a Travis for a Travis.
They sent the third and 22 to Toronto for defenseman Travis Dermott.
And then they sent Travis Hamanek to Ottawa for a third and 22.
It's a separate pick, not the same pick.
And the Kings added defenseman Troy Stetcher from Detroit for a seventh and 22.
I believe that's about it for the major deals.
I know there was some, you know, depth deals, minor league type guys,
but I think that's pretty much it for everybody.
We do want to let you know that if you want to win the Stanley Cup,
you need a championship team.
If you want to win at buying a home, you need the team at Cross Country Mortgage.
They're your goalie, your defense, and your forwards.
When the gloves come off, you can count on them to back you up and get it done.
Cross Country Mortgage has a team of loan
offices dedicated to getting you the best possible loan terms available. They have an average close
time of 21 days, which is ridiculously fast. They've got a wide variety of loan types, which
means they've got everything to cover everyone. We have some exciting news as well. They're giving
away free barstool and cross country mortgage sweatshirts when you sign up to refi or get pre-approval while supplies last.
Take it from some guys that know how important it is to have a team that's got your back.
Cross-country mortgage is dedicated to getting it done for you.
These guys are great.
My boy Chris Devo works there.
They do a terrific job.
Even if they don't end up working with you, they're great people just to work with through the process. So go to ccm.com slash barstool so Cross Country
Mortgage could take care of you through the buying process. Cross Country Mortgage, LLC,
NMLS 3029. All loans subject to underwriting approval, www.nmlsconsumeraccess.org.
Are we done with the hockey talk?
We're done with the trade talk.
We can whiz through the last.
We've got to give Ovi props.
He's now third in all-time in goals, I know.
We get the weekly update, but he did pass Jaguar gold 767 Wednesday
versus the Islanders.
Nice little snipe right off the face cloth.
Was it my tongue here?
Wasn't he blowing on a stick before he actually scored the goal?
Yes, he was.
Was he?
Yeah, he was blowing on it.
He got it right on the feed and then, boom, snapped her back.
I bet you he scored 50 of his 700 and how many goals
within three seconds after a faceoff
has been won in the offensive zone.
So either back to Mike Green, either back to John Carlson,
either back to Matt Niskanen, and then boom, right over goal.
Boom.
It could be more than 50.
It might be 100.
The craziest thing is it doesn't matter how many times we say it.
It's like if you've been in an NHL locker room pregame meeting,
you go over what every team really likes to do,
and you go over what guys do what,
and what guys' strengths and weaknesses are,
and every single team for 20 frigging years now has basically said,
OV one-timer, yet no matter what, it is unstoppable.
It's like when an entire league is focused in to
stop one play and he still gets it done it shows what type of talent we're actually watching so
he continues to climb the ranks and would you say it's like kind of like a no-brainer now he is
gonna beat Gretzky's record is it still still like... Are you still willing to say maybe not?
If somebody said,
all right, I'm holding the gun to your head,
life savings, yes or no,
is he going to break the record?
What are you putting it on?
I'm saying yes.
Yeah, yeah.
Barring a catastrophic injury,
yeah, he's going to break the record.
I mean, I wouldn't say it's a no-brainer,
it's just because there's so much of a gap still.
I mean, what's it?
I don't know.
So he got 40 again,
which is his 12th time,
which ties Gretzky for the most 40 goal seasons in league history.
I think he beat Gretzky.
Or do both of them have 12?
They both have 12.
So the only chance it could stop is if,
so say this year he's got 20 games left.
He probably gets eight more.
Say he gets 46 to 52 this year.
The only chance it could stop is if next year he goes to, like, 18.
You know, he would need an enormous drop-off to then be like,
oh, shit, I don't know, now he's, you know, 37, 38.
But I'm with gun to my head.
I'm saying it's just a matter of time.
Yeah, I agree with you.
Next up is Gordie Howes, 801.
I don't know if you saw, Yaga made a video.
He, like, congratulated him but kind of threatened him to come back.
Kind of winking when he said it, you know, making it a little funny.
He's pretty funny online, Yaga.
Let's see.
Oh, the game you covered on TNT Biz last week,
the Folinos became just the second father-son duo to reach 1,000 games
played in NHL history.
Nick Folino obviously played his 1,000th with the Bruins,
and his dad, Mike, did it with Buffalo.
His brother, Marcus, still got a few hundred games to go.
The only other father-son to do it in history, Bobby and Brett Hull,
many moons ago.
Let's see.
Also that night, pretty cool.
Going to have to get his old man with a turkey baster pretty soon
if Marcus ends up hitting it.
Pretty cool video from that same game.
Tyson Joe's first game with Minnie,
and they let him read the lineup card.
You got to think, as a player, that's got to be very welcoming,
and plus he kind of...
Nerve-wracking, too, though.
Yeah, but he had fun with it, though, I think,
because he's been around a bit,
and it kind of endeared him to the team.
So would you agree, Biz?
I mean, yeah.
I mean, I struggle with the lineup card.
I wouldn't want that first game.
Oh, God, I'd be butchering every fucking name.
Yeah, but he crushed it, created great energy.
It was a great game.
Yeah.
Unreal game, unreal game, yeah.
Everything from the Marchand bag tap to the scrap between Frederick,
and how do you say the other kid's name?
Duhame.
Duhame, I think.
Duhame, who held his own early on,
but Frederick ended up taking it on later on.
I think that that might
have been a response to the frederick hit earlier in the season he's still paying that tab no doubt
on caprizov so he's paying as you said he's paying that tab so a well-fueled rivalry rivalry
rivalry that one gets me to rivalry the coolest part of the game was, well, I mean, there was a bunch of cool parts.
Two things was McAvoy had one of the best overall games I've seen a defenseman play this year.
Hammering guys.
I think he had seven or eight shots on net.
A dominating performance.
You see why he's a top five defenseman in the league this season?
Two of the hits he knocked the guy over and then was like trash talking and then hit the guy again.
And one of them was kaprizov and then the other part that was crazy was uh um zuccarello sent kaprizov on a
breakaway with a beauty pass up the middle was sick if he found the seam and swayman made the
big save and then he did the exact same thing i think it might have been a backhand pass this time
maybe not but he sent him in again and then this, Kaprizov just quick wrist or shelf top right over the glove.
So it was pretty cool to see, you know, Swayman get him once.
And then Zuccarello send another beauty pass in and give him another breakaway.
So that was a playoff game.
That was a great hockey game.
Swayman was getting the ladies with the pregame shirt off with the titty bounce.
Yeah, I saw you talk about that.
He was just shaking those titties, Terry Tate style.
That was impressive.
I don't even have, I've never even had pecs to even, like, try to do it,
but it'd be cool as fuck if you had it.
Pretty jack for a goalie.
Yeah, I was surprised.
And very, very confident for a young goalie with the camera on him
on a national broadcast to be titty-shaking like that, all right?
Yeah, that was good stuff.
I like seeing Frederick kind of finally latching on
with that third line too, Grinnelly,
because people give him shit in Boston
because he doesn't score a ton.
It's like when the Bruins drafted him,
they literally said,
we envision him as a third line.
He's not a top two line guy.
They literally said that
when they took him in the first round.
He was also in and out of the lineup
for a lot of the first half of the season.
Yeah, he's had some fits and starts,
but he's gotten real comfortable
in this third line with Coyle and Smitty.
That's a good fit.
He's had some good chemistry, and as far like paying that tab for that hit he doesn't
care man he's like they need you they need toughness i mean there's been seems like there's
been more fighting i don't haven't done numbers on it but this seems like there's more fighting
and physicality in the last three months than there's been in like fucking the past few seasons
biz so you can't get rid of a guy like that you need a guy even if he's not scorned to your liking
you need that physicality. Spark plug.
Absolutely.
Jonathan Quick, he was honored for playing in the 700th game Tuesday night in L.A.
It was the first game back home.
It was a pretty cool thing.
They brought out Dustin Brown, Anze Kopita.
Drew Doughty had like a, not a fedora, but some kind of hat on.
He was all swagged out out there.
But, you know, they presented gifts to him and his kids.
It was pretty good stuff.
And then, you know, I'm digging up up some stats you go back to that 2012 run
he played every minute of the playoffs 16 and 4 with the 141 goals against 9468 percentage
three shutouts obviously won the cons might but uh probably one of the more money goalies of the
last decade wouldn't you say oh yeah and and and on a team that maybe had the most dominating
run to the Stanley Cup
I've ever seen and will ever see.
Which one?
The first one?
The first one.
When they were the eighth seed but lost, I think, like three games on the road.
They lost three games on the way to the Cup final and then lost two in the final.
We beat them once.
That was it.
They beat the wheels off us.
As the eighth seed.
Just an absolute trucking of the entire western conference uh and
as suspected uh thomas hurdle is going to stay put with san jose he signed an eight-year extension
worth 65.1 million a little over 8.1 million cap hit aav he's got a no move clause for the first
three years then a modified no trade clause and a no move clause uh clause. Let's see. The 2012 first-round pick has 371 points in 563 games,
42 points in 62 playoff games.
He didn't want to go anywhere.
San Jose didn't want to get rid of him, so they showed him the money.
Let's see.
Big Z turned 45 the other day.
Got to give happy birthday to Big Z.
Big Z still doing it.
I thought you could maybe see some.
Teams must have been calling Lou about him.
The Islanders did nothing. They didn't trade Clutterbuck. I thought a bunch of teams some teams must have been calling Lou about him. The Islanders did nothing.
They didn't trade Clutterbuck.
I thought a bunch of teams would be calling about him and then maybe Big Z.
But all those guys basically either decided that they didn't want to go anywhere
or Lou wasn't going to move anyone.
But happy birthday to the big man.
Tough news for Ottawa.
The stud defenseman, Thomas Chabot, he's going to be done for the year
after breaking his hand Wednesday in Columbus
versus Columbus. Rather big loss for the Sens.
Tim Stutzler, he had a
lower body injury. He's going to be questionable, but
tough loss for Ottawa. I know they're not going anywhere
this year. They're probably loving it. Lottery pick.
Yeah, good. Get our best hands out of the lineup.
Every good player in the lineup. Always find
the silver lining. It's tanking season.
Excuse me. Robin Leonard's been hurt too.
Jesse Granger said it doesn't
sound too good right now and right now man like this team had two number one goalies and now they
don't have a number one i know brazile's been playing well this logan thompson's been playing
well as well but they're not a bonafide number one at this stage and i don't know do they muff
this maga andre thing or what so lennar snapped back right and said  Vegas is a team of side pieces. Like, they are not loyal.
No, no.
They'll gas anyone.
They'll gas anyone at any moment.
See ya.
Thanks for the service.
Get rid of ya.
Going to the Rhino.
You're done.
My thing is, though, like, Leonard ended up clapping back at somebody online, right,
and saying that this isn't true.
About season-ending injury, no he he said no it's
not that's not the case but um but who knows yeah it's weird yeah it is weird but you have the tweet
do you want to bring it up Grinnelly uh Daily Face Off tweeted out Frank Sarvelli gave an update
on Robin Leonard's health today on the Daily Face Off show and it doesn't look good for the Golden
Knights netminder and then Leonard responded to it not true again with the face covering emoji okay so i mean
i guess in in that aspect he's saying i'll be back soon but cup final yeah i'll be back for
that final series i i think sarah valley would obviously be pretty dialed in that guy knows
what's going on so there's some miscommunication from somewhere along the way.
Yeah, it fucking seems to happen all the time.
Biz, this quote from Daryl Sutter.
Doesn't sound like he has too much hope for whichever wildcard team
plays Colorado in the first round.
Mine torpedo.
Gee, how do we roll that?
He's playing games.
You still have to make the playoffs, right?
You start the year, there's 164 points.
So then you've got to work back off that. You still have to make the playoffs, right? You start the year, there's 164 points, right?
So then you've got to work back off that. And you've still got to, you know,
Edmonton and Las Vegas are still the best teams, right?
On paper, you guys said it, I said it.
On paper, they're the best team.
So you have to stay ahead of them teams to make the playoffs.
The wild card, and I've said it a hundred times,
the wild card will not, it'll have to be team fall off the face
of the earth for a wildcard to come out of this division. And if
you are a wildcard team, I sure as hell don't want to play Colorado in the first round because it's
going to be a waste of eight days.
So that just tells you what you have to do every day.
Anybody that's comfortable or cozy, I'm saying it right now,
you won't last long.
I mean, you don't usually hear a coach say that.
We know you don't know who he's playing yet,
but it's so fucking hilarious to hear him say it.
So he would play these type of games both times they went on to the cup run,
just kind of pumping up other teams, David versus Goliath type of situation.
So I think he's putting a full-on hex on the Colorado Avalanche,
especially after all these moves went.
Yeah, he's also probably setting his team up if they do play him.
Like, they're better than you.
Yeah, like the mind games.
There's no doubt that he believes his team could beat him but just to throw that out there it's like let's try to just like super them
in any way possible in a way that i'm not doing it too obviously i mean it was hilarious the issue i
have with sutter biz and in terms of your team calgary you're well you're one of your western
carver's teams they they had some big mishap this week with Daryl Sutter calling out the medical staff.
Just a totally unnecessary move where you'll never, ever see that happen.
I don't think it was a call-out.
Oh, it was a call-out.
No, no.
It was a call-out.
And folks at home, this is what happened.
Erica Branson took either a puck or a stick to the face, facial area.
I missed exactly what happened.
It took 33 minutes for him to get stitched up.
Now, this game was at home, correct?
It was a home game,
which means your team doctor is the one that's doing the work.
He's doing the stitches.
Never in a million years would you hear a head coach
call out his own team staff and say,
you're doing a bad job.
You didn't do it quick enough.
I could have done it in 10 minutes.
I stitch up cows back home.
Well, maybe Goodbranson didn't want to look like a cow
who got stitched up on the farm.
And for a head coach to come out and really call out his staff,
it's a crazy move.
You can call out players, and I got a couple texts
right when I tweeted about it.
Good for you because the staff in Calgary.
Oh, my God.
You want me to read it to you?
Self-proclaimed tire pump.
You want me to read it to you?
Oh, pat yourself on the back.
You want me to read it to you?
No, I'm not patting myself on the back.
I'm calling out your head coach who's calling out his staff who's working their balls off.
He didn't call him out.
What do you mean he didn't call him out?
He simply said he could do a faster job.
Between us, I'm glad you said something.
The training staff is incredible in Calgary.
A totally unnecessary bullshit comment from the head coach.
So let me tell you, that did not go unnoticed.
And for you to say he's not calling them out is crazy.
He literally said I could have done it quicker.
What does that mean?
He's calling them out.
He's calling them out.
If you own a NASCAR team or an F1 team and they didn't do a good job of changing the tires and it cost you a race, would you not talk
about it in a press conference?
I would call out players on my team. I would never
call out the staff that I consider myself
equal with. Well, maybe the staff member was
off-crushing. The owner of the NASCAR
team is not equal with the
fucking pit crew. The coach of the
hockey team is equal to the staff
that keeps the players healthy. That is a
bullshit comment and
you know maybe he's saying hey if you guys can't get done it soon hey and and this is this has been
a problem in the past with the calgary flames you remember when fucking jerome mcginla when they
didn't have the pop-off blades lost an edge and it took them yeah this was that no this happened
against the tampa bay lightning in the cup finals in like 05? Yeah. No cup in 05.
Oh, okay.
I potty that night with the cup too.
Oh, sick.
Jerome McGinley lost an edge, and they pass it back to the trainer.
At the time, they didn't have the pop-off blades.
And maybe all he's saying is if this were a playoff-type situation,
I don't want one of our top defensemen who might be
maybe we need a big penalty kill.
And all of a sudden, the doctor is off in the crowd crushing a couple pops.
Maybe he's enjoying the lower bowl seats he's got, fucking sea of red.
Maybe he was on the red mile crushing a few pints before the game.
He doesn't want it to take 33 minutes.
He maybe wants it to take 10 minutes.
You do it in private.
You're saying he deserved to get called out.
You just said he didn't get called out.
Now you're saying he did call them out.
You're saying he deserved to get called out.
It's not a call out.
It's simply saying he could have done it faster.
He could have done it faster.
He does it on the farm with the calves and the cows.
He can do it.
If you're unable to do it faster, it's okay.
You can't talk to him.
You can't talk to him.
It's not a bad thing. You can't talk to him. You can't talk to him.
It's not a bad thing.
It's not a real discussion.
But if you need me to do it quicker, I'll do it quicker.
He not only will call the lines, he'll not only figure out the penalty kill,
he'll not only figure out the power play,
but he'll stitch up one of his defensemen taking a high stick right to the yab. I'll tell you what.
He'll do it himself.
That is leadership.
That's leadership.
Euler's head coach, if he was pissed, would maybe grab the doctor after.
Doctor and I do.
Hey, Doc, we need you to be a little bit quicker there.
He would never go to the media and embarrass him like that and say he could do it better than a doctor.
That was a bullshit move.
33 minutes, man.
You tell me.
Is that not a long time?
How many stitches did he get?
RA?
I don't know how many stitches he got. Well wake up all right you're the host no i know but they don't say how many stitches
you got i don't think i mean that dirty i'm just kidding i'm just kidding i don't think that's a
call-up i think that's just saying hey if you guys can't get it done quicker i'll do it i'll do it
myself all right okay moving right along uh congratulations to i hope sanders right eve eve gascon uh she made her
debut in the qmghl the other night for the gatno olympics she was the fourth female to play in the
chl and the third to play in the queue uh she made 18 saves and a five to four loss but her coach is
very proud of her her effort and all the all the shit she had to go through all the media and you
know being only the third female to play in that league. And the coach is very proud with her accomplishment.
Congrats to her.
That is an awesome thing.
I know I've been the guy to say a female will never play in the NHL.
I'm not even saying I hope it doesn't happen.
I don't think it will.
But that's an awesome moment, the fact she got to play in a game
and the fact the coach said great job.
That was a great story.
And to be a female and to play in a man's game is an amazing accomplishment.
When on the other side of the fence, you have this absolute ridiculous scenario in the NCAA
with this girl swimming for UPenn.
She was born a man.
She is now a female.
She took a spot.
Can you imagine at home, you people at home,
you have daughters who work so hard at playing sports and love sports and love competing and
dream of being a representative of their sport at the highest level. NCAA swimming. Can you imagine
your daughter loses to somebody who was born a male? You are man you are you have a penis you are stronger than
all of the female swimming and that woman or that man won the ncaa title it's an absolute joke i
cannot believe it i feel so bad for the girls and you saw the picture because the girls who finished
two three and four they took a picture together it was an absolute bullshit scenario that i know
is going to get a bunch of uh online discussion it's a joke. And let me tell you, Caitlyn Jenner, who's now a female who was
a male, she came out and even said, people who are born men and then transition into female
should not be allowed to play women's sports. That is a fact in my mind. I was disgusted to
see that. I can't believe it's
an actual thing where then the girls, so the top 16 swimmers end up qualifying for the race.
This girl, Rekha Georgi, I hope I'm saying her name right, from Virginia Tech,
she finished 17th place in qualifying. So she didn't get to go to the NCAAs.
And she's worked her whole life for that. And she ended up tweeting about it. And of course,
Twitter fucking blocked her and silenced her.
But I feel very sorry for those girls who had the chance to win NCAA title and were robbed of that.
Tough to argue that.
Yeah.
I'm not trying to.
I hope every single person is happy in life.
And if you're born a male and you want to become a female, that's great for you.
And if you're born a female and you want to become a male, that's great.
I'm not saying. It's just unfair to these other girls it is unfair
to them yeah well we all had some craziness in the ncaa hockey as well in the ccha final minnesota
state scored an apparent overtime game winner well the review for some reason didn't get done
till like 40 minutes later the players were all showered they had already taken a pitch with the
trophy they had to call the referees back.
These guys had to go back up, get dressed again,
take a five-minute warm-up, played.
Minnesota State fortunately ended up winning for real the second time
because if it went the other way, man, it was already a clusterfuck.
But if another team won, it would have been an even bigger clusterfuck.
You ever see anything like that before, like that long of a delay?
I have never in my life seen anything like that.
It's something that you'd think right away
they would review the winning goal no matter what
just because you never want that to happen.
The celebration, the picture, the refs actually leaving.
I had a kid reach out.
He said, hey, dude, I was at the game.
If you want to know how this went down,
have me on the show,
which obviously we have so much stuff going on.
But what a wild turn of events to be like, all right, we won it.
We're going to the NCAAs.
We did it.
What a year.
And then to have to put some of the gear back on, it's crazy.
And I guess it is cool for that team to end up getting the win,
but a wild, a wild situation that I've definitely never seen before.
I mean, you want to get it right, but that much longer is crazy.
So somebody else wrote me a message.
I mean, you want to get it right, but that much longer is crazy.
So somebody else wrote me a message. This is the under-18 AAA Finals Game 2 Triple OT winner here in Alberta.
And a kid, the tweet is from Brandon Ralph, at Ralph B something.
And the kid comes down on a breakaway.
It's behind that.
He just blatantly hits the post.
And then it bounces behind the goal and goes out.
And the team went bananas, and they called it the winner.
So sometimes there's definitely unfair bounces,
and you wonder before replay how many times this actually happened,
and we have no idea.
Also, talk about unfair, and I forget what name it was.
I got an email, and I know it was posted somewhere else.
Whatever state game it was in Massachusetts,
some fucking idiot in the audience blew a whistle.
So the kids fucking froze.
Meanwhile, the play wasn't blown dead.
The kid went down a breakaway, fucking scored,
ended up winning the game all because some asshole
fucking blew a whistle in the crowd.
I mean, like, I remember I was at a game.
Actually, it was Big Jim Veazey back in his high school days,
and someone blew a whistle in the crowd.
And this was a bunch of, like, fucking Charlestown tough guys.
They're like, fuck, can you pull that again?
It's going to stuff up your ass.
This guy shriveled and walked away.
Basically, they threatened his life because it's fucking high stakes, man.
These kids are playing the game of their life.
And you got some idiot fucking adult, too.
This guy was an adult blowing a whistle.
That was such bullshit.
So this kid got fucked.
These kids got fucked in that game.
Bad enough you got to deal with all these idiot parents fucking fighting.
Kids jumping over the glass to fight reps.
Same with the laser pointers.
And now you got fucking, yeah, now you got idiots that wear whistles, man.
Fucking stop being shitheads.
I got to shout out Sandwich High School in Massachusetts.
So, a good buddy of mine works at Old Sandwich, Fred.
Actually, his son had a really hard accident about a year ago.
He's doing great now.
So, I'm really happy for him.
But he also teaches in the Sandwich school System. So he sent me a text. I guess a bunch of these
kids are big fans of the show. So I want to congratulate them. They won the semifinal and
the final in double OT. The same kids scored the winner in both times. So I want to shout out the
seniors, Kevin Jordan, Anthony Kent, Caleb Richardson, Drew McKinnon, Michael Itry, Patrick Richards, and Matt Hemian.
So I hope I said those names right, but congratulations on a state title.
They were the fourth seed.
They beat the number one and number two seed.
So congratulations to them.
And if you guys know Fred, you're good in my book.
And, R.A., the last thing I have to say to you, I took a lot of heat.
I took a lot of heat about dog and winning time.
Everyone says R.A.'s right. It's a great show. So I'm going to give the second episode a go. say to you i took a lot of heat i took a lot of heat about dog and winning time everyone says
ra is right it's a great show so i'm gonna give i'm gonna give the second episode a go which one
is that the one with the lakers one i i asked a couple people at tnt and they liked it too so i
was on the fence about even watching it what i did watch though was 14 peaks oh how nuts is that
makes me want to hike one of them not 14 of them could you think you could do one is that? Makes me want to hike one of them. Not 14 of them. Could you think you could do one?
Is that one of your life goals?
I would say after watching that, I would like to do one of them.
The K2 one, no fucking way.
Dude, crazy.
How about the picture, though, that he took that had gone viral of all the people on Everest?
Yeah.
Wouldn't it be such a joke to
like climb mount everest you get up there and there's like 300 people like i make i feel like
that kind of cheapens it a little bit 100 but the other ones were scary as shit i did mention after
i watched that though you then watch the one where the dude free soloed and like it makes that guy
like not even look that legit because he's like wired in the whole time but still an amazing
accomplishment that guy was he was something else with the military background he had too
yeah just the the the self-discipline to get up that early every day and and and do what he did
and just though you have to be tapped in a wire he was like boozing too yeah on the on the you
mean like before he would go up or after the night before he'd be like
getting after the part the party get the morale going yeah he's a special human being and also
um born born with like a cardiovascular system that is is is like specimen like
he was tested on a bike they did it for the the three minutes there at a certain altitude
over what is it 8 000 meters and most people can't even last a full three minutes there at a certain altitude over, what is it, 8,000 meters.
And most people can't even last the full three minutes.
And he did so with like an insane cardiovascular.
So obviously a very special human and to live out that dream.
And then even when he went to China and he wasn't allowed to hike the last peak and how he writ the government and then he asked for everybody's
help in order to get it done did you do you remember that part yep and they never help you
out either like they well he ended up asking for social media help and then that got him over the
edge but just an insane documentary i suggest everybody watch it very inspirational and yes i
think at one point in my life i would like to at least hike one of those peaks that he hiked.
Because you're a hiker.
You've been doing that stuff.
Yeah, I'm doing my, yeah.
You're doing little bunny slopes in Scottsdale.
Yeah, from like all trails and stuff.
Like a three star from all trails.
Not anywhere near what these things are.
Biz, I know you wanted to mention
Abastos' new bar that opened in Philadelphia.
Looks awesome.
Just like the one in Chicago.
So this is the second one that's been open.
Yeah.
I haven't seen either one yet.
Well, we don't have one in Boston.
We haven't been to Chicago.
Yeah, why is it?
Was one coming?
Oh, I guess those are the states
where you can gamble right now.
There's two more opening pretty soon.
One in Scottsdale, an old town.
Oh, Jesus.
But Scottsdale's not a gambling state either yet.
No, yeah, it is.
Arizona is.
Oh, Arizona is? Okay, well. That's how you were gambling at No, it is. Arizona is. Oh, Arizona is?
Okay, well.
That's how you were gambling at home on the sports book every night.
Oh, okay.
Well, there you go.
Two things before we wrap up, guys.
The spring golf merch drops on Wednesday,
as well as a vlog from our time in Aspen is going to drop at 7 p.m. on Wednesday.
Is his basement in it?
A whole tour of the house is there.
Oh, my God.
Wow.
That's the trip that Biz and I and Sean took a private jet to Aspen.
We saw Sheldon Walensky, the Colorado Extreme,
all the cool things they're doing out there.
So they've donated about 400 sets of gear to kids.
He built the rink right outside of Aspen, about 40 minutes.
So he's growing the game.
It's a pretty special thing watch on our
our youtube channel subscribe trying to grow diversity in the game is what his big thing okay
um and if you're in not just the wheeling area but the pittsburgh area quick ride biz and granelli
are going to be there on friday night uh with kb and nick two wheeling legends from barstool
so uh go check those guys out
if you want to have a special night at the arena
in Biz's final series of the
Jungle Series of the East Coast
Hockey League. So it was a crazy
Monday. It's been a crazy couple
weeks and now we're in that stretch drive
getting towards playoffs. We've got a few shows
left and as always, we love all you listeners
and we appreciate all your support so much.
That is from the bottom of my heart, even you Leafs fans.
I may give you shit, but still, deep down, I think we'd enjoy having beers together.
So have a great day.
Peace.
As always, we like to thank our awesome sponsors here on Spit and Chicklets.
So huge thanks to our friends at Pink Whitney and New Amsterdam Vodka.
Big thanks to everybody over at No Days Wasted.
Huge thanks to our new friends at Game Time Sports and Tickets.
Big thanks to everybody over at Shopify.
Big thanks to everybody over at BetterHelp.
And huge thanks to our friends over at Cross Country Mortgage.
Have a great week, everybody.
