Hey, Spittin' Chicklets listeners, you can find every episode on Apple Podcasts,
Spotify, or YouTube. Prime members can listen ad-free on Amazon Music.
Hello everybody, welcome to episode 379 of Spit and Chicklets, presented by Pink Whitney.
From our friends at New Amsterdam Vodka, here in the Barstool Sports Podcast family.
What is up everyone? The trade deadline came and went, and we had a big ol' sunk trade, a little recall action. We had a fire wagon battle of Alberta, no pun intended.
And the craziest moment, not only in Oscar's history,
but one of the craziest moments in pop culture history.
We're going to get to that shortly because everybody's been buzzing and talking about it.
But first, as usual, we check in with the fellas.
Producer Mikey Grinelli, what is up, guy?
Yeah, all right.
A little disappointed you didn't introduce me as sumo wrestling champion mikey
granelli after my performance at the wheeling nailers game highway division but to each his own
uh yeah spent the weekend in wheeling and had a blast with biz hit all his old spots and it's
gonna come out on video so just can't wait for all this content to roll out yeah you guys look
like you had fun down there did a couple of other adventures we'll get to in a second but next up on
the crew paul biz nasty business good to see you last week, my friend.
Oh, my God.
It was so fun.
Well, and Atlanta.
So we got a lot to get to about that trip and, of course, Wheeling.
But it was great seeing my old stomping ground,
and we got KB and Nick involved with the content.
And these guys, I don't know how many of you people listening follow Barstool
know who KB and Nick are, but these guys are a treat.
So that really, that was a great way to wrap up the ECHL Jungle Series.
I'm excited it's done because it was a lot of work.
Thank you to Sean Apuzo because he's been doing a crazy amount of logistical work in
order to get everything in order for us to film it.
Of course, Grinelli.
And of course, all the teams involved, Orlando, Orlando Atlanta and then Wheeling and you know what we ended up going three for three in the
game so I'm down a little bit of money because I would put money on the board every time
but one thing I have become really good at is reading the lineup card because I know that first
game when we were in Orlando I fucking completely butchered it but now after the Wheeling game I
think I think that's going to be my new MO.
So once again, thank you to Pink Whitney.
Thank you to Laundry Sauce.
Thank you to everybody.
And for more reasons than just this, all you Spit and Chickles fans listening,
even if you're not a huge YouTube guy or girl,
go subscribe to our YouTube channel
because we're going to get to a few more reasons as to why you should.
And I guess I'll wait for you to introduce WITRA before we divulge even more information going back to the Atlanta trip.
And last but not least, number 19 in your program, number three in your hat, the WIT dog, Ryan Whitney.
What's going on, buddy? Welcome home.
Why am I number three in their heart?
Well, because just to bust your balls, it would rattle you a bit.
Fuck you, all right.
Great to see you guys.
Great to catch up with you guys.
Biz, I saw you were given the key to the city in Wheeling.
I forgot to mention that. I mean, holy shit.
By the way, the key is like maybe the smallest key to the city I've ever seen.
But I need to ask you about a story involving Wheeling
and something that happened at a red
light just outside the bar the 19th hole years back when you were a two-time all-star okay so
KB and Nick did not believe me there's one person on this planet who can confirm this story and I
told it as we are at the or near that red light so we were leaving Generations Pub, which is a bar there,
and we were going to another bar called the 19th Hole,
in which we visited.
So I'm with Adam Henrich.
We're all jazzed up.
I think we just won the game.
We pull up to the stoplight.
We're kind of just talking back and forth, and all of a sudden, boom,
get hit from behind from a car, a little Honda Civic.
So I'm not, like, overly pissed. It's like, fuck, now I got to
get out and deal with this. So I get out of my car. I start walking over to the other car and
they had a stick, a stick shift, a standard car. Well, they throw it in reverse and then try to
book it, but they stall the car, the two guys. So at that point in time, you know, my antics,
I ended up getting in the bar fight
and wilkes bear like i was a complete fucking snap show immature young guy i walk over the
car and i boot fuck the rear view mirror right off the driver's side right off the door as they're
like stuck in neutral as they're trying to rev this car back up so i i boot fuck it off i start walking back you could hear they get it going
and they drive right at me i fucking take a jump squat and i toe tap the roof i literally jump
squatted the entire honda civic so i tell this story to kb and nick and they think i'm a liabetic
they don't believe me so i know i believe you so i reach out they're like they're like what's a jump
squat and i'm like exactly but like at that point in time, that was part of our training. Like we would do those box
jumps. Oh yeah. You could do the big boxes, dude. Big time. I, I, at that point I was,
I was squatting close to 400 pounds. So I got these guys grilling me, calling me a liability,
a diabetic the whole time I'm on my heels. so i'm trying to get a hold of this adam
henrich who lives in toronto who i played with who was in the passenger seat when this went down
i'll never forget he was like what the fuck why he said what the fuck just happened like he couldn't
believe his eyes at what he'd just seen so he never ended up texting me back i tried to facetime
to get him on camera on like on the camera which we had like the whole the film crew so i hope that he could confirm we need him to get in touch
with you now because you know kb no swag and nick are like biz is full of shit yeah now they think
i'm a liar that's like the worst feeling in the world so uh that yeah i thought you were gonna
ask me about a few other stories that happened in wheeling but there i've heard the other ones there were some wild times there and i oh my i read one comment
on the instagram after i got the key to the city and it was a pretty decent size key it was probably
what yeah song well no i mean compared to an actual key that you would put in a door and
someone goes that's that's the size that he needs to do key tokes off of it. I think someone, I think somebody wrote that on the Instagram commenting that one,
that one had me buckled.
All right.
Fuck.
You wouldn't need one of those huge ones.
You know,
like a may a Quimby one,
but it was,
it was such a nice gesture.
I was not expecting it.
And Louis Dumont was the other guy who was honored.
Yeah.
Who was that?
A long time.
ECHL or had an incredible career with the Thunderbirds.
He was there when they had the original team and he was kind enough to put on
the sumo suit.
Cause I was going to put the sumo suit on,
but I threw my back out,
wash my toes,
which is another one that I think people thought I was full of shit on.
But he ended up going out there and I was shocked that Grinnelli took him down.
And Grinnelli embarrassed them.
He took him down.
Did you really, G?
Oh, and then he was jumping on top of him after he was already on the ground face planted, like face first on the ice.
So he did two more dives on top of him.
I went in with a game plan.
I went in with a heavy game plan.
It was a little cheap.
It was kind of cheap.
How old is Louie?
I would say probably at least 45 he actually played uh he played with the cam loops blazers with shane
doan and tyson nash so he'd won some memorial cups with those guys uh so he's he's definitely
up there in age i would say at least 45 maybe closer to 50 but but he took you know how sumo
wrestler you're supposed to go right at the guy grinnelli like kind of faked like that he was going to go at him and then just went, whoop, ole.
And then he fell down.
Because right before we were, me and Biz had like a long talk right before.
And he was telling me how like he always over prepares for everything.
So right before I went, I heard his voice in my head like, you need a plan.
You got to be prepared.
So I'm like, fuck, I can't just run at him.
So right at the last second, I'm like, all right, I got to do something.
And I just dodged him, and he just fell on his face,
and then I threw the flying elbow on him.
All right, I'll take credit as coach for the win.
Definitely.
Wow, I need to see this video.
I need to see this go down.
The fans were incredible every single rink we attended.
I'm not sure exactly when the videos are going to come out,
but, you know, this whole idea, I mentioned it before,
it sparked when we did the ECHL Player Relief Fund.
Wheeling had reached out to do this honorary night.
We somehow got collabed with Orlando involving the Pink Whitney,
and then, Whit, you were obviously able to attend that one.
And then the Atlanta one just fell into the mix
because Derek Nesbitt was the
one who had a hand in helping us with the ECHL player relief fund.
So we're going to roll them out where the Derek Nesbitt is going to come
first that we're going to do the pink Whitney night in Orlando.
And then we're going to finalize it with the wheeling night,
like as in like business coming home. So each,
each video will have a different look to it.
And it's going to have a different feel from different content
that we've put out on our YouTube channel.
Guys, we're really just trying to push the video work
as well as just the podcast, and we really hope you guys enjoy it
and you're entertained, much like some of you were for the ball hockey.
And then we actually just released another video
that was us after Vegas going to Aspen.
And we took a little bit of heat for that because, and G,
I don't know if you want to chime in here, R.A.,
before we get back on track.
One quick thing about the ECHL series.
You said you're down money because you were at three games
and they went 3-0.
I put 4,000 on the board at Orlando because they were playing Utah,
who was a wagon, and they won.
So I've sent them 2 two grand to Kevin Lohan.
I got to get him another two grand.
So the Solar Bears are probably talking about how cheap Witte is,
but I'm going to get you the rest of the money.
I got to wait until Venmo allows me to send it.
I'm going to end up getting audited over this fucking game,
but I do owe Orlando money still.
I wanted to recognize those guys have two Gs more coming.
To be fair, I think I threw 500 on the board originally,
and then I brought them out to the bar, and I think I had 1,700 on my tab.
So you could be off the hook for some of that money
because we had to give it to them collectively as a group.
They ended up making out like bandits in Orlando,
and they're the most spoiled of the whole bunch.
Yeah, no shit.
So about Aspen, though, I thought the video was good,
and Sheldon's basement is just the biggest joke I've ever seen.
Everyone has to check that out.
But what did you guys get chirped for?
Well, God, now I'm forgetting the name of the town that he lives by.
So we went to Aspen to do the skiing and we went to Kiwasabi.
Is that the name of the hat place?
Yeah.
What that hat cost you that you got biz put on it?
It was a gift from Sheldon, a very nice gift because, you know, we took care of him when he was in Vegas.
Three hundred bucks.
Three grand with three off.
That hat was three thousand dollars.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I didn't see the price tag on it.
What does it jerk you off after you wear it?
No, it does. It's amazing. Every time, every time it tugs me off, it's amazing. I just blow inside the price tag on it. What does it jerk you off after you wear it? No, it does.
It's amazing.
Every time.
Every time it tugs me off.
It's amazing.
I just blow inside the brim.
And it actually is it a suede or like cashmere hat?
It's cool as fuck.
It's really cool.
Yeah, but it's three G's.
Oh, wow.
Well, it was a very nice gesture.
And then it was.
So where he ended up donating this rink and runs this charity is 45 minutes outside of Aspen, Of course it was like, oh, yeah. That's racist.
All right. You can't fucking chime in when I'm trying to be serious with that shit.
It's El Jabal is the town.
El Jabal is the town.
So all you did was misword it.
He actually is helping out tons of kids who don't have the money to usually afford to play hockey.
Oh, but people thought Aspen.
It's like the Boys and Girls Club at Aspen really needs a lot of help yeah people yeah people pulling up in their ferraris and their
bugattis don't need free sets of free sets of gear for their kids so he's doing a great thing for the
community 45 minutes outside of like the downtown and aspen and so i don't know some people were
being a little bit rude in the youtube comments for any of you who are now going to sign up. Yeah. You don't say go, go back us up.
There was a few other people who were trying to clarify that this thing is 45
minutes out of town. So nonetheless,
thank you to shelter will let's keep for doing an amazing thing and an amazing
lid that tugs me off every time I put it on.
Speaking of amazing lids, um,
look at this bad boy that you can get in the barstool store. I mean, gee,
this is a good job.
A little spit and chiclets action.
Bauer here.
Logo on the side.
Good stuff, man.
The Bauer hats.
That's a sick curve you got on that.
You look like the kid in Sandlot with the fishing hat on at the beginning.
Yeah, yeah.
I'm a big curve guy.
You know what city kids wear?
Curve them.
Oh, yeah.
You city kids are such curved hat guys.
What are you talking about?
Fuck.
Guys, we have curved hats that were pulled down.
That's like a 1980s city kid thing. no okay i didn't know that i lived around
here that at least it was anyways tons of compliments on the new merch though we we did a
floral pink whitney type of collab and g you crushed it as as always and i know we've been
pumping our own tires here as far as youtube and merchandise people are probably like shut the fuck
up talk about hockey you loser well fuck nobody else is gonna pump our tires we gotta pump
ourselves up once in a while we're getting shit on for helping out rich white kids play hockey
the bucket hats right off oh that hat looks great i love the floral arrangement within the pink
whitney it's great and then pick up the uh for the YouTube viewers, pick up that brim a quick. All right. Show the
underneath of the brim.
Oh, yeah. Bang. I love that.
Little extra flower. Good job, G.
Yeah, good stuff. Gorgeous.
Thanks, boys. I got a bit.
I saw the Aspen video and I
got to admit, I was a little jelly seeing the boys out there
on the skis, you know, like
shit, because I was not so long ago. I was saying we got to
do a group trip. You, you weren't there either,
but we got to sometime do like just whether it's just for a vacation or what,
a little chicklets group ski out just to see who's the best ski.
I know what biz was getting tripped. He ended up in the woods.
I looked all right out there last year. So I don't think you're the worst,
but we got to see everybody.
I was struggling to get my, find my edges again.
But to be fair,
R.A. you guys did go to the outdoor game in Colorado Springs,
and we were unable to attend.
Yeah, worst experience of all time, apparently.
It was the worst outdoor game ever.
But, yeah, you got me there.
I told you guys this year I went skiing.
I'm a once-a-year ski guy.
And now that this year we did the ski in, ski out house,
I won't do it any other way.
Other than that, you can have skiing.
You can take it once a year.
Awesome.
But in terms of like at least having to travel to do it every weekend, a lot of people, that's their kind of family.
What's the word I'm looking for?
Activity, right?
Where all winter they go up every weekend skiing.
Take it.
activity right we're all winter they go up every weekend skiing take it um speaking other things that happen once a year the oscars that took over the internet last night i i thought it was going
to be the same old boring oscars everybody was chirping at ra and then i see your tweet
and i'm and then it got me curious i'm like oh it probably wasn't something that crazy that
happened our age just over-exaggerating.
Well, then my timeline keeps getting filled up with more just comments.
But that was before a video could get uploaded. And then the great debate happened for about 20 to 30 minutes.
And then kaboom.
I think it's still happening, Biz.
No.
R.A., I'll let you take it over.
Okay, Biz.
Yeah, I had the Oscars on.
Obviously, we had a little powwow And I caught this afterwards man
I honestly thought I thought like at first
Will Smith was doing like a
Godfather tribute because they were doing the Godfather tribute
And he was going up and doing like the fake Sonny Corleone punch
Like that's like because that's
It was such a strange thing to see him get up
But then I watched him like wait a minute I think he really
Hit him because like in the Godfather Sonny Corleone
Infamously misses his punch by that much it's probably the only flaw in the Godfather
oh when he's beating up his brother-in-law yeah when he's yeah he's beating up uh uh
not worse than the beat-up scene in the Irish huh not worse than the beat-up scene in the Irish yeah
well I don't know man some people might might might contend one's worse than the other but
either way I I was like okay okay, he made the joke.
And I was like, G.I. Jane joke.
That was harmless.
I mean, just for anyone who missed it, he said, Jada Pinkett, can't wait to see you in G.I. Jane 2.
Now, if you're not familiar with G.I. Jane, it was a Demi Moore movie in which she becomes like a Marine officer.
And she shaved her head, literally shaved her hair off for the role.
So it sounded like an innocuous joke.
Ha ha.
She's got it.
Because Jada's always kind of had her hair short.
Well, unbeknownst to me and a lot of people and probably Chris rock as well.
She,
she came out a few years ago and said she had alopecia.
Now I don't expect celebrities to know other celebrities,
you know,
medical conditions or whatever.
And I don't think Chris rock would make that joke if he,
if he knew it.
And he's joked about Jada and it passed Oscars.
Nothing like that bad.
And so we'll get up and like walked up and it you
know felt like a skit or a bit or whatever and he hauls off and fucking pimp slaps him in the
fucking face and i'll get kudos to rock he took it like a champ he shook it off he went back into
to the audience of 100 million people again but everybody was like is this real is this fake what
the fuck is going on and then the audio come out because everyone thought it was a bit and i'm like
wait a minute if it was a bit they wouldn't have muted the audio because the whole part of a
bit is to make people laugh so the whole thing was fucking muted and then like the japanese feed
come in the japanese feed come in the australian feed come in and you could see will smith the
real anger and i'm like keep my wife's mouth my name out your fucking mouth and like that whole
theater was silent it was like is this that's when i tweeted what the fuck
just happened like that's what i tweeted and and everybody's like what's going on and then the
slow motion come in and there was no doubt he struck him but people still thought it was fake
but i don't know man will smith like he and then 10 minutes later he was the fucking best actor or
what and he's and he's crying he's talking about love and don't you know families before everybody
and then there's the whole subtext of him and his wife that fucking interview that come out what a year ago in which
they acknowledged having an open marriage and other guys have fucking you know been been on his
fucking turf and he gets mad at that joke i get it's a medical condition man it was so crazy
a pop culture thing that i've never seen anything like it before let's go to one of you guys for
reaction biz we'll go to you first well i knew it wasn't fake because uh well like you said the
audio but i never thought it was fake at any point because you could see how how uncomfortable the
rock was on stage or the rock chris rock the rock was there was the rock will smith would have done
shit oh that's funny man that's funny that's what a lot of people are saying but uh then you saw the
behind the scenes of somebody videoing when um denzel washington and bradley cooper were trying
to calm him down and you know you could tell he was very shooken up by the whole ordeal i guess
the most bizarre part about it is when he dropped the joke you could see will smith laughing like he
enjoyed the joke and then he looked over,
and Jada was not happy.
And then he kind of just completely changed his tone.
And I mean, you mentioned the history, too.
Like, yeah, one of their daughter's RB slash rapper friends
like crushed Jada.
So it kind of shook up the family and then they went
public with it i think that jada's got this podcast called the red table and then they
brought it to there and had like an open discussion and like will smith was crying which is like
it's so bizarre because like man like i don't really fucking like i go handle that behind the
scenes man that's like that's your family i'll say that
there's no way i was turning on the oscars after that because it was they basically knew that he
was going to win best actor for the serena serena williams king richard king richard king richard
which he did a great job i ended up watching the movie it was amazing i suggest everybody watch it
but then you you know you started seeing the tweets about how awkward and uncomfortable the speech was.
So talk about all-time Twitter nights.
I would put it up there definitely in the top three, if not king of the top of the throne with.
I have been open about how much I kind of dislike Twitter.
I'm on it so much now.
That was a moment when Twitter's amazing.
That is what Twitter was created for at the beginning.
That's what it was back in the heyday of Twitter.
That's all it was all the time.
And then everyone became so sensitive and everything became so, you know, kind of hot button issues.
That moment was so good.
It was 10 o'clock.
I was exhausted.
I hadn't watched it.
I didn't even know it was on or I knew it was on, but there's no late NHL games. I'm like,
I'm just going to go to bed. It was 10, 10, 15. I was like, this is great. I'm gonna go upstairs.
And then I got on Twitter and I just kind of in bed saw like, what the hell just happened?
What was that real? I'm like, what is going on here? And boom, I saw it. I was like, holy shit,
I cannot believe this happened. Meanwhile, my wife had fallen asleep by putting Ryder to bed.
She comes in.
I'm like, look at this.
So obviously we turn it on and then we're watching it.
We're watching that.
One of the worst speeches I've ever seen.
What did he say?
I'm a vessel of love.
Dude, you just slap Chris Rock in the face in front of 200 million people.
What are you talking about?
You're a vessel of love.
It was so what?
Put some tussin on it.
He says that in his act. Chris Rock's father used to say he had a bumper bruise. He'd say? Put some tussing on it. He says that in his act.
Chris Rock's father used to say
he had a bumper bruise.
He'd say, put some tussing on it.
Yeah, I don't even know
what you're talking about.
But he's like, he's like,
he's like, I'm protecting
these girls in the film.
It's like, what do you buddy?
Are you?
It shows that I'm sure
there's some amazing guys
and girls out there who are actors.
But for the most part,
these are the most mentally
fucking tapped people in the world. They think they're so important. They think everything they
say should be gospel. They're just clowns. And Will Smith might be one of the biggest clowns
of all time. That was an absolute disgrace. I can't believe they should have switched it up
and not given him the award. Fuck that, dude. You just went up and embarrassed that guy.
And by the way, Chris Rock, ultimate ultimate professional biz you're right he was so flustered after he was like we're giving out a
documentary like i don't think he he's and the one thing i did notice right away he's like oh my he
said something like oh i could do you don't talk about right when he was like screaming at him like
he probably is like i have so much shit i could talk about you right now god yeah i could just
fuck embarrass you i'm a comedian like it was just so crazy like imagine if he fought him back that
would have been outstanding if he just like attacks him back or came out and just like
cracked him while he was giving his terrible speech what was he talking about on that speech
it was like billy madison when he's like nothing you said has made any sense. I wish mercy on your soul.
Do you know what I'm talking about?
But he's like, oh, no, would have done fine.
It was, it was, I will,
I will never forget kind of where I was when that went down.
And yeah, for people to say, it's not real.
There's no chance.
It wasn't real.
I did love Denzel's quote.
That was pretty good quote.
The devil comes after, after you and your highest,
just to just an unreal night on
twitter because of what happened i mean i immediately was like gee can you make me a
meme of the slap um being me and an earring a cross earring being the slapper so i like i like
the i like the meme sorry biz of uh leafs and then the first round that was a real original
real fucking original guys um so yeah and then obviously the debate ensued about
oh he's just sticking up for his wife it's a pod you can't really you're not gonna get mad at some
other dude crushing your old lady you can't get mad at the fucking in the shaved head joke and
nobody was aware that or obviously chris rock was not aware that she had this condition and i will
say she looks pretty good with a shaved head.
She's always had very short hair.
She seems like a loser, though, no?
Frequently had short hair.
I don't know her.
What's crazy, too, is Regina Hall, one of the three hostesses, I guess,
hostesses, she made a joke about their marriage earlier.
And Jada gave her the point.
They laughed their asses off at that that which was arguably a more personal joke and yeah like Will Smith should know okay if he made
that joke he must not know you know what hey pull him aside after like they know he was laughing
like Ben said he laughed exactly that's a tough walk and I know you just said like oh if Rock
fought him back but listen man I Chris Rock I think he's one of the most brilliant comedians
of all time I've had the the honor of seeing him in concert.
Brilliant mind.
He had like he was smart enough to know, like, OK, if I go back at him like, you know, like a lot of guys may have done, you know, like now.
Now he's going to like roll around the stage with fucking Will Smith.
He's going to be a gift forever.
And, you know, people are going to fucking use that to, you know, maybe both for the most of their prejudices they might have.
And Chris Rock is smart to know
that. And he also, like, did you see him? He was like,
he bit his tongue, man. He, there's
so much dirt. I just said that before. Yeah, he's so
much dirt about, like, Will Smith.
I should say dirt, rumors, stuff about them
that the industry knows that maybe the public
doesn't. And he, like, Chris Rock
was smart enough to calculate in that five
second spot to, like, alright, man, just
button up here and you'll win. Because, like, if if he took the bait it just would have gotten to this like piss
a match which yeah would have been entertaining but ultimately i don't think that's what chris
rock wanted so i think in the end like if somebody ever put their hands on my wife i'm i'm attacking
them and like obviously if somebody went up to her and like dropped a C-bomb in her face, yeah, game on. But for a comedian to make a joke at an Oscars event
where he's making fun of every single person up for an award for the most part,
it was just the most embarrassing thing I've ever seen on live television.
For a celebrity to do that, it was crazy.
Crazy.
And Amy Schumer, I know everyone's kind of sick of her but that was a funny joke about leo when
she said it's all it's nice that he's going to keep the planet clean and green for all his
so apparently she stole that joke oh she stole that one too yeah she stole the joke i didn't
hear the end it seems like an easy joke to make but what... What was the joke? I just said she said that, oh, Leo, good for him for making the Earth,
helping to keep it green or whatever,
and said for basically his future girlfriends,
or his current girlfriends or whatever.
Basically, joking the fact he dates girls like 25 years younger.
And as crazy as it sounds, R.A. delivered it better than she did.
That's a first.
I would say flying around in the private jets for the people keeping the earth clean is always a great.
What's the word?
I mean, he's being a hypocrite.
Hypocrisy.
Hypocritical.
I delivered that joke to Zarian's section, so I don't know what you're talking about.
We did mention that the boys were all down at Atlanta last week.
It was a special assignment.
Everybody knows Atlanta doesn't even have an NHL team anymore,
but they do have the TNT studios.
Biz, I'm going to go to you.
Why were we in Atlanta and what the fuck is going on?
Well, we got to interview Wayne Gretzky, guys.
Oh, my God.
All right.
Did you just put my hat on?
No, he just was eating some pretzels and they got caught in his throat.
Yeah, guys, we got to interview the great one, the white whale.
We got him down for an hour and we're very excited to release it.
We were actually going to incentivize our fans by saying if we can get up to 250K on YouTube,
that we're going to drop the interview early.
So we're really excited.
It was amazing.
It was everything we expected and more.
It was kind of one of those situations where we just put a quarter in them
and he just talked.
It was amazing.
It was probably the easiest interview we've ever done.
All we had to do was tee him up for everything,
and he would just take it for five minutes.
And I think that he debunked about six things that I thought were maybe
different than the way that
they that they originally were said to have transpired so we're pumped guys uh we might
seem a little bit tired and not as quick-witted today because it was a very uh long week we got
a bunch of other interviews as well we sat down with Rick Talkett uh who's been another mentor
to me with the with the crew uh we tried to get Anson Carter uh but he was out of town he's been another mentor to me with the crew. We tried to get Anson Carter, but he was out of town.
He's been doing the Islanders broadcast,
so he's been flying up to NYC and stuff like that.
So we're pumped.
I don't know how you guys felt about it.
Grinelli's now best friends with him.
I think he ended up in his room after the next night
because I had the Wednesday broadcast off,
and then I was not staying at the hotel,
but I guess you guys came back back and then the kids were there.
And we got to thank also Trev and Ty,
who were ones who really pushed for us to get it is his kids.
So Trevor was one of the guys who played net for us at the,
the ball hockey tournament.
And I used to hang out with those guys were there in college at ASU.
So I've actually known them longer than I have Wayne.
And thank you for them for, for trusting us and allowing us to sit down with Wayne,
especially given the fact that, you know, we're just a rinky-dink podcast
and this is the greatest hockey player to ever live.
We also did a deep dive, Rick Talkett and I, into why he blocked R.A. on Twitter.
So I think we might have to discuss that when we have Talkett on,
but I think there might have been some deleted tweets from RA that Rick
talk.
It wasn't too happy about.
You're a tweet deleter.
All right.
So am I not much.
I mean,
I actually deleted one recently,
but it was the first time in a long,
long time.
Not,
I mean,
for however many tweets I've had with,
I mean,
it's less than zero,
zero,
zero,
zero 1.
I mean, we can look it up. Gee, I mean, we can less than 0, 0, 0, 0, 1. I mean, we could look it up, G.
I mean, we could pull up the history
and if there's a blank thing there.
But I honestly don't think I said anything offensive to him.
I remember asking him about, you know,
rumors of him hitting a former teammate.
There was a bit of back and forth, R.A.
He was like, oh, okay, fuck you, buddy.
It was intense.
Do you have the images of the whole conversation on twitter you can do a
shirt i'm too i'll pull it up and send it to the group yeah because when i saw i was blocked i was
like what am i blocked from like i don't remember like that to that level i really don't because i
wouldn't mouth i don't i'm not like he doesn't hold grudges they were acting like best friends
at dinner until until ra chase gretzky I mean, can I explain how this went down?
We got some great behind-the-scenes stories, guys.
This was a night to remember.
Did we just save this for when Gretzky's on? I think we should tell this one about the lobby bar at the Four Seasons
and how R.A. na-na-na-na.
I'll say this.
R.A. is, I guess, a man of his word and a man who doesn't back down no matter who he's talking to.
But the way I saw this go down is something I will never forget.
We had a hell of an interview with the great one, just like Biz mentioned.
And then after he's like, guys, you're going to come downstairs.
We have some dinner, have some drinks, like stories.
You're just like, this is a dream come true.
It's like fantasy camp.
We don't have to pay for the fantasy camp.
And so then we did Talk It, and then we all went down.
Talk's buddy was in town as well.
And then we had Ty, Trevor, the great one, and ourselves.
Avery was with us, and Sean, our cameraman.
So it's a blast.
And Wayne's telling all these different stories.
Talk It's telling stories.
We had a big table going on.
And R.A., like all of us, us i'm not chirping you caught a buzz and a
half but but this time all right we were all kind of celebrating so it's all good i think we all had
a buzz and a half going on yeah okay you had a buzz and r.a's buzz all right when r.a's buzzing
it's a little different it's a little different but but you know what it was all good and r.a
went over and talked to gretzky and they they're talking for a while. Ty's sitting there for a bit.
Trevor's sitting there for a bit.
I went over and joined in.
Talk had gone.
It was basically kind of like a musical chairs.
But R.A. and the great one were next to each other.
He had him in a headlock.
He had him in a verbal headlock.
He had him in a verbal headlock.
It's a good thing.
I did two at one point.
It was a conversation.
Well, I go to the other end of the table.
And I'm talking to Avery just shitting on the Rangers who might
friggin win the cup. So what am I talking about?
We're just we're just giving each other shit back and forth.
And I just see the great one
stand up, put his drink down.
All right, boys. Good night.
Great time.
I'm like, geez, that was kind of an abrupt
ending. What's what's what happened?
It's pretty early, too. I think somebody might have said
to Gretzky, wait, it's a little early tonight, bud.
So I'm going to head to sleep.
Well, it turns out, I said, all right, what just happened?
Why did he leave?
All right.
Decided to ask Wayne Gretzky.
I believe he has close to 1900 assists.
Do you think Adam Oates was a better passer than you?
OK, guys, thanks for having me on the interview. better passer than you? Okay, guys.
Thanks for having me on the interview.
I'll see you later.
Good talk.
I couldn't believe what I heard.
He asked the greatest assist man in the history of sports if there was another man that was a better passer than him.
He's got more assists than the next guy has points.
And doubled, then tripled.
Talk, it was in shock at the other end of the table.
I think talk, it was not talk.
It was going to walk over like Will Smith at one point.
And we had to fucking calm him down.
No tacos.
We're trying to have already explained to take it.
All right.
I've long set out of most of the greatest pass I've ever seen.
You fucking knuckleheads.
And then tacos.
All right. Who would you rather And then talk goes, all right.
Who would you rather have as your center?
All right.
And we all just said, fuck, this is a no win.
It's an agree to disagree.
But R.A., after verbally headlocking the greatest maybe athlete in the history of sports, asked if there was a better pastor than him.
Just an amazing moment in the history of sports asked if there was a better pastor than him just an amazing
moment in the history of our show all you fucking bruins fans fuck off paying marshall speeding
tickets or parking tickets you should be paying our raise even though he doesn't have a car
oh he was here for a cup not a cup of coffee not that long and like you said i'm a man of my word
it's it's a statement i've made on this show plenty of times.
I've said it in public.
And no one's ever done me like Gretzky has.
I can understand why he up and left.
Incorrect.
Incorrect.
The first time, I don't know if it was on this show or us hanging on your coach.
The first time you ever said this to me, I almost had a heart attack.
And then I needed to put on business hat from Aspen to calm me down.
All right.
So where would you put Adam Oates in the greatest passes in NHL history?
Like, I don't care.
Just not ahead of Gretzky.
I don't even have an answer for you.
Okay.
All right.
So if he's number two or three, whatever.
It was hilarious.
But it created an unreal moment.
Oh, it was.
It isn't.
It isn't.
His Wayne's recollection of these stories and how he tells
them is second to none i would no wonder these fucking people pay to go to these fantasy camps
i'm like i should be paying to be on the tnt broadcast for crying out loud and what a one
thing i want to mention guys and i and i said it right before the interview starts and i think that
we don't want to give too much more away and we can move on and then we'll drop it when we get 250 K YouTube subscribers is I don't get
the opportunity with TNT,
if not for you guys starting the podcast and bringing me on and like,
it's, it's kind of came full circle.
So obviously a massive thank you to you guys and also our fans guys,
like the, the more people that listen, obviously people catch wind of, okay, yeah, I'll do that podcast.
And I know I joked earlier about being a rinky-dink podcast,
but the fans ultimately have made it what it is.
And we love you guys and we thank you.
And all we try to do is continue to work hard in order to provide you guys
more fun things to do while you're either at work, at the gym,
in your spare time. And, and we all,
I think we all share in the love of the game and, and we were very,
very fortunate to get the greatest player to ever play. Come on.
So I can't wait for you guys to listen as well. As we mentioned, we got talk we got, should we say some of the other ones or no?
Well, I mean, if we already said Gretzky, we can say we had Jeremy Roenick.
We already dropped Cam Jansen.
Yeah, JR, it was fun to, you know,
it's been quite a while,
and some stuff went down after his last interview.
We finally kind of discussed all that.
So that was a great interview.
Got into what JR's been up to.
We also talked...
What was the other one?
Oh, and Milan Heyduk, who we're dropping today.
With Adrian Kempe. we did both those guys.
So we got a former and a current player.
Heyduk, an amazing career with the Avalanche.
So it was a great trip.
Obviously, getting Gretzky was the top-notch thing.
And hopefully someday I meet Tiger,
and I can ask him if Phil's a better putter than he is.
But other than that, it was phenomenal.
Who had a better record with Denny's waitress?
Honestly, Phil might fill the scumbag Phil with all the secrets he's got.
Who knows?
Yeah, boy, just the cap.
I haven't had a pinch yourself moment in a long time,
but like sitting there after dinner with Wayne Owen, just, you know,
I know when people like rolling their eyes, get away from me.
And I know, you know, it's conversational. Like are rolling their eyes and get away from me,
and I know when it's conversational, we were just rapping.
And then Whit come by, you come by, just shooting the shit,
picking his brain.
It was like, holy fuck, man.
I can't believe this is going on right now.
And I was so beat the next night.
I was pissed.
I know those guys were getting off at 1.30 and having a few pops after.
I was dog tired.
I couldn't make it.
And I know G hung out in the room with them for several hours,
had a little hot stove with Wayne Gretzky. so that's awesome for g to get to have that moment and just to back again what you said to uh shout out to ty and trevor especially trev i was out with
vegas with him that's when you know he kind of threw the idea then like why don't you have
gretz on i love how they call his dad their dad gretz that's the funniest thing in the world
and i was like you're fucking serious he's like yeah dude if you guys come to atlanta he'll he'll do it i was like let's fucking go and then biz you had to squeeze on your. And I was like, are you fucking serious? He's like, yeah, dude, if you guys come to Atlanta, he'll do it. I was like, let's
fucking go. And then, Biz, you had to squeeze on
your end. And it was like, it's
you know, I know Captain Ahab only had
one white whale. We have a few of them. So
it was nice to get one. And it was an
honor to talk to Wayne, even if I did chase him
out of there. One other announcement, too.
I know we haven't even gotten to the hockey yet.
Toronto. Big deal
going on in Toronto.
Barstool is expanding in Penn, expanding our gambling reach into Ontario.
The Squoho home opener is coming to Runday Views in Toronto Saturday, April 2nd through the 4th.
It's going to be absolutely electric.
The Sam Roberts Band is going to be there Saturday night.
Games leading up to the big day April 4th when betting becomes legal.
The score,
gee, what's the app? It's the score.bet slash Ontario. That is that the correct address?
Yup. It's the score bet app as well. Download the score bet app and pre-register there.
Boys and girls, this is huge for us. Obviously we have the EBR crew. We have Mr. Ice finally
in Ontario. It's going to be legalized gambling online,
and we figure what better way to launch it.
I'm coming back to Canada.
We're going to be doing that April 4th viewing party of the Toronto Maple Leafs
against the Lightning.
They're going to mop the fucking floor with them.
I'm going to be wearing my Drew jersey, just like I got on right now.
Thank you to the Leafs for sending me that.
No, I will not sign a contract to come play for playoffs.
My body's a little too banged up it's going to be a great weekend you mentioned sam roberts a huge canadian band it's going to be going all weekend long and g is going
to hit you with more information right now uh we have a really cool giveaway that we're doing and
yada yada yada yeah it's free to attend uh but the easiest way to get more info is to pre-register for the Scorebet app.
If you're 19 plus and a resident in Ontario.
You don't even need to put money in G, correct?
You don't need to put any money in G.
Just register, guys.
Just register.
And if you register, you also get an awesome shirt that we've posted on our social media.
It's this really cool cartoon drawing of all the guys, EBR, Mr. Ice.
So pre-register right now
to score bet yeah and there's another me on that picture what do you mean my legs crossed I look
like an absolute joke of a person but either way it's a great shirt it is a pretty cool shirt so
I what's it been G two years since the Chicklets crew has been in Canada right because it has it's
been a long time so it's it's a long coming, and we can't wait to get back to Canada
and start doing more stuff.
Muskoka.
The Muskoka tournament.
Dude, that felt like 200 years ago.
Not two years.
That's when we got Brian Burke.
We had Elliott Friedman on live inside the hotel room,
and then we went up to Muskoka afterwards.
So, guys, I'm coming home.
I'm pumped.
I'm going to see all my friends in Ontario.
Come join us.
Come grab some pops.
And we're going to gamble on some Leafs games.
Absolutely.
We're going to get to the hockey in one sec.
But you know what?
All right, everybody.
The dog days of the season are here.
Trade deadline has come and gone.
If your team is already done, though,
then toast their season with some of that fine pink whitney and if
they play off bound then have a little celly for that so head over to your favorite local water
and hold to enjoy a chilled shot or a nice pink whitney in club soda either way enjoy our five
times distilled vodka infused with fresh pink lemonade flavor you boys have a little pink
whitney and wheeling i'm guessing biz you boys uh oh my goodness we had we had the pink whitney zone much like there we're going to be pouring it
down your throats in toronto when we're there in uh in april 4th for the leafs game so come join us
shout out to pink whitney they've uh they've done a ton for us and and we're we're really enjoying
the whole partnership it's really taken off and i don't know why the fuck I just rambled on like that.
Let's get on to talking about hockey.
Yep.
I mentioned a song trade in the intro and Vegas.
They thought they traded forward of Guinea Daddanoff and a second rounder to Anaheim for John Moore in Ryan Kessler's contract just before the deadline.
But the trade was eventually nullified because it turns out Anaheim was on his no trade list.
Vegas acquired him back last summer from Ottawa.
And per P.L. LeBrun, Vegas claims that the senators back on the trade call in July said that Dadunov hadn't submitted a trade list by the deadline.
But it turns out his reps didn't fact file a list before the deadline.
There was a paper trail for it.
So the trade was nullified
and pl lebron also said that a no trade list is submitted solely between a player agent and the
club the league and the nhlpa do not keep track of a no trade list which i don't know it seems
kind of like there should be a better system in place so it sounds like ottawa basically gave
vegas shitty intel which they leaned on when they tried to trade them. A deal that would have taken
3.375 million off of Vegas'
books, but there's not going to be
any punishment for Ottawa. I mean, it seems like they
basically didn't do their paperwork or their homework.
Nobody's coming out and saying that. Vegas
obviously was looking to dump salary to make room
for Alex Martinez and or Mark Stone.
Pierre Lebrun does think
the NHL is going to push for a change with that this
week when the GMs meet. They should have a little
bit of a more, I guess, something between the players,
the union, the players association,
rather, the agents and the team so that
everybody gets a copy and people know what's
going on. The guy who probably
suffered the most out of this other than the Donoff
is Ryan Kessler. Instead
of getting traded to Vegas for his contract,
it's going to cost him another 150
grand in taxes, Biz. I figured you might want to know that, Dale. He's going to cost him another 150,000 in taxes, Biz.
I figured you might want to know that, Dale.
I mean, he's made so much.
He probably doesn't give a shit.
That's like ashtray money to him.
I also saw his Instagram.
He's on vacation somewhere,
and he's holding what looks to be a 50-inch fish.
I wrote him.
I go, Jesus Christ, dude.
He goes, this is a record fish.
I don't know if the story will still be up tomorrow or Tuesday
when you guys are listening, but he living he's living right yeah well the
nhlpa they weren't happy what happened because the don't have did nothing wrong and he had to
wait he missed games crucial games too he's been one of vegas's hottest players and he can't play
because other people screwed up so the nhl you know or the auto or whoever this is a mess that
should that should be fixed he sold this doesn't again, man. A guy puts a team when there's no trade list
and a team tries to trade him two trades later.
It's kind of fucked up.
Anything like this?
No, it's just a classic case of something happening
where they had a shitty system in place,
much like in the NFL when something happens
and they're like, oh, there's no rule for this.
Well, somebody's got to get fucked out of the whole thing.
Surprised it wasn't Ottawa who ends up getting any type of punishment not saying that they should
but if you're trading a guy with who's submitted a no trade list to 10 teams you should be forwarding
that on i mean that's bad bookkeeping um it sucks for vegas because they missed a guy for two games
but in the same breath it's like well they were trying to get rid of them and they've kind of been fucked with the
cap situation with all these crazy moves they continually make.
And now all of a sudden,
sometimes the best moves are the ones that you don't make where this guy has
came back.
And I mean,
single-handedly kind of helped their season keep going because they don't
have any room for error at this point.
If they would have lost that game to the Hawks in which they are down three nothing i mean they're like i said they
got dallas has four games in hand right now and i think vegas is one point ahead of them so
i i have been adamant that i i think that dallas is somewhat of a boring team to watch
and i know their fans are going to be pissed at me saying that every time i watch them play i'm kind of like i'm not that excited is has vegas been the most entertaining
team this year no but if they get healthy they're going to be fucking entertaining as hell and it's
kind of a cool story and of course with their crowd and and the drama of jack eichel being in
the mix i don't know if you sabers fans are going to be telling me i'm tugging him off like the
kawasabi hat i have on but this this is a huge moment for
them a great comeback and I'm really happy for the guy and as Pete DeBoer said like really sometimes
in this game your character is going to be tested and he handled everything like a true professional
he didn't pout he just came back in got back right to the way that he he left off before it all
happened working his balls off and it's just fitting that, you know,
he's been lighting the lamp
and really carrying the load offensively for them.
Yeah.
It really goes to show that there needs to be a change.
And the whole issue with no trade lists
or, you know, the teams that you put on your no trade list
is it's never been made public.
So it's only been made public with the player, his agent,
and then the staff of the team that he's signing been made public. So it's only been made public with the player, his agent, and then the staff of the team that he's signed in the contract with.
And the reason it's never gone further than that is because a lot of players and agents alike,
they don't want those lists to get out because there's the chance where there's some fan bases
that find out this guy doesn't want to go here. It just can create headaches that are kind of
unnecessary where players would rather keep those lists private.
But after this, and Pierre Lebrun wrote a pretty good article
about this explaining they have to change it.
There has to be a central registry.
Is it central registry, RA, that they decide if all the trades go through?
They fucked up here.
They never mess up, right?
And they got a million things going on trade deadline day.
But they were the ones that finally okayed this trade. So it's a little bit on them as well. But there needs to be something in place where not produces their list the same day or by the same day.
Whereas right now, it's like totally different.
It's up to the team and the player when they have to give the list in.
July 1st, is it March 1st before the deadline?
So they really need to kind of figure out a way that this won't happen again.
The same way they're talking about maybe getting the salary cap into the Stanley Cup playoffs and calling it like the Kucherov rule, like this could be the Dadnov rule or the Dodonov rule,
and just kind of finally make it well aware to every team
who's on which player's no trade list,
when it kicks in, when it doesn't count.
Because before, if you had a no trade list
on my final three years of the six-year deal I signed in Pittsburgh.
So they could do anything before those three years.
But then if I were to be traded, it canceled out.
It was gone.
Oh, wow. Interesting.
And now since the lockout of what was it?
Was it 14, whatever?
0-4, 0-12?
13 lockout. Okay.
Yeah. So that now actually you don't lose the no trade list if you were to be traded.
Interesting.
So it's kind of changed a little bit.
But there needs to be some sort of organization to this.
And you guys were right in saying, Dodonov, I mean, that sucks.
You're with a team you enjoy playing for.
You agreed to be traded there.
And you have to go through kind of the embarrassment.
And he just didn't shrug.
He didn't whine or complain.
He just showed up, and he's been their best player so and quickly about vegas they have 14 games left
if they don't win at least at least 11 of them i i don't think they can get in uh obviously i was
and interesting about what you said about dallas the eight teams in the east have been pretty much
set for i don't know three months it's kind of been crazy how the eight and eight in the East have been pretty much set for, I don't know, three months. It's kind of been crazy how the 8 and 8 in the Eastern Conference are that different in terms of good teams and bad teams.
The West, Winnipeg has a very slight chance, but I think it's really Dallas that could probably sneak in.
Right now, the wildcard teams are currently St. Louis and Vegas.
Dallas is the only team fighting for a playoff spot right now in the entire league that has a minus goal differential on the year.
So it is, I mean, they're not exciting.
I'm with you, Biz.
I actually think that they could cause problems if they were to get in.
They're not the easiest team to play against.
And what's his name playing on real and net there right now?
Wedgwood?
Ottinger.
Oh, Wedgwood got traded over from the Coyotes.
Wedgwood got traded over and has been playing great because Holpe's on long-term IR.
So, yeah, it was a brutal scenario for Dodonov,
but he bounced back like a true professional.
So you kind of brought up another point, Witt.
You said fan bases might get riled up
and maybe it would create maybe some insults or animosity.
Maybe even more so other teams and GMs hearing
that they didn't want to come there.
Yeah, fuck this guy.
Yeah, when that contract runs out, it really cock blocks him as far as teams maybe being like,
well, he didn't want to be here to begin with, and now that he's got no options, no, screw this guy.
So maybe that's a reason that it was originally handled the way it was.
So it probably has to go to some type of arbitrator where it compiles,
where still those other teams are not going to find out who the teams are,
but yet it is in the league database.
I did get a huge kick out of his pregame announcement of his name.
Vegas's arena went wild when they announced him.
The place went crazy.
I go to the Starbucks nearby on Mondays from like 3 to 5.
I just kind of get on the computer, do some research, get dialed in for the show.
And I was laughing out loud because I was like, if I got traded from Pittsburgh to Anaheim and two days later that fucking thing got reversed and I then got announced at Mellon Arena, the crowd would have booed as loud as they've ever booed for
anything in their lives.
It would have been like that girl when Trump got elected, like on the ground.
And meanwhile, the Donoff gets this insane, like ovation from the crowd.
I was happy for him.
But I was laughing, thinking about how happy people were that Kunitz was coming and I was
going.
And if you had to reverse it on him,
I might have had to jump over a car myself that night.
Yeah.
So I'm guessing you didn't get a video tribute at all,
either in Pittsburgh or Anaheim.
That wasn't really a thing when he got dealt.
I don't think.
Yeah, I was wondering.
No, it was for legends. Middle fingers.
It was for legends.
I've told you that the whole video tribute things completely jumped the shark.
Everyone gets one. Everyone and their mothers get one now. I went back to Pittsburgh as an Anaheim
duck and I was like minus three in the first period and we got worked by him. And then when
I went back to Anaheim as an Edmonton oiler, it was the last game of the year. I think we actually
won and I scored. And then that night I didn't go back to Edmonton because all my stuff was still in Anaheim.
So I went to Sharky's and met all the boys because the Ducks didn't make the playoffs.
And we certainly didn't make the playoffs in Edmonton.
So I went to Sharky's and then I was getting all my stuff from my apartment and just kind of heading home a couple of days later.
And I remember Jason Blake came up.
He's like, oh, it sucks.
You got traded to the worst team.
They suck.
I'm like, get away from me right now, dude.
Brutal. That sucks. You got traded to the worst team. They suck. I'm like, get away from me right now, dude. It's brutal.
But yeah, Jesse Granger, who covers Vegas for the Athletics,
stopped by the Chickens Cup in Vegas.
Yeah, great guy.
He said it was one of the legit, one of the loudest ovations he heard.
Not just like a nice cheer, like legit one of the loudest.
He's a heck of a player.
Like he was in Ottawa.
Yeah.
I mean, Flaher Florida, everywhere he's been,
he's like scored goals.
He's,
he's produced.
He's one of these guys who gets bounced around a lot,
but a goal into a system that six to one,
when the first game after the non-trade biz.
And then of course you get the overtime game winner in Chicago, like you mentioned down three,
nothing going into the third five points in the two game sense,
32 points in 64 games tied for second and goals.
And also Vegas was all in 57 when trailing by three plus goals in the third
period, they were in their fourth game in six days. I mean,
you don't know if it's going to be a galvanized and went fun.
Cause you know what? They're kind of behind the eight ball right now.
They need wins Dallas's games in hand.
So we've got a hell of a race out back out in the West.
And also we've got to give a shout out to Pete DeBoer who did coach his
1000th NHL game.
Got a win over Nashville, the 30th coach to do so.
And also, we want to send our best wishes out to Vegas' Brett Howden.
He's going to be out for a little while.
Got stretched off the ice after an unfortunate hit.
Looked like he was going down.
And Philippe Forsberg went in.
Looked like he may have already been committed to the hit.
I don't think it was dirty at all.
It was just kind of shit timing type thing.
And, you know, it's always shitty to to the hit. I don't think it was dirty at all. It was just kind of shit timing type thing. It's always
shitty to see a guy down like that and stretch
it off, but he was fine.
No major injuries. He's going to be banged up for a bit.
Nice to see he's going to be
all right. Either way,
there were a lot of guys, Biz,
who did get traded and had
some significant impacts on what happened
with their teams. Obviously, Mark
Andre Fleury was the big name.
He didn't start right away, but he did get his first start, let's see,
Saturday versus Columbus.
Stopped 23 out of 25 shots, won his first game with the Wild.
Pretty cool moment after he was named the game's third star,
and somebody threw a bouquet of flowers on the ice,
and he ran over, scooped them up.
Good stuff so far with Marc-Andre.
As I know you
mentioned that article michael russo did about how how basically everybody in the minnesota room was
over the moon uh kevin fiala was fanboying said quote he's my favorite goalie of all time i wanted
to be a goalie because of him when i was younger uh look at him now he's in a locker room it's just
not realistic i don't think i slept a minute because i couldn't wait to see flurry in our
locker room that's a real quote to hear from a modern NHL. Very rare. And I mean, just,
just seeing all the videos and the excitement around that organization and where I think you've
harped on it a few times, like they've waited a long time to be relevant. You know, last year,
they had a pretty good run, but you know, you didn't really have that sense that they were
primed and ready to go the distance. Now this year with the moves that they've made at the deadline,
but I tune into every single one of their home games just to see the crowd.
And for a portion of it, they'll be standing up.
And it was cool that in flowers game, they ended up tying it up late.
I believe it was Capri soft. He's got 35 talks on the season.
Everything is advertised and earning that fucking big payday that he got.
Then they win it in overtime for him.
But one of the things that Talkett mentioned when it all went down,
and I'm sure Billy G had a lot to do with it and saying, hey, man,
like, you know, come here.
You know, I know maybe you were hesitant to maybe move
and you don't want to move your family.
And, you know, you've been through the whirlwind the last couple seasons
with what you've dealt with, like off ice emotionally.
But all of a sudden now, you know would that potentially mess with with Cam Talbot that
would be a question that some people would have and maybe Cam Talbot would be pissed because he's
like hey I'm I'm the number one goalie here but talk it's like no man you need that healthy
competition from within to push each other um and you've seen it right off the hop look at how well
Cam Talbot's been playing he played unbelievable unbelievable against the Avs in their last game
in which they were getting peppered early on,
and that game was nothing-nothing for a while.
So really cool goalie dynamic.
They probably have one of the best, if not the best,
tandem in the league, definitely top five.
You know, they got Dumba back off the IR.
Spurgeon's playing well after his injury now.
I think he was the one who ended up getting that overtime winner in that,
that game that out flower played and Deloria Deloria immediately making his
impact. So not even just flower, just the energy that this team has.
It is so excited. I'm excited for him.
I know I said that they're kind of my dark horse sleep.
I think you said they were your 16.
that they're kind of my dark horse.
Sleeper, I think you said.
They were your sixth team.
Listen, I'm not a fanboy of the Minnesota Wild.
I'm happy with what their fans are getting to experience, given the fact that they've had to watch a boring team
for as long as they had.
They are very, very exciting to watch.
They have that bruiser line.
They got the high-flying offense.
They got the great connection between Zuccarello.
The Fiala's been playing unbelievable.
So just overall, the elevation that these trades,
including Flower being number one that have provided them,
it's great for the game.
It's awesome for the game,
and I'm probably just as excited as Fiala is in the fact that they got them.
All very well said.
This team is dangerous.
They got 18 games left.
They could easily win 50 games.
They got 40 wins right now.
It's a very deep, big, strong, difficult to play against team.
And I do love the fact that Talbot has stepped up his game big time
because you know what?
He got challenged a little bit.
And he also, I saw him on NHL Now,
the show on NHL Network here in the States.
And he was mentioning how Fleury's been his favorite goalie
kind of his whole career.
So I think it was probably a little wake-up call for him
as well as being super exciting to get to meet,
not an idol, but a guy you certainly
have always respected immensely.
We had the opportunity to interview him
on the TNT broadcast.
And we were joking
around about i asked him what is uh how does he get his teeth so white he said brush him but i
think he's got nice fake jibs but one thing i interrupted him on it because talk had asked
about the pranks when i was in wilkes-barre flower was not even at the bar this night i just gotten a
brand new f-150 pickup truck and i came out of Arena Bar and Grill and this thing was covered in shaving cream
and toilet paper and paper towels.
This fucker didn't even go to the bar
and he's had the balls to show up and prank me.
So he is the ultimate prankster of this.
You don't see a lot of that type of stuff going on.
We had Shane Donan at one point talking about
when Brad May had the new bmw 5 series where they rolled back the the sunroof and they filled it up with the
arena popcorn and he had a buttery popcorn a buttery popcorn like putting guys putting guys
cars up on blocks like he is he is like an old school prankster and talk asked him if he'd gotten
anybody on the team yet and he's like no no it's still early it's like talk he's been there for fucking three days like
yeah he walked in the room and like shook a guy's hand he had like the buzzer in his palm
he's all those guys who are excited and thrilled to meet him just wait just wait a couple weeks
but but i was able to ask him too i asked asked about the pearly whites and then i said hey rumor has it that washington was making a strong push and he said
nah it just it just didn't feel right with all those battles that they had with the penguins i
just i just couldn't do it which that's pretty fair man and the fact that they could end up
meeting this year because you know well not not according to me i know i'm pissing off the
washington capitals fan base,
and I'm trying to stir the pot a little bit, but we'll get to that later.
Yeah, he said it just didn't seem right is what he said, Biz.
And I went to go back to Cam Talbot.
He's won his last eight starts.
He got hot before Marc-Andre came in.
He stopped 139 of his last 146 shots.
That's a 9-5-2 save percentage.
So it looked like he got a kick in the pants before the trade deadline. And, you know, Marc-Andre, obviously, I don't know if he's a 9-5-2 save percentage so look like you got a kick in the pants before the trade deadline and you know mark andre they obviously uh i don't know if he's a 1a or
whatever you want to call him but they got a hell of a combo right now and biz you just said about
dc well if he did go to dc i'm sure that tj oshi would have hooked him up with some fresh
war road hockey threads like i'm wearing right now war road original hockey company is the premium
activewear company
founded by the Stanley Cup champion TJ Oshie,
a guest of the show and a spit-and-chickles favorite.
They've got training shirts, shorts, joggers, polos, and more.
Plus, it's not just on ice gear.
Like I said, I'm wearing my sweet jacket.
I'm trying to show the War Road logo right there if I can pull it out.
All right, I'm sorry.
I've got to quickly jump in here because I have not taken off this merch that the osh dog sent us war road gear the joggers are some of the most
comfortable pants i've ever worn in my life they're amazing the t-shirt's great you can work
out in it you can wear it out and about the hoodies are awesome they got the zip downs and
what i've probably worn most now that the weather is changing it'll change what is this winter jacket
it's unreal it's puffy it's comfortable it looks is this winter jacket? It's unreal. It's puffy. It's comfortable.
It looks good.
It's got the hood that you can take off.
You can zip it off.
You can leave it on.
He's done such a good job.
Biz, I know he's also helping out you hockey players in Warroad with this company.
Yeah, part of the proceeds of the clothing brand
do go to provide ice time for kids in that town.
And like you said, man,
I've been wearing around all Atlanta,
very soft cotton t-shirts.
Definitely, definitely you could work out in them. But yeah, I've been wearing around all Atlanta, very soft cotton t-shirts. Definitely, definitely you could work out in them.
But yeah, I've been very impressed.
I didn't get the jacket though.
So I might have to fucking hit up the Oshie dog and get myself.
I got the jacket as well, Biz.
It's unbelievable.
20 degrees here in New York City today.
Wore that jacket out when I took my dog for a walk.
Wasn't cold at all.
Maybe he's pissed the way I've been talking about the cap.
So I.
Yeah, that's it. You took a couple. She took a couple shots at his all. Maybe he's pissed the way I've been talking about the cap. So I, yeah, that's it.
You took a couple,
she took a couple of shots at his team and he's like,
if the D was as strong as the seams on this merchandise,
maybe they'd have a fucking chance of getting past the first round.
No offense to the O's dog.
Now,
all right,
finish up that ad read,
go to warroad.com slash SC to get a free gift with your order.
That's W A R R O A D.com slash SC to get a free gift with your order. That's W A R R O a d.com slash SC.
Mark Andre,
not the only guy to make an impact right away with his new team,
uh,
Claude drew yet to assist in each of his first two games of Florida.
Uh,
also that first game with Florida,
Ben Sherratt and Robert had gotten the board as well.
So immediate payback for hard on that trade.
We'll see what happens with them going forward.
A quick little stat on Giroux, too.
The only players with more points than him since his first full season 13 years ago,
Kane, Crosby, Ovechkin, Stamkos, and Tavares.
So, you know, Giroux's been getting it done for a long time.
Philly stunk for the last couple years, so maybe he got lost in the shuffle.
But just to remind you how good a player he is.
Also, Dallas goalie Scott Wedgwood had 44 saves on 47 shots,
stopped all three shootout attempts,
and a huge 4-3 Dallas win over the Canes the other day.
What's his name?
Braden Hope.
He's been placed on long-term injury reserve.
Wedgwood, actually a pretty significant deal for Dallas.
Biz, does he remind you of anybody or what?
Well, no.
I was just going to say he was great in Arizona.
I mean, it's tough
to really judge when you're getting peppered and shot some nights you have your good nights and
then some nights you get lit up for fucking six or seven but uh you know kind of reminds me when
when kudobin ended up having to step in for dallas during that run and the amount of magic that he
created for for a team that wasn't really expected to go far so i know it was critical them playing a
little bit boring but you know even you know even when they made that run, they weren't the most high-flying offense.
They were just winning games by playing good structure
and just really had great team chemistry with great goaltending.
So smart move by them and looking really good at this point,
and it does look as if, though, they are going to get that eighth seed.
Only problem is, though, as Daryl Sutter said,
it's going to last eight days long.
That quote was beautiful.
Another guy who made an immediate impact,
Bruins defenseman Hampus Lindholm.
He got an assist in his first game, played over 23 minutes,
four shots on goal, and a 3-2 win over Tampa Bay.
The Brad Marchand quote was hilarious about him.
He said his first impressive Lindholm
quote, what a good looking guy, man. He's got it all like an Arnold Schwarzenegger type figure.
So I don't know. Guy's got apparently a man rocket as well. In that game, Pasta,
he got his 12th hat trick tied for third in Bruins history after Phyllis Bozzito and Cam Neely.
His 44th multi-goal game since entering the league. Only Ovechkin and Austin Matthews have more on that time frame.
Let's see.
Patrice Bergeron, he missed his fourth game with an elbow infection.
He needed a little bit of surgery.
Again, at the same time, you know,
you can afford to put him on the bench right now.
The Beads are kind of in this sort of playoff spot.
Not a bad thing at all.
Get his legs some rest.
As long as he's able to get his reps back,
I'd say eight to ten games before playoffs.
Holy shit, you guys got to be impressed with their second line center right now.
You guys didn't see that coming out of nowhere.
Yeah, Eric Hall, definitely not.
He's been playing at a level above what we expected.
I mean, it's not a bad thing to be a bottom six guy.
I penciled in for that.
But he's been putting points on the board like crazy. And, you know, it's not a bad thing to be a bottom six guy. I penciled in for that, but he's been putting points
on the board like crazy,
and, you know,
he looks like a legit threat
right now.
This team, like we said,
they might not be a contender,
but they're a team
that people do not want to play,
especially if they're hopped up
on Marchy Munch,
Brad Marchand's new cereal
that he dropped the other day.
I guess it's like
a Cinnamon Toast Crunch
type of thing.
Pretty funny.
What other kind of endorsements, Bizments have you laughed at over the years
with players?
I mean, I did laugh at Sagan coming out with the cologne
and he had the tarp off photo shoot.
Somebody, I think it was you, G, you told me about Blake Coleman
having a pickle juice.
He does.
He was drinking pickle juice. He does.
He was drinking pickle juice during games, I remember.
Now that Dreisaitl's kind of pigeon-tossed me on the cologne and the fact that...
He calls you Wiz and Et.
Yeah, that too.
And that Sagan's already done it.
I'd be willing to collab with Taylor Hall on a lip gloss.
I think that would be a good one.
I was talking to Halls the other day.
Maybe a Burt's Bees.
We got to catch up.
A Burt's Bees type thing.
Make those big old lips look nice and shiny for him.
What do you got, G?
Blake Coleman's pickle juice is called P20.
Oh, real original.
What's that?
They say it helps with dehydration, but isn't it just brine,
like salty water that dehydrates you?
I never got that with pickles.
No, I think you're sweating a lot of that sodium out in all those electrolytes,
and maybe that pickles provide a lot of natural ones.
I don't know what other vitamins and nutrients that it would have
that would help you.
Does it say?
Yeah, the NHLPA says right here,
some studies have shown that drinking pickle juice
stops muscle cramps more quickly than drinking water.
The vinegar found in pickle juice triggers nerves,
which sends out a signal to muscles to stop cramping.
Interesting.
That's a pretty good definition.
I actually watched that first game.
Not pop like Ovi?
I watched the first game Lindholm played.
He was so good.
It was one of the best games I've seen a defenseman play this year.
I actually asked McAvoy, too.
He's like, I had no idea this guy was this good.
So them paired together with Gryzlik and Carlo and the other pair is a pretty sick top four.
So, yeah, I don't know.
It's like G actually, the big Bruins fan who hung out with the Blues after they won the Cup,
he said the Bruins have no chance this year with Holla as their second line center.
He's looked pretty good lately, though.
When did I say they had no chance?
You said they had no chance in the house
biz rented with Holla as their second line center.
Do you have any evidence of that?
Because there's no way I said
that. There's absolutely zero chance.
What did you say, Gene? I said they need a second
line center. I didn't say they have no chance.
When R.A. was just talking, R.A. didn't call the Bruins a contender. He said they might not be a cont center. I didn't say they have no chance. I was just talking.
RA didn't call the Bruins a contender.
He said,
they might not be a contender.
I turned my mic on,
I grabbed it and I was going to jump in and say,
I think the Bruins are a contender.
Even without their second line center that you said?
Yes.
Yes,
absolutely.
Okay.
Okay.
Fair enough.
He's played well enough to make you change your mind,
but I actually agree with RA.
I think they could do some damage,
but in the end,
it might be tough for them
to actually win the Stanley Cup this year.
I also said last podcast
that the Lindholm trade
changes the whole trajectory
of the franchise,
making them a contender
for years to come.
Wow.
I like, hey, I'm on board with you, man.
You definitely said that.
R.A., for you to say
that they have no chance
winning the Cup this year,
I was very surprised to hear
you just mention that.
Wait. You said they're not contenders. All right, for you to say that they have no chance winning the Cup this year, I was very surprised to hear you just mention that. Wait, when?
You said they're not contenders.
Well, I would say, no, I thought I said they're not a top contender.
I think they have a chance to win.
I think contenders are like the top three to five teams,
and the Bruins may be on a top three to five teams.
Well, I mean, buddy, there's said 15 games, 15 to 20 games left.
And the way that they're going right now,
they might end up winning that fucking division.
And I've also said, Paul, that I wouldn't be surprised
if any of 12 to 14 teams won the Stanley Cup this year.
So when I say not a contender,
I think, you know, in the traditional, like, top three to five teams since.
Kind of like how Minnesota's not necessarily a contender
because they're the third team out West right now.
You got Calgary and you got.
Okay.
All right.
I now know what you meant,
but by saying somebody is not a contender,
I would take it as there's no chance they win.
Okay.
Right.
I should have said a top tier,
like a,
you know,
top tier contender.
I could have said that better.
Right.
Yeah,
exactly.
They're going to tell me how Mary should come out with a chest waxing
product.
He's a hairy bastard.
Me, Giordano, and Getze can do like, you know, the head shave is what you do in the shower.
Those razors, you can hold in your hand.
I still don't have one yet.
You ever see those?
Yeah.
So when you're in the shower, you shave your head.
Is that how you do yours?
No.
Well, yeah, not with one of those.
I do it with traditional razors, just like shaving.
How do you not cut yourself?
Oh, I have.
Because that one must not stop bleeding yeah it's oh man i've gashed myself good but no i i've kind of you
know and practice makes not quite perfect but i've kind of gotten the routine down where you
almost hold like a pencil and you know you know where you're susceptible to get cut and stuff but
yeah i'm still lazy though because i got a haircut last week and I still haven't shaved it yet.
But I have figured out a routine.
Listen, you did mention Giordano about the shaving,
but let's go to his play.
I pulled up a tweet here.
What, you want to tee it up?
No, perfect segue.
The Leafs are in Boston tonight, matter of fact,
is that you brought it up again.
Okay, so there's two games that I have circled.
It's Leafs-Boston that's going to be dropping tonight.
And this podcast would have  or the game would have already been played
when this podcast comes out.
It is Carolina at Washington.
I've been taking some heat because of what I've said about Washington.
This is going to be a good test for the Washington Capitals.
Hey, they got two wins in a row.
I was questioning their goaltender.
Is it Vanacek?
Is that how you pronounce it?
He's been playing well.
I was not crazy about the fact that they weren't able to add in the goalie position at the deadline.
I do think that their back end is a little bit soft.
I got about 50 of Caps fans agreeing with me.
The way that the Carolina is going right now, not only defensively,
but the way that they're able to sustain pressure in the offensive zone,
they end up losing that game to New York the other night where they fucking
had them hemmed in the entire third period because Gorgiev stood on his head.
But true test, just like the Leafs had Florida at home and were able to conquer that game and show everybody,
hey, we're the real deal now.
We got a competent defenseman at the deadline, Giordano.
Morazic was really good too.
And Morazic's been great the last two games,
and I'm really happy for him.
Kind of like the dad knob situation where you get pigeon tossed
and you put on waivers and nobody picked them up and now he's back.
And, you know, sometimes, you know, it just,
you just need a little bit of a wake up call,
but he was definitely great down the stretch in that third period when the
wheels fell off a little bit, but great goal support.
I keep pumping buntings tires. He had no points in that game,
but all the intangibles, the little things that he does, the, you know,
stripping defenders, you know, creating turnovers,
drawing penalties in front of the net, getting to the rough areas.
Matthews, career high, 48 tucks.
I can't be harping too hard.
That was a sick empty netter, by the way.
He sailed it over everyone's head.
I can't be harping too hard on the MVP train right now
because there is a few other guys who have entered the
conversation as far as MVPs for their team I would say there's probably five to six guys who could be
in consideration right now but overall no dude they should do five finalists this year yeah want
to know mine before before let's finish the Leafs quickly uh Giordano though so far in his three
games has looked rock solid um solid, helping out offensively.
He hasn't got a lot of ozone starts, but just very solid.
He did have that crazy situation where they called him for a penalty,
and then he went to the box, and then they rescinded it.
I think more of  you think it was?
Yeah.
All right.
Did you watch the replay?
I didn't even touch him.
No, man.
I watched it 17 fucking times.
Did you watch the replay?
I didn't even touch him.
No, man.
I watched it 17 fucking times.
He makes contact with this skate and he falls within a point three seconds after that, man.
Look, I didn't know.
I know that once a decade.
Like, I know.
I just thought he thought I know it wasn't a traditional like pull the
front of your stick and pull a guy like a hook type trip.
But when you hit a guy skates and he falls, that's a fucking trip, man.
I thought that was like not textbook.
Fair enough.
But you hit a guy's skates, he falls within 0.3 seconds of it.
You tripped him.
I'm surprised, Biz, in your Leafs fandom and your Leafs underwear you wear,
you don't even ever, maybe not this season, mention Mikheyev.
The guy is one of their best players.
He's nasty.
He's one of the fastest players in the league,
and he really doesn't get credit from you and a lot of other Leafs fans.
So I'll shout out that guy.
I watched that whole game last night.
He scored that beautiful goal.
I think it was Marner's third assist.
He's a good fucking player.
He keeps getting better and better.
He's a great player and
i've been hesitant to shout him out i talked about him in playoffs last year he's always good in the
regular season and then all of a sudden he disappears and then all people are gonna say
ah that's the whole team shut the fuck up um one one so yes he's been he's had a great year and it
was a great breakaway goal went to the backhand sil Silky. How about Matthews completely ditching his breakaway for the pass over to Marner?
But the one concern I do have right now, and I don't want to pick on the fourth line,
they're just generating nothing.
They're not doing anything.
I think that there might have to be a little bit of a shakeup.
And you know the shakeup.
I don't know if he would fit in on the fourth line, but at some point in the next two weeks,
the university of Minnesota is going to be finishing up their season.
And they look,
they're moved on to the final four.
It's in two weeks in Boston.
They will either lose or win,
but come the end of two weeks from now,
Matthew Nyes could sign a professional contract with the Toronto Maple
East and hop right into their lineup.
They said he could be the next Matthews.
I wouldn't go that far, but he is, I mean,
he could be a legit top two line scorer in the NHL.
And I remember years back, years, Jeff Farkas,
a big time prospect who played at Boston College.
He left, I think he left BC after his junior or senior year.
Or whatever.
It might have been after his junior year.
If it wasn't, it was right after his senior season ended.
And he hopped right into the Leafs lineup.
And he made a difference in the playoffs for them.
And this guy probably has a higher ceiling than Jeff Farkas,
who was a big-time player.
But you could see Matthew Nyes get into this Leafs lineup
and really make a difference.
Yep.
That'd be great to see.
They need something right now.
The fourth line has been atrocious.
I think they just signed somebody from Harvard too.
Maybe he hops in.
Who knows?
Maybe they should reverse those drew house jerseys and see how they play
with the fucking.
I got one on right now.
I liked them.
I liked them.
Oh,
let's see him.
This people,
people were pissed that they had the yellow and then people were making the Boston Bruins jokes. Oh, maybe's see them piss. People were pissed that they had the yellow,
and then people were making the Boston Bruins jokes. Oh, maybe if they look like the bees, they can get past them.
Yeah, they have like a Watchmen smiley face vibe on them,
like that whole Drew House thing.
I don't feel like flipping it over right now.
I have it on the side that they wore it in the game.
I guess if they make it reversible,
then how come they don't let them play with the reverse side?
I know they wore them in warmups, but I mean,
if you make a big deal about the Jersey, let them play with the.
Did they actually say that they weren't allowed to,
or did they choose not to?
I would, I'm,
they would probably have to get permission from the NHL to like petition it,
to use them.
I don't know if they did that,
but I think they just selling it as reversible wit,
but they're playing with the, obviously the Leafs on one side one side i guess the thing is if you're going to sell it as
reversible like you would think they would play with it no am i being like maybe they are down
the road i don't know that information but as of right now i do like the side that it's on
and i think it's more for fans where they get to kind of wear two different types of looks
and given the fact that these things aren't cheap and the fans are digging
into their pockets and tickets aren't cheap either they figured hey why not give back and make it a
two-for-one special baby all right moving right along with traded players ricard raquel had a
goal and two assists uh and i think it was his third game with pittsburgh as they hung 11 goals
on the detroit red wings just an absolute thrashing 11-2 win. The first team to score
11 in the cap era.
Since the Capitals back in
2003. And just the third team since
1996 to put 11 or more
on the board. Also the first
time the Penguins have scored 11 since
way back in 1993. Back in the
Jagger-Mario days. And the fifth
time as a franchise they've hit
11 or more goals.
Gino had his 13th career hat trick and an assist.
Penguins have been humming lately, man.
They can't catch Carolina, but they've been humming.
Only three points back.
Carolina does have two games in hand.
And let's see, Gino, like I said, he has his 13th hat trick.
Still a long way to go to catch Mario.
Mario had 40 hat tricks as a Pittsburgh Penguin.
What do you got in the pens for us, buddy?
Well, it was a big-time effort, and they really needed to have it
because they got pumped, I believe, by the Rangers.
Was it a couple nights prior to that?
And to have a big bounce-back game at home.
But Detroit, oh, my God.
The wheels have fallen off.
I think a month or two into the season,
they might have been one of the top three teams in the Atlantic Division
where you had these two-star rookies.
Larkin's still having a career year, and you saw some promise,
and it's like, oh, my God.
They made that trade for Nadelkovich,
and I was one of the people who was all over Carolina for getting rid of him,
but maybe they knew something,
and maybe the team defense in Detroit has been so bad where it's really hard for Nadelkovich to even look remotely good.
But this team sucks. They're 32nd in the league in goals given up. They've given up in games this
year. One goal, two goals, three goals, four goals, five goals, six goals, seven goals, eight goals,
nine goals, 10 goals, and then 11 against the Penguins. So it's one of the all-time worst defensive teams you've
seen in years years and for a team to get 11 on another nhl team it hasn't happened since
2003 i think if you just said that ra i apologize i was kind of reading some notes about detroit
how pathetic it's been so i don't know if blashill can can kind of keep his job after this year. This will be his seventh or eighth year.
The team needs to make some steps forward.
I still think the future is bright there, and they got these young stars,
but it's like, wow, the whole season is completely falling off the rails.
And the other night was one of the craziest things I've ever seen.
And that's coming from a fan of a team who gave up fucking nine.
We looked like the 2000 New Jersey Devils compared to the Wings
against the Penguins.
You mentioned the bright spots.
I mean, they're going to have first and second runner-up to the Calder this year.
Great effort from these young guys.
If anything, if you're a Detroit fan, you're probably happy that they were
as good as they were early in the season so you can enjoy it,
feel like you're in the race.
And then now that you're getting to the last 20 games of the year you want you want the wheels to fall off
because all you want is a top draft pick and when they've drafted in that sixth overall range they've
been able to turn out some studs right so you don't want to draft in the middle of the first
round that's when it's harder to end up getting a guy who's going to contribute to your lineup
mind you the argument is a with stevie wyan crew now doesn't matter where the fuck they're
drafting they're going to be pulling rabbits out of their ass in the seventh round um you mentioned
nadalkovich ugly they got rid of letty and i forget the other guy's name at the deadline so
you know the defense is going to get worse um and yeah just a very disappointing ending and I can't imagine they will stick with this coach
much longer if this is the way at the end of the season you got you got to imagine they might want
a new voice in that locker room heading moving forward they've lost 10 of their last 12 yeah
the media is starting to get loud about it up there for Blazel. The Wings surrendered nine plus goals for the
third time in the last
14 games.
That's an
incredible stat
in the current NHL. Even though the scoring's
up this year, it's still wild to hear that.
Let me ask you guys a question.
Who would you bring in as a coach who'd be
available right now?
I was going to say, do you think there's a chance that they bring Babcock back?
No fucking way.
Did he coach Iserman?
Did he ever coach him?
I'm not going to say no.
He might have.
Yeah, you know what?
I think he did because Cleary played with Iserman on a line.
Did Cleary ever play for anyone else in Detroit besides Babcock?
Iserman only played.
Cleary ever play for anyone else in Detroit besides Babcock? Iserman only played.
Iserman did indeed play for Mike Babcock in the 2005-2006 season.
Okay.
He didn't win a couple of them.
I'm coming home.
I'm coming home.
That's a good question.
Well, Iserman, man, I wouldn't be surprised if he goes off the grid,
assuming he doesn't bring Blaisdell back.
Hey, he hired John Cooper.
Bingo. He also, what, was he there when bring Blaisdell back. He hired John Cooper. Bingo.
Was he there when Guy Boucher came in too, or was that pre-Eisman?
Either way, Eisman's not afraid to go off the grid and bring in a guy.
That would be a fun question for our fans to answer,
where we maybe post it, Guy,
and we'll go back when they eventually hire a new one if they do
and see if somebody pulled it off the board.
You've got to imagine there's some college coach that people are crazy about
who they think believed to get their chance or some junior coach.
That Wings team, I spent last year went 58-16-0-8.
Wow.
Datuk had 87 points, Zetterberg 85.
Shanahan had 81 points, 40 goals that year.
Lindstrom had 80 points in 80 games.
What a fucking run that team had.
20 frigging years of that.
I wasn't done with those savage numbers either.
The Red Wings, in addition to the nine-plus goals
for the third time in 14 games,
seven-plus goals for the ninth time this season,
the most since 88, 89 for the Red Wings.
And they've surrounded five or more goals in 13 of their last 26 games.
Like those, I mean, just obscene, obscene numbers for a team defense anytime,
no matter what era.
But either way, like I said, that's good, man.
If you're a Red Wings fan, you should be happy about that
because they're not going to playoffs and they'll approve their draft position.
Hey, how about these Moritz Seider reverse hits
coming out one after another?
Stop trying to hit him.
Stop trying to hit him.
Those are beautiful to watch.
He is blowing guys up.
I know.
I mean, it's not like he's pronging his size,
or like Oleksiak's size, like the 6'8 guy.
I think he's 6'5", 6'6", 230, though. I mean, he's not like he's pronging his size or like Alexiak size, like the 6'8 guy. I think he's 6'5", 6'6", 230, though.
I mean, he's a monster.
Was that my best hot take this year, saying he's the next pronger?
Is he that?
He's that big for what?
Maybe not 6'6".
And fuck, maybe he's not even 6'5", but he's big.
He's big and heavy.
Like, he's not one of the tallest players in the league, but he's a
monster and he's young
and he is burying people on those fucking
reverse hits. Even his clips of the year before
in the SHL in Sweden
where he was defenseman of the year, he was killing
guys like people say he's dirty
over there. He's just lighting everyone up.
6'4", 207 is his size.
There's no way he's 207,
but yeah, so he's tall at least.
Definitely heavier than that.
I think he's heavier.
All heavier.
That could be his draft number, you know?
Well, you boys teams had quite the battle Saturday night
in the latest battle of Alberta.
Calgary blew out Edmonton 9-5.
Unreal game.
And this is highly entertaining game.
We had all kinds of
scoring, all kinds of Johnny
all over the place. Five assists.
Man, this guy is going to get absolutely paid
this summer. 90 points for the
second time in his career.
I know everyone's picking on the Edmonton
goaltender, but their Team D was just
absolutely porous. I know the goalies weren't
great, but they were hung up to dry
quite a bit in this game.
The Flames now lead the Oilers by 11 points in the division.
Even the Edmonton social media had enough.
They tweeted out the game and they just said,
Google it.
Literally just said, Google it,
because they're so fucking done with getting beat up by Calgary.
Leon had a hat trick and he ended up a minus four.
That's the first time that's happened since 1983.
A little weird statistical anomaly.
But what?
I don't know, man.
You might have to get that passion of the Christ cross ready to go there.
The earring shop.
There was a span in December and January.
I think the Oilers lost 13 of 15 games, if not more.
That was the lowest moment of the season for me.
I planned my entire Saturday around the game because it's a late start.
So I wanted to get all this stuff done.
I knew I was going to be up late watching it.
And while having a blast watching, at least through halfway of the game, when it was six to five Calgary with like 13
minutes left in the second period I was so embarrassed and disgusted by the end of it
the the Oilers the Oilers team defense while being amazingly improved five on five under Woodcroft
is still so bad that I actually tweeted Paul Koskinen.
And then I think I might.
No, I didn't tweet.
Paul Smith put Koskinen back in.
It didn't even matter.
Koskinen was on the bench after he got pulled. He looked like he just took a cross-country road trip with Snoop Dogg
and Willie Nelson in the car.
He was like, what just happened?
Dude, they had the Oilers got outscored nine to two.
Five on five.
Yeah.
I mean, it's like every time they play Calgary, I'm like, oh, they got it.
If they get this one, the way they've been playing, they're playing great.
Now they have they have Arizona.
Well, last night, as you're listening tonight, as we record, they better come up and show like the look like the Penguins did against the
wings because that game was so pathetic and just shows how they are not even on
the same planet as the Calgary flames as an overall team. Yeah.
Power play wise, they're probably better than them. Other than that,
it's like, what is going on? It's just there's no respect to the game of defense from the entire team.
Like, Nurse has had a couple tough games.
Duncan Keith, you know, he's looking a little bit older.
CeCe gets shit on by the fans.
He didn't play great.
Nobody played great.
He gets shit on wherever he goes.
He's like a Jack Johnson.
Dude, those goals.
There wasn't even anyone near the goal scores.
The Goudreau assist, the assist he tight turned and then fed Shillington.
That was such a sick play.
Goudreau, I mentioned my, I wish there was five MVP candidates this year.
Shesterkin in no particular order.
Goudreau,
Makar,
Yossi,
Matthews.
Either one of those Edmonton Oilers guys aren't on my ballot for MVP.
And they are these incredible world-class talents.
They could probably play better team defense,
but the whole team as a whole,
the entire team as a group,
just has no time and no effort to try to play
defense in their own zone. It's wild
to watch, and that game was a low
moment, because if they were to somehow
play Calgary,
they would get fucking trounced
in the playoffs. That's an honorable moment for
you, Whit. I'm going to applaud that for you saying
that you don't have either of your Oilers.
R.A., want to fucking help out here the only chance i have the only chance i have is that
la stays in the second or third spot in the pacific the oilers get the other spot in pacific
they can beat la and then maybe Calgary gets like Dallas or Vegas.
Yeah.
It's a tough,
or,
or,
or it's just a grind of a series to where it wears them down a little bit.
Now they weren't winning that game.
The minute Milan Luchich walked in with that.
Oh,
what an entrance.
I think he just whacked somebody from the Donnie Brasco said,
no,
he sold it.
He sold a used car.
And then he came over to the rink.
He sold,
he sold his truck with the, with his number. That. No, he sold a used car, and then he came over to the rink. He sold his truck with his number in the address.
He was raising Ramones.
That's like that's a.
R.I.P.
When you see a guy walking like that, like with that jacket on,
with that swag.
Didn't he run somebody over for shit?
A bad motherfucker.
So, Witt, you kind of touched on it.
Calgary's ability to score five on five is, it's just amazing.
They play great team defense.
We mentioned their goaltending.
I actually feel like an idiot here because I didn't even mention
Mitchie Marner when we were talking about the Leafs,
but most points in the last 30 team games, Mitch Marner leads away with 53,
but right underneath that, Johnny Goudreau and Matthew Kachuk tied at 47.
That top line, overall full body of work,
might be the best line in the NHL all season long.
I think that's a very fair statement.
They've been able to stay healthy.
You mentioned Johnny Goudreau getting the bag.
Matthew Kachuk is also going to get the bag.
It's a shame that they're not going to be able to probably keep both these guys.
When's his deal up? One more year?
No, he's up, dude. He signed a three-year deal.
Kachuk's up? Yeah, he's up dude he signed a three year up yeah he's up he
signed it he signed a three-year deal where it went five million seven million nine million so
in the last year which is this year where he's making nine his qualifying offer i you know he's
he's basically at nine and a half already if he's going to sign the draw is going to be a flyer
so it's going to be difficult to keep both those guys but the reason at you know maybe
three four weeks ago I was hesitant to throw Johnny Goudreau in the mix was you know all these other
guys were having these insane seasons well 90 points you mentioned 70 of which at even strength
that's first in the National Hockey League for Johnny Goudreau and 90 of his points are primary so either the goal
or primary assist and that ranks 12 in the National Hockey League so he's driving the bus
on the top line the league they're able to punish teams five on five which we all know is the hardest
way to score now especially with the way that all teams play team defense. So just overall, man, Johnny Goudreau needs serious consideration for MVP.
And that has happened probably more so in the last, as I mentioned,
three to four weeks, especially in the last 30 games,
being second only to Mitchie Marner with 47 points in that period of time.
Have you ever heard of a more quiet sixth in the league
in scoring than kachuk this year no it's like i didn't even i didn't even like know it was going
that well now granted i should have with that line but what a season what a team what am i
gonna say right now so i just i just have to hope that they lose first round and that we get in and
we and we lose first round.
Because I don't see how we're going to win.
Guys, if I could just jump in real quick.
I tweeted out that Red Wings question.
And there's an overwhelming favorite.
And it's Igor Larionov, who was the Russian Olympic coach this past season.
And then right after that, it's Nick Lindstrom.
And then Joel Quenville.
Guys, Nick Lindstrom doesn't want to hang out behind the bench.
There's not a chicken dick's chance after playing the career that he had.
He's like, fuck, no.
But Igor Larionov.
That's interesting because it's like Coop.
Like you guys said, it's like kind of off the map there.
And that's how he wants him playing.
You know, I have been respecting a lot of them.
Right.
And he obviously has an affinity for Russians as well.
Form a teammate.
That's an intriguing name, G.
Wow.
Biz, your Capitals take is just gleaming right now because they've given up two goals in the first eight minutes.
They look horrible.
And Caroline is just dominating.
Be careful.
You might have the fan base sending anthrax.
Oh, you think I'm worried about fan bases coming at me?
I've had fan bases threaten my life for three fucking years in this podcast.
You think I give a shit?
I'm an honest, unbiased hockey reporter.
You know what fan base should be kissing my ass right now?
The Buffalo Sabres.
I have galvanized this group.
You're going to get suckered at the Chicklets Cup in July.
Colin Miller.
Colin Miller, a defenseman for their team, reached out to me saying,
hey, what's your problem, bro?
What's my problem?
I'm fucking waking your fan base up.
All of a sudden, I've galvanized not only the players,
but the fan base to come together and hate my guts to where all of a sudden
you're winning some fucking hockey games.
All of a sudden, not only that, it's pouring over into Bill's Mafia.
You're welcome for your new stadium.
All of this has happened after I shit on you guys.
You should be fucking kissing my ass.
You can just be kissing my feet.
And you could do so.
We'll set up a kissing booth at the Chicklets Cup.
We could do it where they break ground for their new stadium.
So shut the fuck up, Buffalo Sabres fans.
You're going to be Chris Rock and some giant monster named Harry from Buffalo
with his high school ring on.
It's going to be a great opportunity.
Paige Thompson, he's going to get 30.
They got their next captain, Tuck, who we've had him on.
We gave him the chicklets bump to come on over to you guys.
Skinner's back at his goal-scoring pace.
I'm very happy for Jeff Skinner.
Yes, same here.
He's taking a lot of shit.
Same here.
And it's been a really tough couple years.
And to have 27 goals now, good for him.
You're welcome, Sabres fans.
What else do you got as far as what they've been doing in the last little bit?
I mean, you're trying to say thank you to me.
You shit on them calling them scumbag losers.
It's not about you told them to wake up and start rooting for their team.
You said they were asshole clowns.
They don't like you. It's not about you told them to wake up and start rooting for their team. You said they were asshole clowns.
They don't like you. And Krebs, the other guy who came over for Eichel, he had a comment.
No egos in the locker room.
We're all galvanizing as a group because that idiot Bissonette.
You don't think that they're all talking about this?
Colin Miller reached out to me via text.
They're fucking talking about it.
I know.
I'm going to say it again.
Yeah, Biz. Points in five straight. going to say it again. Yeah, Biz.
Points in five straight.
Points in seven of eight.
You're welcome.
They're playing with purpose.
They look like a much different team than they did early in the season.
Tage Thompson and Jeff Skinner both have 27 goals.
Kyle Ocposo, 16 goals, the most he's had in five years.
Another guy.
21 assists.
Alex Tuck, our buddy, eight goals, 18 assists in 34 games, plus three.
He's the only plus on the roster.
And Rasmus Darlene, he looks like he's sort of around to that corner,
that developmental corner as a defenseman.
So nice to see that he's gotten there.
And not to cut you short, on Buffalo, we're not done with Edmonton quite yet because they did a very good thing last week.
Let me just find my notes right here.
Yeah, before you go to that, you're not cutting me short.
They're finally cutting the cord on Jack Idico,
which I told them to do, and they've done,
and now they're starting to win some hockey games.
I was just the bearer of bad news.
Okay, you were the midwife.
I'll be your bad guy, Buffalo Sabres fans.
You were the midwife of bad news.
You're welcome.
Just make sure you get my ring size in Buffalo. And don't, Buffalo Sabres fans. You are the midwife of bad news. You're welcome. Just make sure you get my ring size in Buffalo.
And don't worry, Sabres fans.
When your team's good in two years,
Biz will pick them to win the cup.
So you're all set.
Seven other teams, too.
I can't wait to go to Buffalo.
I have three teams, guys.
Today.
Either way, the Oilers did a fantastic thing earlier in the week.
Absolutely great thing.
They brought in a young brain tumor patient, Ben Stelter,
to be their flag bearer.
He joined them in the locker room and on the ice for the anthem,
and they kind of fist bumped them in the way.
These type of things always give you goosebumps.
They melt your heart, especially when the little man's going through
a medical situation.
And the way these guys treat them, you just can't sit there
but get overwhelmed by it.
It was so amazing, honest to God.
I really have a tough time talking about stuff like this,
seeing Ben and seeing the support that he got,
seeing what he's doing, and then looking at my own kids.
I'm telling you, it is really difficult to think about.
But thankfully, the Edmonton Oilers put on an amazing show for him.
And God bless him.
God bless his family.
And everyone's thinking about him.
And that's what makes sports so great is that you can see moments like that
help somebody that's going through the toughest fight of their lives.
So God bless that kid.
Yeah.
You can follow his father on social media too.
Like a lot of amazing posts, inspirational.
It's M underscore Dan 25.
And he just gives tons of updates on Ben and where you touched on after the game,
they ended up giving him the bucket and then the vest as well.
And just made a very special night for this kid.
And post-game press conference with Hyman was funny.
Maybe we could roll the clip if you got it.
All right, ready?
All right, let's push you in here all right hey ben how are you good what did you think of the game today
really good how'd you think zach Hyman played today? Good. I think he played really good.
Thanks, Ben. Ben, who's your favorite oiler? McDavid and Joyce. That's a pretty good bet,
even though I said it right beside you. No offense taken. No offense taken. That's a tough
one to beat, hey, Zach? Yeah. So Zach so just they just they rolled out the red carpet
for him and this is really what it's all about
guys and it's
it's devastating no kid should have to go
through this and it was nice of the others to make
his dream come true no doubt
is and I also want to give a shout out to
Carolina's Ian Cole I'm not sure
if you guys caught this he had an interaction online
with a young fan named Lorelei
her dad said she's autistic and she lost her tooth and she was upset I'm not sure if you guys caught this. He had an interaction online with a young fan named Lorelei.
Her dad said she's autistic and she lost her tooth and she was upset about it.
You know, I guess she has a difficulty with change.
So he showed her a picture of Ian Cole online, you know, say, hey, this guy lost his tooth too. And he wrote back to her, ends up inviting her to a game.
She comes to the game, gives her a signed jersey.
And it's just a great picture of Ian Cole sitting in the hallway in the hallway like you know sitting down like what a little kid playing with
her stuffed animal and it's just like i'm not saying like other guys do it in other sports but
to see the image of him just taking 10 minutes out of his day to sit with like this five or six
year old girl and talk to her gives her a signed jersey man it's just it's just beautiful to see
man this little girl is you know lose a tooth has has you know has an episode about it or whatever and ian cole comes over to the rescue and i don't
know man it's it's heartwarming stuff to see this stuff and i don't we love when these hockey guys
do it biz uh did you happen to catch that i did i think that i think their original post was a
couple weeks ago wasn't it and then finally they connected and then and then he brought her over
to a game so just a class act and we were actually able to spend some time with him in St. Louis
when he was there.
And then he ended up getting moved over, won a couple cups.
Hitch was all over him, I remember.
Yeah, great.
Hitch tortured that guy.
Yeah, he did.
He's a Stanley Cup champion now.
Absolutely.
And he did a very good thing.
And we are going to get some Milan Hey Duke shortly,
but there was one other game.
We just talked about the Battle of Alberta.
One other game, great Sunday game, Minnesota-Colorado.
We know Minnesota's not going to catch them for the division,
but they still want to smack them in the mouth when they can.
The Wild tied it with a little over five minutes left,
then won 3-2 in OT on Kevin Fiala's 22nd of the year.
The Wild's sixth straight win.
Also the first team to have three six-game winning
streaks this season, and it's the first time the
Wilds have done that in their team history.
The Avs outshot them 42-29.
The Avs have also scored a power play
in seven straight. Even
though this was in the pregame biz, I don't know if you saw it,
it was Delaria
McDermott, the opposite of Tummy Sticks.
We thought we were going to get some fisticuffs on him, but
it was Matt Dumba and fucking Nate McKinnon who ended up scrapping.
Not what we saw coming.
Biz, what would you take on that stuff?
No, I mean, listen, you guys know my feelings on Nate Dog
flipping off Aunt Marsha and my feelings towards him and the Coyotes,
but major respect for being a team guy there.
A lot of conversation online whether
dumba went high on ranting or not but nate dog doesn't give a fuck you hit one of his teammates
like that the wires cross he's going over there to protect them and and do what he can do what he
can for the team and i i respect superstars who are willing to do that job as well so uh shout
out to the nate dog for that but you're not in the clear we're gonna get you at asu next year buddy i'll pump your tires and and dumba's quote
was um you know i have a ton of respect playing against nate we love i love going to battle
against him and he just it was one of those things where i agreed he came over and asked me i
respected him for it there's a good fight he kind of won he mckinnon definitely won the fight and
interestingly enough i think it was the game or two before Kadri fought and they asked Bednar about it. And he's like, I don't
love seeing these guys fight. But then right when it's over and nobody has a broken hand or a broken
orbital, I say, oh, OK, it's great. So it really is one of those things where you got you got this
team that's looking to finally win a Stanley Cup with this amazing core they've had.
And let's maybe now not fight the rest of the season,
but it's really hard to take the DNA out of this team
where they care about each other
and they stick up for one another
no matter how many games are left before the playoffs start.
It's just like, you're in the game,
you're in the heat of battle.
You're not even thinking about,
oh, the playoffs start in three weeks.
It's just like an initial reaction
to one of your boys getting run over. So I it was awesome landy's doing it too it's like
every single one of their stars are willing to scrap yeah it's good shit uh what he said uh
dumba yeah i was ready for it it was a mutual agreement to go i know nate we have fun battling
against each other it was good like that's i love that shit man yeah we fought and they both love it
man it's like that's people like, why is this still fighting hockey?
It's like, because motherfuckers want to fight each other.
Nobody has to fight if they don't want to.
If two guys want to fight and get whatever they have to get over,
it's awesome, man.
It's good shit.
That's a perfect example of it.
Boys, I think we should probably send it to Milan.
Hey, Duke, right now.
This guy, avalanche legend.
We have a pleasure to talk to him.
Another European guy. We love talking to the Euros, so we legend. Pleasure to talk to him. Another European guy.
We love talking to the Euros, so we're going to send it over to him. But first, we're going to let you know that
this interview was brought to you by
Cross Country Mortgage. If you want to
win the Stanley Cup, you need a championship
team. If you want to win at buying
a home, you need the team at
Cross Country Mortgage. They're your
goalie, your defense, and your forwards.
When the gloves come
off, you can count on them to back you up and get it done. CrossCountry Mortgage has a team of loan
offices dedicated to getting you the best possible loan terms available. They have an average close
time of 21 days, which is ridiculously fast. My boy Devo, he gets it done. They've got a wide
variety of loan types,
which means they've got everything to cover everyone. And they have some exciting news.
They're giving away free Barstool and cross-country mortgage sweatshirts when you sign up to refi
or get pre-approval while supplies last. Take it from some guys that know how important it is to
have a team that's got your back. Cross- Mortgage is dedicated to getting it done for you.
Again, if you're looking to refi, looking to buy for the first time, these guys are
awesome.
They're going to take care of you.
So go to ccm.com slash boss tool.
So Cross Country Mortgage can take care of you through the home buying process.
Cross Country Mortgage, LLC, NMLS 3029. All loans subject to underwriting approval
www.nmlsconsumeraccess.org. And now enjoy Milan Haydou.
Well, it's a pleasure to bring on our next guest. This check forward was taken in the fourth round
of the 1994 draft by Quebec and he played his entire 14-year career with the Colorado franchise.
In that time, he was an all-star three times.
He made the all-rookie team.
He was a Calder Trophy finalist.
He won a Rashad Trophy.
He won a Stanley Cup.
He won an Olympic gold medal, and he had his number 23 retired by the Avalanche.
Thanks so much for joining us on the Spittin' Chicklets podcast.
Milan, hey, Duke. Milan. Hey,
Duke. How you been Milan? I've been good. What have you been up to man? Nine years flies by,
huh? Yeah, it does. It does. I'm just kind of bouncing all over the place right now.
Currently spending more time in Michigan where one of my sons play for the USA national team
development program. So we're kind of renting here and housing him for this year.
And next year we'll be back in Colorado.
Wow, that's really cool for your son.
And I'm guessing he grew up playing youth hockey in the Denver area,
which is probably continuing to get better and better.
Was that the case for him and some teammates,
like seeing the improvement pretty early on for these guys?
Absolutely.
Like since the Avs moved from Quebec to Colorado in 96,
you know, you can see definitely the boom in youth hockey.
You know, boys were once they got out of the AA hockey
and played AAA hockey for Colorado Thunderbirds.
And, you know, I was helping out coaching it also.
But you see the hockey is just getting bigger and bigger in Colorado,
which is great to see.
There's some good hockey players coming out of Colorado,
which before was not really the case.
So you had a chance at the end of your career, I'm guessing,
where your son was like five or six years old in the locker room.
Was it the usual you were not his favorite player at all?
It was somebody else?
Absolutely, yeah.
There was always some other guys.
And I don't think I was one of them.
That seems like that's the case.
I remember even Joe's hockey skates.
Joe was not their favorite player either.
It just happens.
But, you know, like all the kids, you know, the kids of the pro hockey players,
they go through, you know, we bring them to the locker room
and they just kind of get a taste of the pro hockey life and stuff like that.
So I thought it was really good for them.
From my understanding, you also had a rink
on your property with a zamboni is that true yeah we used to uh yeah we don't have it anymore but
yeah we used to uh it was like uh so for uh first thing what i saw was adam foot footer had uh
uh same thing basically uh building different different location endeavor uh his was outdoor
and uh and then we know, and it was awesome.
And we were talking, and he said there were some issues with,
especially when you're in Colorado, it's just the sun is so powerful.
You're a mile high.
Just to maintain outdoor rink is not as easy.
You have, like, let's say, leaf lands on the ice or something,
and the sun just hits on it and just burns through the ice.
So there are some issues out there.
So we had basically the same size, but just in different locations.
And it was indoor.
It was basically like a steel building.
And it was like 80 feet long and 40 feet wide,
like roughly neutral zone.
Did you have to learn how to drive the zamboni so the zap the zam is uh it was a small zamboni it was not a regular size
smaller zamboni they use them in some cruise ships have ice so this is what type of zamboni
they use it's uh it's a small small zamboni about six, seven feet long, four feet wide.
The gut of the Zamboni is just a water tank.
So you put hot water in it, and it doesn't collect the snow.
So you have to once in a while stop.
You have to shovel the snow in the pit.
But it was kind of cool.
I drove that Zamboni for sure. So it was kind of cool this is what you know I drove that Zamboni for sure so it was cool
I was basically a maintenance
guy for you know
ice maintenance guy so yeah part time
NHL or full time maintenance guy so your
kids can learn how to play hockey
absolutely
have you been keeping tabs on your old squad
you know
so I'm like we here and there,
we have some alumni events, some games,
guys come to town.
You know, you have more and more people
actually started living in Colorado.
Obviously, it's an awesome, awesome place.
So, yeah, over the years, been in touch with some.
All right, now we want to go back to your early days when you started playing hockey.
Now, communism was still around.
The Ion Curl was still around.
Were you familiar with the NHL growing up?
Did you see any highlights, or was it still pretty much?
It was kind of tough.
During the commies years, it was definitely anything coming from the West
was really not the thing that was was promoted that's for sure so uh but it
went the wall basically the barreling wall went down and the whole communist regime went down
i was about 13 uh and then things changed and there was some uh so it was around 1989
so i was 13 then uh then he had access after that he had access to uh uh you know NHL games and
stuff like that so then all of a sudden we knew what NHL was all about but uh before during the
communist regime really uh you know you heard about it but you know there was not much information
no uh no footage or whatever no videos anything like that um We had a great conversation with Patrick Elias,
and he kind of went into part of the issue now
is how expensive hockey is over there.
So was it the same for you where back then everyone was given gear,
everyone was given ice time,
and it just made it a lot easier for kids to play the way he told us it was?
Absolutely.
In a way, obviously the campus regime is brutal for just the normal living but for sports
it was good
that's basically
the regime's
way to show
the western countries that
our regime is better than yours
it was through sports basically
basically show them that we can
get more Olympic medals
and look good
in international competitions so they were pumping money in sports so basically growing up like you
got all the equipment it was free you know your parents didn't have to pay for anything so i think
part of it is probably why uh like patty like our generation and even older guys like Yags and Mario Ruzinski, Hasik, and these guys,
they all grew up in communist regime where everything was free.
I think the numbers of youth hockey players were up.
Now it's down because the cost, obviously,
it costs families more money than it used to be.
So that's probably part of a problem too, I think.
What made you fall in love with hockey in particular?
Did you play other sports growing up or did you always gravitate towards hockey?
And if so, was there a guy that you wanted to emulate or a guy that you looked up to and that's why you gravitated towards it?
Well, so my dad, he played hockey kind of on a first division in
czech a little bit and in the second division and then he coached so and he was running the
youth hockey program in my hometown my mom played tennis uh so uh i grew up playing both sports
about when i was 13 14 i decided to go with hockey, but I played both sports. Still love tennis. It's kind of, at least in old Czechoslovakia,
that was the common thing.
Guys played, wintertime, they played hockey
and summer tennis.
It was just really common thing.
And, you know, I played a ton of tennis.
I, you know, I like the sports.
So that was kind of two sports, what I did.
And my idols, really really well uh during the
communist times we all admire like the uh the the red army and you have the marker of larion of
krutov these guys just just cleaning up all the international competitions that's that's what we
had access to and uh once uh uh the you know, the wall went down,
then you start to see NHL guys and all kinds of,
Alex Mogilny, Temu Silani, you know,
how do you not like these guys?
They're rookie years and they, I mean, Temu's rookie year
and he scored, I don't know, 70 plus goals.
And so then, you know, you have access to NHL hockey
and you can watch NHL stars.
Now, had you heard of the Stastny brothers before the Berlin Wall come down?
Were you familiar with them at all?
Yeah, absolutely.
Yeah, they were the legends who obviously they actually left during the,
basically the way how you could leave was you have to defect
right like Alex Mogilny did
how Stassi
did
I remember that I think for a while there was
a rule that all
these you know
national team stars they could
leave after they
served I don't know how many years for a national
team they have to be over 31 then you could leave after they served, I don't know, how many years for a national team. They have to be over 31.
Then you could leave after that,
but it was usually past their prime time.
So if you want to leave earlier on your prime time,
you have to defect.
Being a fourth-round pick yourself,
you played for quite a while in check after the draft.
So, I mean, I'm noticing there was definitely probably one season
that you could have headed over, but you stayed for that fourth year.
Was that your decision?
Was that the Avs almost saying, you know, just wait it out?
Like, how did it all go down to wait that long
when you were really lighting it up in Europe?
Actually, it served me well, really, because, you know,
at 18, I was drafted by the Nordiques.
Then the team moved to Colorado.
I was at 18 I was drafted by Nordics then the team moved to
Colorado so I was
obviously nowhere ready to
to play National Hockey
League so it kind of served me well
basically it was like a minor league or playing
basically four years of college something
similar what guys do but I just played in
Europe which was you know
really pretty solid league and then
helped me well actually
I never went to any any training camp
really so uh after you know we won nagano and and uh and and that so then i i finally i signed so i
didn't i didn't go to training camp without a contract so uh obviously there was not much
interest from bs i was a late pick uh obviously there was there was a lot of guys ahead of me in the pecking order.
And so just kind of I developed my game in Europe and served me well.
Was it always the plan to go after that season?
Or did the Olympics have an impact in maybe playing with some of the guys
that had already been overseas?
I think it helped me for sure.
And probably kind of the ass
looking at me maybe a different way too.
You can compete on the highest level against NHL stars and be fine.
So maybe they thought this guy might be ready.
So that's why right after that I signed an NHL contract.
Was that your first time coming to North America when you went to training camp?
To Denver?
No.
Well, with, you know, the international, we played basically 17 and under or 18 and under, 16 and under.
We played some games.
And we were in Alberta.
We played the Viking Cup when you were 17 and under on the national team, actually with Paddy Aliash too.
So we visited the United States and Canada for a few times,
but in Denver, that was my first time.
What did you know about Denver or Colorado before you moved there?
Anything?
You know, not much.
You know, they have awesome mountains and pretty sunny state but
other than that not much and i knew they had a good hockey team obviously i uh i was a big fan
of chris drury because i was a you know always watched bu and so all of a sudden you guys are
rookies together i believe it's happened maybe three times since but you're both up for the
calder show if you actually had more points, but Drury ended up winning it.
But getting over there and having another guy in similar age to you,
obviously a big part of the team right away, it must have helped a ton
just to kind of feel more comfortable that you weren't the only rookie,
even though you were playing so well.
Absolutely. It was awesome.
Chris was my roommate actually a few times.
It was obviously difficult with me
so I showed up in North America I didn't speak
any English so that
obviously it was tough it was difficult
the apps kind of helped me
out with you know hiring some English
teacher but back to Chris
he was an awesome guy what a clutch
performer
definitely it helped so I was
not the only rookie there Chris chris was with me there
and uh you know he was a phenomenal player like when when the games were on the line
he was just phenomenal he you know he produced and what a competitor uh great guy and obviously
doing you're doing really fine job with rangers now yeah he is sorry just to go back to what you
said so that they the team hired you a an english instructor so is this kind of after practice a couple days a week you'd go over
and and just basically like talk with them or were you actually doing different grammar like how did
they go about teaching you that and were you almost almost a little annoyed like i want to
learn english but i really don't want to do this after practice right like you're you're absolutely
gas after practice right everything feels so hard to you uh you're you're absolutely gas after practice right everything feels so hard to you
uh you're you're tired after practice and then uh uh you have you gotta you know talk to the
english teacher for a couple hours a day uh but i i knew like it's it's better for me uh it's not
easy when you're in the locker room guys guys talking about whatever and and you you have no
idea what they're talking about. Same thing with coach.
So it was kind of a little bit difficult.
But I think in a way, once you get through it, it makes you tougher.
Like, I don't think nothing ever surprises you in life anymore.
And I think at the end it served me well.
But the first couple, two, three months were tough.
Milan, with some of the things I hear about Bob Hartley,
it's probably a good thing you didn't speak English.
I think so.
Bob sometimes went English, French.
And when he went French, he was not ugly.
And then he was kind of ugly.
Actually, Alex Tenge, it was my second year.
Alex Tenge came there too.
So when they started speaking French, he was my second year. Alex Tenge came there too. And yeah, so when they start speaking French,
he was usually not good.
But, you know, Bob was a tough coach,
but a very successful coach.
Anywhere he went, he won.
So credit to him.
Impressive.
I mean, I even heard, it might be a rumor.
Did it get to the point where even after you guys
had won your cup that he got locked out of the locker room?
Or is that just an old wise thing?
No, that never happened.
Okay.
It was just a rumor.
But I got to give you one story.
I think it was my first year.
So we were running some drill, and I screwed up the drill a couple times,
probably not knowing exactly what's going on there.
And Bob lost it on me, and he goes hey, Edgy, go sit on the bench.
So I'm sitting on the bench, guys, the practice is running.
And for like 15 minutes, I'm just watching the guys from the bench.
The drills aren't going on and I'm just watching.
That's unbelievable.
Yeah, that was tough, especially on the rookies but uh
you know this after the first year then then he was fine and he was actually really good to me
was that the first time that you'd ever experienced a coach that was maybe that intense and that hard
towards the players or had you yeah i mean in check you had some tough coaches but this this
was a different level definitely and uh you're like okay uh you
gotta deal with it but at the end i think it does make you a little bit tougher and things don't
surprise you anymore now uh one quick one more about bob harley here would he speak a little
bit differently to forsberg and sackick more so than the other guys though because i can't imagine
him raising his voice to sackick yeah yeah, yeah, like maybe a little bit.
But, you know, like I think at the end of the day, like boys,
they knew like he's, you know, he's meaning well.
But obviously, yeah, any coach,
you got to treat the top players a little bit differently, right?
They had a little bit longer leash than others.
That's just common thinking.
It was no different with Bob.
Did you know just how good those guys were until you started playing with joe um joe and peter yeah like i like heard about them and then once uh uh you step uh step on the
ice with them uh and especially like watching them and daily and uh you know during the practices i
think it it helps uh all players, not just me.
You see how they deal with different situations on the ice,
under pressure, what they do.
Obviously, it's awfully difficult to duplicate
because they're just superstars
and very few people can do this when they did.
But both really just hard workers and impressive players.
It definitely helped me to spend, you know,
be on the same line with them.
You know, my first NHL game was with Joe Sackick
and Keith Jones.
Actually, Jonesy passed me on my first NHL goal.
How the hell did Jonesy get on Sackick's line for Christ's sake?
I don't know.
He wasn't on the top line.
He could talk his way into any situation, Jonesy.
That's probably not enough.
I think he did.
The most legendary, I guess there's a lot of them for Peter Forsberg,
but the thing that I think of is the year, I think it was 0-1-0-2.
He missed the entire regular season, didn't play one game,
and comes back and leads the playoffs in scoring.
I know you've seen so many wild things that he accomplished, that must have been like mind-blowing to see him come back first
game of the playoffs after so long and just immediately light it up well it started basically
uh so 2001 we won the cup and uh and the training camp is in sweden and peter is big part of it
pete uh basically started up in in starg Stockholm. We have a training camp in Stockholm.
It was basically the same team when we won the Cup 1 plus a few other extra guys.
Peter announces there that he's retiring.
We were like, what?
No one saw it coming.
We were in Sweden right then.
Actually, the training camp was cut short because of 9-11.
The Twin Towers went down and we left the uh europe earlier because of that but pete pete had a prior that in sweden
he had a press conference and announced retirement i mean like wow what's going on here so pete missed
the whole i had a tough night at Cafe Oprah. Yeah, yeah.
Yeah, we spent some time there.
And so Pete announces retirement, misses the whole season.
Then he comes back and he just lights out in playoffs. He probably, I don't know, he averaged two points a game
or something like that in playoffs, missing the entire season. Like it's, you know, who can do know what he averaged, two points a game or something like that in playoffs, missing entire season.
Like it's, you know, who can do that?
Like, it's just unbelievable.
Impressive.
So at the time, I mean, was that already the beginning of the foot injuries that really plagued the rest of his career where he was?
Yeah.
Okay.
It was part of it.
Like he was dealing with some pain and it was just, you know, too annoying for him.
And he called it a quiz there.
And we just won the cup, right?
And we're just kind of ready to go for another round.
And arguably the best player is gone.
You're like, whoa, that was a massive blow.
Was Theo Fleury your first roommate on the road?
Yeah.
After, no, Theo was not the first roommate roommate but once we got him on a trip uh in on a deadline
yes teo was my my roommate yeah whatever you did that guy is oh my you guys had quite a few
characters on that team claude lemieux too so there was never a dull moment no it was not it
was uh definitely a live locker room and it was fun and and obviously when the team is winning then everything
everything is all everything is good and uh and that that was that was the case it was a really
fun atmosphere and fun to be around these guys an insane character i've always heard is sean
podine and and he was the first guy i think to leave his equipment on for 24 hours after you
guys won it no one like did you know that that going to happen or did you see him the next day?
Like, dude, you haven't showered yet?
Yeah, Sean didn't take his stuff.
He just kept it on.
So we're just going, you know, through downtown with the cup
and Paul's got the whole full gear on for, I think, like, yeah,
all day, 24 hours, whatever it was.
Yeah, it was absolutely beauty.
But, like, what a clutch player, too.
His line with was Eric Messier and Stephane Hiel.
And they were phenomenal.
Like, when we need to shut down other teams upon the top lines
or kill the last minute of the game, they were phenomenal
and really a big part of the playoff,
the Stanley Cup run.
And, yeah, Pozo is absolutely a great guy.
He's awesome.
I think living back in Minnesota now.
When I think back to that time period,
I would say probably the biggest rivalry in the NHL
became you guys in the Detroit Red Wings.
Had that already started before you got there?
Or do you remember the exact moment when it did transpire?
Well, actually, the nastiest stuff was before me.
So my first year was 98-99 season.
And I want to say the big fight when Lemieux and McCarty,
I think it was 97.
But it was still a massive rivalry.
Anytime we played them, even regular seasons,
were just holidays for everyone.
People got into it, both places, Denver or Detroit.
And then usually in the West, like in the late 90s,
you had basically four teams that battled it, right?
It was us, Red Wings, Stars, and Blues.
Those other teams were not really factors that much.
You know, it was pre-salary cap year up.
These teams were spending, and this is what it was.
And you knew at some point you have to go through Red Wings.
And they knew it too.
So that's how you build a rivalry.
When year after year you meet them in the playoffs,
you go distance, you go seven games,
and nasty stuff happens.
And that's exactly what it was.
Would you get a little extra nervous
before those types of games?
Or did you kind of embrace all the hate?
Yeah, I kind of embraced it.
Like, you knew that these games mattered more
than just regular, just other games for some reason.
And the playoffs is awesome. Just, just the intensity,
you know, the, the playoffs intensity is already, you know,
hyped up quite a bit and, and these games are even more. So I think, yeah,
had to be one of the best rivalry in, in, in, in hockey, you know,
these days.
I always wondered both guys who play with patrick boye because
there's times he's a snapshot there's times you can't score on i mean was this somebody in practice
you didn't even consider shooting high on like would he come flying out at guys if they fucked
with him yeah like usually rather keep it low but uh yeah that is such a competitive guy that uh
you know there there are some stuff,
you know, sometimes destroying stuff in the locker room, stuff like that.
When we didn't have the first or second good period, whatever, it happened.
Paddy was just a passionate guy.
But when the games were on the line, you want to have him in the net and on your side.
And, you know, Paddy won four Cups, Patty won four cups to it, to it. Canadians to it.
Yeah.
Just,
just tough,
tough competitor.
Uh,
he was,
he was passionate and yeah.
Uh,
especially young guys,
rookies.
You,
you,
you don't want to go near high or near his head or anything like that.
That's for sure.
Was he the vocal leader in the locker room?
Uh,
one of them. Yeah. There was, there was, there was a bunch of guys, but, uh, That's for sure. Was he the vocal leader in the locker room?
One of them.
Yeah, there was a bunch of guys, but Paddy sometimes snapped there.
All right, like things were not going well.
We were not playing well. And Paddy definitely let you know that this is unacceptable.
This just cannot continue.
And, yeah, he was one of them.
Not the leader, but one of them.
During the 2001 Stanley Cup,
you guys were actually down three games to two to the Devils.
Did any panic set in the room at all?
I know there was a lot of veterans in the room,
but what was the room like after you guys were down in that series?
Well, obviously, you were out to be in the opposite situation when you're up 3-2, but we're 3-2 going into New Jersey.
The Stanley Cup is ready there, right, for ceremony.
But we had such a veteran team that, you know,
not many things really rattled us.
That year we won the President's Trophy at 118 points.
I think we lost like 16 games that year we won the President's Trophy with 118 points. I think we lost like 16 games that year.
So the team is used to winning.
And even if you're down inside the series or down inside a game,
it didn't really rattle us that much.
You have that, you know, when you're part of the winning team,
you have the feeling, the confidence in the locker room
that nothing really rattles the team.
And obviously,
you can go the other way too
when you're part of the losing team.
It's just exactly opposite.
But like, you know,
we had a veteran team,
nothing really rattles them that much.
And I think,
what was the game?
3-0 or 4-0?
I think game 6,
something like that.
And we sent it to game 7 to Denver.
And a legendary hockey moment of Joe Sackick handing the cup over to Ray Bork.
I'm guessing nobody talked about that before the game.
Joe didn't tell anyone because there was a game to be won.
So how shocked were you and how memorable was it to see Ray Bork that emotional with all his family there?
Very emotional.
It was basically, it was actually ray's second year
with us so uh ray spent uh obviously the whole career in in in boston and then then uh we got
him on a deadline one year and uh uh the first year didn't work out second year uh we got it
done and it was such a treat to have ray with us, you know, such a competitor.
Like you really could see the preparation for the games and practices,
what he did, how much it meant to him,
and then what it takes to stay that long and play on that high level
for such a long time, what he did.
It was definitely  Ray was probably one of the reasons why we won it too,
because everyone was pulling for him too.
Not like we want to just win for him, but it was a big part of it.
You could see like how much it means to him.
And then, you know, watching him crying,
the whole family crying when we won it, and Joe hanging the cup.
It was just things that you'll remember the rest of your life.
Some of the stories that our fans like to hear are the ones not on the ice.
Is it true that one Halloween, Peter Forsberg dressed as Bill Clinton
and you went as Monica Lewinsky?
Yes, that's right.
How did you end up getting Monica?
Peter wasn't getting her.
Pete goes, do you have a costume for Halloween?
I'm like, no, I have one for you.
I'm like, all right.
I didn't know it was going to be this one, but I'm like, all right,
I'll go with it.
So this is what we did.
What are some of the other like funny off-ice stories
that you remember from your time in Colorado?
Like are there any ones that pop out in your head
of maybe silly situations you guys found yourself in?
Because I feel like that period of time in the NHL,
there was a lot more off-the-ice activities
where the guys might be a little bit more tame nowadays.
I think it was probably, I would definitely agree that probably these days
were definitely probably more fun for the players than it is now.
I'm not saying like it was less serious, but I don't know,
there's probably more money in it now.
And, you know, guys, the eating habits, what they have and everything,
it's just after the child that, it was kind of a little
bit more loose. I remember
there were some trips that we were taking
golf clubs with us.
Trainers are loading up hockey equipment
plus our golf stuff.
Guys didn't want to
rent clubs and just
bring their own stuff.
A lot of stuff is probably not shareable
some of it so it's just uh there were fun times it was kind of running uh really family oriented
club kind of kind of almost like a country club when you're winning everything is good you could
even tell because they ended up doing that like 24 7 style show on you guys and i'll never forget
that was when you guys ended up picking up Paul Correa.
And I forget who it was, but one of the guys was all over him
about how cheap he was.
Right, yeah.
Well, Tamu.
So, yeah, Tamu Solani and Paul Correa from Anaheim, from Ducks.
And, yeah, Paul was telling  Tamu was telling a story that Paul didn't,
you know, spend a dime really whatever
he made he made 40 million till that time and then he still has got 40 million on his in his account
uh i remember there was a there was a one story when uh uh when when you check in on the road and
uh so boys got uh in the pole korea's early, cleaned up everything there and just put a crib there.
Right, Paul?
I don't know.
He was 5'9", 5'10".
I don't know how tall he was.
So, everything is cleaned out of his room
and there's just a crib sitting in the middle of his room.
Oh, my God.
That is good stuff, man.
He had quite the pregame routine, though, with how he stretched.
Had you ever seen anything like that before,
like with all the yoga he was doing?
Yeah.
A lot of it he did actually in his hotel room.
We got from Tim.
Tim was telling us what Paul does, everything before the game there.
And, you know, when he was chewing his food, I don't know how many times he chewed it before he game there. When he was chewing his food,
I don't know how many times he chewed it
before he swallowed it.
Paul had different things.
Obviously, a phenomenal hockey player,
but just a little bit different approach
that the rest of us did,
but it worked for him.
He was a Hall of Famer.
I've got to imagine some guys
were probably teasing him
and trying to mess with mess with his
routine a little as well i even heard that if if his uh stick was a millimeter different than what
he he could feel it he could pick it up and tell that it was off by one millimeter yeah yeah like
so yeah yeah i was talking to uh trainers and uh yeah like when when so paul was using the two
uh that time uh two it that time there were no one piece
sticks so two piece they get
whatever eastern shaft and blade
so when you heat it up
and put it together and rest it on the wall
in his mind
he thought like it's gonna
change the angle a little bit
and it's gonna have a different lie
so they're supposed to put
the sticks opposite
the bottom down.
So when it cools down, it doesn't change the lie, I guess.
And there's probably something to it.
Just, you know, Paul liked his things.
And like I said, it worked for him.
In looking over your career, just the numbers are outstanding.
And I think 6 30 goal seasons,
one 40 goal season,
but Oh two Oh three,
you win the rocket Richard,
you get 50 goals at what point?
98 points.
It's like,
at what point in that season did you start thinking like 50,
50 is realistic.
I guess when you get 30 early on,
like,
and were you even thinking about it at all?
I think it was,
it was the season.
Actually when we didn't have a good start. I think in the fall, I think like November, maybe December,
I think Bob hardly got fired.
Tony Granato took over.
Tony Granato, he put Forsberg, Tang Tangier and myself on the line
and we started producing
and we
I want to say that we were probably the hottest
line in the league
that year so everything starts clicking
after Christmas
and we're scoring a bunch of goals
and obviously you cannot put up the
big numbers if the line or team
is not clicking
and and that's you know uh it was it was uh awesome combination uh just we're all three
different players and then just for some reason it worked out and uh i remember i got when i got
close to the 50 i think at the end i got got like seven, eight goals in the last four or five games.
No way.
Yeah, I was not thinking 50 at all.
Scored a 50 on the last game of the regular season.
Peter won, I think, the scoring title.
I think he got, whatever, 110, 15 points or whatever he had.
And I won.
So, actually, it was kind of a race between Peter and Marcus Naslund.
They were kind of fighting for the scoring title.
And I think it was myself and Todd Bertuzzi or Naslund also with goals.
It was getting close.
And I scored the 50th goal in the last game of the season.
What a memory that must be. That's sick.
Yeah, it was awesome.
I know you were the CEO in Colorado for
a spell. Was that the first time you were ever a captain
on any level?
Probably since
Peevee's, yeah.
Obviously,
I was the most experienced guy there.
We didn't have a good year.
So probably like early in my career,
we had all these good teams and everything was rolling.
And then I got a taste of some lean years too.
And when we got the second overall pick out of the season,
so it was one of them.
It was such a huge honor,
but just we didn't have the good teams these years. And that was one of them. It was such a huge honor. But just we didn't have the good teams that, you know, these years.
And that was one of them.
But definitely I enjoyed it.
It was such a huge honor.
And following the footsteps of Joe and Footer.
So it was great.
And basically I handed the C to Andy.
So that was cool.
I was going to ask you about that.
I mean, your numbers retired,
not just because of the early crazy offensive numbers in the cup,
but later on you turned into the veteran that you kind of got to meet
when you came over as a rookie.
So, you know, Landis Skog, Paul Stasny, Ryan O'Reilly
obviously isn't there anymore.
But how cool was it for you getting to stay with the same team
and then totally changing roles,
even though it might've been a little tougher
as the ice time started to dwindle a little bit?
Yeah, yeah, yeah, definitely.
You see, you know, when the offensive production goes down
and you start having different roles,
you're kind of mentoring more the younger guys.
But, you know, I saw when the rise of the Matt Duchesne
and Ryan O'Reilly, Paul Sassney, Landy, Landy came in
and it was just kind of the rebuilding,
the rebuild basically what was happening.
And, you know, I think the guys did a really good job.
And obviously sometimes it takes a little bit of time and uh so i was a captain one of you know one of the year that it
was just uh not the best situation the product on the ice but uh uh still a really good experience
and and be part of the young group was feels feels cool we kind of glanced over nagano and
i mean i gotta imagine that celebration going back home
with the gold medal where you guys i mean i don't even know if you guys were expected to medal in
that olympics because it was the first time that nhl players were allowed to go and then i believe
you guys end up upsetting uh the team canada gretzky doesn't shoot i gotta imagine you guys
are probably like what the fuck is going on over there? Absolutely, yeah. So, yeah, we're coming in.
I don't know if we were even dark horse of the tournament.
Obviously, we had some superstars with Hasek and Jager.
But, you know, second half of the team are guys from Europe like myself.
By that time, I played in Czech Republic.
Definitely coming in, there was no expectations whatsoever.
It was really cool.
First time ever the uh the nhl
players players were allowed to uh be part of the winter olympics and uh and we got in there and then
and started rolling and uh in in some uh quarterfinals we uh we beat uh loaded team united
states they just won was it 96 i get i want to say they won the Canada Cup, they were loaded
right, and we beat them 4-1
just roll them over
then Canada in the semis and shootout
like you mentioned, Gretzky
doesn't get picked
for the shootout, which
kind of, it was awkward
I'm like, where's Wayne?
and he didn't go, didn't get
the nod Wayne
he was at the end
of his career kind of
but still
how do you leave him out
but you know
no Canadian scored a goal
against Hasek
and then I think
I want to say Robert Reichler
got one against
against Paddy Raw
and we went in the finals
and in the finals
just a tough grinding
match against Russia
and then Peter Svoboda scored the only goal of the game And in the finals, just a tough grinding match against Russia.
And then Pires Vovoda scored the only goal of the game. And we won the gold.
And then, you know, obviously during the tournament,
you kind of hear what's going on back home.
And we got all these, you know, emails and letters from the fans.
And the whole country went absolutely nuts.
and letters from the fans, and the whole country went absolutely nuts.
And when we flew from Japan back to Prague, the celebration was insane.
It was just an awesome experience.
I don't know how many hundreds of thousands of people waiting for us there. It was definitely the, hockey achievement what the Czech Republic ever had.
Was that a private flight home or a commercial flight?
It was the government plane.
Okay. All right. They got your plane. I figured that. You guys must have got wrecked.
Yeah, absolutely crushed. Yeah, we were, you know, obviously a lot of celebration drinking on the plane
and jumping on the plane
and yeah
it was crazy
one of the assistant coaches
didn't
was not in the best shape
they
they had to carry him out
on the stretcher
just absolutely crushed
just
good memories
I would imagine
that was
given especially the fact
Patrick Waugh
was a snapshot
not something
that you would brag about or bring up later when you guys ended up being teammates yeah yeah
absolutely uh yeah well you know uh brought it up a few times probably not not Patrick's best
best memories but yeah he had a plenty of good ones but this one was not uh probably not the
best one um I was just gonna ask quickly before we get into,
we have your buddy Marty,
how this whole interview ended up getting set up.
Do you remember your rookie party, your first year?
Did you have to get up and tell jokes or dress up?
Yeah, it was down in Tampa.
So me and Chris, Chris really were the rookies.
And we both had to sing national anthems, actually.
So Chris is singing in the U.S. national anthems, and I was singing a Czech national anthem.
So that was the rookie party.
It was fun.
They were obviously all fun.
But then once you're not a rookie, you're enjoying them more, right,
all these years when the rookies are paying and you're having fun.
So it was all
good awesome well yeah so uh i had a friend from uh scottsdale cory works at the fairmont and he
said hey would you guys be interested in getting me on hey duke on the podcast i said absolutely so
he ended up putting me in touch with marty here who's just hopped on if you want to say hi
hey guys hey marty what's up how you doing buddy and what i found really cool was
the story that marty told me about how you guys originally met and now the charity work that you
guys are doing so i'm going to hand it over to marty and you guys are doing some amazing things
and i want you to kind of go to the full backstory as to how you guys bumped into each other at a
rink in denver and all this amazing charity work came to be. Yeah. Yeah, I'll take some of this, Milan, and you can jump in if you want.
But it was right when, I think, Milan, you were getting ready to retire,
not quite retired yet?
Yeah, it was during the lockout.
It was just a half season.
I think we were locked out until, like, January, I think.
So that was during the time when i was
coaching my kids teams right that's when we met first time i think yeah so i was actually going
to my my high level beer league hockey game and um and uh rolling in and and uh walking in with
bag over my shoulder and i see this guy mil Hayduk who I recognized instantly and um had two
little kids next to him and on each side of him and I of course went up and and like any fan would
would do that and introduced myself and I just started this charity that designed to help hockey
families in need about a year before that and and um uh introduced myself and he said man that
sounds kind of cool and I told him about a young man that had just been paralyzed.
And it was a pretty tough story. A kid named Cody that does had a few beers and college kid.
He's 21. So nothing wrong with that. And he did what the right thing that you'd hope your kids would do.
He actually decided to call his buddy and have his buddy pick him up and pick his car up the next day.
And in a twist of irony, they drove all of two blocks and were T-boned by a drunk driver without insurance.
And it changed Cody's life forever. It paralyzed him at that point.
And he was going through a really down time at the time.
He was a recipient of ours and I got to know him and his family.
really down time at the time he was a recipient of ours and I got to know him and his family and he literally chose to play hockey as a little boy because of Milan Hayduk and so I told Milan
that story and said would you be able to sign something for this kid and and Milan instantly
said yeah that'd be great and I didn't have anything so he said give me your phone and
literally Milan put his phone number me your phone and literally Milan
put his phone number in my phone and handed it to me I went down the locker room and told all the
boys I just got met Milan Heyduk and got his phone number and they were like whatever guys
they said it's like that's like the hot chicken high school that gives you
it's really it's it's Taco Bell or something but I got but so the next morning i i picked up the phone
and and wanted to come by the the practice and i i called it and sure enough it was one hey duke
i was like that's pretty sweet so um ended up showing it as showing up at his practice that
day where like you said he was on on a lockout and coaching these little guys and he came out and um and i had a jacket on with the dog logo on kind of
right on uh with like the shirt i got on right here and um and he said wait a minute and he went
to his puck bag and he reached in and unbelievably pulled out a dog nation puck and he goes i didn't
know what this was for and i so he goes tell tell me a little bit more about it. Because our meeting was super brief in the lobby of this rink.
And so I told him about it.
He goes, that's really cool.
And he signed a couple things for Cody.
And then I said, would you be up for picking up the phone and calling him?
And I know he'd be blown away.
We're not going to use your phone.
So he's not going to have your cell phone number and we'll call him off of mine.
And Cody answered and it wasn't a Zoom or anything. So just a voice.
And and I handed it to Milan and he's I can't even imagine Cody on the other one.
This is Milan Heyduke. And I was I I know it probably meant the world.
I know for sure it meant the world, Cody, but I thought it'd be a two minute, not even that 30 second conversation. But, but this guy that you're talking to right here, he told me, he said, you know, okay, if I, I can't hear very well, I'm going to take this in the coach's office. And he went in and two minutes went by, five minutes went by, 10 minutes went by.
And I was thinking Milan Haydick just stole my cell phone. But he came out after that and he kind of had tears in his eyes.
And I said to him, I said, thank you for doing that.
And Milan looked back at me and said, thank you for letting me do that.
And that's really kind of when our friendship started.
And, and, uh, he asked me if I ever see Cody and I said, you know, he's really down right now. So,
um, I'm actually going to pick him up tomorrow, uh, or go drive up to his house tomorrow. He lives,
lives quite a bit North, uh, North end of Denver. And, and, um, I'm going to take him
out for beers and pizza. He's got, we were with our charity, able to buy him a van,
a handicap van that can lift his wheelchair into the van and this and that.
And because Milan said, does he drive?
I said, no, he can't drive, but I can drive.
So he's got to just teach me how to use the lift.
And so we did that.
And I said that to Milan and he he said can i go and i said
he's serious and he goes yeah i want to go and so the next day in my office got a call from um
marty richardson you have milan hey duke at the front desk and all my buddies were punching me
in the shoulder like whatever dude and they all snuck down and checked it out and sure enough
milan hey duke was in my office and that was really how we met, right, Milan?
And we had a great night that night.
And we found out on that drive a ton of stuff we had in common, too,
that was really weird.
Yeah, absolutely.
And then I got to tell you guys, Marty's doing a phenomenal job
with this Donation Charity Hockey Foundation.
It's been a blast to be part of it, really.
And then, like Marty said said it started with with cody and over the years we've met you know so many people that that
need our help and uh helping families that it's just it's just crazy how many bad things happen
to people and then freak accidents and all kinds of things that's it's just uh it's crazy and it's really nice to be uh part of this organization
and then try to help out when we can it's uh it's really it's been it's been really uh uh
awesome experience me and i'm happy to to to help i'm actually on the website right now marty and
and milan it's just a really really cool situation that you guys have going here.
You see all the,
all the fundraisers in progress.
You can donate to all these different individuals.
So anyone dog nation,
hockey.org,
this is,
this is really impressive what you guys have done.
What's the,
what's the ultimate goal.
I think you were telling me,
Marty,
that you guys want to create a facility where you,
you guys could kind of host any type of,
whether it's a
paraplegic athlete and just kind of get everybody and more people involved in the game of hockey
yeah thanks biz for that um uh really this thing has grown to proportions that we never ever uh
thought and um a few years back i was an international finance director for a little
company called oracle and that's where that's's actually what I met, what I was doing when I met, met Milan. And since then I've, I've stepped away
from that to really honestly try and change the world. And as Milan was mentioned in there,
Cody was just one of literally hundreds of people. We've, we've now been blessed to hand out checks
for over 3 million to lots of families. And, And a few of those families actually are from Humboldt, Saskatchewan.
So we've been tied into that.
I've been up to Humboldt a couple of times now.
They actually recently asked me if Dog Nation would consider an annual scholarship to an
aging out player each year that most represented what we do as a charity.
Of course, we're going to do that. Scott Barneyney their head coach is I've got to know him really well and that was his his brainchild of
that so where we're what we were taking on this and it was getting so big and so I'm looking at
this going I'm not getting any younger and it's really really labor intensive type thing because
we raise our money through events and um and so I thought boy this
is gonna be tough but at the same time I had started to meet some sled hockey players on
disabled vets and kids that were born with deformities and different things like that and
they just kind of blew me away I started volunteering with these guys and then I started
introducing them to guys like Milan and and some of the other guys. And at the same time, I kind of came up with this idea a few years back.
And Milan was really one of the very first guys I told about it.
And I said, what if we built a place that was for men, women, boys, girls,
able-bodied, disabled, young, old, truly, truly a place where hockey truly is for everyone?
Not just saying it,
like truly is. And what if we then went to a municipality and were able to get land? What
if we went to a general contractor and architect and a mechanical engineer and said, would you
want to be part of this community project and building this rink as much as possible through the hearts of just thousands of people, really what dog nation is.
And then then run this rink later, not raising money for Milan and I's pocketbook,
but to perpetually give money back to the community forever and ever and ever, every single year.
And so, believe it or not, the city of castle pines uh they have made the largest land
donation in their history that this is a very wealthy area in colorado and um pretty close to
where milan used to live and um uh cindy and i are looking at places down in that area but this
piece of land is worth about five million dollars 12 acres to uh to put this right on the main drive in in denver and also this is
where usa hockey is located in the u.s olympic committee and there's a lot of ties and ties
with this and a lot of military in colorado as well and so um we've also gotten very big the
largest uh one of the largest gc, Saunders Construction, raised their hand
and stepped up. So did MOA Architecture, MTech Engineering. We have about 30 companies that all
said that we'll do our part. And so I'm in the midst of raising a lot of money to try and, well,
try to raise a lot of money and build this magical arena. And it's a lot further along than people
realize. And we actually have a second website there thanks for jumping on that other one but it's called hockey's heart
dot com and hockey's heart dot com shows a video of really what we're trying to do and
you guys may recognize the voice over the voice over on it is peter mcnabb who's um recently uh
he's in remission on a cancer battle himself right now,
but he's been very involved in this organization almost as long as Milan.
And so that's really what we're trying to do.
Incredible. That's an incredible thing.
And without you starting it and then without running into Milan in that rink,
who knows if it's as big as it is.
So we appreciate more than anything,
your guys contribution to charity and helping out others.
What an amazing message.
And Milan, thank you so much for sharing your story,
an incredible career with your number hanging in the rafters.
So we appreciate both you guys very much.
Yeah.
Thank you guys for having us.
Thanks, guys.
Good luck with everything.
All right.
Thank you very much, guys.
Thank you very much to Milan Heyduke, Avs legend.
We appreciate you coming on.
It was a joy to talk to you.
And I want to remind everyone that interview was brought to you by TaylorMade.
Are you ready for the ultimate giveaway?
We're teaming up with our friends from TaylorMade for the ultimate season opening sweepstakes
and giving away 50 prizes to 50 different winners.
50!
Prizes include everything from the grand prize, a full bag
of new TaylorMade clubs, to a new
stealth driver, to TP5X
golf balls, and everything in between.
Now through May 10th, go to
TaylorMadeGolf.com
slash BarstoolSweeps
to enter and celebrate
this season's first major and the
unofficial start to the golf season.
That's TaylorMadeGolf.com slash BarstoolSweeps.
The sweeps is running across a number of podcasts within the Barstool network,
and we want our loyal followers to win.
So head over to TaylorMadeGolf.com slash BarstoolSweeps right now
for your chance to win, and be sure to let them know
that you heard it from us at Spit and Chicklets.
Make this golf season better and fill your bag with the best.
Of course, that's tailor-made.
Wonderful, Reid.
Thank you.
Appreciate that.
Way to crush it, Whit.
Whit, speaking of golf, who was the guy who just won this past weekend?
Pretty emotional celebration with his fiance, wife?
That's Scotty Scheffler, who's been like the perfect example of somebody
who just kind of needs to get one win and then they explode.
He's been a stud his entire life.
He's the kid who grew up playing on the U.S. Junior Ryder Cup team,
like probably one of the top recruits in the country, played at Texas.
I believe that course, Austin Country Cup, where the University of Texas plays.
I might be wrong there, but he won the Phoenix Open.
He won the Waste Management, whatever that's called, in Scottsdale.
And then he went to Bay Hill, Arnold Palmer's tournament,
on this ridiculously tough, like greens are rock hard,
fairways are tiny, won there.
And then he just went to Austin Country Club.
It's like 6600 yards
and wins the world match play becomes the number one player in the world by winning
and he didn't have a win his first win was waste management like a couple months ago now he's got
three in what two months three months and the the moment with his dad hugging his dad was so great
and every single parent that has an athlete should witness it because the first thing his dad was so great. And every single parent that has an athlete should witness it.
Because the first thing his dad says, I'm kind of paraphrasing.
He says, I'm so proud of who you are as a person, not your golf.
You are just such a great person.
I love you so much.
Congrats, basically.
But it was more about, I remember my dad telling me a lot, too.
It's all about who you are as like a person and how you treat people and you're no
better than some kid who's a very successful clarinet player or you're no better than someone
who doesn't even play sports himself it's just like it's how you treat people it's how you live
your life and that shuffler kid seems like a genuinely really nice guy who does a lot for
others and i guess you see with his father's quote to him as they celebrated becoming the
number one golfer in the world, like why he's like that. So my buddy actually bet on him to
win the masters like six, seven months ago. And I think he got him at 50 to one. And right now he's
like 18 to one or something like crazy odds. My, my, my buddy has on him because he's probably one
of the favorites going in there and his, his major career think he had I think he's got, you know, four or five top tens in majors, maybe three or
four, but just a superstar that that is not going away anytime soon. He was the 12th guy. He was the
last pick to make the Ryder Cup at Whistling Straits in September, October. And a couple
months later, he's number one player in the world so it was an awesome awesome victory for him although my one buddy had 300 bucks to win 15 grand on Kisner winning
and uh he got all the way to final he hedged it a little bit but still he it was a huge payday
if he could have got it done Masters coming up that's huge huge I can't wait I cannot wait
Masters is my favorite sporting event.
This is the first time they're going to have fans back, right?
No, they didn't have them for DJ.
And then when Matsuyama won last year, they were there,
but it wasn't the same at all.
I believe they had a limited number of tickets.
This year, it'll be bumping.
It'll be back.
Fucking right.
The best thing I've ever experienced is going down to the master
the last fun major i watched was the one that mickelson watched when all the people were
following him yeah things have gone well for him since i wasn't keen you have to say that but i'm
saying no that was that was great that was um when golf said it's best oh oh there's a reason i
brought up the masters well not only because you said it, but apparently Tiger's training
so he could actually finish the whole tournament.
I saw that too, where his caddy's down at Medalist
where he plays in Hobson, Florida, outside Jupiter,
and they're walking the course every day.
You know, these guys usually play and take cards and stuff.
He's got his caddy and he's walking.
And on the Masters website, it already lists, because when you win Masters you're you're allowed to play for the rest of your life
you have a lifetime invitation to play until they pretty much tell you like hey your time's up
I think that Mickelson's name is listed as a former champion not playing and Tigers is not
so he has not said he's not playing yet. He's probably walking because the problem with Augusta and him,
it's so hilly.
And I mentioned that in the JR interview that obviously hasn't played yet,
but I couldn't believe going there and watching on TV does no justice.
I'm talking the elevation changes at this course are mind-blowing.
I have no clue either.
Dude, 10th hole, it must go downhill 300 yards.
It looks like a ski slope.
I know.
And on TV, you don't.
And the ninth hole goes down, and then it goes up about 60 feet to the green.
I had no idea.
So I think the walking part of four rounds there is just like what Tiger really won't be able to handle if he doesn't play.
But the fact that he's walking medalist and trying to give it a go is awesome.
Because just to have him at the masters would be sick yeah that and probably the um what's the word i'm trying to look for here
the adrenaline if he was able to get through the first two days and make the cut the adrenaline
alone would take him through the next two days if he was able to if he won that tournament with
what has happened to him would that be the greatest comeback of all time?
I think his win in 19 was the greatest comeback of all time.
And this would be just, yeah, this guy, it's like,
I said he'd never win again and he won the match.
He's going to win it and like amputate his own arm and then win it again.
Like, he's just like, he's just a freak, this guy.
Anyway, we can move on to hockey talk.
Sorry, that TaylorMade ad took a turn. Well, Scheffler is a freak, this guy. Anyway, we can move on to hockey talk. Sorry, that TaylorMade ad took a turn.
Well, Scheffler is a TaylorMade guy.
He was pounding the new stealth driver in Three Woods.
The carbon stealth?
Yes.
The red-faced monster.
Well, what you just mentioned, a superstar not going away anytime soon,
and I think that applies to New Jersey Devils forward Jack Hughes.
This kid's been on an absolute tear.
He figured it out pretty quick after a rookie campaign that, you know,
maybe had a few hiccups with.
He's got 54 points in 46 games this year,
at least a point in 17 of the last 21.16 points per game.
He had two goals and a shootout goal versus Montreal this Sunday.
Why do you think this kid figured it out so quick?
I think he's super skilled.
I think he's growing into his body,
which is kind of what everyone said when they first saw him,
and he looked like he's 15 years old.
I think his vision's off the charts.
And while some people chirp Tom Fitzgerald for giving him that contract,
Biz mentioned at the time it could turn out to be a big bargain,
and it looks like that's going to be the case.
Now, New Jersey's got a long way to go before they're a contending team. time it could turn out to be a big bargain and it looks like that's going to be the case now New
Jersey's got a long way to go before they're a contending team but while at times questioning
if he was going to be a true superstar number one pick which a team really needs to change
the entire organization makeup I think that he might get there because the season he's having
it's out of this world he's still very young uh Quinn's a great player and then watching his
brother Luke on Michigan is the kid he's a freak he's up for the Hobie Baker he's a freshman
defenseman so they have Owen Power the first overall pick and then Luke Hughes the fourth
overall pick Luke's the one up for the up up for the Hobie I still would take Owen Power if I was
taking one to start my team uh he's bigger probably better defensively but luke hughes with the puck it just shows biz talk about father sperm this hughes family has three nhl
like star players that are coming up and um jack hughes has been awesome it's great to watch him
he just needs some help there yeah look out for his father's lids at kiwasabi um no i actually
gotta uh correct you i think an apology is in order I was I don't want to say
I was critical I was just weary of saying uh at the time I think that he had less than 80 career
NHL points maybe even fewer than that I can't exactly remember what the exact number was when
they handed over the eight times eight and I said I don't think that you have to do this in this
situation why
won't you let the season play out oh it's probably a good thing they didn't because they probably
would have had to sign him for fucking nine or ten sheets a year given with what he's done
52 points when they signed him 52 career points and i was the one questioning i said why won't
you just let him play out the year and see what you got? So at this point now, I would turn the criticism to his agent
and fire him for taking too much of a bargain.
Whit, before the season, I said that he was going to have a monster year.
Oh, you're the best.
He kind of gave me some shit for it.
Do you think this qualifies as a monster year?
Well, you deserve an apology is what you're saying.
Yeah, I think I deserve an apology
because then we came to the agreement of a point per game.
So I'm not willing to give you an apology right now.
I'm just not.
But if you said he's going to have a monster year,
this qualifies as a monster year.
Yes, he's got 54 points in 46 games.
He's playing phenomenal.
Yes, I mean, he's having a monster year.
I'll give you that.
But I'm not saying sorry.
That is not an apology.
I'm going to apologize to Fitzy for saying that they should have waited to sign him.
They got him at a bargain based on how he's performing this season, because if he would have finished the season the way that he's going now,
they would have had to pay him more money than that.
So I was wrong. I'm a man. I'm a man who can admit his mistakes.
I was wrong.
I'm a man who can admit his mistakes.
While we took a pee break, I got a text.
Denver's going to be in town next week for the national championship.
Well, I should say the Frozen Four.
And I had a request.
What's the best steakhouse and the best Italian restaurant in Boston?
And I was curious what you would give for recommendations.
So the new Moo in the Seaport, I believe, is an unreal steakhouse.
M-O-O, like the noise a cow makes.
And a Beacon Hill too, right?
Sorry.
Yes, yes. There's one right near the steakhouse, but the new one is phenomenal.
I'd head over there.
And the best Italian I've had, just recently I went to Contessa,
which is at the Newberry Boston Hotel right near the end of Boylston there
in the beginning of Newberry.
Just an incredible restaurant.
So those two.
Take someone there or just have somebody else pay.
No, I mean, literally just got a text.
I said for a steakhouse, and I know it's not like off the grid,
but Aben Louie's.
I've never had a bad steak at Abe and Louie's. And best Italian
food, Antonio's on Cambridge Street.
It's not in the North End. I know everybody loves the
North End, and they do have great restaurants,
but Antonio's right on Cambridge Street, right
across from Mass General. If you've never had it,
it's some of the best Italian in the city.
Always tell people to go there.
The city of Boston is fucking over the North
End so bad, you wouldn't believe this.
So like when COVID came, all the restaurants were allowed to have outdoor dining, which was great because like in a lot of parts of the city, like all of a sudden you could have meals outdoor where you usually weren't able to.
And the north end, the north ends, the Italian area boss.
I was there.
I was hanging out there.
It was awesome.
Oh, OK.
Yeah.
So cool.
Little Hanover Street's awesome. Well, now they
shut down part of the street. I think they
made it a one way. They had restaurants
outside. People love the vibe in the summer
there. The city
of Boston has charged every single
restaurant in the North End 7,500
to have outdoor
dining and nowhere else in the city
has to pay it.
It's one of the biggest jokes I've ever seen.
In that area, sorry to cut you off, it didn't overwhelmingly vote for the mayor, too.
So there's that element, too.
It's like, all right, why are you singling out the North End over every other neighborhood?
I saw Foley bitching about it on Twitter, and I agreed with him.
And then somebody tried to come out with an article or something saying
like,
Oh,
these restaurants are profiting big time.
It's like the,
the profit margins for these restaurants are not what people would think
they are.
And that's a fucking joke.
That is just like,
if you want to do it,
like,
I don't agree with it,
but make the whole city do it.
It's just nuts that they blatantly go after this one area.
So shout out my boy frankie
fucking getting hosed over it's a joke and they take it like yeah they're taking pocket spots
big fucking deal like people pay a dollar an hour for meters like who cares you'd rather be taking
restaurant income and then fucking somebody's bmw on a spot for six fucking hours like it is
stupid way they are picking on the North End. They should put bike lanes
in there instead of being able to drive.
Motherfucker, don't get me started.
Alright, we can move back to hockey like you said,
Biz.
Time for the weekly Roman Yossi segment of
bowing down to him. He remains
red hot. 13
game point streak, a 10 game
assist streak. He's just the fifth defenseman in nhl
history to reach 80 points in 64 games of fewer paul coffee bobby or dennis podman l mcginnis the
only guys to do it just the second predator to hit 80 points in the season after paul korea
also three points shy of tying bobbyr's record for most points in a
calendar month with 31. If he
has one more point in March, he'll tie
Paul Coffey for second all-time.
Sorry, I've run out of breath here because what he's done is
amazing. In his Calder
segment with Jonesy,
Keith Jones, our buddy, agrees he should be the Calder
winner. Biz, what's your take?
Holy fuck, R.A. It's the Norris trophy.
I know. I actually wrote Cal the Norris trophy I know I actually
I know and I actually wrote
Calder on the fucking are you shit faced
no no I wrote Calder
on the thing I wrote Calder on the thing
I literally wrote Calder
well can I take this quickly before Biz
because Biz has every right to talk about it
no I'm not even going to trash you I just
I was just trying to bring up the debate when we
sat down I think we were even in Atlanta andanta and i actually surprised you didn't give me the
will special because i kept touching your arm to explain to you that like oh i watched it on video
i was like i didn't even realize like i really was like so thinking about what i was gonna say
back to you i can't believe you were touching my arm like that that was the biggest disrespectful
move you might as well slap me in the face.
That's how I talk to Ryder.
Please put the toy down.
All I'll say is this.
Yossi, I'm still not
giving him the award. And you know why?
Because I talked to some
guy that already made
leave dinner named Wayne Gretzky
who said not only is Makar the
Norris Trophy winner this year, he's the Hart Trophy winner. So as long as Wayne Gretzky, who said not only is McCar the Norris Trophy winner this year,
he's the Hart Trophy winner. So as long as Wayne Gretzky is agreeing with me,
I don't give a fuck what you have to say. Roman Yossi, what a season. Those numbers are sick.
They're a joke. They make me want to puke how good he's been. But I got the great one saying
that not only is my guy the Norris winner, he's also the MVP of the league. So everyone could take it and
shove it up their hoop. My only argument
was it shouldn't have been handed
over at that time to where I think
right now
unbiased, take Nashville fans out
of it and take Colorado fans out of it.
I would say you have a dead heat till the
finish at this point right now.
I think analytically you give
slight tiny edge to K Makar but it's
it's hard because like if your bias is towards Roman Yossi you're going to use the analytics
that elevate him based on and then and then vice versa right um I actually think since the last
two three weeks have gone by I think that he has a better chance of winning the
heart than he does the Norris trophy I can't win one and not the other okay but or the heart not
the Norris and I was going to draw it back to the year that Taylor Hall dragged his team into
playoffs with the New Jersey Devils where people other people thought I think McKinnon should have
won it that year for the same type of reason how dominant their team was and he was the leading their team and scoring by a wide margin and maybe
even the league not exactly sure on that but what he's doing for that team right now they might end
up being in a wild card situation with not for his play they're not a playoff team there's no
argument for that all I have is 14 14 points ahead of the
next guy on his team and he's a defenseman and you're talking about all these other guys that
he's category in the categories with if he ends up like breaking the amount of points in in the
month of march uh surpassing these these hall of fame names i think if, if even if you are a Colorado Avalanche jock sniffer,
you seem like an absolute fool.
If you're not telling me at this point right now with what he's done,
that it's a dead heat down the finish.
That's all.
Wayne Gretzky,
a full biz.
No,
no.
Oh,
during the club.
Nope.
Fuck me and RA.
He's never going to come back on the podcast now i'll interview him alone
no but but no no we also never had the conversation of of whether about the heart
situation he said the norris no no no right and then he added he should probably be ahead for the
heart but but that was also what we interviewed him 10 days ago yosi's been on a
fucking heater since yosi's been on a heater since i said the car was the guaranteed winner
it might have started like three games before i said that it's nuts all the conversation that
night all i'm saying is it should be a dead heat right now i think that's at least the courtesy
you can give to oh i'll take that what he's accomplished. I'll take that. I'll gladly take that.
That's all I want from all of you fans.
Nashville fans are going to lose it if we don't pick Yossi.
Colorado, if we don't pick Makar.
Even if Makar gets over 30 goals, I completely understand.
I just  if Yossi continues on this pace and so does Makar,
they should be co-winners.
And I don't know if that's ever happened.
I don't know if it's possible to happen.
All the writers have to vote, right?
So it's very unlikely that they would end up sharing it.
But they should rig it somehow where both guys should get to lift that trophy.
MVP and Norris this year is a crazy good race, though.
Crazy good race.
Because I think Sider has the Calder, and I think that Shosturkin,
or I know Shosturkin has the Vesna,
but the MVP and the Norris is going to be very exciting.
And I saw Elliott Friedman mention that this year they're going to do the awards
in between game three and four of the Stanley Cup final in this city
that is hosting those games three and four.
So that's pretty cool.
You know, there's not going to be the Vegas award show.
They're going to go back to that for the, uh, the 22, 23 season,
but this is going to be pretty exciting and a nice little action packed,
uh, day off in between the Stanley cup finals.
Hopefully we'll be there for that.
Yeah.
It's a unique way to do it.
Uh, especially to one hour.
Cause I think the show has been too long.
I know like, it's not always the most entertaining show.
So also they got like Millie Vanillie doing the musical act. So girl, you I know it's not always the most entertaining show. They got like Milli Vanilli doing the musical
act. Girl, you know it's
true.
Ooh, ooh, ooh.
Either way, yeah.
NHL Awards at a normal time,
a normal place. We'll see
who is in the finals back then.
Biz, I know you want to talk about
the Blackhawks. Jonathan Taves,
Patrick Kane, they reacted to the trades that were made.
Jonathan Taves said, it's become pretty clear the direction we're heading in as a franchise.
I'm not going to lie.
It was disheartening to see a couple of good friends go.
Regardless of what's to come in the future, I think this group has been through quite a bit this year on and off the ice.
Obviously, life's been weird.
It's been hard for a lot of people.
Then Patrick Kane said about the Haggle trade, life's been weird. It's been hard for a lot of people.
Then Patrick Kane said about the Haggle trade,
a bit of a shocking move in that the future is, quote,
a discussion for another day or over the summer, whatever it is.
I'm happy here right now, and I'm just going to try to finish the season strong.
Patrick Kane also had his 14th career 20th goal season,
tied Stan Mikita for team record,
only the second U.S. one player to do the same.
Mike Badano, Keith Kachuk also did it as well.
But, boys, I don't think it's going to be a shock at all if either one
or both of these guys are traded before their deals are up.
Whit, you agree or what?
I do agree.
It's crazy to think of these guys not on the Blackhawks,
and I think, obviously, Kane's going to get a lot more.
Do you try to trade them as a tandem if that's what's going to happen?
More than anything, though, was the displeasure you could tell
in Taves' voice about not really being told and talked to
about the Hagel move and how Davidson had mentioned
he was going to be in discussion with both of them moving forward
for all these different moves, which i don't necessarily agree with like you take over
a team it's going to be really hard if you're like taking the input of these two players with
every single move you make it's like to he kind of handcuffed himself a little bit with that
statement when he was hired at his press conference now these guys deserve the respect of getting to
talk about what's going to be their future, where they could end up going,
what the team is looking at in terms of,
do we need to get rid of these guys to start a full rebuild?
I think that they're better off trying to get what they can for these guys
and really kind of cutting ties.
And I know that's going to crush them.
Chicago Blackhawks fans hearts and forever.
These two, their, their numbers will be retired.
They'll forever be legends for this city.
It's the only captain Chicago, a lot of Chicago fans have ever had in Jonathan Taves.
But that team's not going to win a Stanley Cup in a long time.
And you might as well get back to trying to redo it all.
And I know that sounds crazy.
And I know Patrick Kane may never want to leave.
And in that case, he will not have to leave.
That'll be up to him.
But where are you going to him but where are you
going to go how are you going to go about retooling and rebuilding what they had with what's going on
there now so i don't know how it's going to end but i think that if you're trying to get patrick
kane this summer you're going to have to pay a boatload and with what you could get for him and
jonathan tave you can really start a true rebuild in Chicago. Yeah, you don't really want a slow death either. You want to get it over as fast as possible.
So, and you mentioned it.
Taves has the right to be frustrated.
It's also hard at the fact that it's new management
and old management had made some moves.
You know, we could go through the list of them,
the Panarin, blah, blah, blah.
And they really put themselves between a rock and a hard place.
And on top of that,
also paying these guys as to what they deserved on what they earned.
But like you said, like Taves,
Taves isn't playing up to this 10 million and like,
he's got to be self-aware of that.
Will there be some salary retained to where if he does go play somewhere,
third line center on a good team where they,
they end up putting on a tee for him where he can go maybe even compete for another cup and you mentioned package deal potentially i don't think
that i mean i think the return could be a lot more especially if you're going to go through those dog
dog days you might as well have a shit team accumulate all these types of draft picks
retain the salary and it might even be a situation where you're just getting to the floor by but you know
by doing so but it's yeah it's it's just the time has come it happens it happens it's all honestly
it may not have happened without some horrific moves right because the team was completely
mismanaged since 2015 maybe this wouldn't have had to happen and maybe they would have been able to do it the way the Bruins are doing.
Now, granted, the Bruins have one cup.
They have three, so it's different.
But they're going to have to go through a full rebuild there.
And it's also hard for them as superstars
and what they've done for the organization
because probably looking back even three years ago,
they had it in their minds how it was all going to play out.
It was going to be the storybook ending. So bitterness in his voice i can understand but at this point
it's like hey man it was a pretty good run you ended up getting your dough yeah let's see what
let's say one year that's correct yes correct correct but okay yeah i i'd be shocked if both
of them is still there and the thing is too, I don't understand how people are still surprised when a guy gets traded.
I mean, Bobby has been traded.
Tom Brady's been traded.
Wayne Gretzky's been on four teams.
I just, I don't understand why people are still shocked.
I don't think anybody would be shocked at this point.
Me neither.
Okay, suck.
Alrighty, then.
Let's move right along.
The LA Kings had a bunch of injuries lately, Biz,
but they're still holding court in second place in the Pacific Division.
Let's see here.
Phil Bonneau, his signing was huge, man.
21 goals.
His previous high was 15.
He's been on the line with Arvidson and Trevor Moore.
But the guy you're going to hear from shortly,
having a career high in goals and points with 16 games to go.
He's got 28 goals, 13 assists, 41 points.
Adrian Kempe, we'll get to him shortly.
But also these rookie demons have come in.
Sean Dursey, Jordan Spence, rookie forward Rasmus Kopari.
They've come in, they've filled in these holes because, man,
they've lost like eight, nine guys.
That's a big deal when you're a team coming off a shitty season
to be able to maintain.
And the Kings have done that.
And also, congratulations to Todd McClellan.
He coached his 1,000th game the other night versus Seattle.
And honestly, he should get strong consideration with the Jack Adams,
not just because I bet him for it, but this team is a team nobody expected,
Paul, I'd say, to be second place in the Pacific, and they are right now.
They've got to be up there for most man games lost due to injury
and some pretty impactful players to their lineup.
You mentioned all these names and guys before the season,
I had no idea who these guys were.
And, you know, I've harped on it before.
I played in the organization.
They're drafting a development is second to none.
They've done a heck of a job.
And the fact that battling through all these injuries,
these guys have been able to come in and contribute.
And on top of that, having a guy like Kempe
finally really, really pop off.
You know, I asked him in this interview about,
you know, maybe what took so long.
And he mentions getting shuffled around
and really, you know, bouncing from line to line
and never really being able to develop
any type of chemistry.
And it seems like Todd McClellan has really understood his players,
put these guys in the right situations in order to succeed.
He's gotten the trust from Rob Blake along with, I mentioned,
those awesome draft and develop players.
It seems like Quentin Byfield's continually slowly to take step after step
and getting in a good rhythm.
So I tell you what, man, and on top of that Cal Peterson, and I know that the back half of the
season has not necessarily gone as planned for quickie, but he's such a good teammate and a
great mentor that he's been able to hand over those reins as he has struggled. And there has
been that slow development for Cal Peterson where he wasn't just thrown into
the fire so just a collection of all those things has led this team to still be in the mix
and I would be lying if I didn't say that I thought they were going to end up like Anaheim
where they were going to fizzle off even if they were able to remain healthy but who am I to doubt
you know former Stanley Cup champions like Drew Doughty
Ozzie Kopitar and as Kemp he's going to talk about a guy as far as Kopitar who has really
really helped him take that next step and it's yeah I'm happy for that group obviously they have
a place in my heart and I'm really happy at the success that they had they've had and I like when
you know teams that have been out of the mix for a little bit
are now back in the mix in the playoff picture.
So we're going to get a little bit of insight from Kempe.
He's not a huge talker.
I might have heard four words from him in the entire time that I played for him.
But he'll give you a little insight as to what's going on with the team and all
that chemistry that they have developed and how much they get along off the
ice. So they got, they got a really tight knit group there with.
Biz well said, and we do want to let you know that this interview was brought
to you by Roman newsflash. You suck in bed.
That's why you use Roman the The secret to longer lasting sex.
Guys, we've all been there.
I mean, come on.
It happens.
So check out Roman Swipes.
They're a clinically proven way to last longer in bed.
They're effective, easy to use, and fast acting.
And the best part, you don't have to go to CVS
and let everybody know that you're a dupe bump jump.
Roman can ship swipes to you in discreet, unmarked
packaging, and each
swipes packet is small enough
to hide in your wallet for whenever you need it.
They're super easy to use.
You just take the swipes out of the packet,
you swipe it on, let it
dry, and you're good to
go. That's it.
It's simple. So go to
GetRoman.com slash chicklets right now to get your first month of swipes for just 5 when you choose a monthly plan.
What an unbelievable deal.
That's GetRoman.com slash chicklets.
And now, enjoy Adrian Kempe.
All right, it's time to bring on our next guest, a first-round pick of the LA Kings at the 2014 draft.
This Swede is currently in his sixth NHL season
and has already achieved a career high in goals and points.
He also played in his first All-Star game in February,
and he's a former teammate of our guy, Paul, Biz Nasty, Biz Sanette.
Thanks a bunch for joining us on the Spittin' Chickens podcast.
Adrian Kempe, how's it going, man?
All good. How about you guys?
Not too bad. You must be feeling good.
Not that they were going to trade you, but the trade deadline passed.
You guys didn't really make any significant moves.
You added a depth defenseman and you guys ready for the stretch run here or
what?
Yeah, I feel like we are. I think, you know,
ever since the start of the year,
I feel like we've been kind of slowly climbing and climbing during throughout
the year. And, you know, we, I think we have a lot of depth.
You know, obviously a lot of guys hurt right now.
So, I mean, that's tough.
But, you know, we got another D-man in,
kind of what we needed, a little bit more offense,
kind of from the back end.
But I feel like a couple of guys are coming back too.
And we feel good about ourselves right now. And, you know, we have some big games coming up now
for the rest of the year to make it a playoff stretch.
Camp's contract year for you.
It is.
Holy fuck.
Saving the best for the all-star year.
This might be the most we ever spoke.
Even when we were playing together,
we were in fact roommates as well.
All right.
We had to live together.
Oh,
why all you were doing back then Kemp's was playing video games.
Are you still big on the video game train?
Oh yeah. Oh yeah. Huge on playing video games. Are you still big on the video game train? Oh, yeah.
Oh, yeah.
Huge on the video games.
But, I mean, I've come a long way in terms of talking to other guys, I feel like, since
I was back in Manchester.
But, I mean, I'm still a huge video game guy and I do that every day.
Buddy, your English is unbelievable.
You speak better English than me now.
Why did you struggle when you first met him?
No Swedish guys struggle with English.
No, he knew it, but there was some stalling on certain words you didn't know,
but it's gotten drastically better.
And I would imagine your brother helped out a little bit with that.
Yeah, for sure.
And I think my first year, too, I've always been kind of good in English.
But, I mean, obviously, coming to a new team,
not knowing anybody, no other Swedish guys or anything, I was kind of good in english but i mean obviously coming to a new team don't knowing anybody no
other swedish guys or anything i was kind of shy and you know i i to be honest i am a shy guy but
i mean uh i've been here a couple years now so i mean obviously it's getting better and better
how bad was room with biz you must have a couple horror stories for us no it was great uh actually
don't lie i i didn't really know who biz was uh before i came over but you
know my brother and all his buddies uh you know they knew business that it was hilarious and stuff
like that so i you know i was expecting a lot but i got there but obviously i didn't understand
half of his jokes he told me and uh but you know we don't either he was a great roommate you know
he took care of me a lot over there.
So that was great.
You were so impactful to that team when we won the Calder Cup.
I think you came in just as we'd started playoffs.
I think, what do you have in the Calder Cup playoffs?
He had eight goals in that playoff run.
So, I mean, it must have been crazy for you to come over from Modo
and then all of a sudden you're in a run and winning a Calder Cup.
It must have been pretty exciting for you to hop right into the pro game over here did you notice a huge difference
from the shl uh yeah i feel like you know i came over uh practice like two days and then we had a
three on three and i was like wow this is there's a lot of games and then uh you know i knew the
team was they were like first in the league and and stuff like that they won the conference and
everything so i knew they were going to be good but then yeah i we we almost lost i remember portland
first round we i think we beat them in game five or something like that and i was like oh this is
pretty tough and then you know after that we pretty much went four and oh four and oh four
and one or something like that so you know the team was unbelievable and you know i was playing
with uh some some good players too so i was just you
know sitting back door tapping the puck in where you'll love this he's a big soccer guy oh it was
it was it was ibrahimovic your favorite player yeah the cockiest guy in the world yes he's
swedish guy too so um there's a faction of barstool bar Barstool Chicago. They had a draft and we did the sports divas draft and,
and Ibrahimovic was my pick. And would you say that's fair?
Like as good as he is, as amazing as he is,
he's a big time diva with some of his quotes in the past, right?
Oh yeah. A hundred percent. Especially when he,
I remember when he signed over here and when he signed for the galaxy,
you know, when he took up like the entire newspaper and said,
LA you're welcome or something like that.
When he came over, it was hilarious.
And everybody on our team, they're like,
who the fuck is this guy?
We went to a game and he scored
and, you know, everybody likes him
but he is cocky, but in a good way
I feel like. And when I got the chance
to play with Markstrom,
Marky had mentioned to me that with all the Swedes, you know,
Lidstrom and the legendary Sundin, all these legendary Swedish hockey players,
he still thinks that he's the most famous man in Sweden.
Would you agree with that?
A hundred percent.
I feel like he's over in Europe, just in general, you know,
everybody knows who he is and especially in Sweden too.
I mean, hockey, hockey is big in Sweden, but, you know,
Ibra is something else in Sweden.
You know, he had his own statue in the city where he came from
and stuff like that.
So, I mean, not just in Sweden, but overall in Europe, he's massive.
Kemp, I don't know if I ever told you this story.
So, I was in Vancouver, and I don't know if i don't know if sweden had missed out on the
world cup because it was during the world cup time and maybe he was on vacation or maybe it was right
before i go into a starbucks and i had to piss my dick off and i'm like in a panic mode and i go up
to three guys and i'm like hey you guys know where the pisser is and they all just looked at each
other and completely ignored me one of them was ibrahimovic no way he completely fucking pigeon
tossed me he wouldn't even he looked at me he won't even speak to me so yeah i would agree
with he's one of the biggest divas with well i'm seeing um i'm seeing you're from or these
hockey db says sometimes the correct you're from cram force sweden am i saying that correctly
yeah that's correct so that's uh pretty much 40 minutes from uh moto or
uh ovic where uh where i played uh before but i grew up outside of that city uh and played you
know played there a lot so what's cool is like the the senior teams in the shl they have teams all
the way down to when you're eight nine years old so were you playing for moto your whole life
no i was playing for crown force you know in my No, I was playing for Crown Force, you know, in my hometown until I was like 14, 15.
And then, you know, when you go to school,
I went to Modo and played there for three years
before getting drafted and stuff like that.
But, you know, always played against those guys
and being in that area growing up.
Kemp, the Kings have had a huge turnaround since last season.
What's the biggest reason for that?
You guys second in the division after not qualifying for the playoffs.
Oh, fuck.
We just took a time machine going from fucking Modo to the fucking Kings.
That was a pre-written RA question.
Yeah.
No, I feel like, you know,
we got some more depth last summer in terms of a couple of guys, you know,
both Phil Harvey and Eddie came into the team and, you know, there's,
there's some good, they have some good experience,
all those guys, you know, veteran players.
Good  Phil has been unbelievable, Harvey as well.
And, you know, Eddie just coming back from injury right now too.
It's been a great impact.
And I feel like we got more depth in our lineup,
not just having previous seasons.
I always feel like Kobe's line has been the only line
that's really been doing it for us.
And then I feel like this year now we have a couple of lines
that can play against other teams' top lines
and we can score and stuff like that.
So, I mean, I feel like that helps us a lot.
Our goal is to have been playing unbelievable,
both Quickie and Cal,
and that gives us a chance to win every game too.
So we believe in ourselves a lot more, I feel like, this year
than we've done in the previous years too.
So that obviously helps a lot.
Kemp, is it safe to say that it took you a little bit longer
than maybe you expected to figure out the NHL game?
And obviously this team is stuck by you but like
obviously this year is is your your your outbreak year like did you feel like it was a little bit
more difficult earlier on to kind of understand how to how to get it done at that level yeah i
feel like my first year we always made the playoffs the first year and you know uh we got a lot of
injuries that year as well.
And I remember I played with,
I got up and played with Ty and Pierce for a little bit and had a good season.
But then, you know,
after that is kind of where we started the rebuild process.
And, you know, for myself too, I think I was, you know,
pretty much playing with every single guy on the team for a season and
bouncing around in every single line.
So, I mean, it was,
it was tough to find a little bit of that chemistry
going with some guys too.
And, you know, the confidence wasn't maybe the best for myself either.
And always been, you know, trying to get my consistency
like up every season.
And, you know, that was something I had to try to find
for my first like four or five years.
And maybe it took a little bit longer than I wanted to,
but I'm happy that I'm having a good year right now
and the team is playing well and that I can show
that I can be the player that the Kings wanted me to be before.
Did Todd McClellan talk with you prior to the year
and maybe kind of pump you up a little bit
or maybe ask you or tell you what he expected and how he believed in you? Was there any sort of that before the year that maybe kind of pump you up a little bit or maybe ask you or tell you what he expected
and how he believed in you was there any sort of that before the year that maybe changed it or was
it kind of just like this was my time it was bound to happen no he he definitely talked to me and
especially adding a couple of forwards you know uh he he uh he was talking to me telling me that
you know you're gonna be with we don't know if we're going to play with Kopi or if we're going to play with Phil.
But, you know, you need to take that, you know, next step.
And I, you know, I like playing with pressure.
But I felt also like playing with those guys would give me confidence boost too.
You know, having good players around me for pretty much the entire season.
And, you know, now I've been playing with kopey for uh yeah last 50 games you
know uh it helps a lot just uh being with two guys then bouncing around every single line you
find that chemistry and uh you know where the guys are on the ice all the time and you know
especially gives me a lot more confidence playing out there every game as well
as having a consistent voice as from a coach as well because the first few years, I think you had three or four different coaches.
Now you've had Todd for the last three.
I'm guessing that's had a huge impact on your game as well.
Yeah, for sure.
I feel like, yeah,
especially I've always had the same coach back in Sweden and stuff like that.
Coming to LA, you know, had three coaches in three years.
You didn't really know what to expect from all of them.
But ever since Todd came, he's been great.
You know, he's been honest with all the guys and me
and what he expects from me and stuff like that.
So he's been great.
And, you know, all the guys really like him on the team.
So it's been good.
So we like asking guys about different players.
And, you know, we haven't heard much from the Kings.
And one guy I got to ask about,
it's not even necessarily about his personality,
but this 20-year-old Arthur Kal kaliev i hope i'm saying it correctly he was part of the world junior winning team for team usa i'm more curious about this guy's fucking tape job on his
stick if you go on google anyone listening and search the knob of his stick and the tape job
he has he's got one stripe of tape on the toe of his stick and then the knob is like what is going
on with that?
Have you chirped him for what's what's up top there?
Yeah.
We chirp him pretty much every single day.
He pretty much has like five rolls on his knob.
It's just,
if you hold his stick,
it's just like,
you won't reach around it.
It's crazy how big it is.
And then on the blade,
it's like my horn.
Pretty much.
Then on the blade,
like,
no,
I've seen it,
biz. No, but it's crazy. And guys, you know, pretty much uh not on the blade like no i've seen it biz
no but it's crazy and guys you know whenever he not fuck up and whatever maybe he misses a pass
or something brownie and those guys always get on that tell him you know if you had tape on your
stick you would have scored 30 already but he he won't change it he actually changed his knob
recently so now he's actually using a a normal knob that's still on the blade.
Pretty much no tape at all.
And I got the chance to play World Juniors with Dustin Brown way back in the day.
Is he still the magician?
Is he still doing that?
Because he was like a master magician then.
Is he still doing that stuff to you guys?
Nope.
I have never seen that, so I didn't even know about that.
But I'm going to ask him that tomorrow.
Yeah, call him up.
Hopefully he can bring some back, yeah.
He was fucking with all of us, pulling rabbits out of his hat
and all this different stuff.
You got to call him up for that.
I had no idea about that.
That's funny.
You mentioned Quiggy a couple minutes ago.
Your team just celebrated his 700th team played as an NHL goaltender.
He's more of a quiet guy than a crazy goalie,
what we typically expect, huh?
Yeah, he's quiet, but, you know, he's still pretty loud in the locker room,
you know, especially now when we have a younger team.
And, you know, whenever he plays, he, you know, supports the boys and stuff like that.
But, you know, he's been awesome ever since I came to, you know,
taking care of me and all the younger guys.
And, yeah, I mean, he's great. That's all the younger guys and uh yeah i mean he's um
great that's all i can say kems kems he's been gassing up his pizza johnny's a pizza have you
ever had it at his place no ever never he's never invited okay so he says that that portnoy would
give him a 10 out of 10 on the pizza list i gotta ask him about that too actually i gotta go over
it's actually brown is doing magic tricks and and quick he's inviting
everyone over but kemp he hasn't seen either one of them no i think i think brownie retired the
magic tricks i think so too i haven't heard about it actually in six years i mean they must uh
i don't know maybe i'm making this up no no no no no i i went to an all-star game not a big deal
in the ohl and brownie at that point was doing like david blaine style magic tricks i guess at a certain point that he stopped doing them kemps yeah you
got it you got to get him back going because i know this tiktok generation will really appreciate
his magic tricks yeah of course i'm gonna get on it right right away tomorrow so i'll get back to
you guys and see how it goes hey i want to go i want to go back to sweden so you played for the
moto junior team like like coming up did you have to like move 40 minutes from home and
like stay in a dorm and then the train there and go to school there uh yeah so i moved um for like
the year before i went to school i actually played in stockholm uh uh for a year i moved down there
my family moved on stockholm and then when i started school i moved back from stockholm up north uh six hour drive pretty much and then yeah live by myself from
i was 16 till uh till 19 but uh my brother played for the pro team in same uh same town so uh i had
him there and it was you know helped helped a lot what was it was like how did you get in hockey to
begin with was it just kind of every of everybody in your hometown did it?
Or was it your brother as the big influence what got you into it?
Yeah, my brother for sure.
I feel our dad played, not professional, but, you know,
he was always like big into hockey, you know,
coaching and stuff like that when we grew up.
And, yeah, my brother obviously played when I was little, too.
You know, he's a little bit older than me,
so I never got to really play with him when I was younger.
But I always wanted to play hockey, play hockey, soccer growing up.
And, you know, at one point, you know, I felt like hockey was my sport
and the thing that I hopefully could be good at.
And, you know, after that, it just took over.
And, yeah, in school, you know after that it just took over and uh yeah um in school you
know uh when i played for moto i actually played with my brother for one year too so it was uh it
was kind of cool uh when i was 17 so it was uh it was it was nice he his name is mario not a
traditional swedish name is it how did he get the name mario Oh, he's named after Argentinian soccer player Mario Campas.
So that's where his name came from.
Very cool.
Okay, all right.
And it's cool, you know, I'm guessing you always looked up to your brother.
And he played in the Quebec League, though.
So was there ever, you know, talk about you going over to play major junior?
Like, how did that all come about where he went and you didn't?
Yeah, I was drafted to Barry in the OHL.
Oh, that's funny.
Yeah, so when I was 17, I got called up to the pro team with my brother.
So that was kind of the point where I figured that if I can make the team here,
I feel like it's better for me staying here before the draft.
But if I didn't, maybe OHL would have been a good spot for me to go to.
But then I felt like I was playing a decent amount of time in the pro team
and still play with under-20s every now and then.
So I felt like it was a good spot for me to be at before the draft
and, you know, got drafted.
And after that, I just came over here pretty much as soon as I could.
Kemp, one place he did play was the KHL.
Did he bring any crazy stories home from his experiences over there?
I'm trying to think right now.
It's, you know, I feel like he has some crazy stories from there.
We want to keep him safe, so be careful.
He's still there, right?
Yeah, he's still there, actually.
Actually, he's here in L here in la right now he's doing rehab he had surgery on his knee but uh he's
still on the contract with uh with minsk right now so he has to go back there on saturday and
yeah get some money uh drew dowdy he is this guy the class clown of the locker room or what
yeah he is he's still uh still doing all this stuff you know he's hurt now obviously so but he's still around all the guys in the locker room
and he's chirping
everybody still
every single day for everything
so he's a funny guy
I want to ask too
your previous career high before this season
16 goals you already have 26 what's the biggest reason
for that turnaround how you hit this number so quick
I feel like
I'm just shooting a lot more than I've done previous years.
You know, I think right now, or after like 55 games,
I've already cracked my high-end shots.
And, you know, just the mentality of shooting before passing
has been different this year than previous.
I've always been a pass-first guy.
And I feel like now, you know, Kofi has taught me to shoot it
all the time so I try to listen to him and you know it's been working so far so I mean I just
gotta keep shooting as much as I can any discussions uh yet in terms of re-upping you
contract extensions is that waiting till the summer what's going on there yeah we haven't
really heard anything yet so uh I mean it's it's not a rush, I don't think.
I'm still, you know, restricted for one more year.
So, probably happen in the summer if that's what I'm guessing.
But, you know, it would be nice to hear something.
I always remember you being a bit of a hype beast.
I'm sure you're loving the L.A. lifestyle.
Yeah, I do like it.
You know, I'm not really in Hollywood hollywood but you know we say we're
on the air and the beach and it's a little quieter but uh it's a good spot to be and especially
going to uh you know basketball games and all the stuff like that you you see all the hype
i heard you became a lakers fan i did they're fucking brutal right now what's going on with west brick west brick i saw a video actually
yeah they're i don't know they're but they switched their like entire team from last
year pretty much so i mean it's hard to get the chemistry going there too your their defense has
been not good at all so i mean that's uh they gotta try to figure it out um i mean they're
still in the playing spot, I guess.
Do you go with the boys in court
side of the games and stuff like that?
I've only been to one game.
I went to Clippers-Lakers court side this year
once. That's the only game I've been to.
That's pretty much the only game you want to go
to this year.
Were you a Hoops fan before you came to the States
at all?
I did not.
Do you understand the game? Not that it? I did not. Do you understand the game?
I mean, it's not that it's rocket science,
but do you understand the game pretty much by now?
Yeah, I understand pretty well.
Obviously, I play a lot of 2K and stuff like that.
So I kind of got a hold of it.
Yeah, I like basketball.
It's probably the biggest sport over here that I like the most after hockey, obviously.
But not huge into football or anything like that yet.
What soccer team do you root for?
Like, what's your club team?
Liverpool.
Oh, Jesus Christ.
I'm a Chelsea guy.
So you got Man City in the FA Cup semifinals.
Your team's a wagon.
I give you credit for that.
Yeah, they are, actually. If you sign a big ticket, will you take out a page in the FA Cup semifinals. Your team's a wagon. I give you credit for that. Yeah, they are, actually.
If you sign a big ticket, will you take out a page in the paper,
just like your buddy Zabrimovic or whatever the fuck his name is?
I'm going to try and say you're welcome, LA.
But I don't think I'll get that.
But I'm going to definitely try.
We mentioned you guys had a little bit of the injury bug lately.
What do you guys need to do to ensure that you hang on to a playoff spot
from here on out?
had a little bit of the injury bug lately.
What do you guys need to do to ensure that you hang on to a playoff spot from here on out?
I feel like still
we got to, you know,
it's tough because we have a lot of injuries and
stuff like that, but we still got to
keep playing our game,
play good D-zone and stuff
like that. We've been doing that pretty much all year.
You know, keep
shooting the puck. I think we had the most
shots in the league by any team for a while.
And, you know, that's been helping us too
and helping us scoring.
And, you know, special teams,
it's got to be huge for the last 20 games.
It hasn't been good for us all year.
There's something that we got to get better at.
And both PK and PP is kind of, you know,
it's always going to be a big factor,
especially in the playoffs too.
So that's something we got to work on and get better at here in the, in the last 20
games for us to keep, you know, keep our spot in the, in the playoffs.
I guess the last thing I was going to ask you, Kempis, I noticed you've been posting
with the same girl a lot.
You finally settled down with a nice lady.
I mean, you're, you're a hot commodity in LA, man.
No, I mean, come on.
Let's call a spade a spade.
Tatted up.
You're tatted up.
You're 6'2".
Free agent.
The big swinging dick on campus for the L.A. Kings.
Like, come on, man.
What happened there?
You got a girl?
Yeah, I do, actually.
Figured after a couple of years, you know, I needed someone to take care of me at home and feed me.
Mushroom. i couldn't
just eat garbage food all the time so uh it was it was nice to find someone that you know can help
me with a lot of stuff and i know she's great so put put a ring on it yet or no not yet no no no
no wait yeah slow down busy on air busy just he's just early in the game, right? Well, I mean, I figured if she's cooking the good meals, like it sounds.
Yeah, it will eventually maybe, but not yet.
In Sweden, we don't get married until we're like 30 at least.
They have a couple of kids.
Well, Kemp, you've came a long way since those little shin pads in Manchester, buddy.
And I'm really happy for you.
Congratulations on a good season so far.
And I know you guys got some work to do to get into playoffs here,
but good luck with the playoff push.
And we'll get you on a little later in your career,
especially after you sign the big ticket.
All right.
Sounds great.
Thanks for having me guys.
I really appreciate it.
Thanks for joining buddy.
Big thanks to Adrian for jumping on with us and let's go Kings baby.
I got a little cash on them.
So I'm rooting for him.
And his interview was also brought to
you by Game Time
are you looking for last minute deals to the Kings game
a concert or an NBA game or
anything else you need to check out
Game Time the new ticket
and app that makes it easier than ever to
score last minute deals
Game Time is the new exclusive
ticket and partner of Barstool Sports and
it's the only ticket and company that Vostal Sports uses to buy tickets.
It was created by fans for fans, and they guarantee the lowest prices
because they cracked the code on how to score late deals on last-minute tickets.
It's unreal.
If you're like me and you love to be spontaneous,
then Game Time is the app for you
because there's nothing like snagging awesome seats at the last minute
and not getting ripped off on the tickets.
That's the best part.
You want to sit in the glass and not pay an arm and a leg?
Check out the GameTime app.
The purchase process takes less than two taps in less than 10 seconds.
And once you buy your tickets, they're delivered directly to your phone.
There's no print-the-needed, nothing like that that the app also allows you to easily share your tickets with your friends
so you can pass and be a text so you can get your friends in the game seamlessly it's awesome
skip the hassle enjoy the moment go to game time the best part you get 20 off your first purchase
download the game time app go to the account tab to create a login and redeem the code CHICKLETS
for 20 off your first purchase.
Terms do apply, but check this stuff out, folks.
It's awesome.
I'm not sure if you used your GameTime app for the Washington Capitals game
Saturday versus New Jersey, but you would have had a very unique experience.
You would have been handed a spongy apple on the way in the door
for Nicholas Backstrom's 1,000 assists.
And then he scored a goal during the game, and, of course, everybody threw their apple on the way in the door for Nicholas Backstrom's 1,000 assists. And then he scored a goal during the game.
And, of course, everybody threw their apples on the ice.
I've seen a lot of scenes, obviously, biz hat tricks and teddy biz and whatnot.
I've never seen, like, spongy apples thrown on the ice.
And then the Capitals come on and cleaned up the fucking apples.
It was pretty funny, man.
Yeah, last time I saw something like that was the Rats with the Florida Panthers.
Scottie Bellenby, yeah. yeah last time i saw something like that was the rats with the florida pandas yeah
johnny van breezebrook was goaltender but uh no well deserved man what a career for this guy
a thousand points um you know just not on the contending team anymore
i'm fucking around guys come on don't get that i don't need i don't need you guys getting poopy pants over that one.
Yeah.
It was a unique scene.
I mean, we've never seen actual, like,
Nerf apples thrown on the ice before, so good stuff.
And congrats to Mickey Baskin.
Like the teddy bear toss, but with apples.
A little bit like that.
Also, we got to give a shout-out to Phil Kessel. He passed Doug Jarvis on the NHL's all-time IMA list.
He's now the number two man with 965 straight games in the lineup.
And he's only, what, let's see, 13?
No, I'm sorry.
I'm terrible at math.
23 behind our boy Keith Yandel.
Keith has 988 straight games.
The Flyers have 16 games left.
So, barring anything unforeseen,
our boy should pass 1,000 games. that would be an unreal thing if it happens.
I love it.
Looking forward to seeing that happen.
And Phil, amazing.
Amazing that those two guys haven't missed a game in this long.
Oh, my God.
Tom Wilson just threw the biggest hit ever on Trocek.
Oh, boy.
4-1 right now.
Trocek hopped up. I 4-1 right now. Trocek
hopped up. I think it's a clean
hit. No penalty.
Vinny can take a hit like Chris Rock.
Salary
cap is going up at least a million dollars
next year to 82.5 million.
It's been three years
with a flat cap, but at least it never went down
and now it's going up. I know there was a lot of
pessimistic outlooks when the pandemic first started, but at least it never went down, and now it's going up. I know there was a lot of pessimistic outlooks
when the pandemic first started, but this is a good thing.
It's going up a million dollars, and the league is going to discuss
extending the salary cap into the playoffs.
I know we've talked about the Kucherov stuff.
I'm suspecting, Biz, that it's a few GMs from teams
that are pissed off about it.
I honestly don't think they're going to make this change.
Do you, Biz?
Nope.
I think it's just something to talk about in the media, and
I think it's stupid. They should
worry about figuring out no trade lists
first. The players have to agree
to it, and I just don't think they ever would.
Exactly. Unless they gave them something
else. Unless they were like, here, take this, or
whatever. Because the players,
it doesn't help them.
So there's no reason for them to agree to it.
Yep, exactly, exactly.
NHLPA has to agree to it, and if they don't, then it's not going to happen.
So as a pair of NHLPA guys, we'll side with you boys.
The Frozen Four for the NCAA is all set.
Michigan will play Denver.
Minnesota will play Minnesota State.
Ironically, they're going to take place here in Boston.
April 7th is the semifinals.
The finals will be on Saturday.
The 9th, Northeastern and UMass
each lost a heartbreaker in overtime
Friday night. Then AIC,
Quinnipiac, Harvard, UMass,
also got bounced. So it's basically
mostly Midwest Frozen Four
along with one team from the South,
Colorado, has a team in Denver there.
So I get it.
I get it.
Earlier in the journey,
and they give their silent treatment to one of their boys after a goal.
Have you guys ever done that?
The guy scores a big goal and everyone ignores him in the room.
Is that,
I don't think that was a thing when I was playing.
Yeah,
that's new,
but that was a classic one being one of captains, and it's just dead silent.
And he's like, at one point, I think he started smiling,
and they went crazy.
So that was a cool video.
Yeah, pretty good stuff there.
Also, too, there were 13 first-round draft picks
playing college hockey this year.
Michigan had seven of them.
Obviously, they're still alive in the tournament.
They've been dominating.
So just a crazy stat.
Not so much the third team, but over half of them going to Michigan.
Let's see.
Lots of teams.
I hope we see a Fab Five type situation where they're in the final game
and they're just like the most colossal fuck up.
Didn't Chris Webber fuck shit up for them when he called the timeout
and he should know?
They didn't have any left.
Oh, baby.
They don't have one.
They're up three going into the third and they blow it would you consider that colossal yeah but like in terms of like what
you're saying it would have to be one individual which i'd never root for i never want to see that
but i know maybe maybe if the tying goal was one where they like were getting a power play and the
goalie came out and they like own gold put it in their own net. It's a tie.
We'll see.
Don't fuck it up, boys. You might have just talked
something into existence here.
You trusted the guy. You blew it.
Alright, what else
we got here, boys? G, do you have any
random topics before we finish
this podcast off?
What are the kids talking about other than Will Smith,
Smack, and Chris Rock? this was big on social media yesterday was you know every time
an NBA team loses the team will post a graphic you know the Brooklyn Nets lose they'll post a
graphic of Kevin Durant and it'll say the score so this guy Kenny Beachman he went back and you
know he he saw the LA Lakers the past few games hadn't posted a picture of LeBron when they lost.
So I believe the L.A. Lakers have lost just over 40 games this season.
So this guy, Kenny Beachman, went back through every social media graphic the team has posted during a loss this season.
And not one time has that graphic been a picture of LeBron James.
Does that surprise you? Every other team does their star player,
not one with LeBron.
What is the number of each player?
So like how many is Westbrook,
Brennan,
the graphic,
or is,
or is there not even another player in the last graphic?
He didn't go back and do that,
but he went to,
as far as to say that he went all the way back to the preseason games from
the beginning of the year.
And there was not one picture of LeBron James.
Now let me ask you guys,
do you think that is in his contract?
I'm not going to say something like that's in the contract with the agency.
And you can't put his picture up on a social media post when they lose,
but he could have told someone,
or he didn't even maybe have to tell someone, never put my picture up there.
I mean, that is maybe the most least surprising thing I've ever heard.
And I also saw Jimmy Butler on social media try to fight his coach last week.
Yeah, what did he say?
One of the most incredible clips I've ever seen,
but you can't tell what's happening.
Eric Spolstra, who a lot of people consider one of the top coaches in the NBA,
and all these coaches, they have to deal with the most ridiculous Texas size egos of all these
guys.
And he's so you,
the person in the stands,
it's probably like three or four rows back from the bench.
He's filming where Butler's backs to him.
And he's looking at Spolstra and there's a little bit of a intense
conversation.
And all of a sudden you can read
lips you can almost hear spolstra say what do you think i'm gonna fucking fight you like so it was
it was it was very evident jimmy butler somehow was like i want to fight you or like let's go or
something whereas immediately you see udonis haslam i hope i'm saying his name right who's an
from what i've read very well respected kind of tough motherfucker, NBA 15-year guy
who has three rings, I believe,
stand up and is like, I'll beat your ass to Jimmy Butler.
So all of a sudden it's like, and Jimmy Butler,
who's had some stories throughout his career
of just being, while an amazing player,
an enormous pain in the ass, from what I've read,
completely backs up.
Like, you could tell he wants zero smoke with this Udonis guy.
And just the fact that, like, he's saying something to where the coach has to say,
what do you think, I'm going to fucking fight you?
We're in the middle of it.
And the Miami Heat are the number one seed in the East.
So it's like this Jimmy Butler guy is just an absolute clown.
I would love to know what he said to get that reaction from Spolstra,
but it's,
it's a wild league.
It's a,
it's a,
it's a,
it's,
it's,
it's just dealing with egos.
It's dealing with guys who probably can't handle being wrong.
That's coming from somebody who's not exactly great at being wrong myself,
but I'll say this.
I've never seen a challenge,
a coach.
I've never tried to go a coach.
I've had a million coaches try to go me,
but it was a wild clip.
If you haven't seen it,
just Google Jimmy Butler,
Eric,
Eric Spolster,
because it's Spolster's faces of utter shock.
He's like,
Oh my God,
you think I'm going to fucking fight you?
I was wondering if there was ever confirmation of Butler challenging him to
fight because I was,
I don't think it came out,
but like,
what else would he have said? You know what I mean? For Spolster to fight because I was... I don't think it came out, but what else would he have said,
you know what I mean, for Spolster to say that?
I more think.
Yeah.
No, I mean, it doesn't take a detective.
You going to chime in there, G?
No, I was just going to say
I have two more crazy things on the internet
that the kids are talking about.
One being that a girl found out
that her biggest patron on OnlyFan was her father.
So that's a little fucked up.
And I hated Pianotere, the first love of my life.
Was she jamming herself?
Oh, yeah.
It was an explicit.
Wait, was he?
Yeah.
So she found out it was her father.
So that was a little fucked up.
How much has he spent?
Didn't say.
But she found out that her,
I mean,
maybe he's not watching and like,
so he's just getting money to her,
but that is disgusting.
Fucking sub allowance.
Just send her a Venmo,
buddy.
Her hitting the subreddit of 5,000.
Wait,
her getting the rabbit,
her,
her sitting on a Sibian,
giving her an allowance.
What's the next one so hayden panettiere
the first love of my life uh and her scumbag boyfriend got into a massive fight outside of a
bar after he allegedly spit on a patron after uh arguing about the bill so i wanted to ask you guys
what is the most fucked up thing you've ever seen at a restaurant? Probably R.A. waking up and eating Brett Merriman's food.
Really?
You're that old and that's the most like strangest thing you've seen in a restaurant?
I've seen a bunch of fights.
I've seen a bunch of.
I don't know, like, yeah, in bars, like I've never seen somebody fall asleep at a dinner
and then wake up and eat one of the person's meals that was then used. The only thing that comes to my head,
I actually told KB and Nick this in Wheeling.
They probably thought I was lying about this one too.
One of the restaurants in Wheeling,
my mom ordered potato skins,
you know,
the ones that are covered with like cheese and they got like the bacon bits
in it.
And Friday's has some good ones.
I think she took a bite out of it and then she's like,
Oh,
and then she took it out and there was a piece of chewed mint bubble gum in it. ones, I think. Yeah, she took a bite out of it. And then she's like, oh, and then she took it out.
And there was a piece of chewed mint bubble gum in it.
Like, I don't know, the cook must have.
I mean, yeah, fist fights, whatever.
I mean, but that's like, I guess, different than seeing one of those.
Maybe maybe a girl or a guy getting a drink cum chickled in his face. I think it was pretty funny, too, when they made.
face. I think it was pretty funny too. When, uh, they made, um,
I think Johnny LeClaire made Sid at our rookie party,
sit in a giant bowl of like 40 scoops of ice cream. That was pretty funny. And then scuds later on, Rob's Gary was eating the ice cream.
He's a big dessert guy. That's up there. That's up there for sure. All right.
What do you got some fight someday? One day you saw, you know,
I'm trying to think like,'t think oh you're so old
and you don't have one don't think too hard i know i'm just like trying to think like i'm not
wow you're this old you don't have one it's crazy no i i know that's that's why i've been struggling
for the last five minutes to think like some crazy thing i've seen in a restaurant and like i
you know i i don't have like like oh my god this like crazy restaurant story right so i said you
falling asleep and eating someone's meal.
You immediately jumped and said, that's the craziest thing you've seen.
And then you don't have one?
You got me.
I mean, yeah, it just taught me like passing out drunk at midnight
and waking up eating the closest food to me.
It wasn't that big.
Putting Gretzky in a headlock.
The conversation guillotine
would probably be number one on my list actually uh fuck off motherfucker i know i know to take a
cue when i go no but no honestly uh what i i'm trying to think of like a i mean i'm sure i've
gotten like food like a hair my fucking food or some of that type of shit oh that's crazy
at least i had the peppermint, spearmint gum. You'd
rather have a you'd rather have a four inch
blonde than a fucking one inch short and curly.
Trust me.
I'm done, boys. That's
it. That's a wrap. All right.
OK. All right. All right, boys. I can't
do we have anything else?
I'm going to bullet point a hip is
shout out to your compatriots
in Canada. They beat Jamaica 4-0.
They qualify for the World Cup for the first time.
Oh, yeah, that's great. I watch
every game, every minute of every game.
Huge news. If you don't want to do it,
I'll do it for Canada. Also,
Final Four, UNC versus Duke,
Villanova versus Kansas. If you root for Duke,
you're a fucking traitor, no matter
what. Unless you went to Duke, don't root for
fucking Duke. Also, shout out to Coda for winning Best Picture.
None of the other movies were worthy of it.
Not that they weren't worthy of it, but Coda fucking deserved it
just because it was an off year.
And what else here?
Oh, yeah, this is a sad news.
Foo Fighters drummer Taylor Hawkins passed away at 50 years old.
Terribly sad news, and I'm not going to sit here
and pretend I was the biggest
Foo Fighters fan in the world, but
anytime a young guy like that passed away,
whatever the circumstances are,
however it happens, it's sad,
it's awful, and this guy was part of an iconic band
that, you know,
maybe after my generation, but I know
what he meant to so many people.
He was Alanis Morissette's drummer for years.
You know, he's become a huge drummer in the annals of rock history
in the last 25 years.
We want to give our condolences to everybody
who is sad about the loss of Taylor Hawkins.
We're terribly sad to hear about it,
and we want to extend our condolences to everybody
who was affected by it.
Boys, any final thoughts before we close the show?
One thing, guys.
Pre-register for the Scorebet app,
and we will be in Toronto April 4th at Rendezvous
starting at 6 p.m. before the Leafs game.
Me, R.A., Biz, and the Merle man himself will be there.
Caps fans, 5-1.
5-1 for the Carolina Hurricanes.
There was your test tonight.
Nice. See you in the playoffs. Thank you for listening, guys. There was your test tonight. Nice.
See you in the playoffs.
Thank you for listening, guys.
Love you all.
Peace.
Have a great week, all.
As always, we'd like to thank our awesome sponsors here on Spit and Chicklet.
So, big thanks to everybody over at Pink Whitney and our friends at New Amsterdam Vodka.
Also, huge thanks to our friends over at Warroad.
T.J. Oshie taking care of the ship.
Great guy.
So if you're looking for some new premium activewear, check it out.
Big thanks to our friends at Cross Country Mortgage.
Whether you're looking to refi or buy for the first time, give those guys a check.
Also, big thanks to our friends at TaylorMade.
If you're on the golf course, give them a whirl.
Huge thanks to our longtime friends at Roman.
Guys, you know what the deal is.
Check them out.
And a big thanks to everybody at GameTime.
If you're looking for that last-minute ticket, check out GameTime.
Have a great week, everyone.
