Hey, Spittin' Chicklets listeners, you can find every episode on Apple Podcasts, Spotify, or YouTube.
Prime members can listen ad-free on Amazon Music.
This week's episode of Spittin' Chicklets is brought to you by Dunkin' Energy Punch, powered by Monster Energy.
You know, Mikey, first, we haven't recorded at night in a while.
I'm an old guy struggling to keep awake, man.
I'll tell you, the Dunkin' Punch hit me right where I needed it, dude.
Yeah, where would you guys be without that punch today?
Honestly, I mean, it's an electrifying combination, a monster energy drink,
and delicious Dunkin', either blue raspberry or strawberry flavors,
only at Dunkin' Donuts.
Everybody knows America runs on Dunkin'.
Of course, it started here in Massachusetts.
We invented America.
We invented Dunkin'.
You know, price and participation may vary depending on where you are.
It's a limited time offer.
So go out, crush your day with the new Duncan Energy Punch powered by Monster Energy and either
blue raspberry or the strawberry flavor. Remember everybody, America runs on Duncan. Price and
participation will vary. It's a limited time offer. So go out and get energized with the
Duncan Energy Punch.
Hello, everybody.
Welcome to episode 38 of Spittin' Chicklets, brought to you by Barstool Sports. What up, what up?
This is Brian Whitney.
Hello, gentlemen.
This is Mikey Grinnelli.
Grinnelli doesn't have a mic today.
He's a little bit of a muppet.
That's because we got two guests this week.
Yes, we do.
Right here.
We should have introduced right here.
Hello, say hello.
Dynamic duo.
Kevin Hayes.
And who we got?
Johnny Gajal.
Johnny Hockey and the Hizzy.
Rich Biaz.
So, you know what? This is actually an interesting episode for us. I'm rich, bitch! So, you know what?
This is actually an interesting episode for us.
I'm really feeling the vibe.
One, you know, because it's night.
Usually we record in the morning.
People don't understand.
But night, you know, it's summertime.
A couple frosties.
I haven't seen Hazy in a while.
A couple frosties for the wit dog.
And so it's great to have you guys here.
And we first want to get going.
You're here because of the ComAv charity classic.
Am I getting that name right?
Yes.
It's tomorrow night.
The whole time at BU did you good, huh?
Yeah, okay.
So I wish I could be playing in this, dude.
I would fucking.
I would try to put in a good word for you.
Malane said.
I got gassed.
Bad ankles.
They wouldn't even let me be the water boy.
Bad ankles.
People who don't know, it is BU alumni versus BC alumni.
The big rivalry.
You know, the calm half rivalry.
Mile down the road, you two.
I want to know who's winning the game
because BU's got Eichel, McAvoy.
Who else we got? Who else we got?
Coyle. Why is it someone else?
Special appearance, Keith
Yandel. For which team? BU.
Oh, wait a minute. Wow.
That seems like a rule-breaking
though. Funniest story ever, by the way.
People need to hear this story.
Keith Yandel's dad, Buddy, is just a complete legend.
Coached high school hockey in Massachusetts.
Coached me growing up.
So Keith wasn't great at school.
Kevin, would you agree with that?
He wasn't great.
Amazing hockey player.
But the Brown coach came up to Buddy at one of the games at Cushing Academy when Keith was playing there.
And he said, Buddy, I'm so-and-so.
We're really interested in recruiting Keith to have him come play hockey at Brown.
And Buddy goes, the only Brown Keith's ever going to see is in his underwear.
And the guy's like, all right.
He goes, yeah, he's probably going major junior where he went and is now dominated.
But that's my favorite Buddy Handel story.
So what have you guys been doing all summer?
Johnny, where do you usually work out during the summer?
Yeah, where are you living at?
Yeah, I live in South Jersey with my family down there.
I'm Pitt.
Jersey Shore is nice down there.
Come on.
Dude, you know you love the Jersey Shore.
Never bet.
If anyone wants to take me, I'm free.
Well, yeah, I'm down there in Jersey.
Workout and skate down there.
Mostly skate.
And then I go out to Calgary for a little bit.
I was actually just out there for the Stampede, which was crazy fun.
Let's get to that.
No one gave you a pair of cowboy boots.
I could have gave you my national boots.
Yeezys are so legit.
You see my tweet?
Yeezys on a horse.
You're an absolute baller if you're wearing Yeezys on a goddamn horse.
Can you fill in everyone
for people who don't know
because I never got
to experience the Stampede
like what it is.
It's a time and a half.
Yeah, I mean,
this is my second year going
and I think I'll go there
for the rest of my life
every summer.
It's just a lot of fun.
A ton of live music,
tents all around
and it's a pretty fun time. I think of live music, tents all around.
It's a pretty fun time.
I think Kev's already coming.
I signed a one-year deal for next year.
Just a one-year deal with a two-year option.
A little bit of a culture shock.
Guys from the Northeast doing the whole cowboy and wrestling and lasso stuff.
I mean, that's not stuff we're used to up here, is it? No, yeah.
There's a ton of rodeos, chuck wagon races, stuff like that.
And then towards the nighttime, there's some pretty big concerts.
Kind of less country now.
It's getting bigger, more of the diplos and kind of stuff like that.
I saw Bilesarians.
Yeah, he was there.
Johnny went to dinner with them.
Did you have a little supper with that guy?
Yeah, after the Dustin Lynch concert, he flew in.
So we went and got
Some late night Chinese
Who would meet him
Lynch and the owner
Paul Vickers of Cowboys
Down there
So it was pretty sweet
Yeah
That's a boss
Yeah
So were those girls around him?
Yeah
Shoot any guns to him?
Does he always have like
An AR-15 in his pocket
Yeah
No yeah
He ain't shooting blanks
So I'll tell you that
Hey yo
I do think I will say I will say That the stampede in his pocket. Yeah, no, yeah. He ain't shooting blanks, so I'll tell you that. Hey-oh. Hey-oh.
I do think,
I will say,
I will say that the stampede I've been told
by Mike Commodore,
who everyone knows,
Calgary,
I wouldn't say legend,
but everyone remembers him
for his hair.
He told me it was
the best thing going.
But he actually said
like watching
the legit stampede part of it
with like,
what are they called
when you're getting
bucked off the horse?
What's that called? Rodeo. Yeah, rodeo. That's nuts. I saw one in Edmonton. It was crazy. the legit stampede part of it with like, what are they called when you're getting bucked off the horse?
What's that called?
Rodeo.
Yeah, rodeo.
That's nuts.
I saw one in Edmonton.
It was crazy.
Yeah, I think I went and saw one that was,
the guy's riding a horse,
he jumps off
and he's got to tackle
and put a bull in a headlock,
a little bull,
and it was crazy.
You were thinking.
Yeah, you need some stones for that.
So just going back
to your summer workout,
now do you do all your workout
in South Jersey
with a lot of flyers?
Is there a same crew of guys?
No, I kind of just work out.
It's more of a college group.
My brother went to college, and then there's one other AHL guy.
But we keep it simple in there.
We have one trainer in there, and it's a small little group, but it's fun.
Actually, Anthony D'Angelo, who's playing with the Rangers, is working out there with us too.
So it's a small group, but we've grown up together, so it makes it fun.
Did you miss Boston after playing here for a couple of years?
Yeah, I do.
Actually, I miss it a ton.
It's a fun city to be in.
I miss playing with this guy a little bit, but it was fun.
It was a great time at BC and got to win an Addy there and a couple of bean pots.
Not a big deal.
Four bean pots.
Four for four.
You want four for four?
Yeah.
I went three for three, kid.
Oh, why don't you just put your cocks on the table?
You're going to do this.
Dude, my cock wouldn't reach the table.
Hold on, give me a minute.
I'm going to jump up.
We didn't even win my junior year.
We lost.
It was two for three.
What a Muppet move.
All right, so I wanted to get into BC, though,
because you guys weren't the same grade?
No.
I actually remember when I was in Newport, Rhode Island on a yacht.
Not a big deal.
Not a big deal for so many.
And Jerry York called me and was like, hey, I need you at the rink at 7 a.m., middle of summer, end of the summer.
Yeah.
End of the summer.
And I'm like, fuck.
All right, Jerry York's telling me to do things. I'm not in shape for this.
I got to do it.
So I drive my mom's blue convertible Audi down there.
Pop down?
No, no, no.
It's too early in the morning.
And he's like, we have this recruit coming, him and his brother.
You got to tour him around the campus.
And who but me to tour around the campus. Yeah, exactly. Big group around the campus. I know but me to tour around i don't i don't it's it out and uh so i
remember i pull up him and his brother and his dad or uh your mom was there too yeah um they're
out front and i'm not joking i had no clue what one i was like actually recruiting for the next
year because they're both like the same size they had they had khaki shorts on in the usa hockey polos that you get at the festival yeah so they both had it and i'm like
like i don't know what's going on and then i guess uh coach coach cavanaugh was like yeah this kid
just lit up the ushl and he decommitted because uh one of the coaches at northeastern left and
i'm like and then throughout like the first minutes, I still had no idea who,
like who was who.
And I remember walking around and not one of them
was saying a word at all.
And I'm like,
this is a library.
I'm like,
you guys could care less
about this place.
And I'm like,
all right,
I'll give him a good tour,
like the good places to go and stuff.
And then ultimately he signed
and he wore this terrible
yellow bucket
in captain's practice.
No, no, red bucket.
The debut.
Like he had the long cape. He had the big score in Switzerland. Yeah, exactly No, no, red bucket. The debut. He had the long cage.
He scored in Switzerland.
Yeah, exactly.
He had this red bucket on in practice, and we're all like, dude,
this is embarrassing.
There's no way this kid's going to help our team.
And we do a shootout at the end for whoever loses has to wear a hilarious
outfit at a tailgate.
No drinking.
No drinking.
And I remember he comes down on the break.
The freshmen go last because you want them to lose.
He comes down on his strong side and just goes bar down.
Who was the goalie, Mills?
Yeah, I'm parking him in a bar down.
We're like, all right, this kid might actually be legit.
And all of a sudden, he just lit it up, got nicknamed Johnny Hockey.
So I actually take.
Is Johnny, okay, was that Manziel's year?
Were you guys the same year?
It was Manziel's year.
He won it, and then I lost that year in the Hobie hat trick my sophomore year.
So your sophomore year was his freshman year when he was like Johnny Football.
Yeah.
So you didn't have Johnny Hockey your freshman year?
No, no.
Oh, shit.
Yeah, but your freshman year, you still had a big year, right?
Yeah, I did, all right.
He had five points his first game.
Did you really?
That's like Gianta.
Michigan State.
Gianta had five in the first period.
Gianta had five tucks in the first period.
You had four or five points in the first.
No, it was the second game we were in the icebreaker tournament.
Oh, second game.
Sorry.
Kev, you weren't a center yet.
You weren't a center.
Did you guys play together all three years?
Not until my senior year.
I had a word with the coaches.
And that's when you got 60 points.
You reached that foot.
Thanks, Johnny.
So it's kind of like you were Crosby a little bit?
No, no.
I'm worse.
I'm way worse.
Kevin's still nasty.
I'm busting chops.
So, all right.
So that's what I wanted to know.
Like, you kind of went into it.
But for you, Johnny, like, your whole life, obviously,
everyone's told you you're so small, blah, blah, blah.
But you were always so good.
That's the thing.
The clips we were talking about earlier, have you seen the clips when he's little?
Was that at the brick tournament?
Yeah, the brick tournament.
He does the same goals.
Can we get this on the Instagram, Grinnelly?
Have you seen this, dude?
I probably have.
I bet you have.
Behind the net, fake one-way wrap around strong side.
So you were always the best player going up.
So everyone kept telling me.
Worst style, though. Yeah. Socks over the the best player going up. So everyone kept talking about you. Worst style though.
Yeah.
Socks over the skates
up until he was like 12.
Oh no.
Behind the heel of the skate.
You did.
Behind the heel of the skate.
I did.
I did.
Yeah.
That's a Burlington move
like Grinnelli does.
So but what I'm trying
to get at,
I can't spit out questions,
is like did you just
keep believing the whole time
or were you just like I don't even know if I'll be in the nhl i just love hockey yeah no i didn't
i never thought i was gonna play no shit never until probably after my when did you know that's
my freshman year of college i went to development camp the next summer i was like i think i can
maybe maybe play in the hl and i was like maybe might be able to play in the nhl someday if i
three-time all-star. Three for three.
So your freshman year at BC, during that year at Beanpot, you're like, if someone asks you,
I'm not going to make the NHL. No.
No chance.
No.
I was playing next to Chris Cranmer.
This guy's going to play in the NHL.
No way.
I'm playing in the NHL.
Yeah.
And you see how fast in his body and you're just like, dude, I'm not this human.
Like look at me right now.
Yeah.
But then you look at him go offside by like 50 feet that one clip.
Just a horrific rider play.
So did you think he could play?
Be honest.
No, be honest.
I remember I heard about you.
I'm like, he's too small.
No, I remember during that captain's practice,
there's some freshmen who played in the USHL and some who played prep,
and everyone's like, all the kids in the USHL are like,
hey, I'm telling you, this kid is unbelievable like he lit it up that's what it
always was you hear from other people and then like the freshman that didn't play in the ushl
were like all right come on like get off of his fucking get off of him like he's not gonna make
it as like a freshman whatever yeah all right that's the ushl yeah exactly i played prep
this is hockey yeast and and then he just absolutely lit it up and i didn't get to
play with him until my senior year.
Thanks, Jerry.
I guess I had to pay my dues.
John, you went good draft on the fourth round.
Now, going into the draft, did you have any idea where you were going to go?
The fact you got passed over so many times pissed you off,
or were you just kind of happy to be there?
What were your thoughts on that?
No, I didn't even think I was going to get drafted.
No shit, really?
You didn't think you were going to get drafted at all?
I was ranked like 203 out of 211 North American skaters.
He's fired.
Imagine seeing the list of these kids, like works at Subway, bartender, UFC fighter.
Johnny Hockey.
So when they call your name, were you totally shocked?
I mean, you didn't have an inkling that you might get picked?
I was actually in the middle of a hockey tournament at my dad's rink called the Gatorade Tournament.
And I had a game that day.
I had no idea I was going to get drafted.
Played the whole game.
It was like the middle of the second or third.
My mom comes running around.
Science insurance wave.
My mom starts running around.
She's like, the GM, Jay Feaster, is on the phone.
You just got drafted to Calgary.
And I ran outside.
There's cement around the rink.
So I had to crawl on my knees outside.
I went and called him.
I'm like out of breath.
He's like, why are you out of breath?
I'm like, I'm in the middle of a game.
He's like, all right, I'll let you get back to it.
And then crawled back.
And I saw my mom on the stand right by the bench crying.
And I'm like, why is she here?
She's like, Cal is she so far away?
Why did you
get drafted there?
I'm like,
oh,
geez.
Here we go.
Thanks a lot,
mom.
I just got
fucking drafted.
I didn't even
think I was
going to get
drafted.
I was just
worried about
where I'm
getting drafted
at.
But no,
she was happy
for me and
it was a
pretty cool
experience.
She's like,
I've seen
clips of the
party during
the summer
called the
Stampede.
I don't hate you around miles areas.
Yeah.
All right.
So I want to get a little into this goon, right?
So then we get the first round pick.
The young stud out of Boston dominated your entire life pretty much, I would say.
No?
I went through a pretty fat phase where I was brutal.
But you were still good then.
P-H-A-T or F-A-T?
Both.
F-A-T. Both. All right. So you're nobles? Yeah. fat like a pretty fat phase where you were still good then yeah phat or fat fat both
when all right so you're you're probably nobles yes seven eight ninth grade and then we're in
10th and then i worked out with brian mcdonough i actually took it serious oh you didn't you
started working on 10th grade huh seventh grade so so me jimmy what were you what was your diet no lays chips lays chips in the
morning yeah oh yeah there wasn't i didn't even know how to spell diet at that time but no we
were in brian mcdonough eps uh first group it was me my brother joe callahan and jordan virtue
joe callahan's a beauty oh one of the best guys ever, yeah. And I remember he was professional, and I was a little twerp,
and he donated medicine balls to the gym.
And I'm like, that's my goal is I want to be able to make enough money
to donate medicine balls to a gym.
Flying private to the Yellowstone Club isn't in my radar.
I want to get a medicine ball.
I want to give it to the gym.
I'll put my name on it.
But, yeah, and then 10th grade I kind of grew a medicine ball. I want to give it to the gym. I'll put my name on it. But yeah, and then 10th grade, I kind of grew into my body.
I grew like a fucking bunch of inches and stuff.
And then, yeah, I did it the right way, I think.
I played 23 high school games and then didn't play hockey until the draft.
That's just, I know.
And it's so uncommon now.
Like I think, so what are you  you were born in 92?
Yeah.
All right.
So I'm 10 years  11 years older than you.
And it was more normal with me.
But that's when it kind of started where like no one  you played junior before, junior after.
And it would just be like a long season.
Before, like Mike Motto, dude, it was 20 games.
And then you played another sport.
And I think in a sense it was good.
Oh, no, for sure.
But did you stay at Nobles through graduation?
11th grade, and then I skipped my senior year,
transferred to Westie High.
That's where you're?
Yeah, graduate.
Wait, West Roxbury?
Yeah, West Roxbury High, and went to BC.
They got, like, knives and guns in the corners of the diploma.
That's like, well, I think, like, Grizzie,
he actually technically graduated from Charlestown High School,
which is kind of hilarious.
Oh, because you were advancing to U.K. Yeah, so I didn't have enough credit to graduate
Nobles, but I had enough credit to graduate Westy.
And then I went to school a year early.
But I actually... Funny story.
So you're a product of Boston Public Schools.
Shout out. No, a week and a half ago,
eight years later, Nobles
gave me a diploma. About a week and a half ago.
Stair still hasn't given me one.
Because I left
for the national program.
Neither one of you guys
got invited?
No, I never even got invited.
No, me neither.
Isn't that like,
I mean,
that program has produced
some amazing players,
but it just shows
how late bloomers
you can be found anywhere.
I got to ask,
what's that D on the hat?
That's not the Cowboys.
Is it Dynamo Moscow
and the Cowboys?
Oh, okay, no.
No. Sorry, Comrade Whitney. Oh, yeah. I'm just kidding? That's not the Cowboys. That's Dynamo Moscow in the college. Oh, okay. No.
Sorry, Comrade Whitney. Oh, yeah.
I'm just kidding.
It's just the Dodgers.
It's just a spring training hat.
I'm a big hat guy.
I probably have close to like 200 hats.
When I eventually become a millionaire, never.
I'm going to have a room this size just with all my hats.
You'll see a bunch of shitty radio right now.
You guys watched the ESPYs last night at Big Hockey?
A little bit.
Big sports guys, you watching, Johnny?
A little, yeah.
PK was putting on a show with Sully.
Sully's Snapchat.
PK, did you see the line he said to the girl about Lindsey Vonn looking hot?
So he was getting interviewed before.
By Hannah Storm. By Hannah Storm.
By Hannah Storm.
What was the line?
He said, oh, it's hotter out here.
It's hotter on this carpet than Lindsey Vonn because she's hot.
And Hannah Storm was interviewing.
She kind of chided him a little bit.
She's a very powerful, strong woman.
Couldn't even say a girl's good looking.
You got Hannah Storm barking down your tree. Can't do anything. We know Hannah want me. Dude, couldn't you just say, hey, girl, it's good looking. You got Hannah Storm barking down your tree that you got to be like,
she's athletic.
Yeah, we know Hannah.
Jesus.
That's Espy's talk by us.
Did you see the joke he played on Edelman?
He had a Boston police badge on him, and he walked over to Edelman.
He's like tapping on his shoulder.
He's like, can I talk to you for a minute, Boston police?
But Edelman looked at him right away and goes,
you're not that hockey player, dude.
Like, he called this fucking bluff right away.
Absolutely not.
It was freaking hilarious.
I want to go to NHL talk quick.
All right.
So you guys, have you played against each other how many times?
Six.
Who's got more points?
Would you even know?
After two, it was me.
Really?
The first year.
Johnny had a quick four-pointer.
Yeah, probably.
I don't know
I'm not really sure
It might be close
No, remember you picked off
Yans' pass
Yans tried to go
Goal line to far blue
Oh, yeah
Picked it off
Straight up pizza
In the slot
Bar down
Pizza
I think I remember that
Keith's like, fuck
Now, when you guys
Play against each other
Like that
Do you guys want to
Like fucking bury each other Or you guys want to fucking bury each other?
No.
Or do you just want to score on each other?
What kind of mental coach do you have?
Score for sure.
I don't think I'd ever hit this guy.
You don't hit anyone, dude.
No, man.
You had a great year this year.
It's unfortunate that you weren't a free agent.
You've got to now do it again, which I'm sure you will.
But that's what I wanted to talk about.
In terms of your training, I kind of lost my train of thought.
You said you were a fat kid when you were little, right?
Last summer, how much weight did you lose?
24.
24 pounds.
You noticed it that much on the ice this year right away?
Oh, yeah.
So we played golf at the same place.
Shout out Wally World.
Doesn't rain over Wally World.
Golf big lefty, likes hitting a big hole draw.
But I started noticing this kid looked thinner and thinner.
Finally, we find out he loses that much weight.
And then right when camp started, Alain Vigneault said,
Kevin Hayes has been our most impressive player in terms of coming back.
Did you remember him saying that?
Something like that makes such a difference in terms of that confidence
starting the year. Yeah, it's great.
I mean, you always take compliments. It makes you
feel better about yourself. But
I had a good rookie year. I had a
below average second year.
And I was healthy scratch to end
the season in the playoffs.
Who wants to do that? That's such
a shitty way to end the year. And we lose.
Like postseason, like Bender, you're like
I can't even go party. Yeah.
I went home, took five days off total.
Good for you. And then, I mean,
you can't be, like, the boys lose and you can't even
like you did nothing.
You can't even be like, how about that battle
I lost before? Dude, you were in the stand
with popcorn. Yeah, literally.
Popcorn. So have you ever been scratched?
No way. Anywhere, anytime?
Yeah. My
fourth game in the NHL, we were playing Columbus,
and I thought I was getting sent down.
I talk to my GM all the time and give him a hard time.
But he's like, yeah, if one of our players didn't get hurt that game you got scratched,
we were sending you down the next day.
And I was like, really?
That's breaking news.
Is that a lie? Yeah. you down the next day and i was like really so that's breaking news yeah yes so i mean uh i had to i got in the next game against winnipeg i remember like it was yesterday i was like
i need to do something tonight like how many points did you have no two a goal and assist i
remember like it was yesterday i scored a wraparound goal and had like an a measly assist but still
i was so happy and then kind of just
took off from there but i was i asked my gm all the time he was like you were so close to being
sent down i don't think it's just a big joke now yeah now he's like we're just gonna run with it
we're just gonna know that he wasn't going anywhere so why those first three games were
you just like holy like what was your best you played right after the season. One game. One game and you scored, right?
Burn off that ELC one year.
Yeah, right off the bat.
A little closer to the UFA.
I don't want to put you on the spot,
but is that something that the team kind of dangles
for an incentive for you to maybe leave school earlier?
For sure, yeah, definitely.
I still think I would end up leaving
even if they didn't do that.
But it kind of screwed me at the end because I had no rights last summer at the end when I was trying to sign.
So I was kind of just stuck there because I couldn't go to arbitration or I couldn't get an offer sheet.
So it's pretty much.
Oh, they ended up screwing you then.
Yeah, I mean, I still got a great contract.
I'll never.
You think?
Yeah.
Oh, by the way, our round is I'll never, you know what I mean? Yeah. Yeah. Oh, by the way, your round is up.
Actually,
you know what though?
It's,
you have an amazing contract.
You're set for life.
I'm so happy for you,
but dude,
it's crazy.
You see like two more years,
you're like,
I could have got fucking way more.
It's nuts how quickly it's gone up,
which I love seeing.
You guys,
I mean,
I love seeing people get paid.
I love it.
Everyone's like,
that guy's overpaid.
No one's overpaid. No one's overpaid.
No one's overpaid, dude.
That's the thing.
We see it with the NBA, Curry making 40 million.
And all these people are like, oh, teachers should make money.
Shut up.
My father's a fireman.
Trust me.
It has fucking nothing to do with professional athletics.
It's a private industry.
The contract is that the players have to get paid X amount of fucking dollars out of this thing.
They're going to make the money, and that's how it works.
And owners make bank.
Exactly.
It's not taxpayer money.
If you don't want to participate, then don't buy tickets.
Don't buy the thing.
Nobody's taking any money out of people's pockets.
I can't stand it.
We're very pro-fucking NHL.
As you can see by the guy on the couch here, we're pro overpayment
on this podcast. It's what we're
into. The market is what it is.
Guys, the best players are going to make
the most money. As we saw, Conor McDavid
just signed for a little over 12 million.
How nasty is he?
I know it's Calgary, I haven't seen, but...
I remember it was my first practice
at World Cup, and I'm like,
holy shit.
This guy is good.
It's different shit.
And then I played one game with him, and we had a pregame skate,
and we were doing a forecheck, backcheck, breakout kind of thing.
And, you know, I throw the puck in first.
I'm like, I need to go chase it first because I dumped it in.
And Connor just comes out of the blue like 30 steps in front of me just flying
and it's a pre-game skate and i'm like and i'm like oh my god this is ridiculous and cobwebs
off i i'm like jesus and he was he's honestly he's a fun player to play with he's smart and uh
just a great guy too which makes it even better he's uh he was a great guy for our team and uh
that was fun huh that that that, it sucks about the Olympics.
I think both you guys would be on Team USA.
That's what really, I'm sure, bums you guys out.
Yeah, it still could happen, I think.
Yeah, I hope so, dude.
I don't know, though, man.
Either way, dude, even if you don't make it to break,
oh, the break, dude.
You can go anywhere.
You can go anywhere you want for 10 days.
Yellowstone Club.
You think it can still happen?
The only thing, they announced the All-Star game.
I know.
I think that obviously could be a threat, though, too, to make it.
But I just hope, for your guys' sake, that it gets to go down.
South Korea is beautiful in February.
I might be the trainer.
I'll put in a good word.
I'm a soul man.
All right, so What did we go into
We went to
Oh I went here
Where was Rookie Parties
And what'd you
Did you guys get pounded on the bill
No we just had a max
Max five grand
Me too
Both teams
That must be a new thing
I think it's
I think it's starting to
Become a bigger trend there There were like the 18-20k stories And you're like No but it's starting to become a bigger trend there.
There were like the 18, 20K stories and you're like, dude.
No, but it's crazy because if a kid, a young kid gets called up,
I remember I think a kid got called up and we were like,
did we put him through a rookie party?
He just got called up.
Yeah, like is he getting one game?
Let's look at his hockey DB.
Imagine if we charge him.
Well, the only good thing is If you ever get
I always knew that if you paid one once
You didn't have to pay it again
But in terms of that kid got one game
You're like we can't charge him
Unless the GM tells you this kid's a stud
He's going to be up here for you
My rookie party
I remember it was in San Jose
Tough No Rookie party, I remember it was in San Jose. Tough place.
No, so listen.
Which year are my ones?
It didn't go the way it was supposed to be planned,
and McDonough's like, our captain, he's like,
fuck it, I'll just eat this one, and we'll just plan a different one.
I love him now.
Yeah.
I love that guy.
That's awesome.
And so we did that, and then it ended up being in Wash
because we were there for a bunch of days at the end of the season.
And it ended up being a blast.
But then the next year, I was one year too late,
McElrath and Lindbergh, their rookie party was in Miami on New Year's Eve
at Live at the Weekend in Kygo concert.
No, no.
That is an all-time rookie party right there.
That's the best one
I've ever heard, dude.
I was in like St. Louis,
I think,
or something like that.
It was unreal.
So you got to be
a part of it at least
and you weren't
the rookie paying.
Johnny, so I got to ask.
Yeezys on a horse.
That's probably
the coolest picture
I've ever seen.
What were you thinking?
He's wearing Yeezys
out all day.
He's like, I'll get on the fucking horse.
I don't care.
No, yeah.
I was supposed to go the next day to get a pair of cowboy boots,
and we didn't end up going, and I woke up the next morning.
I just bought two pairs of knockoff Yeezys, if it makes you feel better.
10.99.
Dude, you got the young Jeezy's.
Yeah.
Yeah.
I like it.
I like it.
Wait, but you can't tell the difference with the naked eye?
No way.
Yeah, you get up close and personal.
Well, yeah, when you get up close.
Girl, I'm going to ask you.
These things are fake.
I'm out.
I'm just hoping to get to that point, though.
If I get to that point, it's a win.
If I get them back, if I get them back, that's just a win.
You got some boots for him.
Look at those things.
Look at those shit kickers.
I should have brought these out there.
That's what you wore in Nashville?
Oh, Nashville, man.
Talk about a place to play, huh?
Yeah.
I love seeing that.
Like, that was fucking awesome.
Yeah, I mean, it's...
They got some...
Sick.
That Broadway is awesome.
Best place for a...
Even if, like, you're not even, like, looking to go out,
it's just cool to walk around there. I know. The area's awesome. We have for a read. Even if you're not even looking to go out, it's just cool to walk around there.
I know.
The area is awesome.
We have a guy on our team.
JT Miller has a guy's trip there every summer.
Really?
So I always get him and the guy from Silicon Valley confused.
JT Miller, can we get the retell the deer story on his place, the tattoo of the deer?
I know people definitely
might have not heard
the first time he told us.
He's a big, big hunter.
And no one knows
if he's actually killed a deer or not.
But he hunts all the time.
And I remember Jens,
we were eating, I think,
in Pittsburgh at the Capitol Grill.
And there was a deer
hanging from the wall.
And Jens is looking at it funny.
Everyone's like, what's he doing?
He's like, I'm just seeing if this deer has a tattoo of JT on him
because Millsy has a deer tattoo on the inside of his arm.
It was unbelievable.
You know, the whole team started dying.
But, no, you'll love this.
So when he was in Hartford, he built off the side of the rink in the parking lot
like a tree stand, and he would just go hunt.
He was in the AHL, and he was hunting post-practice.
No, pre-practice.
I remember he was telling me the story.
Our assistant GM goes out there looking for Millsy,
and he's out of the tree stand hunting.
They're like, Millsy, come down here.
We're going to go to the 2-1-2 break.
Got him.
Oh, no, you didn't.
You missed him.
You still don't have a kill.
Johnny, just going back to Calgary, you guys, the organization made some moves in the offseason,
brought in Mike Smith for goaltender, traded for Travis Hamannik from the Islanders.
Mike Smith, good deal right there.
Yeah, you've made the playoffs two out of your three years.
What's your feelings on the organization going forward?
I mean, are things looking better for Calvary?
Not that they've been bad, but, I mean, are they a team on the rise, you think?
You've got a pretty solid team.
That little bird is back.
Yeah, yeah.
I'm really looking forward to next season.
I think, like you said, there's a couple big pickups, a couple big signings.
Our defense, they've got to be some of the top D.
Top four can kind of play with anyone, I would say.
Mike
Smith, I'm just looking forward to
playing three on three with that guy.
He's probably going to get you a few helpers this year.
That guy goes out and throws sauce
passes and toe drags and stuff.
Johnny just finds a way to get
eight breakaways.
Him and Grabner must lead the league in breakaways every year.
Yeah, but Goudreau buries most of his.
If Grabner actually scored, he gets.
Dude, Grabner's an amazing player.
By the way, you see him jumping out of the pool on his Instagram?
Yeah, that's kind of ridiculous.
But if he could score 10 of his breakaways, he's getting 35.
He probably gets 30 a year.
No, no, like 300 a year, actually.
I'll change it.
Every game he gets two, for fuck's sakes.
But he buries most of his, I would say.
Yeah.
All right.
So, yeah, going back to the playoffs.
So two times you've been in the playoffs, correct?
And you've been eliminated by the Ducks twice so far.
Yeah.
What kind of feeling did the, you know, you guys were swept this year?
I thought you just played them pretty tough. I mean, Anaheim's a tough team. They got to the conference finals. Yeah. What kind of feeling did the, you know, you guys were swept this year? I thought you just
played them pretty tough.
I mean, Anaheim's a tough team
that gets to the conference finals.
Yeah.
You know, what kind of taste
did this season
leave in your mouth?
Is it bitter or is it like,
all right, we made some strides,
we got the playoffs,
people didn't expect us to,
you know.
I think my first year
in the playoffs
was a little less deserving
to get in there
and then we played Vancouver
and ended up beating them.
Well, you tore the shit out of it, by the way.
You have nine points in 11 games, correct?
Not a big deal.
But, yeah, and then this year, this season,
it's kind of bitter taste.
I think we could have easily won maybe a game or two,
a game in Anaheim at least,
and then we were up, I think, 4-1, 5-1.
That was the game.
I bet on you guys. I wanted you guys dead. Game three, and then they were up i think four one five one that was the game in game three guys i wanted
you guys dead in game three and then they came back and beat us in overtime and i was like well
it's gonna be tough to come back after losing four one in game three and it was difficult but
uh yeah like you said i think it was a good season for us uh you know new coaching staff um you know
a lot of new faces in our locker room. I'm really looking forward to next season.
I want to ask about one of your teammates this past year.
Kind of a bit of a menace out there, Matthew Kachuk.
Not necessarily a local guy.
Actually, he's like your 17th cousin, right?
Half the fucking team.
Half the league seems like it's related to the Hayes, Fitzgerald, Kachuk clan.
Talk about what he did and how much of a menace he seems to be on the ice.
I mean, he's a hell of a player, but he really seems to have
He doesn't give a shit, huh?
No, he really doesn't.
I love that.
It's pretty cool, yeah.
Look at his dad.
I know.
Walt.
You know, funny thing, Walt, we were with him at dinner,
and he's justMatthew will kind of just bring up something random,
and Mr. Kachuk will just be like, Matthew, you have 20 games.
Shut up.
You're a rookie.
Keep your mouth shut.
That's old school.
Imagine how old school he was.
And I'm like, I'm nervous to talk in front of him right now.
But, no, he's a great player.
He's a lot of fun.
He's a great player in our locker room.
Good teammate.
And, yeah, he definitely likes to stir the pot a little bit on the ice,
which is great.
We need a guy like that.
Yeah, you need like a Moshon type guy who's also talented.
I mean, he's very talented too, you know.
You know who's an unreal player that nobody knows about is Backlund, I think.
Oh, Bax, yeah.
That guy, man, is so underrated, I think.
Nobody talks about him, but a solid second-line center.
Yeah, for sure.
I think they were probably our top line this year,
that Kachuk, Froelich, and Backlund.
Backs and Froelichs always give Chucky a hard time.
They've never been in so many scrums before in their life
at the start of this season.
He's like, please stop.
One of those guys who goes to the bar
and drags all his buddies into a fucking scrap.
So do you know the answer to the long, long question of why Berkey doesn't tie his tie?
Yeah, I think I can answer it.
Really?
Yeah.
What do we got?
All right.
So we asked him, I think it was this summer sometime.
And the only reason why he wears it like that is it pisses people off.
That's so Berkey.
That's what I should have guessed.
That's so Berkey.
I figured most people would guess that
But yeah
He was telling me
He's like
It just makes people mad
So I'm going to do it
Even more now
And I said yeah
I guess it's fair enough
Yeah he played down
In Providence
Yeah yeah
Actually went to
Harvard Law School too
If I'm not mistaken
Oh HBS
Oh yeah
It's not a big deal
HLS
Going back
I remember
You and your brother
Going to the old garden
wearing Winnipeg Jets number seven.
Matt, who's a good old man, man.
Dude, he would have them sign it like eight times.
He's like, Keith, I already signed it.
Kevin's got like a culotta.
Doesn't make him a bad guy.
I might have a few Kachuk.
I might have an autographed Kachuk pot in this house somewhere.
Let's switch up a little, guy.
Big, huge fight next month.
Dude, what do you think?
McGregor, Mayweather, what's your take, man?
What do you got?
You a boxing fan, an MMA fan, a little bit of both?
What?
I mean, I guess a little bit of both, but McGregor's an animal, and he's a riot.
He's a full-blown comedian.
Saying, why do you carry a book bag?
You can't even read.
His walk after he wins, the one that Pat McAfee does after his punts,
that's just top-notch stuff.
Like Vince McMahon doing the strategy.
That's top-notch stuff.
But, I mean, it's common sense.
If it's MMA, McGregor's going to win.
I don't think McGregor has a chance against Mayweather.
He's the best. What about John? Sorry, what about John? He just doesn't defend so well. I think McGregor's going to win. I don't think McGregor has a chance against Mayweather. He's the best.
What about John?
He just does what he thinks.
McGregor's going to win. Do you?
He's like, I'm an underdog too.
DMs him on Instagram. He's like, no one
thought I'd be in the show.
You can beat him.
I'm kind of hoping he does too.
I'm a fan of him.
I want McGregor to win.
I'm going to bet him because I refuse McGregor to win. I do.
For sure.
I'm going to bet him because I refuse.
I'll bet it knowing that the money's gone.
Not a big deal.
If he ever were to win, be like, I bet against.
Are you throwing money away on Oliver Diggs?
I already bet him.
People are throwing you money.
It's like, no, I'm going to make a bet.
I feel like it's good to bet it now because I think it might get worse off.
The odds are going to make a bet I feel like it's good To bet it now Because I think It might get worse The odds are going to go down Because
Right
And because the odds
Are going to go down
Because very few people
Are going to risk
800 or 600
To make 100
On Floyd
Where you can put
100 to make
Fucking a nickel
On Connor
It's a no brainer
So once all those
Irish turkeys
Show up in Vegas
They're going to pound it
The line might go down
I took fucking McGregor 20 to 1 In a decision because, I mean, let's face it.
They went 12 rounds?
Exactly.
Mayweather is not an offensive fighter.
And I love listening to millennials, man.
I know.
Ask a millennial.
The greatest ever.
I'm a millennial, apparently.
These kids, they never even saw a fucking Tyson fight.
They probably never watched an old Ali fight.
Yeah, Mayweather's 49 and over.
He fought in probably the least fucking prevalent boxing.
I mean, the era of boxing has been great.
There have been a lot of great boxes.
Exactly, which means that it's going to go the distance, I think.
I think that he's going to evade him.
McGregor's going to come at him.
I think it's going to go the distance, and fuck me, anything can happen.
You sound like, what's the guy that does the ringside announcing?
That does the judging.
What's his name?
Oh, let him in. Let him in. Let him in. I don't like him right now. He's looking good. He's got the ringside announcing. That does the judging. What's his name? We have gone the distance.
Let him in.
Let him in.
Let him in.
I don't like that right now.
He's looking good.
He's got the shamrock tattoo.
He's got a little sweat
coming down the brow.
He might come at him, Jimmy.
We've gone the distance here.
I mean, I just think that
if anything,
someone's getting knocked out.
Someone's like,
and it'll probably be McGregor
just trying to knock him out
and he'll just catch one on the butt.
Yeah, but I mean,
I heard a vicious rumor, though.
Let's hear it.
That Hazy said 99's too expensive for the HD,
so he's getting the standard differential for 86 bucks, dude.
Yeah, that's so painful.
Please, you know he's going to be on Reddit getting the...
So, Mayweather Pacquiao, worst fight ever.
Yeah, yeah.
Worst fight ever.
My buddies from college are over in my apartment,
and I'm like, yeah, hey, we'll watch it at my place and then we'll go to bed.
Yeah.
And the kid rents it.
And it's like two minutes before the fight.
And it's like, nowadays, you get text messages like, did you confirm this?
Can you confirm you bought this?
And it says standard definition.
And I'm like, oh, my God.
What if someone ever walked in and I was watching standard definition on TV?
You got to rebuy it.
I had to rebuy it for HD.
That's your change drawer anyways, dude.
That's when you're like, thanks, bro.
So 20 to 1 for McGregor to win by decision.
I know I'm not saying it's going to happen.
But interesting bet. 25-1
for a draw.
No way. Dude, boxing is just corrupt
as fuck, dude. It wouldn't shock me one
bit if it's a draw and then they've got to do it again.
They're going to do it again.
Either way, maybe. There's going to be three fights.
There's going to be three fights, like Mickey Ward
versus Arturo Gatti. Dude, I was at
the second one. Head body, head body.
Unbelievable. Dude, I'll tell you second one. Head body, head body.
Dude, I'll tell you.
Have you ever been to a fight in Vegas?
No. Have you ever?
I have not.
That would be pretty sick.
As long as Suge Knight and Tupac are out there, it's usually a fucking pretty good time.
But there's nothing like it, man.
The atmosphere in the city, the whole vibe, the buildup.
I've been to a couple fights there.
It's a fucking dynamite time.
It's just interesting.
You've got a guy who's not a boxer fighting a guy who is a boxer on the boxing rules.
And I think it's great.
I think he's going to catch one on the button.
I think he's going to catch one, dude.
I don't know.
I think McGregor's going to go for it and just go down.
And it's going to be a rematch.
Let's see what happens, man.
Speaking of Vegas, dude, Lady Bing, congratulations.
Thank you.
Yeah, thanks.
What would you like better, Hobie or Lady?
Hobie.
I don't know. Both the same. Hobie's Yeah, thanks. What would you like better, Hobie or Lady? Hobie. I don't know.
Both the same.
Hobie's sick, man.
Hey, dude, Adam Oates won the fucking Lady Bing, so don't let anybody touch that shit.
No, Lady's sick, especially if you're fucking his size.
No, it was a lot of fun.
I mean, the Hobie, I got to win it and went back to school and got to celebrate with my teammates after that.
It was really, really awesome.
And then Lady Bing, I mean, it was really, really cool to win that.
But I'm kind of only with one teammate there.
And, I mean, still in Vegas, which is a great time.
But it doesn't suck.
Golden Knights.
Yeah, just two different kind of things to win.
And I had kind of different takes on it.
But I think I might want to go with the Holbees because, you know,
I'm celebrating with my teammates
and we got to go back to BC after my first game in Vancouver after I won.
They were celebrating with me about that too, which was pretty cool.
Oh, because of your goal.
Yeah, because of my goal too.
And then I won the Holby too, so they were all pumped up for me.
Can I tell the check story?
The what?
The check in your pocket.
Yeah, you have to.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
You kind of have to now.
My mom, oh, jeez, she was not happy about this this guy comes back little manny ramirez this guy comes
back and he's we're all at ma's only the seniors yorkie because underclassmen are not allowed there
and uh he walks into the frank walks into the into the uh the bar and with my buddy Colin Scaff
and we're just chilling there drinking
and John's like, oh shit, I gotta go put this check
in the bank. And we're like, oh, okay.
Thinking
500 check or something, right?
The guy has his signing
bonus check in his pocket
at 11pm.
Thinks he can stick it in the teller.
Place is closed.
Hey, I have the check for 300,000.
Can I just put this into the machine?
Into the machine.
I'm going to take 100,000 back to the cash place.
And we're like, oh, I haven't signed yet.
I've never seen money like that.
And I'm like, what the hell is going on?
How much was it?
92,000.
Yeah, 92,000.
Like wrinkled up?
Yeah, like wet.
He used it as a coat.
How was that not mailed to you?
How did you have that check?
I was in Calgary.
I got to stay for like three days after the one game
because I got to go to the end-of-the-year team party.
And I got to go to
What a day that was.
Yeah, it was awesome.
I was there for two, three nights.
But then, yeah, so I wasn't able to check the cash that night.
But he made sure
he could take me the next day and we went right in the yeah we're going out tonight too my mom's
like i need new tank top she's like what are you doing you put on your debit card like oh yeah so
but he made sure he made sure that i knew where the bank was and he came with me so let me hold
that i was johnny's guardian at BC.
His mom would ask me to make sure he's doing this and this and this.
He's like, Mom, I know he comes off as this gentleman.
You don't understand what he's really like.
I need to take care of him.
Does the B-U-B-C shit ever come up on the ice,
or is that just kind of like, eh, whatever?
I mean, there's so much other shit to talk about,
like talk shit about.
Never on the ice, but those games were awesome.
Those are unbelievable.
Those are some of my most memorable games,
like home and home, Friday, Saturday night.
Your crowd stinks, dude.
You know it.
But now the new BU arena is a little too big.
It's not as loud.
Like Walter Brown was great.
I still think Gannis is an amazing rink,
but it's like sometimes you just want it as loud as possible.
But, no, I remember my brother's, like, sophomore year,
they were, like, known as the library, the BC fans.
But now, like, but they  Before I was there.
They completely turned it around, probably because of this guy.
But, like, no, I remember, like, those Notre Dame games.
Notre Dame games. It was insane. Like, best i remember like those notre dame games it was
insane like best crowds i've seen like really and it was loud yeah and like it was like to the point
where like yorkie's writing in the what was like the eagle nest the paper and like thanking the
fans like he was shocked at how many people were there obviously to entice him to keep coming but
like it was insane my four years that we had great fans j. Jerry York gives a letter in and the paper's like,
we're just going to proofread.
He's like, no, no, I checked the grammar.
It's perfect.
Kev, obviously playing New York City, Manhattan,
the fucking center of the universe, all that.
What's your favorite part of playing in Manhattan
and your least favorite part of playing in Manhattan?
The least favorite part is just the fans.
They're the best fans.
But at the same time, if you're not playing well, they can  Up your ass.
Oh, yeah.
Dude, and they give you quick, man.
Oh, yeah.
No, we really do.
The fans in New York are unbelievable.
They're diehard.
They live and die through the Rangers, the Mets, the Yanks, the Giants.
And then once one team loses, they just come on to the other.
And it was nice.
My first year, everyone was great.
And then my second year was not so good.
It was just you nonstop.
You couldn't go all out.
You heard from them.
So they come up right up to you in a bar and be like, you fucking suck.
I mean, yeah.
Not indirectly, but yeah.
Well, it's New York.
They know.
But it's the greatest place to play in the world.
You ask anyone else in the NHL, where would you want to play?
A lot of people are saying New York City.
I asked Eichel this.
I don't know if you heard it.
What is the best part about MSG?
I don't know if you'll get it.
I got my best part and he agreed.
Playing there as a away team?
You won't get it. The warm-up music, dude oh yeah yeah he's bumping in that ring it's always just feels alive it's the
greatest rink like it's so much history in it not to like get like sentimental but like it really
like the stuff you just see on the walls walking around, the stories you hear, it's insane. But the best part, probably just living in the city, the restaurants.
Yeah, yeah.
Every night, dude.
Sick meals.
I've been there for three years.
My first two years, I didn't even own silverware.
Shocker.
I went out to dinner every single night.
You find your spots that you're used to.
The manager hooks you up and stuff.
You live right on Manhattan.
Yeah.
This year, I'm actually living with VC and Brady Shea in a three-floor penthouse.
Oh, no shit.
How are you?
Who's driving a practice?
Grinnelli's living in the same place.
It's going to be amazing.
We're the three best buddies and the three younger guys on the team.
Millsy lives outside the city.
But, yeah, going out to dinner and when the team is winning, everyone loves you.
Yeah.
We're obviously hoping to get Jimmy on sometime.
You look pretty instrumental in getting him to New York, would you say?
Yeah, I think so.
I mean, I have no one.
My aunt is married to his uncle.
My wife is talking to Julianne on Facebook right now.
She told me you were coming over.
I think she said to say hello, by the way.
Yeah, I mean, I think I kind of persuaded him a bit.
I mean, I wasn't like technically allowed to.
Tampa.
Yeah, exactly.
I didn't talk to him until August 16th.
But, no, I mean, I was playing all New York music in the gym the whole summer.
Do you ever hear of Frank Sinatra, Jimmy?
Let me play it to you.
Just like little stuff and just all over about, hey, we can live together,
which he screwed me on.
Thanks, bro.
Yeah, but no, I mean, he definitely doesn't have any regrets, I don't think.
He had a sick year.
He loves the city.
Big Harvard connection there.
Big BZ connection there.
Funny, man.
I'll show my age again.
I actually watched his dad in high school.
I went to the same high school as Jim.
His dad was nasty.
His dad played with one of our coaches.
Scott Arnell.
Okay, yeah.
That's Commie's boy.
Jimmy played out in, well, he was drafted by the Blues.
Like, well, Big Jim, the father.
He got a couple cups of coffee and then out in Phoenix.
But I'll tell you, man, he had some fucking unbelievable hands.
But I'm just, again, showing my age.
Same question to you, Johnny.
Favorite part of playing in Calgary and probably your least favorite part of playing there?
Yeah, I think probably favorite is I think the fans are pretty, pretty passionate.
I think, yeah, the Sea of Red playing there in playoffs.
Yeah, Red Mile is pretty crazy too.
But, yeah, it's a lot of fun playing in front of them.
They're pretty passionate fans.
But the least favorite, probably be, you know,
I feel like I get recognized way, way too much sometimes.
It's kind of,
it's kind of hard.
It's hard sometimes.
Yeah.
I mean,
that's what the,
that's what you get
for playing in the Canadian market.
But,
I mean,
I love it at times too,
but just sometimes,
you know,
at dinner,
you know,
it's like,
you know,
I just want to go out
and have some dinner.
Yeah,
you can't go out,
man,
really,
and have a normal day.
It's difficult.
Like,
I'm sure Kevin has a lot more privacy in New York.
If you get recognized in New York, it's kind of like a big deal.
It doesn't.
You can go to places and know that you're not going to.
You go there on purpose not to get recognized,
but at the same time, you can go to places, a lot of places,
knowing they're going to know who you are.
Yeah, exactly.
Yeah, and obviously you appreciate it, but there is a line.
You're out, you're having dinner, and, you know,
you're putting a fork in your mouth and someone's sticking a pen in your face.
I mean, a lot of people don't have that.
And nowadays, like, yeah, man, I want to go and have a beer after the game.
You know, it's sometimes, you know.
Exactly, and then all of a sudden you have one beer at dinner,
and people see it, and they're like, oh, this guy's out drinking night before a game.
Yeah. Dude, it's so painful, that shit.
Yeah, I mean, it's difficult sometimes.
But, I mean, don't get me wrong.
I mean, I love, you know, kids coming up saying hello to me.
Kids, you know, ask for autographs and stuff
and taking pictures of people.
But, you know, sometimes it gets, you know,
it gets a little too much sometimes.
Yeah, especially with social media pitches
and, you know, people all fucking Snapchatting you
when you're not paying attention and stuff.
Yeah, I mean, you do have to be guarded against that stuff.
I guess a fine line.
Listen to me.
I fucking played.
I'm like, whoa, wait, wait.
Yeah, we were in Nashville.
Everyone was all over us.
So do we have all right Hamiltons?
Yeah.
Hey, wait, wait.
Hilarious, hilarious story of the Sea of Red.
We're playing in Calgary, and Emerson Edom is on our team.
He was just there for a year.
He might have got traded at the deadline.
I'm not sure.
And he's an unbelievable kid, and he's kind of a space shot.
He's like super California, like chill.
And Yandel tells him on the bench that when you buy a house in Calgary,
the city of Calgary gives you a red and white jersey to buy the house,
and that's why it's the sea of red.
And after the game, he's like, hazy, dude.
You hear this hype thing about what the Flames do?
You buy a house, they ask you if you want red or white jerseys,
and everyone chooses red to make the sea of red.
I'm like, dude, Yandel has had to have told you this.
Keith also, I mean, I don't know how this will translate to a podcast,
but on the seventh hole at Wollaston where we play golf,
there's a rock there, right?
A random rock right near the tee, dude.
Everyone sits on it.
No big deal.
Sometimes they put flowers around it.
So one of our good buddies, Ned Haven, I've mentioned him on here before.
Natty Noodle.
He sits down one time.
Actually, like right when he joined, when Ned joined, me, him, and Keith are out there,
and he sits down on the rock, and Keith's like, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa.
Dude, get up.
He's like, whoa, what the fuck?
He jumps up.
He's like, what?
He's like, Keith's like, are you fucking crazy?
Now, mind you, at Wollaston Golf Club, our logo is an Indian named Squanto.
It ain't PC. That's Squanto. It ain't PC.
That's our club.
It ain't changing.
So it's this guy, Squanto.
So Keith goes,
whoa, what are you doing?
Ned's like,
whoa, what?
That's Squanto's grave.
Dude, I'm like,
dude, I'm trying to like,
I'm trying to,
Ned's like,
holy shit, really?
He's like,
yeah, what the fuck?
That's Keith Yandel, dude.
Like, this kid is nonstop.
Maybe he just saw
Poltergeist.
I don't know. That's, I don't know what Poltergeiststop. Maybe he just saw Poltergeist. I don't know.
I don't know what Poltergeist is.
So let's go to our house.
We've kept these guys, dude.
We've kept you guys long enough.
I thank you so much.
But we got some questions.
All right, gentlemen.
Captain Turo wants to know, in celebration of your week off, what is your craziest July 4th memory?
All right, Hamilton.
I'll go first because mine came quick.
I was 18. I know this is because mine came quick. I was 18.
I know this is nothing to do with hockey.
My family, up in the suburbs of Boston, had a big cookout every year.
And my aunt used to let me drink underage.
And I got, you know, waffled one day.
And I dove off the diving board in the pool.
And I come up.
My uncle's like, hey, what's up with your face?
I'm like, what?
He goes, you got blood gushing down your face.
And I dove.
I didn't dive, like, head first. I kind of, like, went, like, at an angle. So, like, I grazed goes, you got blood gushing down your face. I didn't dive head first.
I kind of went at an angle.
So I grazed off the bottom of the pool.
Nothing worse, dude, when your feet get cut.
Straight up break the whole thing.
So then I've gotten drunk diving jokes for the last fucking 30 years from my family.
I'll take that.
You're up.
I'll take that.
Mine?
Man, I ripped up Vegas on July 4th one time, buying bottles, pouring them on myself.
That was crazy.
That was a crazy weekend.
Other than that, it's just fireworks and beers, dude.
I got nothing crazy.
The one Vegas trip was a gong show.
So for our July 4th, the last three years, John has yet to show up.
He says he's coming, but he doesn't.
Is this the Gowin? No, no. That's before. No, no. What do you mean? yet to show up. He says he's coming, but he doesn't.
Is this the Gowling?
No, that's before.
No, no.
What are you talking about?
Yeah.
No, no, no.
It's Cape Cod.
I rent the house in Cape Cod.
Hannafin, I heard, was with you this year.
And I literally invite everyone.
I say, hey, we have seven beds, seven or eight beds.
You can come.
Beds are already claimed.
I don't care where you sleep.
You can sleep on the floor, outside, backyard.
Bring a blow-up.
Hammock, yeah, bring a blow-up.
A doll.
There was like seven blow-ups this year.
And we play a par three course on July 2nd.
Harney?
I don't know.
It's like... In Falmouth?
It's in Hyannis.
It's like a bootleg one.
Yeah, yeah. And they all know we're coming. I'm not joking. It's like... In Fauna? It's in Hyannis. It's like a bootleg one.
Yeah, yeah.
And they all know we're coming.
I'm not joking.
We played...
My second year, I played the whole 18 holes, no shoes, no shirt, with civilians there.
And they were rattled that we were all on the course, just no shoes, no shirt.
Bumping music.
Bumping music, yeah.
And then July 3rd, I rent the party bus for everyone that's there.
And we go to Beachcomber
And stay there
For about 7 hours
This is the time
Beachcomber
And then party bus
Back to my house
I think
The guy
The party bus driver
Stays and parties with us
And then heads back to Salty
And then
Imagine him driving
That bus home
Just a crossed up
Route 3
And every night
We end up like
At a bar and stuff
And it's It's the last 3 years It's Everyone like walks away Like this is the most Just a crushed up route through. And every night we end up at a bar and stuff.
And it's the last three years.
Everyone walks away.
It's literally the most fun I have. Can I come next year?
I'm going to weasel my way in.
He's going to look to the back of the party bus and just see me.
Every year.
It's my most.
You don't come?
No.
To this?
To be honest, I wish.
All of our college friends.
Wow.
Jersey, dude.
Well, my story comes from my family.
It's like a tradition.
I got to get out of it one of these times.
It's tough to break.
I go up to Vermont every Fourth of July for the past, like, I don't even know,
and see some family up there.
But my story is me and my dad bought fireworks one year,
and we were uh getting ready
to shoot them off and we're shooting them off shooting them off and one of the big ones are
getting ready to go off and tips over and there's a lake right in front of us and all the all of my
family's out there watching at the end of the lake and then three fireworks go flying right at
little kids skipping it skipping right off the water coming by people's
heads and stuff and my dad gets so scared he thinks it's coming at us he jumps down this hill
into like the ditch like cuts a scoop out of his leg and uh you know they're going at our family
and uh yeah that's that's mine but i gotta say i have my USA hockey shirt on. I can't get in the water.
Yeah, so... I'll wear this to see Jerry York.
What part of Vermont?
Yeah, Newport, Derby.
It's like one side of the street's Canada,
one side of the street's...
Oh, way, way up.
Way, way up.
Johnny LeClerc.
Yeah, yeah.
All the way up there.
Johnny LeClerc.
Yeah, so...
But I think I'm going to come next year.
I'll come if Johnny comes.
I'll hold you to it.
Sign a contract. They're going to drive us. Sign Johnny comes. I'll hold you to a sign of contract.
He'll drive us.
Sign of contract.
I'll tell you, I managed to find the only black bar, all black bar, on Martha's Vineyard this year.
I got down.
Jamaicans?
Jamaicans?
Jamaicans.
Yeah, yeah, Jamaicans.
I got down.
All right, so Jesse Garcia asks.
Girl?
Looks like a guy.
Looks like a guy.
So let's go with Guy, Jesse Garcia asks, do NH a guy. Let's go with Guy
Jesse Garcia asks,
do NHL teams do court? If so, what's the biggest
fine you've ever witnessed?
No, we don't hold court,
but fines are missing
the bus, late to the plane,
missing team meeting. The best fines are when you
fall in warm-ups. Minimum 100
on the board. First shift. First game.
If you're Corey Potter,
my boy Potsy,
what's up?
If you step on Taylor Hall's face,
that's like 10K
because then we all have to wear helmets
the rest of the year in warm-ups.
Thanks a lot.
Nothing good in the NHL without no bucket.
New York Ranger rule.
No, you have to wear a bucket.
Same with Calgary.
Wow.
That's because Halsey.
That's because of Potsy stepping on him.
Yeah, fucking A.
I remember someone told me this story.
George LaRock was with the Rangers and he didn't wear wear  someone told me you have to wear a bucket.
And he's like, yeah, okay.
Went on the ice.
And Glenn Sather came down from up top onto the bench, gave him his helmet.
I don't think George LaRock played for the Rangers.
I think he did.
Did he really?
Pretty sure it was him.
It wasn't him.
It was someone else, obviously.
I feel like  Keith told me when he got to the Rangers. Keith's like, yeah, yeah. Walking off the warm-ups. I just walked on the ice. I feel like Keith told me when he got to the Rangers.
Keith's like, yeah, yeah.
Walking off the warm-ups.
I just walked on the ice.
They're like, hey, you got to put on one.
He's like, yeah, no, I'm all set, dude.
I got no bucket.
They're like, no.
He's like, what?
Trade me right fucking now.
Any more or are we good?
Yeah, we got one more.
Derek G. asks, what are the best jerseys of all time?
All right, Hamilton.
Chicago Blackhawks.
Rangers.
Rangers, blue jerseys.
Don't be the guy who makes the team and then says I have the best jersey, Hamilton. Chicago Blackhawks. Rangers. Rangers, blue jerseys. Don't be the guy who makes the team and then says,
I have the best jersey, man.
Those aren't the best jerseys.
Red, white, and blue.
They're good.
I love the Blackhawks.
They are classic.
And I'm not just saying it because Johnny's here.
I didn't even notice you.
You're the one who's got the Atlanta Flame jersey on
because Johnny Hockey gave it to you.
I just realized that.
It's late at night.
Yeah, showing props.
No, honestly, I don't know if, like, because my old man was a fireman back in the day or whatever,
but I always loved, like, fire logos or whatever.
I loved the Atlanta Flames back in the day.
I wish Calgary would go back to that.
I don't like the black, but I'm a big Blackhawks number one, Calgary.
He told Eichel last week he loved the Saners.
Come on, guy.
Why are you doing that?
Why are you doing me dirty?
Why are you doing me dirty?
Why are you doing me dirty?
Dude, man, we can't thank you guys enough, dude.
This is great for us.
I think that both you guys are young stars in the league, but what I like about you,
especially Kevin, we've got to know each other over the years, is that you've got some old
school in you.
And some of the new age NHL stuff drives me a little crazy.
I don't know shit, but the new age kids don't do anything.
They don't hang out or have fun.
So you guys are old school and two great players.
So thank you so much for joining us.
Yeah, make hockey fun again.
And you guys do a great job of it.
We were talking to Jack last week.
Eichel, not a big deal.
Is that guy good?
He was talking about showing personality
and just not being a state and conservative. You know, the NBA, not a big deal. Is that guy good? He was talking about showing personality and just not being as state and conservative.
You know, the NBA, they market their players.
Guys can be themselves.
We need more of that in hockey.
That's what's making chicklets.
You know what, too?
I was thinking about that point after.
You know what was the NBA, and this is kind of out of nowhere.
The NBA was fortunate, too, is that when they marketed all those players after the Dream Team
and into the 90s
China
at the same time
that all happened
was that
hip hop culture
became like
white suburb kid culture
it became such a big thing
so they kind of
dovetailed together
because basketball
is part of hip hop
and the culture
so when all these
white kids
kind of glommed on
to that culture
basketball was part of it
so they kind of
had that built in chance and hockey doesn't necessarily have that culture of basketball as part of it. So they kind of had that built-in chance.
And, you know, hockey doesn't necessarily have that.
So I think a lot of kids get into that for one reason.
But hockey's coming, man.
We're all about it.
We're all about hockey.
We're hockey positive here.
We want more people to listen, watch, do all that.
And guys like this help spread the love.
This week's All Right, Hamilton was brought to you by ZipRecruiter.com.
Are you hiring?
Do you know where to post your job to find the brought to you by ZipRecruiter.com. Are you hiring?
Do you know where to post your job to find the best candidates?
Try ZipRecruiter.com.
You can post 100-plus job sites with just one click.
The powerful technology efficiently matches the right people to your job better than anybody else.
That's why ZipRecruiter is different. Unlike other job sites, ZipRecruiter doesn't depend on candidates finding you.
It finds them.
In fact, over 80 of jobs posted on ZipRecruiter get a qualified candidate in just 24 hours.
No juggling emails, no calls to your office.
Simply screen, rate, and manage candidates all in one place with ZipRecruiter's easy-to-use dashboard.
Find out today why ZipRecruiter has been used by businesses of all sizes
to find the most qualified job candidates with immediate results. And right now, Spit and Chicklets listeners can post jobs on
ZipRecruiter for free. That's right, free. Just go to ZipRecruiter.com slash Chicklets. Again,
that's ZipRecruiter.com slash Chicklets. One more time to try it for free to go to
ZipRecruiter.com slash Chicklets. And just for the spelling, it's C-H-I-C-L-E-T-S.
Quickly before we go, goal celebration.
I got my vintage only on a big goal, though,
is to fire the hand up and then come through.
I love that.
And, Johnny?
I love that in college.
I told Johnny, hey, I told Johnny, I told him,
no, no, no.
He's leaving this part out.
I told him. He does this stupid
hand down little...
No, I don't do that. Not anymore.
He did it.
I told him, I said,
because my coach, I remember,
yelled at me, Mike Cavanaugh
yelled at me my sophomore year for doing the Aaron Rodgers
discount double.
First goal of BC's season.
Like, come on.
Discount double check.
Double check.
And so a couple weeks go by because the season starts in October,
and Yorkie's going around the room, what's everyone being for Halloween?
And I stand up.
I'm like, hey, I'm being Aaron Rodgers.
And Cav was bullshit at me.
But, no, I told him, I seen you here.
No matter what the score is, 1-0, overtime goal, 8-0.
I'm doing the same celebration the whole year.
Yeah, like 7-1 UMass.
Kevin got the last one.
We saw Sully for the third time.
Big goal.
All right, boys.
Thank you so much.
And listen, we won't, you know, people will be listening,
the Call Me Up charity classic.
I wish they could do this and then go.
Yeah.
That's Friday night.
I'm sorry, one more additional note.
A little bit of a downer, but we were off last week.
Just want to send condolences to the family, friends, associates of Dave Semenko,
who was a great Edmonton oiler.
He was basically the first kind of bodyguard, I guess, in the NHL.
He was Wayne Gretzky's bodyguard back in the Edmonton Oilers days. He worked for Edmonton when I was there.
Really nice guy.
Monster.
Yeah.
I can't even imagine punching this guy, let alone getting punched by him.
So, I mean, he kind of didn't change the game by any means, but he started the whole protect your best player.
Exactly.
He kind of almost invented a position almost where you've got to protect the stars, especially someone like fucking Gretzky.
Like Kevin did for Johnny at BC.
Exactly, with my kid, Johnny.
So, yeah, we just want to send our deepest condolences and sympathies to anybody,
the Edmonton family, anybody associated with him.
And, guys, really, thanks so much for coming here.
I know you're here to have some fun, and we appreciate it.
Rip it up next year, fellas.
Yeah, thank you.
I remember Johnny's having a charity golf tournament July 28th.
If anyone wants to bid and play with John, go ahead.
Is he going to wear his boots?
His new boots?
No.
If he's wearing Yeezys all day, that's how you make putts.
All right.
Peace out, everyone.
Thank you very much.
See you guys.
So, Mikey, I know a lot of people have been asking,
where can we get our gear for Spittin' Chicklets?
We love the show.
Everybody, just go to BioschoolSports.com slash Chicklets.
We have a bunch of t-shirts,
different team colors. We got the Bruins,
Penguins, Rangers,
Philadelphia Flyers. We have a bunch
more teams on the way. We got the Gasson Bears
and Chuck and Nux tank top. We added
the National Predators, which I realized actually
works for the Buffalo Sabres as well.
St. Louis Blues as well. St. Louis Blues,
bingo, bingo. We got three bears
at one stone there So everybody
If you're a big fan of the show
And you want to show the support
Go to
BarstoolSports.com
Slash Chicklets
Grab a shirt
Support the pod
Support the squad
