Hey, Spittin' Chicklets listeners, you can find every episode on Apple Podcasts,
Spotify, or YouTube. Prime members can listen ad-free on Amazon Music.
Hello everybody, welcome to episode 380 of Spittin' Chicklets, presented by Pink Whitney.
From our friends at New Amsterdam Vodka, here in the Barstool Sports Podcast family.
How's it going everyone? We are coming to you from lovely Canada this episode.
We've had a very eventful week in the NHL, there's much much to chat about but we have to say hello to the fellas first i'm gonna break tradition go to paul biz nasty business for us because he's right next to me here in toronto well and my home country although it took me 17 hours to get
through customs worst custom line in the history of uh of custom lines um it's great to be here
we also uh a couple clicks for merles this will be his first official
like full full pod with us and the fact that he's no well what you're gonna say in vegas
in detroit after uh the first check yeah i'll say so sorry so first with actually having a voice
and being coherent so i'm very excited the reason that we're here is obviously because
of the the whole score bet app launching uh we at the party on monday night so we would have
already recorded this uh leafs lightning gonna be tons of prop bets tons of fun stuff going on
at rendezvous and a word has it what 1500 people are going to be coming that's what we're shooting
for wow so i'm excited to be home.
Oui.
It's a quick in and out, but I'm leaving tomorrow to go back to Turner, TNT, back to Atlanta.
Yeah, thescored.pet.
The app is launching, well, it launched Monday, April 4th, here in Canada.
If you live in Ontario, if you like to play games of chance, by all means, download it.
Check it out.
We all like to gamble on the show here, so if you're in Ontario, by all means, start gambling.
But, boy, Merles, you've joined us as well welcome you came all the way from sweden yeah any chance to get to canada i don't care what i have to do to to travel to get here i'll
get through here but like biz said the hardest part was the customs line when i got here but um
how do you boys fly in a person are you guys are veterans how you don't go to billy bishop i was
shocked that you guys didn't fly into billy bishop i don't even know if that's an option from atlanta
i don't even know what billy bishop is that Atlanta. I don't even know what Billy Bishop is.
That airfield right out the window.
Oh, R.A.'s flying private with.
Yeah, right.
On a chicklets car.
No, R.A.'s flying into an airport that I think only a couple cities can fly into.
Like, there's no chance you can get there from Sweden,
and there's no chance you can get there from Atlanta.
So they didn't really have the option.
I was not aware of that.
I apologize.
No.
But, yeah, I'm happy to be here.
I already made the Tim Hortons run.
I got the Harvey's run planned for later.
Yeah, I love being in Canada.
Just happy to be here.
Thanks for having me again.
Any other Canadian staples that you have to hit up while you're here?
Did you see my blog where I did my top ten things?
Ontario.
So that had a few of them in there.
Harvey's was there.
A Coffee Crisp. The Candy Bar is one of my all-time favorites I got to get in.
And just the poutine.
I just want to just.
Love poutine.
I want to eat so much poutine these next couple days.
Hey, now it's a family show.
He's married.
All right.
Producer Mikey Grinelli, let's cut you.
Shift it over.
Love Toronto.
Love Canada.
Love the ScoreBet app.
But, Morales, I would love to hear about your new pro hockey career.
Oh, yeah, it was amazing.
I got to thank Biz for it.
You know, Biz signed me to the Big Deal Selects,
and I wouldn't say I played well out there,
but it made me realize that I was out of shape,
that I still had competitiveness in me.
So when the opportunity came to go back in Sweden and play it, it was awesome.
We're just finishing up.
We won our league, and we were trying to get promoted to the top,
to the next higher division.
And we struggled out of the gates, and we're 1-3,
so it doesn't look like we're going to move up.
But I'll get back next weekend, and if the the game matters i'll jump in for one last game do you guys have like a guy who's the team
trainer uh athletic therapist massage guy yeah he's also the goalie all in one is it no yeah
there's two uh equipment guys one guy does basically all the skate sharpening and then
we got another guy that helps out with like the water bottles and stuff and uh you know that we we keep it as pro as you can you know it's a very limited budget uh but i i get
paid in basically sticks i got a couple free so you don't get paid other than just free no yeah
no cash no cash i got sticks i got new laces the other day which i was pretty happy maybe we should
get him a pink whitney sponsorship for the for the crew maybe we can get him some tracksuitos
maybe a little bit of spending money,
maybe gambling money.
Well, that's the funniest thing is that it's very loose.
One of the bigger things is I've noticed they keep the radio on
in between every intermission.
The radio is on.
Our pro hockey, it's silent, and guys are supposed to be getting focused.
The music's going.
The phones are out.
Guys are checking their bets from the other leagues.'re openly talking about it in the in between our games so
it's a little more relaxed than we're used to where he's going to be the pete rose of the third
division he's going to get caught throwing games well pete rose bet on his team to win so murrells
actually would be even worse if he started betting against his team and chucking pizzas up the middle.
Some of the plays I made, you might have thought that I bet against us,
but it was just really rusty.
I was really surprised.
Speaking of guys throwing pizzas in Sweden, Witt, what's going on, buddy?
Not much.
That's a great, great little  what's the word?
Segway.
What a segway that was.
I threw about 14 of them in four periods, and that was it.
Not much, boys.
Merles, I couldn't believe the skating stride, though.
You released the one video in punishment of yourself for finally missing a boost.
I think you hit five boosts in a row, and then when you missed one,
you did a mountain.
Blue line back, red line back, blue line back, far goal line back.
Dude, you're looking, the stride's looking better than it was 10, 15 years ago.
It does.
It was the most shocking part.
I thought it would be my legs and my breath and my wind.
That would be the hardest thing to come back, but it was actually my hands.
My hands were gone.
I couldn't stick handle.
I had no strength to shoot the puck but i my my legs felt great the
stride felt great but everything else was gone i i your breath is sometimes really kicking on these
chicklets trips so i could understand why you thought that might be an issue and some people
said to me how is he playing pro hockey i watched the chicklets cup in vegas he was running around
like he had an enormous dump in his pants just wallowing around around. I'm like, yeah, skating's a little different.
He's never been a runner.
His legs are too thick.
Those are the hemorrhoids from all the squirts from all the booze.
But if you take like two weeks off of not handling a puck,
even when you played, when you got back on the ice,
it felt like you were stick handling a dumbbell, right?
Or a righty stick if you were a lefty.
Legit, it's crazy.
You just lose all sort of feel.
Well, that's how it was. And I kept changing like the length of myit. It's crazy. You just lose all sort of feel. Yeah.
Well, that's how it was.
And I kept changing the length of my stick.
I'm like, oh, it must be too long.
Oh, no, it's too short.
What's the lie on this thing?
I did that my entire career.
I don't think I had the same type of stick for more than like six months.
They were making the sticks at CCM Factory.
They're like, oh, we messed this one up.
It's a different lie.
It's a bisonette.
Just send it.
CM Factory. They're like, oh, we messed this one up. It's a different lie. It's a piss and
edge. Just send it.
This is my first time in this country
since I was here in December on my secret mission.
I can finally talk about it.
What were you here for?
I was here recording my part on a TV
show that's going to be coming out in the next couple
months. You guys have heard of Let it Kenny,
the Canadian super show. It's been on Hulu.
Americans latched onto it. Well, there's a
spinoff that's dropping called Shorzy
based on one of the characters from Letterkenny.
And thanks to my producer, Mikey Grinelli,
and the folks at Letterkenny,
I was able to appear on a couple episodes of the show Shorzy
that's going to be dropping.
Not a big deal.
Not a big deal at all.
I don't have a date yet, but stay tuned.
It's going to be coming soon.
I'm playing a role, basically a version of myself.
I'm going to be in two episodes.
So, yeah, I'm going to be on Shorzy, dropping this spring on Hulu and Crave here in Canada.
R.A.'s going to be leaving us.
He's leaving us for Hollywood, folks.
Now, there's a strong chance that at least half of our fan base has watched Letter Kenny.
And the Shorzy character was much like the one in, what's the show, Tim the Toolman Taylor?
Home Improvement.
Home Improvement. There was a guy, the neighbor. Oh, Tim the Toolman Taylor? Home Improvement. Home Improvement.
There was a guy, the neighbor.
Oh, like Wilson?
Wilson.
You never saw him.
So in the show, in Letter Kenny, this Shorzy guy, you never saw his face.
So what they decided to do was a spinoff of that character.
And, R.A., you're going to be in episode one right off the hop.
You're coming in high, stepping out of the gate.
What do you mean?
Well, I'm not sure how much detail I can give other than I don't want to spoil too much.
But yeah, I am in the first episode and one other episode after that.
I want to keep a little mystery to it.
You know what I mean?
Okay.
As long as they're not going to cut your parts and then we're all going to be let down.
No, no, no.
I ain't getting cut.
I'm no cutting room floor for this one.
All takes exposed.
So we talked to Merles about his experience in playing men's league back in Sweden.
What was it like with the acting gig?
Like when you got there, were you super nervous?
What was the setup like?
What were your expectations going in?
How did it turn out?
I got there very enthusiastic, very excited.
I was playing, like I said, myself.
Or I should say an exaggerated version of myself.
So you were nervous and skittish?
Not until the night before. I got there. I was, yeah, yeah was yeah yeah yeah yeah and then on the night before I got an 11 page
script now it's not a David Finch movie you got to remember every period and like you know space
and all that stuff it's a little more free form so the night before one of the other actors came
off former hockey players turned actors came in my room and we ran all the lines through and it
was so reassuring it put me at ease and he said you know jared jared kiso who's the showrunner the the brains behind all of it he says hey just use that the script
as a jumping off point in other words make the same point in your own words i was like oh this
is great so i was actually able to write some of my own jokes and lines and and they made the the
show too which which is fucking awesome for like a guy like me if i could just chime in i spoke to
some of the producers who said and heA. completely impressed everyone on set,
came extremely well prepared,
and they were actually shocked how good he did.
His rider list was a bag of blow, and that's it.
I'm not hungry.
They're like, do you need your strip?
No, no.
R.A., what's with the typewriter jaw?
I thought you wanted me to play myself.
But hey, congratulations.
I'm excited to see it, man.
And I'm sure that show is going to pop.
I mean, those guys are doing some great things.
And they're going to keep running.
I mean, as far as the Canadian acting scene,
they're at the top of the totem pole.
And, of course, adding Terry Ryan in the mix,
who's had experience in the Canadian acting situation as well.
Like, Terry Ryan was acting with that jason
momoa and stuff yeah aquaman yeah i guess he's a chiclets guy too that's what that's what get out
of here that's what tia told me uncle t said he's he's he got him into chiclets so i actually so he
was at uh was it the not the grammys the oscars i know we talked about the will smith slap but uh
him and that kate beckinsale were were kind of playing little tummy sticks there she was my
number one forever the movie serendipity I've watched it about 4,000 times
because of Pete Beckinsale.
Just cranking yourself off?
Only.
Yeah, 100.
R.A., were you like three hours late to rehearsal
because you were playing yourself?
I think that went over my head.
Why?
Am I late a lot?
No, it's just you playing yourself usually just a little
behind but okay i get you the only the only what the only guy i really like when i got there the
only guy i had to impress was was jared so when he come up like g said he come over and said i
exceeded his expectations like i don't the internet's gonna roast me either way i'm gonna
get miffed i memed and gift from here to like fucking calgary and back but i don't care because
like the showrunner was the only guy i had him satisfy, and he was thoroughly satisfied.
So I can't wait until it drops.
It's going to be a lot of fun.
All right, a couple clicks for R.A., folks.
Let's go here.
So we got Merle's and R.A. off the hop.
I love this.
That's cool.
You've always wanted to be in the acting game.
So I think that you're now actually in a show that could pop off in Canada.
I love it.
Can you watch that?
Can people in the States watch that show?
Yeah, it's going to be on Crave up here in Canada and Hulu back in the States.
So yeah, everybody can check it out.
It's going to be wild too. It's kind of funny.
I've seen a couple of clips and yeah, it's going to be fun when it drops.
I'm going to be getting suet left and right.
Wait, quickly before we get into the intense hockey talk,
because we have some great subjects to kick off this show.
How excited are you for Tiger at the Masters on a scale of 1 to 10?
11.
I mean, it just adds such a bigger element to the entire week.
This is my favorite sporting event.
Actually, I say the Ryder Cup is.
That's every other year.
The Masters is where it's at.
I'll be sitting around Thursday to Sunday.
Actually, I'll be sitting around because all day they pretty much have coverage.
To have him there, which he hasn't officially said he's playing,
but apparently yesterday he was out there just pounding the ball.
His swing looks incredible.
He looks pretty yoked right now.
I think it's just great for the game.
I mean, if this guy were to come back and actually compete or win,
I don't think he would play unless he thought he could win as well.
So I'll say this. I think
every player who's
going into this year's Masters, say a guy
like Scottie Scheffler, Justin
Thomas, guys who are like, I can win.
I can win this week. When they heard Tiger's
going to be there, they had a little
poop come out of their bum hole.
And their diaper
got a little gross.
And they're like, oh, to seeing the the tweet i'm
heading down to augusta they all just shit like merles last man back in sweden in the men's league
no yeah it's like wit rounding the net with nobody near him panicking in orange school we actually
we actually ran into rasmus sandin last night uh when we were out for dinner, and he said that he played for that team where you ended up throwing that pizza.
You were there for four games, correct?
No, I was there for two regular season games.
Orobo, the first road game, Orobo.
Actually, I don't remember the names of the teams,
but the second game, the first home game,
was where I was minus three first period and retired at intermission.
Yeah, I think he said he was in the junior team.
I went into the coach. I said, he's like, hey, what's going on?
I said, I'm done.
He's like, what do you mean?
I said, I'm retired.
But can I stay on the bench for the rest of the game?
Okay, so you were a good teammate and you sat on the bench.
Oh, yeah.
I was cheering everyone and I was taking it all in.
This is the end.
And I was actually gripping my hockey stick like a golf club a little bit.
Like, I'll be home.
Oh man. Speaking of tag out. Wow. What you throwing anything on him for
a future? I saw 55 to one
the other day. So
I got to look. I got to look. I'm more of a
tourney matchup guy. I take guys against
somebody else for an entire week because it's just so
hard to hit a winner. He's you know
what's you know what I'm pissed off. I missed
at one point last week. He was he was minus 220 to play in the tournament.
So I should have just hammered that and said, all right,
I think he's going to make it.
But no, I haven't looked at the betting odds, but I'm so jealous
I'm not there with you guys.
The score bet, what an amazing experience this is going to be.
And before we get to the hockey, Grinelli or Biz,
maybe you know you're the Canadian.
Could you never  because you could gamble in Canada.
I remember playing there.
But what was the difference between now and then?
What could you gamble on a few years back?
Oh, Merle's asking.
Yeah, I know.
They had the pro line.
It was called Forever since we were little kids in the youth hockey.
Yeah, yeah.
What was that?
And it had to be parlays.
You always had to do, I think, three-team parlays was the only way to do it.
So now you're allowed to do single-game bets for the first time.
So that's the big difference.
All right.
All right.
Well, the score bet, that's an amazing experience you guys are going to have,
and I can't wait to get up there and at some point enjoy Canada.
All right.
We've got a pair of guests, obviously, we're going to get to a little bit later.
Carolina Hurricane Jordan Mottenuk joined us, as well as our old pal Jeremy Roenick.
We haven't spoken to him for a little while, so we're going to get to those a little bit later.
Of course, we want to mention it's crunch time for the regular season.
And if your team is stressing you out, then unwind with some smooth Pink Whitney from New Amsterdam Vodka.
And if your team's already in a playoff spot, then celebrate that with some Pink Whitney.
Have some as a chill shot or go to your local bar,
have a little club soda with it.
Either way, enjoy the five times distilled vodka
infused with fresh pink lemonade flavor
brought to you by our boy Ryan Whitney.
Or if your team's going on a run late in the season,
even though you've been out of playoffs since Christmas
and you want to celebrate, enjoy some Pink Whitney.
How about Biebs rocking the Pink Whitney beanie
to the Grammys last night?
Not a big deal.
What did you make of that, Whit?
I had all these texts and, like, Instagrams were like, holy shit, do you know the amount of money and marketing this is?
I was like, yeah, that's a Photoshop.
One of the best jobs memes has ever done.
When I saw the Pink Toque, I said, just put Pink Whitney on there.
And he crushed it.
And, I mean, I guess in the end it's
a little free advertising anyways if people think he actually wore it but uh the funniest comment
was that people said he's also wearing your suit he might have bought that suit 10 years ago just
thinking he'd grow into it and he never did yeah yeah a little talk those terrible wheels too those
balenciaga wheels those are tough yeah what were those sandals they look like balenciaga wheels, those are tough. Yeah, were those sandals? They look like Balenciaga rocks.
No, they were platform.
I think, you know, he's not the tallest guy.
You got to get him an extra two, three inches.
Oh, yeah, no doubt.
All right, boys, let's get to the hockey.
The big story this weekend,
buddy Trevor Zegers pulled off yet another Michigan goal
after putting a shot through his legs,
takes the rebound, does a Michigan.
But the big story was what happened late in the game.
The Ducks up five-nought in a few minutes left.
He poked at the puck underneath goalie Cotahutton.
He was playing the whistle.
The whistle hadn't blown.
Cotahutton didn't even react.
Jay Beagle comes in.
Absolutely buries him in the back.
He goes down.
Troy Terry goes over to Beagle and engages him.
And Beagle just kind of slaps a beating on him.
I don't think Terry was expecting it.
We've seen he got pretty bloodied after it.
And then the takes just started pouring in.
I know you're an old co-worker at Tyson. Terry was expecting it. We've seen he got pretty bloodied after it. And then the takes just started pouring in.
I know you're all co-worker Tyson Nash. Well, there's so many different things that went on.
So I think what we should do first, and this is why it went viral, viral,
was because people were very unhappy with the way that Tyson Nash presented it on the broadcast.
So for those of you who haven't heard it, which is probably not going to be many of you,
we're going to roll it right now.
I knew that was going to start something, and I love it.
Yeah, Beagle.
Beagle's pounding somebody.
Troy Terry.
Yeah, Beagle caught him up high.
Oh, man.
And Beagle's going to fight someone else here.
And Terry's hurt.
Jay Beagle caught Troy Terry with a couple.
That's the problem sometimes with these young players.
You want to embarrass guys and you want to skill it up.
You better be prepared to get punched in the mouth.
Beagle wants to go with Fowler.
I think Fowler wants to go with him.
I'd love to see him let him go.
Boy, I haven't seen Jay Beagle like that all season.
He's fired up.
I love it.
Good for Jay Beagle.
He's a veteran player that's been around a long time,
and he's watching these young kids dance around,
these fancy moves.
Okay, so that happened.
Then, of course, Troy Terry was all bloodied up and ziggurus was pretty heated this was at the end of the game there was just under
five minutes i believe left in the game so now we're gonna roll ziggurus's comments two minutes
left in a game we're on five nothing by our best player our leading goal scorer one of the best
players my opinion in the whole league, takes a shot.
When I take a shot, he comes in to help me.
I get, I'm not going to name the player, but I get that he's going to punch him maybe once.
But the fact that he's down and he's not engaged in a fight, you're going to hit him three more times.
I think it's embarrassing.
I think he should be embarrassed.
I'm not going to comment any further on whether or not I think he should have even
been able to get to Troy
while he was on the ice
but I'm embarrassed that
he even got that far
I appreciate Troy sticking up for me
because I think that's a nonsense cross check
with two minutes left in a 5-0 game
I'm embarrassed for
whoever that was, I'm not going to say his name
and I think the league should step in here and do something about it was the
puck loose when you kind of jabbed at it and i get you're gonna hit me in the back but you don't
punch a guy when he's down especially a 32 goal scorer in the nhl who's a superstar um i think
it's embarrassing i think it's a bad look for the league and for the player that did it it's it's
humiliating.
And I think he should be fucking punished.
Okay, so this is going to be a long discussion
because obviously the newer hockey fans
and the ones who love the skill in the game
and who hate the old school mentality
were absolutely furious.
I'm sure Tyson Nash was fielding a massive amount of criticism.
And I think that he actually spoke with Craig Morgan before their next game
and just kind of wanted to rephrase as to what he said.
Now, I know if I was on the broadcast, I would have just simply said,
well, it's 5-0.
There's under five minutes left.
The puck's underneath the goalie.
I'm not saying that Zegers shouldn't go for the puck,
but he ends up poking at the goalie. every situation in the nhl when that happens there's
always a scrum yes or no is that not a percent hundred percent so i thought that the cross check
that uh beagle ended up giving ziegeris was warranted now i'll put myself in in in in
beagle's head so right after that happens mind mind you, they're down 5-0.
They're sick and tired of the fact that they're being embarrassed.
Right after that, it looked like Fowler kind of went at him,
and he gave him a little shove, but he didn't end up tying up with him.
And then right after that, Troy Terry ended up coming to Zegers' aid too.
Now, where I think that people are very upset with Beagle,
and I guess I can speak to what, if I were Beagle,
I've never really abused a skill guy where I knew that I could absolutely pound the shit out of him.
I've never done that.
But I can understand the fact that Fowler lunged at him,
then all of a sudden Terry came at him, and all of a sudden they're in the midst of a fight.
The wires are crossed, and all of a sudden he's just worried about getting his gloves off and trying to pound him now I mean Terry was the guy who went over and grabbed him so what's he supposed
to do I guess you could say well after the few first or a few initial shots and realizing that
Terry didn't really actually want to engage he just wanted to go stick up for his teammate. Well, like I said, if you're a hockey fan
and you've never played at the pro level
and you don't understand what it's like
to be in one of those scrums
where things are going a million miles an hour,
it's easier said than done after the fact.
Now, as far as Nasher's comments,
I would have just simply said, as I mentioned,
like, yo, you fucking poke at the goalie
shit's gonna happen especially in a five nothing game going back to the skill aspect I think that
there's um there's probably some conversation around the league that you know when you're
you're pulling off these moves and then you're you know you're you're you're swinking at the
crowd and you're you're showboating a little bit yeah like teams teams don't like that
like that that hasn't changed right whether it's 20 years ago or now obviously 20 years ago
guys might have went over right after the goal was scored and he pulled off the Michigan and
then fucking maybe you know kind of did this to the crowd or whatever in this situation I don't
think he's selling too hard but I know guys going into the game and Tyson Nash probably had been aware of it, that guys were a little bit sick of maybe some of the showboating from some of these new school guys.
Hey, I'm in the entertainment business, guys.
I don't give a flying fuck.
I like these goals.
I thought the goal was gorgeous. it i just i think because of nash's comments it kind of just created this whole discussion as to
think that like this guy should have got his face pounded in because he's a skilled player
and because he's showboating the other team i it was a strong correlate or a a bad correlation
i think the comments made everything way worse than it was and i'm sure that nashor is regretting
it to a certain degree but at the fact that there was
a scrum after the guy poked at the goalie and somebody ended up with a black eye and in a
bloodied eye I mean we see this all the time yeah that's a solid breakdown and my thing was
so so as the game's switching over and as we're getting to this new style hockey and the old way of hockey is sort of dying, if not dying, becoming less and less, you see these different arguments from both sides.
And I think you could kind of, like most arguments, see each side a little bit, right?
So Zegers has no business poking the goalie there.
Zero.
There's no reason to do it.
There's no reason to do it. When you do
it,
you're going to get cross-checked. And when Beagle
cross-checked him, I had no problem with it. By the way,
I love Trev,
dude. He's one of our buddies on
the show. I'll say this. The cross-check wasn't that
hard. There was
no chance Zegers was injured from that.
It was just more a normal, like you're poking at the
goalie, it's 5-0, boom. Would have been way worse before years ago. Jay Beagle is a veteran
hockey player. Now let's also remind everyone. He's not a fighter. He's had about, I don't know,
seven fights in his career. One of which he got put to sleep and Aaron Asham, like did the old,
like go to bed with all his teeth knocked out. He's not a fighter at all. He's played in the league a long time.
He's on the worst team in the league.
They're at home getting pounded five,
nothing.
Okay.
This is,
and will forever be a violent competitive in your face sport and emotions
run so high.
And when you've gone through a season,
like he's gone through and you are dealing with a
team that's young and having fun and skating by your bench and enjoying themselves which i think
is great for the game and awesome for these young ducks players it does not take away from the fact
that an older veteran hockey player is going to be disgusted he cross-checked zgris and the first
thing that he sees he's kind of like all all right, what's going to go on here?
And Fowler comes out of me, kind of throws a punch at him,
or at least the linesman's able to grab Fowler.
And then Terry comes in, like a good teammate.
You see Zegers cross-check.
Now, maybe Terry could have been like, yeah, he kind of deserved to use
whack of the goalie, but no, that's not what hockey players do.
No matter what happens to a teammate, you get in.
He throws a punch with his glove on, but he throws a jab,
a little kind of not a hard punch, a little love tap at Beagle.
Beagle at this point is now, like I said,
down 5-0 on the worst team in the league with his tempers running high.
So what's he do?
He grabs the guy.
The linesmen are around Zegers because they're probably protecting him,
thinking somebody might go after him for getting at the goalie.
The other linesman, I think, had grabbed Fowler.
I don't exactly remember.
And he starts teeing off.
If he had just grabbed him and dropped his glove and hit him once,
where you could tell, like, the angle,
and you can kind of see from the camera view what's going on,
and he kind of hit him once and realized, all right,
this kid has no interest in fighting.
I'm done with this.
That's it. Then this is a non-story in my mind. This is the part where I'm
sure, actually, I shouldn't say I'm sure Beagle regrets. This is the part that is, is tough to
watch. And for these hockey fans who hate fighting and wanted out of the game and love the skill in
the game, it's disgusting to watch because then he just continues to pound on him.
Now, when Tim Jackman grabbed me, not that I was a player like Troy Terry,
it's just ripping my head off my body and pounding my head in.
Like, when somebody's pissed off in this game,
unless a ref or a linesman gets in there,
you can pretty much do whatever you want.
You're not at that moment giving one fuck what fan what some fan online's thinking you know you're you're worried and you're thinking about how pissed off this guy has made you this guy just came at you first the first guy that you went after speared the goalie
in your mind and so the beginning of it was not an issue the entire beginning of the whole thing
was not an issue to me it was just that he continued to beat on him and he continued to kind of pound him but for years man like that's kind of been been the case
like if you don't want to get pounded don't go at a guy who could pound your head in that's how it
used to be and it's changing but my argument in all of this while Beagle kind of looks a little
foolish because he's beating down on a guy who's never been in a fight I don't think
that's not a suspendable offense like I'm sorry I don in a fight, I don't think. That's not a suspendable offense.
Like, I'm sorry.
I don't think it is.
I don't think that's worthy of games or even a fine.
Like, that's the rough and ugly nature of hockey at times,
but that is still hockey.
So Tyson Nash's comments, I can understand why people are flipping out
because he's like, you want to scale it up?
Like, that's the very old school way of thinking of it.
But I understand his message.
It's like, don't fucking do anything that will piss us off if you're up five,
nothing or we're going to punch your head in.
And the fact that people hate that, oh my God, what do you mean?
You can't do anything if you're up five, nothing and outscaling the team.
Well, I'm sorry.
It's a, it's a game with fighting.
It's a physical game that will always be that way until Until they take fighting out, if you're up 5-0 and you're doing stuff to piss off a team
and there's a veteran on the other team that's had enough, he's going to do something about it.
So both sides were at fault, I think.
And Beagle certainly, I don't know if he feels bad, but he's probably like,
shit, I pounded this kid's head in.
But I know I've been talking for a while here. It brings me to another aspect of this. And I'm sure you had this in the
notes was Timu Solani's comments after. And Timu sent out a tweet. Enough, I'm paraphrasing,
enough of these guys on the ducks getting pushed around. We need to bring in some toughness.
So as all these people talk about how the game is changing and we cannot have bullshit like that and Beagle beating a defenseless player and blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah.
Well, do you notice what some of the best teams are doing?
Because the Rangers are having one of the best seasons in the league and they brought in Reeves.
And the Colorado Avalanche have McDermott all the time.
And the Wild are a big, strong team who just brought in Delorier.
And when the Bruins were this wagon of a team last 10 years they were one of the toughest teams going
and toronto has wayne simmons so as much as everyone hates it you need it yeah it doesn't
matter where the game's going because the game is still the game it's still the physicality it's
still the violent nature of hockey when the playoffs come it's going to be even worse sorry
folks sorry people who don't like it.
You need the toughness.
So Timu's saying we traded a late DeLaurier.
We've gotten rid of guys.
It's like you cannot do that.
I know people want to think, oh, we just need a team of flying, skillful players.
No, dude, this is hockey.
It doesn't work like that.
And look at Calgary and look at the season they've had
and look at the teams Daryl Sutter had in L.A.
You can't play hockey with an entire roster of fast, skillful, fun-to-watch players.
And I know that that's going to create an uproar with people
who don't think you should have to have toughness in your lineup to be a good team.
That is the game.
And I know some people don't like the game that way,
but they're incorrect in thinking that way.
In my opinion.
I think those type of people have pushed it to a good place.
It's not where it was, right?
Exactly.
I use the term the push.
But it's never going where they want it to go.
Bingo.
And that's the key right there.
The pussification of the game has reached a level
where I think that we're in a great spot.
If you're not under the
understanding that that whole scrum and that result of Troy Terry's eye happened because in a
five nothing game with five minutes left somebody poked at the goalie now I'll ask you this with I
don't know if there's going to be a clip out there where it comes back to bite me in the ass but you
typically think a guy like I'll just use Sid as an example, or any smart veteran,
up 5-0 where that puck's underneath the goalie,
most guys are just like,
I'm not poking at that puck
because I know what's going to happen.
And it was a rookie mistake.
I'm not saying he shouldn't go after that puck
because, oh, the whistle hadn't gone,
but it's like, hey, man,
if you go after that puck that's underneath the goalie,
it's been happening since the beginning of time as far as hockey is concerned.
So anybody who didn't want that to happen can't argue at the fact
that you can't be going after that puck when it's 5-0 with that much time left.
And to go even further, back in that game, things were getting a little bit chippy,
and even, I guess, Anaheim apparently was yapping quite a bit.
So tensions were already on high on top of that before that scrum.
Did it get even worse because it just so happens that Trevor Zegers,
the guy who pulled off that fancy move between his legs and then does the Michigan,
probably add to the fact that he got a little bit of extra spice on the cross check
and there was a retaliation?
Yeah, but as you mentioned, he kind of folded like a cheap tent.
It wasn't even that bad of a retaliation, in my opinion.
The cross-check was warranted,
and it wasn't any harder than what he did to the goalie.
The cross-check, it wasn't that bad.
Now, Merles, remember back in the day,
and I know saying back in the day,
like, what a boomer, what a loser Whitney is.
If it was 5-0, it's like, boys, let's get out of the game, boys.
No bullshit, guys.
Teams wouldn't even want to get it to 5-0.
That's what I've been, since the Toronto Metro Junior Hockey League days
when I was actually a skilled player,
I wouldn't even want to be on the ice in the last five minutes
if we're up 5-0.
I put some of this on the coach.
Why do you have Zegras and Terry out there?
Nah, that's a lot.
And if it's 5-0, I'm not going anywhere anywhere near the corner i'm not going near the goalie if i'm up five nothing i've been probably going by their bench and chirping after
a michigan like i i put a little blame on those guys for even being putting themselves in that
situation as a coach i would now now here's here's the argument is people at home are like that completely disagree with my take.
It's like, why?
Why should you not be going after a loose puck up five?
Nothing.
Score more.
You're skilled.
Get as many goals you can.
It's just that's the way the hockey's played.
You the game's over.
Don't fuck around and piss somebody off unless you're willing to go. And there's plenty of guys, like if you're Looch or you're one of these players
who's willing and looking forward to protecting yourself
and maybe he's got a pissed off vibe about you at the end of the game
and you're like, you know what, even though we're up 5-0,
I'm going to go in and poke at the goal and I hope somebody pushes me
because I still want to get in a fight tonight.
But if you don't want to get in a fight, just skate away.
That's what Walsh used to do.
People think I'm crazy for that, but that's how it was when I played and I don't think it'll ever go the other
way completely yeah when I was played with Walsh and Wilkes-Barre in the fourth line we would get
those minutes and he's like Merle's I'm gonna go in and poke the goalie and start a fun bunch
just make sure you grab one of the guys that comes after me because he knew they would all be in
there and and that's what it is you get in there and and then in defense to beagle like you said earlier the wires cross it's you
don't know what you're doing in there you're just grabbing on and you're you're fighting for survival
and as we said it was an it was an eye for an eye at that point it was a poke for a cross check and
then like i mean i i we've talked about maybe how he should have stopped wailing on troy terry but
i mean i i think the whole thing got escalated
by the fact that two guys took a run at him.
I don't know that I'd equate with the poke from Zegers with the cross check.
I know it wasn't the worst cross check,
but I mean, it was a Billy a jab and kind of Hutton didn't even react.
I think the cross check was a little worse than Zegers poking at the puck.
Fair enough. Fair enough.
I respect that opinion from you.
And yeah, no, I'm an actor. Yeah. No, I appreciate that.
By the way, I'm sure Troy Terry's been doing okay at the bar the last few days.
Oh, yeah.
He should be back at Coyote.
Oh, no, he's got a girl.
The stitches in the black eye.
This is a very deep cut.
Yeah.
But so Zegers' comments after, I mean, I saw some people ripping on him, right?
He called Terry a superstar.
That's one of his best friends.
He sees his buddy with his eyes swelled shut with stitches in his eyelid.
The funniest part, though, is he keeps looking over his shoulder.
Did he think Beagle was coming down the hall after him?
Did you notice in the comments he's looking behind him?
WWF style, like someone's going to come down the hall and hit you.
He's going to get hit with a metal chair in the hallway of the jobbing arena so um even still called that but yeah as far as Tyson Nash's comments I really
think that you know that definitely escalated things and and I'm not obviously in the agreement
that if somebody's skilling it up they should have their fucking face caved in but if you're
if you're maybe you know selling the way that they're selling and then that you know up five nothing at that point guys might get a little fed up with all of it and then that's when you're maybe selling the way that they're selling and then up 5-0 at that point,
guys might get a little fed up with all of it, and then that's when you're going to get teed off on.
So, I mean, I'm sure they're regrettable for him and he wanted to reword them.
But, hey, man, when you're live on a broadcast and you probably know as much inside information
as how fed up guys are with certain situations. Maybe you actually speak from the heart
and you don't sugarcoat it, and then here we are.
It might serve as a reminder to these young guys
that this is still the NHL, like Witt just said,
and these things can happen.
Just because you engage a guy, he's not going to wrap you up.
Some guy might punch the shit out of you.
Like Witt said, guys' wires get crossed.
They should make a tap-out rule in hockey.
Also, one other point.
The NHL is not going to be Olympus-sized.
They're never going to get this out.
And NHL fans don't want it.
We want the physicality.
We want the fight.
And like I've said for years, Whit,
in case of emergency, break glass.
These guys want it as an option.
They're never going to vote it out.
And it's part of the game.
And people don't want it.
I don't know.
Maybe watch it differently because it's the NH fucking L.
You can watch the Swedish third division.
We're not allowed to fight there.
That's because everyone's so hung over,
they'll pee themselves if they square off.
Well, that's why we had a game on Sunday,
and Timra, our big club back home,
stayed up, and they were supposed to get relegated,
and they swept the league or the finals.
So they're in the SHL for another year,
which is huge news for the whole city and for EBR
because we can go to the games and we can bet the overs.
But all of our guys are huge fans of that team too.
So they won Saturday night, and the boys might have had a few extra cocktails
and stayed out.
There was one guy out until 3 a.m., and then our team played at 4.
So I guess it was quite a show.
But he scored, of course, and we won.
So all is good.
There you go.
All right, boys, any final thoughts on that before we move on?
Really nice move by Zegers to go around Milano with the Michigan.
Oh, sick.
And the fact that it was off of a missed in-between-the-leg shot,
and then he grabs it and weasels it around Milano, it was dirty.
That's what he does.
He's got this crazy skill level.
And I think if he was looking back, he'd probably take back
just giving that extra poke at the goalie.
Even though, R.A., you are right.
It wasn't that bad.
It's more about the optics.
Yep.
All right.
Moving right along.
Long-time beloved Buffalo Sabres broadcaster Rick Generate.
He's going to be retiring after this season.
So the team raised a banner for him the other night to the Rafters.
Awesome scene, man.
I mean, if you've been listening to hockey, watching hockey for the last 50 years, you know this guy's voice.
Some epic calls.
Mayday, mayday against my Bruins back in 93.
It was absolutely classic.
He joined the Sabres Biz in their second season.
He's been part of their radio or TV crew for the last 51 years.
The team wore RJ patches.
They brought him out after the game for pitches.
He was named the game's first star.
And you could tell he was genuinely moved.
It seemed like the whole crowd was teared up actually
murray's we should probably go to you as somewhat of a local guy you grew up listening to him yeah
um my best friend's tim conley so he played there 10 or 12 years he actually was at the game he went
out there they had a big ceremony for him and he went out to dinner with him and everything so yeah
i grew up watching him i what was it oh five5, 06, 07-er? The Buffalo had those big playoff runs, and when he would make those goal calls,
I remember the Roy one.
He would go, Roy.
It was amazing.
It just made the game fun to watch.
I used to love watching Sabres games just because of him.
And LaFontaine.
That's probably one of the more famous ones too.
Yeah, he's a legend.
Jim Lorenz was his color guy for a long, long time.
His son's a friend of mine.
Why don't we play a couple of them?
Malapski coming up with it.
Lost it.
He's right on the goal!
Oh!
Looked like a butterfly, stinked like a butterfly
stinks like a bee
Alexander the greatest
that's 15
LaFontaine
makes his shot
scores
well
here's the season
LaFontaine
he gets tripped up gets it to May Here's the season. La, la, la, la, La Fontaine.
Coming it up to La Fontaine.
He gets tripped up.
Gets it to May.
And over the line.
Here's May.
Going in on goal.
He shoots.
It's gone.
Mayday.
Mayday.
Mayday.
Mayday.
Mayday.
Mayday. Mayday.
Mayday. Mayday. Mayday. Mayday. Mayday. Mayday. Mayday. Mayday. Mayday. Mayday. Mayday. Mayday. Mayday. Mayday. Mayday. Mayday. Mayday. Mayday. Mayday. Mayday. Mayday. Mayday. Mayday. Mayday. Mayday. Mayday. Mayday. Mayday. Mayday. Mayday. Mayday! Mayday! Brad May wins it in overtime!
So those are some of his most notable ones.
And I grew up in Niagara as well,
so I actually went to more Buffalo Sabres game than Toronto game.
I think it was awesome, and I know that we've been going back and forth with the fan base, well, I guess I have,
at the fact that the team had been playing so much better
and it seems like the fans are so much more engaged.
So to have a sendoff for him the way that it,
that it happened.
And I believe like they,
they've been on a crazy run up until that point.
And then they beat a pretty good Nashville team in a very,
very good back and forth high scoring game.
So things are looking up for the organization and,
and it's,
it was just a great night and a great feel around town all around.
And also Rob Ray had a great speech as well.
And, you know, basically said, you know, you're one of us.
So RJ seemed just so touched by it.
After the game, what, Tuck and was it Tage Thompson?
A couple of the guys grabbed him and brought him out on the ice,
and it was a very, like on top of the ceremony before the game
to have the send-off after the game as well,
after that emotional win in a packed barn.
Everything that he deserved and more.
Yeah, I've got a picture with all the boys.
Rick, I'm sorry, did you want to chime in?
I didn't know if I cut you off there.
This guy was the best.
The goal calls, where mama hides the cookies,
all the different sayings he had.
And this game was the first sellout the Sabres had since February 2020
before the pandemic against the Leafs.
And they sold this game out all because of him.
And 51 years, dude, radio or TV, part of this team.
And he was with the Buffalo Bison even before that.
So in an age now, especially with the prices and even before it's
it's always been it's been hard to go to an nhl game right if you're a fan and you have kids and
family it's a lot tickets parking you got to get you know food all this merch all these different
things so a lot of times like an announcer like this he's more a part of the fans lives than a
lot of the players and you root for this team
and these players come in and they come out and they're there for a little bit or a long a long
bit and then they're gone but forever rj was there and i think his voice and the way that he brought
you into the game and he made the game exciting for you and and also had you know a little bit
of humor for what i'm told was always a pretty funny guy. One of the guys asked him, maybe it was a reporter,
asking him about his longevity.
How do you do it for this long?
And he said, a few beers here and there never hurt.
He said, I don't do that very much nowadays,
but for a long time it was a steady part of my diet.
So I think all these fans that got to listen to this guy for so long
and a lot of great runs.
And, I mean, you go back to the odd and the mayday beating the bruins walking ray bork and then the run they had to to lose to
carolina in the eastern conference final i think oh five it's just it's a guy that these people
will never forget a lot more so than almost any sabers player and um it's just it's just a hell
of a run by by what i've been told is a classy, classy individual. I got to meet him a couple times just briefly, shake his hand in the locker room.
But happy for him and what a run it was.
I mean, when you have a guy like that as your announcer for that long,
that's pretty sweet.
I mean, Bruins fans got to deal with Jack Edwards.
These guys get RJ for 51 years.
So it can be amazing and it can be tough in terms of your play-by-play guy.
And they had the best.
Yeah, to go that long and not be hated by anybody, be amazing and it could be tough in terms of your play-by-play guy and they had the best yeah to not
to go that long and not be hated by anybody that's that's a strong feat right and now do you think
that when jack edwards goes that long you don't think he's gonna have that type of send-off
he might i think actually a portion of the fan base really likes him all right i don't know do
you i don't mind jack at all i like him him. I think he's entertaining. I think he is
over the... That's because you guys are buddy-buddy up in Press Row
when you go to the games.
He's in the booth. I don't even see him. I don't know if he
even knows who I am. But no, he's over the top.
But listen, I listen to other games,
other broadcasts. They're all homers to certain
degrees. I don't think Jack's much worse.
Again, he's a little over the top, but he's
no worse than a lot of these other announcers.
Their home team announcers, they're supposed to be homers.
That's what they do.
Jack does make it fun.
He makes it fun.
I think he makes it very fun.
He says a lot of dumb shit, but you're like, this is, this is.
Oh yeah, I love it.
Wouldn't you rather have him talk about you than not?
I mean, if they're not talking about you, then they might not be listening to you.
And what you just mentioned.
Very true.
Very true.
Having a few pops.
He kind of, now that you say it, he kind of reminds me of Harry Carey a little bit.
You know, a long time Cardinals, then Cubs announcer. And then, you know, Rick Jenner, well beloved, having a few pops he kind of now you say it kind of reminds me of harry carey a little bit you know a long time cardinals then cubs announcer uh and then you know rick jenner well beloved having a
few beers it sounds like he's a little bit like harry carey there as well i saw harry carey thing
i don't know if it was true it was on social media somewhere he was like a legendary drinker
and so one night like him and frank sinatra were doing a drink off and finally at like 6 a.m harry
carey goes holy shit frank you. I'm going to bed.
I guess nobody could beat him.
So I guess there is some Harry Carey look-alikes with RJ.
And RJ, just one of those voices, too.
Even if the game's terrible, you still want to listen.
He's just so charming.
So distinctive as well.
And he had to polish a lot of turds over the last 10 years.
Well, just to back that point, because the Sab the sabers man they had a lot to cheer about uh going back to march nine three
and three in the month they had an eight game point streak uh we got to give a shout out tage
thompson he had a real breakthrough season so far 31 goals 23 assists in 66 games uh jeff skinner
rediscovered that score and touches 28 goals and our pal alex tuck he's not even putting the points
on the board but showing his tremendous leadership really kind of galvanizing that group what they're doing there
Kyle Ocposo 18 goals the most he's had in five years to go along with 23 assists Rasmus Darlene
looks like he's turned that developmental corner so you know maybe not playing the parade yet
Buffalo but it's it's nice that you know they've been getting shit on for so long that they had
this nice moment for this season I know it's it's an announcer but well I don't know it's it's
something positive for them.
Yeah, I think they're playing the way they're playing.
I was reading online they're going into next year with all these skilled players
and these young guys, 20 million under the cap still.
So they got a lot to look forward to.
They got  what's up?
They got a great goalie too, this kid from Northeastern.
The goalie, he was on the Canadian Olympic team too.
So they got a  like he was the best goalie in all college hockey, I think.
Yeah, Devon Levi, right?
No, they got him too.
They got him.
The Panthers had him, Biz, and they traded him.
He's a stud.
Okay.
So the Sabres might be coming for you next year.
It sounds like you're just countering down typical fucking biz.
What are you fucking talking about?
Well, you just said things are great.
Things are looking up.
I think you hate these people.
No, if you were fucking listening over there in your stupid little office i said that i was going to keep it
classy today because it's rj's send-off so i'm not i'm not going to be bullying sabers fans
you still hate them though just want to make it clear i'm not i'm not being a turncoat i fucking
hate their guts the only reason they could sell their building was because it was rj night first
time in two
fucking years before the pandemic they couldn't even do it to hate jack eichel enough which
galvanized in by the way you took my word galvanized their whole fucking fan base so we'll
get to them but hey but as they keep reminding me tage thompson 130 goal season jack eichel 130
goal season with the sabers so they they are just nonstop coming at me,
and I'm going to save all my jam for the Chicklets Cup in Buffalo
where I'm going to have to hire security.
I hear some people threatening me online already with it.
So, no, I'm not going back the other way.
I still hate their guts.
I'm Team Eichel.
I will say I'm very happy.
I have a lot of friends who I even got a friend involved with the organization,
Matt Ellis, who's from Niagara
as well played for the Buffalo Sabres
when they were a dumpster fire still
are and keep in mind keep in
mind I'm going to throw one last thing is it either
assistant coach Matt Ellis yeah well
he they when they fired their whole coaching staff
because it's a fucking shit show and I think they've been
through about 17 coaching staffs in the last
17 years
yeah this worked perfect I just stirred like staffs in the last 17 years. All right, this worked perfect.
I just literally put a penny in the machine.
Last thing I'm going to say,
were you with the Edmonton Oilers where you guys would be out of playoffs
by December and all of a sudden you're playing Lucy Goosey?
November 15th.
And all of a sudden in the second half of the season, it's Lucy Goosey.
We'll see where they're at in a few years.
A little bit easier when you're not expected to win And all of a sudden, in the second half of the season, it's loosey-goosey. We'll see where they're at in a few years, okay?
A little bit easier when you're not expected to win,
and then you're going through the doldrum days of the season with the teams who already have playoff spots locked up,
and you're fucking getting all revved up for RJ Knight.
I'm just happy they ended up winning the goddamn game
and they've been on a nice little stretch because we do need Barnes sold out,
and we do need fan bases thriving.
All right. Well, business revved up for that one and wit uh i'm sure you're going to be revved up for this segment
uh our buddy keith yendel philadelphia defenseman uh he was a healthy scratch on saturday night
ending his nhl record iron man streak at 989 games a hell of an accomplishment uh it was an
quote organizational decision end quote quote, per the team.
The last time he didn't play in a regular season game was 13 years ago.
Many were wondering why the Flyers just didn't let him get to 1,000 games
in this lost season.
Why not?
I mean, they've fucking been done so for a long time.
I know JR was pissed about it, our later guest.
He was disappointed in the Flyers.
And then other guys felt different.
Mike Rupp, another friend of the show, he thought it was kind of a charade the way it got handled
he didn't like the way kessel flew in played one shift then left he thought they were kind of
manipulating these records and you know he may have a point and then your boy fairway falls
chimed in he challenged ruppa uh to a debate or whatever so hope it goes better than this
all kinds of shit going on. Lots of takes.
So, Whit, you know, obviously going to go to you on this one first.
Yeah, I mean, like I said, with the Beagle and Zgris and Terry thing,
there's like two sides to everything.
So, I'll take quickly.
The Flyers are looking at it like we don't owe him anything.
We're signing guys from NCAA that we've promised games to.
That's 100 part of the deal when you leave school.
You can play games right now.
And it's been a really tough year.
I know Keith hasn't had a great year, but the way I look at it,
and obviously I'm very biased in terms of this one,
and I see Ruppers' point, but I think it's disgraceful.
And I think it's disgraceful because there is nothing going on in Philly that
Keith playing 11 more games in a row will change the fact,
the fact that they don't allow him to get to a thousand to me makes zero
sense. He's been there all year playing right when he broke the record.
Why didn't they scratch him? Right.
It's so odd to now pick with 14 games to go.
He can't get 11 of them and you can't sit somebody else out.
If I was a defenseman on the team,
I would have pulled my groin to say,
Keith,
stay in your playing.
And the way he handled it was very professional.
I was super proud of him.
And that's great to see.
I wouldn't expect anything less,
but inside,
I know,
I know that locker room was disappointed and upset because they all look up
to him.
And yes,
there's a million fires fans, all these people.
Oh, he doesn't have a good year.
He shouldn't be playing bullshit.
You're not inside the room.
And there are former players who were in way more locker rooms than I.
I mean, Hal Gill and Mike Rupp, who said that it was bullshit.
But I disagree with them because that team, they look up to Keith.
He is a role model.
What he's done is something that they're
so beyond impressed by and i think fans like as much as it's cool and as much as we've tried to
talk about breaking that iron man streak and how amazing is they never really would understand it
like players are the ones who who get that and i know i sound like one of those guys oh i played
you didn't but the fact he didn't miss a game and he was that close to a thousand straight
it's just such a number to look at and say not only did i break the record and kessel's probably oh, I played, you didn't. But the fact he didn't miss a game and he was that close to 1,000 straight,
it's just such a number to look at and say not only did I break the record,
and Kessel's probably going to break his, but I got to 1,000.
People pray, not pray, people will do anything to get to 1,000 career games played,
and he had the chance to do 1,000 straight.
And with the team 500 points out of the playoffs they couldn't give them 11 more games
it's it's it's mine it's mind-boggling to me it's like what is the difference and and mind you this
season was completely thrown off when ellis got hurt because keith probably would have played
with braun all year instead braun had to move up because ellis never got to play and the season's
been a disaster but to look at it and say, like, oh, taking Keith out
and getting this NCAA kid who's  this isn't his fault at all.
Getting him games, like, that's really what this organization needs.
Like, is that going to change this young kid's career that much?
Or take out another guy because you have something going on right now
that while the season's been a disaster and a write-off,
at least you can look and say, yeah, we don't owe him anything.
And yeah, this is his only year here.
But he has the chance to end his career playing a thousand straight games.
And so for them to take him out, I thought it was disgraceful.
I couldn't, I could not disagree with the move more.
And I'm saying that I like Mike Yeo.
I had him for a long time.
And I like Chuck Fletcher.
He was in Pittsburgh as well.
Two good guys.
They made a decision that I don't agree with.
I still haven't gotten Yan's feelings on it,
but I did text him nobody used to make a fuss about
when I was a healthy scratcher.
That's because they knew you'd still be in the shower post-game hanging.
That was your best role.
Yeah, staring at Yan's horn.
But I guess I don't know how to feel about it and i'm on the fence
because it's like well you know as as frustrated as i am like you said about the fact that they
have nothing going on they're out of playoffs this has kind of been going on all year and but
then you also mentioned that maybe they promised these college kids and now they have to start
worrying about the future right but i talked to a few wily veterans and they said to start worrying about the future, right? But I talked to a few Wiley veterans, and they said it's more about the organization
being not able to get other guys coming over because players might look at what they did
as disrespectful, right?
So it might hurt them in the long run.
And going back to Ruppers' comments, for the same reason that the Coyotes did it for Kessel,
is they want to be
looked at as an organization where it's like you know we want we respect the players we want the
players to be happy it's about the players so it made me understand a little bit more going to what
your point is now I guess all my focus and attention goes to it the fact that I'm so happy
that the Flyers ended up bringing them in and Y Yans was, in fact, able to break the record
because I got to play with a guy, and I'm friends with a guy,
where every time that record's shown on NHL Network or in tweets,
I get to be reminded that my buddy set the record for the longest game streak.
Now, does it suck that it didn't end up getting to 1,000?
Absolutely.
But I just am more happy that he ended up breaking the record and he and you
know the team who is now kind of facing a lot of this ridicule was the one who delivered that
despite as what a lot of people are saying with is the fact that maybe the play wasn't there
and you know it sucks to say that because he's my buddy and like but man we go back two years ago
he had I think he had over 50 points with the Florida Panthers and and he was the same old Jans and and and the fact that
maybe Jans wasn't able to play up and up to what he used to play was a reason why they eventually
said hey you know we we got to take him out of the lineup but at this point now or not right after
when he broke it that's what what leaves me just perplexed
and then who ended up making the decision.
So I don't want to sound too harsh towards Jens
because I would want to have the conversation with him too,
but I would imagine he doesn't want all this negative attention either
for just simply being a healthy scratch.
He's probably at this point thinking,
God, this is taking a lot of time and attention away from the team as well.
And that's the kind of guy he is. So all in all, it sucks. Bobby at this point thinking, God, this is taking a lot of time and attention away from the team as well.
And that's the kind of guy he is.
So all in all, it sucks.
I don't think it was the right decision.
I think it's frankly stupid, and they kind of brought that attention on themselves.
But in the same breath, as I said, I'm just so happy that he ended up breaking the record.
I'm happy that he wanted to go out the way that he wanted to go out and I think that the main message that he had was he's like I don't want my family or my kids to ever see me as a quitter and he's not they had to pull him out of the lineup he didn't pull himself out he broke
the record and he has it right now so I'm happy for him it sucks that we have to talk about this
RA and I don't know how you feel about it yeah I was curious whether it was
they said an organizational decision so
was it the coach was it the team did they all sit down
I mean I guess it doesn't matter at the end of the day
it's over but for a little laugh and a little
levity there was a quote from JVR about Kessel
because you know Kessel's probably going to break the record
he said I'm sure a lot of strength and condition
and specialists are at a loss for words
like we got in Kessel playing that many games
well pretty pretty funny quote but I want to ask you I guess is I mean he's going to get a
swan song here he's probably going to get in at least another game or so to get I guess a final
lap for a lack of a better term or no I have no idea okay I have no idea how they're approaching
it I mean I would think so but I mean it seems like they've kind of moved on for now and are
they going to continue to play these young guys I have no idea how it'll go out I don't it seems like they've kind of moved on for now, and are they going to continue to play these young guys?
I have no idea how it will go out.
It is funny because I do see, like, there's so many fans that are like,
what the  like, why do we need to keep playing him?
This streak, like, he broke the streak.
And I understand where they're coming from.
I just think, like, being in the room and talking to guys in that room,
it's just different the way that they look at things as opposed to fans
because the team's been bad all year, and everyone's struggled.
So it's kind of like, well, why don't we at least give the guy 1,000 games?
But I'm not sitting here and saying there isn't an argument to both sides of it,
and obviously me knowing Keith is kind of my side.
So it's just kind of brutal the way it went out.
But you said it perfect, Biz.
It was an amazing run, and he did break the record,
and that's what will be remembered.
Yeah.
And as I touched on, it's like I lean on the wily veterans
and the old school guys' opinion because I'm just kind of this plug
who played where I just kind of follow the lead.
You're saying that the guys in the room are probably pissed off about it.
What does that say moving forward?
You've got to worry about that culture in the locker room
and even the guys that are still going to be there.
So they might be like, well, why didn't they come to us with this question?
We want to pick the guys that we go on the ice with.
So I don't know.
Shitty situation.
So I don't know.
That's it.
Yeah.
Either way, congrats to Keith, man.
Whatever else happens, it's a hell of an accomplishment that he did.
13 fucking years and not missing a regular season game.
So kudos to KY.
I got my shady rays on today, Biz.
Not only because I look like shit, but we got an ad read for him today.
And these are awesome shades.
Shady Rays is back for another run around the sun.
Shady Rays sunglasses offering an industry-best combination of fit, style, and performance without the big brand price tag. And it doesn't stop at the sun. Shady Rays sunglasses offer an industry best combination of fit, style, and performance
without the big brand price tag. And it doesn't stop at the quality. Shady Rays offers the most
insane protection program in all of eyewear. Every pair is backed by lost and broken replacements.
So if you lose or break your pair of Shady Rays, even on the first day, they replace it with a
brand new pair. No questions asked. So you they replace it with a brand new pair no questions
asked so you can wear with confidence whether you're hosting your podcast or just out for a
sunday drive and gang i know i've been on the shady rays i've been a shady rays die hard for a while
i know they're not with these uh fancy pairs of glasses but these things are unreal they're super
sunglasses i'm not just saying that i wear them all the time unreal shades go out and grab a pair
and exclusively for our listeners shady rays has given out their very best deal of the season.
Go to ShadyRays.com slash chicklets for 50 off two plus pairs of polarized sunglasses.
It's an unreal deal for unreal shades.
It's basically buy one, get one free.
These are super, dude.
You lose them, hey, I lost them.
They send you a new pair, man.
That's an unreal deal.
Yeah.
You know? Fucking right. Confused. No, I lost them. They send you a new pair, man. That's an unreal deal. Yeah. You know?
Fucking right.
Confused.
No, I'm still thinking about the Yan situation.
I hope I didn't come off too hard, too, because I'm trying to see all the sides.
And even for Yo, you think Yo is the head coach there next year?
Don't forget, guys, they had a 37-year-old right wing playing in that lineup that night, too,
that has like four points.
So they're not too
worried about the future so why don't you put yandel as the 13th forward or the 12th you know
or 12th forward or 7th d he doesn't need to play the power play but you can't say you're it's all
about the future and you have this 37 year old with four points and i also heard it was the
coach's decision which i i but i but i you know I'm not in those conversations I'm
not in that room right so then I was like what like that's bizarre if it was the coach's decision
and he was the one who was putting him in the lineup to break the record why wouldn't he just
keep him in and I don't want to keep talking about this but wait do you think I was too critical and
like taking like seeing both sides of it no no there are two sides to it like I said on every
single story and event in
this league there's always two sides it's just i'm kind of on the side of like you have nothing
going on there this year like there's zero reason to end that streak there really there really is
and even if you want to end it at a thousand and give somebody the three final games it's just
to me i completely disagreed but having seen Rupp who played a lot more games than me
and Hal Gill who played a lot more games than me,
completely disagree.
There are definitely players who don't kind of sit with me,
but I also know what was said inside that locker room.
Hey, wasn't the D who stepped in too, minus four?
I hammered the Leafs, though, that night.
I just knew that Flyers were going to get bad karma.
You knew, like Witt said, the locker room wasn't going to feel good about that game,
and the Leafs went out, and they scored six or seven goals.
I mean, they've also lost.
I mean, the Leafs are awesome.
The Leafs have me slightly worried right now, not going to lie.
All right, boys, there's been tons of scoring this season, tons of points.
That means a lot more milestones.
And Connor McDavid, Wednesday night in a 4-3 shootout win over L.A.,
he reached 100 points for the fifth time in his career.
He's up to 105 points in 69 games,
and he's got 12 more games to pass his career high of 108.
He's probably going to blow that out of the water.
He's the 19th player with five 100-point seasons.
He's only in his seventh season.
And for comparison, Sid has six in 17 seasons.
So not to make a McDavid versus Sid, but just to put it in perspective,
only two guys in league history with 10-plus 100-point seasons,
Amario and Wayne.
So, again, McDavid just on this unreal trajectory.
And just last night, his teammate Leon Dreisaitl became the second player
this year to hit 50 goals, and he made it 6-1 versus Anaheim.
Just the second time he's hit 50.
He needs one more for a new career high.
And he's the third active player with multiple 50-goal seasons after Ovi and Stammer.
I mean, McDavid just keeps getting it done.
Leon right alongside him.
Well, and McDavid, he would have hit it in all seven seasons
if it wasn't for the shutdown because of covid and then the injury as well i think he was i think the it was a year where he ran into the goalpost
wasn't it yeah that's good good point so he would he would be seven for seven guys it's remarkable
um and it's it's almost like we're um what's the term i'm looking for we're so used to it i mean
we don't even really have him in the heart conversation this year,
but he's going to end up running away with the scoring title again.
Take it for granted?
Yeah, we're taking him for granted at this point.
But it's very special.
They've got two special guys there that are fun to watch.
And, I mean, as far as Dreisaitl is concerned,
I mean, the guy kills penalties as well.
So he's just an absolute fucking horse.
And, wait, you talk about being scared of the Toronto Maple Leafs.
I'm starting to get a little bit scared of the Oilers and people are like oh what
are you scared about they don't have any goaltending I feel like they are starting to get that mojo
and their record under the new coach is incredible they're just finding ways to win they look like
they're having a good time I can tell you a lot right now sorry whip but no no go ahead I've I've
loved following your guys Calgary Edmonton bet all year long.
I've wrote a couple blogs about it.
I've made some boosts because of it.
And I've been on Biz's side the whole time, like the Oilers.
They're brutal.
But I just happened to look at the standings today.
Edmonton would play the LA Kings,
and Calgary might have to end up playing Las Vegas.
Vegas. I know, dude. that is not a good matchup like i i
if edmund can even get home ice versus la kings they're moving on and then calgary's got to deal
with vegas who nobody wants to deal with i agree with you on paper that scares me i have actually
since they've been on this run watch more la L.A. Kings games, even though they got some guys you've never heard of in the lineup,
they are fast, they play extremely well defensively,
they get timely saves, and they're a bugger to play against.
They ended up beating up Calgary in Calgary the other night in that shootout.
And then where did they end up playing the night before that?
And then they beat Winnipeg.
They got five of six points, Edmonton, Calgary, Winnipeg.
And then they ended up coming back on Edmonton,
scoring those two quick goals.
But if I could
100.
Edmonton looks knock on wood three times at your right hand.
If Edmonton gets in, there could be no other matchup you'd rather want than LA.
Give me that. No, for sure. That's what I'm saying. I couldn't agree more. And the worst matchup you'd rather want than LA. Give me that.
No, for sure.
That's what I'm saying.
I couldn't agree more.
And the worst matchup would be Vegas.
Like, you don't want to see Vegas if they get all healthy.
Yeah, Vegas is on a little ball right now.
I sent out a tweet after that Oilers win the other night.
I sent out a tweet.
I said, I'm starting to get a little bit nervous.
I'm starting to get nervous.
Just like you were nervous the entire season about your left ear getting pierced.
I'm starting to get nervous about having the Peter Manz biz on national television.
Can somebody reach out to me too?
Maybe a Jewel.
Well, I know we got Larry Flowers as a Jewel,
but I don't know how much money I could spend in terms of...
I want the cross, if I do lose the hanging cross,
to be like two pink Whitney bottles.
That would be kind of sick.
You know, where I put a little advertising on the
cross that I'll have for a month. What are pink diamonds
called? Is there a name for them?
I'm sure that's going to run, guy.
A couple falling off a truck into
R.A.'s house one time. Other than that, he doesn't
know. He knows about the other rocks.
I saw him cut gems a couple times. That's about my
extent. I got an engagement ring fucking 13 years
ago. That's my extent with diamonds.
And you did mention Crosby's only got 500 point seasons i think malcolm has three and then he has
one year with 99 points or 98 but they changed their game a little bit they probably could have
had more 100 point seasons they had they had they had more depth they played a little more defense
so as amazing as it is what we're watching, I truly think when the Oilers become,
or hopefully someday become,
a perennial Stanley Cup contender,
if that ever goes down,
their points might go down a little bit.
That is how the game goes.
You won't need to rely on them entirely, hopefully.
And it does change the fact that if Sid and Gino
were together on average to bad teams
throughout their career they would have had more 100 point seasons look at Witt turning on his own
guys talking about me not at all just being honest buddy I'm unbiased baby unless we're talking about
Jans I'm on the I'm on the go kings go bandwagon only 85 to one ticket hey we don't we don't talk
about Hubert O'N enough he set the record for
points or excuse me exist by a left winger i mean this guy's getting it done in florida like i feel
like we just got to shed some more light on on this guy yeah biz before we get to hubie we got
to talk about matthews because i said that leon was the second guy to get 50 and of course thursday
in toronto austin matthews got the empty netter and a 7-3 win over Winnipeg that gave him his career-high 50th goal.
Just the fourth Leaf in history to score 50.
That's crazy for a team that's been around that long.
He did it in just 62 games, the fastest Leaf ever.
He joins Rick Vive, Gary Lehman, and Dave Anderchuk on that short list.
He added his 51st Saturday night in Philly,
and he's now just four goals from setting the single season record for the Leafs.
He's got 88 points in 63 games right now.
Obviously an MVP candidate.
He's got 250 goals in his career now and 397 games played.
And his boy Biebs caused a little stir down the street in Montreal too.
Yeah, Biebs is taunting the Habs crowd.
I don't know if you
Oh, yeah.
He's like, how's the playoff race coming?
Boo.
Oh, yeah. He's chirping the Habs. They got the most cups and they were in the finals last year. You're a you... Oh, yeah. He's like, how's the playoff race coming? Boo! Oh, yeah.
He's chirping the Habs.
They got the most cups, and they were in the finals last year.
You're a Leafs fan, Bieber.
Pretty ballsy.
Pretty ballsy.
And going back to what we said about how McDavid would be probably 7-for-7
with not the injuries, without some of the shutdowns,
he would have already hit 50.
But, I mean, knock on wood, there's a strong chance
that he's going to set the all-time goal record in the season for the Leafs, man.
And just a special player, an absolute specimen,
having an MVP caliber season.
And what's even more impressive is how good he plays defensively,
but yet is still able to put the puck in the net.
And credit to Marner and Bunting, his two line mates,
who have been just feeding him all season long.
More specifically, Marner, who's an absolute wizard and has, I mean I mean in the last 50 games I don't know what the numbers are but he's
up there as far as uh uh primary points and just analytic numbers off the chart so it's it's been
a very special year for those three guys and uh very happy happy for Austin Matthews and and uh
and having man this this is all coming off wrist surgery too he missed
the first few games of the season and he got off to a bit of a slow start so the fact that if he
could not only win the rocket but set the the all-time uh leafs goal record in the season
i mean i said it greatest maple leaf of all time he's well on his way and me and g were in the cab
on the way over to dinner last night and could could you imagine if this guy brought a Stanley Cup back to Toronto?
Biggest legend of all time in the entire city.
I would say.
You talk about the Raptors winning one.
If Austin Matthews, if they won the Stanley Cup forever, statue, everything,
doesn't matter.
Agreed.
Agreed.
As I've said, those two are magic together and marner's is on a different
level right now had the slow start to the year and now it's like you got to get newlander going
again i don't think once this season they've had newlander and marner going at the same time
so if that can happen look out now once i what i've said is just get him to the playoffs and
matthew's numbers are nice in the playoffs, aren't they? Like he's never really.
His only criticism was he had an offensive struggle in any of these playoff exits. I'm not exactly sure off the top of my head.
I'm looking it up quick.
I think games maybe five, six and seven against Montreal.
There was a little bit of criticism, but I guess his numbers haven't.
You know, he only had one goal last year in the seven games, two goals in the five games the year prior in the bubble.
He only had one goal last year in the seven games, two goals in the five games the year prior in the bubble.
So I'll say it all comes down to the playoffs, like I've continued to kind of harp on.
But this run offensively by Matthews and this goals per game, you're looking at an all-time great goal score.
I don't think it would surprise anyone to see this guy end his career with 600, 700 goals.
I mean, at what point is he going to not be a threat to get 50 to 60 every season?
He's so big.
He's strong.
His skating continues to get better.
He's a beast on the puck.
He's not easy one bit to get off the puck.
He's just like he plays angry.
He plays violent. And then his shot is top notch, one of the best I've seen.
So a true, I think the first American to get 50 since John LeClaire, maybe?
R.A., do you have that?
Yeah, John LeClaire, I want to say 96, I believe, yeah.
Holy shit, that's been a long time, man.
I know, I was really surprised to hear that.
What was the other thing I was going to mention quickly?
Oh, goals per game, too.
I think that only Mike Bossy and Mario Lemieux are higher
as far as goals per game so
far which i looked at mike bossy i think he scored a goal uh 0.82 every 0.82 games perhaps the most
underrated goal scorer in nhl history yeah he doesn't get talked about enough really doesn't
really doesn't at all and then mario we all know shortened career but holy shit what a run
absolutely uh biz let's get to hubido uh hubido
wednesday jonathan hubido set the record for most assists by a left wing in a season
when his 71st passed joey junos 70 back with the 92 93 bruins and he added a pair in saturday's
incredible third period comeback to stun jersey in ot seven to six catcher down six two going
on the third period
rattled off five unanswered including two by bakov with the goal he pulled uh but either way back to
hubo though this guy unreal by the way do these two not look like brothers did you see the picture
they tweeted out bakov and they do look very similar like freaking brothers but what uh let's
go to you for your take on jubito breaking the assist record just super skilled we'll never really
get talked about enough because of where he plays unless they were to go on a cup run this year
which i have my questions about that team i think they gave up what six to the devils three or four
yesterday to buffalo sunday it's i don't know about that team defense i know act blads out but
offensively they're as good as anyone in the league, and it's pretty much because of this guy. I know Barkov missed close to 13, 14 games this year,
so he'd probably be over 90 points as well.
But this guy's so sneaky the way he does it,
and this is not  people could harp on me.
He's a righty, but kind of Corey Perry-ish.
Neither one of them are the best skaters,
yet whenever you think you have them and this is
perry's prime his mvp season is it's like they're just able to kind of weasel in and out of plays
and they open their feet up and without being overly fast they always are able to like gain
extra time and space because of little fakes they make because of their hands i think huberdo has
such a good shot and then he knows that that's backing off defenseman and getting goalies
thinking.
And then he's also able to make these beautiful passes.
And I mean,
look at Duclair's numbers this year,
right?
Like this,
this isn't,
this isn't a fluke thing.
He's got Huberto audition and to be a winger and to have that many
assists though,
it's crazy because I'm sure he could have more goals.
He's got 24,
but if he's not a pass first winger,
he's looking at a 30, 40 goal season.
So in tight, that's where I see the Perry is like any player
or most normal players, they don't realize that they might have
that split extra second that opens up the goalie's legs quicker
or allows a passing angle to just kind of show up late.
And that's why his patience and his skill reminds me of a worm.
And I think Huberto is one of the most liked players by his teammates.
Like he's, I got to experience the seven games minus seven, zero points.
And I saw how cool he was.
Just a great kid who's very professional too.
I mean, I know I say that about a lot of guys who are successful in the league.
So it is a cliche, but he loves the game.
He shows up.
He's very enjoyable to be around,
and he's got this skill level that right now
has kind of taken over,
and you've finally seen what he can do.
Not finally.
He had 90 points four years ago,
but this year has been just a real extreme
because he's going to end up with 110 points probably.
Yeah, and just to quickly add on the end here,
that's what's making this MVP race so hard.
You have a team like Florida who's so dominant in the East,
and he's 25 points ahead of Barkov.
You did mention that Barkov's missed about a dozen games, 13 games.
But, man, to be leading your team by 25 points
when you're the best team out East,
I guess other than Colorado right now,
it's hard to not
make the argument that you know he's one of the guys who should be in that race and definitely
considered and last year that amazing series they had with Tampa in six games the Panthers lost but
uh Hubie had 10 points so I mean he was able to show up in the playoffs last year so I wouldn't
expect anything different come come May this year all right boys well said good discussion there i think we should send it over to our first guest now we
haven't talked about the carolina hurricanes too much lately because they've just been kind of on
a roll all year we've kind of revisit them a little bit so we're happy to have jordan martin
come on and chat about his team a little bit but first we want to let you know that this interview
is brought to you by sport clips i don't take my broken phone screen to a mechanic for the same reason I don't trust my hair in the hands of my grandma's stylist.
I want someone who specializes in me, and the experts at Sport Clips are trained specifically for guys' hair.
Long, curly, short, thinning, thick, chubby face, skinny, whatever your look, they know how to cut and shape your hair to fit you best.
They have an MVP of haircut experience.
Awesome haircut, hot steamed towel, invigorating shampoo, neck and shoulder treatment.
It takes a haircut and it turns it into an event.
It takes your day and it turns it into a mancation.
It will have you walking out feeling 10 feet tall with the confidence that
says bring it on. Sport Clips also has an online check-in so you never have to wait for your cut.
Sport Clips, the pros and mens here. And now enjoy Jordan Martin.
Well it's been almost two years since we first had this Carolina hurricane on with us.
Right now his team is leading the Metropolitan Division
in his third overall in the NHL.
And he's currently resting a lower body injury.
So I'm really happy he made some time for us.
Thanks a bunch for joining us on the Spittin' Chickas podcast.
Once again, Jordan Matanuk.
How's it going, Matty?
Good.
I came indoors because last time, Witt gave it to me about the birds.
No, no, no.
That was Biz.
That was Biz.
Biz is the audio guy.
I couldn't have cared less.
I'm usually getting yelled at by these guys about my audio.
He's the Mike Tyson of the NHL.
He's got a pigeon factory in his backyard.
He is one, and he's got them.
Oh, I set myself up for that.
Damn it.
That was the first thing I had down.
Where are the birds today?
But you guys have been humming along pretty good this season.
I know there's been a little bit of a hiccup lately with the team,
but what does Rod say to the rooms during something like this?
It has to be expected at some point in the season.
You've got to lose a few in a row.
Yeah, well, I don't know if anybody's seen that game last night
against the Rangers, but it was pretty dominating.
We just couldn't and i we just couldn't get
them in and i feel like i my three years here it's uh or four years now um i feel like we've gone
through kind of a stretch like this every year where it's maybe like five games where we're
struggling to score and then all of a sudden we break out of it and then we're fine and um yeah i
last night was i i can't believe like you've
got to tip your cap there i don't think they touched the puck in the third period other than
they're emptying that goal by vitrano yeah yeah i know you could look i was up in the up in the
nosebleeds up there and you look down on the ice and it was just like complete snow on one end and
it was looked like uh nobody had touched it on the other ends but um you gotta
win how um how this year i mean one of the best teams in the league you guys have so how has the
crowd been because when you when you have a good team in carolina it seems like it's pretty crazy
in there yeah no they've been they've been incredible i think they're the other the other
night they said this is the most sellouts we've had no way 50 15 years or
something i i think we've sold out the last five five or seven games and um yeah it's uh and usually
after down here usually after basketball like march madness it it just turns into like hockey
crazy down here because no they got nothing else to do, no college sports. So probably just going to be selling out for the rest of the way
after Duke or UNC wins the whole thing, and they'll be cheering for us.
For maybe some hockey fans who don't watch you guys closely enough,
probably the best defensive team, at least as far as goals given up,
what's been the biggest difference this year?
And I'm sure Frederick Anderson has a lot to do with it.
Yeah, Freddie and Rance have both been phenomenal.
Whenever you get good goaltending,
obviously it sures up a couple mistakes that get
I think if you're getting a big save when you make maybe a mistake
that there'd be goals going in in the past.
But, yeah, Freddie and Rance have been phenomenal.
And you just look at our back end.
Like, you got Slavo, who's probably up there as the top defensive
defenseman in the league.
And then Pesh and Shazy have, in my mind,
have probably been the best pair around the league.
Like, those two together, they're both good defensively
and then obviously they picked it up offensively too this year.
So our top four I put up against anybody
and then Smitty and Bersey and Colsey
have kind of been interchangeable back there
and they've all been good.
So it starts back there, starts with the goaltending starts with
the d and then our forwards where uh we're taught to to skate and we we pressure the puck everywhere
and if teams are trying to transition on us we're back checking the hell out of it and it's uh it's
been a pretty good recipe in talking to anderson like did you ask him maybe about playing in
toronto and what the
media can do to a guy who's between the pipes like had that had that come up at all and and
does that factor in him being him able to come down there and kind of settle in a little bit
easier uh I obviously he says the media is crazy and it's it's something you got to deal with on
top of playing and uh but he he hasn't really got into in too
depth about it but then i have a friend of mine who's going through it right now like i was pretty
good friends with morazic and seeing what he's going through right now and with the media it's
it's just crazy so obviously freddie i'm it was probably a breath of fresh air to
uh have like a weight lifted off his back and
be able to just play and be able to be able to not have to worry about if you let in a goal that
somebody's coming down your throat it's just he's he's a little freer I think uh I think it's it's
definitely helped his confidence and obviously he's been a good goalie for a long time and it's
it's just uh showing that I don't know maybe toronto is a little too hard on him yeah scumbag fan base
steve simmons hit piece coming at you if you let in a softy gonna give out your your health records
what about you i mean coming back coming back from an injury hopefully soon enough he'll be
right back in the lineup but you must be uh seeing a little bit more rod the bar in the gym right are you working out before practice when he's in
there like what's his whole schedule like i know we chatted about this last time but he's looking
more jacked than ever since that big fine he had to deal with this year well he's usually in there
at the crack of dawn so i miss him by a little bit but uh, yeah, today he came in. He was all pissed. Our athletic trainer does like that March Madness brackets,
and he like puts the standings up,
and then he gives everybody little chirps here and there.
And he gave Roddy a pretty good chirp,
and Roddy came in the training room when I was in there,
and he was all fired up that he was chirping about his March Madness bracket.
His veins were popping out.
I mean, we heard i mean we heard
stories of the fact that he made sure everybody else was locked up before he ended up re-signing
his head coach like yeah are you able to share the information do you know the full backstory
behind all of it i know i know the owner's cheap you don't have to say it but he ended up helping
all the other other guys get locked in before he did, correct? I think, I don't know 100.
I think that's what happened, but I'm not 100 sure on that.
But he was very adamant that he wanted everybody to stay.
So he did everything in his power to make sure that our guys
that we've had here for the past, I don't know,
however long they were going to stay around and get taken care of.
So, yeah, I think he did.
I'm pretty sure he did that.
I'm not 100 sure, but I think he did that.
Maybe regretting doing it for the trainer after the chirps for fucking the NCAA.
He's like, I got you a new deal and you're chirping me right now?
Fucking asshole.
Yeah, you might hold that over those guys' heads a little bit.
Mighty Business, just talking about the D.
You guys lost Dougie in the offseason to free agency,
but you bring in Tony D'Angelo, and you really don't miss a beat.
What has he been able to do that you guys, again,
just kind of picked up where you left off with no Dougie?
Yeah, I think Tony's been
obviously, you knew what type of player he was in New York,
and however that ended or however it played out, think tony's been obviously you knew what type of player he was in new york and i whatever however
that hand or like ended or however it played out it's it's i'm just happy and i'll be the first to
admit i me and him got into it in the playoffs and then me and him were the best like 100 the
best of friends but this year has been unbelievable it's uh i i can't say enough good things about him um like
even like our relationship is on is great um and it's it's good to see he's it's just like he picked
up like he didn't miss a beat and whatever he missed pretty much the whole season last year and
his offensive game is just it's right there with the top in the league.
And you can see it when he was out and our power play was struggling
because he's kind of the quarterback back there.
And he's been running it.
And he's just been hilarious in the room.
And, yeah, he's been a well-added addition.
And, obviously, he's probably going to be getting paid this summer.
Does he run court in the room? Is he the funny guy? Yeah, he's he's probably going to be getting getting paid this summer does he run court in the room is he is he the funny guy he's yeah he's funny he's and he's got that he's got like that phil like philly jersey accent with it's he's and i always knew he was
funny it was just yeah it's he's been he's been incredible i i can't say enough good what was the
first interaction
with him in training camp was it was it a bit awkward because of the history you guys have had
maybe the old dead fish handshake before before before we even got to training camp i had touched
base with them and i said whatever happened in the past let's we'll wipe it off and start fresh
and that's exactly what we did and it's been been, like I said, it's been good.
I can't  I don't know if I'd change anything this year.
It's been awesome.
Back to Brynden Moore a little bit because I'm so interested by him,
the way he coaches.
It seems like all you guys love playing for him,
and he's such a professional.
And when it comes to relationships with the players,
is he a guy doing a lot of one-on-one meetings is he calling guys in or struggling or playing good like what's his whole
um how he approaches each guy is it the same or does he kind of change it up depending on the
player a little bit honestly he's like our our practices are pretty much the same and he pounds
like our video sessions it's like how the right way the way we
excuse me the way we play yeah and he's always he's always kind of pounding away at that and
and then he's not he's not super vocal on the bench like if obviously you screw up he's gonna
let you know but it's he for the most part he lets us play because he's I feel like he's established
or he's instilled like the system of how he wants it done.
And he kind of knows that we're going to go out
and do it that way.
And if you're not going to do it that way,
then you're not going to play pretty much.
And I think it starts, it starts with how he treats
like Aho and Svetch.
He demands a lot from them.
He demands them to play just the exact same
as everybody else.
And I think that obviously that helps his communication with other guys
because if, say, Ajo goes off the rails a little bit and he gives it to him,
then everybody's like, okay, well, he holds Ajo to the standard.
He's holding everybody to the same standard,
which is, I think, a good thing for a coach. Speaking of Ajo, him and Svechnikov,
I guess they're kind of like the two-headed monster there. We see that on other teams.
What do these guys do that maybe the average fan isn't catching or isn't noticing out there?
Well, with Ajo,
it's just his pressure
on the puck. If you you really watch he's he's always like
right on the hip of the d the d man and he's so good with his stick i even last night just
watching i'm like here you need a need a writer we're suspended and we're watching and it's just
like he's so good at kind of knowing when to pick a spot when to go and he's usually usually gets it every time like it's it's pretty
phenomenal and then his his work ethic skill wise is he works so hard on his on his skill so he can
be one of the best players in the league and um spatches obviously it's been well noted he'll go
out and skate he's like the young jogger he'll go go skate until 12.30 and shoot pucks.
Oh, really?
He gets blisters on his hands for shooting pucks after games.
But, yeah, he's always trying new stuff.
Those guys just work at it so much.
It's impressive to see all the time they put into it are you still
yelling in his face in the tunnel before games even when you're injured like you come down with
the suit on no no no no no i no not not when i'm hurt i've done i have in the past when i've been
hurt but i'm not what's the origin of that how did did that all start? Just started when he was 18.
You could just tell he was a little nervous his first couple games,
and I did some stupid shit to try and loosen him up.
Yeah, it kind of went different ways throughout the years,
but it's kind of back to the original right now.
to the original right now and um yeah he's i feel like he's kind of he's not superstitious but he he always kind of wants i don't know if he wants me to do it i yeah because he looks like he's got
resting bitch face when you do it sometimes i don't know if sometimes you get a little
coming out and hit him in the eye or something more for me than it is for him i think but
um i don't know It is what it is.
Maybe one day I'll just be like, hey, you need to stop this.
But for now, he hasn't said anything, and I'm still doing it.
You're like, I'm not stopping.
We keep winning, so you're just going to keep doing it.
And you mentioned he might have been a little nervous at the beginning of his career,
so you started ripping his name off like that.
But this Seth Jarvis, man, he just turned 20 years old.
His rookie year has been outstanding.
I mean, I saw him play.
It's like he plays like a veteran a little bit.
Have you seen nerves from him maybe early in the season
or the whole time you've been kind of blown away
with how kind of calm and cool he seems on the ice?
Yeah, you kind of nailed it on the head.
It's definitely he's been well kind of beyond his years.
And I think we've seen that just from training camp.
He was just doing the things that he wasn't.
You'd think like a 19-year-old kid that's coming out of junior
would be coming in trying to like dangle around,
and he never, never did that.
It was like he knew if he wanted to make this team,
he was going to have to do it Roddy's way.
And he has from day one.
And obviously you can, he's in our system.
It's not like you're taking skill away from anybody.
It's just you get to, you use your skill in different places.
And when you have the time to use it, he encourages you to use it. And Jarvie's definitely, definitely done that.
But I think with him, he's,
he reminds me of like a little surfer from California, the way he talks.
Looks like a South Park character.
Like me and Stepan, we always bug him. We're like, Jarvie, man,
like what's going on?
Maybe in a past life he was like a hippie from California.
Maybe he's ripping the bong before practice.
No?
No, you can't say that?
Who knows?
Who knows?
I don't know.
I don't think he is, but you never know.
Were you a little nervous about the trade deadline at all?
No, I don't know. No, I don't know.
No, I don't know.
It's like, Biz, you trying to tell me something?
Am I getting traded?
No, no.
It's still going.
What time is it?
I thought I was talking to Grinelli,
and he was saying he might be a little bit nervous
about the deadline coming up here.
Wow, he's shriveling.
Gee, he's saying you're getting traded i guess marty what the hell's
going on well that we're the rumor boys so we fuck we throw it every guy's name well biz told
me i'm getting traded arizona for a cab so it shows me it shows me what i'm worth in his eyes
you made a comment about uh rod the bod kind of going back to basics when you guys or specifically
aho and stretch the call when they get off the rails what do you back to basics when you guys, or specifically Aho and Shvetchnikov
when they get off the rails, what do you mean by that
when maybe they kind of, their offensive instincts
start kind of taking over a little bit
and getting out of structure?
Yeah, I think whenever, I guess when we kind of
get in trouble, it goes, like we're a north-south team
and I feel like all the
all the good teams it's it's the same way it's you're chipping pucks in and then you're just
wearing teams down and that's that's kind of our that's what we do and um whenever we're trying to
make like cute little plays of the blue line and try and maybe burn a guy one-on-one and then you're getting it turned over and it's going
the other way then that's when he gets fired up and um yeah it's he'll he'll definitely call you
out on those ones and you try and i i don't really have to worry about that because no matter what
i'm chipping the puck in but yeah it's uh it's it's just's, and it's crazy to see when we are, we do play not like we're
not playing good.
It's, it's, it's obvious what, what we're doing.
So he'll do straight video sessions though, where he'll like pause it and look at the
guy and just be like, what the fuck is this?
Well, he doesn't, he doesn't call the guys out that hard, but it's, it's he'll, he he'll just be like this isn't how we do it or
see it's not like calling a but you're you're the guy on the video you're like oh shit yeah
you just sink back in your stall so you think it's him you think it's him being a former player
in terms of not really embarrassing guys like he knows after playing like that's not the way to go
about things where you'll see some coaches who maybe never played at the highest level not really care about really embarrassing
a guy in front of his teammates yeah i i would say that for sure like how many times did you sit
sitting i got it a lot video room yeah it's it's it's horrible it's like makes you ruins your day
probably ruins your week when you sit there and you get called out.
Yeah, I think that's why guys like him. And obviously there's times where he's got to get on you a little more
than he should, but it's never because he doesn't like you,
which is I feel like sometimes you're like, this coach hates me.
And I don't think any guy on our team would ever think that with Roddy.
Marty, it's already been two years since you guys got Vinny Trocek.
Man, it felt like it was yesterday.
He kind of seemed like he fit right in like a hand on a glove with you guys.
Yeah, he does everything for us.
He's PK, power play, kind of.
I feel like this year he's played with everybody too.
He's been phenomenal.
Obviously, we've got a bunch of guys that are up this year,
and hopefully we can keep all of them.
He's definitely one that we're going to keep around.
Who's that right there?
What's your dog's name? That that's gus oh my god that's a cute dog how old is he he's nine he's been with me through it all so i he's my he's my guy i was gonna say on camera here your
unibrow looks pretty good have you what do you what have you been doing to treat that
i don't know if we talked about it last time i put a hat on to cover it because
these puppies are getting a little i haven't got them waxed for like a month and a half
you ever go to the tweezers on the road if you if you haven't booked a waxing appointment
no i hate tweezing hurts too much i told you this before i. I'm a wax guy. It's been two years.
I couldn't remember.
Tweezing is brutal.
Who would you say?
I'm looking at your roster right now.
Who's the biggest snapshot on the team?
Who maybe will come in just flipping out if he plays poorly
or has a call go against him?
Is there one guy who kind of jumps out as a lunatic?
Or is it you?
All the Finns.
No shit. Our Finns are they got short fuses cockton cockton he's got a short fuse paravine and short fuse aho short fuse those guys are
they're nuts i saw a picture that the hurricanes tweeted actually i think it was uh
jarvis maybe a, and Cockney Emmy
are on the golf course.
They were playing.
He looks like a truck.
Now, maybe Jarvis and Ajo are a little skinny and smaller,
but he's a pretty big dude to be flipping out, I guess,
all the time in the locker room.
It's not all the time, but our bench door might fall off
if he slams her a few times.
Well, you just mentioned a golf course.
Weren't you guys with Harry Styles?
Isn't that the guy they were on the golf course with?
Don't say you guys.
There was a couple.
Marty, Nikash, and Aho were with Harry.
How did they meet him?
What was the connection?
I mean, he's a fucking A-lister.
Well, we got a nice little private club here that a few of the boys are members at.
And Harry wanted to go play some nice golf.
And I think Justin Williams actually had something to do with connecting that.
Is that Chatham?
Like old Chatham or something like that?
That's old Chatham.
Yeah, I heard that's a track.
What did they say he was like?
Said he was good.
Yeah.
I don't think he drank.
He's not a drinker.
He's just a fucker.
He's just crushing everybody's wives.
Like, fucking what's his name?
Who's the guy?
Jason Sudeikis.
Did they ask him why he stole Jason Sudeikis' wife?
I don't think they got into that.
They had the wrong guys out there with asked them right before a big putt
hey why'd you steal ted lasso's wife oh it's just to win the nasa hey why'd you why are you
fucking other guys wives do the boys play a lot of golf on that like are they getting out there
a good amount i mean the weather's perfect all the all the whole year there i feel like
the whole year there, I feel like.
We play a little bit.
I think this last month we've played like a three and four,
and then we've had four days off.
We play a three and four and then four days off.
So, yeah, I think a few of the guys went to Pinehurst last week.
Yeah, we've been playing a little bit.
Looking at the stats, Slavin's already got 10 penalty minutes in 60 games.
Does the guys give him shit for that?
The Rome consider and he only had two last year?
Yeah, I guess we got to get on him.
And the 10 this year, they've all been stick penalties.
It wasn't even over the glass this year.
So, yeah, we got to get on them about that.
So when are we going to see you back in the lineup?
Are you not really willing to say yet?
But you kind of seem to be thinking it's kind of coming to an end here,
your injury?
Well, it's only been four days, and I think I left my hamstring in the rafters of the ACC up there.
But, yeah, it's coming along along it shouldn't be too long nice these are the doldrum days anyways you just want to maybe get
back six seven games before the playoffs then go cruising right in yeah yeah no i i need it i need
to get my reps up now it's late in the season what is like what will rod tell the team i know like
what says kind of doldrums here you guys have been first place pretty much the whole season
what's he telling you guys just to keep your your mental mental awareness being acute mentally and
all that shit yeah well i think our schedule our schedule here coming like we play playoff teams
for the next while so those and even when you're not playing teams that are in the in the mix
these games the
games coming down to it are always always hard games like I've been when I was with Arizona we
I felt like we played our we were always out of it pretty early when I was with them
and we were playing some of our best hockey at the end of the year because guys are
want playing for contracts and um and try and play spoiler i guess it's cliche but um those games are sometimes
harder than the the teams that are already in it are you guys still doing the storm surges after
the game and like fuck can you guys even like like can you think of new ideas for all that
shit it seems like it's like you guys have done a zillion of them now well it's it's now it's kind
of just the that school clap.
We do that out.
Everybody goes around like the center ice dot,
and we do the school clap, and everybody in the crowd still claps.
And it's still cool to see them engaged that way.
But honestly, you'd go nuts trying to think of new ones.
And we were on a pretty big heater here at home.
I think we won like 12 of 13.
And you just  even the year we start, we were doing all the different ones.
We were killing ourselves for like hours at pregame meal trying to come up with ideas.
And it just took a toll on you.
So I'm happy it kind of went to where it is.
And I think every now and again we'll whip something out,
but it's been good, the clap.
Jordan Stahl, he's been the captain there for a long time.
Is he more of a leader by what he does, or is he pretty vocal in the room?
What's his leadership like?
He can snap sometimes, too, and when he does, everybody pays attention.
Your assholes pucker up a
little bit and you're like okay here we go but uh for the most part it's just exactly it's how he
plays and he goes out and does it the exact same way every night and he's a beast and um call him
i call him a clydesdale horse because he is a clydesdale yeah and uh so yeah, he kind of leads by example.
And that's probably the best way to put it.
Well, Marty, we we appreciate you hopping on.
Hopefully you get healthy soon. Get ready for the playoffs.
And it's an exciting team you guys have to watch.
So hopefully it's a long run and we appreciate you joining the show again.
Yeah. Thanks, guys. Hopefully I'm not dealt after this.
Yeah, it's just got a lot of breaking this. Biz just got you traded, man.
Not breaking news.
We can have you on next week to talk about your new team, so it's good news.
Get me rewrite.
See you, buddy.
Thanks, boys.
Big thanks to Marty for jumping on with us. I want to let you know that his interview was also brought to you by Roman.
Newsflash, you suck in bed.
Yikes.
That's why you want to use Roman, the secret to longer-lasting sex.
Roman swipes are a clinically proven way to last longer in bed.
They're effective, easy to use, and fast-acting.
And the best part, they do not require a prescription.
Roman can ship swipes to you in discreet, unmarked packaging,
and each swipes packet is small enough to hide in your wallet for whenever you need it.
They're super easy to use.
You just take the Swipes out of the packet,
you swipe it on, you let it dry,
and you're good to, good to, good to go.
That's it.
So go to GetRoman.com slash Chicklets
to get your first month of Swipes for just 5
when you choose a monthly plan.
That's GetRoman.com slash chicklets.
Well, boys, I feel like we talked about 9,000 controversial things already,
and we still haven't even gotten to the Taylor Hall Maple Leafs stuff last week.
The second coming of Bertuzzi?
You would think so in this town, but all right, let's rewind.
The Leafs jumped out to a 6-1 lead versus Boston last week.
Hung on for a 6-4 win, but all everybody wanted to talk about was Taylor Hall
reacting to the Labushkin hit from behind by punching him in the head.
Leafs fans and media thought there was a suspension coming,
which I thought was pretty laughable.
He ends up getting a 5,000 fine.
Labushkin did not play Thursday.
But, all right, we'll go to you first, Leafs superfan.
Did you think Hall was a fine suspension?
What should have happened there?
Well, if the league's not going to suspend him i will one year suspension from the podcast
i'm no longer doing the lip gloss with him um when i see him i'll probably have a conversation
with him off to the side i thought it was ridiculous um and ultimately they got outskilled
and we already had this conversation about getting outskilled and and and the barbaricness of of the melee of afterward and in one situation the Leafs didn't even provoke them
to do this they simply made a play up the wall and Taylor Hall's wires crossed and I think he
much like McKinnon should be locked up and uh and put in solitary confinement so I've said my piece
he has an open fist when he hits him.
It looks like only his thumb hits him.
I'm not saying at all Labushkin's faking anything,
but it was so weird to me that he got hurt on that.
I mean, I did not see, like, it wasn't that hard.
It wasn't a fist.
It was just kind of like a little bump to his chin maybe he's got
kind of a glass jaw leaf style i don't know what happened no i don't know i don't know if you've
ever watched a steven seagal movie but he got him right here in the pressure point in the back and
sometimes that can happen maybe he's a black belt so he knew what he was doing too but i mean fine
okay i didn't see a suspension there i'm not a bruins fan people think i'm a bruins fan fuck
the bruins typical i just didn't see a suspension there merles you're the you're the independent guy
here you know i can't would you admit would you admit when the game got out of hand the bruins
started gooning it up that's what's supposed to happen when the game gets out of hand you're
supposed to not when it's not when it's the toronto maple leaves and not when they weren't
they were barely even celebrating their goals they weren't even putting their arms in the air.
They weren't poking at goalies.
I know that.
They might see them in the Eastern Conference Finals
or in the playoffs at some point.
You want to send a little message for the playoffs.
That's what we were always taught to do.
Hey, we might see this team again.
Go out there and do something.
Okay.
That's a soft team in Toronto.
That is the team, Biz, you want to play in the first round.
I think they'd dust the Bruins. No way. No way. I would not want to play in the first round i think they'd dust the bruins no way no way i would not
want to play the bruins i mentioned that behind this i uh dude they they are that is their best
matchup i like the canes i like the canes for them how do you like the cane for the mental aspect of
freddie anderson's got to come back to toronto too I just think that that's going to sway a lot. Merle, do you agree with that?
I'd like to see it, but...
But Leafs are too hot right now.
They're not going to end up in that wild card,
so there's no chance that they end up playing Carolina.
I would love to get retribution on the Boston Bruins
after that 3-1 meltdown.
And then what was it?
Was it 4-1 in that Game 7?
Or was it 3-1?
It was 4-1.
It was 4-1 when they had 4-1. 2013, yeah.
When they had that full-on meltdown.
But this is a different team, and they're built differently.
And I know that people were criticizing me for saying Dubas was the second-best GM at the deadline,
other than Bill Guerin.
But those moves are proven to be
No goalie.
Chef's kiss.
Don't have a goalie.
Leafs will just
They don't need a fucking goalie.
I could
They could put
What's his name in net?
McKenna?
No, not McKenna.
They cannot have McKenna.
Who is the e-book?
They can get David Ayers.
Tell him to fucking come play for the Leafs.
He can be in net.
That's how many goals they're going to be scoring.
I forgot their e-book beat them.
Oh, that was so good. What else do we got?
Peter Mrazik, he's likely
going to miss six weeks with a groin injury.
He's not going to be available for the start of the playoffs.
Jack Campbell was medically cleared.
It's going to be interesting to see what goes on
considering the way things went last year, but
I don't know. This team isn't built for a
playoff run, Biz. They don't
have goalies. They don't have great defense.
Oh, speaking of that, Gruden, they're getting bullied by the Bruins when they're down six to two
when they're up six.
Oh, yeah.
That's because Simmons Simmons didn't answer the bell.
But he did the other night.
Yeah.
Philadelphia.
Wow.
He killed somebody there.
Grinnell me to somebody there.
I got a good chuckle.
You landed in Toronto yesterday on Twitter, put out a video of the skyline and Rogers
Center and said,
Toronto smells like another first round
exit and you deleted it.
I did because people
thought I was saying that the Rogers Center
was Scotiabank and I was getting
so many tweets that were like, you're an
idiot. You think the Rogers Center is Scotiabank.
I was just taking a video
of the Space Needle. I got the Rogers Center
and it did.
It smelled like a first round exit I was just taking a video of the Space Needle. I got the Rogers scent, and it did. And it actually did.
Space Needle.
It smelled like a first-round exit all over Toronto right now,
and it still does.
They're not built for a playoff run, Biz.
Space Needle.
Let's get some of that Pacific Northwest good good in here.
We will see.
A couple of the Bruins notes as well.
Thursday versus the Devils.
They honored Tuukka Rask.
Had him drop the ceremonial puck before the game.
He's going to be a brand ambassador for the team going forward.
Also, pretty cool moment, G, the local lad, undrafted free agent from B.C.,
Mark McLaughlin, very first NHL game.
I think he had all of his family and friends there.
They looked like hundreds of people.
He scores an absolute snipe goal on a two-on-one.
Fantastic goal.
Just a cool moment.
We saw it earlier with Matt Boldy on Minnesota as a visitor at the home team.
And one other note, too.
We want to send our best wishes to John Grislyk,
the father of Boston defenseman Matty Grislyk.
He had his final radiation treatment the other day at MGH.
No one even knew he had cancer.
He went to work every day.
And Matty's brother, Andrew, said that he actually slept at the garden.
There was a blizzard.
He slept at the garden the night before his first radiation treatment so he could walk to MGH Hospital because there was. There was a blizzard. He slept at the garden the night before his first radiation treatment
so he could walk to MGH Hospital because there was going to be a blizzard.
And this guy didn't miss a day of work.
His coworkers didn't even know that he was getting his treatment.
He's just the salt of the earth guy.
Tremendous guy.
Everybody in the town knows him.
He's been a hard worker forever.
And Grizzly, you're a great guy.
We're glad to hear you're doing well, and I can't wait to see you around the barn again.
So good job, brother.
That's great news. That's great news.
That's great news.
Yeah, absolutely.
And obviously I was really happy for the McLaughlin kid.
Came out of BC, had a big senior year offensively, chose to go to the Bruins.
And, I mean, from Bill Rico, was undrafted, kind of used that as motivation.
And I think he could have a long pro career.
I really do.
It seems like he's one of those guys smart at both ends,
Bruin-style player.
But to see a local kid score his first goal at home,
signing with the hometown team, that was a really cool story.
They've had a lot of that this year.
And then when Boldy came back to town with Minnesota,
it's just something about that United Center.
Is it called United?
Yeah, Chicago.
Oh, no, no.
We're having some geographical issues this episode.
I had a little bit of a brain fart.
Also, the Rangers signed UMass product Bobby Trevino to a two-year interview. They get all the fucking good college guys, New York.
How does that happen?
All the teams are sleeping, man.
I mean, undrafted free agents from college have been.
Well, they're not sleeping.
They had the choice.
They're from Long Island in New York.
I think Fox is from Long Island.
And the UMass kids from Long Island.
What's that rubbing tug
in NYC? The Garden?
What is it called?
I don't know.
It was next to the, it was where we had the
photo shoot. It was right next to the photo shoot.
They're bringing them there. That's how they're getting them to sign
these contracts.
Hey, there's a guy just outside the window here peeking in on us.
That scared the hell out of me.
It's crazy that they put the signs in the windows.
Dude, you couldn't pay me 10 million a year to do that job.
No way.
Yeah, you could.
Yeah, you could.
Oh, wow.
10 million, bro?
Dude, I mean, I would just be shitting my pants the whole time out there.
Dude, I don't know, man.
10 million, like talking money.
10 million, they're going to train you.
You got a rope on.
I'm pretty sure you would do it for 10 sheets.
I wish I had a rope on me.
Anyways, I was saying the Rangers signed Bobby Trevino
to a two-year entry-level contract.
That doesn't start until next season.
He's on an ATO at Hartford this season, amateur tryout.
So I just want to add that as well.
I think that went over your heads a little bit.
Oh, you're the best, all right.
Yeah, you're the best fucking bellows.
You think you're the only one who can say jokes that nobody gets around here?
Yeah, I think I'm the Stanley Cup champ of that.
Jonathan Taves, just the latest NHL guy to play 1,000 games.
He played his 1,000th Wednesday in Sunrise, Florida.
He's the eighth Hawk to do so, the 336th NHL to do so.
This is a guy who's got three cups, two Olympic golds, a consummate, the Selkie.
There was a couple articles I sent you guys, too.
I guess he's a very demanding teammate, very hands-on guy.
His teammates love him, but did you ever have a teammate
that you would get frustrated because he would just be in your face so much?
Apparently, Tabes is like that.
He's taken a page out of Jordan's book.
He used to grill guys at practice every day.
Now, I don't want to take away from Tabes here,
but I feel like I've done 1,000, 1,000 game talks on this podcast.
I feel like everybody this season has played 1,000 games.
Whit, do you have anything left in the tank to deliver something
on Jonathan Tabes playing 1,000 games?
Because I'm just worn out by these 1,000 games.
No, just a great accomplishment.
It was cool.
I think it was Seabrook, Hossa, Shaw.
I think I'm forgetting one or two guys.
Grinnell's teammate, Patrick Sharp.
Did I see him out there?
Sharp.
Sharpie.
Sharpie.
The guy Grinnell looked off on a two-on-one.
It's true.
It's true.
We're champions for life.
But they were there, and they were kind of there.
He was getting his stick.
You could see his parents there.
It's been a little tumultuous the last few years.
He missed the season.
Now he's still coming back from this long COVID boat he's had.
I don't know how it's going to end for him as a Blackhawk,
but he'll forever be a great there.
So to see him get 1,000 games is pretty sick.
But you're right, Biz.
We've had so many guys around that age who've had such good careers
get 1,000 this year that I'm a little worn out.
Do you think he gets a statue?
No.
No statue?
Three Stanley Cups? Because it's like him or Kane.
Unless
they give him both one, I don't know.
Fair.
Do you guys think there is all these
1,000th games?
One, because the way they're training
and taking care of themselves or two the lack of like
physicality that we were talking about earlier or maybe just a combination of both because i feel
like this has never happened in the history of the game i think more so the way guys are taking
care of themselves the opposite around and i think those guys that age is just there were so many
ridiculous players like the 85 to 87 birth years it's just been stud after stud that you
didn't see that many guys get a thousand born from like 80 to 84 and let's go go look it up i'd love
to see 80 birthdates to 84 birthdates thousand games in the nhl opposed to 85 to 89 birthdates
yeah you're getting thrown in too right away from the draft i guess it like every 18 year old now so so starting earlier well some someone made the point that
the lockout had a lot to do with it because that draft was able to go play in the american league
that year and then when when they came back a lot of those like veteran guys had really lost the
step and then with the no clutching and grabbing,
not only were those 85s primed and ready to go,
but there was more that were able to take those jobs.
So, yes, that has a lot to do with it as well.
So we can move on from the 1,000 games.
Yeah, in that same game, actually, Jumbo Jothon became just the sixth player in NHL history to play in 1,000 wins between regular season and playoffs combined.
That's a lot of fun locker rooms after the game.
Oh, my jumbo.
Lidstrom, Chelios, Malo.
A lot of cock helicopters.
Malo, Messier, Stevens, the only other guys to do so.
Let's see.
Undrafted forward, Tyler Johnson,
who scored some of the biggest playoff goals in the history of the Tampa Bay Lightning.
Won two Cups there.
He made his return to Tampa Friday night.
Got an awesome video tribute. Nice stand to know from the crowd.
Good read about him too. I sent over to you
guys. Cooper called him, quote,
one of the game changes, end quote, for
Tampa Bay franchise history. And
Whit, let's go to you for a little Tyjo
take. Well, Whit, before you go,
he was one of those guys I believe
was open to the expansion draft as
well and never got selected by Vegas.
And just kind of a guy who got pigeon-tossed a little bit,
kind of like the Dadunov special, but still came back and played hard
and was a pivotal piece in the Stanley Cups
in the back-to-back for the Lightning.
Yeah, and a lot of people have mentioned how they lost their third line
of Coleman, Gordon, Goudreau.
And it's like not many people are talking about that they lost Johnson.
And he was playing up and down the lineup, certainly at the end of his Lightning career, lower.
But the fact that they had him playing on the fourth line kind of showed how good that team was.
They're really going to miss him.
I think they're probably still missing him.
What happened is he signed that deal and then some players came in.
And so it was almost like a money thing where they couldn't afford him.
I'm sure the Lightning would still love to have him if he was making less money.
But he came on the scene, and I remember that run they had.
They beat the Bruins.
Was it the second round, R.A.?
And he was unstoppable.
I think Teddy Purcell was on that team.
He's just like this water bug who was so hard to play against, an American kid,
but he played in the WHL, if I have that correct so i didn't know much about him and then he came to tampa and
kind of one of those guys that was there for the switch and the turnaround and that run that they
made to the cup finals when they lost the blackhawks he was one of their best players i mean
he was their guy and so he was injured see the cup but he ended up getting injured and that was a big reason
as to why they the chicago probably went on to win and and i just remember like seeing right away
like holy fuck this guy he's kind of got a non-stop motor and not many people knew that much about him
but after being one of the players who had all the success in the ahl with coop winning a calder cup
he came up with that entire crew.
They learned how to win young.
And that kid was an enormous player because once they got Kucherov and, and Stamkos,
like Stamkos was there granted,
but like they had some real game breakers that,
that started coming in and making differences.
His,
his lineup,
his lineup spot kind of lowered down a little bit,
but only to have him play on a third,
fourth line role and to have that much skill. We'll also have in like the motor of four checking and kind of being in your little bit, but only to have him play on a third, fourth line role and to have that much skill while also having the motor of forechecking
and kind of being in your face all the time,
it's what made the Lightning Cup champs two years in a row,
is guys like that.
So you've seen all these return visits,
and guys get their rings and get to see their teammates,
but Johnson made an enormous impact even before the two Cups
in the years prior.
And if they did win that Cup in 15,
he was probably the likely Conn Smythe winner.
He led the league in scoring and goals that year.
Did he break his leg in that, or was it his arm?
I can't remember.
Yesterday, let alone 2015, Paul.
Another pretty cool highlight out of Tampa Bay,
Zach Bogosian and his son Hunter had a nice little scrap on the ice.
Did you see that, Witt?
His three-year-old son, Hunter, he brought him out.
No, I didn't.
Oh, you didn't?
I included it in the feed. Did you see that with his three-year-old son, Hunter? He brought him out. No, I didn't. Oh, you didn't? I included it in the feed.
He's probably pound my son.
Get him against Hezbollah.
Hezbollah, what a video.
Check that out if you haven't.
Caleb and Hezbollah in Dubai.
Oh, yeah.
Unreal interview.
So, yeah, just a cute little video that people threw out.
I'm sorry, that Zach threw out there.
Nice little clip. The same people going at Tyson Nash are now going at Bogosian.
He's going to teach his kid violence.
Shut up.
We had a real fluky thing happen.
I was talking to Biz last night.
I wonder what the odds are of this.
Both Sebastian Ajo scored within 34 seconds of each other the other night.
Like, it has to be, what, a million-to-one odds that this happens?
No, I read something that the Ajo only has three goals on the Islanders,
and the same night the other one scored two out of the three nights
or something crazy like that.
Whatever you just said made no sense.
So this Ajo on the Islanders has three goals,
and on two of the days the real good Ajo scored the same day.
So the odds aren't that crazy.
They both weren't from Finland.
I thought Sebastian Ajo's a name.
You got a Sweden, you got a Finn.
I was surprised to hear different nations there.
But it was still wild to see that happen.
What did you say, 30 seconds?
Within 34 seconds, like real time.
And it was just a third goal for the defensive Ajo
and the 176 for the forward Ajo and Carolina.
So, yeah, that's just a crazy fluke thing.
Radko Gudis with perhaps the check of the year.
One of the best hires of the year.
Absolutely sends Kirby Doc ass over Tika
with a Casperitis-like hip check.
I think if you zoom in on the audio,
you can hear Kirby Doc going,
Fuck!
Good one, R.A.
I actually got your joke for once.
As he hits the ice.
But we don't see too many hits like that anymore.
Old school.
Ratko is old school.
He is old school.
He's a great number five or six down there in Florida.
The shot blocker.
The physical presence.
It looks like he's out of a Lord of the Rings or something with that beard, too with that beard too yeah he does big old bushy beard he just played in the 600th game
the other night as well so congrats to uh radko gudas on the accomplishment evander caney set a
record since we last met paul racked up four penalties in just 741 of game time to set a new
expansion error record he got a roughing and interference in twoppings. You ever see a guy get rung up this
many times in one night? Obviously
not in that short period of time. I don't think he gives
a shit. It's a little different when you know
you're not going to get sat more than likely
unless he did get sat after it, but he
probably doesn't give a fuck.
No worse feeling than when you take a
penalty. I think it happened with
Duhame the other night in Minnesota.
Then he got out of the box, next shift took another another penalty they ended up scoring on it and when you're a
depth guy i mean when you take two minors and four four and seven and change in game time i wouldn't
i wouldn't see the lineup for 15 games guys like us were done after the first penalty we weren't
allowed even out there to take a second penalty that's all i can't believe after the third though he was back out there again it's like at some point you
gotta be like all right you're gonna at least sit the rest of the period you cannot not go into the
penalty box but the fourth at seven minutes i mean there had to be something going on with him and
the ref yeah i've never heard of anything like that four in a game's ridiculous though in one
period i was killing half of a period i was killing penalties when I was in Cardiff.
And I obviously didn't give that much of a shit
because I didn't have to block shots or do anything when I was in Arizona.
I more had sympathy.
But we had that Luke Piggott, the guy I said that was becoming a doctor,
and he ended up finding a cure for breast cancer
while I was playing with him in Cardiff.
One game, he was like the 10th forward because they only do three lines
and change there.
And he took three minors in like a period, and I came in the locker room.
I felt bad.
I fucking lost my mind on this guy because we had to kill all these
fucking guys' penalties off.
He had three and three shifts for fuck's sakes.
Because you were the Jonathan Taves of that.
I was in his kitchen.
Like he was to us on the Big Deal Selects. was losing oh yeah you guys gave the clip to TNT there that's right chewing
us out that was fun to see you know uh Blake Will I think he might have taken a Roman swipes for his
penalty shot versus Craig Anderson last week because he went in really slow uh we've seen
guys coming in all different angles coming in slow But did you think his goal should have been allowed?
Did you think he
100.
Buffalo Sabres fans, shut the fuck up.
Even the goalie was complaining.
Try using a poke check.
Right, Whit?
I mean, he's coming down.
I know he ends up pulling it back, but he didn't stop his momentum.
All he did was choke up on a stick where the puck ended up coming from.
The puck did move backwards but if you don't stop your forward momentum as like as from a body position
standpoint absolutely ridiculous there's a reason why it was a goal nobody said boohoo afterward
from the league right no no that was no it was just sabers and the goalie did seem so disgusted
in himself at the end like almost why didn't I flurry poke check him?
Like, he was three inches in front of me.
I don't know what the complaint was from Buffalo there.
That was just he waited him out so bad that it just almost looked worse
for the goalie than it actually was.
Yeah, all right.
Patrick Laine, he doesn't shoot for rebounds.
Gee, why don't you play that clip?
Did you see Gavrikov coming back door on the goal that he scored off of your shot?
Were you looking for a rebound there, or were you trying to score with your shot?
No, I don't shoot for rebounds.
I shoot the score.
So, no.
I mean, this guy's just all-time reply.
He's a quote machine.
He has to report asking, did you shoot for rebounds?
I don't see it.
I know, we just heard the clip.
I didn't.
Fuck you, Biz.
Hey, play the clip, and then let me tell you the clip after.
That's usually my line.
You took galvanized from me, and now you took me saying,
hey, roll the clip, Grinelli.
That's my pie.
All right, either way, he's absolute character.
Kirill Kaprizov set a new team record for points in a season Saturday
in Carolina with his 84th point with an assist on a Zuccarello goal.
He broke Marion Gabrick's team record and added his 85th point with a goal.
Still has 15 games to shatter this record, Biz.
Minnesota also extended your former teammate, defenseman Alex Goligosky.
Still going, Goose.
Two-year, 4 million deal.
God bless him.
Took which job?
One of the guys.
Still getting paid.
One of the many to take my job over the course of four different teams.
Yeah.
But I love Goose.
And Noah.
I'm glad that he's there.
What?
Oh, I was just going to say, and no sophomore slump for Kaprizov.
Like, he looks even better than last year.
Incredible chemistry with Zuccarello.
What were you laughing at?
No, I'm not.
Oh, you're just shaking.
Yeah.
Oh, and the Wilds have never had a player like this.
And I know that Gabarek had some big-time seasons there,
but he was a goal scorer.
He didn't need a setup, man, but he was strictly a goal scorer.
This guy can do it all.
He's probably going to break, like, the goal record is right there for a season.
The point record he already has,
and he creates so much more offensively for guys around him
than Gabarek did or Gaboruk.
I always say that incorrect, like every other name.
I apologize.
But he's the best player of the wild I've ever had,
and he's so fun to watch too because if it's a goal one thing
or it's a sick pass the other thing, and him and Zuccarello,
I think Zuccarello had a quote.
He goes, we're the same exact person.
Like we get along so well, I'm just older than him.
So the connection that they have on the ice makes sense
considering how close they are off the ice, it sounds like.
We want to send congrats to the former Oiler and Flame defenseman
Ladislav Smeed.
He officially retired from the game.
He last played the NHL back in 2015-16.
This guy was a caveman, eh, Whit?
Character.
One of the best guys ever.
He'd be screaming at people in intermission.
If you didn't do your
job offensively and for four was like laddy get the puck ugly fuck you and he'd be always screaming
how his body was a temple he was so classic he said he'd come on the podcast too so we're gonna
get him dialed in here and uh he's he's a an electric person so i i loved playing with him
he was tough to play against too he was part of that Pronger trade.
When Pronger went to the Ducks, he went over from the Ducks to Edmonton,
played a while there, played for Calgary, was a real prick to play against,
had some really good seasons, too.
And then injuries messed him up.
He had some big-time neck issues where I wonder now,
I'd like to talk to him about it, if the disc replacement surgery
would have helped him because he had to get fusions,
and it was really a struggle for him.
So I felt bad watching him go through that.
But he was a hard-nosed player that all the team loved having him around because he was a loud check, would love his beers, and then be chirping guys nonstop.
Fuck, if you thought Beagle was bad, you should have seen what he would have done if you would have poked his goalie.
He was a monster.
He would have took his whole eye out.
Was he like 6'6",
6'7"? No, no, he was like 6'2",
6'3", but
jack, big kid, tough.
He could crush a few pops, too.
He hammered beers.
Last five years, he played in the Czech Republic,
so he was still getting it done, so congrats
Ladislav on the retirement.
We got a few injuries to get to before we get to our buddy
JR.
Biz, it sounded like the Nate dog was going to be out with a suspected hand injury after his fight with Matt Dumba.
Jared Bednar said the concern level was high.
We saw that clip.
One of our listeners sent it over, and his hand did bend back
when he punched Dumba in the head there.
But Bednar knows what he's doing.
He's selling the game.
He's getting all the media popping off on a boring week
with nothing to talk about.
Everybody's concerned.
You talk about the stars fighting and that whole debate,
which we kind of went into last podcast, correct?
Yeah, we talked about it.
So let me ask you this.
Obviously, it's not as serious as we thought,
despite him flicking off Aunt Marsha
and maybe the karma that ensued because of it.
I am so happy that it's not that serious
and he's going to be around for the end of the season and playoffs we need the league stars
playing do you think that this changes his attitude moving forward if in fact he was injured
on that punch and you think or would you as a coach wit sit him down and say, listen, I love your fieriness.
I love the edge that you bring.
But we got other guys that can handle those situations in our lineup. Or do you not say bullshit?
I don't think it hurts to say, like, dude, we really need you in the playoffs.
Just really be careful.
But it's just so hard to get into the mind of somebody who, you know, he snapped.
He saw Rantanen get run over and he kind of just snapped.
He wanted to fight Dumba.
And I think in other instances, you've seen him lose his mind a little bit.
It's who he is.
So if you could think about moving forward and had he broken his hand and he was out,
I mean, he would have been so gutted.
I would have felt so bad for him.
Maybe that would have changed things.
But it's hard to really reel that in i mean like when you're that angry you're not even thinking
like oh my god well if i fight this guy and get hurt like that doesn't even go through your head
in the heat of the moment but no matter what bednar says he's not going to talk to him that
that is who he is he's like praying praying that if he does see him get into a fight that nothing
happens so if you could ask
me could be honest i think he'd say please don't ever do it again but it's really hard to tell a
player to take an aspect out of their game that's what we said before yeah no and and i i was
comparing mckinnon mcdavid on the the tnt broadcast because when mcdavid was in junior he had this kid
i forget what what team the kid was playing for but every time they would play against each other he would fall him around the ice and and he was basically his shadow for every
game so finally mcdavid had gotten so fed up and i know a different situation from sticking up from
a teammate and then really sticking up for yourself but he ended up dropping the gloves
and in the midst of the fight he ended up missing the guy and punching the glass and he broke his
hand so it became national news in a bit of one of these debates where it's like is it is it worth it so this was a scare so i
would just i was just curious like i think that if i was a head coach if i think if i was bednar
i would say buddy i love that aspect but moving forward you can't be the guy even if you're on
the ice to answer the bell we have mcdermott here we have other guys who can
handle those situations because especially late in the season man you can't afford to lose your
best player or second best player maybe to macar at this point going into playoffs because you're
trying to prove a point and sticking up for a teammate everybody's well aware that he wants to
do it because he's proven that so that's kind of where i'm going
where moving forward just like i'm sure mcdavid although different personalities
learn seem to have learned from that lesson i believe that's the last time he ended up dropping
the gloves i don't think mcdavid's ever gotten in an nhl fight correct so i'm just saying is like
maybe this is mckinnon's learning moment where it's like, fuck, you dodged a bullet in the biggest year
because we all know that I think that they're going to have to re-sign
a couple guys and the cap's going to have to work out next year moving forward.
Their window is now.
This year it's win or bust.
I think he's smart enough to realize like that's a scare.
What'd they do, fly him home by himself?
I'm sure on that flight home he was like, oh i almost i almost costed us this whole thing yeah he'll think twice next time
like you said at the end of the season like this but like you said again in in the heat of the
battle something happens it's hard to turn it off and i and i respect the shit out of him for it and
i love that team and how that's their mentality we talk talk about how it goes from the top. Landeskog,
he was scrapping in preseason for crying
out loud. You mentioned Caudry the week
before. Now McKinnon. You got
McDermott. I love the boys' cub mentality.
I'll always back that up
but I get a little bit weary when
your stars are chucking nooks a couple
weeks before the biggest playoff run
of your life. And Bednar said he won't
tell Nate not to fight,
even though he wishes he wouldn't.
Oh, shit, we could have just saved ourselves 10 minutes.
It's right there in your lap.
I know.
I'm just fucking around.
I know, I'm fucking around, too.
He said the game needs to be played with passion.
So either way, moving right along,
we had a real tough scene Wednesday in Arizona.
Clayton Keller, just an awful video,
crashed in the end boards, suffered a broken leg. He got surgery got surgery for it he's going to be out four to six months
and we gave the old you know ben f ben still a thumbs up coming off the ice show he's like to
see that but the video is awful man just a just a tough scene you hate to see any guy get hurt but
especially in that manner yeah when we watched it i first thing i said is like oh my god i think he
broke his femur and that's what ended up happening.
Same type of break that actually Austin Matthews went through when he was 16 years old.
So I believe Austin reached out, you know.
And he lives at Matthews' house in Scottsdale.
Yeah.
So, you know, he obviously, you know, sent some positive vibes his way.
And, you know, you always get a little bit concerned when it's something this serious,
especially, you know, this young and a guy's career.
But I know the dedication that Clayton Keller has to the game.
And I have no qualms that he's going to make 100 full recovery.
And for the Coyotes organization, I pray that he's able to get to where he was at playing-wise this year, if not surpasses that.
Because he was on pace for a career year.
I believe he hit it in goals
um he had more points in his rookie year but as i said points per game he was gonna he was gonna
crush that number and and a guy who really sets the tone in that locker room as far as work ethic
what he brings to the rink and just a very very likable guy who uh who you know wants to get
better every day so that's scary, so I was happy to see him
give the thumbs up, but that's
going to be a tough rehab, but let's hope he's able
to come back and be the same player. He was lighting
it up this year. Yeah, 63 points
in 66 games. A couple more
notes before we go to the J. Calgary lost forward
Sean Monaghan for the rest of the
year. He's getting hip surgery. He's going to miss the rest of the season.
23 points in 65 games
played. I'm guessing if he gets hip surgery, that's probably a reason why he's been off.
He recently was healthy scratch for the first time in his career.
And Tree Living had some pretty interesting quotes.
He said there's a lot of bullshit out there, and he's taking a look at this guy.
Now he's got a flame shirt on.
This is his, guys.
He just changed.
He's got a sleeveless flame shirt on.
The biggest phony fan out there.
But Tree Living said all the bullshit that's discussed about this guy,
nobody has a clue what he's played through in the past few years,
and specifically this season, to be this injured.
And I think it was just something where I just want to be out there,
I want to play.
And at some point he couldn't do it anymore.
But it's kind of a reminder that when somebody's really struggling,
and now granted it's been a little while here since he was the same player
as that 30-goal guy we saw for a little bit,
but he was going through a lot of stuff that nobody had a clue what was happening.
And health-wise, he's not the same person.
Let's hope he can kind of bounce back after this.
Yeah, I actually feel terrible because I know that he got surgery in the offseason,
and I was like, oh, man, it's not the same old Monty.
And I made a comment at the the trade deadline on sports net being like you know I hope they can light a fire underneath
his ass in order to get going here because if they can that's just an added you know extra guy
pulling the chain offensively but finding out that you know he never I know it's the other hip but he
was not only paying playing through all the pain that all the surgery in the last offseason, but was also dealing now with the other hip,
which usually happens with the overcompensation, right?
The whole chain of events starts getting even more fucked up.
So it was nice for Tree Living to kind of come out
and give praise to Monaghan about what he's battled through.
And I feel bad that the guy was not only playing through pain,
but also maybe dealing with some criticism on why his game wasn't where it had been in the past. So I hope he makes a full recovery as well, man. And, you know, that's a very light guy in the locker room and a well respected individual in the Calgary Flames organization.
that. One other injury, Pittsburgh forward Jason Zucker was injured while playing his
first game back from sports hernia surgery.
I mean, just brutal set of
circumstances for the guy. That sucks.
In Minnesota, too, where he played a lot
of his career. Yeah, that was the one when Fiala
kind of gave him a little shove close to the boards
and he ended up getting hurt. Kind of a
tough situation. I don't know if it was too
hard of a hit, but it was enough to send him flying
and we wish him well.
Obviously, like we said, we hate to see any guys get hurt, but it's enough to send him flying and i don't we wish him well obviously like we said we hate to see any guys get hurt but it's time to send it over to our pal jeremy ronick
it's been a few years since we had him on but first we want to let you know that this interview
was brought to you by earnest if you want to pay off your student loans faster listen up with
earnest you could change your interest rate get a lower monthly payment and you never pay fees
not even late fees. By
refinancing, you can reduce your loan term, save money, or combine multiple loans into a simple
monthly payment. And if you have questions, you can even talk to a real-life human at Earnest.
When you pay less interest, you can put that money towards your goals. With Earnest, it takes two
minutes to see what your new rate could be, and there's no credit impact. And right now, Earnest is offering our listeners a 100 cash bonus.
Visit Earnest.com slash Chicklets for more details.
Not available in all states.
Terms and conditions apply.
Earnest Student Loan Refinancing made by Earnest Operations, LLC, NMLS number 1204917,
and MLS number 1204917.
California Finance and Law License number 6054788.
535 Mission Street, San Francisco, California 94105.
Visit earnest.com slash licenses for a full list of licenses.
And now enjoy the return of Jeremy Roenick.
All right, well, it's been a minute since we've had our next guest on.
He was the eighth overall pick at the 1988 draft and played for five clubs over 20 NHL seasons,
scoring over 500 goals and tallying over 1,200 points.
And he's making his third appearance with us today.
It's the man, the myth, the legend.
Welcome back to the Spittin' Chicklets podcast,
Mr. Stiles, J.I., Jeremy Roenick.
How are you doing, my man?
Hey, let's try this again, guys.
Has anything happened since we last spoke?
Yeah, I know.
What's happened since we last had a great chat?
I don't know about you guys, but I've had a phenomenal last two years,
even through COVID.
It's been kind of crazy, huh?
What a ride the last two years have been. Is it because nobody's been kind of crazy, huh? What a, what a, what a ride the last
two years. Is it because nobody's controlling what you're saying anymore? Well, that actually,
the only one that controls what I say now is my wife. And you know, that's, that's, that's bad
enough as it is. But you know, it's, it's life has been really interesting and really good. I've,
I've come across a lot of great people over the last couple of years that have been really, really supportive of me.
And by the way, you guys have always been supportive of me.
And I really appreciate that, especially you with the, you know, with the communication that we've had.
It's been awesome.
You know, I think I think when stuff happens to you, you really see who your friends really are and who your supporters really are
and where you kind of fit in the whole scheme of life and things. And, uh, I, I listen, I,
I'm in a great place right now. I'm loving life. I'm busy as ever. I actually have a real job now.
Like I'm actually in the, in the job market, which is phenomenal. I never thought I would have a
real job, but it's not like I have to go to an office or anything. Do you have a LinkedIn?
That's when we know you're legit, if you have a LinkedIn account.
I do have a LinkedIn. I get messages every day. These people have been looking at your LinkedIn,
and I still don't know how to use it, but I have one.
So what's the gig?
LinkedIn and I still don't know how to use it, but I have one.
So what's the gig? What's the gig?
So I work for a national construction company out of San Francisco and it's kind of funny how I got it. Um, so Doug Murray,
who used to be my teammate in San Jose, who is a brilliant,
smart guy in himself who, um,
who retired early, uh, for a lot of different reasons.
He started working for this company after he retired from San Jose,
got to be really good friends with the CEO,
and then Doug Murray had a family and wanted to move back to Sweden
to have his family grow up in Sweden and be raised in Sweden as kids.
So they said, hey, why don't you call JR?
He's got nothing to do now.
He's a perfect guy for this job. You know, he knows everybody. So really,
so this, this company called Skyline construction, uh,
called me up and came down to San Diego, brought all their,
their team down and, and wine and dine me,
play golf and asked me to be like the head of sales and business development
and kind of their entertainer for their company. So, you know,
and, and, and I took the job for one reason, because these guys, they were so great,
and they felt like I was in the locker room again.
We went through 18 bottles of Rombauer in like three hours,
18 bottles after we crushed a whole bunch of vodka sodas and tequila on the golf course.
And I swear to God, I felt like I was on it in the locker room again with these guys.
And I missed that, you know, that kind of locker room camaraderie.
And and it's been great ever since.
These guys have been great.
I'm finding deals all over the country.
I'm entertaining people.
I'm taking people on golf trips, taking them to hockey games, taking them out to dinners.
Staying moving.
What a perfect job for you.
I mean, that's actually like you can entertain anyone and you take clients, I'm guessing, out golfing.
And that's sick.
Yeah, my boss a couple weeks ago emailed me and said, your expense report is a little low this month.
What's going on?
You're not golfing enough.
You're not taking people to dinners enough.
I don't see enough lunches.
I don't see, you know, start spending some money on these clients.
I'm like, I love you.
They hire you?
Oh, yeah.
You're like, you're going to?
R.A., you can't write off party favors.
R.A., you have to be able to speak to him too.
Hey, listen, listen.
Hey, I haven't  listen, Skyline, my company might be able to write off party favors.
I haven't tried yet, but we'll see.
Hey, so JR, I got to ask you.
I just rented a place in Lauderdale-by-the-Sea for a few weeks, and a buddy of mine was down, and we drove by place cafe morteranos and he's like dude you got he goes i gotta so you gotta go there like what do
you mean he's like buddy it's it's like nothing you've ever seen they play old gangster movies
on tv music's pumping so i was like wow but i never get over there sure as shit about a week
ago jr's instagram you were in there like can you explain what that place is all about
the best restaurant on the planet it It's a party, though.
It's so about, and I will say when you do go, okay, Wits, when you do go, make sure you go about 8, 30, 9 o'clock.
Because right around 10 o'clock, the lights kind of come down.
The music really blares up.
They play the best music mix, and especially us from Boston. Okay.
Cause we love our music and it gets seventies to eighties.
Oh yeah.
And he blares it as loud as you can, as you can,
you can't even talk to the person next to you and the,
and the strobe lights are going and it's a, it's the best party then.
And you're right on the televisions,
they have all the mafia movies or the real iconic movies going.
And then all of a sudden, the music will stop.
And it'll turn up the volume on the televisions.
And it'll play that iconic movie.
Just the other day, they did Friday.
Oh, so it's not just mobster movies.
It's just anything great.
No, it's iconic movies, right?
So it's like, you want to get high?
We got nothing to do.
We got no job. We got nothing to do we got no job we got
nothing to do let's get high and it was like playing all over this all over the the uh all
over the the restaurant and people are going nuts and and the owner his name is steve martirano he's
a philly guy philly legend i heard philly legend and he's a he's a chef legend and he's been on all those cooking shows he's been
on he's been on morning shows all over the place he does not look like a chef let me just tell you
he sits he sits in the kitchen on his computer on and he's the dj and he cooks and does the dj
all at the same time and when i tell you it is the best time of all time, I'm not kidding.
So I'm going to tell you a quick story.
I know I talk a lot.
No, I love it.
This is great.
We wanted the night off.
So we went down there with Philly when I was playing for Philly.
And my whole shtick when I was playing is I loved to play disco music
in the locker rooms and dance before the games.
There was one song that I played all the time was Party Train, okay, by the Gap Band. And that was
like my get ready to go song. So when we're down there, Cafe Martirano, the whole team was there.
And we're all kind of meandering around the bar, hanging now the music is blaring people eating at the bar and
the trainer of my team goes to steve hey put on the party train gap band and watch jr go
so on comes the gap band and the place is packed and the gap band comes on and everybody looks at
me all of my teammates look at me and go there you go there's
the bar here we go jr bar yep so i jump up on the bar everybody takes their everybody takes their
plates and moves their plates off the bar and i start doing a dance down the bar and i'm swinging
it going around doing a dance and there's a fan right in the middle of the restaurant. And I did this little twirl.
I came up and the fan hit me straight in the forehead, cracked me, cut me actually.
And I was bleeding a little bit in the forehead.
Right.
But you know me, the show's got to go on.
And I finished my set.
Everybody claps.
It was great.
I get down.
I'm getting the blood off my head.
And I got this big, big welt in the middle of my head.
And I go to practice the next day.
And my coach goes, what the hell happened to you?
I said, I got hit by a fan.
He goes, did you get his name, his number?
I said, no.
A fan.
Not a rah-rah fan.
A fan.
Hit me in the head.
JR, were you always that guy right from birth?
Like, did your parents say, did you always like the floor even when you were a kid?
I always loved music.
I mean, I always danced.
I was always very musically inclined.
I can't sing worth a lick, but I think I can.
But I'm always musically inclined, so yeah.
JR, the first time I met you, I might've said this on one of your other appearances
with us on the show,
but it was my official visit to BU
and the Coyotes were in town
and you were at Daisy's and sure as shit,
you had some disco going
and you danced for two hours straight.
Like I shook your hand quick, I got to meet you.
But I was like, this guy hasn't stopped dancing
since midnight, it was three.
I love it.
I love it.
I do it more now because it's kind of my
my uh my cardio i you know i got to keep the pounds off so i that's i that's mostly what i
do to work out i didn't mean just the dancing i meant just like were you the class clown growing
up like were you always the guy to know i really wasn't i really wasn't i was actually kind of
kind of shy in um in high school and kind of one of the guys who kind of stood back.
It wasn't until I turned pro and started having some success and started really enjoying what I did
and really enjoyed being around the fans and kind of entertaining people and making people happy.
That really kind of got me out of my shell for sure.
So golf-wise, JR, you're all over the map.
You have a hell of a game and you've been playing
a ton and we were uh fortunate enough to hear the story on foreplay about you with president trump
and for a lot of our listeners that haven't heard you got to fill everyone in on that one
that was a great story by the way i love watching your guys matches when we're due
who are you gonna play with who are you gonna play with have you picked a partner
i got a couple i got a couple real good good partners that I have that are tagged up.
When we set the date, then I'll expose my partner because it's going to be a good one.
Where would you want to play if we're having it?
I'm thinking right now, I'm thinking Brett Hall.
That's who I think.
Oh, my goodness.
Oh, baby.
They're going to get two mouthpieces at once on the golf course.
We'll hire four extra cameramen and two extra sound guys.
Yeah.
So my Trump story is pretty cool.
We're playing at Bedminster, Trump Bedminster.
And so we're having a great time.
There's like 40 or 50 different carts behind us following us
and watching us and all that stuff.
And we get to the 12th hole.
And all of a sudden, the big truck, I don't know what they call it, the bully or whatever it's called,
it flies up to the side of the T and all the Secret Service run to the T box.
And, Mr. President, we have a breach.
We have a breach. We a breach we have to get
you out of here they surround the president meanwhile the other three of us they push us
off to the side you guys are target practice we're like holy fuck we picked the wrong day
to play the president like what's going on right we got an air breach right we're a fucking bomb
to come down in the middle of bedminster golf course. It's like scared shit.
And they're getting ready.
And president Trump is looking,
looking up like where,
and ready to move off them.
And this little Cessna comes over the hill and appears like kind of over us.
Obviously it's a,
it's a,
it's a beginner flyer.
Doesn't know what the hell he's doing.
And they're like,
it's right there.
There's the Cessna is right there.
It's pretty close within five or six seconds no word of a lie it was like
these two f-16s way surround this little plane wing the wing wing the wing and throw these red
air flares and kind of move the plane move the planeessna, off into the distance, right?
And everybody was like, you know, looking and watching.
It was kind of freaky.
I'll tell you the truth.
I almost shit myself, man.
I'm like, I know how much they don't like Donald Trump,
and the place you can take him out is on the golf course.
And I just picked the wrong day, right?
But I was really nervous.
Then they got him out. And then the head of the Secret Service goes, okay, Mr. President, out is on the golf course and i just picked the wrong day right but i was really nervous then they
got him up and then the the head of the secret service goes okay mr president um the threat is
has been taken care of enjoy your golf round and they all take off right so we come back up to
donald he goes and we're all kind of like that was that was crazy and and i said that was awesome
and he looks at me he looks at me and goes, Jeremy, now that's power.
And I went, yeah, I know shit.
I would tell you what I said afterwards,
but I'll keep what I said to him kind of to myself.
What's the connection with, I don't know if you know,
but he's become pretty friendly and plays a lot of golf with Teemu.
Teemu was there when he was talking to John Daly on the phone.
Oh, you set them up?
Yeah.
So I think it was last November.
Well, whenever Donald's birthday is, he um his golf guy call me and say we're going out to la
meet us meet us at trump trump national um and we'll play so get somebody so i got tamu so it's
me and tamu we're going to go play with uh with with mr trump with the president at trump la well
that was his birthday and they were throwing a surprise birthday for him that he
didn't know. So he couldn't come. So we, that one got squashed. So Donald was going back again,
a couple of weeks ago or a month, month and a half ago, two months ago. And so I said, I called
Tamu. I said, I can't play, but Tamu, you got to go play with the president because Tamu is a huge
fan of Donald Trump, huge fan. And so I set him up on the golf course.
And it was kind of crazy because he played, had the greatest time, loved it.
He thought it was one of the best rounds that he's ever played,
the most fun rounds.
And he's the one that took the video of Donald saying,
you know, on the tee box, the 45th president of the united states and donald turns
around and goes and the 47th right and and he sent it to one of his friends and one of his friends
tweeted it out oh fuck the donald couldn't have been happy yeah the rule with with uh with the
president is no social media.
What we do, you know, keep it to yourself, so on and so forth.
By the way, that's his handlers, I think, that say that.
Donald loves the attention and loves that stuff.
I'm shocked.
So I get a call.
I get a call.
And they're like, hey, your buddy Taimou is putting things all over the Internet.
I'm like, no, he wouldn't do that. So I called Taimou. I said, Taimou is putting things all over the internet.
I'm like, no, he wouldn't do that.
So I called Taimou.
I said, Taimou, what's going on?
Your video is out on social media.
And Taimou had heart failure.
He's like, I didn't do that.
I swear I didn't do that.
Who did that?
I'm going to find out who did that.
He's not mad at me, is he?
Oh, my God, I can't believe it.
The president of the United States is mad at me.
I can't believe it.
What's his phone number?
I got to call him.
He was freaking the fuck out.
But everything was fine.
Everything happened.
Everything was great.
They had a great time.
The president loves Taye Muslany.
Who doesn't? Taye Muslany loves the president.
Yeah, who doesn't like Taye Muslany?
That's for sure.
Speaking of golf, I think we have something in common I don't think
either of us are invited back to Whisper Rock
I went to golf with Ray Whitney and I think I shot
a 130 and he said
and after the round I said I saw a bra
in Phil Moccasin's stall
calling the bitch tits
and the next day at the
rink Wizards like biz
what are you doing, man?
You're getting me in trouble.
You're never invited back to Whisper Rock.
Now, did you get in a little bit of trouble there as well?
I did.
They asked me to take a six-month leave of absence just to sit and rest my brain a little bit
and think about some of the things I did.
But listen, it's a men's club, right?
And it's a men's club that you like to have fun.
You can go out and do a lot of things you could do, whatever. And I was,
I was a little liberal with that. There's no question.
I had an anger problem at one point, which I,
which probably stemmed over from my hockey days,
but they asked me to take a leave of absence for six months,
kind of take a little, little break. And I said, no, just write me a check.
I'm moving to San Diego anyway. And then the owner was like, no, we don't want you to leave jr you know we just we just we have to
suspend you for you know i broke a i think i broke a pane of glass on one of the carts and
had a little altercation with a caddy who didn't know what he was fucking talking about oh i've
had to call him out a few times on the sandbaggers. By the way, a little, by the way, a little, a little bitch stick caddy that,
that, you know, I hit a bad shot and I kind of, I,
I thought that he was looking at me and I thought he was watching me like to
toss the club back to him. Right. Like just, just to toss it back.
Like I just tossed it and it kind of hit him in the side of the head.
And he goes to the pro and says, I threw a club at him.
And by the way, I was, I was always the biggest tipper at whisper rock i tipped
the caddies huge because i love the caddies like just like i tipped the trainers and took care of
the trainers the people that take care of you always were like the number one in my life i
would never ever disrespect to throw a club at a caddy or do something like that. But the fact that he kind of threw me under the bus like that pissed me right off.
So one of the wussifications of pussy caddies is the guy that I had, which pissed me off.
But I have a great relationship with the people at Whisper Rock.
And I played there four times this year already.
And everybody is really great to me and and awesome and i'm a little bit more subdued on the golf
course now than i used to be so maybe you know tides are changing for me i met um i met a buddy
but i did i did get a bad rap on my whisper rock um stories that people tell, kind of like how I get them.
And by the way, I just love it how everybody wants to talk about me and tell their own
versions of stories about my life without asking me first and, you know, whatever.
I was with Jumbo Joe, Big Jumbo, about two weeks ago having dinner down in Florida.
And he said, you know what the biggest question that I got when I got here to Florida?
down in Florida. And he said, you know what? The biggest question that I got when I got here to Florida, you know, the number one question that all my, all my teammates asked me is what was it
like being teammates with JR? And I'm like, you're kidding. It was like, no, everybody wants to know
what it was like being a teammate with JR. I'm like, what the fuck is the obsession with me?
I'll tell you what is like, there's no guys in the league like that anymore who just kind of let it
fly. And, you know,
I think the league drastically misses different types of personalities. And I was actually going to ask you in segue,
you,
did you have a question beforehand?
Oh,
it was just a quick one about,
sorry,
we'll get back to this,
but I met your buddy last night,
Craig,
he's buddies with talk it.
And he said,
I had to ask you,
did you catch a rattlesnake and then drive home with it in your car,
holding it the whole time?
Yep.
Yeah. So I have a couple of, I had like three or four rattlesnake and then drive home with it in your car, holding it the whole time? Yep. Yeah, so I have a couple.
I had like three or four rattlesnake stories from Whisper.
He goes, he carried it while driving with one hand.
He was holding it with the other hand the whole time.
Yeah.
So the first one I had, I was playing a big money match,
and I was on the 13th hole, and I'm down.
I think I'm down like 2,500.
And I have a double press going.
It's a par 5.
10, 11, 12, 12,
par five going up the Hill at the upper Whisper Rock. And I'm just,
I'm like, I'm flailing, right?
I'm just not in my zone and I need to win this hole.
And we're walking up the fairway and I'm way behind. Cause I'm,
I had to get something to eat or went to the bathroom.
And there's a rattlesnake
that was coming across the fairway and I was playing against a couple guys then and I picked
the rattlesnake up on the fairway and I started running towards the guy I was playing and he
turned around and saw me and he saw I had the snake in my hand and the look of death came over his face. And if you ever would have seen a 275 pound guy do like the 50 yard dash in
3.2 seconds, and he's screaming, he's screaming like a bitch.
I, you know,
literally I chased him up the fairway.
He gets to his next shot and he's literally, he's shaken.
He can't even move.
And I win the next three or four holes and end up catching up because I chased him with a snake.
He was so flustered.
He couldn't even play with himself.
Send them the Vemoral Quest.
And then the one I was actually walking out to my car and the rattlesnake was in the parking lot.
was actually walking out to my car and the rattlesnake was in the parking lot so again i pick it up and it wraps around my arm and i have it have them right tucked in and and i i only live
like two miles from the course and um i said i wanted to scare my wife with it so i drove home
so i'm holding the snake and i'm driving home and i go into my into my house with the snake
and my wife's making the bed.
And I said, honey, I brought someone home.
I brought a friend home for lunch.
I hope you don't mind.
And I put the snake right next to her.
And if you ever seen someone jump and clamp her nails
and feet into the ceiling and she,
I had to sleep in the guest room for two nights.
You're so mad at me.
My last story is like, you guys know Whisper Rock.
When you come out of the men's grill, there's a little walkway to the parking lot.
Well, as I came out, there was a big bull snake, like a massive bull snake.
Now, they're not poisonous.
They're just big.
And I picked up the bull snake, and I brought it into the men's grill.
And Vinny Del Negro was having breakfast by himself.
He was sitting at the table and I went behind him and I let the snake come.
I put it on his shoulder and the snake crawled up right here while he was eating breakfast and he jumped the whole table the whole breakfast
flew over and he ran into the men's locker room and again with a screech that you would never
forget that came out of a grown man's mouth and i thought he was going to have a total heart attack
but yeah i like that wow that led into that led into a few lines i was going to have a total heart attack. But, yeah, I like that.
Wow, that led into a few ones.
I was going to ask you, who are the current-day players,
if you're following the NHL still, that excite you on and off the ice,
maybe with their personality?
With their personality?
I don't know.
I can't think of many either.
I mean, I got to think about that one.
Are you still watching a good
amount of hockey i don't i don't watch i don't watch hockey very often i bet on it all the time
so i i more watch it on the ticker rather than watch it live um so i know who's scoring i know
when they're scoring i know what's happening i I mean, I think the product is really good. I think it's the skating. The talent is unbelievable.
I don't think it's as exciting anymore in terms of it's, you know, the physicality and the hitting.
But I think that's what the National Hockey League wants. I think they want pure talent and less toughness. But, you know, I don't watch TNT.
I don't watch ESPN.
I don't watch, you know, the NHL League Pass.
I don't.
If I'm in a bar, I'll watch it, but I won't turn it on television and watch it, you know, kind of.
I'll bet on it, but I won't watch it.
What kind of bets do you typically make?
Just a money line or what?
What do you like to bet?
So I'm kind of a little bit all over the place i like doing two-team
parlays because i don't have to pay the juice which is nice so you know my app my average bet
is about a 200 two-team parlay um the over-unders right now have been really good because there's
there's there's a lot of shit goaltenders and defense out there it's been a lot of shit goaltenders in defense out there. There's been a lot of high scores. So overs have been good for me lately.
But, you know, I do like the two-team parlays.
And then, like, I'll take a perfect example.
I'll take one team to win, right, at the money line.
And then I'll do, like, a parlay where I'll take the opposite team
with a plus one and a half and play it with another game
because I have a chance to win both ways.
And if I lose one, I have a chance of just, you know.
So I'll do that every once in a while.
Sometimes it works, sometimes it doesn't.
But I've been pretty hot lately.
I would imagine you probably have more gambling stories than snake stories.
I built one of the floors at Caesars.
I don't know if you guys know that.
They still owe you some money, huh?
Hey, listen, when you've retired and you've taken your limit,
your line from 500,000 down to 50,000
and they still give you free rooms,
you know that they still want you to come back.
Holy shit.
What's the most you ever lost in one night?
About 125,000. What about on the win side? Ever going on a crazy run? most you ever lost in one night about a hundred and hundred and twenty five thousand well what
about what about on the wind side ever going a crazy run i have i have a really cool story um
and it involves um my buddy that you just referenced that you met um in atlanta or
wherever you met craig oh yeah he mentioned he mentioned something about this sorry there was
another thing he mentioned to ask yes so so we went went to Vegas together, and we were having some fun.
We were drinking.
We were late-night gambling.
And I was like 85,000 in the hole in markers.
And it was about 2 in the morning, and I had one 500 chip left.
I had a 500 chip.
And Craig's like, hey, let's go to bed.
Let's cut our losses.
Let's try to get it back tomorrow.
And I got pissed.
I'm like, what the fuck?
You want me to go to bed right now with a 500 chip?
What the fuck is that good to me?
I got a chip.
Let me play the chip.
Might as well lose this thing.
I'm pissed.
I'm pissed.
I'm like, Jesus Christ.
So I play the 500 down and I win. So I leave it. So now I have 1,000 and I win pissed. I'm pissed. I'm like, Jesus Christ. So I play the 500 down and I win.
So I leave it.
So now I have 1,000 and I win again.
I leave it.
So now I have 2,000 and I win again.
All of a sudden now I have four grand in front of me.
So I take two back, leave two, win, leave it.
Now I have four, win, go to eight, leave it, go to 16.
So now I have 18 grand in me,
right? So now I'm, now I'm rolling and I'm playing and I'm winning. I'm playing. I'm winning.
It's about 430 and I have about 35, 40,000 in front of me. And Craig comes back to the table
and goes, Hey, J.R., let's go to bed, man. It's time to go to bed. I'm tired. We got golf.
Literally we're playing routine off at 730. It's 5 6 o'clock and I'm like Craig I'm on a roll man I'm at 45 I got
another 40 I get my marker back and Craig throws four pieces of paper in front of me and I'm like
what's that he goes those are your markers I'm like what do you mean those are my markers because
you know when you go to the cage and pay off the markers they give you the paper and you rip them up he throws four of those in front of
me I'm like what are those he goes those are your markers he goes the whole time you've been playing
for the last three hours I've been reaching under get the fuck out of here yeah so while I was
playing because I was so hammered and I was just playing he's grabbing chips thousands and thousands
saving them thousands yeah because he knows that i would like
he knows that what i would just go crazy to try to get it back so he kept going and he kept going to
the cage and paying off my markers and paying off my markers he paid off all 85 000 of them
and he goes let's go and i had 45 in front of me from a 500 chip and i'm like
had 45 in front of me from a 500 chip.
And I'm like, I give him a big hug.
I give him a big hug.
I'm like, it was the greatest feeling of all time.
It was awesome.
That's a friend for you, by the way.
That's a friend.
Yeah, he's a great guy.
Did you get any futures at all, J.I., for like the cup or anything? Did you do any of those?
I did.
I actually did a future with Carolina.
What'd you get about it?
At the beginning of the year.
What odds?
It wasn't awesome.
I think it was probably somewhere around 4 plus 450, 550,
something like that.
It was right around in there.
Is this the most wide open you've ever seen it?
It feels like any number of 12 teams could win the Cup this year.
You know, I think opposite i really think i think i think there's only a few teams that can win it i think um i think florida is so good then with the with the addition of drew which
and and you guys know when you're in a locker room and you see a guy like drew get traded and
your gm goes out and gets your player like drew what kind of excitement that
you get like it's time to go for it boys i mean they already have probably the deepest team in
the national hockey league most talented um i like them i think carolina in the east uh is those are
my two top in the east carolina and florida i mean that's not going out on a on a whim or nothing
and on the west on the west side, obviously you've got the Colorado,
which is extremely strong.
And I would never count out Nashville for some reason.
You know, they're playing good hockey.
They could be my dark horse.
I don't see anybody really in the west beating anybody,
beating Carolina or Florida. I just don't see it. I was West beating anybody, beating Carolina or Florida.
I just don't see it.
I was talking with one of my buddies the other day that likes Pittsburgh.
You know, Pittsburgh kind of needs to have a run.
They just picked up Ricard Raquel, which I think is a great pickup.
Sydney and Malkin know this is one of their last runs maybe.
They've been playing great hockey.
I mean, they might make a run.
Rangers look good
but after that i don't i don't really see many other teams having having big chances to win
tell you the truth you mentioned you went to dinner with jumbo joe how the fuck is he still
going at his age and do you think that if maybe it doesn't get done this year he might even keep
going well i asked him if this is his last year and he he did not say he he always says i like
being with the boys jr you know me so it's all for the boys love the boys gotta be with the boys
and if if he can skate and if he can still pass the puck the way he can he'll he'll i know he's
slowing down i know he's sore he's know his knees are giving way he's um but he could he could
still he could still do a lot of a lot of great things for a team he mentioned maybe maybe playing
a year in europe you know back where he you know where he his wife is from and where he met uh met
his wife and he owns a team back there but um i would not put it past joe to play another year
he loves the game so much i think was it
aki berg we were talking about he went back to either finland or is that where he's from and he
became a trainer because of that same situation he could not be around the boys so maybe jumbo
joe will be a massage therapist on one of these nhl teams once he fucking i wouldn't put i would
not put it by jumbo to be a massage therapist he would do it if it meant winning winning a cup he's
staying in national hockey league for another 10 years i think i think he's gotten enough of him to know
what he's doing too well i i think he i think this is the best chance that he's that he's had
since probably our team in 2000 2008 2009 which shit the bed in the first round but we were the
best team in the league uh at the time but i I want him to have a Stanley Cup so bad.
I mean, there's so much I would do to allow him to win one.
It's crazy.
I have this funny webpage up.
It's like 18 memorable JR quotes.
So, you know, like you said, maybe some of them aren't even legit,
but one of them mentions, I've played with a lot of crazy guys in the past.
Wayne Van Dorp, when I played with him in Chicago, wasn't a big name,
but my God, he was nuts.
Is that true?
He's one of the nicest guys in the whole world, okay?
A guy you would love to have on your team.
And I've said this about Wayne before, and I've apologized to him before,
but he knows that I love him, so he knows I can say this to him.
I love him so he knows I can say this to him but without a doubt when we played he was the one of the toughest guys that had absolutely nothing upstairs right and he's like did he come up to
me guys jr how you doing today what's? We're going to win this hockey game tonight, boys.
Let's go.
I'm like, Wayne, are you okay in there?
Are you okay?
Yeah.
Yeah, I'm good.
Why?
It's just like it almost sounds like he always talked like he was high all the time.
But when he got on the ice, he could play and he could fight and he protected like nobody else.
Like nobody else that I played with, maybe besides Stu Grimson.
But he bought a van on literally on the road when we were driving to the airport.
We're driving past this dirty old 1965 van that was falling apart, said sale with a with a phone number on it and he called
it when we're on the on the roads and literally bought the van before we got to the airport
and then he said he's fixed it all up put all these panels in it put a little bed in and he
lived in it for like three months not all there but great guy yeah have you golf golfed with MJ at all in the last few years?
I know you had that epic story from way back in the day.
Yeah, I haven't.
No, I haven't.
I haven't played with him in quite some time,
but I'm spending a lot more time down in Florida now,
so I'm hoping that changes.
I can't remember if you  did you tell a story on the show before?
Okay, you did.
I wasn't sure.
He kicked my ass last year, JR.
He dummied me one day in the Grove.
Dude, you're a better player than that.
I played like shit. I was actually, I can say,
I was legit nervous, and then the first
18 ended, and I played a little better
in the second 18, but he played nice
that day. He shot probably
78-74 the second round.
He was getting up and down
from anywhere.
Anywhere.
I'd never seen a short game like that.
Well, he's got great mitts.
He don't score like he did and have the jump shot and the finger roll
and the fadeaway like he had and not be able to chip and putt.
True.
He's one of the most fun guys to play with that I've ever played with
because he loves to gamble.
He loves to have fun.
He loves to smoke cigars and listen to music. And he's he loves to gamble he loves to have fun he loves to
smoke at cigars and listen to music and he's just a blast man i i i fucking love michael jordan he's
he's got the guy on the course with a duffel bag full of money a louis vuitton he had a big case
in the back of his car that day but he um he gets rattled if you apparently if you talk about the
the gambling and the rounds a little bit no yeah it was kind of like I was just I kind of knew not to be like telling all about it.
He shriveled me on the back on the second 18 on the 17th holes par five at the Grove.
We had a ton of presses going and I was down from the first 18.
Like basically 1718 was going to make or break my day.
I hit it on in two.
I had like 30 feet for Eagle.
He's dead.
He's like long right, short sided, completely on in two. I had like 30 feet for eagle. He's dead. He's like long right, short-sighted, completely fucked in two.
And he hits this unreal like Luke Donald flop shot to like four feet.
And I roll my birdie, my eagle putt to three feet.
He cans the four-footer.
Of course, I missed the three-footer.
And he goes, that's right, bitch.
That's Michael.
But you know what a baller is you know what a baller is a baller is when you get kicked when you're asked to leave a club because you have too many players playing
with you you play with loud music you leave too many cigar butts all around and you disrupt the
golf course and they ask you if you can leave so what do you do you go build your own and bring your own people in where they ask them to leave the bears the bears club he was at the bears club for
for a long time in jupiter yeah the first time i saw him on the golf course i saw seven carts like
ripping down the first hole at medalist it's like what's that like that's mj he's got he's got he's
plays six guys he has nassau's with every single guy. Everyone takes their own cart
and they just bomb around 36 holes.
Him and Trump couldn't play together. There wouldn't be enough
carts on the course.
I'm sure they played together. I'm sure they played
together a lot.
He is the best.
I love Michael. I love Michael.
Outside of those two guys, who are some
other famous people you've been able to share
around with?
I mean, two men.
You know who's a lot of fun to play with?
Are you guys Entourage fans?
Yes.
So Kevin Dillon is  I don't know if you ever played
if you have a chance to play with Kevin Dillon.
Johnny Drama?
Nick Cousins?
Johnny Drama.
Nick Cousins.
The best.
He's one of the best guys, one of the funniest guys to play with on the golf course.
You've got to play with him.
And obviously, I played with Charles Barkley just a shit ton of times, who is actually playing a lot better.
Yeah, his game is better now.
His swing doesn't have the hiccup in it.
Yeah, he's starting to come back.
I played with him in the 90s, and he shot like 75, 76.
I played with him in the 90s and he shot like 75, 76.
And then he hit somebody in the head at Tahoe, right?
And if you guys haven't met Charles Barkley, he's without question one of the most compassionate and fan-loving and approachable, nice athletes that there are that really cares about his fans and people. And when he hit this lady in the head, it kind of traumatized him.
You know, and it always, whenever there's people around,
he always has that mental block.
And that's kind of what created that bad swing is because he hit somebody.
I mean, that tells you a lot about the kind of person that Charles Barkley is.
I'm telling you.
Jay, where'd you learn how the snake handling, like picking up rattlesnakes, that's some dangerous business.
Did someone teach you it or did you learn it some way?
Like that's dangerous shit.
It is dangerous shit, but no.
He also punched an alligator.
Listen, yeah, that was a funny story, that one too.
That's when I first met Arnold Palmer,
first time I ever met Arnold Palmer, which is really cool.
No, but the snake stuff, listen,
they don't have any arms or legs, right.
Which is a benefit and just stay behind them. Use it, use a club. You just don't go up to him and grab him with a hand, right. Use your club,
make sure that they can't get to you, push their head down, pick them up.
And you know, we,
we have the upper hand on them a little bit. If you think about it with all the,
you know, all the tools that we have,
snake can't pick up something and control us.
So that's the way I look at it. It might be a stupid way to look at it,
but I don't know. That's a little, but I said, I told you my,
when I jumped on the alligator that one day at Bay and I had a stale and I got
to the clubhouse afterwards and all the boys are having a couple of pops and
talking about the round and Arnold Palmer walks in,
stands right at the table and sitting that and he looks at me and Hey,
hockey boy, will you leave my alligators alone out there?
They're scared fucking shit. And I was like, I was like, yes,
Mr. Arnold Palmer. I'm so sorry, Mr. Palmer. I'll never do it again.
He's like, I'm just teasing you crazy bastard. And I was like, yes, Mr. Arnold Palmer. I'm so sorry, Mr. Palmer. I'll never do it again. He's like, I'm just teasing you, you crazy bastard.
And I was like, that was like the coolest five-second exchange I've ever had in my entire life.
Arnold Palmer called me hockey boy.
Hey, didn't your son come out with a country album or an album of some sort?
No, he came out with a pop album.
A pop album.
of some sort no he you know he came out with a pop album a pop album yeah so his yeah so if you go on spotify and you um and you and you do b row um i think he's on spotify he's on itunes he's
on he's on a lot of stuff it's b period row um he did two albums and did it all himself wrote it
sang it produced it everything and i'm telling you the kid the kid's got
the kid's got some talent he's he can write he can he can he can clash with his rhymes with his
with his beats so he's he's i'll send you some of his stuff but he is sick he's sick does he do live
performances uh he only did a live performance at his friend's birthday party he did it he did a
he did a he did his album i think he's got like seven eight songs on his second on his second
album that he did he's he's he's talented man i'm telling you he did it during covid
so when we we couldn't go outside we were stuck in our house we you know every time i'd come
downstairs in the kitchen he's sitting there with his hoodie over on his computer and i think he's doing schoolwork but he was actually
writing song lyrics and you'd be really impressed listening to some of the songs it's he's really
really talented so jay you got any shows a podcast or anything you've been doing on the side you want
to you want to plug while we have you here yeah so i've i've been doing um i've been doing after
the whistle with uh with my boy Greg Gravay and Andrew Peters.
We do that once a week.
We have a blast.
We have a great time.
And, you know, I like kind of conversing back and forth with some of the listeners on Twitter
and kind of, you know, bantering back and forth with their opinions.
And I literally, guys, I've stayed away from the national hockey league.
I've stayed away from talking national hockey league in a lot of different
ways. I think, you know,
the taste in my mouth is not good over the last couple of years.
You know, a lot of people talking to me about the, you know,
the hall of fame I'm sick and tired of asking why I'm not in the hall of
fame. I'm sick and tired of people asking why I don't work here, why I'm not here. You know,
why aren't they bringing you back? You know, to tell you the truth, I'm happy, man. You know,
I don't know if I would go back, to tell you the truth. Are you comfortable talking about that
whole situation? Like I reached out to you afterward and I just, I mean, I don't even
remember it, like hearing it because I was trying to focus on the next question. And then, you know, I think we made a quick crack and moved on. And I guess my overall thought on it afterward was, I mean, you know, Catherine Tappan had been on vacation with you guys. I assume that you would have been comfortable making that joke in her presence. And, and, and afterward, it just kind of all blew up. And, and I mean, put every, put, put you between a rock and a hard place and you were like, fuck you. I don't want to apologize. You know, I said what I said.
Listen, you know, it's the, the story, the story is the story. Right. And what bothers me the most though, is people made, um, made judgments without, without knowing the facts.
judgments without, without knowing the facts, right. Without hearing what we talked about on that podcast, right.
Kind of like how it was told the way it was told, why it was told,
um, that, and the situation that it was told in, I mean,
I told it on, on spitting chicklets, man. It's, it's a racy fun, you know,
whatever podcast. And i think i think i got caught in
in a in a tough time in our country where you know the the me too and the woke the woke ism
and politics really were at its at well i thought i thought at the time we're at its at its peak
um and you know what just bothers me the most?
Because I'm not going to get into all the logistics of what it does.
What bothered me is some of the people that I knew that could have protected me from the lashing and from the cancellation didn't protect me.
They bailed on me, right?
didn't protect me. They, they bailed on me, right? Like, you know,
you look on their, you look on their Twitter,
on their Twitter feeds and it says friends and family first.
And then they're the ones that bail on you and don't do anything to kind of protect you. They actually kind of throw you under the bus. So, and again,
that's what I said to you guys earlier. You learn who your friends are.
You learn who your supporters are.
You'd learn who you can always rely on and who will always be your friends. Now, again,
do I regret telling that story? I don't think I regret telling that story because if the people
would have heard what everybody in this situation said, what I said was minor.
So, again, I think we all have to remember we're in a different period of time.
We have to watch some of the things that we say, how we say it.
We've got to be very, very careful of people's feelings nowadays
because obviously words can hurt now.
You know, sticks and stones can break my bones, but words will never hurt me. Well,
that doesn't, that doesn't play anymore. So, you know, I've learned,
I've learned a lot. I still let my mouth go. Don't get me wrong. And I'll,
I'll say, say what I feel, but I, I know,
I know where I can go and where I can't go and I'm in a good place there's no question it does
bother me though it does bother me a little bit that the National Hockey League is kind of just
just kind of pushed me aside and really made it that I wasn't relevant in the first place
when telling the truth I did a fuck ton for the National Hockey League not only in the first place when telling the truth i did a fuck ton for the national hockey league not only
in the 20 years that i played but for the 10 years that i was out on television and for for them to
have the have the fear to to not involve me in anything because of something like that to me is
is is pretty is is pretty lame i guess the one question I had leaving it was like,
like how is the relationship with Catherine now? Do you, I mean,
I know how close she was to your family and enough to where you guys go on
European vacations.
There's, there's, there's no relationship in any, anything of that,
of that nature on that whole, on that whole aspect of anything, you know?
And, you know, I, I won't talk about the network. I won't talk about
the people. I won't talk about the relationships I've moved on and I've moved on to, I've moved
on to, you know, great things. And literally I never thought that I could be in such a good
place and loving what I do. I have a whiskey coming out next month that I'm so, that I'm so
excited about that I can't, I can't even see straight. And, you know, I'm involved in a couple
other things. I'm a job that I have keeps me traveling again. Cause that's what I love to do.
I'm in Chicago. I'm in Florida. I'm in Austin, Texas. I'm in San Francisco. You know, I'm all
over the place. I'm going to the masters next week. I'm taking some clients to the masters.
First time I've ever been to the masters. Your that's awesome yeah you're gonna be yeah you won't believe it
you won't believe it really i can't wait wait till you see just just do me a favor go to 10t
and when you see how downhill that hole is i know this is oh i've played the course i've
no i've played the course. Suck on that whip.
Yeah, exactly.
I'm a peasant for that.
No, you're not a peasant.
No, I should have said, I should have clarified that.
I've played the course, but I've never been to the Masters, right?
I've never been there to watch the tournament.
So I'm really excited to bring some of our clients for the week.
We've got five houses there,
and I'm going to bring, I think think five of my clients here to the tournament
and we're just going to have a great time.
So to answer your question,
listen, things
happen for a reason in life and
I was told
by a friend of mine, it's not what happens to you,
it's what happens for you
and I just take
everything that happens and I look at the bright side and i
move on um the national hockey league's actually really just disappointed me tell you the truth
and you know whether that'll change in the future or not i don't know but you know yeah the good
thing is i don't know i don't i don't need i don't need the national hockey league to to have a great
life and to have a you know have a happy life and a good one i don't know the National Hockey League to have a great life and to have a, you know, have a happy life and a good life.
Well, I don't know how these guys feel about it, but I just like,
it sucked that it happened on our podcast.
And that's how I felt about it because I know that I'm sure at the time,
those relationships meant a lot to you and it just sucked how it all went down.
And I mean, if there's any way that, that I could have prevented it,
I guess, you know, look, look in hindsight, I wish I could have. But like you said, things happen for a reason, buddy.
And I guess for myself, I apologize.
And I'm sure that you had to go through some hurt because of it.
Yeah, but you don't  listen, I don't think  and I said this to you,
and Wix, I'm sure I might have said it to you as well.
But I never, never looked at spit and chiclets or, you know, barstool at any point and said, you know, fuck you guys.
It's your fault.
No, you, you guys have one of the, one of the top shows in all of the world in terms of podcasts.
And there's a lot of people, listen, you've said some fucked up things on this show biz.
You can get away with a lot more than obviously I could get away with.
I got caught in a situation.
Not anymore, JR.
Not anymore.
There were some people that just didn't like me and were out for me and they got me.
And so be it.
That's not Spittin' Chicklets' fault.
It made me learn really quick, you know, again, what you can say, what you can't say,
what you got to be careful of, so on and so forth. Hey, listen, I'll still tell somebody to
fuck right the fuck off if I think they're wrong, right? Or if they're, if they're challenging me,
or if they're, or if they're after me, but I'm also very, very, very respectful and know
what, who I can say it to, when I can say it and not to offend people in certain aspects. But listen,
you still got to tell the truth, but spit and chiclets. I've never, never,
um, thought that you guys were the reason for it. I said it.
And I said it with, you know, I said, told the story that was my choice.
And you know, I, would I change it if I went back?
I don't I don't know if I would, guys. I really I really don't know if I would change much.
You know, I really don't. Well, we really appreciate you coming on for the third time.
Known you for a long time. And I'm really happy to hear how thing how well things are going for you now. So we appreciate it. And it's great to hear that with moving on from the NHL a little bit,
you're still happier than ever because in the end, like once the game ends,
it's about finding something else.
So good for you, JR.
It really is.
It really is.
And, you know, I watch you guys all the time.
And I'm big fans, obviously.
But I'm really looking forward to getting your asses out in the golf world.
Oh, that's just gonna say
legendary what's uh what's the whiskey called did you say the name yeah it's it's with it's
whiskey wild um it's a chocolate whiskey so we have a chocolate whiskey a chocolate citrus whiskey
coming out and i would love i would love to do like a little uh a little spit and chiclets um
launch party with you guys at some point in the country somewhere. We'll bring it on the sandbagger too so everybody can see it on YouTube as well.
I won't have any shots though because I need all the help I can get on the golf course.
I don't know if you see my backswing.
Unless it can loosen me up.
By the way, you're going to have shots because the shots make my ball go straighter.
Yours goes sideways.
Mine goes straighter.
All right.
Deal.
All right, JR.
Thank you so much.
Thanks, man.
Thanks, JR.
Leave those gators alone. Bye, Will. Good luck, guys. Mine goes straight. All right. Deal. All right, JR. Thank you so much. Thanks, man. Thanks, JR. Leave those gators alone.
Bye, Will.
Good luck, guys.
Keep it rocking.
Huge thanks to JR for joining us, jumping back on with us, man.
Awesome time talking to him again.
You know, things went a little sideways there a couple years ago,
but we're glad we still got a relationship with him,
and things have worked out for the best.
Snake whisperer.
Oh, yeah.
Jesus Christ, man.
He's fucking bananas doing that shit.
Fucking got to be careful, boys.
His interview was also brought to you by TaylorMade.
Are you ready for the ultimate giveaway?
We're teaming up with our friends at TaylorMade
for the ultimate season opener sweepstakes
and giving away 50 prizes to 50 different winners.
Prizes include everything from a grand prize,
full bag of new TaylorMade clubs, to a new stealth driver,
to TP5X golf balls, and everything in between.
Now through May 10th, go to TaylorMadeGolf.com
slash BarstoolSweeps to enter and celebrate the season's first major
and the unofficial start to the golf season.
The Sweeps is running across a number of podcasts within the Barstool network,
and we want our loyal followers to win.
So head over to Taylor made golf.com slash Boston sweeps right now for your
chance to win and be sure to let them know you heard it from us here on
spitting chiclets,
make this golf season better in fill your bag with the best.
Of course,
that's Taylor made,
go to Taylor made golf.com slash BastuSweeps right now
for your chance to win big.
The stealth carbon wood.
That's what she said.
Boys, the GM meetings were last week.
Some interesting news.
The GM meetings crack me up quickly.
They go down there and they have a couple big things
they got to talk about and Bettman says something
and George Power says something, but let's be honest.
The deadline's already happened.
They get wrecked. They probably
get crushed. They golf both days.
Great GM's meeting, honey.
They could do it
over Zoom in like an hour.
Yeah, we're going to go to Florida and get crippled
for two nights.
Okay, first off, the long-term
injured reserve loophole, as they call it.
It's not going anywhere, which we suspected last week.
Half the league currently has at least one guy on LCIR,
so it's no surprise it's not going to go anywhere.
Bettman also pointed out there were no issues for the last 17 years.
The league doesn't view it as a major problem affecting the league,
so it's not going anywhere.
Bill Daly said, we look into it, we deal with the clubs,
we get the medical records, we employ an independent medical expert, and we make sure of the bona fides of the injury we've never
had issues that stem from that it's a thorough process so you know no change is going forward
there but a big change is coming and everybody's happy about it biz the world cup of hockey will
be back february of 2024 it looks like no more europe or north american teams it's going to be
country versus country uh russia is going to be country versus country.
Russia is going to be determined, given their fucking idiocy lately.
The country, not the players, obviously.
The tourney doesn't need bells and whistles.
I think country versus country is the way to go.
Merles, let's get you a take on it, buddy.
Haven't gotten you for a bit.
Yeah, I just wish it was coming sooner.
I don't want to have to wait that long.
I love the international competition when you can get all the best players.
The world championships never is good because the real good players are still in the playoffs in the NHL,
so you never get to see it.
This is great.
I just wish it was sooner.
I'm real excited.
No, great breakdown, Merle.
It's fucking it.
I don't know.
Is that good?
Are you messing with me?
You think there's any chance you could be playing for Team Sweden?
Jeez.
I mean, I am a point-of-game.
You could make their ball hockey team.
I am a point-of-game guy in Division 1 or Division 2.
I love this move, and I think that I'm kind of over the Olympics.
I think that they need to figure out a way to just make this an unbelievable event for hockey,
and this is kind of like the marquee where you get all the top top end guys against top end guys i know there's constant chatter about growing the game across the world like but we need to grow it in the united states more and i mean canada is obviously taken
care of and everybody from europe will be watching even if it's in north america and hey maybe the
next one you move it over to sweden or you move it over to fin Finland and you go maybe back and forth like they do with the Ryder Cup.
I think they need to focus on growing their own type of Olympics
where the players get to play on that national stage.
And I know you saw Martian's comments about wanting to go to the Olympics
because it's so special and the opening ceremonies and what they get to experience.
I don't know, man.
You see all the other side of the stories about the shit, like food they gotta eat and the travel and the hoops they gotta jump
through it's and i know that that was going through a covet situation but if they focus on
making this experience better than any hockey experience we've ever seen you don't need to
fucking go to the olympics anymore and now players are going to be not paying as much escrow because you're growing the game over here and you're growing up that kitty and keeping it
all in house am i wrong here just like in soccer yeah just how they do it in soccer
yeah they don't go to the olympics in soccer it's all about the the world cup every four years and
it's the biggest thing for everybody that cities are shut down countries are shut down when their
teams are playing doesn't matter which time in sweden they'll give them the time off from work if they're
playing an afternoon game and let's just make hockey that big that's what should happen in
canada if canada has an afternoon game whole country shut down and watch it it would be great
i love it i love it and just like 96 because i said you could have games in europe and north
america and then finish off the final in North America.
If that's what you want to do, there's big arenas, big gates over there.
Maybe they all want it centralized, but if they do it in one in North America one year, I love that next year, do it in Europe.
But every four years, maybe three, I don't know how they want to do it, but we need best on best.
And I really do like your idea, but forget about the Olympics.
We got our season going on anyways. Then the owners aren't pissed off if somebody gets injured.
Well, they could get pissed off if you get injured in the World Cup.
But you know what I mean.
It's great to finally think about the best in the world.
And Matthews and Kane playing against McDavid and Crosby.
And so I cannot wait.
And like Merle said, I wish it was coming a little sooner.
So I guess the only question is, is how do they determine which teams are in and would there be qualifiers then for the world cup for countries who maybe
like let's say like not not saying this is the case let's say czech is is a team that just like
they perform brutally there do they relegate them at a certain point like is germany in
play in tournament have a play in tournament right but Canada and the United States are getting in every time.
Like, that's not even, like, do they have to play in the play-in tournament?
No, no, just have the teams that are the bottom of the barrel teams.
Like you said, the teams that are probably the last-placed teams in each division of the World Cup,
make them play in the play-in tournament.
So you almost got to have Russia in it, though, because it sucks if Russia's not in it.
So let's say Russia, Canada, U.S., Finland, Sweden, Slovakia, Czech Republic.
That's seven.
Germany.
Switzerland.
Swiss.
Swiss.
Who would be the 10th team?
You got like Norway is decent.
China, yipper, captain.
You got Belarus.
You have Austria.
Denmark kind of just arrived on the world stage not too long ago.
Italy.
For the most part.
Some other ones.
So you're doing Trinidad and Tobago are nasty and ducks too.
Did they say how many teams would be in it?
No, they haven't hammered out all the logistics yet.
We still got a ways to go.
Okay.
There might be a small sort of qualifying thing like they do in the Olympics.
But either way, we're just fucking psyched to get it back, man.
96, that was all-time epic stuff. Still think about it being down the tab on the water in the Olympics. But either way, we're just fucking psyched to get it back, man. 96, that was all-time epic stuff.
Still think about it being down the tab on the water watching the finals.
I think it was in September it took place and awesome stuff.
So we're glad to get it back.
A few other notes from the GM meetings.
I mentioned in the last episode the cap's going to be going up by a million dollars next year.
Betvin also said that the player's debt owed to the owners, which is how much, Biz?
1 billion, is expected to be repaid
by the 24-25 season.
Shocker. Then the Caps should get a nice jump after that
so teams can pay these guys
a little bit more dough. Also, the NHL
won GMs to be careful
regarding public comments about officials
that kind of fed up with what's gone on this year.
They also want to back their officials even if
it's been a tough year for them.
They'll reconvene after the draft in July once again. So that's what's going on with the GMs. Anything else you want to back their officials, even if it's been a tough year for them. They'll reconvene after the draft in July once again.
So that's what's going on with the GMs.
Anything else you want to add, Whit?
I don't know if you already said that.
Well, no, but Cap reminded me of the Caps.
Biz has been on them saying they're not a contender.
I kind of agree with them.
And my preseason cup pick, the Islanders.
Is it crazy to think 11 points back of the Capitals
with a game in hand?
Could the Islanders sneak in if the Caps lose three in a row
and the Islanders keep winning?
You never know here.
The Capitals have 13 games left.
They're playing like trash.
The Islanders have 14.
If the Islanders can go 11- 3 and the capitals really really fall apart
we might see an absolute shocker wow i wouldn't be that surprised i'm just saying it if they if
the islanders get in i'll get it listen the caps have sorry but the caps have uh toronto coming up
vegas coming up the bruins coming up um i pulled up their schedule. It's not that crazy.
I'm just saying.
I'll get an Islanders tattoo on my ass if they end up pulling that one off.
Oh, wow.
The Islanders are hot.
The Islanders are hot.
So the Caps just got worked by many.
They got Tampa, Pittsburgh, Boston, Philly, Toronto, Colorado, Vegas.
Wow.
Maybe I won't get a tattoo on my ass.
Just throw something out here.
They got two games against the Islanders in Capitals.
There's two games right at the very end, too.
Yeah.
I was getting scalded online for my comments about the Caps.
If they end up missing the playoffs,
I am going to make their fans who are tweeting me eat shit.
And then whoever plays the Islanders is going to shit their pants a little.
Oh, yeah.
That would scare me.
Would be a great story.
But moving right along here, sad news from Ottawa last week.
The owner of the Senators, Eugene Melnick, died at just 62 years old
from an unspecified illness.
Obviously, we want to send our condolences to his family, friends,
fans of the team.
Just sad news.
62 is too young to pass away.
And he saved the Senators.
They wouldn't be there if it wasn't for him.
And I know it was a really tough ending for him as an owner
and how things went about.
But awful news to see him pass away battling that illness.
But you do have to remember, there would be no team without him.
He owned them since 2003.
He bought it for just 92 million.
It's gone up in value tremendously since then.
So again, we want to extend our sympathies to his family and friends.
It's a sad loss for the community.
Also, speaking of the Sens, they refuted a story that came out there.
It said they were supposed to play five games in Quebec City next season.
The team president, Anthony LeBlanc, said the suggestion that the Sens
will play in Quebec next season was, quote, very disingenuous.
It seemed like it had come out of the
I guess they're talking about maybe having the world juniors
shared between Ottawa and Toronto in a few years
and somehow that upstart between Ottawa and Quebec,
somehow that got brought up as playing games there.
And they're like, no, nothing happened like that.
That sounds like a rumor that we would start.
Absolutely.
So let's see.
The three Hobie Baker finalists were announced on Thursday.
We're the fucking rumor guys around.
Who's starting rumors?
I actually think we did post that.
I'm pretty sure we did post that one.
Denver forward Bobby Brink, Minnesota State goalie Dryden McKay,
and Minnesota forward Ben Myers, the three Hobie Baker finalists.
Brink was the only one drafted.
He was taken on the second round of the 19 draft by the Flyers.
So safe to assume the other two will probably get a little interest from
any of the teams. Yeah, they already signed with New York.
With your alma mater,
they're going to be looking for a new coach next season
as Albie O'Connell won't be back
after coaching the Terriers for the last four
seasons. They went 58-49
in 16 during his tenure
with one NCAA
appearance.
After 40 years of Jack Paca, that ended in 2013,
the team's going to have its third coach in just nine years.
Anything you want to share with us, Whit Dogg?
Yeah, I mean, Albie's a great guy.
You know, it's kind of been a little bit of a struggle.
They also dealt with COVID and kind of messing with two different seasons.
You know, David Quinn was a great coach there,
brought him to the NCAA title game. I think he still probably wants to try to coach the NHL Jay Pandolfo left the Bruins to become the assistant
this year I would really hope he gets the job an amazing guy and a pro an unreal college player at
BU himself so let's hope he ends up getting it I don't really know what else has been discussed I
think everyone's hoping if Quinney doesn't want it
or doesn't want to do it again, that Pando would want to take over
because that's a lot of time away from the family if he does take it.
But, you know, we're looking to get BU back on that national
in the national  have some national prominence.
I don't know if that makes any sense.
But the difference now, college hockey, you see all these teams.
When I was playing college, granted, this was 20 years ago.
The teams that were really bad, they're now some of the best.
And a lot of that has to do with some of these schools,
they get really old players.
They get 24-, 25-year-old players.
BU's always been a younger school, getting some of the top prospects.
So we just got to get back winning.
But thank you to Albie because he's a hell of a guy,
and he did the best he could because it's been a couple tough years with what's been going on off the ice hell of a recruiter too wit i mean he
brought in joel joel farabee and trevor's egress drew camesso like he's got a bunch of guys on his
list there uh let's see all right uh eve i'm sorry if i pronounced it eve last time i think i might
be ev gascon the uh the woman goalie up in quebec she got her second start for the Gatineau Olympics, and she got her first win in the Q, Biz.
Stopped 23 of 26 shots.
First win by a female goalie in the Q in 22 years.
It was a pretty cool video we put out in the Chickens feed.
Teammates gave her the old water bottle shot when she got back to the room,
and no better way to get accepted by a team than getting a W.
That's like the new Sally now.
You go in the locker room, and you get the water bottle treatment.
Yeah.
I guess they're not
going to throw beers
all over each other
in a regular season game
or whatever level, right?
I mean, because the NHL
does the water bottle
shit too.
Yeah.
Sometimes they do
the ignore the person
and act like nothing
happened and then
blah.
But yeah, no.
Congratulations to her.
I mean, what was it?
A couple weeks ago
she got her first start.
Yeah. And then now she got her first win. That's awesome. I mean, what was it, a couple weeks ago she got her first start? Yeah.
And then now she got her first win.
That's awesome.
Who knows, man?
She could be the one where she ends up making an NHL roster.
Yeah.
I mean, it's highly likely that if a woman plays in the National Hockey League
for an extended period of time, it's going to be at the goaltending position.
So let's see.
She's on the radar, folks.
Sounds like something I said.
Excuse me, buddy.
Just got to be serious for a sec
here um us guys at spitting chicklets uh we want to send along our deepest condolences uh support
and our love to the boston hockey academy on the loss of their beloved teammate a friend and brother
maxim madison who they affectionately referred to as mad dog who passed away last week just an awful
tragedy we were heartbroken to hear it and we just want to tell you guys to hang in there as well as his family and friends.
And just want to let you know how sorry we are about your loss.
And just want to convey our sympathies and condolences.
Again, terribly sorry to hear about the loss of your friend and brother and family member, Maxim, a.k.a. Mad Dog.
Wrapping up here, got a couple of non-hockey things to get to.
Sad news about Bruce Willis.
The legendary actor was diagnosed with aphasia.
It's a condition that affects your ability to communicate
your cognitive ability
as I try to
communicate. So he's essentially
retired from acting. He has been making
sort of direct-to-video movies for the last
couple years. But yeah, just
sad to see. This guy's a legend of the game.
Die Hard, of course, made him one of the biggest stars
on the planet back in 1988.
And this is a guy, I don't know if you remember, Merle's,
he was coming off of Moonlighting, kind of a romantic
comedy TV show, and you hear him
starring in this action thing, and people are like,
what? Bruce Willis, action star?
And he come out and killed it. I mean, Die Hard,
absolute blockbuster. Of course, he's made
a bunch of other movies since. Do you have a particular
favorite biz wit, Merle's?
I'm a big Armageddon guy.
I think it was a hell of a movie.
What are you laughing at?
Yeah, I'm just laughing because Armageddon's terrible.
But no, I'm sorry.
What?
Armageddon's a terrible movie.
I like Armageddon.
It took me seven different times to watch it.
Good soundtrack, too.
Hell of a soundtrack.
I mean, it's not exactly like the most you know
it doesn't make a ton of sense like why wouldn't you maybe train the astronauts to be oil drillers
as opposed to training oil drillers to be astronauts but the action the ending the music
you're a moron thinking well they got the job done so obviously it was the right call
and that's why
we're that's why we're here today paul because it was a true story you know yeah i know it's a great
great beginning to the movie when they're assembling all the guys to fuck i'm gonna
re-watch armageddon man hopefully they got it on my face was a six cents was a great flick
yep yeah that was another one i was gonna mention mention. Obviously, Pulp Fiction. His role is Butch Gould, the boxer.
And what was it?
Unbreakable.
The other M. Night Shyamalan movie he did where him and Sam Jackson,
they were kind of one was the hero, one was the bad guy.
It was pretty good stuff.
He's done a gazillion movies, hasn't he?
Yeah.
And he's done quite a bit in the last few years, too, because, like I said,
I'm sure.
Yeah.
From my understanding, towards the end, they would he would just like come in and like he would they would just he would have like a teleprompter and he would read the lines off and then and then boom, get out of there.
Yeah, yeah.
It was kind of like a day of work.
And, you know, I mentioned direct to video.
I think he's still a big drawer overseas.
So, you know, if you have Bruce Willis on the box cover or, you know, on the whatever the video cover, people are still going to go out and rent it and buy it.
But, yeah, he would kind of show up and do one day of work and get paid.
Well, it makes sense.
Finding out he was sick, they probably knew.
Trying to make some more money before you're going to be done completely.
But that's awful.
I'd never heard of that disease either, but it's terrible news.
Brutal.
Yeah, it is brutal.
So best wishes to Bruce and his family.
And, yeah, thanks for an awesome career, man.
The guy just exuded cool for so long.
One guy who didn't exude cool for so long, Coach K down in Duke.
He's fucking done.
Out of here.
Lost his game.
Yeah, so I tweeted out the other night, like, I don't really follow college basketball.
I've been in and out on Big Cat ripping on him.
But, you know, sometimes you don't know what to believe with him and PMT.
Because they just, you know, they are PFT.
Excuse me.
I always get those two mixed up.
But he was handing out these cards.
Did you read the card, the wallet cards with?
Fact sheets.
So is Coach K actually like kind of a phony?
I mean, yeah, I'm not a fan of him.
I think just because everyone in fucking college basketball cheats,
they're recruiting.
It's well known that fucking they all pay these guys
off and duke's never been fucking caught for some reason like oh maybe i'm slandering a libel in
here but i'd be shocked if they were playing up above and beyond because that's a fucking such
a corrupt sport so the fact that he's been kind of skating or been doing this for so long and
he's never gotten in trouble and yeah he's kind of arrogant that he's kind of like throwing guys
under the bus over the years he hasn't made himself paul a very likable character and then you add in the fact
that duke is his you know blue blood rich school that not a lot of people say it's the harvard
harvard of the south i yeah i guess i've heard that yeah i've heard that before biz but you know
it's it's not like i don't think it's a school that a lot of people are crazy about as well so
you add in in the in that fact and yeah duke combined with Coach K, it's like a lot of people are like that.
Screw them, man.
We don't like you.
So one of the things on those fact sheets was when in his first year,
the team wasn't very good.
And after they got off to a slow start, what Big Cat claims is he kind of
like faked an illness or an injury.
And then the interim coach took over and had this horrible record.
And typically the head coach takes on that record, even though the interim coach is over and had this horrible record and typically the head coach takes on
that record even though if the interim coach is leading the team but the losses that he
assembled never ended up making it on to coach k's record yeah i think he's that too i think
it's more about the questionable things he's done while also never really catching any shit from the
media my my thing more is the tweet I sent is UNC Duke is the rivalry,
probably the best rivalry in college basketball.
It's Michigan, Ohio State and football.
People who are Duke fans, and I don't know a ton about basketball.
I think that's very clear, but I've looked into this.
People who are Duke fans cannot say one thing to UNC Tar Heels fans.
They are owned. They are absolutely owned forever.
UNC has more national titles. They have more trips to the final four. They just beat Coach K in his
final game at Cameron Indoor Stadium, embarrassed him. And then these two legendary rivals meet in
the final four for the only time ever, and they beat them then to end the guy's complete career.
And UNC has the greatest basketball player who ever went there. So when you're talking about four for the only time ever and they beat them then to end the guy's complete career and UNC
has the greatest basketball player who ever went there so when you're talking about rivalries it's
take the hammer UNC and take the nail Duke it's a fucking joke people text me they're 51 and 51
all-time playing against each other dude you just got embarrassed in the last home game of your
legendary coach and the only time you've ever played in the NCAA tournament you are losers compared to UNC and I don't even have a dog in this fight I don't even know anyone
who went to either squash it Caleb went to UNC but there is no comparison whatsoever for those
two programs none yeah and apparently they've had the the biggest heels as well that Leitner
Grayson Allen Grayson Allen who was tripping everybody.
So I've been digging a little bit more into it.
And somebody actually sent me a longer fact sheet than what Big Cat had.
So people have been adding on to it.
So there was actually another year where the team had struggles out of the gate.
And then he had like a back injury.
That might be the gif of where he just crumbles over on the court. So, I mean, this is pure comedy.
And I would have to agree with you, though.
I tend to lean towards UNC,
although I kind of want to jump on this Duke bandwagon
just to fucking stir it up.
Well, or you could kind of stay on Brandon,
just root for both.
Whoever goes farther.
Also, if you didn't go to like if you didn't go to duke like
how do you root for for duke you know i mean it's like rooting for like yankees lakers oh you mean
you mean marty mush didn't go to duke you don't say oh shit uh i just thought a couple more bruce
willis movies that way i should say i lied i looked them up um the last boy scout kind of a
cheesy like 80s-style movie,
even though it was from the 90s.
Check that out.
Twelve Monkeys, him and Brad Pitt.
You ever see that one?
I never saw it.
Well, check it out, Biz.
It's kind of a trippy movie.
Nobody's Fool with Paul Newman, a good one.
And, of course, he was the voice of the baby in Look Who's Talking,
which was a huge hit back in, I don't know, I think it was 89, 90, whatever.
And also, he was an extra, one of his first movie roles,
with the Boston movie, The Verdict,
with Paul Newman as well.
He played an extra in one of the courthouse scenes.
If you're watching it,
you can see him in the background. So I just want to give Bruce a little extra shout-out.
Didn't name enough movies for him there.
All right, moving right along.
F1 Racing is going to Vegas in 2023.
I sent you guys the course for the race.
They're going to be racing at nighttime
down the strip in Vegas.
That thing is going to look un-fucking-believable.
You guys ever been to a race?
Anyone?
Sorry, G.
Biz, you've been to F1 before, haven't you?
I went to the F1 race in Montreal, but I was too busy trying to bank rods
rather than watch the cars go round and round and round.
I will say, very loud event.
You've got to wear those earmuffs.
It's so loud.
It's kind of annoyingly loud.
And then it's kind of cool, though.
Afterward, after the guy wins the race,
everybody's allowed to walk the track.
So you can just, like, on foot, like, jump over the gates,
and they allow the fans to just walk it.
Maybe that was only in Montreal,
but I don't know how crazy the events are in other places,
but the F1 race in Montreal,
it put it on your bucket list and do a bachelor party for it.
And it is top-notch.
The partying doesn't stop, and it's just the energy around is incredible.
Mind you, I had Max Talbot bringing me around.
I think Claude Giroux joined us that trip.
Boyd Gordon was there.
So we had like 10 NHL guys.
Mike Calvert.
Didn't they let Talbot drive his Nissan Pumpkin on the course after the race?
Oh, yeah.
No, no.
He won the race.
He won it.
He won it.
That was the story I told.
And Max ended up getting us these Cirque du Soleil tickets.
And, yeah, not a bad accent there, R.A.
R.A.'s got a half chop after I said Cirque du Soleil. And And yeah, not a bad accent there, R.A. R.A.'s got a half-chop after I said Cirque du Soleil.
And we were all set in front row,
and they had the girls who were the gymnasts
who were in these crazy outfits
that would go energize the crowd and do these dances
after they were actually on stage performing.
And one of them threw a piece of paper at Commodore.
And then we unraveled it, and it was all the girls names and
numbers and then you could see what they looked like in the programs we never ended up meeting
up with them but it was yeah yeah you didn't so yeah um but you know we kept it kept it cordial
but it was yeah it was an incredible trip teddy purcell was there as well let's just put it this
way i was supposed to leave sunday i left Tuesday. That's how long the trip ended up.
Just the visual on Vegas at nighttime
bombing down the strip. I'm not a huge
I'm not even a racing guy, but I'm definitely
going to check that out. They were supposed to do it in Boston
a couple years ago, but like everything else.
Let's put it this way too.
I burned more rubber than they did on the tires
in the race that weekend.
You are rubber.
This is kind of a funny story. Merriam-Webster, the longtime dictionary in the race that weekend. Yeah, you are, Robbins. Yeah, song.
This is kind of a funny story.
Merriam-Webster,
they're a longtime dictionary company.
They have a Twitter handle.
They actually explained what key bumps are
on their Twitter handle
this week, Biz.
Oh, nice.
Well, I guess there was some
dipshit politicians in D.C.
I guess one of them
said something about key bumps.
So Merriam-Webster said,
people are talking about key bumps,
and so we have a duty to tell you some things about this.
Mind you, this is one of the most reputable dictionaries in the world. A bump in this
context may be defined as a small quality of an illicit drug when inhaled in powdered form at one
time. We do not enter key bump as a fixed phrase, as it has not yet demonstrated wide currency of
use. You may, if you choose, refer to small amounts of drugs
sniffed off a key as key bumps,
but there is something you should be aware of.
This use of key is what we call an attributive noun.
You can read more about it here.
It's just that's the world we live in now.
We've got dictionaries explaining fucking cocaine use.
He doesn't know the Zucker injury,
but he knows about this key bump story.
How the fuck did this make the outline?
I have no idea.
I stopped listening.
I know.
All right.
I will finish with this then, Biz.
This is more of your rally.
Sydney Sweeney off the HBO show Euphoria.
Apparently, her grandparents said she had, quote,
the best tits in Hollywood.
They watched her show.
And I guess if the grandmother says it, that's one thing,
because, I don't know, women saying compliment and tits is one thing.
Maybe the grandfather has her OnlyFans.
Yeah, I was going to say, but grandpa chiming in, a little awkward there.
Didn't we talk about that last week in the pod?
No, we just talked about the OnlyFans girl who found out her dad was a subscriber.
Yeah, that's what I'm saying.
Yeah, he was subscribed.
I, for one, will not disagree with Sidney Sweeney's grandparents, though,
just for the record.
Do you watch Euphoria?
Absolutely.
Great show.
Terrific show.
No, no.
I've heard a lot of good things about it.
I also heard that it's maybe for, like, the younger generation.
That's shit.
Idiots online say, oh, you watch a fucking show about high school kids.
It's like, who gives a fuck?
If something's well acted, well written, well shot, and is entertaining.
Oh, yeah.
No, I'm a good.
Fuck that.
No, Euphoria. awesome show, dude.
And by the way, Zendaya, she's going to win another fucking Emmy this year.
One of the episodes in particular, if you watch it this year,
it's one of the best performances in our show I've ever seen in the history of TV.
I say that with no fucking qualms.
Yeah, she's the it girl, I guess.
Phenomenal.
Phenomenal actress.
And, yeah, the show, yeah, it's about high school kids,
but there are so many things about, you other things going on addiction and you know kids
shit kids are exposed to nowadays it's a it's horrific show and i know it's got its attractors
but highly highly recommend oh so it's it's more about a horrific show terrific show terrific show
um so uh like go into more detail like are these kids like crushing each other every episode oh
oh yeah yeah and it was i would say early on maybe more about the kids and what they're into but Go into more detail. Are these kids crushing each other every episode? Oh, yeah. Yeah.
I would say early on maybe more about the kids and what they're into,
but this season really kind of honed in on Zendaya. Does it talk about social media fucking up with their heads?
Oh, God, yeah.
Yeah.
I'm sure it's an exaggerated form.
I know it's not every fucking young kid out there these days,
but it's definitely a jumping off point.
And, again, like I was just saying,
this season really kind of got into the addiction aspect which you know
I mean we all know people in this day and age
who have problems and you know you can't
talk about that stuff too much but they really
got like some scenes like holy fuck what specifically
just how
awful drugs drugs yeah
exactly what specifically what specific drugs
yes
opiates were this year heroin
cocaine I mean just all of them but
this year high school kids if you have kids watching this show yeah well yeah that too but
it's i mean yeah it's real world stuff but but it was zendaya is the one who's you know who's an
addict and she went through the ringer i think as an actress this year just tremendous fucking
season from her this year i mean you just you got, you got to watch it, dude. I mean, I don't want to keep talking about it, but.
I got a good show.
I was watching, I think it's a five part.
I'm through episode three.
We Crashed, which is an Apple TV show.
It's about basically what happened
and the entire backstory of WeWork.
And if you don't know what WeWork is,
it's communal working space.
It's a giant building where people can kind of rent out
a little tiny office, but it was more about community
and trying to be like a family.
And it's a wild story.
Jared Leto plays, he's a good actor.
He's a creepy, like, I don't know,
he could really dive into these roles.
He plays this guy, Adam Newman, who began WeWork.
And who's the actress who plays his wife?
She was in Devil's Wear Prada.
Emily Blunt?
Oh, Anne Hathaway?
Anne Hathaway plays his wife.
Through three episodes, it's pretty good.
It's an interesting story. The guy was a wacko.
So was the girl. I don't really know how
it's going to end because I'm just through episode
three, but I recommend the show. It's good.
Apple TV.
All right, boys. I the show. It's good. Apple TV.
Boys, I think that about wraps it up. I know what dog's going to take off
soon. Rose, do you have any final thoughts?
Yeah, happy to be here. Thanks for having
me. I'm looking to
go to negotiations
with Biz over lunch today. Maybe
another contract for the Big Deal Selects
or not. It's coming soon.
Free agency is here now that i have
i'm back i'm a professional hockey player i i may have some extra offers from some other clubs so
and you know buffalo you've drank a lot of beers in buffalo i have spent a lot of time on chippewa
street um i've had a lot of good times there i'm very excited to get back there and i guess the
whole downtown i haven't really seen the Harbor Center. I guess it's amazing.
It's going to be quite the show.
I know all the spots we can hit.
The late night gym stakeout is one of the top after bar food places in the world.
And it will be July 22nd, July 23rd.
And we're going to have a ton of information coming soon on our social channels.
You can also go to chickletscup.com for more info.
So all you online tough guys can sign up, enjoy the A Division and Vol hockey,
and I'm going to fucking bend you over.
No spit, no lube.
Just one last reminder to the folks in Ontario,
thescore.bet is the app to check out
if you're looking to get into the gaming community.
So thanks for listening, and we'll catch you next week, everybody.
Peace.
Peace.
as always we like to thank our awesome sponsors here in spit and chicklets so huge thanks to our friends at pink whitney and new amsterdam vodka big thanks to our friends at shady rays thanks
for taking care of me huge thanks to everybody over at sport clips guys if you're looking to
get that haircut go to sport clips big thanks to our friends over at roman Clips. Guys, if you're looking to get that haircut, go to Sport Clips. Big thanks to our friends over at Roman. The guys appreciate it. Huge thanks to everybody over at
Earnest. If you're looking to refire your student loan, check them out. And huge thanks to everybody
over at TaylorMade. Check them out for all your golfing needs. Have a great week, everyone.
