Hey, Spittin' Chicklets listeners, you can find every episode on Apple Podcasts,
Spotify, or YouTube. Prime members can listen ad-free on Amazon Music.
Hello, everybody.
Welcome to episode 381 of Spitting Chicklets, presented by Pink Whitney.
My friends at New Amsterdam Vodka here in the Barstool Sports Podcast family.
Well, gang, we're heading into the stretch run here.
Austin Matthews is on a tear, and a legend is going to be done this year. But first, let's say hello to the boys.
Producer Mikey Grinelli, what's going on, my man? What's up, boys? here and a legend is going to be done this year but first let's say hello to the boys producer
mikey granelli what's going on my man uh what's up boys um unfortunately i found myself on the
end of a losing bet this past weekend that's going to uh force me to drive around the entire island
of manhattan in full hockey equipment so it's getting warmer here that's not going to be fun
so uh quick fuck you to the michigan hockey team and quick hello to you guys.
You were all in on those guys, eh?
They need to have like a budget bowl
against the London Knights unless they're still in it.
But if they get knocked out, but I tell you what,
pretty big disappointment.
Didn't they have the most first rounders
in college history on their team?
I mean, just last year alone, like first overall,
second overall, fifth overall.
It's like, it's ridiculous.
Four top ten picks last year.
It's a joke.
They're a bunch of frauds.
But I'll get some fun content out of it.
I'll film the whole thing.
Oh, nice.
Like when you say full equipment, like do you mean skates too?
Or just like?
No, I almost doubled down actually for the national championship
where if Denver lost again in the national championship,
I would have to wear full ice skates, not even rollerblades.
But no blades, no nothing.
I'm wearing shoes.
You should just see if you could actually rollerblade it.
It would probably make better sense and maybe a better workout for you
and get you prepared for Buffalo, which I don't know if Rudy's going to allow.
And for those of you, did you already mention that Rudy was the one that bet you?
Yeah, I bet Rudy, former former Denver player former national champion but biz here's the reason I'm not gonna rollerblade
is because I found a loophole it was city bikes I have to ride a city bike around the city but
there are in in every city bike hub there's one or two electric ones where it's got a lever where
I won't have to pedal once I just sit on this bike and it's an electric bike around the city so I think I found a loophole where I won't have to do too much work but still it's got a lever where I won't have to pedal once. I just sit on this bike, and it's an electric bike around the city.
So I think I found a loophole where I won't have to do too much work.
But still, it's going to be like 10 hours.
Kind of like when you refuse to clap at the lacrosse practice.
Always looking for loopholes.
You have to pedal, dude.
That's the bet.
You lost the bet riding the bike around Manhattan in hockey gear,
which is the dumbest bet of all time.
Hey, and I'll tell you what.
You know who suggested the e-bike?
Was Rudy himself.
So I am allowed to do the e-bike.
Okay, in that case, I don't mind.
But maybe you'd want to get some benefit from it and push yourself a little bit.
Maybe get those quads burning.
Have you guys seen my quads?
What quads?
What quads?
Exactly.
Exactly.
It looks like you're riding a chicken all day, every day.
That's what Tyson Ash says to me all the time.
He goes, hey, you got your string hanging down from the shorts, busy.
But what I think should happen is, I mean, there's a lot going on right now.
The East is a bit of a shit show.
Everybody thought we were going to have certain matchups.
You should become our barstool gambling mule to where I know that you and Avery
had a bit of a heated debate
as to who was the better goalie going into playoffs
and who would you want as your starter,
either Shosturkin or Vasilevsky.
Now, maybe that conversation
has kind of teeter-tottered a little bit
in Shosturkin's way,
given his play as of late,
but I think we could pump the brakes
when Waino ended up coming to your defense
so he automatically wins every argument. maybe if just so happens Penguins do play the the New York
Rangers maybe we could kind of extend Grinnell out guys to Avery and say maybe we got a little
bet going there maybe just maybe um Washington and we fuck with uh with PFT and we get something
going with him or maybe bully uh Billy Football would have to become our
maybe on one of these trips we're doing.
Maybe even the one in NYC, he has to be our butler.
Whereas if Washington ends up winning it off,
then maybe you have to be their butler for a week.
Sold.
Grinnelli has to drive around Staten Island for the next bet he loses.
Oh, my God.
Don't even say that, R.A.
You have to do the wheelbarrow.
Billy Football broed me once. He should be our the wheelbarrow. Billy Football broed me once.
He should be our butler.
Who?
Billy Football broed me once.
He's like, okay, bro.
I was like, what?
But I respect the kid.
He's a hardworking, weird-mind lunatic,
but he did bro me one time.
Last I saw him, he was doing content with the Liver King.
Have you ever seen this guy on Instagram, Whit?
Is that the guy who only... I've seen him. He was doing content with the liver king. Have you ever seen this guy on Instagram? Uh, wit. Is that the guy who only I've seen him?
He's jacked.
I think he's on the gas.
I had a lot of other things.
Eating fish eggs.
He had like,
I don't know if it was a salmon,
like,
like squeezing the eggs out,
like right into his mouth.
Like the fish eggs.
I saw that clip the other day.
Did you see that one biz?
Yeah.
He's a bit extreme.
He'll eat all raw meat.
He'll be drinking like bone marrow blood at night. He looks like he, he looks like he's a bit extreme. He'll eat all raw meat. He'll be drinking, like, bone marrow blood at night.
He looks like he's, like, turned brown.
Like, is he not?
From maybe, like, all the steroids and sun and maybe the diet.
No, those aren't steroids.
That's from eating, like, raw pork chops, he says.
Fucking bison gallbladder.
Biz, you've got your familiar background back.
What's going on?
Traveling back home.
What's the world with you? Nothing, nothing man it's great to be home um i'm actually excited to announce i met
with a trainer and i told you guys my back was all messed up what's that what's the trainer yeah
well hey keep in mind ra we're starting out slow so my back's been pretty messed up since i retired
and i think uh a lot of it had
to do with the way that my body was compressed especially in my spawn and spine my spawn my spine
and um and just the way like maybe my hips are displaced so right now we're just working on a
lot of like breathing and resetting and realigning my body so it's not always in constant pain and
you know he said he's a caiiro is he like a chiro as
well so they have a chiro there but i actually found out about him through jacob chikrin you
know and jacob chikrin's he's dealt with a lot of injuries uh throughout the start of his career
and i just kind of you know was watching some of his instagram videos about maybe some of the basic
exercises he was doing and getting you know the the the
regular movement of the body back especially after realigning it after a big surgery where
you might have been overcompensating and i just touched base with with chick and you know picked
his brain a little bit and and he said that this guy really helped him on hitting back to the
fundamentals and with like i don't know how you train when you were growing up but i did a lot
of power lifting i did a lot of heavy squatting.
And sometimes in order to push through these weights, especially at a young age, you might
be doing it the wrong way just in order to get there.
Activating improper muscles, maybe extending your back too much.
And I just think I've naturally become unaligned over time.
And I think that the tightness has even made it even worse.
And of course, like stress and maybe flying around a lot to where I just kind of got to get realigned,
work a lot better on my breathing and maybe reintroducing a lot of these movements to where I'm back in the gym.
So I'm excited.
Like even already after the first session, like we didn't do any heavy lifting we just did a lot of breathing and resetting and already i've i felt like a lot of
the pain from my back has gone away so sometimes like you you go get a you know a herniated disc
and even he had a couple the trainer that i had and he said that you know he'd had a lot of the
fundamentals growing up that i did whereas learning all this stuff instead of having to get surgery he's like realigned his body and not had to get surgery and feeling way stronger and better in in the
meantime so i'm gonna try this see see how much it helps and like i said already through one session
it's it's been awesome that's good news we were working out growing up we were like hang cleaning yeah trying to squat as much as we could front and
back squat snatches like you had a couple different snatches but snatches like you're telling me it's
good to throw a bar with 150 pounds over my head with like in a split squat like notice they don't
do that anymore probably because it finally was realized it isn't exactly great for you i mean
maybe there's
some trainers who still say like it is but i feel like all that olympic power lifting that was so
prevalent when we were younger and in college and early parts of the pro career like guys aren't
doing that stuff now it's it's it's not necessarily all body weight stuff but it's more stuff with
like the those like power cords you know what i mean in the gym now it's stabilization yeah it's just weird it's just it used to be you gotta get explosive by you know jump squatting all
this stuff i'm not saying jump squats are bad but all the heavy weight on the shoulders and over the
head looking back i'm like that couldn't have been that ideal for me i mean look at look at me it's
not like it made me look any better i got no no legs. And if doing it, doing so properly aligned, not so focused on growing the weights as fast and throwing as much weight as possible.
He even said, he's like, you know, bench press.
You were taught to lock in and then do it.
And he's like, when are you, like, then all of a sudden everything's just all tensed up and you're not really breathing and that's not really a a natural movement that you would do and on top of that like when does that ever end up translating
over to anything hockey related like hockey you're mostly loaded in a squat position and you're doing
a lot of you know a lot of torso work a lot and you need more of that range and flexibility through
your torso as opposed to just fucking being jacked in the chest so one time we had the
um you know those boards um that you could stand on and like swivel your hips and it goes back and
forth yeah yeah yeah push up and like turn it yeah so we would have like this exercise at walter i've
talked about him ipf fitness and you'd stand on it and we'd have to swivel our hips back and forth
as hard as we could for like a minute or whatever and i was trying to make yans laugh and so i just dropped my drawers and my ass was hanging out and
walter came around the corner just booted me out of the gym so you had like the side
i went and stole like uh i i was so hungry this guy the best bars like post-workout mid-workout
bars it was like chocolate like
crunchy and i just went and took one from his locker and he like realized it and made this
ridiculous video like reenacting me like tiptoeing over and stealing the bar i think i still have the
video i'll send it to you guys funny stuff thinking about back and working out now all i
want to do is feel good for golf yeah i'm i've been on a little bit of a tear here
i've been going to the gym three to four days a week wow and i've been doing i've been doing a
circuit each like each week i i switch it up so i'll do the circuit three or four times uh it's
five exercise four times i rip through it then i do 30 minutes 30 minutes stairmaster like we're
doing like on level 17 for 30 seconds, a minute
off. I'm actually feeling good.
My shoulder was mangled. The doctor's basically
like, dude, your shoulder's so weak. That's why it's
mangled. There isn't a big injury there.
I tried doing a pull-up. Couldn't do one.
But in the past
three weeks, I'm Bennett. In the past
three weeks, I could do four
now. So my strength's coming back.
Although I'm kind of pissed off because i was
feeling great today and then i went to the cairo now i feel brutal like i i'm like why did i go i
felt so good i'm done doing that i think um all right thanks for introducing me i'm just gonna do
it myself i went to the national title game i went and it was it was a great atmosphere the
minnesota state fans were nuts. The Denver fans were nuts.
They were on opposite sides of the team's benches
to the left and right.
I had a blast.
So we're getting to the game.
There was five of us,
and we're walking through,
and kind of one kid recognized me,
and then another kid kind of,
after I took pictures,
and kind of all of a sudden,
I was getting kind of swarmed a little bit.
Not a big deal.
I'm not trying to be that guy.
You know I'm a guy with no ego. I not cocky you know i would never say this stuff
i was i was living it up i was taking pictures with everyone i was like it was kind of like a
hockey nerd fest because so many fans of different colleges go maybe hoping their team makes it or
they just go every year to the frozen four so i was having a blast so i had a beer i got a beer
and i had like a legit seven foot long slice of pizza and i'm holding it and i was having a blast so i had a beer i got a beer and i had like a legit seven foot long
slice of pizza and i'm holding it and i was talking to one kid that i just taken a picture
with and all of a sudden somebody bodied me like shoulder to shoulder there's no chance it was an
accident because the hallway was pretty open and my beer went flying in the air and i just barely
held on to the pizza i was like and, and I was pissed. I turned around.
I'm like, what the fuck?
And I look and dying laughing,
looking at me, so Ray Sherrill.
Get the fuck out of here.
He's like, oh, what's up, big boy?
Can I get you the money back?
I started dying because I was like,
Ray, I was ready to go you.
He's like, oh yeah, you wouldn't go anyone.
So we were shooting the shit.
I was like, oh, great job.
And Minnie's like, yeah, we'll see what we got.
Team looks good.
I love Flower being there.
Blah, blah, blah.
I was laughing.
I'm like, all right, Ray.
I'm like, we got to catch up.
You got to get on the show.
We got to catch up.
I'm like, shoot me a text.
You got my number?
And I'm standing next to him.
And he's like typing in R-Y.
And Ryan, when he's not popping up, I'm like, you deleted my number, you piece of shit, right?
When you traded me.
And he's like, no, no, no.
So I'm like, my number.
When he put it in his phone, wit up he's like told you i traded your ass but i didn't delete your number so it was uh it was and then after i walked away and my buddy's like who
is that i'm like oh he was the gm of pittsburgh penguins he paid for this hut there he paid for
this pizza and beer i go thanks for the deal right it was just so like he put a shoulder into me i was dying laughing yeah um but um other than that
sunday i had what what was gonna begin as like uh i don't know a couple friends coming over to
watch the masters it turned into probably 60 adults and at one point we counted there was 36
kids i got a big huge bouncy house and then and then big pig barbecue it's this local uh company
it's unreal they made i had them for wyatt's birthday party and then so i had them back they
they cook the best barbecue ever pork steak tips chicken like the list goes on and on you can order
from them and pick it up or you can have them come and cook at your house so i had him do that well the owner of um the company he wasn't here the
first time i used him but when i reordered them to come back he's a good friend with another buddy
of mine powey they're from the north shore trash buckets from the north shore massachusetts like
like granelli and where ra lived for some of his years. So these guys show up. He brought an enormous ice luge, a monster pig with a Pink Whitney logo,
the big pig logo in the middle, and this party turned into a rager.
Everyone was doing shots.
It was a blast.
My buddy Jake Tebow, the kid who got paralyzed earlier this year from Milton Academy,
he came over with his family.
We lifted him up.
Sorry, hope you don't get expelled out of school.
He was crushing Pink Whitney.
We had the time of our lives.
And unfortunately, the Masters was a really big disappointment
because I just want excitement on the back nine.
But doing shots of Pink Whitney all day was just a treat.
So the Pink Whitney actually retweeted the ice luge
because I think Big Pig put it out there.
But it was a great weekend.
I didn't watch a ton of hockey starting Saturdayurday i kind of missed saturday and most of sunday but i'm still ready to i'm still ready to
talk some uh some recent action hey the tylenol pinata with 36 kids in the house oh well they
were in the bouncy house outside it was on just chuck them in the bouncy house i didn't see right
i was like where is he hey just throw a bunch of sugar in
the middle and just let the kids go at it no it was like instead yeah it was it was like um it
was like you just throw like 17 000 bags and nerds in there so as they bounce in the bouncy house
nerds are flying everywhere kids are eating them off the ground it was just a hell of a day hey
you were talking about uh whipping your cock out in the hall in front of the kids what are you
talking about no no i was going back to what you were talking about whipping your cock out. No, in front of the kids? What are you talking about?
No, no.
I was going back to what you were talking about earlier, for fuck's sakes,
about the workout when you did the little cock wave and the trainer came
and then tossed you.
When I got booted.
Vern Fidler, he was like a prankster.
And sometimes you would round the corner and he'd be on one of those physio
balls and he'd be buck naked doing sit-ups and he'd round the
corner his hammer would just be flopping around there was always the few that would have the
cock jokes buzzing up and down but uh yeah not with the kids not we can't do that with the kids
yeah let's keep those separate i mentioned you were back home but you're gonna be back on a
plane again back to atlanta you got a bottle signing there this week i understand uh let's see tower beer wine and spirits on 2161 peabod road northeast in atlanta georgia uh let's
see at 5 p.m you're gonna have a massive crew there i would imagine i think it's the 23rd though
it's gonna be the 23rd so i just wanted to get i just wanted to give people the heads up can you
say the address again so yeah i'm gonna be there we're gonna be i believe we have the last regular season tnt game
on the 24th so on saturday the 23rd we figured hey i'm gonna be there there's you know a guy
from gallo who's pretty high up who has a buddy who owns a big liquor store great guy uh and we
figured why not just do a bottle signing anybody in the atlanta area can come if um derrick nesbitt's
not playing because they're not sure as to what their playoff schedule is,
he said he would come and join me for all the Gladiators
fans around the area. So he would come join
in and sign some bottles for
whoever showed up as well. So shout out to
Pink Whitney. We're getting into
playoffs here. This is going to be the shot
of the playoffs and we're going to be doing a
lot of that, especially when we're in NYC
to kick things off. So I just figured
I'd let people know and hopefully if you are in the atlanta area you can join us and shout out to pink whitney and ra
what's that address one more time yep saturday april 23rd at 5 p.m tower beer wine and spirits
2161 piedmont road northeast atlanta georgia go see biz get your bottle signed and whatever else
go see biz get your bottle signed i forgot two things. Go see Biz, get your bottle signed. I forgot two things from the NCAA game.
I had a couple comments on some players, but I think we're going to talk about it later.
But I wanted to shout out Joe Conley.
He had a bunch of us in his box.
He's from TerraCap.
He's an old ref.
A bunch of people from his company are big Chicklets fans.
I want to really thank him for allowing us to come into the box.
And you're drinking their beer.
You feel a little bad, but hell of a guy.
And I met a girl there. I feel brutal because i thought i wrote down her
name but i don't have it but she just graduated from river she's going to middlebury pleasure
meeting her hell of a player i guess and um my buddy asked her so do a lot of the girls on the
team listen to chick that she said the whole team does they love the show so shout out all the ladies
out there listening usually for the most part we think of guys like rick from red deer punching his steering wheel listening but we got the girls who
probably get pissed off at some of our takes as well so we appreciate all the listeners no matter
what what are we going to start calling like the female listener like lisa from london like what's
your what you usually got the good one no gertrude from Granby.
Gertrude.
That's okay.
So that's the older female demographic.
What about the currently playing hockey in college demographic?
Melissa from Moose Jaw.
That's a good one, all right. That's not a bad one.
Lisa from London was not good.
We're putting that on the shelf.
Biz, what are Canadian female names?
We know like Gord and Cam.
Canadian female names?
What are you talking about?
What are male Canadian names?
Like Gord, Cam, like fucking...
I got a Cam.
My next door neighbor is a Cam.
No, he's a Cameron.
So my father is Camille.
Camille Bissonnette.
There's a lot of men's names that are very Canadian.
Like Gord is the obvious one.
Like Cam, there's so many names.
I don't know.
A lot of them in Canada, I'd say more than the States.
I wouldn't know off the top of my head what would be a predominantly Canadian name,
but I'd be interested to hear from some of our followers on social media.
I think Gord is the number one Canadian name. He loves Gord.
This guy's all over Gord right now.
Any Gord from
America right now, tweet it RA. This is
not a Canadian name. I'm Gord and I'm
proud to be American.
Also, I know you've
said it before, but Wayne Gretzky is going to
be on our show two weeks
from today, correct, Grinnelly? I'm terrible at math
looking at the calendar. April 26th, that is correct correct we're gonna have wayne gretzky on the show we did it down atlanta
awesome stuff coming and one last thing before we get to the pucks we're having a big blowout
sale on our nbd products uh from the 12th to the 14th it's gonna be 20 off everything g
it's uh well i could talk about this well me and G did it together, but guys, great, comfy track suit.
We did a lot of research into it.
It's a quality product.
It's something that when you wash and dry, it's going to stay constructed.
Very solid, durable material.
I wore it throughout the entire ECHL player, or not.
I always go back to ECHL player relief fund.
It's because that's where you played your
best hockey no but it was part of the echl jungle series the player relief fund was what we
originally did i just can't get it out of my goddamn brain uh but the the tracksuitos are
awesome guys check them out they're on sale and we have shorts we have t-shirts as well and as i
mentioned very high quality i wear them
all the time i call them my my fart suits and i wear them to travel between here and atlanta all
the time uh farting all the way in first class and keeping it really compact until i get back
to the hotel it's all mbd merch as well biz not just a track suit so it's the rain jackets it's
the windbreakers the athletic shorts the hats it's got it all. So barstoolsports.com slash chicklets.
You can find it there, the 12th, and then it will run through the 14th, like R.A. said.
Wow.
Okay.
It's all the stuff.
All right.
Thank you for correcting me, G.
Oh, one other thing, too, is I had a pretty fun weekend.
I got to actually enjoy myself.
Went to my buddy Donnie Superstein's birthday.
I've talked about him before.
And his kid, Raffy, ended up having a birthday a couple months ago and he's a
big hockey player and i actually got eric kleinek a guy who works for the coyotes down by the locker
rooms uh he started a clothing company way back when called sauce hockey still does a bunch of
stuff in the hockey community and obviously works for bauer so i got this raffy kid some custom
twigs so he was able to bring them over. We surprised Rafi.
And then I got a text from him and the wife this morning saying he slept next to his twigs last night.
So just a hardcore hot.
That's unbelievable.
Yeah.
How old is he?
The kid is nine years old.
So it just made me feel good.
I felt like fucking Santa Claus.
But obviously, it was a big help from Eric Klein at getting those custom twigs.
I think that he's got a McDavid curve, but it's called the P-something curve, P-98.
I can't fucking remember.
P-92.
I mean, I would say ages 9 to 12 is like when you get new equipment.
It's in your bedroom.
Right when you wake up, you're grabbing it.
Gloves, skates, you're looking at them the whole time.
I remember being the age when remember when black
toques or whatever you call the bottom came back talks remember when those came back like ray bork
had them like 93 season or something but everyone had been white before and i got the black put on
when i was like 14 and just i was just looking at my skates for like days days on end and then i
realized you look way slower with the black tux it's it's a
known fact you don't want the dark so i went right back to the weight yeah this well that's what the
scouting report would be is the scouts are like ah he just looks like he's got slow boots now
i want to say jogger was the last guy to really make a push with the black tux on the graph skates
uh one of the other guys who made him famous was when Doug Waite did the blue tucks.
Yeah.
Well, that was the ode to Gretzky in Edmonton, right?
The blue.
He had the blue.
I've actually seen clips of Gretzky with the white.
You're like, oh, my God.
It's just there's a couple of random games or maybe seasons.
I should have asked him that.
What do you mean?
The whole white skate?
No, like he didn't have the black tuck or the blue tuck.
He had the white, which I didn't think he ever did in his career,
but there was a time.
Okay.
Interesting.
Off on your golden sails, you used to wear all white skates,
but they used to get nicked up.
Really?
Yeah, yeah.
When they came in the league, yeah,
because they had the same owner as the Oakland A's,
and he liked to do flashy type things.
So, yeah, they didn't last too long,
but they used to wear all white skates for a brief period of time.
I think there was a company way back when, and they might have even been the ones to create the white ones.
And you can look this up, Grinelli.
Weren't they called Kangaroos?
And they were just these leather, old baseball glove-type skates where when they got molded to your foot,
they might have weighed six pounds, but it was like wearing an ugg on your foot and
then i would say the last comfy skate to survive was the graph and i wore them growing up but after
having them wit for about six months they'd start to get a little bit waterlogged and based on soft
and and soft and if you but but i'll tell you what as far as comfort was concerned it was tough to be
and i was never able to really adjust to the newer skates because they were so hard on your foot and they would create scabs and they would
create these pressure points so that's uh and then that other company came in
those were rydell skates biz by the way rydell skates the kangaroo model okay that's wow i don't
even know what you guys are talking about i i maybe if i saw a picture but graphs were huge with the euros like
i like peter forsberg 94 lillihammer like graphs like that's what i think of like the european guys
i feel like we're bigger with the graphs don't you yeah and i wonder if maybe him switching out
of those are what messed up his ankle or maybe if his ankle was already messed up maybe why he wore
them to begin with so there was some interesting graphs and just a lot of kids that i used to play up and coming hockey with uh we used to play our
minor hockey but then i would go to this other place called iht after the season where we had
this guy named dan plesiani and he would run it with a bunch of the fathers and uh and a bunch of
other you know uh like former past coaches and it would be a lot of other former past coaches.
And it would be a lot of this European-style training.
And I noticed just so many guys from the GTHL
and other guys from the area wearing the Graf,
so I decided to make the switch.
And that's what got me into them.
On top of it, one of my best friends, Jamie Tardif,
he had them as well.
So everybody was drinking the Graf Kool-Aid
in the Niagara region at that point.
We haven't
mentioned our guest yet. We're going to be bringing on a little
later. Former Buffalo Sabres captain Craig Reve
and co-host of the After the Whistle podcast.
We've got some great shit coming from him.
Also, you boys just mentioned Pink Whitney. Well, I
was on the patio this weekend. I think it's
safe to say that spring is
here in New England, so there's no better time to grab
some Pink Whitney and a club soda,
enjoy some Rays out back.
Or a nice luge.
Or a nice luge, exactly.
Whatever you choose, enjoy the five times distilled vodka
infused with fresh pink lemonade flavor named after our boy, the Whit Dog.
We were on the road, a few of us this week.
The Chicklets grew with the Whit Dog.
Couldn't make it.
We were up in Toronto.
We launched the score.bet promotion app.
Unreal time.
Everybody who came out, thanks so much.
Toronto always showed up.
We haven't been there, what, since, what do you call it?
Muskoogan, right?
Gee, we haven't been there in, what, three, four years?
I can't remember.
Well, since right before the pandemic, about two months before the pandemic
is the last time we were up there.
We were the number two trending app in all of Canada, the score.bet.
And the only one that beat us was that Arrive Can app,
which everybody has to use to get into Canada.
So basically, we were pretty much the number one app in Canada.
So thanks to everybody who signed up, who came out, who used the app.
And Biz, how about you?
First one, boom, plus 275.
Austin Matthews to score and win.
Where'd he go?
He goes out and fucking puts up a hat trick in front of the whole crowd.
They're chanting MVP.
Awesome atmosphere.
That was good stuff, man.
Well, they were chanting MVP after the first goal,
and then they started doing it after the second goal he scored,
and then the third goal.
And then immediately right after that, my regret sank in,
saying why didn't we also have a where if he got a hat trick that night.
Now, then it got me thinking, well,
we don't want to bankrupt the score bet app just quite yet folks but thank you for riding with biz and i know a
lot of leafs fans went home happy after he tucked one and they got the w but i mean we're going to
get to the leafs a little bit later but it was great seeing everybody there it was great seeing
merles it was also nice being live for another sit down podcast although we didn't have the wit dog guys we'll i from the rumor is is alberta's getting gambling next i kind of like it so it's
these slow launches where we're able to kind of make our impact in every province so everybody
who in toronto who came out it was great seeing you uh as you mentioned already the second highest
downloaded app on uh on the app store yeah in in all of canada in all of
canada uh in all of canada yeah oh shit not just ontario fucking jesus that's a stroke off for the
boys but uh thank you and there's going to be more coming and speaking of more coming on the day this
podcast drops we got the toronto maple leafs and i'm asking the score bet app to do another for
matthews and the boys to fucking
beat on you idiot Sabres and the fans fuck you guys we're coming at you this is payback for not
only the March 2nd game but also at the Heritage Classic and all you idiots talking shit about that
blown lead in Florida I don't want to spoil that conversation yet we got a few other things to talk
about but thank you to all you Leafs fans um yeah actually I didn't know what game you wanted to
dive into first Austin Matthews I mentioned him in the intro biz he had the hat trick the next
game he went out he set the single season goal record for the Leafs with his 55th goal of the
season he broke Rick Vives record he added his 56 with the overtime game winner he's got the most
goals in a season by an American born player he beat Kevin Stevens and Jimmy Carson's record they
each had 55.
255 goals in his last 400 games.
And I'm sorry, in his first 400 games as a Leaf,
beats our Vibes record with 234.
Only seven NHLers have more goals than Austin Matthews through 400 games played.
Gretzky, Lemieux, Bossy, Hull, Ovechkin, Curry, and Team Mussolini.
And then Saturday night, he got this unreal standing ovation. He breaks the record.
Then once he goes out, two more goals he scores.
This kid is unbelievable.
First guy to have 50 and 50 since Mario back in 95, 96.
Actually, 51 and 50.
Since November 24th, he's got 51 goals.
The next guy, Kaprizov, is 36.
So he's outpaced him by 15 goals.
Only two guys have hit 60 since the cap.
Stamkos and Ovechkin.
It should be a slam dunk for Austin. He's got plenty of games left.
Come up for air.
I haven't said nothing for a little bit.
Holy shit. You can take a breath.
You hear about Biz
learning how to breathe with his new workout guy?
Gotta get off my chest.
The reason I was talking about
the whole Leafs schedule
is because I think a lot of people were distracted
by that 5-1 blown lead in Florida.
Like, who gives a fuck?
They got three or four points.
They had to play in a back-to-back against one of the best teams in the league.
Whoop-dee-shit.
They don't bat an eye.
They go into Dallas.
Austin gets another two more.
So 7-0-1 in their last eight games,
and everybody's trying to remind me of this fucking
blown lead that i'm supposed to care about when they're about to take over the top of the division
if these other teams don't wake the fuck up so leafs are absolutely leaves are pardon
they could still go on a little bit of a rip here you never know you never know the pan you think
the panthers i don't know i don't know you just said it what do you mean you don't know the panthers don't need to wake up they're not catching the panthers need to wake up? I don't know. You just said it. What do you mean you don't know?
The Panthers don't need to wake up.
They're not catching the Panthers.
You never know.
You just never know.
I do know.
Well, they're 7-0-1 in their last eight.
That's what I'm saying.
They're starting to hit their stride going into playoffs.
They look great.
They look great.
Matthews is a machine.
But if you can't at least openly admit as a fan, you're not an honest fan.
Because they have an issue with blowing big leads. They've blown more
big leads than any team in the league
since their worst
blown big lead in the history
of the game. Okay, I'll agree with that.
It's sort of an issue where
your rookie goalie who gets hurt and
Campbell has to come in, who probably wasn't ready
yet, who looked horrible.
You still got the goaltending issues. You got the
ability to score at will.
You have the second most goals in the league.
The only team with more are the Florida Panthers.
They can score with the best of them.
They have one of the greatest goal scorers to ever live.
He will go down in that, which, by the way, I want him to get 70 so bad.
He's 12 away.
He's got 10 games.
Who knows if he sits a couple games at the end of the year.
But if he gets seven in his next four or or five then you're legitimately thinking about 70 for you guys who are um curious
only eight players in the history of hockey have had 70 goals in a season and i got a quick question
i got it right here so i'm going to give you seven of the names wayne gretzky brett hull mario lemieux Mario Lemieux, Alexander Mogilny, Phil Esposito, Timu Solani is six.
Who else?
Maybe it's only seven.
Either way, do you know the guy I didn't name who has 70 in his career
in one season?
Bob Alvarez?
Nope.
I couldn't believe this is the only other guys besides the ones mentioned
who has 70 in a season.
Gardner?
Nope.
Crazy.
I don't think you'll get it.
G, you want to take a guess? Bobby Gardner? Nope. Crazy. I don't think you'll get it. G, you want to take a guess?
Bobby Orr?
Nope.
I have no idea.
Oh, go ahead.
Bernie Nichols.
What?
Bernie Nichols.
Wow.
Yes.
70 goals in 79 games in 88-89.
And the last guy who had 70 was 92-93 when Mogilny had 76
and Solani also had 76.
And Solani had 84 games
and Mogilny did it in 77.
But this Matthews,
it is the winning goal in Dallas.
It was so sick.
The way he turned up ice.
All right, three on three.
Let's just chill.
And then he whoops, gets all that speed.
And he sees Tyler Sagan,
who was just like, oh, no.
He had the graphs on.
He started skating.
He started skating forward.
He's like skating with his back to him, just trying to keep up.
And still, Matthews turns the corner, buries it.
One of the celebrations of the year, right?
Just to fuck you in the league.
He should have took a dump at center ice.
Dallas Arena.
You guys think you're going to make playoffs?
Suck on that. So it's such a treat to watch him and if he could if he can get you
know these next four or five games if he can get you know six or seven which isn't even crazy
because of the run he's on and we could try to get a run at 70 Alexander Ovechkin's never had
70 so this is just world-class goal scoring so I think one of the things you're referring to is since that Boston game
where they blew that 4-1 lead, they've done it seven times.
They've blown a 4-1 lead and lost the game.
And the closest team behind them has been four.
I think that's kind of what you were alluding to as far as blowing these big leads.
Now, I don't give a fuck because they've been on such a hot streak.
Now, they can get their retribution because i think statistically if i said that properly right now it looks like they're
either playing florida or boston in the first round now if i could get seven of those fucking
games against florida that would be an unbelievable series or tampa or tampa i think oh they still can
play tampa i don't even think they'll play Florida.
Florida's going to play the Caps because that's pretty much  actually, you know what?
Things are so wild now where Washington could catch Pittsburgh.
Pittsburgh struggled.
They're only four points behind, and they got two games in hand.
So the situations are pretty hard to really look at in the East.
They really are.
There's just so many different options still available.
But the Leafs will definitely not be playing the Panthers.
I'll say that.
Yeah. One other note on Toronto. We saw one of the softest things we've ever seen in the league not just this year any year uh patty maroon and wayne simmons chirping each other from
the benches and they got fucking tossed they get misconducts thrown out for talking chirping like
like what are we even doing here like the biggest issue i got with it is they said that the linesman
came up to him and said this isn't good for the game.
Like, the fucking linesman knows what's good for the game.
Is he also running PR for the league, too?
Are you shitting me, dude?
This is the shit that we need.
Everybody's begging for the 24-7 style microphone so we can hear everybody fuck you and each other.
And he's saying it's not good?
And I think LaRoon said, you're not even going to be in the league next year to Simmons.
It's like, what the hell would have happened if a ref heard Brad May ask me,
how am I skating around with a dump in my diaper the whole game for being so scared?
And me asking him to take his hog out of Perky's mouth or his mouth off of Perky's hog.
So it's like, what the hell?
You can't even talk shit anymore in hockey?
That is like, that is the most, I mean, what are they going to do?
Suspense Sterkin for waving goodbye to the Penguins last week?
Like, this is nuts.
I think they should actually.
Refs have no business getting involved in what players are saying to themselves
as long as there is zero sort of racism that could have ever been touched or looked at.
Do you know what I'm saying?
Yeah.
Like, there's not, like, you could say the worst thing about somebody's mother.
Dude, you're reffing the game.
You don't get penalties for talking shit.
That's not how this works.
It's none of your business.
Thank you, R.A.
Absolutely.
Biz, you mentioned you hooked up the little fellow with some sticks.
I wanted to thank you too, Bizzy Claus,
for hooking me up with some fresh kicks before our event in Toronto.
Everybody that came in line complimented me.
I was at the pharmacy picking up a script the other day.
Lady behind me is like, oh, I love your sneakers.
Where'd you get them?
So I appreciate what you did for me.
You want to fuck?
Oh, hey, now.
Yeah.
Maybe she's trying to wheel you.
Yeah, maybe.
But let me see what the old lady says.
Not my first apple.
Hey, actually, I think I fucked up here because I had it written down in my notes.
Bees or Tampa.
So I fucked up on the Florida call about the Leafs playing.
But regardless, who gives a shit?
They're buzzing.
They got Nylander pulling the rope now.
Goaltending's going to settle in.
They got enough games of four playoffs to figure that out.
And I think that it's a strong chance that Austin hits 50.
Or 70, excuse me.
Yeah, playoffs right now, it's a pick-your-poison thing.
You know, you're just going to play the schedule
because you're going to have to beat some seriously fucking good teams
to get by anyways.
But we're going to move over to your team, the Oilers.
They had a first time in Oilers history,
they had a perfect California trip, 5-0.
They beat LA Thursday, 6th Street,
wins for the first time since back in 2015.
Smitty on a tear, 6-0 and won his last seven.
Plus, he had that unreal overtime dish to McDavid versus San Jose,
one of the best assists of the year.
McDavid had a 15-game point streak, a six-game goal streak
that ended over the weekend.
Jay Woodcroft having a great year, too, as a coach, 19-7-3.
And we got to talk about the effect of Van de Koehn
since he's joined 21-9-4.
He's obviously done well for them.
But, Whitdog, the Oilers are looking good lately, buddy.
I could not be more proud of a team than I am of the Edmonton Oilers
because throughout all the hate and all the naysayers
and all the people saying you're a two-headed monster, you've got nothing else,
all they've done is come back and be one of the best teams in the league.
The best teams in the league for the last two months.
And people,
oh, their schedule's weak. They played a bunch of crappy teams. Everyone plays the same amount
of teams, okay? Everyone plays every other team in the league twice. And then your division
opponents four, whatever the times amount is. I'll say this. Since Woodcroft came over,
their five-on-five play is noticeably, I'm talking on a different level than before and Mike Smith right now is our
game one starter he looks great he's gotten into form and it's not that surprising because he
battled back from injury it's gonna take a little while he's also 40 years old or if he's not 40
he's turning 40 maybe even 41 but it took him a little while and now he's feeling it and now this
team is so confident in the way they play.
Woodcroft has a five-on-five system.
They're able to get it done.
They are easily, easily one of the top teams in the league right now.
And you can say that that's bullshit, but look at the numbers.
Look at the stats, and it's a fact.
And that Saturday night game, while I didn't watch the game,
and I don't miss Oilers games, but Saturday it was like, you know, I'm watching the Masters, then I went out to dinner, and then it's like, I can't stay up.
I cannot do it.
I was playing golf Sunday morning.
So, yes, it was Colorado-Edmonton.
How am I this big of a fan of missing the game?
Sue me.
Sue me.
I was at the frigging NCAA title game, all right?
So everyone.
So that game, they proved they can play with the top team in the league
in a shutdown affair. If that game's 6-5, it the top team in the league in a shutdown affair if that
game's 6-5 it's like all right yeah we kind of knew they could do that but they lost 2-1 they
didn't have any business doing that game Darcy Kemper put on one of the best performances in net
I've ever seen in my life the Oilers outshot them 11 to nothing in overtime which I believe is the
biggest out shooting of another team in overtime since the league ever existed. This is overtime began. Who knows what year that was?
They put on a clinic and they dominated Colorado enough where, yes, they lost the game, but they
got a point. And you're like, all right, not only is this team a completely different club,
they've they've they haven't clinched playoffs, but they're in they're in playoffs right now.
It could be L.A. I'm a little worried that Vegas is going to gun down
with the injuries in LA. It could end up being
Edmonton-Vegas. That's not ideal.
Let's leave Calgary trying to play Vegas and
having to deal with them. But no matter what,
we're going to be in the playoffs. We've got two of the best
players in the world, and we have a
goalie who's really found his
game and at no better time. And we
didn't blow a 4-1 lead lately.
We didn't deal with any of that
bullshit we don't we don't have a record bragging about no playoff win colorado but you fucking
didn't have a biz was in diapers what bragging about a regular regular season loss to the
avalanche the way to go oilers uh but no but honestly it's a tough sell uh but going back
to the goalie situation and i asked you via text and
it's been a world win over the last this last seven starts for mike smith 601 already you
mentioned on top of that you saw the assist he had in that san jose game where he headmanned it
one of the nicest assists by a goalie of all time to hit mcdavid in stride in the three on three
with the back paddle on the on the after his own save you would
you would start smitty if day one of playoffs was tomorrow yep no after set just after him getting
healthy and seeing this seven games you're willing to hand the net over when i think that koskinen's
numbers after that tip had gotten fired turned around drastically yeah i i know i'm just thinking
about both of those guys while playing way better lately smith is on a different role and smith has
taken a team that you were on which makes even more of a miracle to the western conference final
costan has never done anything in the playoffs he's never had success so i'm looking at mike
smith as a guy who's been in the playoffs, and he's found his game now.
And that game in San Jose, everyone was all over me.
Oh, they beat San Jose.
Big deal.
San Jose sucks.
Okay, well, they were on the road,
and they scored a huge shorthanded goal by Nuge to tie the game up late in the third.
And then one of the assists of the year.
To see a goalie bat the puck down after a save
and just headman it like a legit tape-to-tape Roman Yossi pass
for McDavid to bury the OT winner, it was a legit tape to tape roman yosi pass for mcdavid
to bury the ot winner it was it was a it was a sick highlight i'm gonna say that so i love where
the oilers are at i really do and what else are you supposed to say besides when it was so dark
and so ugly in january and december it's the exact opposite of that now and and kayla i don't like
the weather there yamamoto's taking some. I like this kid's game.
I think he keeps getting better.
He's not very big, but he's got some spunk to him.
He plays hard.
He plays with heart.
And he's finding his scoring touch.
So I'm looking forward to the playoffs, and I won't miss a game.
Do you think the fan base shares the same opinion as you on the goaltending situation,
or is the fan base still divided?
I think it's pretty split.
I will say, will say and you
made a comment about smitty bringing us to the western conference finals it's funny that san
jose was actually the place where he turned it around it was game two of the regular season and
i think game one or excuse me sorry it was game two but san jose was where he had the talk with
uh with berkey about how he was like oh fuck you know i had a tough start and he was
coming over from i believe it was dallas where he was with tippet initially and berkey says buddy
he's like if you want to be a starter it doesn't matter how shit you were last game you got to find
a way to erase it from your memory and and hit the ground running the next game and then all of a
sudden you just kind of saw his confidence turn and that's when he took us on his run. So who knows?
Maybe the Edmonton Oilers do have the Mike Smith of the past,
and he's finally found his game.
And if that is the case, puck playing abilities and all,
I'm even more nervous than I was last podcast, and that's creeping in.
But as far as Calgary is concerned, they're still playing some great hockey.
But I will say it is good to see this battle of Alberta
actually becoming somewhat of a battle.
The only problem is every time they play Calgary,
it completely kicks their teeth in.
So, yes, the race for my earring or your shaved stupid head is alive,
but I'm still afraid if they ever met it could get ugly.
Yeah, me too. I hope so.
That Saturday night, great tilt.
Nate going against fucking Connor in overtime.
And you see McDavid definitely at the fair with him.
They didn't call it.
And then they called McKinnon for that ticky tack slash.
He was just laughing.
They got that power play in OT.
Yeah, you alluded to Kempo with 11 saves in overtime.
Tied Mark Andre Fleury's record since 3-on-3 started back in 05-06.
A couple big games this weekend.
Boys, you know, when you've got a big game, you've got to get fired up.
Sometimes, you know, you need a little extra blast,
maybe for the Chicklets Cup, maybe for the Bay League.
That's why you've got to check out Woods Smelling Salts.
I'm going to give it a whirl right here.
Guys, this smelling salt is so good.
And if you see players in the NHL right before the game,
the trainer gives them something, whoo, they wake up.
This is what it's all about.
So, R.A.''s got it right there.
Let's see a little tryout.
You did it?
Oh, yeah.
Oh, boy.
It says six inches.
You're not supposed to eat it, all right?
Imagine how he's going to talk now.
What's that, Whit?
Imagine how you're going to talk now.
Oh, my God.
It's like six inches.
Trust me.
Don't put it right to your nose the first time.
But this stuff is awesome.
It's a bottled ammonia inhalant that gives you a powerful adrenaline rush,
and it's about five times stronger than the little ones they crack on the bench also wood smelling salts are formulated for cold conditions like the rink or
your outdoor rink or the lake or whatever give this stuff a whirl they're awesome for team use
take a bottle pass it around the whole bench can get out get a nice whack out of it like i said
the label says keep six inches away trust me you want to obey that so give woods smelling salts a
try at hockey smelling salts.com they're on sale to obey that. So give Woods Smell and Salt a try at HockeySmellandSalt.com
They're on sale right now.
I'm going to give it a whack. And if anyone
sees R.A. on Causeway
Street huffing away on one of these
things, please tweet at us and let
us know. We can go help him out.
Alright, boys, we're good to go. Let's see.
What do we have?
Oh, that stuff
gives you a nice little boost. But there was another big game i i like all right
had you ever done that uh before i mean you weren't an athlete right so had you ever had
you ever had pneumonia strip come on yeah i did it all yeah no i've done them just not
albury's not athletically just people hand them to you you just got your hands all in here there
i got a minnesota a couple people handed them to me yeah, I didn't do it on the athletic field biz,
but I definitely whacked a few back.
Okay, nice.
I'll try anything once.
You know that by now.
Another potential conference matchup,
we got Tampa versus Boston.
Man, if Tampa had been on the schneid,
they'd been playing bad,
and I think Boston brought the rest,
yeah, Boston brought out the best of them.
Vasilevsky got his game back.
Boston ended up winning the game 2-1 in OT.
Linus Almark, probably the best game as a bro and wet stopped 28 to 29 and this staff from dimitri
filipovich bergeron played 10 minutes and 46 seconds at five on five his most common opponent
was braden point one of the great players of the game shot attempts with 21 to 3 and shots on goal
were 15 to 2 in bergeron's favor like this guy I mean I know his contract is
up this year he can't retire after this year if he's playing at this level still with no way and
other people have been like you think he's going to come back to the Bruins I'm like what I I'm
surprised even hearing people question that like if Patrice Bergeron's playing I could never see
him anywhere else but as a member of the Boston Bruins and he should win the Selkie again this
year I know there's a legitimate argument for Matthews because his defensive game is actually so sick as well
and the year that um Doug Gilmore I think had 128 points or whatever it was the Maple Leafs he won
the Selkie so people are kind of discussing that but it's probably Bergeron's trophy to lose again
and anyone who is a good defensive forward unfortunately gets stuck playing in the Bergeron
era where this guy it doesn't matter who he's going against.
It doesn't matter if the player is a bigger, stronger, faster player
or maybe a little smaller and quicker like Braden Point.
He's just able to use angles and his brain to outsmart anyone.
And he wins all these face-offs,
and he just is always on the right side of the puck.
So I've been talking about him since R.A. and I were sitting on his couch
starting this podcast.
As the type of guy any girl or boy would want to look at and try to model their game after.
Because he's one of the most perfect players I've ever seen.
Because he never sacrifices any defense to produce offensively.
And then somehow he still produces.
So I think the Bruins, obviously they have a chance to to win a couple
rounds this year I can't see them winning the Stanley Cup but if it wasn't for Bergeron I would
100 be picking them to lose in the first round oh yeah right ask uh Grinelli about their second
line center he's been shouting from the mountain they couldn't do anything with their second line
center who probably has like more points than anyone else since Grinelli said that.
Kind of like your Yossi take.
Now, going back to Bergeron, I was reading this wild stat online,
and I want to say in the last 10 years,
he's been on 98 of Selke voters' ballots,
whether one, two, or three position.
Gee, you can maybe find it on Twitter,
but his reign of dominance on the defensive
side of the puck um you know playing the 200 foot game has i i don't know if there's ever in the
history of the nhl been someone as consistent as him on on as far as selkie selkie voting is
concerned like you could talk about go ahead g uh so this is from JFreshHockey. He says, fun fact, in the past 10 seasons, 1,537 Selkie ballots have been submitted.
Patrice Bergeron's name has been on 1,411 of them.
That's 91.8.
Okay, 91.
That is.
Biz, you're right.
Because if you think about great defensive forwards,
I think a lot of people think of Guy Carboneau and Bob Ganey before him.
And there's other names but nobody produced offensively like bergeron did while doing it on that side of the
puck so it's it really is one of the greatest defensive forwards to ever play the game while
also being close to a point per game so i would probably i would probably compare it in soccer
to being the best midfielder ever just how you're able to control the entire pitch right
everything kind of runs through you whether it's defensively how he's able to angle guys to certain
sides of the ice to you know limit their offensive opportunities but yeah the number one thing that
keeps sticking out is how much he limits the opposition's shot total especially the higher
skill guys when he is on the ice and how he's also able to transition into generating for them in that situation.
So, I mean, it doesn't hurt when you've got two decent line mates,
either one being Marchand most of the time, the other one being Posta,
although that hasn't really been the case in the second half of the season, correct?
It's been DeBrus the second half, and he's been unbelievable since the trade deadline,
maybe the best player in the NHL since then.
Okay, so, I mean, that's a fairly strong stroke job for the Bs that we just gave.
My right's sore.
My left's getting a little sore.
I think we can move on.
Sound like me on Jersey.
Yeah, Tampa Bay, Boston, man.
Those two always bring out the best in each other.
Biz, you just mentioned Roman Yossi, man.
This guy, unbelievable this year.
I know we've been stroking him all the time,
but he broke the team record for points in a season for the Predators.
87 points. passed. Paul
Curry is 85 back in 05-06.
The last defenseman to hit
90 points in a season, Ray Book, all the way
back in 93-94.
And the Preds are the third active franchise to
have a defenseman hold the single season point
record at some point during the team's
history. The only other two, Otto is Norm
McIvor, which is after their first season, and then Dennis
Potman for the Islanders back in the 70s a bunch of times so uh this guy again we've been talking
about him all the time and i know biz you talked uh wayne when gretzky brought up a barbier trophy
i know this is something that's been talked about most points by a defenseman seems like something
that's going to happen at some point i know we've been talking about this you know because we talked
about it even in the car last week is the the Norris trophy, is it just automatically going to guys who are putting up the most points?
I think that the Norris should be the heart trophy of defensemen
where it's just relied upon on all the situations,
whereas more there should be.
I just feel like there's so many awards that the forwards are limited to
where it's like highest point getter.
It's obviously going to be a forward every year.
You don't
oftentimes see a defenseman win the heart trophy which the reason i wanted to re-bring up back up
yosi was because i think that he has positioned himself very well to get heart consideration
i fired off a tweet the other night and and seven of these games of which are against playoff teams
And seven of these games of which are against playoff teams,
12 times this season he's had three or more points in a game.
So basically the way that they get goaltending and the way he's able to defend,
he's guaranteed his team will win in those games.
And I think two of which are against Minnesota in which he had four points each,
and that's a fucking pretty solid team. So just think what he's he's done he needs heart
consideration and of course i i am firmly believing that he is the leader of the norris which you're
not going to get colorado fans to agree with but even after the last podcast he went out had another
performance like that he is not slowing down and we still have a little bit of time here left but
guys if not for him they're not in the playoffs i don't and and and wit i know it's it might be i gotta talk i gotta talk sorry
to um i'm i'm happy gilmore and everyone out there who is um roman yi for Norris is Chubbs. Happy Gilmore's coach.
I'll start.
I'm stupid.
You're smart.
I was wrong.
You were right.
You're the best.
I'm the worst.
You're very good looking.
I'm not attractive.
And I understand I fucked up.
This is one of the greatest seasons I have ever seen
and will ever see from a defenseman.
I love Kael McCarran.
He's going to win one, and he's going to probably win two or three.
But what has happened since, basically since I said
he locked up the Norris Trophy,
has been outer-worldly production from a defenseman
who just so happens to be the best-looking guy in the NHL.
Talk about having the world by the balls, Roman Yossi.
I don't think there's ever been a player, a defenseman in the NHL
who's gotten 100 points without a forward on the team having 100 points.
Correct me if I'm wrong. I'm sure I'll hear about it.
But he's probably going to get 100 points. The pace pace he's on and I want him to get it so bad because the 90 point barrier he's
about to smash I mean what's what are we looking at 30 years since that happened and I believe
maybe that same year Leach had 100 but it's it's it's he he has to be in the MVP discussion. And I don't know how. This is such a memorable, record-breaking, unreal NHL season.
I cannot wait for playoffs.
I know this is the doldrums, the time of the year that's tough.
But what we are witnessing with Austin Matthews and Roman Yossi
and Shusterkin's frigging goals against average and save percentage.
And let's not even forget the two-headed monster in Edmonton.
And they don't even really get that much credit, I think,
just because people are so used to them being so good.
And the other guy, the fact that nobody's even talking about him,
is Crosby's on pace if he played all 82 games for about 115 points himself.
It's just we are having such a special, crazy year.
And I don't know how you're going to get down to three MVPs.
I don't.
Because fan bases are going to be furious. Because there's going to be legit three guys who could say they're
getting hosed not being on the ballot but Roman Yossi and what he's done and watching how he's
carried a team completely on his back and without him I'm going to say that he is MVP because without
him Nashville isn't even sniffing the playoffs.
They could be like 12th in the conference without this guy.
So as I said before, I apologize.
Yeah, it's incredible what he's doing right now.
Boys, I know we've been talking about team MVPs.
Well, unfortunately, the New Jersey Devils lost theirs for the year.
Jack Hughes is done for the season.
He suffered a low-grade MCL sprain from that Oliver Wallstrom hit last week.
We were all traveling and stuff last week.
We missed the PK, Subban, Oliver Wallstrom thing.
And we were like, wow, PK, you know, basically jumped them.
But we watched a clip of it.
And I know Biz, I'm not sure we agreed on the hit.
I thought Wallstrom led with the knee.
And that's what Subban saw.
That's why he went over.
And, of course, Hughes is out. So obviously it was, you know,
maybe not the best hit,
maybe the cleanest hit.
I understood the reaction from PK
and I really respect the fact
that with how his, you know,
maybe his overall game
has been on the decline.
He's been willing to step up
in situations like that
to protect the future.
Guys like Jack Hughes,
that's showing leadership.
I know he's really well liked
in that locker room.
You always see him all posted on Instagram hanging out.'s get the hang around the young bucks but as far as the hits concern he clearly goes to hit him with I believe what is his right shoulder
and then he leads with that same skate so from a body position standpoint he's going to throw a
clean hit and what I think happens with and you can correct me if I'm wrong, nowadays a lot of guys try to avoid it.
And fans, and with slowing everything down,
they don't really want to put the onus on the player who's trying to avoid it
where it's like Wallstrom had already committed to make a clean shoulder hit
in order to stay down on that leg specifically
and then lead with that shoulder to keep it down.
Him trying to move out of the way last second,
that ends up getting him in trouble,
and it just sucks.
It ends up catching him in the worst spot.
It looked like it ended up being like an MCL
where smart move, shut him down.
I also look at it like when I spoke to talk
about the situation with Stamkos
and when he coached him his first year, how although his brain was there and his dedication was there, they wanted to get him a little bit more muscular and ready for the man's game.
Where Jack Hughes is still filling out into his body.
He clearly has the dedication where he wants to create and develop more of his skill and obviously the strength and the off-ice workouts.
develop more of his skill and obviously the strength and the off ice workouts shut him down let him go get faster and stronger give him an even bigger off season to go work on that and
heal up and he's going to come back in next year and he's going to hit the ground running so
absolute no-brainer there and you know you know sometimes we expect so much of these young guys
coming out he came in as a pretty young scrawny kid whereas now he is turning
more into a man so no i don't think the hit was dirty at all i respect pk for reacting the way he
did did but no games no supplementary discipline he he didn't deserve it i couldn't agree more and
i actually i i watched the suzuki on stutzel hit It's like sometimes it's just I don't think they're leading with their knee.
They're kind of planting to hit and maybe your knee's ahead.
But I didn't think it was like a viciously dirty on-purpose hit from Wahlstrom to Hughes.
And you see your star player get injured.
Yeah, you're going to go over and do something.
But PK was probably happy he had to leave that game because there were guys in the Devils,
and they don't play again this year.
Not that PK wouldn't have done it had he known they did,
but he put a beating on a young kid who I don't think was trying to injure their best player.
That's what happens, but it was certainly like once you look at it in slow motion,
it was a little different than what I saw in real speed when you thought maybe he really did stick his knee out.
Yeah, but as we said with the Beagle incident,
you cave faces in and ask questions later.
That's kind of the mantra that we roll with around here.
Now, you just brought up the Stutzel hit.
I think we need to roll this clip
because this has drawn a lot of controversy north of the border
in some very choice words by Brendan Gallagher
in which you know these guys play against the Senators quite a bit so Grinelli roll that clip
you know what um when I was 10 years old our coach had a rule if you lay on the ice and we didn't
have trainers if the coach had to come on the ice and get you, you know, you're too hurt to play. You have to sit for minimum three shifts.
He's a great player.
Played against him for two, three years now.
More than half the games we've played against him, he's laid on the ice,
and he's right back out there next shift.
He lays on the ice.
He acts like he's hurt.
He sells a call.
He's on the ice, that same power play.
You know, there's kids watching.
We're role models.
If I was a teammate of his, I'd tell him to smarten up.
You know, it's just not a good look.
Very talented player, very good player.
He needs to stop laying on the ice. It's embarrassing.
All right.
That's pretty cool.
I mean, that's calling a guy out, man.
He was disgusted.
He gave him a little compliment at the beginning just before he ripped him
in that new asshole.
He's like, good player, but.
I went to try to dig a little bit.
I asked you, R.A., if you found any Stutzel dives.
You said you saw maybe one online that ended up kicking up a little bit I asked you RA if you found any Stutzel dives uh you said you saw maybe one online
that that ended up kicking up a little bit of dust but I mean one before this incident where
I could strongly say that he ended up clipping him here where Stutzel had every right to go down and
be injured because it did look pretty freak he ended up missing the next game as opposed to the
injury so what do you make of the overall comments and
do you think Gallagher might have been a bit out of line I don't know if you're asking me a whip
but I'll answer I mean he probably maybe laid down once or twice where you know it's not something
that's going to make a clip or a gif or whatever but I watched that hit from Suzuki man I fucking
puked when I saw the way his his knee and leg went like if there's ever a time to stay down on the ice it was that oh no i know but did you think the hit was that dirty no no oh on
suzuki no the suzuki hit on him wasn't dirty it's just the way he fucking landed like he had a reason
to stay down is what i'm saying because his knee like i thought he would have been out for fucking
five or six games but when i had to like turn away i used to love that shit when i was a kid now i
see injuries like i can't fucking them anymore. Too much ridiculousness?
Well,
but he came back and played, correct?
I dig
that game, but he missed the next game. I think he came out for another
shit, but Biz just said he missed the next game.
He actually missed that next game
because of hurt feelings, because of what Gallagher
said. It wasn't even the knee.
I just know, and I think that there's
thousands of people listening who played the game right now I just know and I think that there's thousands of people listening
who played the game right now who probably know what I'm talking about
in terms of like get up if you're not injured.
And, yeah, there's moments when you're probably scared
and you're not sure if you're injured, but just get up.
I don't necessarily agree with the way Gallagher went about calling him out,
but I do agree with the message in terms of being told when you're younger,
if you stay down, your leg, like I was told, your leg better be broken.
And if your hands hurt, you better get up because your legs are skating you off the ice.
You don't need to lay down even if your upper body's injured.
And certainly there are times when it's okay to be on the ground.
If you're injured and you need help, no doubt, stay down.
But if you're okay, get up.
And I think Gallagher is an old-school type player,
was probably told the same type thing growing up.
We had a kid on the Kings.
We won the 97 Quebec People World Championship.
This was before we won.
This kid would lay down on the ice every game.
And his dad would come on the ice.
And I remember just being like, the kid got cut at one point.
We can't keep having this.
You cannot be somebody who's known as a guy who's constantly laying down,
needing the trainers to come out and then be okay to play again.
So I'm not even saying Stutzel does that because I haven't seen enough of
his games or haven't seen enough clips,
but it seems like Gallagher's convinced having played against him that much
that he's a guy that's willing to lay down and look injured and then always be
okay.
Yeah. He's on watch now,
kind of like when Slewban was going at it early in the season
and then people were bigging up the old clips.
So from now on, Stutzel's on the ISO cam,
so all you fans that hate on the Senators,
make sure you're sending them those clips.
And if we don't see one in at least a 12-month period,
I don't know, maybe Gallagher was out of line there.
Or for some of you internet rabbit hole guys send over the videos of stutzel actually laying on the ice
now somebody else rebuttaled by saying that gallagher was being a bit of a hypocrite
and sent in a bunch of his diving videos but i will say like there there wasn't there might
have been like one that he sold of the seven that the guy put together so whoever posted that video fucking you're you're a walking l just like wit over here
i got one of the best teams in the league since like february 15th i mean walking now i'm a big
giant w like my last name begins with yeah all right gang after the last two years people are
more stressed out than ever before and it shows up in all kinds of ways.
You might get headaches.
You might grind your teeth, have some stomach issues, stressed out.
So take care of yourself, do less, and maybe try some therapy like BetterHelp.
BetterHelp is online therapy that offers video, phone,
and even live chat sessions with your therapist
so you don't have to see anyone on camera if you don't want to.
It's much more affordable than in-person therapy, and you can be matched with a therapist in under 48 hours.
Give it a try and see why over 2 million people have used BetterHelp online therapy.
This podcast is sponsored by BetterHelp and our listeners get 10 off the first month at
betterhelp.com slash chicklets. That's B-E-T-T-E-R-H-E-L-P.com slash chiclets.
Like I said, the last few years,
I've been driving a lot of people fucking crazy.
Bananas, if you're not feeling good, reach out, man.
It's a good thing.
It helps you out.
I'm totally willing to admit that I talked to somebody
and it is the best thing I've ever done.
You get things off your chest.
You get different opinions.
You get some different ways to look at things.
And it all goes back to really trusting that somebody else can help you.
And BetterHelp is unbelievable at that.
So seriously, if you're feeling stressed, if you're feeling anxious, if you're feeling like things aren't going well for you and you don't like how you're waking up and feeling in the morning, get online and get some help.
Because I will guarantee you, you won't be disappointed and you will feel
better i promise you that and that's important for everyone out there going through things that
nobody can see here here well said what all said what maybe do you hear um do you hear what the
kids are calling matthews with the gloat the gloat and and i dogged you at the beginning of the season
for saying he was the greatest leaf of all time and and I'm on board. He is. I will say, though, that Gilmore run, and they went, and Mattson Dean, they went to
the semifinals.
They won series.
So he better win the play.
He went up, better win a round, all right?
Or the gloat, the gloat, is it an acronym or nickname?
I don't even know what an acronym is.
Why did I say that?
Yeah, no, that actually is an acronym.
Yes.
I'm feeling it today.
That GLOAT acronym, if they lose again in the first round, kaputs.
Wait, do you talk to your therapist about all your horrible takes on Yossi?
Like, do you get that?
Was he the one who told you to do the comparison between Happy Gilmore and Chubbs?
Do you want to know the truth?
Yeah.
He's got a McCarr jersey hanging in his office.
So he might gas me as a client.
You're a fucking idiot.
Guys, we actually do have some gloat shirts available right now
in the Barstool store.
Of course we do.
Yeah, we got tons of playoff shirts coming,
but the gloat shirt is actually pretty sick.
All right.
I love it.
Is Marner going to get 100 points?
He's on pace, too, isn't he?
Yeah.
Oh, enough Leafs talk.
Yeah.
We got some old school Patrick division talk here.
Like we already said earlier,
Shusterkin with the all-time troll, the Penguins,
he shuts them out, gives them a little wave after.
We don't see that too often.
He only allowed four goals versus Pittsburgh in three games,
and three of those goals were power play goals.
I mean, if the Rangers drop Pittsburgh going into that first round, man,
you've got to think the Rangers are going to have the full confidence with that.
Rangers spanked Ottawa 5-1.
They moved into a temporary first-place tie with Carolina in the Metro.
Then the next day, Carolina beat Anaheim to take back sole possession
of first place.
Jordan Stahl had his first regular season hat-trick in 14 years.
His first hat-trick of any category in 10 years.
Chris Kreider, 49 goals on the year.
That's 21 more than his previous high.
25 of them on the power play.
He's got five more years left at 6.5 mil.
Unreal deal by the Rangers there to get a 50 goal.
He's going to be a 50-goal scorer soon at that price.
What did you think of the wave there, Whit?
See you later later boys.
You know,
as a Penguins guy and,
and a former Penguins player showed out Ray bodying me at the garden and spilling my beer.
I loved it.
I loved it.
And I love stuff like this because all it is,
is entertainment.
We talk about this all the time.
Yes,
it is the players lives.
It is their livelihood.
It is what they do,
but for the fans, it is true entertainment.
And when I see stuff like that happen, and I understand Penguins fans being pissed off,
and I understand Rangers fans loving it, and I also understand some Rangers fans almost like,
oh, that's bulletin board material.
Don't give them that.
Don't give them that.
Don't give Sidney Crosby that type of ammo.
I think he was actually waving at Malkin, somebody said,
waving goodbye to Geno.
But I loved it because that's what sports is all about, right?
That's the passion.
That's about beating a rival, a division rival on home ice
who you've dominated all season
and just telling them to suck it as they leave the arena.
So you saw the fans waving, but I'm not going to say as a Penguins fan,
You saw the fans waving, but I'm not going to say as a Penguins fan,
it doesn't really sit too well with me because now I know we have a reason to really hate your guts
and a reason to really be able to knock you out of the playoffs
and then wave in your face as you're shaking hands.
Bye-bye, Igor. Bye-bye.
In the line, right in his face.
Yeah, exactly.
Hey, maybe he should be paying Malkin's fine
because he ended up snapping the next game,
letting out some of that aggression from that little taunting wave.
Now, I agree from the entertainment perspective,
but if I was a New York Rangers fan, I'd be shitting bricks right now.
And as far as Igor Shosturkin, yes, he's got the Penguins balls in a mason jar.
In a vice, maybe one of those stick vices.
Any way you want.
He's got the bondage chute.
He's got the hole in the massage table with the boxing gloves on,
beating the wheels off their bag, however you want to describe it.
But like you said, the last thing that Crosby and gang need
is a little extra bulletin board material going into playoffs
if, in fact, they do play against each other,
but the way that this kid's kicking and the way that the Rangers are playing,
and I'm not even saying that the canes are playing that bad.
They might end up fucking taking that top spot.
So credit to the fucking Rangers for still pouring it on and,
and getting it done and getting some career years from some of the big boys.
Um,
as far as the canes were concerned,
I think they ended up dropping those four games
and have been 500 ever since.
Can I give a Canes take, Biz?
Yeah.
And it's not really that crazy to say
because I've seen it before
and I think I might have mentioned it before,
but they don't scare me.
They don't scare me one bit.
And I love Freddie Anderson.
I think he should be up for the Vesna, and he's had this hell of a year,
and it's not even about him.
They just don't have a superstar.
And Sebastian Ajo is a great player, but he's not a true game-breaker.
He's not a Kucherov.
He's not a Crosby.
He's not a Panarin.
He's not.
And I think Canes fans would argue that,
but I also think there's a lot of
Cain's fan out there who worry that they do not have a true game breaker and I do not see them
as true cup contenders I really don't that's why when you ask me who I'd rather play for the Leafs
I said Carolina I just and and you know more so towards the end of the season they're just they're
they're not playing as good as they were and they do rely so heavily on that team defense and not allowing goals
where they've got to focus on maybe scoring more.
So I don't know.
It's going to be interesting here.
Still a lot of hockey to be played.
I think that that playoff positioning and them battling for that top spot
in the division is going to play a lot into who I decide to end up going with in the
first round matchups now on I mean you talk about your horrible Yossi's take I might be eating my
words on the Washington Capitals I don't know how much later in the in the the outline here we have
to talk about the Washington Capitals but I had some choice words for them but they not might not
even be playing Florida first round now and I thought that they were gonna for 100 and that's when they were gonna get knocked out so uh we can save that
but we i mean i know you mentioned earlier about like uh you know sid that sid and the ovi i
wouldn't say it's the rivalry is back brewing again but and you talk about all these the heart
trophy the norris trophy race the the competitors of the league overall but Ovi just hit four fourteen hundred
points and then Sid a
couple games later like
what are the chances
these guys have been
intertwined at the hip and
they had the pressure the
entire pressure of the
hockey world on both their
shoulders coming in and
talk about how they both
delivered whether it's
coming back from injury the
way that Sid has to
elongate his career and his dedication to the game
and him becoming a better leader,
end up winning three Stanley Cups
and all the individual hardware that he's done
and along the way not really slipped up,
unless if you're counting losing in the sandbagger or slipping up.
I don't even blame him because when you're under the bright lights
like the sandbagger, sometimes that happens.
But then on top of that, Ovi, man, he's probably going to break the goal pace and didn't even look to slow down in what looks to be his last contract at the age that he's still kicking at.
So on top of these other storylines, we still got these guys where I think it was 17 years ago or 15 years ago when they entered the league.
These guys are still going at it too.
So it just kind of comes full circle, and it kind of goes back to the Washington talk
and them probably shoving it up my hoop.
I can't imagine you'll ever see two rookies come into the league the same year
and be this attached at the hip and have these type of Hall of Fame numbers.
Now, is it stupid of me to say that we'll never see a guy break the goal record
and be an all-time top five player like Sidney Crosby?
Yeah, I mean, it's obviously a reach.
But just the fact that they've done it this long together
and battled through so many different things
and somehow got their 1,400th point the same week.
I mean, Crosby got his 1,400th point in his 1,100th game.
It's just like a Cinderella story.
This kid never disappoints and
the season he's had has not really been discussed that's why i brought it up earlier ovi's got 45
goals he's gonna get 50 again he's got nine empty netters which is kind of interesting but it
doesn't really matter they don't ask how they ask how many and yeah just to clarify ovechkin became
the 21st player in nhl history to reach 1400,400 points on Wednesday, and then Sunday Sid became the 22nd to do it.
Like you said, what did it in his 1,100th
game? That was the 7th fastest
all-time in NHL history.
Jumbo Joe, the only other active player to hit that
number. Wayno hit
1,400 points in 580 games.
Of course, number one all-time.
I'm not sure what the assists were.
Back to Pittsburgh. Are they taking the
Stevie Y playbook this year,
the Stevie Sativa playbook, and just gooning everybody?
You had Crosby punch a guy.
And then, dude, I mean, Malkin, we got to talk about this.
I just checked the suspension, or I should say discipline hasn't come out yet.
Him and Borowitzki were going at it.
Absolute fucking two-hander right to the mug, bloodies him,
knocks his chicklets out.
I mean, he's got
Whoa, whoa, whoa.
No, he didn't have chiclets.
He actually cross-checked the proper area,
the one where there was nothing there.
I think he might have got a couple of fucking back moles with that one.
But either way, he's got to get at least a game
at least two games for that, man.
That's a blatant cross-check right to the head, head shot.
What do you think he's going to get for it?
Because it hasn't broken yet.
I mean, I would have said if like, if Austin got what he got,
I would say easily two games.
But he has a hearing, so they're saying potentially minimum three.
And, I mean, you play with him more than I did.
Like, Gino, like, he does have those wires can cross.
I mean, this is a guy who smashed a stick into four million pieces
in the shower after the game.
He had five assists because he didn't score.
Think about that.
So this is a snapshot.
Piz, I think you're incorrect, though, because if it's an in-person hearing,
you're given that way they can give five or more games.
But if it's just a hearing, there's no sort of minimum, like you said, minimum of three.
Oh, really?
Okay, well, I just saw a shot grab.
It allows them to give five or more.
I think he should get exactly what Matthew's got, too.
I think it was pretty similar, a vicious shot to the head.
And, you know, I will say maybe three because Darlene, he stayed in the game and played.
Borowiecki, he left the game, and he had, like, blood and dental work.
So maybe it actually will be an extra one, number three for him.
I'm surprised Borowiecki didn't beat the fucking wheels off him
because that guy can throw.
I know.
I think he can throw both ways as well.
So the fact that Malkin's alive is really the biggest surprise of all this.
So he better pray that he only gets two or three games
and doesn't get his face caved in the next time those two meet.
Yeah, he was leaking bad.
Also in the same game. Tell, tell,
you know,
this kid on fucking the Preds,
man,
legally 13th fight.
He fought Matheson.
He's second and hits in the league and also leads rookies and goals,
man.
This kid's got a hell of a call to resume.
I know the physicality might not get factored into the voting,
but I don't know.
I got to think this kid's going to get some votes with he's,
he's tough as nails.
And I love the,
it seems like an increase in toughness all around the league this year,
a lot of fights.
And,
and this kid is a future fucking banger out there it's great you know you know
who he reminds me of like probably when kachuk first stepped in maybe with a little bit more
fighting experience and a guy who's no no no matthew kachuk oh he cut he did i say did i say
you just said kachuk but we had three of them to pick from.
No, he seems like he goes to the net front and goes to the net with authority.
He can make plays.
He plays with that edge.
The minute he sees one of his teammates get hit, he's the first guy over there.
You don't see a young guy normally have that much confidence in the physicality at an early age,
even at the fact that he  I know he's a little bit of an older rookie
because he did spend a little bit of time in the minors as well, correct?
Still younger than Bunting.
Cut the fuck up.
Now, yeah, but he ain't fucking leading in scoring by three points
and more even strength points, maybe not as many goals as, you know.
I got to quickly say, though, not as many goals as, you know, but he's playing. I gotta quickly say though,
Biz, it's Tanner
Janot. You call them Taylor, so you gotta give
this guy some credit. It's Tanner Janot.
That's why I double took.
Who from Nashville is punching
the steering wheel? What do we got?
Oh, from Nashville? Nabel.
Nabel from Nashville. Nabel? What's
that? A Canadian name? No, I don't know. I just
came to my head.
Chicky from Chattanooga.
I apologize.
Think of a good one for Nashville.
You're the name guy.
What?
Nelson from Nashville, dude.
Willie?
He doesn't like Nashville.
He's a treat.
He's a throwback.
I would say that he didn't miss those 10, 15 games at the start of the year how many how many missed i would think that he would be in strong conversation
did he miss that he's got 71 games played this year oh did he maybe he just had a really slow
start then check the game logs buds um i i actually think uh one of the saves of the year
against them sunday too that saved by Jari slid across the crease,
robbed him of what should have been a backhand goal.
Six pad save.
But yeah, he is an old school throwback.
24 goals.
I think you're going to see him for a while.
And he trucked Letang in that game.
I think Letang kind of saw him coming at the last minute
and still just ran him right over.
So a big body.
I was super impressed the first time i
saw him in person at the outdoor game he had a good night apologies he only he only had one point
in his first one two three four five six seven eight nine ten eleven twelve he had one point
in his first 12 games of the season and folks you got 59 games he's got 41 points in that yeah so if not for that slow start
folks i mean there's just too many good rookies this year and i don't even think we've mentioned
it so far marit cider uh second defenseman in the last 25 years to record 40 assists or more
as a rookie defenseman the national hockey league right away, there's one guy who would be ahead of Tanner Jeannot,
just not Bunting, unfortunately.
Has Bunting scored in like a month?
No, Matthews has been doing all the scoring on that line.
So he's been picking up some assists.
Ah, this guy.
This frigging guy can always pick something.
Folks, I just want you to keep in mind, it's a tight race.
It's probably not going to be Bunting who wins it, although he gets my vote.
Four power play points of 57 points.
He's not getting power play time and still putting up those numbers.
That has to take into consideration a few years off his age before you cast your mental vote.
So we'll leave it at that.
I think we've got some more things to move on to.
Actually, I think we're going to get to our interview with Craig Ravesu.
But first, the Buffalo Sabres, they set a record this year, Biz.
How fitting.
We stroked him off last week, so I guess we've got to go back to reality.
How fitting that you morons that were all over me when they uh toronto lost to florida
on the 5-1 comeback like you were piggybacking off of all the florida panthers success and you
guys had went on a little bit of run then i played tummy sticks with you because rj you guys finally
sold out the building you couldn't sell it out to rip on eichel but you could sell it out for rj and it just so happens the following
podcast you losers set an nhl record going 11 seasons in a row without making the postseason
oh my take it away wit and folks at home take it away they still have won a playoff series
more recently than the toronto maples whoopop-dee-fucking-doo.
Whoop-dee-fucking-doo. I mean, what do you mean, whoop-dee-doo?
What would you rather?
Like the last playoff series win or the last?
12 years ago?
Holy shit.
Why don't you whip out the Pee-wee championship jacket?
Maybe your high school varsity jacket where you can live in your glory days.
Riders already wearing it.
Mush.
Wait, if I'm not mistaken, the Sabres have also been the two Stanley Cup finals since the
last Stanley Cup for the Leafs. How many did they
win? Hey, listen, like, Biz brings up
like, that tweet went crazy
viral. Like, yeah, like, they haven't made the playoffs
in 12 years. It's pathetic, but
R.A.,
unbiased, like, who,
what organization is better? Like,
the Sabres.
In the last 30 years? Like, who's better? Like, the Sabres. In the last 30 years?
Like, who's better?
Honestly.
Wait, what do you mean, who's better?
In the last 30 years, who's better, Buffalo or Toronto?
He's confused by how stupid your question was.
No, I just wasn't.
Yeah, I wasn't.
Jeez, that.
It's okay to be confused by the stupidity.
Because you either have, you know, you have Toronto making it pretty consistently,
but never doing anything.
And you have Buffalo, who had some awesome teams and went to a couple cup finals.
And also another piece of conference finals.
Hey, you know who else has sustained excellence like that?
The Buffalo Bills.
Four fucking trips to the finals.
No rings.
It's a Loserville.
They should rename Buffalo Loserville.
I'm going to win a Chicklets Cup there.
I'm going to fucking get so banged up on Pink Whitney.
And then before I leave town, I'm going to take a shitlets cup there I'm going to fucking get so banged up on Pink Whitney And then before I leave town I'm going to take a shit on Chippewa Street
And I'm going to rub
Every one of you fans knows in it
Who decides to show up and maybe fucking
Address me face to face
But you don't have the balls
I will bail out anyone
Actually I'm not going to say it
Even Craig Rive was on his heels about the Jack Eichel situation
And agreed with me on everything
I said about
how he was mistreated there and you're
going to hear that coming up even
he was put into a mental mental pretzel
and the only thing he could fucking
throw back at me was the 4 a.m. bar
tab calls it that maybe Eichel
was involved in a couple times
for personal reasons I feel like you should
respect the city that's bars are open till
4 a.m. too. I do respect it.
I do respect it so they can drink away their sorrows.
It actually matches the same amount of time the Bills went to the finals
and couldn't pull it off.
4 a.m. and four fucking Super Bowl appearances.
Bunch of losers.
Loserville.
Can't wait for Loserville, USA, R.A.
That could be trouble.
4 a.m. last call.
Oh, yeah.
I'm more worried about security.
Oh, this guy on the podcast will be the only one still out then.
Go figure.
What do you think of the Sabres, Grinnell?
I'll have my wood smelling salts with me.
Don't worry about it.
What's Grinnell think of the Sabres?
Maybe we could get a little bet going.
You could be our gambling mule to where if they don't make the playoffs for another 11 years.
Hey, take your headphones out and I'll tell them what you're going to say.
That's how well I know you.
I love the city of Buffalo. And anywhere we're going, I'm a fan of.
And thank you, everyone, for saying hi to me on the street.
Go Bills.
Go Sabres.
Go ahead, G.
I love the great people of Buffalo.
I think they're great, hardworking, blue-collar people.
But that Sabres organization is a joke.
There you go. Welcome to the show. I guess I was joke there you go i guess i was incorrect g i guess i was incorrect oh my god okay we're gonna sell out the roller division now you better
work on it you should skate that 31 miles because you're gonna have guys coming at your fucking
knees maybe i'll send uh send you over my trainer so you can work on your breathing and your balance
and and and resetting your pelvis no i'm team buffalo like i said the people
are great people hard-working people they're awesome and they work hard they know the game
of hockey but this the organization's just a joke and it's good that you guys are going to hear
firsthand from a former captain as to why you guys are such a joke so i i guess without further ado
welcome uh to the podcast craig revay and uh all you Loserville losers, kiss my ass.
All right, Biz, but first we want to let them know
that this interview was brought to you by GameTime.
GameTime is the new exclusive ticketing partner of Barstool Sports.
They're the only ticketing company that Barstool Sports uses to buy tickets,
and you've got to check them out.
It was created by fans for fans.
GameTime is a new
ticket an app that makes it easier than ever to score last minute deals on sports concerts shows
and they guarantee the lowest price if you're like me you like doing things spontaneous game
time app is awesome they crack the code on how to score deals on last minute tickets ever dreamed
of sitting behind the glass or maybe front row balcony well it's possible with the game time app
the biggest
last minute price drops can be found on the seat you thought you could never buy the purchase
process takes just two taps and 10 seconds once you buy your tickets they're delivered directly
to your phone no printer needed the app allows you to easily share tickets with friends via text
so you can get into the game seamlessly i had a couple guys hit me up on twitter this week i gave
them the code i think they got some blue jays tickets hopefully you guys into the game seamlessly. I had a couple guys hit me up on Twitter this week. I gave them the code.
I think they got some Blue Jays tickets.
Hopefully you guys enjoyed the game, didn't pay too much.
So skip the hassle and enjoy the moment.
The best part, you get 20 off your first purchase.
So download the Game Time app, go to the Account tab,
create a login, and redeem the code CHICKLETS
for 20 off your first purchase.
Terms apply.
Check this out.
Again, late, last-minute tickets.
You can't beat it. Game time.
Go check it out now. Enjoy. Greg
Rivet. Before you throw it over, I just want to
congratulate the Sabres on
playing really good towards the end to playing
yourself out of a better draft position, you
fucking idiots.
Oh, I can't wait to
fucking get to Buffalo. Fuck this guy, Buffalo.
This guy's a piece of trash.
We'd like to welcome our next guest to the show.
This fearless and rugged defenseman played 16 NHL seasons
and 19 professional seasons after Montreal took him in the third round of the 1992 draft.
After a dozen seasons with the Canadians, he he played in buffalo san jose in columbus racking
up 992 regular season and playoff games and these days you can hear him and his co-host andrew pete
is definitely not being shy with their opinions on the after the whistle podcast it's a pleasure
to welcome to the spit and chiclets podcast greg revay how's it going my friend doing great
super happy to be on with the boys.
This is like the Holy Grail.
This is the pinnacle of my broadcasting or whatever career podcast.
I mean, if we're the pinnacle, that's pathetic because we're a bunch of scrubs.
And we just finally had to get.
Not as pathetic as the Sabres, but pretty pathetic.
Hey, can we talk about this guy craig can we talk about paul busonette and just going at this fan base who's been nothing but loyal to their favorite team in the last 11 years not making
the play this idiot with the big nose gunning gunning after all of them it's it's amazing too
every day you wake up you know you grab a coffee in the
morning and uh you go on twitter you check some games and all of a sudden all this nasty just
add it just crucifying the buffalo fans i'm thinking to myself you know wow this guy i
this guy's got a set of balls on him right because don't aren't you guys doing some big ball hockey tournament here in oh yeah
buffalo i'm thinking to myself like this guy needs me right now i know the cops this guy's
gonna need a police escort i mean this is an angry city biz i don't know what you know what
you're getting yourself into i got i got a security team that's gonna be coming with me
because i know uh you buffalo sabers and the fans are used to throwing cheap shots so i'll uh you know i'll have a few
set of eyes on all the fans and uh and all the weirdos cruising around trip wash street but it's
going to be a great time and who knows maybe maybe you could uh put a team in yourself maybe a bunch
of buffalo sabers alumni could kind of come try to teach me the business and maybe represent your
team and who knows maybe you guys will be fortunate enough to teach me the business and maybe represent your team and
who knows maybe you guys will be fortunate enough to make the postseason because I know your guys
team hasn't done so well since you were captain of the team that's the last time that the Buffalo
Sabres have made captain was when you came in and you had to save the franchise well at least for
one year oh my god it it's uh it's true like the team has not made the playoffs since I retired,
and that was like, I mean, a decade plus ago.
It's ridiculous.
But it's been some tough times here in Buffalo.
There's no question about it.
I mean, this is a  you guys know how big, you know,
the Buffalo and the Sabres fans, they love hockey.
I mean, they're passionate like you wouldn't't believe we sat here, uh, this fan base
for the past 10 plus years and watch playoffs without our team in it, you know, and, uh, it's
been tough, but starting to see some signs of a turnaround here and, uh, you know, brighter,
brighter days ahead. I'm going to say, but you had a few smiles in the last few weeks. I mean,
they had a pretty nice match. You had the RJ ceremony. That was pretty awesome.
You must have been there, right?
I was not there, unfortunately.
But listen, I mean, when I'm not at the hockey rink with my boys,
those weekends are spent at the gymnastics, you know,
with my younger daughter.
But I'll tell you right now, RJ's a special guy.
If you guys had an opportunity, just be around him. You know, he's,
he is just a special, special person.
And one of the most recognizable people that will ever go down in the history
here in Buffalo. That's for sure.
Going like through this year. And obviously it's been a long time,
like you mentioned with the struggles,
but it certainly seemed like everything kind of changed.
And now, granted, these are games that are a little easier to play when you're out of it.
But when Eichel came back and the team got the win and the crowd was going nuts, like that kind of did get this group a little bit even more together.
And all of a sudden they're firing all cylinders.
Like, would you say that might have been kind of a rallying cry for the team?
And all of a sudden they're firing all cylinders. Like, would you say that might've been kind of a rallying cry for the team?
Well, I think it was certainly a game that was circled, circled on the calendar.
That's for sure.
You know, Eichel was basically the face of the franchise since he came here, you know,
six, seven years ago.
He was supposed to be the savior, right?
And that was a game that was certainly circled
but the team struggled at the start of the year there's no question about it and then
a couple weeks before the vegas game they had a couple games against the maple leaves okay
maple leaves come in here and they are literally the most obnoxious I call them obnoxious because you know
like they come in the worst they the entire Toronto fan base shows up into Buffalo every
single year and they spank the Sabres around something fierce and it's been going on for years but somehow this god-awful team that was not playing real well put a game together and beat the beat
the Toronto Maple Leafs five to one and that was I think right at the beginning of March and it was
like one of those moments where it's like wow holy jumping that was a great game and they built
off that because they played toronto at the heritage classic a couple weeks later and everybody's
thinking the maple leaves are gonna murder the sabers and uh we all know what happened in that
game another another strong showing and it just uh it's been building here in, in Buffalo the last month and a half.
Great. Go, go back to Jack for a sec.
What exactly did that relationship start to fray? Like when,
when did it start to go wrong?
Well, you know, Jack came here as a young guy. He came here larger than life.
Uh, it was him and McDavid, two of the best, you know,
players that have been drafted, you know, one and two in a very long time.
You know, he was a guy that was supposed to be the savior of this city.
And this team was not managed properly.
I mean, Jack is one player.
He's an elite player. I've said, he's been one of the,
one of the best players in the world, top,
a top 10 15 player in the world for a long time,
but he was not supported with the right players. He was not,
there was not the right guidance, you know, when, you know, GM wise, coaching wise and player personnel that got brought in was not the right group.
When you say the circled on the calendar, do you mean for like the fans or do you mean for even like the players and ownership or whatever like that?
Because I feel like, like the players that are currently there, at least most of them didn't really have a hand in how all this went down and how frustrated that Jack became
with management.
And I mean, I'll even date it back to the Ryan O'Reilly trade.
That was horrible.
You guys took a massive L there.
And at that point, you've got to think he's thinking like,
man, I've been fairly patient so far.
Then all of a sudden, they're going to trade away our best player
for a bunch of guys who haven't you know didn't end up sticking around and i think he had a right to start to get frustrated
and maybe some of the body language that was pouring over that fans became frustrated with
i mean he had a right to be frustrated he did he did i i think early on you know, Jack and his body language, he was an 18-year-old kid.
He didn't know how to deal with the media.
I don't think Jack was used to losing.
He was a Boston kid, grew up, and just shredded the game of hockey.
You know, he was a super high-end talent, always playing up levels,
always being basically one of the top kids of the
entire age group. And what happens is over time, you guys know this, you guys have played on bad
teams and you've played on great teams and, you know, great teams, good teams find ways to win.
They usually have veteran leadership, all this kind of stuff well jack was not surrounded with the right group
okay he needed help himself um and you know when you when you watch every single year you're
in last place or third you know worst team in the league it starts to wear on your psyche every year
you're told by the management go home work hard work hard, be prepared for the next season.
And the next season rolls into another season and another season.
Then you have Jack Eichel that watches Ryan O'Reilly get traded
for basically nothing.
He goes to St. Louis.
He wins the Con cons Smythe.
He wins the Selkie trophy and a Stanley cup in one year.
I I'm sure that Jack is sitting there going, what the hell just happened?
That program.
Yeah.
I want that program.
And, you know, I think Jack gave it a couple more years and then it was just like, you
know what, five years in things deteriorated and he was just like, I'm done.
I need to be moved.
So, so in those two years,
did you personally see any changes that would have, would have maybe,
you know,
had a change of effect on him and maybe the way that he felt the board or
the organization,
or are you in full agreement that at that point you're like, yeah,
even me as a player with what he was providing to the organization i would have been at at wit's end with it i mean five years listen
i'm i'm vocal on on some personal reasons okay what i say about jack is is uh things that I have witnessed, okay, things that I have heard, this is a small city. I know all different
kinds of people in the city. And there's all, you know, I certainly have my opinion, but my opinions
are based on on personal opinions. And, you know, I, like, if we want to get into the Jack Eichel thing,
you know, we can, we can do that. But, um, for me, it's like, I look at Jack and he's,
he's five years into losing. And I, and I don't think that Jack felt that, uh, he saw a quick
end in sight and just needed to change. And don't blame him i don't blame him whatsoever
he went through what three three coaches three gms it was just it was not not done properly do
you think the response was fair uh from the crowd on that date that was circled on the calendar for
when they came back like do you think that what what he'd personally done for the organization that these he deserved the first sellout of the season or close to it
and then for no it was the first sellout of the season this has been the lowest attendance in
the league because the fans here are pissed off they're they're fed up you know the fans for the
first time in in a very long time in a big market like Buffalo
that sells out every single game, they're pissed off. They're like, screw it.
We're not going to games anymore. We're going to, we're going to show this,
this organization that we're not going to put up with this anymore.
And I don't disagree with them, be honest with you. But you know,
with Kevin Adams coming in, there has been changes. There has been changes.
He's done it the right way
i you know the fan base here is starting to see um you know the the team evolve and and and that's a
that's a positive thing but you know going back to jack you know i don't i don't blame uh you know
the night uh i think jack honestly thought that he was going to get a standing ovation.
You know, he put a lot into this, you know, his game there.
I don't think there was too many nights when you can actually sit there and
say that Jack did not give everything to this team.
And I think that he was actually very surprised that the fans were booing
him. And I think that hurt. I think he was shocked. I think he was hurt.
And I think there's also some, uh, some media members that, uh,
that push Jack's buttons. And he,
I think Jack at times struggles with, uh, his emotions on how to,
how to deal with it.
So coming off a loss in the return, when you're, when you're thinking, yeah,
everyone's kind of going to be like, thanks for what you tried to do here.
All of a sudden he's getting the booze, they lose and he's and that's and that's what that's what kind of spurred those comments that I'm not going to say I know for a fact, but I'm guessing he regrets it a little bit.
Right. I mean, he's made a complete enemy out of the entire city now, whereas if he had just said like, hey, I've moved on, it would be a little different.
of the entire city now whereas if he had just said like hey i've moved on it would be a little different yeah well listen i mean that that's that's life in general right right we make uh
listen i made a shit ton of bad decisions in my career and we've got much time you got
we'll get to those in the second part yeah right um you know i think i think jack looking back would have would
have really liked to choose words a little differently i think it's i think there was
just so much emotion i think jack wanted to come back here i think he wanted to perform well i
think he wanted to win for his team um and it was just an emotional roller coaster he gets traded
for peyton krebs he scores the goal. It's 20 year old kid. Okay.
Then all of a sudden you have Alex talk who comes in and scores the, uh,
the, the, the third goal to make it three, one. And, um, you know,
I think Jack is, was, was pissed off. He's, he's a competitor.
There's no question about it. He's a very, very competitive kid,
but at the same time,
Jack over the course of his time here in Buffalo watched him countless time
deal with, you know, the emotional side of things.
He's a very emotional player. He's an emotional guy when he,
when he talks after games.
And I think sometimes he just gets himself in a little bit of trouble.
Right.
What was the reason for the team?
Just not let him get the surgery he preferred.
Like, was it loyalty to the doctors?
Like, was it an ego thing?
Why did they just let him get it?
I don't know.
That's, uh, I can't answer that question, but I'll, I'll tell you this.
Um, I think the, you know, when you look at it as former players that have played in the
game, you know, I, I think Jack did the right thing.
Okay.
I'll tell anybody that I think Jack did the right thing.
I think us players, no, one's going to tell us what to do with our body because we're
the ones that are going to have to deal with the shit after we're, we're done the game.
I mean, we've all been through this.
We all have issues, you know, like it, uh, you game i mean we've all been through this we all have issues you know like
it uh you think that once we play all this time in the nhl and how demanding it is on your body
that all of a sudden you just finish the game and everything's fine no there's multiple surgeries
that follow you know i just had a surgery on my knee three and a half months ago just to
continue to clean it up. I always have issues.
And you've got to take care of yourself.
I think Jack did the right thing by holding out.
It probably went longer than expected
because Jack's making 10 million a year
and there's only a certain amount of teams
that can fit him under their cap, right?
The brightest spot for me in the
sabers this year no doubt has been tage thompson and i see this kid he's enormous his shot is one
of the best shots in the league like are we looking at a future guy 30 to 40 goal score like
this doesn't seem like a flash in the pan to you and i know you mentioned that they didn't get much
in return but wasn't he part of that deal uh the o'reilly deal he was
he was and and but at the time it wasn't it didn't well listen i mean when you go back to the trade
and you're looking like we ended up getting four players in the trade one guy quit halfway
throughout the season and says i i hate this team so much that i'm quitting and leaving like
an insane amount of money on the table. And there was a few
other players that were just like, you know, lower end third line guys. And then Tage Thompson at the
time was a first round draft pick. But after half a season in Buffalo, they ended up sending him
down to the minors because he was just struggling so much and this is the first year that we've actually seen tage thompson come to life i mean he's 24 years
old it's he's six foot seven he's 220 pounds you know he it's taken this guy he looked like bambi
when he was 20 years old he was just very thin, just needed to grow into his body a little bit more.
But, you know, you watch him.
He's got great hands.
He's got a great shot.
And the interesting part about it is he was put at center this year.
I mean, hasn't played center.
I can't even tell you how long.
And Don Granato just said, said we're gonna try this guy at
center and it's it's worked out very well for the team you just mentioned don like obviously he's
you know he's done a good job of getting this group to play for each other you know you get
videos of him talking either before or after the game and um like what other reason would you would
you uh credit this turnaround i mean obviously tuck coming in being fairly somewhat of a hometown
guy like what are what are the things are you seeing where you could see some positivity you credit this turnaround i mean obviously tuck coming in being fairly somewhat of a hometown guy
like what are what are the things are you seeing where you could see some positivity
actually going forward past this season not just the end of the year and the in the doldrums of
before playoffs and yeah kind of doing what edmonton and wit did for all those years yeah
i mean i think the first and foremost you're looking at a group of players. A lot of them are really young.
Okay.
They don't even, they don't even know what the hell's going on in the league.
Like Peyton Krebs is just, you know, he's made the, the sapers.
He's happy to be here.
Dylan cousins is only a year and a half into his, uh, you know, playing career.
And there's, you can just go on and on and on Ms.
Samuelson, uh, you know, Rasmus Dahlien, there's a young group.
Okay.
My biggest thing is this group wants to be a Buffalo Sabres.
They want to play in Buffalo.
Alex Tuck grew up when he was a kid in Western New York and Syracuse.
And he loved nothing more than to come with his dad
to buffalo and watch the buffalo sabers play and now you have a guy that's out in vegas who's a
complete rock star signs a great contract it's it's a beautiful place to live and then he gets
traded to literally the worst team in the league in the last 10 years and he loves it he loves
being a buffalo saber and i think that is the transition jack loved buffalo at the beginning
jack through the middle through the end was like get me the hell out of here and he just needed
a change it was the same as rasmus uh wristelainen it was the same as Sam Reinhardt look what he's doing in Florida right now
I mean there just was so much losing with the old group and they're great players but they needed
a complete overall they needed a complete change and now they've got this young group that every single guy
loves to play here so before i i'm excited to get into your career and hear your backstory but the
last sabers question i have and being a former defenseman yourself this ross miss dalene like
what do we have here because there's glimpses of brilliance and then there's glimpses of like
i don't know he's not too interested defensively.
He's really risky with the puck.
Like, what do you think that, not necessarily the ceiling is,
but what's your guess of what they have as a future player here?
Is this the number one D-man?
Well, you know, Witt, I'm going to tell you this.
If you've watched him, you probably have a better idea
because you are more of that style of defenseman,
more of an offensive guy.
A liability? Yeah. You got there before I did. Yeah. idea because you were more of that style of defenseman more of an offensive guy and a liability
yeah you got there before i did yeah listen i mean um there are there are glimpses of like
holy shit and then there's glimpses of holy shit that was terrible um but what's happening right now is there he's really started to come on this year in particular.
Um, he had a few, uh, um, outings at the start of the year that defensively, he just, you know,
was starting to struggle, um, you know, his awareness in his zone. They've done a lot of
work with him. They understand that his, his mindset offensively is super elite. Like I'm, I mean,
watching him move the puck out of the zone and his skillset is absolutely
ridiculous. His offensive abilities are there, but he, we,
I think the Sabres are looking at him. Like, do we want to,
a second pairing guy that we're going to pay play 19 minutes a night?
Or is this a guy that's going to be a 25 minute a night guy and we can play him in all situations?
I think he's going to be kind of like a hybrid in between.
I'm not sure that he's going to be a guy that's going to be on the penalty kill.
Maybe like a Klingberg.
Yeah, absolutely.
Like he's going to be a guy that eats tons of minutes he's
gonna play against other teams top lines it's gonna be on the power play but when it comes to
penalty killing they're gonna leave that to probably owen power who recently just signed
with the sabers uh just you know a couple hours ago you know know, and then Matias Samuelson, this kid just came in this year and he is an absolute stud.
If you tell him the Venmo Grinelli, a few bucks, he costs them a couple
of hundred dollars on that Michigan game.
All those, all those high-end prospects, guys getting paid under the table.
Couldn't pull one out in the semifinals against Denver.
Now you mentioned the last question about the savers.
I'm actually happy that they're starting to turn things around because it's
time that they eventually at some point make playoffs.
And I'm hoping it's the next few years with this nice young crop.
I just want to ask you quickly about the pagulas was part of the issue,
maybe too much control from ownership.
When we all know that,
you know,
although these people have a talking about stacks,
they got a fucking stack Grinnelli.
And sometimes,
you know,
people who have had that much success in all businesses,
they want a little bit more control when in reality,
they don't really know anything about the business.
I know you personally, I think had a bit of a muzzle on you,
or they tried to put one on you based on your old radio show,
maybe a podcast. And you had to leave that.
Was that a major part of the problem?
Is that kind of not happening as
much anymore and will that lead to more success for the sabers well they're they're certainly
involved there there's some good i i think there's some good and bad um one being you know they've
got boatloads of money and they're going to put it into the team they you know when i even 10 years ago when when they um purchased the team or a
little bit longer they put a lot of money into the resources and making the um the key bank
you know where the the players are and the training facilities and everything like that
it is state of the art it is unbelievable um and they wanted to put money into this team they have certainly
not been shy to pay guys you know jack uh right away uh you know when he was done his uh entry
level deal they gave him 80 million dollars he was one of the highest paid guys in the league
they're not afraid uh you know look at jeff skinner he's reaping the benefits of uh nice
40 goal season now he's making nine schmilly and not quite sure, you know,
he's a 9 million guy,
but they have not shied away to give the resources and pay the money out for
the players. I just, for me, I'm not in the boardrooms.
I'm not there, but I just think that they need to give more.
They need to stay out of it more.
They just need to allow the guys that they have hired,
guys like Kevin Adams.
He's a really, really smart guy.
I know he's very early in his GMing, but this guy knows the league.
He knows a lot of people in the league.
He's very well respected.
He's got a a great
mindset for hockey now they just need to step back and let uh let these guys do their jobs
is it safe to say tuck will be the captain next year um he is certainly one that uh that i mean
he has been a a complete shining star since he's come here.
And it's just the positivity for the fan base.
They're looking at players that actually you can feel that they want to be here.
And Tuck, who just lives up a couple hours up the road, his hometown,
he was a huge Buffalo Sabres fan.
And what you see in him and the maturity in him. And, you know, he's only 24 or 25 years old,
but he's actually still one of the older guys on the team right now because
it's so young.
I would not be surprised at all if Alex Tuck was named the captain of this
team, but you certainly have to,
you can't overlook guys like Kyle Aposo and even as Zemgus Gergensen,
two guys that have been here for a while.
Gergensen has been here for,
since he was drafted and they got a real nice leadership group right now.
All right. I think we should dive into your career.
Like we like to do it, I guess. Yeah. Now I mentioned in your intro,
you are a rugged guy. I like to fight pretty fearless now we as a young
kid playing did you always have that snarl or was it something that you needed to get pushed into
you or kind of taught or you always kind of a mean player well i uh i was not uh i you know i was
always a physical guy i never shied away from physical stuff when i was younger but uh to be
honest with you i was actually considered an offensive defenseman when i was younger and i
you probably heard that a thousand times from every single yeah but that's if you get 25 points
back then you're an offensive defense yeah well things have changed a bit when you're a peewee
yeah like when i was when i was a kid and uh growing and growing up and even into junior hockey,
I was more touted as an offensive power play specialist.
And when I got drafted, I got drafted to the Montreal Canadiens in the third round.
And that year, our first rounder was a right-handed defenseman from the Western hockey league.
His name was Dave Wilkie guy,
an absolute scud missile as a shot.
And as much as I had some pretty good points, uh, my year,
I had 19 goals and 74 points in junior that year,
thinking that I was pretty good. He had 38 goals,
84 points in the Western hockey league.
So he was tearing it up out there as a power play guy. So when we got to the minors,
they basically, they, you know, they gave all the power play to, to Dave, which, uh, you know,
he deserved it. He was, he was, uh, he was a pretty special talent and uh you know i kind of started
to forge a little bit more aggression into my game and to make a long story short at the end
of my first year pro sat down with the gm and the coach and they said we have two things for you
they said number one we want you to take boxing boxing lessons this year this summer
and i said yeah i can do that it's good training and then they said number two we want you to have
minimum 200 penalty minutes next year oh geez okay so i just came off a year my first year in the minors i had 32 points and 125 pims or
something like that and i was thinking that was a pretty good year points wise and and penalty
minute wise i was fighting more and uh yeah that that was that's literally the only thing they said
to me boxing lessons and next year you have to have minimum 200 million minutes in the minors
was there any type of pushback did you feel that you sacrificed maybe your offensive game for that
but then when you look back you're like maybe they knew what the fuck they were talking about
considering you played over 900 games yeah i mean i think um i think i didn't like hearing it
but uh you know i phoned my dad right away and i told him what he said and he's
like well you better get home because we've got some boxing to do and i was like that's it that's
all you're gonna say he's like well you you got the boss yeah you got to do it get get home right
away and let's let's get going and listen i mean i uh I never, I never shied away.
And I, and I kind of started to look around and, and a lot of young kids nowadays, they
look at things and they're like, if, if they're not told exactly what they want to hear, they
pout and they do the whole shoot match.
I was like, I don't give a shit how I get there, man.
I will do, I will pack sticks.
I will listen.
You tell me what to do.
I will do it.
Because what I did watch in my first year
is I watched multiple guys get called up
that easily could have played in the NHL,
but they got sent down.
And I watched all of these guys have terrible attitudes.
And I said to myself, even as a young guy, when I was 20, I said,
I'm not going to do that.
So, you know, my game changed.
I get called up to the NHL.
I'm fighting guys that are like way tougher than me.
And it's like, they're way bigger and I'm just trying to survive.
And I'm just like, I got to do this and, and just try and get my foot in the door. You know,
I'm so interested in, in so many different assets, like parts of your career.
And in starting in Montreal, like 95, 96,
I think it was your second year pro I'm looking or maybe third, but you're,
you played 20 games, right? That was the year Patrick Wall got traded.
Like, were you up when that happened
were you in Fredericton like what are your memories of that and so I got sent down right
like right before that okay okay so I guess you weren't you weren't there when it went down but
the interesting part of it was how he walked on the bench and he said to the owner that was the
last game I'll ever play how weird was it when that there was no glass behind the bench then
like playing with the owner sitting there just like could listen to every word the coach said?
Like, did the players kind of feel weird about that?
Or was it just normal then?
Well, that's the thing.
The biggest of bigwigs all sat right behind the who's who of Montreal.
And that was the old forum back then, right?
That was like, I mean, there's ghosts and goblins in that building there.
That's, it was pretty impressive.
But, you know, thinking back to that, you know, with with my short stint that I had with Patrick Waugh, he was I mean, he was a scary, scary guy to be around.
You know, my my first year when I got called up in my very first first game i was in uh saint john's newfoundland playing in a playoff
game got the call went down um pauline bordolo was our coach he's like uh ribs you got called up
i'm like great so i get that they're like we can't get you a plane ticket so you're gonna sit in the
cockpit so i sat in the cockpit between the two pilots talked the whole way
they picked me up at the airport they take me to the rink i walk in and the entire team is all
dressed in their skates up to their pants like they're ready to go out for warm-up and i'm going
around and sweating all over myself anyway i play that first game the second game
i show up to the rink i'm there by myself and patrick waugh had his glove his blocker and his
helmet laid in front of his stall so i'm looking around no one's in the room so i take the glove and i
block her and i'm like got it on i'm doing like the like seeing how heavy it is and i'm squeezing
i'm like oh my god this is absolutely insane two seconds later he goes hey you like what you see
you like that they feel good i'm like oh oh oh sorry sorry
he's like no no no try it keep keep uh do what you got to do and i'm like oh this is great and
so eventually i give them back and he puts them back down and he looks at me goes don't ever
fucking touch my stuff again i've never said a word to him i've never talked to him
i've even though i played the game the day before back of the car ever not not go back down
i i've never been more ill being out of rank in my entire life because i just i was like i'm done
i'm done i touched the god stuff and I shouldn't be touching this stuff, but
would, uh, we talked about the fisticuffs already. I would say probably your most wild one online is
the one between you and Brian Marchment was, is that the one that you look back on and you're
like, fucking rights. That's a, that's a fighting clip. Yeah. Um, you know, everybody knew Brian Marchment as, as being one of the most physical, nasty, dirty players in the league.
And you know, he, he was, he was a nightmare.
He was a nightmare to play against. He was scary as shit, you know,
because he's fought all the toughest guys in the league. And,
and for me at that point I remember playing playing in toronto and i'm i'm a i'm
from north bay so i'm like three hours straight north of toronto i've got people there i've got
i know every single one of my buddies at home is glued to the tv and they're gonna critique every
freaking bad play i make and uh i get into a pile into a scrum just like i was just going in there to kind of help
out no real urgency or anything but there's some chirping back and forth and all of a sudden bam
i just got suckered busted my nose so i go to the box with marchment and i'm sitting there bleeding
like a stuck pig and i was thinking to myself like i i can't i can't let him i can't let
him do that you know like so we ended up going soon as we got out of the box and i was just
thinking to my i was scared as shit you know this guy's as tough as nails you know the old grizzle
vet and you know we just kind of threw down and um did what we had to do and it was a great fight and and and the amazing thing the best part about
that that game that fight was ty domey in the next period came up to me and he goes
what a great fight you're a tough kid and i'm thinking to myself thank you so much sir thank
you you know but uh yeah it was it was uh it. But yeah, it was a good fight.
It was a good fight.
Did you line that one up in the penalty box?
Were you mad about how he bopped you?
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
So you're like, hey, fuck you.
We're going here?
Absolutely, yeah.
You know the way it goes.
And the waiting.
You get a little nervous, too.
Well, that's the thing.
I am freaking my nose was all bleeding and everything.
And I was absolutely lost. My marble's in the box. I'm like, we're fucking going. that's the thing i have friggin my nose was all bleeding and everything and uh you know i was
absolutely i lost my marbles in the box i'm like we're fucking going this and then all of a sudden
now i'm sitting in a box for not five minutes it's like you know you know the the two minutes
that i sat in there felt like 10 minutes because i just asked brian marchment to fight and i was
like that's not a good idea you just screwed up the only other scrap i want to ask you about is the wrestling that was going on between you and saku at the
hotel is that uh that was one that terry ryan told me to tee up for shit man i was hoping i yeah
saku's gonna kill me like he's a pretty quiet guy eh and uh we were gonna take that one to our graves. But then I got into radio.
Sorry, Zach.
You got to kill some air.
I need a story.
Listen, I mean, Zach and I were roommates for many, many years together,
just like brothers.
We came in when we were kids.
And this is when we were pretty old were pretty pretty old at the time to
be honest with you but we had a playoff game in carolina i think it was uh game number three if
or actually could have been game one or two i don't even know game number two um we went for
the morning skate went back to the hotel, you know, the way it goes,
the pregame meal, that's you live for that just crushed everything. And, uh, right away, we're,
we're upstairs. We're in Carolina. You remember the hotel where you had, uh, the bedrooms at one
end and you had the, the couches and, and, uh, and the other other end so we had our system been doing this a long time
together you know i always dressed in in the bedrooms and hung my suit and stuff there he was
in the far room and we could see each other talking to each other and we're you know good 20 feet away
and in the middle of all of that middle of the two rooms was obviously the washer
so you know after pre-game meal you know
you got to do you got to do your business right so here's the thing we're talking back and forth
we're both we're both cock and balls nothing on and all of a sudden i see this little guy
his light bulb clicks on and he knows exactly what we're both thinking the same thing we both got to hang our our dump before
we go to yeah go to for a nap and he starts to sprint and i'm going to tell you this he starts
sprinting down the hallway and i just i gave it my best and he beat me as he turned the corner
of the bathroom and i absolutely fucking blew him up like i mean one of the best
hits i've made all year in that season and obliterated him into the toilet into the toilet
pool now all of a sudden we're both standing there naked he's the water is shooting to the ceiling, man. There's water pouring out.
I mean, it is pouring out of our room.
And I don't like, I'm not a, I'm not a wizard on, you know, how to turn off the water and
shit.
So he looks at me and says, go and phone Ryan Ben, who was our trainer at the time.
And I said, I'm not phoning you phone Ryan Ben.
So he ends up leaving the bathroom and starts to walk and turn the corner.
And soon as he turned, you couldn't even see his ass.
His ass was covered in blood.
Like it was like, I'm not talking a little stream of blood, his entire ass.
You could not see because it was that bloody.
ass you could not see because it was that bloody so now i grab one of the white towels from the bathroom and i wipe his back and his ass and he's got a slit that is like i mean i i just about
threw up because he was kind of like bending over a little bit and it was like the thing was opening
up it was super deep super long because one of
the porcelain things cut his back so we get the trainer upstairs ryan ben he turns off all the
water because the entire room is completely flooded with no joke probably two inches of
water oh my god he says to saku we got to take you to the hospital right away so he take they go to the hospital
I I have to move rooms because the room's flooded it's now three o'clock and I usually leave to go
to the rink at four so I'm packing up all Saku stuff, all my stuff, moving to another room.
And, you know, now I'm sitting on the bus and our rule for the playoffs was everybody's going to ride together.
So I'm thinking to myself, Saku's not back yet.
Saku's not back yet.
So the coach yells up and says, is everybody here? And I was like, no, Saku's not back yet so the coach yells up and says is everybody here and i was like no saku's not here we leave we get to the rink saku's sitting on one of the tables and if you remember
in carolina there's the medical room and then the far room you have where the guys get dressed so i let
all of the guys go to the far room i go to saku said buddy how are you he goes i can't bend over
can't touch my toes he goes i have like i can't even i have like 30 or 40 stitches in the inside and and stitched it up nobody knew about this nobody
knew about this he finished he played the game that night he couldn't even move okay and i i
think he was one of the top scorers in the playoffs at that point and we and he didn't play a couple games
after that and we lost the next three games and got knocked out by carolina who went on to win
the stanley cup if that would have got out you probably would have been hung at the cross
100 100 that was terry in the coach uh listen i had like nine coaches in the game notes check the game notes had every french
coach come through that uh that uh city so so like what was there like was he pissed off was
it was something you guys just kind of laughed about like you know what it it's something that
uh was pretty serious like you have to understand the city of Montreal and,
and what hockey means to the city and how that would have gone over.
If it would have gone out it would have not been good for either Saku or
myself or the metal school staff or anybody, right.
Trying to cover it up.
But we walked away from that and we said nothing i i mean i went um i went probably
a good uh eight years without ever talking about it again and then you know andrew peters and i uh
doing uh i i told that story uh you know a couple years ago on our on our uh radio show and uh yeah i mean some some of the things uh that we uh stupid
shit that we did when we were uh that we were playing you you shoved to the back of your mind
and that was one of them but holy shit that one took a turn for the worse i thought it was going
to be more of a fun story oh it wasn't until the blood and the toilet water was fucking well listen i mean their their core
you you gotta understand like we you know we're playing a montreal you guys know this i mean
your kids like you're you're you're you know i was i think i was 28 29 30 year old at at the time
we would get into uh the room with saku and i And I always have the bed that's closest to the window.
That's closest to the drapes.
He knows this.
He knows this.
We've been doing this for years.
But this all of a sudden now, this one trip, he's going to decide he's going to take the fucking one by the window.
No.
So we literally got in a fight.
We were supposed to go to dinner. We got in a fight. were supposed to go to dinner we got in a fight i got
him in a headlock okay this is after i'm not kidding you this is shit going down we're still
in our suits and i i put him in a death lock and we both fell between the wall and the bed that was
only about half a foot.
And I had them there for 45 minutes in a headlock and you wouldn't give like,
this is like the shit that you're that, you know, like thinking back, like what the hell is like two kids, you know, in a, in a play pen,
but he's a great guy. I mean, he is the ultimate word.
When he got to the rank completely completely different
guy great i want to go back to you mentioned the french coaches in montreal we've talked about on
the show a bunch like are you surprised they still essentially like reduce their potential
pool of coaches by only getting a french guy you know the the the french um language and um you know if
you're in montreal it's it's it's english okay if you move 10 minutes outside of mont, um, that they do not want to speak English. And if you, if you go 30 minutes,
40 minutes outside Montreal, they don't speak English. They don't speak English at all.
It's only French. Um, and it's, you know, I think it's something that, uh, they want to,
they want to continue their culture. Um, you know, Montreal is, is literally is literally um one of the greatest cities in in north america
to go there you know you hit old montreal and the cobblestone streets and you know it's it's a
special city but yes i mean they are picking out of a smaller pool but uh i think they're okay with
that i think there's still you know martin saint lorre uh you
know a nice uh french guy walking in there's he was coaching major bantam for shit's sakes and
now all of a sudden he's coaching the montreal canadian and he's crushing it because uh he knows
the game um he he he gets along with the most important thing with uh nowadays is you've got
to communicate with these young players that's the most important thing nowadays is you've got to communicate with these young players.
That's the most important thing.
Even I was a candidate.
I got a little French in me.
Speaking of French coaches, the one year you were there, you guys had three head coaches at one point.
Jacques Demers, Jacques Leperiere, and then Mario Tremblay.
So when you say you've been through all the French coaches there,
how many do you think you had in your tenure there?
Well, I started with Jacques Demers, Mario Tremblay.
I had Claude Julien, Michel Tarian, Alain Vigneault.
Oh, my God. Guy Carboneau, Bob Ganey. michelle tarian um ale vigno oh my god gee carbino bob gainey
how many is that where are we at we're getting there too many yeah who uh who was your favorite
of the whole bunch like who was the one who you thought really really embraced your role really
like where you felt you you flourished under them well they were all they were all it
was all different because um you know i was getting at them at different stages of my career
so you know you know when you're a rookie you're treated pretty much like a piece of shit back then
and you're just trying to survive and then as you get older every training camp you seem to kind of
gain a little bit more respect um i really liked, to be honest with you,
they were all great. I would say that Michelle Tarian was one that I really liked Michelle.
And this may raise a lot of eyebrows for a lot of people, but Michelle Tarian was a communicator.
He would call you into his office and he would sit you down and he would just say,
hey, how are you doing? I'm like, okay, okay i'm doing well how's your family doing how are the kids
chris is doing okay yeah okay this and that okay that's it just wanted to see how you're doing
anything to anything to add nope so i'll say this sorry to interrupt you like and tell me if you
disagree you were the style player that he really respected and enjoyed coaching, right?
You played hard.
Yeah.
You must have seen some guys similar to me in terms of a little soft,
a little turnover prone, things like that.
And he was just  it was a little different towards those guys, I would say.
But guys like you who would fight and be willing,
he really did respect them maybe a little bit more.
And I've also said too, he was a good coach.
Like his message wore thin after a little while because of his presentation
to a lot of guys, but in terms of like game, you know,
coaching the game and getting a game plan, he's good.
Yes. I would agree with that. You know, he, he's very hard.
He certainly wants physical and he and he likes
that style but um for me it's just looking at the communication part i really i enjoy the the coaches
that um that want to communicate with you that want to talk with you you know like uh then just
kind of scare tactics right when vignot came, that was his first year coaching the NHL.
Did he come across as a rookie at all?
Was he confident?
What was he like coming in the room as a rookie?
Well, I was very young at the time,
and Alain Vigneault was very young at the time.
He came in, and his nickname was Gant for arrogant
because he was an ass.
I mean, I guess to, to certain players, right.
He, he was very hard. He knew the game,
but he tried to, he, he tried to push with,
you know, tactics of you know, I don't want to use the use bullying. That's
absolutely just, he was very, very hard. He demanded a lot. Um, and, uh, you know, I just,
I remember him, he was a good coach and you listen, I mean, he went on to have a great,
great career, you know, in, in multiple cities and the Rangers and Vancouver and, uh, you know,
in multiple cities, in the Rangers, in Vancouver,
and just recently fired from Philly.
I got to bring up Habs Bruins.
You had the opportunity to play them twice in the playoffs.
Were those series more intense, or were they harder series than other series you might have had in the same year or different years?
I mean, it's the best rivalry in all sports.
Yeah.
Well, listen, I mean those series were were the most memorable by far of
all the playoff games that i've played um you look at those bruins team back in the day
one year i can't remember what year it was you would probably know better than i did but uh
one year i think the bruins were the president trophy winners, if I'm not mistaken that year. And we had absolutely no business even coming close to this absolute monster team.
Okay.
And we ended up, uh, we ended up pulling some, you know, horseshoe out of our ass and we
just worked them and grinded them and took, took a beating to do it. But we ended up beating them.
I think that year in game six, if I'm not mistaken.
And then two years later we play,
I think there were second in the league that year,
they were an absolute monster again, you know,
a cup contender and we ended up beating them in, in game seven in Boston. And, you know, a cup contender. And we ended up beating them in, in game seven in Boston.
And, you know, I just, uh, those, those series against those teams in Boston, they were stacked.
I mean, they, they easily could have won the Stanley cup. I was told to ask you about a prank
you pulled. I don't know if you were much of a prankster but the one that you pulled on mark lamuth lamoth lamoth is that how you say it
um yes he was a guy uh that i played actually junior with and then um are you talking about
the one in the minors i this is terry ryan he goes ask him to ask him that's
because you played with terry i'm interested to know what it was like playing with terry i'm sure
he was trying to drink some things you just try and you know try to delete out of your memory yeah
like holy shit the cobwebs are coming back i didn't pull the prank but it was probably one of
the uh it's probably one of the best pranks that went wrong ever well i don't know
if you've heard jr's yeah okay yeah is it does it come close to that yes let's hear it let's hear
it let's warm up the warm up the stove here folks so uh mark lamothe and, he was my roommate in the minors. So he was a goaltender.
Yeah, we know how much you like to torture your roommates.
Yeah, right.
We played together in Kingston in the OHL.
Both got drafted to the Montreal Canadiens.
Our first year in the minors, we're rookies.
We go out and we're in Freddie Beach and we're staying together.
So the boys in the team very early on basically said to us, we're staying as together so the boys in the team early very early on
basically said to us we're going sniper hunting and i'm not much of a hunter so i just kind of
asked the question what the hell's a sniper and they told me that it's a bird that comes out at
night said okay how do we kill it we got guns or they said no we're gonna cut off our sticks we're gonna
make big knobs and what you do is you go through the bush you shine the light bam smack the bird
in the head you got yourself uh you know your kill so i'm thinking great so we spent the day
we're making our weapons you know this and that we all drive out into this bush like
way back in the bush and we all got split up into four different teams or five different teams
and uh we basically dispersed into the bush in all directions so So I'm with this group of guys and we're going through,
we're going through the bush and it is pitch black. You cannot see a thing and we're going
through and we're just like, you can, can you hear that? I think, I think I heard one over here,
over here. And to make a long story short, we're 10 minutes in the bush.
We're in the middle of nowhere.
All of a sudden, we see these cop cars and paddy wagons.
And there's this great big announcer.
You're on illegal private property.
Come out with your hands up, this and that.
So we're like, what the hell is going on?
So we start walking out of the bush with our hands up.
And they whipped us against the paddy wagons.
And they threw the handcuffs on us.
And they threw us in the back of the paddy wagon.
So there's like six of us, seven of us.
So we're being pulled away. And we we're like what the hell is going on
like we're in serious shit and these guys were telling us you guys are in huge trouble there's
going to be jail time with this you're hunting on private property you're this you're that
all of these things and i'm not a hunter i nothing about it. And I've got a guy from Chekhov's evacue who's literally damn near crying
Marty seeker or whatever. And I'm like, what is going on?
So now that it, now that I've, uh, you know, to, to,
to learn a little bit more about the story,
the guys that are in the back of the bus are all the rookies except for one
veteran.
guys that are in the back of the bus are all the rookies except for one veteran and this veteran is literally crying in in in the cop car because every time we're like we're
gonna be okay guys we're gonna be fine this and that this guy would start crying going we're going
to jail we're gonna lose our careers like every time we started to talk ourselves out of it this guy would do this so we we throw we
we get to the um the police station and now all of a sudden we're getting fingerprinted
where we we got thrown in it we got thrown in a uh a cell we had one of the guys uh the
the european the european guy got got uh stripped shirt searched with the
whole shit and we're all watching like oh my god what the hell so anyway we all get thrown into the
jail there were two real bums in there that were completely hammered that were in the whole tank. We're sitting there with them.
And to make a long story short, they pull out the head.
One of the top police officers said, listen, you need to make a phone call.
Who's going to make the phone call?
And so the veteran says, you know, I'll make it.
Okay.
You listen to that.
And he's crying. And I'm like, oh my God, I'm sitting there.
I got my head between my legs.
Everybody's doing the same thing.
We're in total panic.
This veteran goes out behind closed doors.
The whole team's watching us in the cells.
Okay.
The whole team's watching us in the cells.
They know this is all going on.
They're just keep
feeding us more and more stuff. So make a long story short, we're in there for over an hour and
a half. They put us back in the paddy wagon and they take us to our, our arena, which our, our
head coach is waiting for us. So one by one. So we're the, the seven guys are sitting in the room and I'm got my head
between my leg and I'm just like, they have our bags out.
Oh, they have our bags out with our stuff in it because the trainers got called in.
They're packing our bags as we're sitting there one by one.
You're going in to talk to the, the, the coach and, and the two police officers.
in to talk to the the the coach and and the uh two police officers so i went in and they basically just said you know we got lawyers that are that are going to try and help you guys but listen you
know you're probably not going to get jail time but we can't guarantee it but you're definitely
you're you're definitely cut from the team oh my gosh so go pack your stuff and we'll we'll fly you out in the morning so i walk out
and i've got my head down and i'm just distraught i don't even know what to say
so all of a sudden my my buddy uh my roommate mark lamothe goes in
he's told the same thing told him that they cut him. He's done. His career's done. He'll never play again. Might have jail time this night.
He walks out of the room and there's great big,
huge industrial steel doors that are Lily about two inches thick.
And he bam smokes the door.
So now he's walking into the dressing room, holding his hand and screaming like, oh, like, so I go over to him and I'm like, Mark, hey, you okay? I look at his hand, his two knuckles are literally up near his wrist. so now all of a sudden everybody has talked to the coach and the police officers we're all sitting
there we're all looking at mark because his hands is you know his knuckles are up near his wrist
and the whole team jumps out of the shower and says congratulations welcome to the team
meanwhile we're all sitting there looking at our teammate that has two knuckles
that uh you know are not where they're supposed to be so it kind of went wrong but it was it was
looking back at the whole entire situation it was one of the greatest experiences i've ever been
through looking back at everything the emotional roller coaster
of literally you know a 20 year old man almost crying multiple times over a five hour period
and you know it was it just got uh that's an unreal orchestration as far as selling it and
getting everybody involved like that i can't even tell you how well it was done.
Yeah.
But they've been doing it for years.
They were, it's been a tradition for years and it's gone so well.
And the police, um, out in Fredericton were, were a part of it.
And it was, it was actually a really well done and it was a lot of fun.
It was a lot of fun.
We had a great time, but just unfortunately we had a tough situation
that, you know,
things happen.
Led to some broken knuckles. Yeah, a couple of broken
knuckles, not a big deal. Harry Knuckles.
Oh, that's ridiculous.
What do you got, R.A.?
I don't know if you guys
were down in Montreal. I wanted to get to the trade to
San Jose. Were you kind of welcoming it at that point
because Montreal was not doing so hot. San Jose was a contender did you did you know you
were getting traded what were the circumstances going on there yeah um well it came at a real
good time because i was getting booed every single time i touched the puck for probably about uh
i don't know 50 games in a a row, but I needed to change.
I needed a change from Montreal was Montreal is an incredible,
incredible place to play.
But it's probably a place that you might want to just play five years and then
have to move on because it's demanding. I mean,
the city is infatuated with this team.
The love for this team is incredible, but it, I mean, it wears you down.
I mean, you go out, you can't go to dinner.
You can't go to a movie with your wife or girlfriend.
You will get bombarded there.
But the city is incredible. There's a lot of great moments um
a lot of great moments one of the best one of the a really cool moment i i'll never forget this too
and my parents came down um to watch a few games and uh i i took them out to this did you guys ever
go to gibby's oh i've never been there gibby's is is uh it's it's a
really really great steakhouse there and love to take my parents there they really enjoy that one
and i remember sitting there we're at a table of four my parents and my wife and i and i saw this
huge table that had about eight or ten people at it. And there was this young boy that just kept
on looking over, looking over. And I'm thinking to myself, yes, you know, yes, it is. It is Craig
Reve of the Montreal Canadians. And he finally, this boy came over to me and he says, are you
Craig Reve? And I said, yes, yes, I am. He goes, today today's my birthday and I read your mat I read a magazine
where I had done some interview and they said you know where's your favorite restaurant and I
basically just said I said Gibby's right and uh this boy came up and he says I read that article
and I asked my mom and dad for my birthday can I go to Gibby's so I can get my, uh, an autograph signed by Craig.
And here's the thing.
I don't eat there, you know, very often I eat there a couple of times a year.
Right.
But it just so happened that on this night, this boy showed up at the same time I was
there because he wanted his birthday gift was to go to gibby's so he could
get he was he just automatically thinks that i live there um but i just i just remember the the
family's face um the little boy's face the passion and the love for for for the team and the players
were were just something that you can't even imagine so a lot of great times and on top of
that playing with like so many legends i mean all these guys that you play they're everywhere
so they're everywhere any yeah in any any one or two that you were maybe like you know
was was an overwhelming experience like you yeah uh i mean for me first and foremost, there, there, there was a lot, I mean, you had, you know, you know,
Henri Richard, the pocket rocket to, to see him regularly to see Guy Lafleur regularly.
But to me, one that stuck out to me from the time I got there was Jean Beliveau. I mean,
there was something about his, I don't even know how to say it he was so i
heard it's the presence i heard that like when he was around it was you can't you only meet yeah
you only meet a couple people like that in your entire life where there's just an aura about them
that you are completely in awe of of when you meet them and i'll tell you this the nicest
um nicest man ever so respectful um and uh i'll never forget but i mean there's so many
serge savard i mean it just goes on and on uh the roadrunner uh yvonne Cornway. That franchise, they do a great job
continuing to keep the greats.
They're everywhere.
It's awesome to see.
It's pretty crazy looking back now.
I'm sure you've seen how much Montreal gained
in the trade from you to
san jose right like one of my buddies sent me this like the trade tree two months yeah that
this craig rive trade tree or something like that one of my buddy i'm like can we please just stop
this like i know i know you could have got dealt for chris coon. That's how that go for me. You want to talk about trade trees? Well, Jesus, like, I mean, I'm a happy.
Listen, I look at this that I tried to give, you know, everything that I could give to Montreal.
And then when I got traded to San Jose, shit, they just paid way too much for me.
And I mean, that's what it's all about.
way too much for me and i mean that's what it's all about i mean they they gave a first round draft pick and um and and josh georges who was a super young 21 year old player at the time who
went on to have an awesome awesome career and then that first overall pick or that first pick
with patch ready and then just this debacle of you know movement and trades that's still going apparently
which is like it turned into qatar suzuki a second rounder the names just keep adding on here this is
wild jake allen's attached to it andrew shaw from uh from the chicago blackhawks alex to brink it as
well i don't know if you've already mentioned him, but holy shit, this is all. Alex Debrinket?
Debrinket from the Blackhawks.
No, no, no.
The way that it all, the tree in general of how it all went down.
I'm not saying that they benefited from it, but it's just a wild trade tree.
Well, I'm happy.
I'm happy that they could, you know, like I was aging at the time and I needed a change. I had been in Montreal for a really long time and and I was I really welcome that but I'm
I'm pleased that that uh that I could help Montreal out on the back end when I left you know I I think
that that was great I'd love to ask about the the fine your final pro season and you played
over 900 NHL games and finished in Buffalo and then Columbus.
And, and the next year decided to play a full season.
It looks like in the East coast league for Elmira.
So like, how did all, how did all that come about?
Like didn't want to do the AHL.
What's the story behind that?
Oh shit.
So much is going to be let out today.
Hey, it's ridiculous.
I thought you were just missing insurance.
Yeah. Well, it's somewhat kind of like that, but so when I retired,
you know, I'm, I'm Canadian, right? So when I was, we had a,
we had our P one visas when we, when we were, well,
I had one anyway as a,
as a Canadian playing in the States and live in the States. And I was,
you know, doing a green card,
trying to get my green card. And I was very, very close to getting it. But anyway, I ended up
retiring at the end of the year, I knew, I knew I was done. I my body could not handle
mentally or physically, I just couldn't, I couldn't do it. So I had a great six months. I mean,
I enjoyed my summer golf and boats and beer and you name it. I enjoyed that retirement summer and
I ended up getting a phone call by my lawyer about my green card. And this was September 29th.
about my green card and this was september 29th she says to me and she knows nothing about hockey like nothing she says uh you need to play another season and i was like this is six months of like
just crushing my body and i said no that's not gonna happen she goes no you need to or we have to stop your green card and it's going to take three to
five years to do it all over again so i said what so she's like you just need to play one more season
i'm like well i can't play one more season so she's like you just need to play pro hockey hockey. So I ended up phoning my agent up and I said, listen, Pat, Pat Morris was my agent.
And I said, Pat, I need a contract. And he just started laughing his head off. And I said, no,
I'm actually serious. I need a contract. And he's like, okay, i'll make a few phone calls you can go play in the in the
in the minor somewhere and i said no i said the minors is way too good for what i am looking at
i can't walk yeah so anyway to make a long story short the closest place to buffalo where I live is Elmira. So they said that they would take me. No one knew why.
I show up. I haven't even unpacked my bag. I opened my bag in Elmira to skate for the first
time in six months. I've got 20 rolls of tape. I've got laces. I've got extra skates in there. I haven't even opened my bag.
I get on the ice and I skated on Wednesday by myself. So all the players on the team were standing by the glass, watching me just skate around shooting pucks. I was exhausted and I
didn't even do anything. Thursday was my first practice with the team and then i played friday saturday
and sunday the first time i played three games in three nights in in 16 years 17 years
and i'm gonna tell you i loved it loved. So my agent's telling me, he's like, listen, you got your contract.
He goes, just fake a groin and just go home and, you know, you'll, you'll get your card.
And I was just like, no, no, no way.
This is like, these, i'm loving these guys i'm like they're looking at me like i'm just
some absolute like i've got gray in my beard i'm like guts hanging out and and i'm looking out all
these young bucks that are coming out of college they're 22 like i'm like this is the greatest
thing ever you're like i can't wait to knock you off the shitter. Yep. So, uh, I ended up playing that full year.
My wife was furious and, uh, it was, uh,
it was an incredible and incredible year with an awesome group of young guys
that let me come in and just be part of the team. And, uh, you know,
the coach, when I got there, the coach, when I got there, the coach,
when I got there, it calls me in and he looks at me, he goes, what are you doing here?
It's the first question he says to me. And I just said, oh, you know, I love the game. I don't want
to give it up. I just want to have fun. And he just looks at me, he goes, you don't have fun in
the East coast hockey league. just said okay but uh you
know i i want to play one more year meanwhile he says okay can i name you captain and i looked at
him and i said no no i don't want to be captain the team but thanks i appreciate it uh you know
i'll support the captain and whatever he goes. Okay.
Can I name the assistant coach? And I said like Reggie Dunlop,
like you want me to play? And he's like, yeah. I said, no, no,
that's not going to go over well with the boys. I said,
I want to be with the boys. I don't want to be a coach. So, but we, uh, that, that year I had so many awesome trips like we i went on a 29 day
29 hour bus ride from myra to florida it's one of the greatest 29 hours of my life
and he told me he said he called me into the office and he said, Craig, I want you to fly down to Florida.
I said, sounds great. He says, you can, your, your room's ready down there. You can golf for two
days and the team will meet you down there. I said, no, no, no. I said, I'm not. I said,
who else is going to come with me? They said, I'm not allowing anybody else. Just you. I said,
well, I'm not doing it it i'm going with the guys
on the bus and he goes craig it's 29 hours that's probably because you stole all their money and
cards pay for your green card hey pay for your green card all the lawyer's fees off all the
boys pocket change what a debacle that was oh yeah how many fucking beers on the way down
i was drunk three times i was drunk three separate times.
I'm not joking.
I passed out first one and woke up, you know, eight hours later, started again.
It was unbelievable.
It was such a blast.
These guys were rock stars.
Well, speaking of getting pops, we're going to be at the Chicklets Cup July 22nd, 23rd.
Just maybe, just maybe.
I'm not saying you is alive for the game i'm not
saying you need your green card but maybe if you get some balls and you want to throw a team in and
represent all the buffalo sabers fans and that whole city maybe we could talk about it maybe you
can uh kick off the old sneakers get the knee pads on the slash guards and you could put in a team
maybe maybe whittle coach your team and you guys could be part of the Buffalo Sabres crew.
Anybody else you think would be on your team?
Like, would Barnaby play?
I don't want Rob Ray because he'll cave my fucking face in,
so he's not invited.
Listen, an old Razor,
he wouldn't be able to run longer than 30 seconds.
Perfect.
So he's going to be a coach.
But, yeah, I think I uh, that, uh, I think
I can round up a few, uh, Grinnelli.
Let's go, buddy.
Let's go round them up.
Chicklets cup, July 22nd.
Hey, uh, can you, can you let me know when you're getting in exactly time date airline?
No, I'm actually, I'm going to have, because there is going to need us.
What?
Sid's got a fake name. When he checks into into the hotel i'll be doing the same thing i might need to actually stay in well and
well i'm in this tournament and just cross the border he's gonna helicopter in for the game
with security and then right out of town yeah with the with the fucking swat team so there's a few
other guys bouncing around there um who uh i'm drawing a blank here the goalie uh be wrong martin be wrong he's maybe
he could be your attendee so oh yeah so thank you so much for joining us pal uh looking forward to
seeing you in buffalo and maybe we'll even hit the links when we're there absolutely absolutely
thanks for having me guys it's great yeah great great talking to you i really appreciate it
looking forward to uh this summer seeing you in buffalo yeah let's do it anything you anything you want to finish off with no but uh let me tell you i uh
i thoroughly enjoyed your uh little golf videos are you uh are you taking lessons you you're
getting better no i'm off i'm off uh my i hurt my back so i've been uh i've been on the ir
we got to get this guy healthy.
And if you want, and since we're looking to film in Buffalo,
if you want to grab a golf partner, game on.
I got you.
Let's do this.
Let us know.
We'll see you soon, buddy.
All right, see you later.
Thank you so much to Craig Reve.
Hell of a career.
Great guy.
We appreciate him joining the show.
And I want to remind everyone that that interview was brought to you by the Cradle Crew Neck Pullover from Peter Millar.
Peter Millar has been a longtime sponsor of this show.
They make some of the best stuff.
It's all I wear when I play golf.
Shirts, pullovers, quarter zips, pants.
It's unreal.
It's the best stuff.
And the new Cradle Crew Neck is no different.
zips, pants. It's unreal. It's the best stuff. And the new cradle crew neck is no different.
Whether it's a little chilly in the morning and I need to layer up, I'm depending on Peter Millar's lineup of quarter zips and pullovers every time. You saw it at the Masters all weekend too. Guys
know what's what with Peter Millar. And the cradle crew neck offers a streamlined design and a classic
fit for all day comfort and performance. The crew neck opening gives this pullover a versatile and
modern look that layers perfectly over sports shirts and under jackets for flawless spring style. Those chilly spring days,
you know, you got to be aware of that. That's what the cradle crew neck's for. Head on over to
petermillard.com slash chicklets to explore the cradle crew neck as well as the complete line
of performance pullovers from Peter Millard, the best in the business. That's PeterMillar.com slash chicklets.
Check it out now.
So I sent a text to my buddy because I was going through Craig Reve's career, and I went
through that East Coast League season.
And so I saw a buddy of mine, Rob Bellamy, played with him.
I've talked about Bells before.
He's an unreal musician, great voice.
Check out his Instagram, Rob Bellamy Music.
He's awesome, and he plays a lot of local events,
and we love going to see him play.
He should make a Chicklets jingle.
I would love him to make a Chicklets jingle,
and I'd also love him to come play maybe our party in Buffalo.
He'll probably knock you out too, Biz.
He could be a Buffalo guy.
So I saw he played with him that year, so I texted him,
like, Bells, what was Rive like?
But it was kind of like at the beginning of the interview.
I didn't hear back from him until the end.
So I wasn't able to share this story.
He goes, oh, he was an unbelievable guy.
He's just completely one of the boys.
I don't remember him practicing very much.
But when he played, he played hard and really kind of enjoyed himself.
But we loved having him around.
Pretty cool to have a guy played that long in the show with your team for a season in the coast.
I was like, oh, any funny memories?
He's like, oh, yeah, one jumps out.
We used to have a time on the bus ride home, on all the long bus rides home.
So we were busing back from Cincinnati, and we had music pumping.
Everyone was crushing beers.
Music's blaring.
Guys are yelling, just having an absolute time.
And Rive's wife called him.
And she's like, where are you? And he's like, on the way home. She's like, just having an absolute time. And Reve's wife called him.
And she's like, where are you?
And he's like, on the way home.
She's like, no, you're not.
And she starts giving it to him that he's at a club.
She's like, there's no chance.
You're at a bar.
You're at a club.
I hear the music.
He's like, honey, I'm on the bus.
I swear to God.
So I guess that they just ripped it up on all these bus rides home.
And one of them was loud enough that his wife was 100 convinced he was at the club.
He's like, I swear to God.
I could see Reve's got the dealer hat on
like the casino in the back. You get the
fog machine, the lights are off, the lasers
are going.
What are you doing? You hitting? You doubling?
Oh, you're doubling? And he's using his fucking
NHL pension to be
the casino for all these young bucks on the coast.
Stealing money from these guys. Just winning every hand.
Oh man, that prank story
what was the other one oh the the i never we we didn't have a chance to ask him about what the
coach thought of everything like how mad he would have been at the fact that he just knocked his
best player or one of his best forwards out of playoffs like these guys jobs are on the line
too like fuck you know i know i. But maybe he never even knew.
He must have, though, right?
The coach would have had to have figured out.
But I will say the fact that they kept it under wraps as long as they did
and none of the media members found out
and then it ended up coming out on that.
It was either the podcast or the radio show he told the story.
And that's when it kind of became news.
But, hey, good thing they did, man.
Because he might have been in witness protection the way that habs fans are
ah this stuff this stuff's good man i'm on you need it for this
just woofing this whole podcast now all right boys well we got a big announcement
since the last show a future hall of of Fame announced his retirement after this year.
Anaheim Ducks legend Ryan Getzlaff, he's going to retire after his 17th season.
The team announced last Tuesday.
He's the Ducks' all-time leading scorer in the regular season and playoffs.
Only 11 other guys have captained the same team for 10 years and scored 1,000 points.
He's one of 13 guys with two Olympic golds and a Stanley Cup.
He's also in
a world junior gold and a world cup gold 88th all-time on the nhl points lift 51 on the assist
list uh there was a clip of cory perry should we i think we should roll that cory perry you know a
hard kind of play against being being bass out there but he also showed a soft side talking
about gets laugh go ahead roll that g he's meant everything um you know we were drafted together
he came in together uh we didn't
live together but we might as well have um and you know he we did everything together when we
first came in and to to see what he's done that organization to to put his stamp on it and uh
you know to to finally call it a career you know it's uh it sucks but uh you know things come to
an end i couldn't ask for more from him because he got me
to where I am.
He made a lot of passes
and I put him in the open
net. Gets you everything
that you've done, like I just said.
From a family man
to a close friend. Congratulations
on a great career and good luck
with everything. It just shows you how much Getslap
meant to his teammate. He was emotional in his press conference as well. and good luck with everything. I mean, it just shows you how much Getzlaff meant to his teammate.
He was emotional in his press conference as well.
You obviously played with him.
We're going to go to you for first comment here.
I'll tell you what.
You know what perfectly describes Ryan Getzlaff?
It's something that just happened about a day or two ago.
And that was in the game in Carolina.
And Shvetchnikov was running around and running some guys over,
really just kind of playing a physical, hard-style game.
And Getzlaff, who's announced his retirement, went out,
and on the next faceoff was in his face saying, let's go, let's go, calling him out.
And he ended up kind of really causing a stir because over near the board,
something happened.
Shvetchnikov wasn't willing to fight him.
But it's like that's a little thing thing and maybe obviously there's a million better things gets laughs done in his
career but it just shows like this guy is a competitor a killer on the ice somebody who
would do anything to win and no matter what even in a game that doesn't matter as his career is
winding down is still willing to fight somebody who he thought took some liberties on his teammates
so i've said it before if this guy played played for the Rangers or in the East Coast,
he'd be talked about way more.
He's going to be in the Hall of Fame no matter where he plays.
But when I think of the Anaheim Ducks, I think of Ryan Getzoff.
And I think a lot of people may say Curry or Solani,
but for me, maybe it's because I get to play with him
and see what he was able to accomplish.
It's Ryan Getzoff.
Has there ever been, and I talked about saskatchewan
before when you think of a hockey player from saskatchewan do you not think do you not think
of ryan getzoff yeah yeah just a big old fucking farm boy that'll fight anyone sick hands a great
teammate with a great pass or a giver of course the giver like the whole friggin province the
best people in canada and this guy's no different because as much as he joked around
and he had a great demeanor about himself.
He'd have the flip-flops on, super laid-back guy off the ice,
chirping everyone, funny guy, dry sense of humor like I just said.
But then the game would start and it was just the switch flipped.
And this dude was so hard to play against.
And I mentioned in a tweet that I sent right after he announced his retirement
that the 08-09 playoffs, I'll tell you, this guy, I've said this before,
there's 13 games we beat the President's Trophy San Jose Sharks in six games
and then we lost to a goal with two minutes to go in game seven
to the Detroit Red Wings.
Thirteen games, he had close to 25 points, something like that. He was playing 28 minutes
a game, and he was the best player in the league at that point, I thought. And the Penguins went
on to win the Stanley Cup and beat the Wings, and part of it was probably the reason that
Getzlaff wore the Wings down in the seven-game series they had in the second round against us.
So Stanley Cup, twolympic golds world junior
world cup i think he might have got a world championship possibly too but just what he won
everywhere he went and seeing perry talk about him really kind of uh hit home for me because those
guys were attached to the hip the whole way and i think perry will always think of uh himself and
his own career as not being the same without Ryan Getzoff.
So you rattled off all the big boys.
So he ended up winning under 18 gold medal at the World Championship.
Everywhere he went.
So I played with him.
I got to play with him at that level.
And I got to see because I think I'm pretty sure he was invited to the summer one.
And it was cool because I got to experience playing with this guy
who excelled in a period of time and eventually went off to have a hall of fame career and i got to see a
a springboard of that and i got the benefit from it so i don't know if he was cut or was not invited
to the summer camp for team canada i'm pretty sure he was cut he went back that next year yeah
whoopsie daisy fuck we would have we would have won it in the semifinals
if he would have been on our team we were like maybe that was like a kind of like uh what do
you call those like they felt bad yeah they felt bad hey if we send this guy i fucking might as
well just give you guys the gold but uh he had a huge year with the calgary hitmen then next year
i think he led their team in scoring they ended up getting beat out after the first round and uh
if you were beat out in the first round you got to go to the world championship so we ended up getting beat out after the first round and uh if you were beat out in the
first round you got to go to the world championship so we ended up picking this guy up and he ended up
being our team mvp and he was a big reason why and and when you played in that world championship
one that's when you saw the big boys from the other country we were playing against russia who
had ovechkin like this was a fan malkin right um I don't I'm pretty sure Malkin was on
the team but he just wasn't as dominant as what Ovi was at that at that time and like Ovi was
also playing world juniors so he shouldn't even fucking been playing but just to see him like
explode and take over the way he did like it was no surprise that he ended up getting drafted in
the first round that year I thought he was going to go higher after that type of performance that he had but then just that little development
that he got in the American League as well after that and just like seemed like he just kind of
took off and he never really stopped and he got to the league running and as you said like those
years early on of his sheer dominance especially as a fairly young guy in the league. It just kind of catapulted him
to this insanely successful career.
And I mean, fuck,
I don't think we win that world championship
if it's not for him.
And I got to experience playing with him
and his greatness.
And I fully agree with you, R.A.
I think a Hall of Fame career.
And then you said the only other guy
that you could think of is Solani.
I think of Niedermeyer as well,
kind of in that Ducks group.
Maybe he didn't spend as much time there.
And he was drafted by the Devils, but I get what you're saying.
But as far as longevity there and the impact,
like fucking Timu said he's a Hall of Famer.
I think he's a Hall of Famer.
And he also had the chance.
He could have gone somewhere else at the deadline last year,
maybe even this year.
I think he wanted to be a duck his whole career and his family.
He's got a million kids.
And he's a family man, didn't want to go anywhere.
I mean, I don't know.
I think of Getzlaff and maybe just because of the way he played, I think of Marc Messier.
And maybe because they're both bald.
Don't shame.
That is a for sure.
No, not at all.
Do you know what I mean?
A little Marc Messier.
Ryan gets that.
That's do anything to win a rough and tough bastard and silky smooth mitt.
So congrats on an unbelievable run.
And he is 100 percent down for a sandbag.
I'd love to kick his ass on the golf course.
Yeah.
One other stat to spit chicklets alumni as well.
We had him on episode 265 back in 2020.
Great interview, too.
Yeah.
Right after the pandemic started.
That was one of our early fucking quarantine interviews. So congrats, Getsy, on a great career.
And I can't wait to see you again.
He's not interested in coaching.
He said that it would be a cool experience to be part of building a team,
however.
So probably greasing the skids for a front office job.
I will say I did play with him, too, when he had the frosted tips,
like the early day get sloth.
And then obviously we know what happened, but I will say, man,
maybe a component as to why he didn't go as high in the first round
as I thought were maybe some of those scouts were just not impressed
with those highlighted tips.
Gee, what do you think?
You think some of the scouts were going on about it or what?
I mean, it was kind of in back then, was it?
Was it not? Oh, it was in because in back then, was it? Was it not?
Oh, it was in because if you look at that photo, I think somebody  They were in.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, yeah.
I was thinking about doing it and somebody's like, dude, you will not look good with that.
You would have looked like
I did it.
I did it in elementary school.
I dyed the front of my hair blonde.
It was a tough look.
You would have looked like the ramen noodles.
Here's my surprise face, Jake.
You would have been the ramen noodles.
It's like the NSYNC effect, right?
No one would say they were copying NSYNC, but that's basically what it was.
Wait, go back.
What did G say that he did?
In elementary school, I used to spike up the front of my hair, and in one for a couple
months, I dyed it like blonde and there
were actually some days where like i would put a little red in there i'd put a little oh my god
what with food coloring like what were you doing how did you do that there was this like hair gel
that like it would spike it up and it would also we gotta see the red in there i have pictures of
this i definitely have pics of this so like i would rather have you have to do that than drive around Manhattan in hockey gear.
That's what Rudy should have made you do.
I think it could be a component to this whole him being our gambling mule.
Like maybe getting the pictures to surface and they could print T-shirts from it
or whatever they want to do.
Anyway, we can move on.
Yeah, of course.
Getzlaff was from that vaunted 03 draft class. from it or whatever they want to do. Anyway, we can move on. Yeah. Cause gets left with some,
that vaunted old three draft class and Elliot Friedman,
Jeff Merrick.
They were talking about who would be the last man standing from that
class.
Obviously gets,
he's retired.
The last guy's left.
Let's see.
Burns,
Suda,
Perry,
Kata,
Parise,
Pavelski,
Bergeron,
Brown,
Dustin Brown,
Eric stall,
Mark,
Andre flurry,
Elliot Erickson,
Halak,
Shea Weber,
Matt Molson's in the AHL.
But, I mean, that's still a lot of guys left. Wow, that is insane.
And they asked, who would you take first in a duo for that draft?
Who would you take first in a duo of the 0-3 draft?
And don't say biz.
So can I quickly just read quickly the first round?
Certainly.
Marc-Andre Fleury, Eric Stahl, Nathan Horton, Nikolaj Zherdev, Thomas Vanek,
Milan Mikalic, Ryan Suter,
Braden Colburn, Dion Phaneuf, Andre
Kostitsyn played with him. What a treat.
Jeff Carter, Hugh Jessamine,
Dustin Brown, Brent Seabrook, Robert
Nielsen, Steve Bernier, Zach Parisi,
Eric Fair, Ryan Getzlaff, Brent Burns,
Mark Stewart, Marc-Antoine Pouliot,
Ryan Kessler, Mike Richards,
Anthony Stewart, Brian Boyle, Jeff Tambolini, Corey Perry,
Patrick Eves, and Sean Bell.
You know who I would take if I had to redo this draft first overall?
Patrice Bergeron.
What? Really?
Taken in the second round, 45th overall by Boston.
Okay.
And Getzoff's number two.
You wouldn't pick Fleury first?
No.
Oh, man. Goal tlaff's number two. You wouldn't pick Fleury first? No. Oh, man.
Goaltending is such a, that's such a good base.
And he went on to win three cups.
Not saying he, he factored in two of them.
Fleury's in my top three still, but I don't know.
It's like Bergeron.
I guess you could really argue Bergeron or Getzlaff.
I think if you could redo it, most people would say.
Or Weber.
Weber was second round as well
boom that's i was gonna say webby man yeah that big d you build around you know jara type fucking
d man absolutely webber wow well that was a fun little game yeah all right moving right along uh
another hall of famer marion hosa his number 81 is going to be retired by the chicago blackhawks
sometime next season a date has not been announced yet. He officially retired on Thursday as a Blackhawk as after signing that one
day deal.
So he didn't have to retire as an Arizona coyote.
I think that's where they shipped his contract.
Oh,
he's the eighth Blackhawk to have his number retired.
1,134 points in 1,309 games played.
Of course,
he won three cups in Chicago also played in three straight cup finals with
three different teams. I'm sure if he's the only guy that did that, but won three Cups in Chicago. Also played in three straight Cup Finals with three different teams. Not sure if he's
the only guy that did that, but that's a pretty
distinctive thing.
Did you have any words for the tournament?
Coyotes should do a Jersey retirement night as well.
They should match the dates.
They got Pronger, Datsuk.
We should put the statues up too now.
Get a good deal, like a three-pack combo.
Get a little
bargoon on it. Maybe it's one of those statues where it's like a horse bottom and they you know get a little little little bargoon on it maybe it's one of those
statues where it's like a horse bottom and they come out as like the different heads what do you
call those things um i have no idea you know what i'm talking about what like a person in the top
and horse legs in the back yes i mean i think is it a minotaur am i in a tour i think yeah i think
a minotaur let's do a minotaur that's a minotaur um there'sotaur, I think. Yeah, I think a minotaur. Let's do a minotaur. That suit pronger.
A minotaur.
There's another Hall of Famer that kind of is calling it quits.
Do we got that?
Doug Wilson, San Jose.
After 19 years, Doug Wilson stepped down as general manager of the San Jose Sharks.
He's not retiring, so he may pop up elsewhere.
He's just the fourth guy in NHL history with 1,000 games played
and 1,000 games as a general
manager. Even though they haven't won a cup,
he definitely built a hell of a contender there for a long
stretch. Only Pittsburgh and Boston
have won more games and have more points than
San Jose while under Doug Wilson.
Only the Pens have appeared in more playoff
rounds, 31-30.
They had five Western Conference final appearances.
They got to these 2016 Stanley Cup before
they lost to Pittsburgh.
The team, they said they're going to take their time,
find a new GM, owner Hasso Platner.
He doesn't want a full rebuild.
He wants someone to come in and take over this team right now.
The cap is in tough shape, though.
I sent the link over to you guys.
He's going to have some work to do, whoever the new GM is. But, Biz, any words on Doug Wilson stepping down?
Well, I think it was Elliott Friedman who was saying that John Ferguson Jr.,
who's the assistant with the Coyotes, might be one of the frontrunners.
And I think the comments from ownership were they want somebody who's maybe a little bit more vocal
and more of a presence and maybe talks to the media more.
I think Doug Wilson, first of all, unreal job during his entire time there. I would say
probably one of the top GMs. Found it fascinating that they've only had two GMs in the whole
length of the franchise. I don't know if you mentioned that off the hop. And you talk about
the sustained success. Western Conference Finals, he had five of them one stanley cup finals he had one president's trophy and they made playoffs 14 times during his 19 years so a very very
impressive run i think that the some of the deals maybe as of late would have you know we're still
going to see how that ends up transpiring but overall body of work fucking hell of a job man
sustained excellence and enjoy retirement well deserved um i don't know if you would say a hall
of famer as a general manager too is that fair to say what you need to win a stanley cup to get that
consideration um probably but i mean i i i think the run he had it to be that good of a player
eight-time All-Star,
Hall of Famer, Norris Trophy winner,
and to turn it into being able to build a team that successfully,
it's just an amazing run by him.
And I hope everything's going well.
I know he took a step back, and nobody really knew what was going on.
I think he's pretty private.
But yeah, it's just a hell of a career on both business side and playing side
because he's been able to really kind of figure it out
and build a team that so many people picked him to win Stanley Cups.
They couldn't get over the hump.
It sucks.
But it is interesting where they go from here because they've handed out.
They usually didn't hand out long-term deals.
Then they gave eight years to Burns.
They gave eight years to Carlson.
They gave eight years to Couture.
They just gave eight years to Hurdle. They gave eight years to Couture. They just gave eight years to Hurdle.
They gave eight years to Vlasic.
So they were chucking them around constantly, and it's been a tough little go.
But like the owner mentioned, in terms of not wanting a full rebuild,
I wouldn't expect that because I don't think if Hurdle heard that that was the plan,
he would have resigned.
So they're going to have to open up cap space.
They're probably going to have to buy out Vlasic.
They're going to have to make some tough decisions there personnel wise because there needs to be a turnover and a quick turnover if they don't want to have a full
complete rebuild and talk about a fucking man rocket too like he didn't he aged well
he didn't seem like he had any stress man like he's a i mean like he's a kind of a gilf right
you gotta imagine some of these girls buzzing around california look at this guy like i'd still
go him even though he's a grandpa looks young he's got a nice fucking tan going i'll tell you that
great tan he's probably got a great golf game hall of famer as a player looking as a hall of
famer as a in the on the management side fuck this guy's got a lot of things going for him
yeah like i said don't be surprised if he pops up elsewhere. He didn't retire.
He just stepped down. So we'll see what happens.
And we had those health issues as well, where he kind of,
he kind of dipped off a little bit. So good luck, Doug,
wherever you may end up and hopefully you're feeling well. Hey guys,
you know, when you're wearing a great outfit, everything just looks right.
Your confidence is soaring. You can walk into a room knowing you're on your A game.
If you've been struggling with hair loss, Roman can give you that same feeling.
Roman prescription and over-the-counter treatments with a discreet process from start to finish.
Roman has fast, free shipping, so you don't have to wait to start fighting hair loss.
You got me reading this one, huh, G?
Science-backed treatments that are proven to help slow or stop hair loss.
Check it out, and in some cases, even regrow hair.
Get more confidence from the top down.
Visit GetRoman.com slash chicklets today.
That's GetRoman.com slash chicklets.
Once more for the people in the back, GetRoman.com slash chicklets.
Take care of that hair loss.
Don't look like me when you're 40.
All right, gang, moving right along.
Let's talk some coaching stuff.
There was a clip that was online last week of Martin St.
Louis showing Cole Caulfield a little trick on the power play.
Faked a shot back up a little bit.
Boom, fire away.
And I think it was the next game.
He did exactly that.
It was so prophetic when he seen the clip and then what he did.
And, of course, people wonder if Martin St.
Louis is going to come back.
He hasn't officially said it.
He said he's going to talk, I think, at the end of the season.
Right now, it wouldn't be fair for the players, for anyone, for me to
focus on that. Things will take care of themselves.
Let's just stay the course on what we're trying to
do now. I can't imagine
he's not going to be back, Biz. I mean, the way
this team has responded to him, I think he'd get a multi-year
deal based on the results.
But, you know, Andrew Burnett, he's another guy, man.
He's come in, gotten the job done.
You've got to think he's going to sign a multi-year deal.
Yeah, so I'm not sure.
I don't know about the Brunette one.
I mean, if they get knocked out first round,
you've got to think with that group of guys,
you want to try to go for maybe somebody with more experience.
Now, I think the players have a lot of say.
Just like that's why I think St. Louis is a no-brainer,
and he's got that job locked in.
I think looking back, it's an even moreiner and he's got that job locked in I think like
looking back it's an even more genius move because like what did you have to lose you would have had
a former player who would have came back and brought back hey what are your individual opinions
on each of these guys over the last little bit and it just seems to be that and I've talked to a
few of the players I'm not going to name names but he's communicating with them on a peer level um the communication in meetings is more open forum where he's not
set in his ways he's saying like well this is how we did it is that how you guys feel comfortable
doing it no okay well let's run it from the other side then and we'll run this play so the players
feel more involved more comfortable um
more one-on-one teaching like you saw in that clip and I mean it's remarkable to turn around
some of the players and the team has had and and what they've been able to do with him around and
it just seems like it's so much more enjoyable to go to the rink and if all things considered
he's not the head coach next year it's because he doesn't want to
be that's the only way i could think about it maybe he wants to go back to coaching his kids
he maybe just kind of wanted to see what it'd be like but he checks off every single box at this
point who knows maybe they sought him over to the assistant role maybe they bring in another
type of head coach guy who could maybe kind of they can ping pong each off of each
other because it's just a title at the end of the day but um remarkable what he's done with the
turnaround i'm not sure about brunette in talking with people there could be up to nine coaching
vacancies like i don't know i don't have enough information on the inside like i don't go pick
information off like people and say hey you know what's the organization feeling about this guy uh blushill is that how i say it uh blast hill
blast hill fuck that one gets me every single time i've never heard that type of last name but
you got a canadian name too you gotta imagine maybe they spice things up and go in a different
direction um let's say let's say uh say Colorado doesn't get to the conference finals.
Do you think Bednar is the head coach there next year?
If they lost in the second round?
What if they lose first round?
If they lose first round, he could be in trouble.
See you later.
It depends on fashion.
It depends on fashion you're losing, I would say.
You know what I mean?
Like, if a guy can throw his hands on his head.
But I'm going over possibilities in which we've seen in the past a little bit
that are just, it's not like it's that far-fetched.
I mean, if they meet Vegas first round, like, who fucking knows, right?
Somebody's got to lose.
I don't think that Lindy Ruff's going to be back with New Jersey.
You got bonus in Dallas, has no contract.
Bonus in Dallas, you probably have like Yo,
I would say Yo's probably not coming back.
And the list goes on and on.
So the reason I brought it up too is because despite his good of a job he's done,
and much like Martin St. Louis,
Elliott Friedman was also talking about how it's new regime there
and it wasn't exactly the hire of Rutherford.
And I'll tell you what, if Boudreaux's not back next year,
I'll be a little bit shocked with the turnaround they had.
But I also got to trust the opinion of a guy
who's kind of been the quarterback
on creating two different types of organizations
Stanley Cup winning championships.
He got the two-ripper in Pitt,
but before that it was in Carolina.
So, boom, there's another one.
Anyone else you can think off the top?
Dallas Eakins.
I don't know if he's going to be secure
because he was hired by the previous regime,
Pat Rabikson.
He might want his own guy.
There's another name.
There's another one.
Woodcroft's been unreal, but you never know.
Never know.
There's so many questions.
The one good thing is our boy Rick Talkett.
I think he's going to definitely have his option to have a chance
to be a head coach again next year.
Hey, and he's  I mean, I'm sure guys are smart enough.
Smart enough.
Jesus Christ, Biz.
Figure it out.
Russian.
Smart enough.
The Russian smart enough guy um but
yeah man like if you yeah he probably has the right people in his ear being like bro take a
year off decompress and wait till you see the fucking options you get thrown out you 100
fuck i think i might be up for a job i mean if the leafs lose first round is keith gone donzos
oh yeah if if not it's management like somebody somebody's significance
happened but i would say that yeah they would have to then hand it over to somebody who has
more experience he's gotten two rips with it if you especially if you can't get out of the first
round so who would you say is the most uh locked in head coach in the nhl right now i got my pick
that like no matter what happens this year will not'll not be fired. Cooper. Cooper. Oh, shit.
I'm so stupid.
It is Cooper.
I was thinking Brindamore, too.
Yeah, Brindamore.
Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah.
But, yeah, that's so dumb of me not saying Cooper.
Guys, question for you guys.
Do you think with the success that Martin St. Louis has had
and his lack of coaching experience,
you'll start to see teams take more chances on former players?
100.
I saw Sean Avery posting about this on Instagram as well.
I don't know why former players don't get hired as head coaches more often.
I really don't.
Especially guys who have been really high-level players.
And I know a lot of people say, well, being a great player doesn't mean you're a great coach.
Well, I mean, I'd rather take a risk on a guy who's a great player and really into coaching,
whether he's coaching Pee Wee or some level of pro, than some guy who's never played before maybe that's maybe that's bias on me being a player but i agree with that
yeah and 50 of the component is is is being a good talker and motivator and and especially now
especially nowadays right yeah exactly these kids right that's that's that's half the battle so
um i i i would say yes, G.
And I think that of the nine candidates, let's say there's nine vacancies,
I would say that you see two where you're like, wow, really nice to see that guy get his chance.
Another one that, and I'm not starting a rumor here, DJ Smith in Ottawa.
I don't know. I don't know. I don't follow close enough attention, but is he guaranteed a job next
year? I would imagine. I don't think anything's guaranteed
because with Melnick's passing,
it's like, who knows what's going to happen with that
team? So, yeah, there's
going to be a lot of turnover in that position
and more so than ever, you're
seeing that like every year. It's just like eight
or nine guys. Boom, boom, boom, boom, boom.
Yeah, I can't. I don't think DJ
Smith did anything
wrong i mean you know jordan's got to get him a number one goaltender and he hasn't had that you
know that handicaps a coach i don't think he's going anywhere another maybe pierre's gonna find
it pierre mcguire yeah well there you go but uh john hines naturally he's also without a deal but
you got to think they're gonna bring him back given the way he's the job they've done this year
you know uh just give yosi the head coaching job yeah seriously play a coach and i went on the note on bruno uh andrew burnett he's going 44 15 and 6 uh he's technically his
contract wasn't as an assistant they did give him a salary bump but if you know if they go on a run
this year you got to think they're going to probably rip that up and give a nicer deal
we'll obviously see what happens with it but hopefully going forward yeah they do got to
squash uh the the fake uh jer sitting rumors. Were those true?
No, he sat in the third period of that game.
He did.
So, I mean, who knows what happened.
I don't know what he did to get sat,
but he did take a little break from some playing time.
All right.
Let's see.
We already mentioned the Frozen Four.
Congrats to our boy Rudy in Denver. time all right uh let's see but we already mentioned the frozen four uh congrats to uh
boy rudy in denver uh sunk the mikey g who's gonna ride around manhattan bunch of free agents
i'm sorry a bunch of college signings happened after that of course michigan we mentioned a
handful of guys already been drafted uh this one was no secret defenseman owen power buffalo's
number one overall pick last year signed his uh entry-level deal he's gonna shoot up for his fourth
team this calendar year,
tonight in Toronto, as a matter of fact.
Pretty awesome.
He's a Mississauga native.
Also played for Canada in the World Junior Championships,
which were canceled.
Then the Olympics.
His teammate, Matty Beniers.
Is it Beniers or Beniers?
I know it's got the... Beniers.
Beniers, right.
I've heard it said both ways.
Matty Beniers, the number two overall pick by Seattle last year,
a local lad as well.
He did the same.
He's going to join Seattle this week, going to win number 10.
He had 67 points in 61 college games.
And their teammate Ford Kent Johnson signed with Columbus.
They took him fifth overall last year.
And this kid, this is a nice story here.
Columbus also signed Michigan team captain,
an undrafted free agent defenseman, Nick Blankenberg,
to a one-year deal.
He just finished his fourth year.
This kid was a walk-on at Michigan.
He fucking never got drafted by any junior teams.
Ended up playing in the Alberta Junior Hockey League.
Finally caught some eyes.
He ended up going to Michigan, was a walk-on, made the team,
ended up getting a scholarship later.
He turned down an NHL deal last year, and now he's signed with Columbus.
So nice little story there, Whit.
Yeah, I love seeing that.
And if you're not drafted in the top two rounds,
I think you're better off not being drafted,
especially if you're going to go play college hockey.
Like all of a sudden the kid, is it Myers from Minnesota, G?
Is that his name?
Yes, that's correct.
Yeah, he's basically interviewing 30 different teams.
He's going to be the one, like it's going to be the opposite of the draft
where Eisenman's like offering him bong rips. He's going to be able one like it's going to be the opposite of the draft where eiserman's like offering him bong rips he's going to be able to ask the team's question and where am i getting
my weed yeah exactly where you're going to get my weed from so i actually saw a guy in the ncaa title
game i i want to i'm reaching out and talking to you right now his name's his last name's living
stone he's number 23 big d man on minnesota Mankato. I like his game a lot.
Not the, like his skating, he's not the fastest skater, but he's very smooth,
logged a ton of minutes, good with the puck. And he's a sophomore, but he's an older sophomore. So
I was talking to a couple of scouts and they're like, yeah, everyone has a lot of interest in
this kid, but he wants to go back to school. I'm sorry. You got to leave school, Livingstone.
You got to leave school.
You can always go back to school.
Right now, the way I just saw you play,
now Garrett has a tough loss in the national title game,
but the numbers he had this year, it's like strike while the iron's hot.
This kid kind of reminded me of Chris Tanev a little bit,
just a big righty that a ton of teams would have interest in.
And more than anything, I'm talking to these guys who I know a lot of times want to go
back to school.
And if you're a drafted player, that maybe changes a little bit because you already have
the team that is going to be able to sign you and have interest in bringing you into
the fold in a year or two, whenever it is, if you do go back.
But these kids who are free agents, you never know what's going to happen.
You never know what happens next year he goes back to
school say mancato isn't the same team and i love mike hastings a guy i know pretty well he's the
head coach of mancato he's probably going to hate my guts for telling telling one of his best demon
to go back but yeah you uf you ufa defenseman and forwards in college undrafted you leave school
and you go and you give it a run and you sign when you can because you never know
what's in store so i i think that people will disagree with me on that but it's my opinion no
i mean that's what i would do personally but then you talk to people and you know you you you find
out their story and even you see it with uh some guys uh who end up going the nfl route they wait
those two years they get that development and they don't rush into something
where they they got to work out the nooks and crannies to where they it wasn't at the professional
level where you kind of just get thrown to the wayside a little bit sometimes if you don't
develop as fast as you think and all of a sudden next thing you know you're getting thrown in a
deal you're in the next minor system like you just't know. I know. But you're saying if he doesn't necessarily care about the schooling right now,
but he wants the money to eventually pay back and get it,
yeah, then it makes a little bit of sense.
But if it's more from the development standpoint,
I can understand why certain guys do stay.
I agree with you on that.
So it depends what his thinking is,
but you always take the guarantee,
and then I can at least afford to pay it for it on my own
and kind of live happily ever after
as opposed to like all of a sudden none of it's being offered
because you had a fucking horrible season
and all of a sudden everyone forgot about you
or God forbid a significant injury.
I should not have said everyone.
I should have made it more individual to this kid who I watched
because I see a lot of potential and I think think he's 22, and it's like
but you're right.
There are a lot of kids who maybe going back for their senior or junior year,
having the chance to sign with any team they want, it is a good thing.
So I kind of overspoke there, but this one kid, it's like, dude, you're ready.
You're a big defenseman.
Get to that next level.
And right now with all the interest in you, it's probably time.
And he's got the option to which team he can go to and can he step right into a one-way he uh no i don't think
you'd get a one-way because it's an entry-level deal so you're gonna have to have the you know
the ahl deal but he would be one of those instances where these kids sign and part of the deal is
you're gonna play like 10 games up this season in the NHL, which burns a year off your deal and gets you NHL games right away.
You've got to imagine the Hobie Baker winner, Dryden McKay, is going to get locked up quick too.
First goalie to win it since Ryan Miller.
Yeah, he had a tough night.
I mean, they were dominating and then Denver came back.
But he had a crazy number.
It's kind of a crazy situation in college hockey this year.
So the Hobie Baker winner was this kid, McKay, from Minnesota State, Mankato.
And then they have the Mike Richter Award for the best goalie in the league.
He didn't win that.
Best goalie in NCAA.
He didn't win that.
So that was given to, is it Devon Levy?
Levi?
Yeah, from Northeastern.
This kid, oh my God.
So he was a Florida draft pick.
They ended up trading him.
He was part of the deal to Buffalo for, what was that deal?
Sam Reinhardt.
Sam Reinhardt.
Merle Spence is going to Buffalo.
He's at Buffalo.
So the Michigan goalie and the Northeastern goalie have both decided to go back to school.
They're both Buffalo prospects.
So Buffalo's probably going to lose one of them because if you're drafted and wait four years,
you end up becoming a UFA.
But it was crazy. I was like, wait a minute.
How the hell is the best goalie
in the country not the Hobie
Baker winner and vice versa? It made absolutely
no sense. So I was interested.
You know what I took from that?
Buffalo still got an opportunity to fuck this
up and they probably will.
Good luck deciding which goalie
you're taking, you losers.
When you talk about going back to school,
don't some schools guarantee scholarships to players if you come back later?
Yeah, BU did.
I don't know if they still do, but I had a full ride,
and if I go back to school, which I have to do,
the scholarships still offer honored,
but I don't think that's the case at most places.
Adam's going to be flipping a coin in his office that's a that's a big thing too because not everybody's gonna
gonna make get you know make about a ton of dough you guys should do the coin flip all together all
you loser fans on chippewa do a best of seven which goal about which goal you want yeah
all right i think i think levy's the guy levi can't say whoops the other guys going to going
on to fucking win with the with the Coyotes.
Keep the change.
Playing in fucking a high school gym.
Levy will end up a Chicklets Cup goalie.
I'm having too much fun.
I should stop.
I should stop.
I got to pump the brakes here.
One last note on college.
A hell of a weekend for Denver forward Bobby Brink.
He was a Hobie Baker finalist.
First, he wins the national championship. Then he signs
with the Flyers, who took him in the second round of the
2019 draft. So congrats to him.
Gonna start his pro career, winning a national
championship. Hell of a weekend. I hope you enjoyed Boston
as well, kiddo. All right, moving
right along. A very emotional scene
down in Providence over the weekend. The Providence Bruins
retired the late Colby Caves, number 25
in a ceremony Saturday night.
It was the first number retired in team history.
Cave was with the Providence
Bruins for five seasons. After
arriving there as an undrafted 19-year-old,
he basically grew up there. I believe he met
his wife there, found a bunch of new friends,
and he was huge in helping out the
Providence community. He loved it there. Everybody loved him uh he eventually got called up to the broins and
moved on to edmonton uh and his widow emily was on hand and she and their good friend austin zanuck
they hadn't seen each other since before he passed because of all the covet stuff and they
she had a very long embrace a very emotional scene uh with i mean i know you saw this just
it was a horrible thing losing colby but it was a really beautiful scene the other night
in Providence. Yeah it was
five years that's a long
time to be on one AHL team and he really
cemented his legacy
there to see his wife there
and see his friend Austin have that hug
it was tough to watch but it's great that
his number and jersey will be up there forever
and I mean that's still just so
shocking and heartbreaking to think about
that he's not with us anymore because you could tell from what everyone said
he was a truly special guy.
So really tough scene, but also a pretty emotional good thing to see
with the emotion that his wife and Austin showed together.
Well said, Whit.
Well said, brother.
A note on the World Juniors in 2023.
It's going to be in Canada somewhere.
There's no front runner, but it's going to be somewhere either
a combination of Halifax, Moncton, Quebec, and if I can pronounce this correct,
Trois-Rivre.
How do you say it?
Trois-Rivre.
Trois-Rivre.
All right, there you go.
Three rivers.
Ottawa.
Oh, my God.
Grinnelli's creaming his pants right now.
I should have won a Quebec minor peewee tournament just for saying that
the way I did. You couldn't even make the
travel team.
The last one,
Saskatoon,
name's Regina.
That's where
Getzlov is from.
Yep.
Yeah, from where the Regina
Pats play out of.
His brother played there for the football team.
I always hear that.
I always kind of think of that quote,
40-year-old virgin when he's doing all the dates
and the girl shows up, she's like,
what's up?
Name's Gina.
You remember that scene?
No, I'm glad I don't.
All right, 40-year-old virgin.
It's a modern classic.
I know other people out there.
I'd rather get my chest waxed
than fucking hear you say that line again.
Kelly Clarkson.
Now we're talking.
Steve Carell should have got a fucking
Academy nomination for that.
Comedies never get it. The Masters this weekend.
Scotty Shuffler gets a big lead.
Does not even come close to gagging it away.
Rory McIlroy. Rory has a hell of a run
Sunday. Can't catch him. The other golf guy
went good. Oh, just a hell of a run Sunday. Can't catch him. The other golf guy went good.
Oh, just a supremely disappointing weekend.
And that sounds unfair because I like Scotty Shepard.
I believe I mentioned him on the podcast.
Did I not?
Big time.
He did.
I mean, he won three.
He won three of the last five events he played and he hadn't won.
Actually, my buddy got him 50 to one in November before he won a tour event. He then won three of his next five starts and goes into Augusta in just a performance for the ages.
And I said it, my weekend was ruined
because all I want in Route 4
is a back nine Sunday at Augusta that matters.
There's nothing better in the world.
People say that tourney doesn't start
until the back nine Sunday,
but this guy was nails.
I mean, he seems like such, I talked about what he said
to his dad or what his dad said to him after he won the match play in terms of like, I'm not even
proud of you for your golf. I'm proud of you for the person you are. And I was so interested to
see, he, uh, he talked about after in the press conference biz, um, he mentioned that Sunday
morning he broke down and he was crying like a baby, his own words. And he was his wife he said I don't I'm not ready for this moment um this moment feels bigger than
me I don't feel ready and which is like really opening really opening up as a player he's really
religious and he talked about what his wife said to him that like we don't control what happens to
us in this life I'm gonna love you if you shoot 82 or 65 you are ready for this just go out there and have like
he talked about trusting god trust in his faith they're very religious people and it was just
really cool to see the the opening up of a current day athlete talking about breaking down in tears
and people talk about like the masters is just so meaningful you you play in the tournament you
have a lifetime exemption in tournament you. You're forever a Masters champion.
The green jacket, everything that goes with it.
You're a member of the...
You're cemented to golf history.
Golf history.
And God knows what it means financially.
You're probably going to end up making 30 million
based on that win alone just in the future.
And I was rooting against him in a way
that I was going to be happy if he won.
I just wanted him to win in close fashion.
But the guy was just nails.
And, I mean, the shot he hit on Saturday on 18 where he lost the ball left.
I think he had a four-shot lead at the time.
And he lost the ball left.
Took him a while to find it.
Then it was all this.
It was like the ugly side of golf where they're trying to figure out his drop
and it's like where he's going to the ball so it took a little while and this
idiot nick faldo so if you don't know nick faldo i think he won six majors including a couple green
jackets at augusta the guy's the worst analyst in sports is he really good oh my god he's a pretty
muppet he's pretty harsh isn't he buddy he's not even harsh. He's just dumb. He says the worst things at the worst times that make no sense.
So he's taking the drop, and I don't know how far out he was.
Say he was 230, 240.
And Faldo's going on and on with his stupid English accent,
and I love English accents, but his sounds stupid.
And he's talking about, yes, Scottie's going to lay up 80 yards short of the green.
All of a sudden, the guy rips a three-iron, lands like 10 feet from the pin, and rolls long.
I'm like, this is the Masters analyst that they got telling us that he's going to lay up 80 yards short of the green.
He's striping his third shot because he had to take the drop.
But he ends up getting up and down from back of that green, making an unreal bogey.
So he kept his three-shot lead going into Sunday, which did not mean much.
I mean, 6-under and 9-under.
Cameron Smith, who I was kind of rooting for,
I bet him live plus 250 on Saturday night.
And Smith went out.
This kid's a G.
He went out and he won the players.
He birdied one and two.
And Scheffler, all of a sudden, it's a one-shot lead.
And they get to the third hole and shot of the tournament.
Scottie Scheffler shortened
two of the green and chips in it was a hard up and down he chips it in beautiful shot he hit it
into the slope bounces releases checks and goes in the hole and meanwhile cameron smith was in the
same spot and he couldn't get up and down so that was a two-shot wing and went back two-shot swing
went back to a three-shot lead and that was kind of it. It was upsetting to see that there wasn't really the dramatic finish that I wanted,
but you got to shout out this Sheffler.
Four of his last six tournaments, he won.
He's the number one player in the world.
He was that before he even won the Masters.
So I'm really happy for what seems like a great guy.
Good breakdown of the golf whip.
Yeah, Tiger had, you know, shocking that he played.
Now, I'll say this, and this may not go over well with the millions of Tiger Woods fans in the world.
I'm convinced he hams up the injuries, right?
Like, he's just, I think he's somebody that probably is into maybe limping a little bit more than he has to.
And, you know, I know he almost lost his leg
and he had this horrific accident in November of 2021.
So, like, the fact that he's back playing golf already
is just, it's mind-blowing, really.
But it was November of 2020, excuse me.
But he went out Thursday and shot one under par.
I think he beat everyone except for nine guys
or something like that.
To not play tournament golf in 17 months and go do that,
that was my best moment of the week is watching Tigers Thursday round.
He really struggled, but he made the cut.
I mean, you saw Brooks Koepka miss the cut.
There were superstars who missed the cut.
And this guy is just, he's not even human.
But by the end, he was limping so much.
I was like, is this really, like, real?
Like, he can't even walk, but he's swinging 170.
The ball's going 170 miles an hour off the club face.
Like, I don't know if he's hamming up the limping,
but just the fact that he played and was able to make the cut was fantastic.
Well, it sounds like Brendan Gallagher talking about Stutzler right now.
Yeah.
Holy shit.
We might have a little back and forth.
Well, Tiger's also the guy who one time said his wrist dislocated
in the middle of a round,
and he popped it back in.
I'm like, I don't know about that.
But he's had a million injuries.
I'm just kind of like, he might be hamming it up.
He might be Tim Stutzling it a little bit.
But it's still amazing to watch.
I understand there was something sacrilegious that happened earlier in the week before the Masters team up.
Oh, yeah, the dude perfect Perfect guys going at the Masters course.
Love that.
And of course, who do they play with?
Whit was crying in the group chat because they can't have the hockey sticks on this
sacred course.
No, maybe it's jealousy, but I know I'll never play Augusta National.
We got guys with fungal fucking bats out there hitting softballs around the Amen corner.
It's like, what is going on?
And everyone's like, what is going on?
And everyone's like, well, Dude Perfect has 57 million YouTube subscribers.
Okay.
And I guess that's Augusta National looking to grow the game. But not only do you allow Dude Perfect, who I
Dude Perfect is so popular and makes millions upon millions
and is a much bigger deal than I would ever imagine or hope to be in my life.
But, like, do they not have this weird thing that they have this monopoly millions and is a much bigger deal than i would ever imagine or hope to be in my life but like
do they not have this weird thing that they have this monopoly over trick shots where they could
spend three days filming it till it finally works does anyone else think that about dude perfect
like they release these videos of these amazing trick shots okay well if you sit there for
fucking six weeks and record at one point you're gonna get it done like a biz ad yeah exactly
biz probably gets ad reads done quicker than dude perfect does some of these tricks that they end and record at one point, you're going to get it done. Like a Biz ad. Yeah, exactly.
Biz probably gets ad reads done quicker than Dude Perfect does some of these tricks that they end up releasing.
Yeah, let's go head-to-head.
Let's go head-to-head with them.
I will say I do not get the appeal.
They're like playing croquet on the 13th green.
I'm like, what is going on?
And they got the biggest idiot of all time, Bryson DeChambeau.
I'm like, what is going on?
And they got the biggest idiot of all time, Bryson DeChapelle. I wonder if our followers are Team Dude Perfect or not Team Dude Perfect.
I think Dude Perfect's really big for, like, 10-year-olds.
Oh.
They're like Nickelodeon.
I know we have the odd, you know, Rick from Red Deer letting his younger kid listen.
But, no, that's pretty much.
We don't got a big demographic in that
i mean maybe sandy from san jose is a huge freaking dude perfect fan and they're out there
slamming their cars they're driving to work but i just don't see how cool it is to see something
that you know has been tried over and over and over if dude perfect's uh uh live streaming these
trick shots i'm all in.
But to release a video that you've done something
millions of times before it's actually happened
is for me disingenuous.
For them to get on Augusta National
and me know that I will never sniff that place
besides walking around with a cigar and a beer,
it makes me sick.
It makes me sick.
They didn't even play golf.
Hey, you know who's entertaining with the trick shots,
even more so than Dude Perfect, was during the whole pandemic,
Dana Beers and Marty Mush.
Were you watching the ping pong games they were doing?
Yeah, I think one night they had to stay up all night
because they weren't able to get it done.
They weren't going to bed until they did it.
That's more entertaining because it's real.
Yeah, we should get them on Augusta National.
Marty Mush has a better chance of cleaning the toilets at Augusta National
than he does playing golf there.
And Dana Beers, I mean, they'd have to roll him through the gates of Magnolia Lane.
I love those guys.
They are good.
They are good dudes.
Oh, man.
I know they always talk about the NBA.
They say, like, this league that goes around Twitter.
Well, Sunday night, this league, Lakers coach Frank Vogel,
he basically found out he was shitkin via a Woj tweet.
Adrian Wojnowski, the NBA reporter, he tweets out that tomorrow
the Lakers are going to announce they fired their
coach. So this dude coached a game,
comes out, and then the press is like, oh, did you know you got
fired? Is that not the worst way to
find out you got shit canned? Trading's one thing,
because you still have a fucking job.
I know Woj has a
job to do, but somebody leaked it to him.
That's got to be brutal, dude. You come out of a game, you probably
know you're going to get fired at some point the way the season
went, even though fucking LeBron's the GM.
But it's like you're fucking fired on fucking because of Woj
puts it on Twitter.
I can think of a worse way.
They send out the other coach, and they buzz that horn
when the free throw comes.
And he subs out.
I was going to say, if they put it on the big screen
and during kiss cam cam it just ends
with like hey frank you're fired yeah starting as new coach sorry old coach you're out of this one
somebody comes and rips the clipboard out of his hand
um the okay so we went from a coach being threatened by one of his players last week sick
league to now they're firing a guy like this yeah that's i mean that's a shitty way to find out
um then what did lebron already do a press conference about it before he the season was
officially over i will say they're this there's no nothing's nothing more Hollywood and Lakers than this season and how it played out for them
on the opposite side of winning.
And I would expect nothing less,
and nothing surprises me with the NBA anymore.
We've seen the, this season we've seen the bodyguards run out
on the court to get in fistfights.
We've seen coaches getting threatened.
And now this, no, nothing surprises me.
What do you think of it?
All right, what do you got?
Oh, it happened, I think, today or late last night.
There's a clip of an NBA ref.
You know how they go to the table and lean in
if they're doing a review?
And a girl walks by, and the ref, like,
his, like, jaw drops.
He's totally staring at this girl.
Drop my ass, send it to you.
It's fucking hilarious.
Like, nowadays, he's probably going to get fucking canceled
because he's staring at a grill and fucking looking.
No, he'll be good.
And he was probably putting in a bet before he saw they're going to walk by.
Must have been a dime.
But either way, while we're talking Lakers, man, I know winning time,
I mentioned it, the Lakers show on HBO.
I think it's honestly one of the most entertaining fucking shows on TV right now. Not as entertaining as their regular season this year.
Oh, I don't know.
Did you try it again or not?
No, I haven't, but I got a couple different shows I got to get into.
I watched that We Crash.
I told you I really liked that.
I got to give Winning Time another shot.
I was told that Better Call Saul is fantastic television.
I was a big Breaking Bad guy, and I just saw the ad that it's the final season coming up,
so I might start Better Call Saul.
But I'm not trying to be the guy like, two kids, I play golf, we got the job.
I don't really have time to watch shows.
It sounds crazy.
I want to watch so many shows.
I watch NHL games at night, so it's like, when do I watch the show?
I don't have that time.
Married guys out there with kids, no.
If you're laying around the house house and then the wife walks in,
she's like, what are you doing?
Oh, I'm on episode three of Better Call Saul.
Season four, episode 12.
You're more likely to finish that episode.
You're more likely to catch a frying pan off the forehead
than to finish that episode.
Like, you're not allowed to watch TV when you have kids.
It's crazy.
Yeah, married, no kids.
I watched my shit after the last game,
West Coast game, 1 o'clock, boom.
That's when I do my stuff.
He sweats it at 1 a.m.
Oh, we know, R.A.
We see it on Instagram.
G wanted to chime in.
Guys, rappers are getting soft.
Rappers are getting extremely, extremely soft, Biz.
I know you're into the rap drama, so I got some beef here for you guys.
Gilly the Kid does a million dollars worth of game.
Huge fan of him.
He's so funny.
Very funny.
He is absolutely hilarious.
Wiz Khalifa got his Instagram banished.
2.5 million followers banished down the tube,
and that's a guy who's who's posting
multiple times a day he really utilizes instagram wiz khalifa is soft got it banished and i'll tell
you why wiz khalifa has been working out a lot lately i don't know if you guys have seen yes
yeah yeah he started yeah he does mma he's doing a lot of fighting and mma but he's posting a lot
of these workouts uh online onto instagram and he's wearing these like little basically spandex shorts where his dick and balls are
flapping everywhere.
You can see everything.
And but it's well known.
So Gilly just commented a chirp on his Instagram being like, dude, if like if you want me to
keep following you, you got to throw on some shorts. This is pretty crazy here.
So Wiz Khalifa responds with basically a video saying that Gilly chirping him for this is just like when kids in high school used to make fun of him because he could read better than them.
He then deleted the video and then he got Gilly's Instagram taken down.
The craziest thing in the world.
Oh, he got his. I thought you meant Wiz Khalilly's Instagram taken down. The craziest thing in the world. Oh, he got his?
I thought you meant Wiz Khalifa's got shut down.
I was like, oh, why?
Because he's got his cock and balls fucking hanging around everywhere
as I touch my cock and balls here.
Wait, so saying just all he wrote was just, hey, put some shorts on
and that gets your Instagram taken down?
I think he chirped him in how Gilly chirps.
I don't think it was just that but it was it was a simple
chirp and it was taken down for his account was taken down for bullying bullying and i'd like to
know what the the full message was and how innocent it was but at the end of the day i mean yeah
taking the guys i mean it's got to be a suspension right though not like it's not gone forever i mean
but the just the mere fact that wiz khalifa a rapper is reporting him for for like
a harmless chirp gilly the kid is a comedian he's like that's what he does he like makes he chirps
people he makes fun of people and to act like you're this like hard rapper and then report
someone for bullying harassment for telling you to put your shorts on when your dick and balls are
clearly out i gotta see i don't know i'm gonna look at the videos of wiz khalifa's dick and balls oh they're flopping everywhere so i can
have you seen these videos with would you watch these videos um i don't yeah i mean i i don't i
don't think i will not because i don't really like I'm not against seeing the guys like hog flapping around.
It's more just like I'm not that into it enough to like search it on Instagram.
It is impressive though.
It is impressive what Wiz Khalifa is doing in MMA.
I think he  like he can fight.
Yeah, he's got
I wouldn't fuck with this guy.
He's got the  yeah, the Nike like tight ones on.
And yeah, it's just like, yeah, he's basically got underwear on working out.
And I would probably have to agree with the chirp on him.
Oh, have you guys seen Change the Subject?
Yeah.
Sorry.
Go ahead, Biz.
Go ahead.
I just want to see what the message was, but I think it's funny that Gilly did end up saying
something, but it's bizarre that he's posting these videos of like nonstop him and his dick
and balls hanging out.
Yeah, it's ridiculous.
of nonstop him and his dick and balls hanging out.
Yeah, it's ridiculous.
Have you guys seen the video of the end of the 14 and under USA Hockey National Championship game?
No.
I may have because there have been so many videos.
You guys, you will see this and want to throw up.
Shattuck St. Mary is playing the Chicago Mission, okay?
It's in Chicago. So I've heard a couple rumblings, like, you know, the connection to the city. A Chicago Mission player comes down
the middle of the ice. This is overtime. And takes a backhander. Actually, it could have been a
forehand shot. I don't remember. The goalie is at the top of the crease, maybe the middle of the crease, catches the puck like this, okay?
The referee is standing right in front of the goalie and immediately goes like this, goal!
And the Chicago Mission player is like turning up ice and sees him go goal and starts going bananas.
The team gets off the ice, national champions.
It is one of the most embarrassing, disgraceful displays I've ever seen from a referee.
The referee should never, ever, ever be allowed to referee a hockey game again.
I feel so bad for the kids from Shattuck-St. Mary.
When you guys, anyone out there, Google 14U national championship game winner,
Shattuck-St. Mary's Chicago mission you will
throw up seeing where this referee is and seeing the goalie catch the puck way outside at the crease
and then for this ref to call goal I had to bring it up because I was shown the clip on Saturday
and I was so disgusted I wrote it down on my phone bring it up on chicklets it is so brutal
can you feel so bad for the kids on Shaq. Can you send it over?
I will send it over.
I thought it was a mistake.
There's no way they're pucking. I know.
How did it not get taken back?
I was confused.
I'm like, I must be missing something here.
There's no way they could have won that based on what I'm watching here.
That's absolutely incredible.
I need you to watch the Wiz Khalifa video,
and I need to know what you're more disgusted by,
that referee or Wiz's cock and balls.
Dude, this is more disgusting than two girls, one cup.
Oh, we're not going to go there.
That's a video.
A couple of things you guys might want to watch.
A couple more recommendations here.
The Tony Hawk documentary on HBO, Until the Wheels Fall Off.
Excellent.
Tremendous doc.
I wasn't a skateboarder growing up.
I didn't follow Tony Hawk.
Obviously, I know who he is.
He's a huge skateboard star.
I'll watch any doc about any person.
This guy is tough as fucking nails.
I know he was kind of like the goody-goody.
Well, he had the reputations.
It's like the goody-goody skateboarder.
Skateboarders can be rough and tumble and potheads and all that and he had this you know sort of
choir boy reputation this guy took fucking so many beatings busy like i cringe so many times
watching those wipeouts like concussions it was like this guy's tough as nails he's still like 53
still skating still taking slams out there but it gives his whole life i mean he was born like
all his siblings are like 20 years older than his. His mother was, like, 43 when she had him.
So he was, like, the runt of the family,
and it kind of gave him a complex, as he talks about, as he gets older,
because he did have issues.
He was very forward, very open, which, you know, you'll want in a documentary.
You don't want to, like, propaganda or respond a certain way.
I highly recommend it if you're looking for a great doc on one of the you know the greatest
athletes of the last 30 years what this guy did was unprecedented i have a total respect for tony
hawk and what he done and if you don't like him watch it you'll change your opinion of him yeah
he's he's funny on social media too so send that over i'd love to watch that good shit and and one
more on hbo2 uh this dropped the first three episodes. It's a new drama series. It's called Tokyo Vice.
The first episode was directed by
Michael Mann, one of my favorite directors of all time,
directed Heat. I believe he's producing
it as well. It's about an
American who goes to Japan to become a
journalist, and he gets embroiled in this
criminal investigation of the Yakuza
over there. Oh, I like the sounds of this, R.A.
Oh, man. I mean, just one
thing, fair warning for folks out there. It's heavy
on the subtitles. Like I said, it's set in Japan.
There's a lot of subtitles in it, but if that
doesn't deter you, jump in, man.
The first three episodes, you get sucked in.
It's like, oh, man, what's going on here? There's a little
bit of action, but it's a very
engrossing drama. So those two right
now, if you're looking for something to watch,
Tony Hawkduck and the Tokyo Vice
on HBO, give them a whirl.
So I just watched this video of this ball.
How pathetic is that, Biz?
I'm just perplexed as to what would have made the referee do that.
Do you think it was because the other body of the green player
got in the way and messed with the vision?
My only thought is he's under he's he was like like it's
so obvious and crazy that like could he be on the take like it's i don't get it i i the fact that a
national championship game for you know 14 year old hockey players like that it's a pretty high
level like these kids are a lot of kids they going to be good college players. And that's how the game ended.
It's just disgusting.
He's like, I got to get to the bar.
Fuck this shit.
He's like, under 14?
Yeah, I know when he gets to the bar.
He's like, oh, geez, March Madness.
I got to fucking come back.
No, but that's brutal.
I can't even  it wasn't even close.
It was three feet out of the net.
I know.
And the goalies are holding it.
Yeah, they got this.
Like, Julie the Cat Gaffney.
Boys, we talked last week about window washers
and how I said I wouldn't do it for 10 million a year.
Oh, yeah.
Lo and behold, what happens in the last week here in Boston as well,
two guys cleaning out a whatever new building in Boston,
42 stories up, the fucking thing's hanging, like dangling sideways.
Did these guys, the helicopter coming in,
these guys are like waving a fucking camera, taking pictures and shit.
They weren't nervous at all.
They would have still taken 10 million.
Oh, my God.
I was like, I would have like shit in yourself.
They didn't look scared at all.
Boston Fire Department, great job, guys.
They opened the window from the inside, brought these guys in.
And when they were like climbing into like the threshold,
I was like getting like cold sweats and like shit my pants just because for that half a second man if
like i'm sure they grabbed onto well on the other side just that half second going over the the thing
they're in the car or whatever to the window man ah i got a heart attack watching that shit with
all right shout out to memes for reminding us that while not accepting 10 million to wash windows you'd take 250 grand to eat cum so yeah you know
i watched the video i don't think unless it's really thick here's drinking conclusions i was
i was pressing for detail so i understand the video was fucking hilarious by the way but
yeah i don't i don't think i ever concluded i would swallow it for 250 i was negotiating i
wanted to hear office see who it was animal ge Animal, George Clooney, Frank the Tank.
The window washer's trying to hire
R.A. He's like, 5 million.
R.A. cuts his semen with a steak knife.
No, I'm gonna...
I'll do jizz shots while I'm on the fucking
cot, so I'm getting 10 million as a window washer
and 250. With that,
I'm out.
I'm out.
Hey, hey, hey.
Chicklets is over.
Thanks for listening, guys.
Love all you guys.
I'll be in Naples this week playing some golf Wednesday, Thursday, Friday.
I cannot wait.
And, Biz, I'll be watching you Wednesday night.
We're having a big cookout down there watching some TNT.
I got one last note.
I got a correction.
It wasn't cotton and golf of the Coyotes during the Zegers. Nobody cares. having a big cookout down there watching some TNT. I got one last note. I got a correction.
It wasn't cotton and gold for the Coyotes during the Zegers.
Nobody cares.
I do.
It was Yosef Koronov. You're not a journalist.
Your team's fucking website didn't even have you on there,
so that's where I went.
All right, peace.
Thank you, everybody.
Love you.
Talk to you soon.
as always we like to thank our terrific sponsors here on spit and chicken so huge thanks to our longtime friends at pink whitney and new amsterdam vodka and a big thanks to our new friends at wood
smelling salts love what you guys are doing so far good stuff big thanks to everybody over at
better help huge thanks to our new friends at game time as well check them out for last minute tickets
big thanks to our friends at peter mollab making us look good in the course and. Huge thanks to our new friends at GameTime as well. Check them out for last-minute tickets. Big thanks to our
friends at Peter Millar, making us look good on the course.
And a huge thanks to our friends at
Roman for taking care of the fellas. Have a great week,
everybody.
