Hey, Spittin' Chicklets listeners, you can find every episode on Apple Podcasts,
Spotify, or YouTube. Prime members can listen ad-free on Amazon Music.
Hello, everybody.
Welcome to episode 382 of Spittin' Chicklets, presented by Pink Whitney,
from our friends at New Amsterdam Vodka here in the Barstool Sports Podcast family.
What is going on, gang? We just had the biggest goal-scoring weekend ever in NHL history.
Middle fingers seem to be all the rage this week.
And we have fewer than two weeks to go for the NHL history. Middle fingers seem to be all the rage this week. And we have fewer than two weeks to go for the NHL playoffs.
But first, we check in with the fellas per usual.
Producer Mikey Grinelli, what's the word, my man?
The word is relaxing.
I had a nice, relaxing weekend back home in Boston this weekend.
Actually got to go see a nice Bruins game.
Big win.
Shout out to our friends at Game Time App.
But it was a nice relaxing weekend all
right just got to see some friends and family a little easter activity going on paul biz nasty
bisonette did you do anything to celebrate easter i know you don't have kids it's not a big deal
when you don't have little ones like me despite what's going on in the sports world i would agree
a g i had a very relaxing weekend uh been consistent with the trainer been doing a lot
of breathing exercise so i'm in a i'm a zen-like state coming into this one.
So my hot takes will be on fire.
Not as usual.
Actual good hot takes this pod.
Nice.
And last but not least, the wit dog, Ryan Whitney.
How was your Easter?
You got the little ones.
A little special day for you, I'm assuming.
Oh, it was phenomenal.
It was great.
We were at my mother-in-law and my father-in-law's house we'll get into my father-in-law and my
brother-in-law a little bit later in the episode um but it was awesome there's like 20 kids there
do the big easter egg hunt but they're running around it was it was nuts right like these kids
are going bananas i take a couple 20s and a couple special eggs then i really hide the shit out of
them yeah of course rider found one in the car rider found one of them put it right back in my
pocket obviously i was like rider go get that one on the tree so basically i only put 120 out there
um the thing is the night before so i was in naples i flew down wednesday morning thursday
friday through black friday night played a little golf so then saturday night
we're getting you know all the stuff ready like my wife brings out the easter egg stuff like the
easter basket i i walked downstairs i said are you kidding me it was like there's toys and fucking
is this christmas what is going on right now i was ripping stuff out of the baskets this is a
enough's enough you
can't be making these kids think that easter's gonna be like christmas part duh agreed i was
i was like i but she's like well we're not giving them candy they'll have so much candy in the eggs
now one thing we did get rider he's been begging to go fishing so we grabbed him a fishing pole
very funny i don't know how to fish i i literally do not know how to fish. Oh, wait. You don't have the patience to fish?
I'm not a fisherman.
I'm not.
I just can't even.
I wouldn't even know how to.
Cast?
Cast.
Exactly.
Well, you get seasick, too, don't you?
A big seasickness guy.
Big time.
But then, you know, there's other stuff.
There's like baseballs, all the sports stuff, puzzles.
I'm like, this is Easter.
This is about the resurrection of Christ.
Is that what happened on Easter?
You're asking the wrong question.
No clue.
Okay.
I don't make a big fuss.
I don't make a big fuss about Easter either.
I'll tell you, though, the worst part of my my week was on the flight down.
I had one of those instances where it's just a full out like warfare for the armrest in the plane.
And this guy was running my show like enough where I said, hey, dude, like one behind one up front.
You know how it works. And he's like some big, gross guy.
I just can't believe people like somebody goes in front.
Somebody goes behind.
You can switch back and forth.
But for you to take up the entire armrest with your forearm, talk about being in Easter spirit.
I'm freaking pissed off even thinking about it again right now.
Made my whole three hour flight disgusting.
I got this guy absolutely running my show.
He's dunk like shit.
And I'm a mask on
and he's elbowing me in my forearm. So I don't even want to talk about it. I know I just brought
it up. So what am I even saying? But still, once the golf began and I got home and enjoyed the
weekend, it was a lot of fun. I thought you were going to say you were on that plane with a guy
singing the Jesus songs with the guitar. That's nightmare fuel. Did you see the clip on Boston?
I saw it. Yeah, I just, you know, I don't know what to how is that allowed? fuel did you see the clip on boston i saw it yeah i just i you know i don't
know what to how is that allowed because the cat the cat the lady milk and the cat i i fell for
that one then you guys told me that wasn't real oh i fell for the i fell for the giant bird
yeah i wasn't falling for the giant peacock yeah i also fell for i also fell for like
jeru getting benched which apparently he never got benched.
And people come at me, you idiot, you idiot.
Like, listen, dude, if you frigging tweet something and I read it like you got me.
Sorry.
I mean, I don't it's really hard to really know what's true and fake on the Internet these days.
And maybe I'm getting real old and I'm one of those OK boomers.
But like, oh, you got me.
Sweet.
I did think that six foot bird was really true, though.
I thought that was a big time emotional bird support animal.
If it's a fake greedy account, it might be fake wit.
Biz.
Yeah.
So Zen, like, is it more just like a total relaxation of the mind and the body?
Yeah, I think it's just being extremely present. And just Yes,
yeah, not living in the past or the future. Or at least that's kind of what I've, I assume I'm
doing it correctly. Yeah. And just really focusing on deep breaths, making sure all of it's getting
out, you're not holding in that, you know, in stress or whatever it may be. And, and I, I would say
throughout the day, I find myself holding my breast breath constantly and it's negative.
And on top of that, I also, um, I kind of, uh, hyper-extend. Yeah. Well, no, I hyper-extend my
back a little bit too much. So therefore I'm compressing my joints, uh, especially in my
lower back. So I'm trying to try to sit a little bit more under my pelvis.
So it takes work because if you years over years of bad posture,
you kind of get addicted to just activating those same muscles.
So I'm really trying to try,
trying to make reset at all and make it all work.
It's like hard to talk about on the podcast because some people like might
just naturally do that. And they're like,
what the fuck is this guy talking about but in my case i and also the hockey strides a very unnatural
position the athletic position right so you're developing all these posterior chain muscles and
maybe over time things become unbalanced but what he explained to me he's like no it makes total
sense because he says good athletes are the ones who are able to overcompensate and find ways to still do it like even though it's like you know maybe not
firing exactly the same right we're kind of very in tune with our bodies so yeah i'm just trying
to like more so do it so i'm not living in constant pain or even like stress and just kind
of get everything working again and ultimately to get in way better shape so i saw um because my
posture right it's gotten worse and worse where i'm gonna be a hunchback thing i'm afraid of so
i'm trying to get boom shoulders back maybe a little more strength in the in the abs so i saw
this posture chiropractic and they gave me this thing look at this thing that i sit on now it's in
my car too look at this thing so as opposed to now. It's in my car too. Look at this thing. So as opposed to
sitting with like my knees above my hips, if that makes any sense. Now I sit on this,
bam. It's like Emeril the chef when I sit down. But about two weeks ago, I mean, no,
it was before the golf trip was last week. I had an appointment, like I'd made three weeks prior,
but I was feeling great. Remember I was telling you guys how good I was feeling.
And I was like, oh,
I have this chiropractor appointment with the posture chiropractor.
I was like, I got to go over there.
And as I'm leaving breeze, like you feel great.
You just told me you feel great.
Why would you go over there?
And I was kind of like, oh, she's right.
But like, I don't know.
I made the appointment.
I went over.
She fucked my neck up.
Can you believe that?
I hadn't felt this good in years.
I'm feeling happy.
I got energy.
And boom.
I was like, just leave it.
I go, I think you just hurt me.
She's like, no, no, that wasn't me.
I'm like, who do you think it was?
The ghost in the room that just adjusted my neck.
So I'm just getting back from that.
And the golf and the drinking down there
didn't help but overall i'm still with you biz breathing but then all of a sudden your your
neck's off a little bit and then you overcompensate halfway down the back and then a little bit on one
hip and then next thing you know like you can barely fucking walk all right so i guess enough
about the realignment but uh it's also part uh partly
as i mentioned to get back in shape for chicklets cop because three days of boozing and then not
necessarily being in shape going into that a division ball hockey i underestimated it a little
bit like that nose face killer was just wheeling up and down and his conditioning was there and
you could tell like by the end of the week he was probably getting fucking ivs and getting rubbed out in his room and shit because he's so hardcore
about the ball hockey where you know me terry ryan and crew like we were going out to a fucking
however late in the you know we were going ra hours we were going deep we were going deep but
buffalo um you know obviously i'm going to need a full security team as well we'll get to that later
but also i got to be in a lot better shape i gotta be i gotta be in that zen like state
early bedtimes not much booze and and then when i hoist that chicklets cup and by the way a nose
face killer i'm off social media a little bit right now he did dm me and say he needs to talk
to me i don't know what about there is a rumor that he may not
be able to make it to buffalo um don't know why i don't know what the excuse is quite yet maybe he
heard i was working with the trainer again and he's shitting bricks but i will get back to on
everyone about chicklets cup but i'm still amped up for buffalo all right you are going to be
bringing the heat there as well i don't know what you're coming in with, but Buffalo, we are amped up and ready.
And the big deal selects will be primed and ready.
Quickly, quickly.
Noseface owes me a new phone.
Noseface owes me a new phone.
Somebody tweeted me a picture of him when he's like eight years old.
And I threw up all over the phone.
And it's broken.
Come on, man.
That's rude.
He owes me. Noseface, I'm out there. I'm looking for broken. Come on, man. You can't, that's rude. That's me.
Nose face.
I'm out there.
I'm looking for you guys real quick. Speaking of chicklets cup registration for Buffalo next Wednesday,
April 27th at noon Eastern time,
you can register for the chicklets cup.
So get in early,
get the boys together and let's have some fun out in Buffalo.
I hire the same VO two max guy as the 14 peaks.
That's that's my new guy.
I'm going to get fucking Lance Armstrong.
He was born like that though.
That dude I'm getting.
Yeah,
whatever.
I'll take any type of supplements.
I'll do whatever that fucking college goalie was doing.
I don't care.
I'll do whatever it takes to win the chicklets cup.
All right.
You could shove the needles in my ass.
All right.
What the fuck did you do this weekend? Let's see like literally no literally friday night um i stayed
in and wrote actually i like it's funny man i wish i was writing a blog it was a switch you
could just turn on and do instead of like getting like fucking struck with lightning of inspiration
but yeah i stayed in and wrote friday uh let's see saturday just hung out saturday night had a
couple beers took it easy he had like three or four beers. And then Sunday I had a nice family dinner. I know Easter is not really a big deal. I don't have kids, but it was actually nice. I had a dinner with my siblings and my parents, which kind of funny. I've said before on the show plenty that my parents split up when I was still in diapers. So, you know, both my parents got remarried and they're both like, well, my dad's a widower. a widow now they've happened for a while what my mom has so now i have actually these family dinners
which i really didn't have as a kid so it's kind of nice uh later in life having yeah it really is
because like you know i don't you know like like over here but i mean i didn't i don't remember
having family dinners as a kid because i was too young or we you know we didn't we weren't together
too long so now later in life it's actually really nice to have my own dad and my brother and sister
and have these things you know these dinners we didn't have as, as a kid.
So it's, it's nice. I, I I'm old enough to appreciate it and enjoy it.
And so that was about it. Had some dinner.
All right. He's going to go on this massive run. He's got shore Z.
He's going to be fucked.
He's going to be like Tarantino writing these fucking scripts.
What did you write on Friday? All right.
Have you shared it with the world yet?
Yeah, no, I, I had, well, I had started it early in the week though the winning time doc lake is show we've been talking
about on this uh show for the last few weeks the one that wit didn't like the first episode of i
started early in the week which i do often i'll start and then i'll finish it later i posted that
saturday and then i well the first story we're going to get to as well i blogged that but i'll
save that for when we get to the story first. I did a little bit of writing stuff.
If you didn't cover hockey, would
movies and television be the next thing in line,
R.A.? No, absolutely.
On my blogger page, I'm the
Bruins slash TV movie
pop culture guy. One more TV movie.
Imagine that family dinner,
too, Biz. They were probably
the 80s. They're probably talking about
Seinfeld episodes. If you went back and watched the dinner you don't know what year this
is going on like this could have been 87 or 2022 right all right like i'm sure you're talking about
stuff that is all over the map yeah no i i was actually kind of my stomach was a little funky
yesterday so i was i was a little chill for my stand yesterday but i was i was holding my dad's
the other day and he actually was like have you ever gone to a like doctor about like having something to maybe calm you down a little
bit i was like yeah yeah you're about 40 years late on this one but even when i i don't know
i told the story last week i got stopped at customs again because after columbia i'm on the
list now and the dude was like you're kind of fidgety i was like yeah buddy welcome to my world
like i'm fucking like i'm not taking drugs from a youtube page the most fidgety human
alive yeah i'm just a fidgety fuck so but no it was a nice weekend uh relaxing and i told biz
oh yeah i'm got a lot of energy raring to go can't wait to get cracking on the show here uh
actually we should also mention too it's another big week boys we got another sandbagger dropping this week oh my goodness fizz this is this is a mixed bag of
nuts folks this is this is nuts this is a different route and a different version of what you've kind
of normally seen i i actually watching it thought it was hilarious i didn't stop laughing the entire
time it's it's it's like a hodgepodge of...
I don't know how to...
It's like basically none of it makes any sense,
but by the end, it all makes sense,
if that makes any sense to all you guys listening.
Joe Watson, folks, what is he, 77 years old?
Gee, do you know?
I don't, but I'll look it up for you.
Was he in his 80s, maybe?
I don't know.
He threw out his hip
during the golf, but
battled through it. Two times Stanley Cup champion
folks. Oh,
78 years old. 78
years old. This guy, if I'm moving around
like this, it's 78. I'll be the happiest
human being on planet Earth. Maybe if
I do business breathing exercises, I'll be
there for dork
for dork. Then we got
who is just maybe the biggest space cadet slash smart person I've ever met.
He's a little of both.
But then on the camera, he was perfect.
And then some of the lines that were dropped is when I when I told ask Joe, ask Joe about not being in the Flyers Hall of Fame.
And then his answer, like, I'll save it.
It's just I think everyone's really going to enjoy it.
It was a cold, late November day in Philly,
but Lulu Country Club brought the thunder.
Oh, man, I want to join there.
Oh, that place is sick.
All the people came out afterwards, all the members,
and they were so friendly.
We went inside afterwards and grabbed some beers.
They just rolled out the red carpet for us and and we had a blast so thank you to everybody at lulu
and as i said is is uh briere not a member there as well or they maybe they're at a different course
nearby but i think that briere and uh and company one of his buddies they challenged us so maybe
we'll get one with briere down the road um maybe not because he's now back involved in hockey and i don't know they got to kind of keep
a low profile but this one uh going in we like we didn't know the expectations and and it blew us
away and it's got such a different feel and um it it was like gramping with uh playing golf with
your grandpa and and i will say, I mentioned that Tony Robbins,
like Joe Watson's the most positive human.
I thought he was fucking with me off the hop.
Yeah, we're such pricks.
We're like this fucking asshole.
Meanwhile, he's just being completely genuine.
I'm going to get this motherfucker with a kidney shot, 78 years old,
if he keeps beaking my putts here.
But no, it took a turn for the best, and I hope you guys enjoy it.
That's coming out Wednesday at what time, G?
6.30 p.m. Eastern time, and you can find that on the Spittin' Chicklets YouTube channel.
That's awesome.
So everyone, please go to our YouTube.
Check that out Wednesday night.
My last little teaser of it is that on the third hole, third fairway, some random stranger comes out of nowhere with a completely fully packed bowl and gave it
to biz so that's what we then had i was like when the hell has that ever happened on a golf course
a stranger just showed up with a huge bowl for him to smoke so i actually planned that i found
him on craigslist just so i could that was an uber x yeah so you couldn't you couldn't blame
me if we uh if we ended up taking a taking a L so, um, RA and, and if anybody wants to get a little taste of medicine of how
much of a space cadet Todd Fedorick is, you and him were vibing hard on the boat. I actually got
seasick like you do it. When we did that boat tour, Grinnelly organized the whole thing. I forget the
name of the boat, but we had a great time and it was uh it was fridge
it was ra and it was donnie does and these i think donnie does was on acid i think i found out a few
months later he was in fact on acid that's why he was being such a fucking weirdo i think half the
boat was on acid there oh great you think ra wasn't on acid well geez i could maybe not on the
bum that could have helped my seasickness for crying out loud but uh i didn't get the memo on the ass but i was underneath but check that on the on the
youtube channel as well to give you guys a little primer for todd fedorek and then enjoy the show
yeah it was crazy dude he literally handed me his rod and like there was a fish right on it was the
craziest like time and ever i thought he he knew it was on there was like letting me catch it but
it was just crazy as he handed to me the fish hit that was a fun day man it was it was on there. It was like letting me catch it, but it was just crazy. As he handed it to me, the fish hit.
That was a fun day, man.
It was for sure on there for like six minutes,
and then he didn't even realize he handed it over.
But anyway, what do we got going?
Well, first, we've got to mention our guest.
We're going to bring him on a little later.
NHL legend Rick Tockett, your co-worker, awesome interviewer, Tockett.
You did mention to him he had blocked me on Twitter.
He had no idea about it. And Grinnell,
he took a video of him unblocking me on Twitter.
I still think I don't think I did anything. I think
it might have been accidental or whatever.
The tweets were deleted. We'll never know. The tweets
were deleted. R.A. deleted his tweets?
Yep. I got a video of it.
Oh my God.
Oh, Lofton.
You wouldn't have deleted the tweets if you didn't do anything.
Somebody out there has got to have them. Somebody out there's got to have it.
It might have been just been cringy.
Like, you know, when I first was on Twitter 10, I mean, I'm going 10 fucking years ago.
Yeah, I definitely had like cringy tweets, but I don't think I said anything offensive.
I'll say this, though.
You interacted with him a lot on Twitter.
Like, it was weird how much you guys were tweeting at each other back like 10 years ago.
Yeah, he answered.
Yeah, he would.
He was answering like a lot of like direct questions, you know,
like I was asking, did he knock this former teammate out
and stuff like that?
All these sort of rumors, stuff I wouldn't do now.
But I don't know.
I think when Twitter tweeted him, he goes,
is Adam Oates a better passer than Wayne Gretzky?
And he finally blocked him when he's like, hey,
I'm outside your apartment.
Want to grab a cheese steak?
He lifted the restraining order to our. That's good. Good to grab a cheesesteak? He lifted the restraining order
too, R.A. That's good to know.
He let me within 50 feet of him for the interview.
Anyways, boys, like I
said in the intro, less than two weeks for the
puck playoffs. The hoop playoffs are already
here, so you're going to want to make sure
you're stocked up on the old pink Whitney because
the postseason can get a little antsy for you.
But if that's not your thing, then stop
playing your local bar to enjoy it as a chilled shot
or top it off with some club soda.
However you take it, enjoy the five times distilled vodka infused with fresh pink lemonade
flavor.
Pink Whitney.
Get some of that stuff.
Do you guys have any Pink Whitney for Easter?
I had a little bit over the weekend.
I had a big old glass on the rocks on Easter.
I drink it sure on the rocks.
I think it's phenomenal.
People say to me, oh, it's stupid.
It's not good.
I'm like, dude, I don't care if you don't think it's good.
I think it's phenomenal.
And I actually love with it on the rocks.
Once the ice melts a little bit, it's kind of on the water,
but not too much water.
The greatest bar just got Pink Whitney,
and it was flowing on Saturday for the game.
All four floors stacked with Pink Whitney.
So it only took them, what, two years since the drink came out to get it?
They were a little late, and it's embarrassing,
but they were a little late on it.
All right, now we're buzzing in there, though.
Better late than never.
Better late than never.
All right, Biz, I just said the other thing I blogged Saturday,
this hilarious story from the last week.
Minnesota, Ryan Hartman, he flipped off a
Vandecane of the Oilers during the game earlier
in the week. Wild Oilers came.
He ends up getting a 4,250
fine on sportsman-like conduct, the maximum
allowed under the CBA. A lot of people are like, oh, that's
soft, that's soft. It's like, it's not soft.
That's the NHL. I mean, if you fucking give the guy
a finger, they give you a fine. Andrew
Ferenc did it during the playoffs about 11
years ago. He got a 2,000 fine. He did it to did it to the fans didn't he did it to the fans or did it to
the guy in the box either way i mean it's a finger during play on ice i think it doesn't matter whether
you're giving it to a player or the fans i think if you if it's on camera i know but you just said
you just said people were saying it's soft and i was one of those people was myself
and you're like oh no but that's what happens don't you think it's soft though i don't think it's soft for a league to find a like this is their image man these are
their their players they don't want the guys giving the finger on camera i'm not i'm not
surprised at all that anyway what's wrong with the finger it's so weird to me like big deal
i'm not saying i'm personally not offended by it i but i understand why a league doesn't want
their fucking players on TV
fucking going like that.
Yeah, I fucking love it.
I like the emotion.
It's like, I mean, in wrestling, they give each other the finger.
I could see getting rid of the throat slash.
Yeah, you can't be throat slashing.
You can't be throat slashing.
I'm going to cut your jugular.
All right, yeah, fine.
Middle finger, it's just like, fuck you, Evander.
Fuck you.
Yeah.
I thought it was awesome.
Not opposed to it.
I'm an Oilers guy.
I'm not surprised there were fines.
Anyways, fans started flooding his Venmo with donations to pay the fine,
which is hilarious.
We talked about this before, paying professional athletes transgressions
like the pocket ticket with Marshawn.
Well, among those who gave money was Kane's ex.
She made a 200 donation.
I guess it's funny, but I thought it was kind of bizarre.
Did you think it was a little odd that you're going to give money to pay this fine?
Because the guy told your fucking ex to fuck off.
Yes, it's bizarre.
It's petty as shit.
It's fucking insane.
It's not normal behavior.
Yes.
This is not normal.
She is not working on her posture and doing breathing exercises.
She is not.
She didn't fuck off. Al Center, the fucking.
So Hobman comes on Twitter.
He says he's overwhelmed.
He's like, thanks so much, everybody.
But I'm going to pay the fine myself.
But whatever you guys donate, I'll donate to Children's Minnesota.
It's the local children's hospital in Minneapolis.
St. Paul.
Good guy.
Move.
Great guy.
Move.
That was Thursday.
He sent that tweet out Friday.
He gets up.
It's over 20,000.
Like, so he's like, Holy shit.
He essentially doubles his fine. He started up.
I'm going to put another 42 50 and get it close to 25.
I'm going to keep it open at seven o'clock tonight.
Seven o'clock tonight comes. He had 30,500 just in his Venmo.
That doesn't include that donation sent directly to the hospital, which you recommended people do obviously cut out the middleman.
It goes right to the hospital, But this is just a great story.
It comes out of a middle finger, and guy's pissed off.
And 30,000 gets donated to a children's hospital.
If that doesn't tell you how horned up Minnesota Wild fans are for playoffs,
that fuck, they are just raring to go.
I mean, as far as the petty bullshit,
like I hate talking about guys' personal lives on the podcast,
but like, yeah, it's just, I mean,
there's obviously been some rumblings there.
Now, is Evander Kane like kind of like the NHL bad boy,
most hated guy right now?
Is he flourishing in that department?
Has he overtaken Tom Wilson?
Yeah, I would say so.
That's a huge fan because he's nasty on the ice.
Sorry.
He's on pace for like 40 goals and 90 points, I think.
Biz, you ever give the finger on the ice?
Oh, yeah, 100.
But keep in mind, I think it was in leagues where they had one camera
going up top on the catwalk.
They were streaming. They were streaming
somewhere. Yeah, they had
the blurry video of me with the belt
out there, but yeah. It was Ozean Dean.
Yeah, I get what you're saying,
R.A. It's just like, hey, you can
do it, but we're just going to ching-ching you a little bit.
We're going to give you a little pee-pee whack.
I mean, I don't think
I'd ever seen it to the degree
that Kyrie Irving was doing it this
weekend but and i'm sure we'll get to that but all in all just uh i mean one of those stories
that just obviously gets wilder and wilder with it with the cane thing and then the donation so
bravo hockey fans and this is the type of shit our game needs especially in this maybe little
doldrum of the season but i i say that with all the fact that it seemed like most of the playoff
positionings might have been set, but it's like it's scrambled eggs right now.
We don't know who's going to be matched up against who.
It's going to come right down to the wire.
Right when you think Vegas might have things going,
they're losing it a little bit.
Vancouver's now fucking back in the mix.
So hockey's in a great place and we're getting a
little bit of that nba drama bullshit uh you know sick league type stuff and and i think we need it
and it helps the pod too i love it i think i wonder if kairi read the blog and was like i'm
gonna cure childhood cancer now and just because he gave 7 000 to the boston garden crowd sunday
like getting the rings in Sonic the Hedgehog. Ding, ding, ding, ding, ding, ding, ding, ding.
Just, I mean, obviously an awesome game.
The Celts won with a buzzer beater from Tatum.
But like, wait, I mean, some of your relatives
were sitting right there.
They actually received one of his.
My father-in-law, Dave, and my brother-in-law, Ty,
were, there's a video of Dave just giving it to him.
You can read his name.
He's like, you baby, you big, big baby.
And then that's right when he did the behind the he was right there.
First row.
He did a second row, did the behind the head, middle finger bird.
But I didn't even realize he'd been doing he did it when he ran out.
He did it after he hit it a three.
I mean, what the hell is wrong with that guy?
Maybe the biggest asshole in pro sports.
I hope he falls off his flat earth.
That fucking idiot. I hate Kyrie off his flat earth, that fucking idiot.
I hate Kyrie Irving.
What an unreal player, though.
The guy is a ridiculous talent, but dude, he told some kid to suck his dick
walking into the locker room, too.
This guy is insane.
And he's talking about how players are supposed to just listen to the fans
yell at him and not say anything back.
It's like, yeah. Sorry, wait. No say anything back. It's like, uh, yeah.
Yeah.
I mean,
sorry,
no,
go ahead.
He's the only one doing it.
Like,
I mean,
everybody else is getting yelled at.
He's not like,
no one else is saying,
fuck you.
We're giving the fingers to the fans.
These guys hear it in every city.
I know once in a while,
some guys,
I mean,
but it's a,
it's a him thing.
Yeah.
The,
the,
the,
the finger obviously very excessive.
I,
what's the reason for the hate?
I know that. I don't know what happened. I mean, he said he was going to resign there and then didn't, The finger, obviously very excessive. What's the reason for the hate?
I don't know what happened.
I mean, he said he was going to resign there and then didn't,
which was obviously one of the reasons.
But that's probably one of the most hated returns I've ever seen in pro sports. It was the entire game.
They were insulting them.
People were yelling more than just your big baby.
They were yelling everything other than racial slurs at him,
which that's why I think as an individual, like, I don't know,
if there's people fucking boom, I'd be fucking giving him the finger,
especially as he was lighting the lamp.
It seems like he was thriving and doing well under that type of pressure.
Mind you, they ended up losing great comeback to get themselves back in it.
But I mean, he has to hold himself to a higher standard
because he as a professional athlete but i also don't give a fuck that he was giving everybody
the finger for what he was putting up with at that building did you get fined oh he's got to
be good haven't heard yet but i mean he's got to get way more than hotman i mean nothing yet
nothing if they don't and what's weird is i don't know if he. So he said he was going to resign.
Then he didn't.
And then he came back and he stomped on the logo.
And then the kid threw the water ball at him.
So it's like if he doesn't understand why everyone in Boston hates him, he's dumber than you than you already think he is.
And the dude thinks the earth is flat.
Remind you.
Yeah.
So I think he's just I think he's like a deranged person.
I really do.
I think he's an insane asshole. I think he does the I think he's like a deranged person. I really do. I think he's an insane asshole.
I think he does the flat earth shit to like troll.
I don't think he really believes that.
I mean, he's not.
I don't think he's a dumb guy.
I think he trolls with the media a lot.
But yeah, business to answer your question.
He came here to do it.
Everyone loves to get him.
And the guy is a superstar.
He's talented as hell.
And then he said he was going to sign here.
And then he did a 180.
And then he just started kind of acting like like Boston was to blame.
And it's like, dude, all we did was like we have open arms for you man we thought you were
gonna come here and win with fucking with tatum and brown like all right man you're the missing
piece and then i don't know like you know he just did a 180 and like started acting like you know
the fanta with the asshole so you know how that goes people bristle back against them and then
he's just kind of he heard uh he heard the mayor was going to remove outdoor dining in the north end so he's like fuck this i'm getting out of here i'd side
him i'd side with him on that um you don't want outdoor dining in the north end no i'm saying i'm
i do no no i'm saying i i would side with whatever side that is maybe he was side with kairi if that
was the reason he left but it's not come on chill chill dog um i i thought it was funny when he
brought the sage didn't he bring the sage into the that shit yeah and then he's like a child
man i mean it's entertaining but it's like dude like nobody else is doing this you know what i
mean yeah and i guess when you make 40 sheets it's like fuck you you can do whatever you want
i mean look at the shit that harden did then he like, show up like a blimp to camp?
These guys, Ben Simmons, look at the shit that he did.
He's still getting paid all of his millions and in a place that he wanted
to be more than he was.
These guys, this league, man.
This league, exactly.
I sent this in the outline.
I was shocked, dude.
It was the Celts' first ever playoffs buzzer beater at home.
358 playoff games. They'd never had a home game in the playoffs where they was a buzzer beater with
where the celtics won i like some all the titles they won all the games they won i was shocked
that was the first time it happened but i'll put that in the book i'm writing about the celtics
that's great whit whit had you ever been part of a game where a player, home or away, was getting booed that bad?
Yeah.
My last few games in Pittsburgh as a Penguin,
I would say that I was right there.
No, I'm just kidding.
I mean, that's beyond anything I've ever seen.
But I've never played with somebody.
Actually, was I on the team?
No, I wasn't on the team anymore when Cook went to Boston, right?
They were giving it to him in Boston after the Savard thing,
but I think I was already gone.
I don't think I ever experienced anything like that, really.
What about you two?
Have you ever been in a building where you're booing someone like that?
I remember Chara used to get it so bad from the
montreal fans for years oh yeah ready incident oh yeah yeah yeah when he hit when they had to
change the uh they had to change the dashers into like rounded plexiglass after that incident they
almost killed him um bill lambert the pistons biz i mean keeping with the celtics used to go to
celts games all the time the anytime det Detroit was in town, Bill Lambert,
probably one of the biggest villains in NBA history.
He was a dirtbag, though, right?
If you were going to the hoop, he'd try to tear your ACL.
So dirty.
It wasn't that bad, but P.K. Subban used to get it from Bruins fans
when he was on the Canadiens.
He would get it pretty bad.
P.K. Subban also had one.
To the point of where they went overboard overboard one point one time
right he also had probably the greatest one of the greatest goals ever when he tied up game seven
with a rocket as a rookie over tim thomas's shoulder i remember that that was nuts and then
the bruins ended up winning that game in overtime i believe right all right that was yeah they won
seven yeah scored uh other hate other hated athletes returning anywhere.
Yeah. That's tough. Off the top of my head right now.
I'm kind of struggling with that. Damn. Yeah.
Also to Vancouver, like during the Stanley cup, when they,
when they came in, you know, later in the series,
after all the biting and all the shit, like I said,
like people hated the Bruins before that series, after two games,
it was like everybody in North America, except for Vancouver.
Game three of that series, when the Bruins before that series. After two games, it was like everybody in North America, except for Vancouver, was rooting for the Bs. Game three of that series, when the Bruins were down 2-0 and came back,
it was when Prime Minister Harper was sitting right next to me at the game.
I was like, what?
And right next to my buddy, Oki, he's like, you don't get a box?
And he's like, I like being closer to the action.
I'm like, can you imagine Trudeau sitting in here?
Somebody would strangle him to death.
He'd be coughing on him and shit.
Get four masks on.
Back to hockey quickly because we talked wild.
Tuesday night before I headed down to Naples, I went to the Bees Blues game.
And the main thought I had, and by the way, the Blues are 11-0-1 in the last 12, scoring over five goals a game.
Their PK is 95 in that run.
They are unbelievable right now.
And then watching Minnesota play, I feel so bad for both of those fan bases and even more bad for Minnesota in a sense that one of those teams is going to lose in the first round.
Oh, my God.
And I think I mentioned maybe last week that the fact that they're already like set to play, but that is going to be the craziest. And you saw the game that they just had the six,
five incredible win by St. Louis after almost blowing the big lead.
That is going to be the best first round series right now. You heard me say it. I think every
game will be close. It's going to be a war. And I unfortunately think right now I'm kind of leaning towards St.
Louis.
St.
Louis has in the middle right now.
Oh, Riley, Thomas Shen.
What?
Those are your three centers.
So I just kind of thought of the fact that those,
those two teams playing each other and how good minis look.
It's just very unfair that one of those teams has to go home in the
first round, but go ahead.
All right.
Sorry.
No, that's all right.
No problem at all.
Actually, that was Torrey Krug's first game back in Boston, right?
With the video.
Yes.
Yes.
Great video tribute for him.
I was talking beforehand about how I think so many people are undeserving of video tributes these days.
Could not agree more that Torrey really deserved one.
He's one of those guys that they had a great run while he was
here. He was a very, very
well-liked, not only player, but person
in the community. We've interviewed him a bunch
like nobody's ever had a bad word to say about
Torrey Krug. And then what does he do? He gets
an assist on the first goal and then snipes
another one right in front of my face.
Right now, I was on the
glass, unreal seats, but
the video was really cool because you kind of forgot
like crew came out of college hopped right in the lineup sniped on Lundquist in the playoffs
and never really looked back I mean he was just an undersized guy that was so fast had such a
great shot and then threw the weight around once in a while that hit on Thomas in the cup finals
one of his biggest oh man I was just gonna say I would have bet 50 grand that that hit was on that video tribute.
It had to have been.
No.
Oh, God.
Yeah.
Oh, yeah.
God.
Yeah.
Hilarious, too, because it's his teammate.
Now, that kid, by the way, on fucking shit.
That kid is sick.
The Blues.
I mean, they were scuffling not too long ago.
People like, oh, what's wrong with the Blues?
Now they're the hottest team in hockey.
Twelve one on one.
The last 14 versus Minnesota.
They beat them seven times in a row.
But also, we've got a note here.
Minnesota never had Marc-Andre Fleury before in the playoffs.
I don't even know if he's going to be starting, though.
Talbot's been fucking damn good since they did get him.
Obviously, he's in the pants.
Now, if playoffs started, I asked you about the Smith one last week.
Do you think Huso's getting the net instead of Bennington?
So I would say yes, but Bennington's won his last three he's given up two goals in each
so he's at least putting that question mark right into chief barubi's head right like like wade this
is the guy i won the cup with now he's rounding into form yeah yeah but i mean the games are
starting to matter so he's caring a little bit more and
friggin pareko in person isn't it's like he's so big and he's way faster than you think like
and then the way that uh yeah just like everything about that team it is they are a deep team that
they don't really need that much they'll get a chance boom they kind of take advantage of it
i mean they beat mini six five and then they went they went into Nashville and whooped them scored seven goals in the
second period,
which is the most goals scored in one period in this entire NHL season.
There's been about, I mean, the scoring this year is nuts.
I'd like to get your guys' opinions on maybe why you think it is this way.
I think,
I think that teams and guys are getting fatigued given the backlog schedule
and the fact that they are
playing later into the year this year just because everything was backed up I just think you're I
think that also on top of that they're really highly skilled really guys who are like their
fitnesses are completely dialed in and they understand the length of the season and how to
take care of themselves I think they're just really separating themselves and they're able to
exploit the game and it just so happens a few of you know a few teams have a lot of those guys where like
they got three lines that are just every night they're not slowing down pumping out offense i
mean you look at what colorado has done i think that they've scored three or more goals in in like
an insane amount of game or maybe it was even Florida so basically every night
you can guarantee that they're getting three or more goals which I mean just teams are just
scoring at alarming rates and you know all these you know goaltending issues that's what I was
going to say because a lot of teams have great goalies but there are a lot of teams that have
been struggling they're on their third fourth fifth sixth even six goalies this year so scoring
has been crazy like I mentioned in the, there were 102 goals scored Saturday,
only the second time ever that at least 100 goals were scored in one day in the NHL.
Back in 93, there were 103 on one day.
Also, the third day in NHL history that at least one team finished with 0, 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, and 9 goals scored.
Five games had 10 or more scored.
And then on sunday there were
51 more goals scored giving us the highest scoring weekend in nhl history the goals per game rate
this season is 6.3 that's the first time that it's been that high in 26 years also on saturday
with all 14 favorites won the game so chalk city for people who like oh my god what would that
parlay have paid?
Wow.
Yeah.
I mean, even if they're all huge Chalk, that's right.
Even if they're all big favorites.
I looked at the lines for tonight.
This is Monday recording.
There's like four games.
Teams are minus 300 because I think now Vegas is just I also think about the high scoring.
There's just there's some bad teams, right? And they're getting beat downs.
Like you see Jersey, Detroit,
you see some of these teams giving up
ridiculous amount of goals.
So some of these really high level teams
play these weaker teams and it's just point night.
It really does.
It's like the 80s and I love it.
I'm sure coaches are disgusted by it.
And I'm sure in the playoffs, it'll change a little bit,
but it goes back to R.A.'s point about,
in this playoffs, we're going to see it like 3-0.
And is it really that much anymore?
Like if you're down 4-1 with 16 minutes to go in the second period, say, like you're not out of the game.
It's just it's more entertaining in a way that coaches might be disgusted and players when the playoffs start might be able to reel it in.
But at times, I just think that the pace of the game and how tired guys are, there's nothing you can do about it.
Let's see.
Last week, we were talking about Gino Malkin.
He gave that nasty cross-check to the Borough Cops face.
He ended up getting four games for that.
I thought that was appropriate.
You guys think that was excessive?
Right on?
What?
I thought it was right on.
And, Biz, I didn't mean to hop in front of you there.
I just think with Matthew's getting the two on.
I would have snapped, but I got my Zen-like state going.
I know.
I know.
You're so Zen, dude.
You're so even looking at you like there's just like an aura around you.
I'm a changed man.
I'm totally relaxed, too.
Fucking all right.
I think that Matthew's getting the two games and then nothing
happening to dalene followed by malcolm with a very similar cross check only to see borowetsky
i can't say his name correctly sorry bud teeth and blood flying everywhere it's like all right
double it up because injury was caused right hours and hours in the dental chair i gotta go back to the dentist by
way not to make everything about me i got an old root canal that's now failing i either have to
get the tooth pulled or they're gonna try to like fix it from the bottom up it's a disaster and i
ask can i go under can you put me under for it please put me under and they won't so back to
the cross check though no no i think you bring up a good point. I think that hours in the dentist chair should translate to maybe games.
Yes, yes, yes.
You know, that could be a tack on.
So maybe that's, in fact, why they had to wait to make the ruling,
because it did take them a little bit longer than normal.
He's like, Dr. Fugasato, how many hours will he be in the chair?
We're looking at 23 hours.
And then George Pous is like, six gamer.
Boom.
That's all they do. 23 hours and george paus is like six gamer boom that's all they do 23 hours holy fuck is he getting a brain transplant what's the wall flying to australia
that's hey that's how long i was in the chair when that guy fucking told me i had 10 cavities
oh dude rider has 12 cavities. Get the fuck out.
Dude, he has to go.
He broke my record.
Dude, he has to get general anesthesia to do them all.
No wonder why Bree didn't want him getting candy.
I know, but the thing is, it's not even like he brushes his teeth every night.
I guess his teeth are so close together that once food gets stuck in there, it doesn't come out.
But I'm like
i'm a girl doctor's like we can either come back we can do like two a time and you can come five
or six times or six times sorry there's 12 and i'm like are you kidding me like after the first
one he's not gonna go back i'll be dragging him through the parking lot like that kid getting
dragged through the airport i don't know if you saw that twitter clip wait what if you're getting
scammed what if you're getting scammed?
Just like this.
This is third opinion shit.
Way above your level.
I'm telling you. Hey,
so I'm like, all right, I guess we'll put him under
a putting your kid under like I'm very nervous.
I hate it. And it happens
all the time. Kids go under to get tubes
put in their ears because you get a lot of ear infections.
But yeah, I just sorry to see just so he doesn't have to go a couple of times.
He like sneaks up on his kid with the white cloth.
No, I said I said to the doctor, I'm like, these teeth are going to fall out.
Like, what are we doing here?
And he's like, yeah, but the molars don't fall out.
So he's like 11, 12 years old.
My poor kids got like fucking George Washington teeth.
We've got wooden jibs.
Hey, get the Malkin special.
Bring them over.
Hey, Gino.
They suspend me from five podcasts because my kid has 12 cavities.
Instead of tying it to a door, just have fucking Gino fucking smack him out with a crest.
Yeah, get net front battles with Ryder and Gino.
Oh, shit.
Give me Russia best.
Not everybody's going to the playoffs.
Some guys are going to be starting golf early.
So G4 has a new lineup for spring for all your favorite core shoes, the Galavanthers.
Check out the flagship shoe for yourself on G4.com.
Explore new spring colorways to fit your style
and enhance your game on the course.
These new styles will be sure to catch your eyes on the golf course.
The Galavanters are made from premium pebble,
full grain leather, and a cleat design for optimal on-course traction.
The Galavanters will keep you planted through your swing
and dry on the course for those wet spring days.
So check out G4.com.
That's G-F-O-R-E.com slash chicklets
and get 10 off your first order today.
I've got to keep with the Penguins here for a sec, boys.
Hey, great wheels.
I just want to say those are the ones that we went all the sandbaggers in.
And when we're not winning them, we're not wearing the G4.
So shout out the G4.
Very comfy shoe.
And they got a lot of different kinds.
They got like the easy slip-on ones too.
Like if you don't like to wear those big, like the clunkier ones,
but if you like the bigger ones with more support, they got that too.
So shout out the G4.
And thanks for hooking us up for the sandbaggers, boy.
I think I'm wearing them in this one if we win.
Spoiler alert.
No spoiler.
Back to the Penguins.
Like I was saying, boys, they're not going to catch the Rangers,
but the Caps are only three points back with two games in hand.
So the Caps really control their own fate here.
I'll ask you first, Whit, would you rather face Shisterkin
in the Rangers or Florida in the first round of the playoffs?
So this is a great question.
I was thinking about it because I looked at the outline prior.
I'd rather play Florida.
I'm scared of the Rangers.
I'm scared of Avery.
They have, like, some crazy shit going.
How crazy does that sound to me?
But I don't really trust Bobrovsky,
and I think goaltending so important in playoffs now the argument is that the the the rangers five on five play is like
it can be kind of questionable and their power play is so hot that what happens when it maybe
dries out yeah but i don't know like the panthers without ekblad and i know there's a chance he
comes back middle of the first round.
I don't really know the recent reports.
But for me, and it's why I get on Toronto so much,
it's like goaltending, goaltending.
Like you cannot win without an elite goalie.
And I see this Shisterkin guy and I see the seasons he's having
and the season he is having.
And I know he had that questionable run while we were in Atlanta
and while I was feeding Avery his lunch and stuffing him in a locker but lately he's completely back to like this unbeatable
force and he has his obviously ways over Pittsburgh right he's waving goodbye to him he shut him out
that game he dominated him all season it's kind of a lose-lose right but in terms of like I don't
really buy or trust the Panthers yet once they win around yeah i think
things will change but it's like and i know the rangers haven't done anything but i don't know
what it is about goaltending and me being afraid it's just irking and kind of not really being sure
about brovsky now the good thing is to play devil's advocate a little for panthers fans
the seven of you that want me dead you have Spencer Knight so that's kind of the game changer
in all this that if you do have a struggling Bob boom this first round pick studs coming in so
I don't know biz what do you think I think it's a coin toss um I was critical the way that uh New
York opens things up and you talked about their five on five play and and how many scoring chances
they give up and high quality ones at that over the last little bit I feel like they've buttoned that up
and addressed that and they are playing a little less uh I guess you could say riverboat gamble
gambling style um but I guess it's hard for me to say that I trust Shusterkin more because he's
never really been on a playoff run,
and neither is Bob.
And then, but on the flip side of that,
I think that after the trade deadline,
I think that, I don't know if that Georgiev was, like,
scared that he was going to get dealt and didn't want to.
He wasn't playing particularly well.
He was talked about being a trade piece
and then never ended up going anywhere
because they were able to get all those guys they got
without having to give up any true assets true assets and since then he's been on
fire too so they kind of have that one one two punch as well i agree with you though everything's
been going according to plan for them on the power play and then all of a sudden you get the playoffs
and your matchup is against a team who's very good in the pk And if that dries up, it's like next thing you know, it's over. So I would probably lean more towards wanting to play Florida as well.
And it also is because Ekblad won't have been healthy as long
in the regular season to maybe get his footing underneath him.
I don't know what's going on with the long-term IR situation
to where maybe he
can't even come back till playoff starts.
So that to me is a little bit of a question mark.
Is he able to slide right in and just kind of get back to his normal self?
He kind of offsets the like, well, you got Adam Fox,
the North defenseman and the guy back there where now all of a sudden you got
it back.
So that to me is a, is a big component as well and why I'm leaning towards
I'd rather play Florida right now.
I also  I think mainly it's like as I talk about the crazy offense this year,
whenever I see high-scoring teams, I'm just kind of like,
oh, way to the playoffs.
Way to the playoffs.
So maybe it's that where like, yeah, you score so many goals,
but that's going to change.
That won't matter.
But, I mean, they gave Tampa a great series last year.
And the other thing is, I think this was  I think I heard this a couple weeks back,
so maybe it's not the case, but I'm pretty sure that
so do you know the pairing that's played the most minutes five-on-five together
this year in the league?
Not Devon Taves and Makar.
I would probably.
I don't think you'll get it.
And everyone will let me know if I'm incorrect.
And this has changed since I heard it a few weeks back.
It's Keandre Miller and Jacob Truba.
So they formed this like, I mean, Truba hammers guys.
Miller skates so well.
So you got Fox playing with Lindgren.
And then, you know, the bottom pairing, like, I like that Schneider a lot in New York.
I don't know about Nemeth, but the Rangers are better defensively than just Shusterkin.
And I think that's the main reason I said that.
And it pains me to say it because Avery's such a piece of shit.
Yeah, Miller's been outstanding.
Not Sean Avery, folks.
We have a behind-the- scenes camera guy i i think i
think i love it how about sean avery's spear of that guy's knee yeah he tried to ruin a guy's
life in men's league so he's still up to his old antics no matter where he is folks he is just that
thorn in your side could be men's league where did did he go? He must've got, went and got the, the,
the,
the camera footage,
like the security cam.
Imagine being worth that much money and like going at like after men's league,
going up to ask the security cam guy for the footage.
So he could fuck.
Maybe he had his own guy coming to film the game.
I mean,
if there's one place you should be able to be a ham and egg,
or it's like men's league and give a little fucking salute to the crowd.
No ham and egg when Abe's is on the ice.
One other note, the Penguins, they got some bad news over the weekend.
Goalie Tristan Jarry, he's going to be week to week with a suspected foot injury.
It's the last thing you want going into the playoffs is a goalie on the week to week fucking injured reserve.
It's really bad news.
It's really bad news.
It's really bad news. I feel bad called it. It's really bad news.
I feel bad because overall, Jari's had a great season.
And the reason that I am going to be  I know this is hard.
This is hard.
The reason I'm going to be picking against the Penguins in the first round,
I don't have the exact numbers, but I heard it today.
Since Thanksgiving, the Penguins are like 25, say 25 and four against non-playoff teams.
And they're around like eight and 16 versus playoff teams.
And now Jari's out.
It's just kind of one of those things where as much as Crosby's had this insane year,
that is not getting talked about enough.
He's been out of this world.
I just don't think the penguins have it
this year and that jaw re-injury was gut-wrenching for those fans and that team wow what a turncoat
i saw 24 sheets that guaranteed your family and you're just going to turn on them because they
had a bad end of the regular season three times three stanley we posted a picture you're gonna
fucking jump off the wagon because
they had because they're eight and sixty and a good playoff team check out this fucking
stat guy that's fucking bad i saw somebody wrote i had there was a picture
granella you posted or memes posted of me hugging sid when he got his hundredth point from behind
first of all he's like get off. And somebody wrote beneath it, I'm
going to ride you all the way to the
bank.
Somebody wrote that on Twitter.
Oh, fuck.
The same way I saw somebody
wrote a hilarious comment under Perry
was like hugging gets left
after the game Tampa and
I'm somebody wrote underneath. I'm surprised
you didn't knee him in the head.
Oh, that could be good.
Some good shit on Twitter.
I believe that was another Montreal incident.
Montreal fans will not let you forget, right?
Or no, actually.
So he was on Montreal and he got embarrassed.
It was your scumbag fan base.
Oh, no, that was a fucking knee.
Fuck him.
Fuck off.
Well, boys, we know who's going to be in the east.
The west still got some stuff to settle there.
Vegas, Dallas, Nashville, and L.A.
All vying for the last three spots.
Vegas pretty much in desperation mode right now.
Everybody was wondering what's going to happen when Mark Stone comes back to the lineup.
Vegas set a new record by sending seven guys to the LTII.
A lot of these guys have been banged up.
I think they were kind of just waiting to see how it played out.
But then they were shut out by Edmonton Saturday while Dallas beat San Jose.
So the Golden Knights, like I said, really got their work cut out for them.
They're now three points behind L.A. for third place in the Pacific.
They do have a game in hand, but they're four points back of both Dallas
and Nashville in the wild card.
Those two teams have a game in hand.
Logan Thompson has basically taken over the starters.
Greece, Robin Lehner, struggling a little bit. Pete DeBoer has game in hand. Logan Thompson has basically taken over the starters, Greece. Robin Lena struggling a little bit.
Pete,
the boy is totally handed over to Logan Thompson.
There should be a few huge games down the stretch,
Dallas and Vegas,
April 26th.
Hopefully that game will have some huge ramifications.
It's the only game left among those four teams.
I just mentioned it's the only head to head game for those,
for those two teams.
I just met.
I just fucking talk myself in a circle.
Yeah. Dallas and Vegas are the only two. You just gave me a concussion. I two teams I just met. I just fucking talked myself in a circle. Yeah, Dallas and Vegas are the only two teams playing each other. You just gave me a concussion.
Yeah, I'm struggling. I got to recalibrate.
Yeah, four teams I mentioned.
You would think there'd be a few more games among
those teams playing, but only Dallas and Vegas.
The only two to go head-to-head, but either way,
who do you got going
in this? Who do you think makes it? I said on
the TNT broadcast, as much as I
wanted Vegas in in and i
thought that a few games ago they were gonna get there i i think it's gonna be la i think they're
gonna hold position i think they have a pretty good strength of schedule coming up in their favor
uh maybe one more playoff team and then i think they finished their last five or six against
non-playoff teams i think ra's got it and i was bang on keep the fucking change buzzing right now um and the the loss to vancouver killed them they
only got one point in in two games against vancouver when vegas did and then to get blown
out and blanked by the oilers was, I think, the nail in the coffin.
And I don't know if we want to shift over to the Oilers first or kind of, you know, pump L.A.'s tires more and think to talk about Nashville.
What do you want to talk about, R.A.?
I want to talk about the Vegas Golden Knights.
This is like hockey karma for all the bullshit they've pulled in the past few years.
like hockey karma for all the bullshit they've pulled in the past few years all all the amount of trading guys getting rid of guys the grass is always greener it's like this is disgraceful if
they miss the playoffs and you could talk about injuries their power play has scored one goal in
nine games dude it's pathetic and to have the roster they have and to have Stone out was a killer.
And Pat, like, yes, they've missed all these guys.
But for them not to make the playoffs is an absolute joke.
And then you look at it like, oh, every year is not good enough.
Go to the cup finals.
Trade this guy.
Trade this guy.
Fleury's gone.
It's like, what are you doing?
They've never been comfortable and confident with the team they've had,
even though they've had some great teams.
Now, all of a sudden, I don't think they're going to get in either.
Now, L.A. has kind of been reeling,
but their schedule is really going to help them
in terms of the teams they're playing.
They've got to win these games.
But for Vegas to go in and lose to Edmonton,
you're trying to say that's a knock.
Edmonton might be the best team in the league right now.
No, I'm saying in a must win situation to lay another egg,
not even get a goal in which they'd been doing.
Like, I mean, buddy, they beat that.
They won their games against Seattle,
but they've laid a few eggs against teams that they've had to play well
against. Like I remember even like,
I think it was five games ago where the board was like,
I don't even have answers for you.
We were just flat out fucking brutal.
I will agree with you
on the hockey karma side of things with the the lack of maybe loyalty i think that from from an
unbiased and outside perspective like taking that completely out of the way and just going hey this
is fucking sports and this is how it goes you'd probably be happy with the moves that they've
made like you need to establish that the fact that you have a number one center,
you got to have depth at that position. You have to have, you know,
solid balanced lines. You have to have a good backend, uh,
obviously where they went, went wrong,
but they did so in order to kind of get Eichel was getting rid of flurry and
the salary that he had.
Goaltending is still kind of shaky ground in the area. They,
they do need to kind of, they need to really solidify that position.
But I would say that if they don't make playoffs,
I would then use next year coming in,
having all that off time in order to get the team healthy and hit the reset
button,
establish that chemistry that you have kind of as an organization created that
unsettling chemistry because of any chemistry you've
ever had really that that's that's that's fine but what you're trying to build though is a stanley
cup winner right you're trying to get the pieces in place to where you have those guys who can get
you over the line they had a magical year that that first year and every year over year they've
regressed and i completely agree with you it's it's bad from a loyalty and and affecting the
the culture looking at all that but if you're taking that unbiased perspective you're probably
happy with the guys that you have in place to potentially get you there i think that that so
this year was a shit storm dealt with all the fucking injuries they didn't get eichel till
halfway through coming back off the neck thing uh you know getting piece by piece back but that's still not really having
the full lineup cranking on all cylinders they never had that opportunity one time this year
so that's why i say from from you know from a non-hater perspective i'd say yeah no excuse that
they make they miss playoffs but i would I would say give everybody involved who made these decisions
one more year to show if it can work.
Coaching staff, personnel, all the way up to you.
I bet you they have a new coach if they miss the playoffs next year.
You think they're going to fire DeBoer if they miss playoffs?
I think this owner's nuts, dude.
I think that at that point then, it's just like then you've lost the
plot completely it's like you have just turned over at any fucking chance you got and just look
for the scapegoat in order for you not to land on the grenade at one point i think you gotta
fucking say all right are your moves done is everything good to go is this the squad all
right address a few minor issues going into next season but these are the guys let's keep everything stable and let's give
them a full year kick at the can for for them to fire DeBoer after this type of season I think it's
just well who the fuck you gonna go get and there's some people out there who are like yeah
they don't believe in DeBoer it's always DeBoer's fault I don't know man he's I know he's had some
pretty solid teams but he went to this cup final with San Jose.
Not really sure if they were expected to get there
when they got there.
He went with that New Jersey team
where nobody probably thought they were going to go that year.
And...
Bring in Torts.
I don't know.
We went long on Vegas,
but I think it's an important franchise to talk about given all the superstars they have and the fact that they're not going to make playoffs.
And it's been absolutely chaos from year one. And it's a strong fan base now who I'm sure are going to want some answers.
And they are a fickle fan base, too. They pick sides. They have their their guys and the guy, their favorites.
So going to be an interesting situation. But we talked about it last part, too.
their favorite so uh gonna be an interesting situation but we talked about it last pod too there could probably potentially be about nine maybe even ten uh vacant would you say vacant
or non-vacant or vacant vacant um coaching vacancies coaching like like when the hotel
says no i haven't took a breath in four minutes so let me breathe and i'll think of the fucking
word i'm thinking um i in in i guess positive notes well not if you're robin
i never even heard of this logan thompson he's now their starter he was undrafted he played a
year of like canadian university and then east coast league up and down to ahl coast and now
he's he's kind of taken over the the spot i mean it's been a tough year for leonard with injuries
and everything else but i at least that's a guy who's getting a pretty cool chance to play
in the NHL and doing well.
Biz, you just mentioned
Edmonton. Might as well keep with that.
Keep your fucking positive stories off the goddamn
timeline, Whit. We're here to
talk about the drama, bitch.
It's fucking Easter Sunday.
I'm not breathing the rest of the pod.
Fuck everybody.
Mike Smith on fucking fire.
Oh, my goodness.
40-year-old goalie.
He's won six in a row, seven of eight, put up back-to-back shutouts.
He's pretty much locked down second place in the Pacific.
Going to play either LA or Vegas.
Vegas gets a little burst of energy here.
He's the seventh goalie to have back-to-back shutouts at age 40 or older.
First since Produa back in 2013.
Since St. Patrick's Day, he's 8-1-1
with a 1.98
.940 save percentage.
Does this continue into the playoffs?
Of course
it does.
Let me tell you something,
R.A. This team
has battled through so
much, so much hate, so much shit talk from
opposing fan bases, so much shit talk from their own fan base half the time, including me. I was
hard on them, but they have rounded a corner and Woodcroft has come in and changed everything.
And yes, you needed goaltending. That was the argument Bob Stauffer gave to us a long time ago,
or at least he gave it to me privately.
It's like this team is not as bad as what's showing right now.
They couldn't get a stop.
They couldn't do it.
And Smith's come back, and he is on a roll.
He's on a run.
Like I said, he got biz, a team with biz to the Western Conference Finals.
He could do it with this team.
And yes, they are heavily carried by two forwards.
But don't forget these other guys, the Yamamotos, the Evander Kane,
the guys that have kind of stepped up and stepped in
and given McDavid and Dreitzel the ability to not have to carry this team.
You know what happened when they beat Vegas 4-0?
McDavid and Dreitzel didn't have a point.
They weren't on the stat sheet and they beat a desperate,
good hockey team that needed a win for nothing at home.
Am I ultra confident that they're going to go on this crazy run to this
Western conference final or the standing up final?
Not really,
but am I way more confident than I was going into last year?
And then earlier this year when the struggles going, yes,
because this team plays different now.
I don't know what it was about Tippett.
I don't know if the message wasn't getting through anymore,
but something has triggered this change.
Woodcroft coming in, mainly being goaltending and getting a save.
We're now all of a sudden you have everyone buying into the same system.
You say McDavid and Dredd sound need to play more defense.
They're playing great on the other side of the puck.
And Cody Ceci's caught heat.
He looks good to me.
They have guys that are playing well at the right time.
And people say, don't peak too early.
Well, we've peaked at the exact right time
because we've now locked in the home ice in the first round.
We got home ice advantage in the first round in Edmonton.
And people say, I'm going to be getting my ear pierced.
I don't know about that.
Calgary has one line.
Mangia Ponte can't score anymore, biz.
You have one line.
That's it.
We got depth all over the map up in E-Town, baby.
Don't even worry about anything else besides the Oilers
and the run that they're going on continuing right into the first round,
where I really do hope we get the Kings, because that's a minus 150 because that's a minus 150 money money matchup that's a minus one all right minus 150 to 170 favorite for edmonton
in that series um probably higher i'd probably put him wow yeah i would say i would say six even
biz told me he was wearing in private listeners what do you mean in private i fuck i think i said
i i think i tweeted it oh i'm buddy i'm telling you what man the edmonton oilers have found their mojo everything
you described is absolutely right but the way that mcjesus pointed at smitty when he set him
up with that backhand pelt up the middle on ot and he's like you're my guy you're my guy i was like
oh no oh smitty has risen you know i know it was just easter and smitty has risen and
he's come back to the same guy that i saw when he dragged my ass to the western conference finals
um and i said the same thing on tnt i'm like i think that the edmonton oilers are gonna work
the la kings especially i don't even know if we got to mention it last week.
And the fact that Dowdy's now out for the season after having surgery,
buddy, it, I don't know why you brought it to the Calgary flames.
Cause like, Hey, they've,
they've proven themselves to be one of the top teams.
So you shut your fucking goddamn mouth when talking about my flames,
you just worry about you guys in your first round matchup against this layup team and that's probably the only reason you're gonna get out of the first
round and what would set up for the perfect situation in my mind would be a head-to-head
match and that's the way it should be of the battle of alberta in the second round of playoffs
and we talk about that's not that's not that wouldn't happen no because it all gets receded
it's not like coming out of the division in the second round like last year it's kind of been so
confusing so that the two and threes in each division play each other and then the one in
each division pay the two wild cards and after that it'll recede it won't be like out of the
ball they used to do that all the time for that reason and then the one year they might get the battle of alberta goes back to the other way oh my god uh as a calgary fan and a man who
will have the dumbest haircut on t in tv history on tnt for an entire basically a month and a half
would you rather play dallas or nashville i would rather play dallas oh okay nashville with the
travel it scares me a little bit.
That building rocks.
You saw how hard of a time they made it against Carolina last year.
And then, as you mentioned, the depth scoring is a little bit of a concern.
And much like we talked about how everything's been going right
for the Rangers power play and Shusterkin this year,
yeah, you get a little nervous.
I mean, we always mention that, you know,
Goudreau may be having some difficulty sometimes in playoffs,
but I just think overall the structure of the team and the way it's built
and the way that the goaltending situation set up,
I think that either way they're going to get out of the first round.
But I think that Dallas would be ripe for the picking.
But Nashville scares me.
Agreed.
Yeah, Biz, just to piggyback, Drew Doughty,
he's done for the year after undergoing successful wrist surgery,
expected to make a full recovery in time for next season.
And the playoffs are coming, gang.
And listen, if you want some last-minute seats,
you know where to go.
Our friends at GameTime.
GameTime is the new exclusive ticketing partner of Barstool Sports.
They're the only ticketing company that Barstool Sports uses to buy tickets.
Created by fans for fans, GameTime is a new ticketing app
that makes it easier than ever to score last-minute deals on tickets
to sports, concerts, and shows. And they guarantee the lowest price.
Mikey, you just took advantage of them over the weekend, correct?
Yeah, it's actually really funny, too.
First off, shout out to Game Time for hooking me up with tickets this past weekend to the Bruins game.
But me and my buddy always used to buy tickets back in the day when we first got to New York City to concerts, everything around the city.
And we'd always use the Game Time app.
So I went to the game with my buddy actually a
couple days ago and i said to him i'm like yeah game time hooked us up and he was like dude we
used to use that app every single night when we first got to new york city so i've been repping
with game time for a long time so shut out game time absolutely the second week in a row no no bs
that people have come to my feed said they used it got awesome seats either cheap or just last
minute whatever it did what it was supposed to do.
You ever dreamed of sitting behind the glass?
Well, it's possible with the Game Time app.
The biggest last-minute price drops can be found on the seats,
and on seats you thought you could never buy.
The purchase process takes two taps and 10 seconds.
Once you buy your tickets, they're delivered directly to your phone.
No printing needed.
The app also allows you to easily
share tickets with friends via text so you can get into the game seamlessly skip the hassle and
enjoy the moment the best part you get 20 off your first purchase so download the game time app go to
the account tab to create a login and redeem code chicklets 20 off your first purchase. Terms do apply.
Check it out.
Great stuff for the playoffs.
All right, boys.
Game time.
Awesome stuff, man, especially if you're like me.
You like doing stuff last second.
Nothing better than having good seats for either face value or cheapy.
You can't beat it.
All right, a couple of milestones this week, boys.
We've been talking about all these points and goals being scored. That means guys are hitting some big milestones.
And Tuesday, last Tuesday in Seattle, our buddy Johnny Goudreau,
he hit 100 points for the first time in his career
when he assisted on a Matthew Kachuk goal.
Couldn't have come at a better time for Goudreau.
He's going to be a UFA this summer, coming off a six-year,
40.5 million deal.
He's going to be probably getting a 3 million raise.
Either way, he's up to 105 points in 75 games played.
He's the first player taken in the fourth
round or later to hit 100 points
in the season since Daniel Alfredson
way back in 2005,
2006. And then
Friday in front of his home crowd, our buddy Austin Matthews
assisted on Michael Bunting's
21st of the year to hit triple digits
for the first time in his career.
It's crazy, dude. I couldn't believe this. He's only
the third Toronto Maple Leaf ever to hit 100 points in a season.
Yeah, I couldn't believe it.
Doug Gilmour and Darryl Sittler each did it twice.
Let's see, Matthews did it in 69 games, which is the third fastest ever.
He's also just the third American to hit 100 points in 69 or fewer games.
Pat LaFontaine did it, as did Kevin Stevens.
And his partner in crime, Mitch Monter, is just six games.
I'm sorry, six points from 100 points.
He's got six games to get there.
Biz, we'll go to you for the weekly stroke off.
I'm impressed.
I'm impressed with what he's done all season long.
I said he's the greatest made-believe of all time.
We came out with T-shirts.
Like, what else is there to say?
I'm really, really proud of this kid.
He's going to keep fucking humming. He's going to bring it to playoffs. out with t-shirts like what else is there to say i'm really really proud of this kid he's gonna
keep fucking humming he's gonna bring it into playoffs all you doubters out there are just a
bunch of fucking clowns he's gonna take a massive shit and all your doubt in the first round of
playoffs and he's gonna march those boys all the way to the final so i'm proud of matthews as far
as those are both my teams so i gotta do the double double barrel stroke off and johnny bro
contract gear man i mean whit was just fucking
trying to rag on you guys but uh props where it's due 105 points still running and uh and i mean
talk about getting his payday him and his line mate are both going to get their fucking payday
matthew kachuk who's probably going to be right close behind them hitting 100 points as well so
uh just two unreal first lines that have been humming all year long
and two of the best first lines in all hockey.
And as far as Bunting's concerned, I still think he's in the run for the Calder.
I think he's only got four power play points all year.
So as far as even strength points as a rookie,
and people say he's playing with Marner and Matthews,
doesn't fucking matter.
I think he's second.
What do you want to bet he's not in the final three?
Oh, I think he's going to be in the final three.
Okay, what do you want to bet?
Okay, what are my odds?
None.
Even money?
You've been calling this guy fucking called a trophy winner.
I'll bet you 200 bucks.
Is that a lot of money?
Is that embarrassing?
Does that get me out of bed
in the morning mostly no but for you i'll do it 500 bucks how about 500 bucks he's gonna be in
the top three thank you very much there we go fuck come on voters what do you don't do it the guy
it's like happy gilmore in third grade when he's like telling the kids don't ever wish you have to
go to high school or bill Billy Madison, excuse me.
He's not up in the top three.
By the way, Biz?
I think you're going strictly on age.
And I think that if you watch any Leafs games,
you'd see he does way more things than just get points and score goals.
And he's just all around a very good hockey player.
And can help you score five on five,
which is one of the hardest things to do in the National Hockey League.
He doesn't  go look at all the inflated power play numbers
on points for all those other guys.
I'm not saying he's going to win it.
I think Marit Sider is probably going to end up taking it down.
But I think if you don't consider him in the top three,
you're a goon who doesn't watch the Leafs play.
You're too busy sucking off your fucking Oilers.
You have to be crazy in my mind
to believe if you were to put Bunting next to Tanner Janot that you'd have Bunting in the final
three over him I think the way that in Bunting's a great player but playing with those two guys
and then looking at Tanner Janot and the and the entire overall game, the fighting, the goals.
Yeah, that's fine.
But he also had one point in his first 12 or 13 games of the season.
And unfortunately, I'm going to fucking evaluate the entirety of the season and the full body of work.
Do I think what you know is done in the last, you know, 55 to 60 games has been incredible?
Absolutely.
But he hasn't put up the numbers for a a bigger sample
size of in which he's done do i think that i think janeau probably deserves to be in the top three
to be quite frank i'd probably have him in there over raymond and now all of you fucking red wings
fans are going to be all over me for the next week i just finished stroking you off and sam
marie is probably going to win the goddamn thing. So I think, you know, because of you and the reason that you mentioned, you know, why did
you mention him?
Not only because he has goals, you did fight because because he fucking fights.
He brings the intangibles.
What did I just stroke off bunting for the intangibles?
Go look at how many penalties he draws, how many times he's going to go to the blue paint.
So he screens the goalie.
So, Matt, you can fucking tuck it in and talk it tuck it top cheese there's a lot that goes into getting 60 65 goals as a line mate
and 10 of those might be with fucking great screens in front of the net where you didn't
even end up getting a fucking point on so i agree with you that's why i tend to like jeno more than
i do raymond and i think that I think that I mean I might be
speaking out of turn here I don't think that he's really had quite the strong finish that Bunting
and you know have has had and on top of that playing in relevant fucking hockey games that
mean something on winning divisions and or getting your team in the playoffs so sorry for offending
you Red Wings fans and wit maybe maybe a couple of Buffalo fans can meet at a tailgate
with a couple of Red Wings fans before Chicklets Cup
and just dummy you together.
It would be like a meeting of the minds.
Is your argument more based on age,
or is it more based on his line mates,
or is it a collection of the both?
It's kind of a combination.
Okay, fair enough.
My other Leafs take for this week,
Mitch Marner is incredible like i know i said you heard it here first i know i said neilanders you heard it here first well i'm preface i'm prefacing my point by being a nice guy
and being a true fan of the game. I can't stand him.
I cannot stand him.
I cannot stand watching his celebrations
and his dancing after he scores.
Do you see McDavid?
Do you see Crosby?
Do you see fucking guys around the league,
Getzlaff, doing these little dances
after he scores a goal?
Mitch Marner is like what makes being a sports fan so great.
In my instance, it's like disliking guys and wanting them to fail.
Now listen, that sounds so bad, and I'm not talking off the ice.
I'm sure the kid's a great kid.
I've never met him.
But on the ice, I want the Leafs to lose because of Mitch Marner.
He drives me crazy, partly because he's so good,
and partly just his little new dance move after goals
and just looking at other guys around the league
that I've never seen pull that off.
It's just going to make it that much sweeter
when the Leafs lose this year.
You are a hating sack of shit.
That's what makes a great being a fan, though.
There's reasons to dislike.
The same thing that Steph Curry's doing you do you not like steph curry do you not like him engaging with the fans and okay so for some reason i think it's like different in hockey maybe i'm that old boomer
stupid take of like you but i don't but i don't hate the the skill of the game and and i i really
like watching him play it's something about him on on the ice that gets me going in a negative fashion as a fan,
which I think as a player you'd want.
His goal is to probably piss off all non-Lease fans.
And I just mainly think he's really good at it, if that makes sense to you guys.
All right, do you know what I'm saying or no?
If Witt was born in the era where he got to watch Jordan through through his prime he would have been bitching at the fact he was eating
bubble gum on the no jordan didn't do any of that shit dude that's a tough analogy by you
well i don't agree with like his opinion on mine i get what he's saying like he just yeah he fuels
his his like hatred toward his game whatever by by this little stuff i don't know his game
the extra stuff yeah the extra the extra curricular stuff.
What exactly has he done as far as, like, can you send me a video?
Just recently, a couple goals.
He's doing this little dance after.
It's driving me crazy.
Maybe because I'm just like, I hate the Leafs so much,
and this guy's like.
I want it to go viral.
I want to see TikToks of this dance he's doing,
and I want people to, like, print out photos of it and put it on your front lawn i think it was in the auto a game this weekend and now
granted like i am a leafs hater and i'm watching this game i'm like this fucking kid and he's also
i think he's outscored the entire league in the past few months like this guy's unbelievable i
can openly admit an unreal top end superstar in the game but he fucking makes me hate the leafs even more than
i already do and i know there's leafs haters out there that will agree with me who else in the
league would you say compares to him with that do you think zegras is on that level yeah but see i'm
such a open book to this stuff that if you like me and you're friends with me i'll just like you
so because i've never met marner that's why i don't like him until you're friends with me, I'll just like you. So because I've never met Marner, that's why I don't like him.
Until you're dabbing him up at a Leafs game after they win the Cup.
Until we do a sandbagger and I'm hugging him,
asking for his phone number.
If I come in the locker room, he's like,
he does a little shimmy.
He's like, sorry, buddy.
Have you seen the shimmy I'm talking about or no?
Have you not seen it?
No, but I'm going to learn it
and I'm going to do it every time I see you.
It's like a little shoulder shimmy.
It's like this new thing he's been doing.
He's probably going to get 100 points, too, though.
So that'll be the fourth.
Yeah, in playoffs this year.
Post a clip of him doing the shimmy shake,
and make sure all you Leafs fans, when you see each other on the sidewalk,
do the little.
What are some famous dances that involve that movement?
Grinelli, you'll know them.
I mean, Antoine Walker
had that famous shimmy for the Celtics
years ago. That was unbelievable. The wiggle
he had going. It was incredible.
It was this goal when it went off his foot
in Ottawa. I'm watching
the goal right now, though, so I'll see. Go ahead.
All right. Chris Kreider.
50 goals. How the hell does that guy
have 50 goals? Power play.
50 goals. He's got 25 on the have 50 goals? Power play. 50 goals.
He's got 25 on the power play, a team record.
He joins Austin Matthews and Leon Dreisaitl as one of three guys.
They have 50 on this year.
Great to see.
It's a huge marker in any goal scorer's fucking career.
Nice to see him come back because we had a few years without that.
I think that should null and void anybody making fun of him anymore
for that offside that he had where he was 45 feet offside.
Yeah, it's the internet, too.
They never forget.
So I think that that should null and void it,
given the success he's had this year.
And I think the most career high he had before that,
R.A., was 28?
28, yeah, 28.
He's only the fourth ranger to get 50 goals.
This is another stat I was surprised.
These franchises are so old,
I would have thought a lot more guys scored 50 uh jeremy yaga adam graves vick hadfield the
only three ranges to do it before him uh the first time in 12 years that the league has had at least
350 goal scorers uh let's see crosby stamkos and ovi did it 12 years ago uh and the ranges also
tied carolina i'm sorry yeah carolina with 104 points. Carolina does hold the tiebreaker, but these two teams do play one more time.
April 26th at Madison Square Garden.
Should be an interesting takedown.
The stretch.
The Canes also lost Freddie Anderson and Jordan Stahl in Colorado the other night.
Stahl took a huge hit from Kael McCaw.
Anderson left late in the third.
Needin' help to the bench.
We'll keep an eye on that.
But also Saturday versus the Red Wings.
The Stevie White Goon squad shows up yet again frank vetrano gets a goal absolutely bundled by dylan lock and after i'm not sure if you saw vetrano's quote after uh he said it
surprised me i didn't expect a player like him to hit me late like that it's all right though
because he got walked later on that between the legs goal. We sent him home with his tail between his legs.
Whoa.
Fire flames coming at you.
We're going back to this league segment.
We're going back.
I was going to talk quickly on Carolina.
Are their wheels falling off a little bit?
If they lose first round, man, I'm going to feel so bad for them and that fan base.
I mean, that hit that Makar threw on Stahl might get him the Norris back.
Stahl's 6'3", 230, and Makar lit him up like a Christmas tree.
Well, it could have been his performance against L.A. as well,
but yes, I agree that the hit was nice.
I know basically since I went back and took back my car,
you'll see my car had like seven points in two games.
Yeah.
But yeah, I said last week that the Carolina fans,
who we have an angry bunch at the wit dog.
I hate to use the third person, but Jesus Christ,
I'm going down to Pinehurst in two weeks.
I'm afraid some scrub
named Bubba might come out of the woods.
We'll get a two-to-one special on
security. We'll use this
for Buffalo.
With a Carolina Hurricanes jersey over
my head, but I don't
know. I think a lot of people said,
what are you talking about? No superstar.
The St. Louis Blues won the cup
without a superstar.
I would say Petrangelo was one of the best defensive in the league.
And also in the playoffs, O'Reilly was a superstar.
So I could kind of see their argument on that.
But without Anderson and without Stahl, granted, Stahl plays lower in the lineup.
He's the leader of that team. He's the captain.
I don't know if he'll be able to come back in the next few weeks.
But yeah, I'm just going to kind of stick with my hurricane stick.
And quickly, I watched the video of Marner.
It's me really deflecting how much I can't stand the late leaves because you're going to see this be like, what the fuck are you talking about?
But I'll just say.
I'm still I'm still standing by.
I'm standing by my hatred for the Leafs and Marner being that good.
All right.
Well, we'll go with that.
Colorado, we just mentioned them.
They clinched, let's see, the Central and got the top seed in the West going forward.
They signed Ben Myers.
He was probably the most highly touted undrafted free agent out of college.
Was that Minnesota?
He scored in his NHL debut as well.
Yeah.
Quickly,
RA on that kid.
Pretty cool to see,
you know,
that kid had the choice of any team in the league you could assign with.
And for the most part,
you'd think he'd sign with a weaker team with the ability to play more,
but he went right for the top team in the league.
And,
and I'm sure that fired Colorado up because when they're looking at it,
like,
all right,
we're going to lose cadre this summer. We got to payckinnon in the next year or two so they're kind
of looking at like we gotta retool a different way because we're gonna be losing guys and that
kid made a ballsy decision to pick the best team in the league to sign with when he could have
signed with any other 31 other other teams yeah going going his first game good shit uh biz
colorado they run one of your tnt games this week
as well i know the games haven't had as much uh i guess alert you know we're kind of in the stretch
run here let's see you had new uh ranges philadelphia early game ranges oh god the rain
yeah philly's just like what a what a shit bag season they've had yeah they got worked by the
rangers but the more exciting game was the L.A. Kings against the Colorado.
And what was exciting about it is, you know, you get a firsthand look at Colorado
and, you know, and how they move the puck around.
And that's a desperate L.A. team as well.
Just Max at a different level right now.
He's kind of gotten to that next gear.
And, you know, I don't know how much of it is, you know, preserving energy.
And, of course, there's a few guys out with injury. but he kind of just him and McCarr said, Hey, jump on
boys. And they got the job done now, their power play and how they're able to, you know, they had
sustained pressure for, I think two power plays for 90 seconds, their puck retrievals are incredible.
And when they get it set up on one side, if they don't really like what they're seeing very quickly,
they can just shift it over to the other side and then read the play.
Then you see McKinnon just take Makar's spot.
They snap it one more pass, and then he feeds Makar,
originally where McKinnon was, right in his breadbasket,
and he goes upstairs.
So their ability to shift and make changes on the power play
in the midst of their power play without even really
like signaling to each other is second to none they are just fucking primed and ready to go and
then they ended up rolling carolina i think they scored another seven goals so it it was pretty
fascinating it you know la tried to march back a little bit but uh you know i think they ended up
yanking quick but just just to see colorado Colorado and get a full game of just watching how they operate,
it's just fascinating shit.
Yeah, it was a game nobody was even celebrating the goals,
whether they were in the winning team or losing team,
it was just goal.
All right, let's not get into face-off.
End this game.
Yeah, basically.
Oh, and one quick thing, too, about that Colorado game,
all the fans, even though it was a blow,
it stayed all the way to the end
because they surpassed their winning, their wins for a season
in their franchise history.
They broke that record?
They broke that record, I believe, because at the end of the game,
they were going nuts for breaking some record.
I would assume it was that one.
So congratulations.
Those fans have been hardcore all year,
and they got a reason to cheer going into playoffs.
That's for sure.
Give a shout out to Canada.
We actually got a postponed game in April because of a blizzard in Winnipeg.
Seattle and Winnipeg couldn't play that night because of a blizzard.
So they're going to have to make it up in May.
Unusual.
But either way, time for Rick Talkett.
Like I said, the interview was brought to you by Revitalite.
You've probably heard about Revitalite a lot by now.
You know the drill.
It's the adult version of a certain drink
you find in the baby aisle. They took away the embarrassment we meet at the register by putting
their brand in places where you can buy beer, wine, and liquor across the nation to make your
weekend shopping even easier, and you can get it on the barstool store. Well, the guys at Revitalite
are taking things to the next level and teamed up with us to create the ultimate way to save yourself a rough morning after.
Revitalite Black Label, made specifically for stoolies in mind with maximum recovery and the perfect complement when your life gets a little rough and rowdy.
Don't pay for Saturday nights.
On Sunday morning, Revitalite Black Label pairs perfectly with nightcaps and midnight snacks.
Your nightstand will feel naked without Revitalite, so stock up.
Pro tip, drink half at night and the other half in the morning
for optimal results.
So pick up your Revitalite Black Label today in-store
or online at the Barstool store.
And tweet at us or tag at DrinkRevitalite
in your morning after stories.
And now, enjoy Rick Talk It.
Well, our next guest was one of the toughest customers of his era and he could put the puck in the net as well scoring 40 or more goals three
separate times a sixth round pick by philly at the 83 draft this power forward went on to play
18 nhl seasons for six teams and he won a stanley cup with the 92 penguins he also tallied over
3 000 penalty minutes
between the regular season and the playoffs.
And these days you can hear him on TNT with our guy Biz.
And we're psyched to have him on with us today.
Welcome to the Spittin' Chickens podcast.
Once again, Rick Talkett, your second appearance.
I got to take that over.
Fuck, man.
No, you're good, buddy.
Hey, all right, we're in.
Sorry, buddy.
Hey, how many times did I do it at my place, the intro?
Or did I do it first try?
No, you were pretty good.
You crushed it first time?
I think I fucked it up one time.
That's all right.
No, I think we're good.
Yeah, so we missed the first time that Biz got to interview.
I think it was midsummer, what, three years ago?
Oh, are we actually diving right in, or is R. Ray going to get another try?
I think we're in.
He crushed it.
He was too hard on himself there.
Yeah, I forgot.
I knew he was going to be four.
So we're on right now.
We're on.
Fuck it, let's roll. We're rolling was on before. So we're on right now. We're on. Fuck it, let's roll.
We're rolling.
I've graduated to the
big boys right now
because I did with
Biz, what, two years
ago?
Yeah.
Biz in a 200,000
condo, which you
probably sold for 800,000
in Scottsdale.
No, he rented out.
Now he owns
properties all over the
state.
Now he's living in
So I've graduated.
He's a big boy now
and I get to go with
the big boys.
We did cast and
couch at my place.
You had the one-bedroom apartment.
You had the sheets all disheveled.
Living like a kid.
I don't think I have one plate or dish in that place.
Well, you're paying 200 a month for your spot in Atlanta now.
So I guess the more things change, the more they stay the same, Biz.
Living at a crack house.
Talk. What's going on? I mean, are you enjoying the TNT? I mean, you guys are doing great more they stay the same, Biz. Living at a crack house. Talk.
What's going on?
I mean, are you enjoying the TNT?
I mean, you guys are doing great.
We talked to Wayne and Biz.
He seems to love it.
Yeah, I'll tell you what.
You know, I thought how it would be after coaching this year,
not being competitive.
But this gig, man, I'm lucky I got into this thing, and I made it.
But no one like  I didn't know Biz.
I knew Biz, but not really know Biz to this year.
I like busting his balls and stuff, but he's been terrific.
Wayne, Anson, and Liam, good bunch of guys.
TNT, Biz, you can
They treat us like gold.
They treat us like gold, and their philosophy is great.
What we want to do is talk hockey.
In a relaxed way, it seems.
Relaxed way.
They don't want you to sit be a
nerd and break down film too much but uh but they want your opinion and it's been great i'm i'm lucky
to have this gig and and this summer like did somebody just randomly reach out to you through
an agent or how did that all come about so i was interviewing for a bunch of jobs yeah head coach
jobs and i had about four opportunities as an associate coach and actually my girlfriend and
my agent said listen uh why don't you go try out for TNT
on one of those, what do they call that,
screening or whatever, to fly in.
And I didn't want to do it.
I said, I don't want to do it.
But they talked me into it, and I flew down the one day.
Actually, Biz, I think you were there that day before me,
but I was later.
And then the next day, they called,
and they said, hey, we'd like to sign you.
So I had a couple opportunities to go somewhere to another team associate coach.
And it was a tough decision, guys.
I was like, what do I do?
And at the end of the day, I thought this was probably the best avenue
if I want to get back into head coaching.
And fuck, man, you probably need a break.
It's such a grind.
How many hours at the rink every day?
Constantly trying to pull guys in a certain direction,
thinking of all these practices and thinking of game schemes?
It's funny.
I think every coach needs a break sometimes.
You played the game.
You know some coaches.
You know that some coaches are just stressed.
You can just tell.
And I probably needed a break for sure.
Some guys have some other teams where maybe you don't need a break
because they have some really good hockey teams and they win a lot more.
But I just think that it's good for coaches to take breaks sometimes
and reinvent yourself.
I played with Sean Payton and Wayne Golf the other day,
and Sean Payton's taken a break.
One of the best coaches in the league the last 10 years, 12 years arguably.
He's taken a year off.
He wants to reboot out of box.
Find the passion again.
Find the passion again and maybe hook on with a different team.
So, yeah, I'm excited about just taking this year off and see what happens.
I was wondering, just going through your coaching kind of career I was looking at,
when you coached Tampa, then you took a little time off before you got back into the game.
What did you do those few years when you were kind of recharging after that experience in Tampa?
So I did a little bit of TV with the Flyers post-game.
Oh, okay.
Pre and post-game.
Was Jonesy there then too?
I took Jonesy's job.
Jonesy's a legend NBC guy, so I was that pre-post guy.
And also it was a fun year because the Flyers went to the Stanley Cup Finals.
So that was a lot of fun.
It's amazing when you're on TV, people see you.
So I remember walking the streets of Philly.
People know me as it is, but still going there.
Hey, Todd, great job.
Great job, great series. I'm like, I'm a pre and postgame guy. I'm not a streets of Philly. People know me as it is, but still going there. Hey, Todd, great job. Great job, great series.
I'm like, I'm a pre- and post-game guy.
I'm not a coach or a player.
I don't know whether you're congratulating me on the Flyers winning,
but that was a lot of fun to do.
I think if you get enough Gordie Howes in that city,
they'll just kind of say hi to you whenever you're walking the streets.
Well, they love the fights.
They love the fights.
I remember going to a bar when I played.
I remember you score a couple of goals, you go in there, and guys are having to buy you drinks all the fights. I remember going to a bar when I played. And I remember you score a couple goals, you go in there,
and guys are having to buy you drinks all the time.
And then they go, man, you didn't get in a fight.
Man, we won four-two.
I got two goals.
But you get two fights, and it's like these guys love it.
So it's an aggressive city,
and I think that's one thing that they want their teams.
They want that flyer identity back.
They've kind of lost right now, and I think that's what they're looking for.
I remember playing there, and it was
yeah, they had Giroux, they had Richards
Carter, and Richards chucked them, but it was
more Riley, Cote, and Gratton.
It was like, those were the two guys. You're right. They just
eat it up there. Yeah.
And you guys had the rivals with Pittsburgh. Yeah.
Those were big rivals, and there still is. It's one of the best
rivals, I think, in the NHL.
Is it tough to get associate offers after you were being
a head coach for the last four years?
I don't want to say insulting, but is it kind of like, shit, man,
I was just a head coach? No, it's not insulting,
but I have a really lot of respect
for assistant coaches and associate coaches.
A lot of respect, because you've got to do the shit work.
You've got to do the little... It's more work, right?
It's more work, and you've really got to put the little
fires out for the head coach. Like, that's a really
good assistant coach. You know,
we always talk about pigeonhead. You know, you played played there this guy's a pigeon assistant coach and i remember telling
sid sid knows this story i said if i ever become a pigeon assistant coach just let me know because
i'll quit i mean i'll i'll go do something else i've never won if any player ever calls me a
pigeon well i think he kind of did when he told you to change your suit oh well that was one of
the most that that just goes to show not only uh you know his superstition but that was an When he told you to change your suit. Oh, wow. That story's unreal.
That just goes to show not only his superstition,
but that was an all-timer.
And you told it on the TNT broadcast.
For those of you who haven't heard it, the floor is now yours. Yeah, you know, Sid, you play with him, Mr. Superstition.
What round was this?
Where were you guys at the point of playoffs?
I think we were playing Tampa.
I love what you said.
It was new.
It was beautiful, too.
It was a 1,600 nice blue suit.
It was, you know, five, six years ago.
So I was kind of proud of that thing.
And I did wear it.
You know, I don't remember when it looked, but I remember we lost these two games.
I had that suit on, and he pulled me right off the bus.
He said, what's up, man?
Something about the power play breakout?
Something about, you know, should we switch maybe the flankers?
What do you want?
No, can you change your suit? you're owing to that suit and i said absolutely and you're like hey can
i mix up the shirt tight combo like and maybe keep the suit he's like no no that was it and uh
whatever it takes to win when city crosby asked you to do something you're gonna do it but with
you running the power play on that team, I mean, you got Phil,
you got Geno, you got Sid.
I'm not going to say big egos,
but it's guys who are all pretty confident in themselves.
So you really were kind of just trying to manage personalities in a way?
Yeah.
I think we had some stretches where guys were yelling.
And I love that, though.
Guys are coming off.
Tanger's yelling at Geno.
Geno wants the puck.
Sid's mad because Geno's not going
to the middle. But that's the stuff you go through.
The maturity of it.
But when the game was on the line, man,
I mean, I stayed out of their way. I mean, these guys...
That, to me, is a good power play.
You know, it's 2-2, 6 minutes
left, or 4 minutes left in the game, and
you got that power play. We scored
a lot of times during that situation.
You know, you're up 4-1. you get a power play, you go for three.
Nobody really  I don't really care about percentages.
I care about when the pressure's on.
And those guys delivered most times.
I think one of the more famous clips was Geno and Kessel going at it on the bench.
Oh, yeah.
And that was a fire that you ended up putting it out.
And, you know, you mentioned these are big moments, man.
Like even though the egos are there, you can't let them take over and overtake the team,
especially when you're in the midst of a cup run.
Yeah, that's one thing I loved about Sully Mike Sullivan, who's a great coach.
He loved that.
He calls it juice.
It's okay.
There's a different way to bark with a guy.
Tanger was great because
He would take a little shit from them.
He would take shit but uh and what
you put him at and then he as he grew and got older he did it for the defense because you know
those they're not i'm not saying sit or anybody but the forward you give us the puck we all do
that hey move the puck get the fucking puck up you know whatever and he would jump in and say hey
you guys start back checking you like so he would protect the younger guys and uh and i told tanger
that's great start screaming back up at those guys and i think that protect the younger guys and uh and i told tanger that's great start
screaming back up at those guys and i think that helps the young guys i really does you actually
told another story on the broadcast was it when you were in um with los angeles with paul coffee
and wayne and and wayne when when uh when he was barking no so no paul coffee was with edmonton and
okay they did the same thing they'd bitch and complain complain. And Gretz wasn't, you know, he's bitching to Coff not getting the puck.
So Coff told me, you know, Coff, great skater, you know, the Niedermeyer type, around the net.
And he saw Gretz up the middle and he threw it about four inches and hit him right in the skate.
And Wayne, you know, he's got that hype.
Hey, what are you doing?
So they go on the bench and he started yelling at Coff.
And Coff looked at him and he goes, I can do this all night.
So I love that.
They used to do that all the time.
They used to get in their fights and stuff like that on the bench too.
And I think to win, you have to have those arguments.
If everybody's a nice guy and everybody gets along, you don't win, I don't think.
Yeah, a couple of fuck you matches to get a Stanley Cup ring, Ari.
It's true.
Yeah, I wouldn't know, but I drank out of it a few times.
Didn't win it, though.
We always like to go back to the beginning of guys' careers, Rick.
And, like, you were a six-round pick, like I mentioned.
When did a possible pro career first come on your radar?
How old were you?
When did you start thinking, okay, I can play in the NHL?
Yeah, you know, that's a good question.
I think in my second year junior, like, you know, you always dreamed the NHL.
You know, but I was thinking, hey, if I can get to college, you know,
maybe I can make the minors.
I had a really good third year in junior.
I thought I was going to get a little draft made in the fourth round.
I ended up going to the sixth round.
But I really trained hard that summer, the second training camp in Philadelphia.
I'll be honest, I was lucky because all the old flyers, the Bobby Clarks, the Billy Barbers of the world, Rick McLeish, all those guys were starting to retire.
So there's a lot of spots opening up.
So there was about six spots opening up.
It was Peter Zaslow, Derek Smith, Pelley Ackland.
These guys were all mid-draft picks, and we all made the team.
And we had Mike Keenan as our coach.
So it was lucky.
Sometimes guys get drafted, and you go into a stacked team, you might have to go to the minors for two, three years. But if it was another team I got drafted, maybe I went into the minors. So it's lucky. You know, sometimes, you know, guys get drafted and you go into a stack team.
You might have to go to the minors for two,
three years,
you know,
but if it was another team,
I got drafted,
maybe I went into the minors.
So I was lucky.
Maybe I'm going crazy here,
but when you were drafted by the flyers,
when you went up to like the,
the box that they had,
didn't one of them off.
Yeah.
Did you guys know Tom McVie?
You know,
he used to coach.
He's a legendary guy.
So he was one of the scouts and they have these,
you know, this big silver pots.
They got beers.
And then they got the waters and whatever, the Gatorades over here.
And all of us went and grabbed the water.
And he's got that raspy voice.
He goes, well, attaboy, Clark.
Another shitty draft.
These guys are all grabbing waters with no beer.
And we all kind of, you know, I'm 18 nights at a time.
And I was like, you know, I'm shitting my pants. And oh, yeah. So he's talking about no one rookie took a beer. And we all kind of, you know, I'm 18 nights at a time and I was like, you know, I'm shitting my pants
and oh yeah,
so he's talking about
no one rookie took a beer.
Unbelievable.
You're like,
I would have.
So you never even,
you never spent a minute
in the minors.
No.
So you go to camp that year
and I guess,
you know,
expectations you're trying
to make the team
but when did you kind of
find out,
hey,
I made this club?
Did the GM or the coach
say,
hey,
get a place?
Yeah,
I started playing sick
like back then you play 12 exhibition games no way so now usually like some guys get five in and
they get piped out of there so i started playing six games now seven games now i'm going into
we're going into new jersey and you know that's just a fight fest like these these that's the
one thing exhibitions there's fights every night like four or five oh we had craig like we had
some tough teams sir so we we'd go in there.
So we'd get some good fights, and we'd win the game
and get a fight or get a goal.
Then all of a sudden, we played the ninth game.
And then, yeah, about the 10th or 11th game,
Bobby Clark said to me, he goes, I want you to go get a place.
So I ended up getting a place with Darrell.
You guys might know.
Dave Brown, toughest guy in the league.
Darrell Stanley, one of the toughest guys in the league.
Peter Zazzle, he was a heartthrob.
I mean, this guy, every girl in Philly loved him,
and it was my sauce.
We had four guys in this.
No way.
That's why you grabbed him?
One of business condos back in the day.
It was like that.
The one bedroom?
So it's Philly?
Yeah, you had one part of the L coach?
No, there was like four, but they were like-
Is that why you guys asked Zazzle?
So you guys get the residuals?
Was it kind of like, hey, this guy's going to wheel and deal?
He's the big hot shot?
Yeah, you want to hang around with Pete.
Yeah, you get the outside stuff.
That's all right, though.
I remember Gary Roberts telling me old stories.
He talked about Dave Brown.
And you talked about Craig Berube.
Like, Dave Brown was the toughest in the league, though, then.
There was a guy, my first year exhibition guy named Tim Coolis.
It was legendary stories when he was a junior,
like urban stories, like this guy beat up a ref
and killed his roommate, like all this.
Oglethorpe.
Yeah, Oglethorpe type of thing.
And you're like, I kept on thinking this guy.
And next thing you know, we're playing Minnesota.
I look on the sheet, and it's his name.
And he's skating around.
He had those pointy teeth.
And I was, you know, the guy's stretching
at the blue line there at Santa Rice there.
And he's looking at me and he goes, I'm going to get you, rookie and stuff.
And I got a little, like, I admit, I don't get scared.
I get nervous, but I'm never really scared.
And my heart was fluttering.
Dave Brown, the first shift, grabbed this guy and broke his orbit bone.
That guy never played another, never shifted in his life.
The next shift, I was like, I was hitting guys.
Like, I got frowny like
freddie krueger's dad freddie krueger's dad you know like it was in my head right like this guy
was a i built this guy i was scared and then day brown that's how tough this guy was wow so he was
he was the guy then he was the guy and then for yourself i mean legendary you know score and
fighter power forward but when you were 15 years old was that always of the game? Was it your father who got you into that,
or was it just kind of who you are as a player?
Well, my dad was a guy that always protected, you know,
protect your friends, protect your family type of thing.
So I just naturally did it.
Were you street fighting as a kid when you were 11 years old?
No, not too, no, not that much.
No, no.
You know, I remember my dad, one time there was a bully at school.
I was scared when my dad said, listen, don't even think.
Just punch him.
And my dad's an Italian immigrant.
So I remember I did that and I got called to the office.
And my dad, I remember broken English, like giving the shit to the principal.
Hey, this bully, worry about this bully.
Don't worry about my son.
So that's when I really like, I love my dad.
You clean his clock though?
Well, I just punched him.
I didn't think.
It took me a while though.
I was scared of this guy, I got punched him. I didn't think. It took me a while, though. I was scaring this guy.
I got to admit.
It just takes you that one.
But then you got to the O, and you played for the Sioux.
Played for the Sioux.
And I was lucky, guys.
I'll tell you.
I go to the Sioux for three years, and then my first eight years in Philly.
Legitimately, those teams are the toughest in the league.
Like, we were Sioux City, we were the toughest team.
And then I go to Philly, and we got like seven, eight deep. Nine deep. You know? It's not like you're playing. You know, you go to a team, you're the toughest team. And then I go to Philly, and we got, like, seven, eight deep.
Nine deep.
You know?
It's not like you're playing, you know, you go to a team, you're the only guy.
You got the pork chopper on your net.
Right, Biz?
Like, you.
You had no tough.
Did you have any tough guys when you played?
Not really.
Yeah, but you wore the pork chopper.
You never got to be the third guy.
You were always, you know what I mean?
I was always scared going to play against the Philly Phantoms when we were in the American Hockey League.
Fortunately, I had Dennis Bombie there. there was always maybe maybe one to two guys but when i got to the nhl
level it was fading out to the point where most teams like you know at that point detroit didn't
really have one mccarty is just retired okay um so you know i was fortunate where where i didn't
really have to fight any of these like scary old school guys that era had passed and and thankfully so because you know if you're stranded on an island like you said like you can
you can get the fucking wheels beat off you and you just you really lose the uh the jam to even
want to do it like i'll be honest with some guys that you know they've had some mental health
issues over their career because of that gives the anxiety because the anxiety like some guys like
over like they think it all the anxiety like some guys like over like they
think it all the time they talk about it i don't like talking about it like i'm at dinner night
before a game um i don't want to talk about hey man talk you know you know ty domey's on that team
and or you know george all these guys and like like stop talking about so you wouldn't have a
problem taking a pre-game nap no i wasn't too bad i started thinking a game if i had i knew i was
gonna get a fight,
I started thinking around 6, 7 o'clock.
Did you want to get it out of the way?
I was that type of player where I just wanted to get it out of the way first shift.
What I really enjoyed as I got older,
the experience was make the other guy wait
because there's nothing worse than you know you're going to fight,
but the other guy, when's this guy going to fight?
Now he's losing his, you know, you get anxiety. When you get anxiety're going to fight. But the other guy, when's this guy going to fight? Now he's losing his...
You get anxiety. When you get anxiety, you get tired.
And then you're not
as sharp. So sometimes
it's nice to be the hunty
because now you can decide when you want to fight.
I mean, the fighting, it looked like it came natural to you.
It looked like you liked it, did you?
Well, if you win, if you lose,
you hate it.
No, I just
enjoy it in the sense that it helps your team.
I'm not a big stage guy.
Like, you know, who cares where there's a belt in this game?
A lot of guys are fighting for, hey, I'm the belt guy or whatever.
It's more of a passion.
You know, somebody goes after your teammate
or something happens in front of your goalie
or somebody did something to a teammate in the game before.
That's really, those are the best fights, I think.
And looking at the numbers here, the first two years you get 14 goals,
you're at 200 PIMS, 284.
Then you go 21 goals, then 31 goals.
The 31-goal season you had 299 PIMS.
So that next year you get 45 goals and the PIMS drop by 100.
Was it noticeable like, all right, I'm actually scoring so much now,
I don't need to fight as much? Or a coach even saying hey like you're now an elite goal scorer
let's slow it down a little bit yeah he mike mike king just told me i he wanted me to shoot a lot of
pucks in the summer so my dad did this makeshift gym uh shooting gallery in my in my house there
so i shot a lot of pucks i do a lot of a lot of skill work wasn't huge back you're still living
at home?
Well, I go back for the summers.
Oh, okay.
Well, hang on a sec.
No, I mean, you're chirping me about my apartment.
I just figured if you're going back,
you're fucking making NHL.
No, you're going back home.
I just wanted to know.
I just wanted to ask.
My third year?
No, no, I was on my own third year,
but that's a good question.
No, maybe I did live at home.
Did you have the plastic sheet there
and that's how you were shooting?
It was like a parachute.
You put it like a parachute
and you're shooting a parachute. Like, you know pair like you know this big huge yeah but there were
no skill instructors it was just i had no skill structure yeah shooting pucks you know watching
rocky workouts and all that sort of stuff there was no there was no raw eggs in the morning i did
that i swear to god you poured in the comment I did that I did that now I'm not
saying when I was when I was 17 18 you know in Rocky I did that I did the Rocky workouts I did
the the eggs and I played the you know chasing the chicken on the back but to be fair though
chasing the chicken going back like there's photos of you you are absolutely cut so your
off-ice conditioning was obviously probably far superior of most guys and that's probably a big reason as to how you were able to step in
and then also maintain that dominance, not only as a fighter,
but as a player conditioning-wise.
Back then, for sure.
That was my edge.
Because most guys were crushing pints all summer long, weren't they?
Yeah.
Well, that era, the guys we took over, they got in shape during training camp.
But Mike Keenan and the Flyers were ahead of their time.
We were probably probably and i can
honestly say the best shape team in the league we didn't have the greatest we'd have a lot of stars
you know timmy kerr's probably our biggest star per se talk about a guy nobody knows about either
it's not nobody but yeah hockey fan imagine 99 points imagine if he didn't get hurt like he had
a lot of injuries you know this guy this guy could score unbelievable big guy but we were unreal
shape unreal shape
unreal shape did mike keenan's tactics did they work on you did they motivate you i know different
guys get different results yeah i mean mike i mean i've told you i think biz knows a story we
were playing calgary and uh you know we've had some pretty good tilts and he we were coming off
the uh first period and i was mad about something and he was behind me and he said ah shut up you
prima donna and i I snapped. No way.
So I turn around.
I go after him.
Brad McCrimmon and Mark Howe get in between me.
And I'm ready to go after him.
Right?
And he's like this.
So the second period starts.
You know what happens.
I get in a fight.
I fought Paul Baxter, Poplinski.
We went, get a couple.
I think I fought two or three.
No, definitely two times.
I thought it was three times.
Just imagine the other guy's keen in the whole time.
Yeah.
Oh, yeah. We win the game. And I it was three times. Just imagine the other guy's Keenan the whole time. Yeah. Oh, yeah.
We win the game.
And I remember, you know, I had the long hair.
And, you know, this used to be a nice bar called, now it's Cowboys, but it's called
The Bank.
You know, you're American going there.
It's a great spot.
But I was blow drying my hair, right?
So I got my hair.
And I had a black eye.
And I had a quaff.
Oh, yeah.
You know my hair.
I had the black eye. And I'm likeif. Oh, yeah. You see my hair. I had the black eye and I'm like this and we're all going out, right?
Keenan comes over and he comes over and he hands me like,
it was like a thousand bucks cash.
No, I'm sorry, not cash.
The team credit card.
Oh.
And he goes to go take the boys out.
And I just fired it back.
I'll use my own money to pay for the boys.
I was mad at him, right?
Yeah, don't call me a prima donna.
Oh, yeah.
But that was, Mike does that.
Are you asking? That's a tactics he did.
He was, he'd mind
fighting. And are there times, sorry,
but are there times the team is like,
fuck this guy, where he thinks it's like
getting you guys together to hate him,
the old Herb Brooks thing, but
other times it's like we really do hate him,
like we do not want him here anymore.
Yeah, I think, and Mike will tell you,
and listen, he helped me in my career.
I'll state this.
I love the guy, and I had some hate relationships with him,
but I did love the guy.
I think we won like 12 or 13 in a row.
We went into Chicago Stadium, one of the loudest buildings.
They had a good team.
They had some tough.
We lost 4-3.
It was a great hockey game.
Fights, goals. We lost 4-3, It was a great hockey game, fights, goals.
We lost 4-3 and he just reamed us.
And I remember we all looked at each other, he left the room like, are you out of your
mind?
We just won 12 games.
Oh my God.
Guys got, you know, some guys are getting stitched up, you know, there's ice bags everywhere.
I think that's when he, I always say to Mike, I tell him, I think that's where he kind of
lost the team right there.
That was one time, you know, that was.
So now that you talk to him after it's all said and done, like it seemed like he had the same philosophy going into every team though where he would have these
short shelf life so would he not learn from his mistakes maybe or was it just like a you can't
teach an old dog new tricks like do you have those conversations with him now uh yeah we were at uh
we had a great conversation at wayne's fantasy camp um he uh he talked about that sort of stuff that he knows nowadays he couldn't do it.
He can't do the tactics.
But he was successful in Philly.
He went to the Rangers, brought them.
He was successful everywhere.
So he's done a nice job, but you're right,
there's a short shelf life.
And he probably knows he has to change a few things
if he was ever going to be coach again.
And so in your time in Philly,
I mean, two different runs to the finals right yeah
and both times you run into this juggernaut oilers squad like was there one of the years or both of
the years where you kind of knew oh my god like we're in when we're gonna have to play the greatest
hockey ever to have a chance or were you really kind of thinking we can beat these guys like this
isn't that big of a deal 87 we had them like you could ask rats i mean their team was far superior but i'm
telling you and we talk about being our team was relentless we're in great shape we had actually
tim kerr was hurt so he never played and i think brad mccrimmon got hurt at the end so two of our
star players were out and we took them to game seven and we lost uh anderson scored an empty
net but it was two to one it was actually we're up one nothing we had a five on three in the second
period and i yeah yeah and murray craven and you know it was 2-1. Actually, we're up 1-0. We had a 5-3 in the second period.
And Murray Craven, you know, it was a rebound.
You know, sometimes when you've got to guess,
sometimes you go right or left.
He went like this.
He went this way.
The puck went this way.
If he goes this way, it's in the net.
2-0.
And Hexie, at that time, he won the Conn Smythe.
You never know.
But, you know, listen, Edmonton, they're a far superior team.
The talent level they had was incredible.
McCrimmon, he was one of the vets that took you under his wing.
Love that guy.
It wasn't for him.
I mean, this guy was, when you talk about old school, he does the beast.
He was the best.
I remember we went out one night, and I stayed in a room with him for two months. I was trying to find a place.
It was like in August.
And he was a big workout guy.
We liked to go out.
And we went out.
We had this place called Kaminsky's.
It was kind of a waterhole for all the flyers.
You know, a lot of people in there.
We just have a great time.
And I remember we used to drink Stro-Lites.
They still have Stro-Lite out there?
I don't know.
Stro's?
Stro's.
Oh, yeah.
I remember.
I don't know if they're still around, but I remember.
Stro-Lites.
And I remember we and Brad had about 30 of these things.
I had like 20.
We get home at 3. in the morning and uh we we had originally uh had a seven o'clock or 7 30 run with something and i'm lying to bet and it's like seven o'clock and he goes what are you doing i
said but let's just go later he goes no no let's fucking go get your shit on so we get in the car
we go there and we're running we have to do it under 12 minutes this two mile thing you have to do it twice so we're running you know you're hung over
we make it the first time right so now we do i go bc seriously we gotta do it yeah i mean i'm a
20 year old kid so we do it again and i watch him now he has to take a shit so he you know what he
does he takes those nylons he takes it he didn He wanted to make it in time. He's running. But he slowed down a bit, and he was just taking a shit.
Puts his thing back on, and he makes the 12-minute set.
That's how obsessive this guy was.
And this wasn't even a test.
This was just training for the test.
He was like Chelios before Chelios.
Oh, my God.
What a story.
Brad McCrimmon.
You're basically saying, can we just do it at 11?
Like, why do we have to do it at 7?
We got home two hours ago.
You know him.
He's the veteran, right?
What a great person.
Well, him and Mark Howell.
Lucky I stayed beside, what do you call it,
Sapa-Syme for practice, you know, the rink.
The stalls, yeah.
So it was my third year, and I'm like, you know,
I thought we had a day off.
We had to come and practice.
You know, you think you make it, right? And, like, you're bitching. This is a joke. I'm bitching the trainers. I'm like you know I thought we had a day off we had to come in practice you know you know you thought you think you make it right and like you're bitching this is a joke I'm bitching the
trainers I'm bitching everybody I sit down those guys tore a strip out of me who the fuck do you
think you are you know the guys are you know guys work nine to five you know your dad was a mechanic
like what would he say and like like I was like sinking and I went through practice and I was
like man you know tail between my legs after practice I remember I was, like, sinking. And I went through practice, and I was like, man, you know, tail between my legs.
After practice, I remember I was taking a shower, and B says, hey, hurry up.
We're going to lunch.
Went to lunch with him, Mark Howe, Dave Poole, those guys, and we were just
they never mentioned one thing to me about that.
It was their way of saying, hey, buddy, we get it, but, you know, let's
But we had to wake you up a little bit.
We had to wake you up.
And those are the life lessons I got from those guys.
Who knows?
If I have the wrong guys, maybe I won't play as long as I did.
I don't know.
But those guys really helped my career.
Did you see some Hextall snapshows over the years?
Yeah, yeah.
On and off the ice.
Yeah.
He has his pads, and he has everything perfectly.
And if you touch, you know, it's not big dressings back then.
So, you know, you go by.
I remember he touches pad, he gets mad at you.
Like, you know, he breaks those ESPN back then, those cameras.
And, you know, after the game, he smashes.
Yeah, he was nuts, Hexy.
Yeah.
What did you think as a Flyers legend yourself?
I mean, when Clark came up, Bobby Clark came out this year
and kind of blamed him for the drafts lately.
Were you a little surprised by that?
Yeah, I'm a little surprised from Clarky.
You know, Clarky,ie's a wonderful guy.
He's ultimate.
He's a great GM for me, too, and a great player and a great friend.
I was a little surprised.
I don't know why he went that deep with it.
Maybe there's some animosity there.
I don't know.
So I was a little surprised like you guys.
Mark Howell, how many stories do you know about Gordy just from talking to him?
Yeah, I mean.
Would you just pick his brain nonstop about that stuff?
He's a Hall of Famer himself.
Mark Howell's, and you can ask Wayne Gretzky, and he'll say cock,
but he'll put Mark Howell as one of the greatest defensemen he's ever played against.
And he's one of the great players.
The best say that, you know how good Mark Howell is.
What was his game like?
Because I don't know much about him.
More all-around?
Not too physical?
No, physical in his own way.
Just body position, physical.
Quick strikes, physical.
But if he wanted to cheat the game a little bit,
he could have scored more and stuff.
But he was an all-around unbelievable player.
Definitely an unreal Hall of Famer.
February of 1992, you get traded to Pittsburgh.
You talk about a team with Hall of Famers. Mario,
Kevin Stevens, Ron Francis, Jagger,
Joey Mullen, Larry Murphy, Brian Trotty,
Scotty Bowman coached them. Had you been on a team
with that much leadership? You must have
hated them, too. Well, I went
in there, and the week before, I broke
Troy Loney's nose.
So I walked in.
I was thinking, like, it took about a month to warm up to me, you know?
But those guys were incredible when I got there.
They didn't like me when I obviously played against them.
So they'd won the Cup the year before.
They had still this basically all-star team.
And I remember you were telling me when you first got there,
they ended up having a players-only meeting.
How long were you there for when they had the players my second game and uh i haven't done anything
wrong well they just they were just a little over 500 that team and they wanted to shake that's why
they made this trade right and they want to get a little tougher and i remember we were in calgary
and they go we have a team meeting with craig patrick and look kind of like a room like this
you know hotel room and there was like 24 guys in there.
And guys were like, you know, ripping Scotty Bowman.
I said, Scotty, this.
And, you know, everybody's, you know, guys complaining.
And Craig Patrick was a great GM.
And he was listening and stuff.
But the third guy in, they go, talk, what do you think?
And I'm like, I've just got here.
And I look around.
I'm just thinking, you know, I'm going to tell these guys the truth.
I said, I look around.
I go, I see Hall of Famers and All-Stars in here.
I said, no offense.
And I left Scotty Bowman.
He's a genius.
I said, a monkey could be behind me and coach you guys.
That's what I said.
That's a speech for the boys right there. I did say that.
They all kind of laughed.
But you weren't even joking.
I wasn't joking.
But Scotty, like, no, just, you know, Scotty was a genius behind the bench.
He was one of the best bench minds I've ever seen.
But we compromised.
He just didn't come to practice.
That's really what was going on.
Like, hey, Scotty, leave us alone.
Yeah.
Well, I just think they wanted to, yeah, it was a compromise.
And Scotty was big enough to say, yeah, no problem.
But Scotty was a big reason why they won.
But I'm just telling you, that was the speech.
It was a two-minute speech.
They all laughed.
And it was like, all right, let's go.
We had a team meal.
I remember that.
Were practices just a completely different pace
going from Philly to Pittsburgh?
Well, I'll tell you the difference.
When you played there, you guys played an offensive game,
like a speed game, right?
So in Philly, it was more dump and chase, corner work,
get in front of the net box out
you know grind it out grind it fight whatever so i i get there and play with maryland and kevin
stevens i get it i get over the blue and i dump it in i'm you know i'm thinking mary was screaming
down the left the right side to go get the puck and he just kind of looks at me and i saw now
now it's my turn to go get it i'll get get it. So finally the third time I do it, he goes, this isn't Philly, buddy.
We don't dump pucks in.
We hold on to pucks.
We make plays.
So I kind of, that was my lesson.
Okay, you're right.
I got to start making more plays.
If I want to play on that line, you better start making some plays.
Because I was programmed to, you know, mostly dump the puck.
Yeah, that was your game going into that.
Yeah.
And then, like, at that point, what's Yogg's like?
Because he couldn't he
can't really pull the stuff that i guess he was pulling on later with the rangers when he's doing
his own drills during team meetings because lemieux was the alpha but or was it still kind of
yarmir yager on his own in his own world then yeah yags was like i don't know he was uh he was a
young kid and uh they loved he's living with his parents right living with his parents they
you know you know the story.
They had a birthday party for him.
The sports cafe had a thousand people.
And we had a lot of married guys.
They didn't go.
I went.
I just got traded there.
And there was like 990 girls.
And I'm there.
I'm like 28, 29 years old.
I'm hanging out with a 20-year-old, 21-year-old.
And yeah, it's like...
How did they get that many girls at this bar
i'm telling you yogs he was the man back then oh yeah that was before tinder and all these apps
were created well he didn't need tinder would you guys give it to him about a salad or was
everyone kind of jealous then you know what the best thing that cra Patrick did, he got Yuri Herdina a fellow check.
Because before, he was kind of reclusive.
You know, he didn't smile much.
He was homesick until his parents came.
And then once we got Yuri Herdina, this guy went from here to here.
Was it very similar to watching the dynamic?
Maybe because you got there a little bit later between Sid and Gino.
But Mario and Yogs, was it very similar in the sense of because you got there a little bit later between uh Sid and Gino but Mario and
and Yogs was very similar in the sense of you know one was was a North American guy true leader
very calm always held himself a certain way and Yogs kind of had this and and listen like we don't
need to get into it but there's obviously stories off the ice about the way that you know he would
either gamble or maybe they spend money and know, fancy cars like that type of thing.
Yeah.
Yogg's will tell you.
He's not sure.
Yeah.
No, like Mario's like, like, like he was the man.
Right.
So Yogg's was a young kid coming up, like Sid and Gino, you know,
1A, 1B type of thing.
And those two guys, a lot of competition.
People will know that like Gino wants to be,
you know,
he's always said,
so it would,
you know,
he'd get,
you know,
I don't want to say upset,
but he'd like,
you know,
I want to,
I want that respect.
I think it drove him a little bit.
I think it drove him a little bit.
Where Mario,
like,
Yogs knew that he is the man.
Like,
there was,
there's a little bit of difference.
Yeah,
a little bit more conceding.
Were you there
when he didn't get named
to the 100,
top 100 players of all time?
Yes.
Was it, what, four years ago?
Was it five years ago?
Was he fucking irate about that?
Well, I know some people in his circle
say he was pretty upset.
That's a joke that he wasn't on there.
Yeah, I'd be pretty upset if I was him, too.
You know, you didn't think he got respect out there.
I mean, you've watched a lot of hockey.
When he was at the top of his game was you think that individually he could like almost surpass sid
in a sense of like just his sole dominance um i don't think so in the sense because i look at the
whole overall game the gamemanship and everything not saying that's gino doesn't have it but i think
for yeah like gino like he could take over games Geno doesn't have it, but I think for, yeah, like Geno,
he could take over games.
He's just a beast out there.
But I think the way Sid played the game,
you know, like Sid,
he takes draws on his own end last minute.
He'll lock down another team's line.
Like that's, I was talking to you about that
with Matthews and those guys.
I really, those guys are great players,
but I want to see those guys in a playoff series
when it's two to one for 10 minutes minutes just lock the other team's best player.
And not even worry about scoring.
Like they're playing Florida and Barkov, and my job, we're up to right now,
and Burnett's playing the shit out of Barkov.
Shut him down.
Just Matthew's head-to-head, and that's what Sid did.
And he wouldn't get a sniff.
Instead of trying to score a goal and make it 3-1. I'm not saying not trying to score a goal no I'm just
trying to be more information just more calculating yeah yeah I I think that that makes sense and I'd
love to talk to Sid about this someday but the year I was there that we lost I think Sid saw
Zetterberg and like he was like holy shit like and it was obviously Lidstrom matched up against
him but same with Zetterberg and I think part of it was like oh my god like this is this is the style it takes to win the
cup and next year he got it done but that was the true sign of like oh my god i'm going to shut down
anyone like i remember zetterberg just in sid's grill the whole time and obviously he ended up
doing it to get three of his own yeah you know you know as a player and a coach you know like
certain players then they're stars but if they don't get a point, you can feel them on the bench.
They start to get antsy.
They start to swoop a little bit more.
They start to hang out in the offense zone
when the puck's going the other way.
You can just feel it.
It's a subconscious, but they're great players
and they want to score so bad.
Where Sid, I remember when Game 6 against,
this is my best Sid story.
We're playing Nashville Game 6.
It was a tight game, but 0-0.
And Sid was playing great.
Like, people would think, like, he doesn't have a point.
He might have one shot, but he was playing great.
And him and Hornquist, you know,
he got an assist on Hornquist's goal for us to win the last minute.
Like, that's the thing I love about him.
He didn't get antsy.
You know, he wasn't trying to press.
And I think that's certain some of the star players have to understand that.
If you just stay with the game, the game will come to you.
When you guys won the Cup in 92,
did you guys start getting a day with the Cup back then?
Or was it just celebration-like?
Well, we took it to this club, and it was just show-show.
It was Diesel?
No.
It was Diesel, I think, then?
It was this thing in Harmerville.
It was one of those huge 1,500-people nightclubs.
It was the exit on 21st birthday.
Bill Carra was out with us uh the steel bulls oh bill
caro yeah really were you the year where it got stuck at the bottom of the pool no it was year
before ah yeah you know we had a couple of it was raining that night and it was the whole bar was
outside and uh it was like mud rest they ever see uh what's that movie they're old school is it old
school blue we had a blue We had a boy blue.
Kevin Stevens was wrestling with this blue.
This guy looked like blue in the mud, and the cup was right there.
Maybe we should throw the KYGEL wrestling on hold a little bit.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Not to bring up a bad memory, but we interviewed Darius Kasper.
Darius Kasper, I guess, a couple weeks ago, brought up the 93 series,
Pittsburgh versus the Islanders. Was that the biggest
upset you ever had? That team was better.
Obviously on the wrong side. That team was better.
We were
out shooting them.
We got antsy.
I'll tell you right. We got antsy. Start squeezing
the sticks a little. Start squeezing the stick and started doing
stuff that we never did the year before. Healy was
unreal though. Healy was unreal.
Kevin Stevens got hurt. Dev devastating injury. Yeah, yeah, terrible.
Yeah, that was definitely, we thought we were having a,
actually, if you ask Chris Chelios,
because Montreal ended up winning that year, right?
Was it Montreal?
Yeah.
Yeah, yes, yes.
So they asked Chelios about it, because we were going to play them.
And when the Islanders scored, they went nuts.
Their whole team went crazy. They didn't have to play us. Took down Goliers scored, they went nuts. Their whole team went crazy.
They didn't have to play us.
Took down Goliath.
What's that?
They took down Goliath.
Yeah, and we took care of them during the year.
I think we would have, no offense, we would have beat them.
But, yeah.
Another goalie, somewhat of a snapshot, Tom Barassi,
who played with Pittsburgh.
I heard he is a character, this guy.
We used to call him Thurston Howell III.
He was just very...
Proper.
I don't think he had a pair of jeans.
We used to bust him.
He never owned a pair of jeans.
He'd always have the khakis.
So he was like Lundquist before Lundquist.
Yeah, but...
He didn't look like Lundquist.
Yeah, but Lundquist's got the...
He's more like the Dockers and stuff.
The...
What do you call it? What's that shirt? No, you know, the Dockers and stuff. You know, the, what do you call it?
What's that shirt?
No, not Gucci, but Lacoste.
Is it Lacoste?
You know, the more.
More preppy?
Yeah, more preppy look.
So I heard a story about how, and you might not have been around when this happened.
It was at a rookie party.
And because he was a little bit pompous, he was, you know.
Oh, yeah.
I was there.
Okay, well, let's hear it.
So we were ordering the Louis, right?
And he was Screaming Eagle wine.
Was it Screaming Eagle or was it one of these wines that were?
Opus Wine.
All the big dogs.
But it was like, you know, 1,000 bottle of wine.
And he would always want it.
He'd like to send wine back.
Like, I've never, I've been in the NHL.
Maybe once I've seen somebody. That year he sent about send wine back. Like I've never, I've been in the NHL. I maybe once I've seen somebody that year,
he sent about seven bottles back.
We're at the rookie meal and he starts like,
he sips,
he goes,
this isn't it.
So what they did at Louie,
the was a 13th or whatever.
That's a 14th or 14,
whatever.
And,
uh,
they poured some other cheap stuff and they go,
Oh,
here it is,
Tommy.
That's it. Nothing
like a good Louie.
That was the stuff.
Hey, did you guys break it to him at the dinner?
Later. Was he too good?
Well, he just
said it was definitely
Louie. He thinks we lied.
Then you get traded to LA for Luke Robitaille.
Were you kind of getting sick of getting traded at this point? I always say when you get traded to L.A. for Luke Robitaille. Were you kind of getting sick of getting traded at this point?
I always say when you get traded, that means someone else wants you.
But you're also  another team's getting rid of you.
Were you getting frustrated at this point or no?
Yeah, well, the problem was is Craig Patrick knew we were going to go through contract.
And he said, you know, I love Craig.
So I knew what he was trying to do.
Yeah, you don't want to get moved all the time.
You know, Pittsburgh and Philly are the great franchise. I'd rather have stayed at those two places. I love Craig, so I knew what he was trying to do. Yeah, you don't want to get moved all the time.
Pittsburgh and Philly are the great franchise.
I'd rather have stayed at those two places.
And then I went to L.A. where the bankruptcy with Bruce McNall.
Crazy story with that, huh? L.A. was down on the...
What's the story?
Well, nobody knew, right?
Everyone thought he was loaded, and all of a sudden,
he went to jail, I think, didn't he?
Went to jail, yeah.
Bank fraud and all that stuff.
So what, did the league take back the team?
Well, another guy came in.
They brought another guy.
I forget his name, but it didn't have the money that Bruce supposedly had.
And that was a whole different vibe in L.A.
Like, we just weren't that good.
And then I got traded to Boston.
But I had fun.
That's where I really met Wayne.
I was going to say, is that when you went to Gatsby Game Boys?
Yeah, he was incredible.
Like, we saw, I don't know, movie premieres I went to.
It was great.
Just riding around.
Oh, I ran his coattails, man.
You know, we'd like, you know, hey.
All the way to TNT.
He had to do a couple of things in Vegas for Nortel.
He had to, you know, they pay him like, whatever,
150,000 to go speak and do some questions.
He goes, he has to go to Vegas. He want to go? Yeah, I'll go.
So I took more
jets that year and a half. Must have been a few
actresses when you were playing in LA, huh? I would imagine.
Yeah, back then.
Kate Hudson used to hang out.
Right? Is it Kate Hudson? Yeah.
She was around. Is that Goldie Hawn's daughter?
Goldie's daughter, yeah. Is it really?
Yeah, it's Goldie's daughter, not Kurt's daughter, though, yeah.
Kurt Russell and all those girls on Buffy the Vampire Slayer girls.
They were around.
So.
But I mean, you know, despite moving around so much
and maybe the team not being as good as the prior teams,
you got to play with arguably the two greatest hockey players of all time
in Wayne Gretzky and Mario Lemieux.
Do people often ask you, you know, like,
what are the differences between the two?
Yeah, I mean, listen, Mario's a 6'6", and Wayne's 6'.
So the height difference and the reach, that's a big advantage for Mario.
But for actual, they're the same guys, though.
Like, they love getting jabbed in the room.
They don't want to be treated as Wayne Gretzky and Mario Lemieux.
They were both really one of the boys.
One of the
boys.
Like both
like I can't
say enough.
Like they
you know
Wayne hated
the fact that
everybody's
nervous around
him.
So Marty
McSorley was
really good
there because
he'd rip
him right
in front of
guys.
Really?
Oh yeah.
Yeah because
I was going
to say who
was the guy
that would
always give
it to him.
Yeah like
he'd go hey
Gretz tell us
all the actors
that Janet
used to date.
Right in front
of the room and Wayne would just laugh and all the guys were Janet used to date. Right in front of the room.
And Wayne would just laugh, and all the guys were like,
oh, my God, I can't believe you said that.
But it actually was great for the guys because it loosened the guys up.
As you kept playing longer and longer, I mean, you had Mike Keenan,
you had Scotty Bowman, all these coaches.
Did you think, I want to be a coach?
Was that something at the end, the back nine, you started thinking,
I want to stay in the game that way?
You know what?
When I retired, I just kind of wanted to chill. started thinking, I want to stay in the game that way. You know what? When I retired,
I just kind of wanted to chill. I just didn't want to do anything. But after six,
I'm sorry, after three months of that,
Yeah, I know. You can't chill that long.
I'm a structured guy. I need structure.
I'm going to get in trouble. If I don't have structure
in my life, I'll get in trouble. So I said,
so actually Pierre Lacroix from Colorado called me
in December and said,
hey, we want to be an assistant coach.
And I'm like, man, yeah.
You see that team?
Peter Forsberg, Sakic, Blake, Adam Foote, Heyduke, Tanguy.
That was an all-star.
And lucky, I get to run the power play there.
Talk about a monkey behind a bench.
I was that monkey.
Because I had Pittsburgh, and I go to Colorado with that power play play and we were like 30 like it was incredible that power um i mean we don't we haven't gotten a chance to talk to him like you don't hear i guess a ton of stories about
forsberg but just like your time with him there and like what's what's his demeanor off the ice
seems like just like the coolest guy in the real cool guy they actually back then uh so it was in
uh for some reason they
he had paper you have the paper checks you know not the direct deposit yeah and i remember uh
he left a check and his visor and it was it was in his visor so long it discolored it was you know
he was making back then eight million it's like a four hundred thousand dollar check because the
son and all the credit for a month and the finally accounting goes hey peter
did you you haven't cashed that check it oh and he kind of searched around his car and was in his
car for like two months like a five hundred thousand dollars that's the way he was he
actually invested in crocs too yeah so were you on the team when apparently somebody came in and
just threw them all on the ground everybody what the fuck are these things yeah he was the one of
the guys invested he made a ton of money that's how he made most of his dollars exactly yes so my understanding is like it came down but part of
the agreement of him investing i think he ended up throwing in like a quarter of a million or half a
million dollars but he asked for the scandinavian rights if i'm saying that properly basically like
did something like that you're right and said i'll invest in this but i want the rights to
overseas and right afterward it ends up popping off.
And he probably made just as much investing in the Crocs as he did playing hockey his entire career.
The amount of nurses that wear them, that's like the game changer.
Everyone in hospitals wears Crocs.
It's crazy.
That's how he made the dough.
But he was so dominant.
And talk about a guy who, I mean, people talk about Mario's injuries.
But Forsberg, if he could have stayed healthy, who knows?
If I saw like a pay-per-view event, you know, you got, okay, I'd like to see this guy fight this guy, you know, Probert and Domi.
And then maybe see like, you know, Mario one-on-one with a goalie or Wayne do his thing.
I'd like to see Peter Forsberg and Jager go in a corner on a one-on-one game.
Just so big.
Two best guys I've ever seen.
You can't get the puck off those two.
And you've coached shit
and saying that and you know what sid yeah sid's in that bracket he might be the third seed because
like it's amazing those two guys were they they can play they talk about the game keep away you
can't get the puck and i think it's just their position they're you know they have the big ass
and they can position themselves and their their puck strength pretty cool for you
to get to go back
to be a flyer
before you retired
that last year
year and a half
because your last season
I saw you played 14 games
were you hurt
yeah I had a bad knee
so it wasn't necessarily
that you still wanted to play
and nobody would take you
it was like you knew
you were done
well actually you know
in 03-04
there was a couple of teams who wanted to sign me and I just didn't feel you know uh in 03 04 um there's a couple of teams want to sign me and
i just didn't feel you know half decent money too i just i just knew i couldn't give what i could
give and i just didn't want to be that guy just take them i swear to god i'm not trying to sound
cheesy no i believe you take the money but that last year the year before we had this eastern
conference finals was one of the top three best years of my life.
Not so much statistically for being a close team.
That was when Lindros left, remember,
at the beginning of the year.
And our team was so close.
Keith Jones, he was funniest guy I ever played with
was Keith Jones.
Oh, he's a comedian.
You know, Craig Berube.
Like, we had such a lot of fun.
Recchi was on that team.
Mark Recchi, John LeClair.
And we had fun, too.
Like, you know, you see guys say, let's go for lunch or meet at the bar?
We had literally 12, 15 guys every single time.
It's none of these three, four guys.
That team was so close.
And we almost went to the finals.
We lost in game seven to New Jersey.
Oh, my God.
Well, I mean, what a run you had.
What a career.
And I think now, I mean, taking the year off, doing the TV, which has gone so well like definitely not done with coaching yet though you think you want to do it again
yeah i'd like to yeah the right situation you know like the you know you got it you got it
you know gm and the coach has the communication has to be dialed in if you want to win like cooper
and uh breeze while they're in an eyes number four they were dialed in there's a there's a
there's a reason why these guys are successful because you have to be done with the gm and you got to get good assistant coaches you
know head coach good head coach has to have really good assistant coaches and they leave that up to
you to pick right well usually the gm wants his guy yeah and then you know you pick your staff
um but but most most good gms will say you know pick your staff but some guys some gms they want
their guy there and when you mentioned mentioned last year you had some interviews,
and you've done obviously interviews before for being a head coach,
what's the GM asking you?
It's just about what you think that team can do,
what systems you want to play.
How much are you preparing going into an interview to be a head coach?
Yeah, but I think everybody says the same thing, right?
Yeah, true.
I want a team that plays hard and cultured.
Everybody says the same thing.
The interviews I had, and I told those guys any i can tell you any system you want i can talk it what washington does and what what you know it depends it really comes
down to getting 24 guys to buy into your system you know you can win with any system it's buying
in to me if you're not a partner with a player nowadays you gotta have a shot you have to be a
partner with a player you have to have a partnership. You have to be a partner with a player. You have to have a partnership.
Like, you can't be a dictator.
You've got to treat everybody a little bit different.
And you've got, you know, the door's got to be open.
You've got to communicate.
Like, I really don't think you can go three days without actually talking to a guy individually,
whether it's about his family or about a power play.
Sometimes you go, you know, busy.
I'm sure when you play, nobody talks to you for a week.
I remember, like, myself. Oh, yeah, having no clue what you saw yeah i have no clue what i'll say i'm sure you play with coaches like man
the guy yeah like i think you have to talk to the guy i think you had you know you can't always talk
to the same guys right and um that's just what i believe in yeah um do you feel comfortable uh
like saying who interviewed you for an assistant coaching job like you have to keep that under
wraps like no i mean like you know tor No, I mean, like, you know,
Toronto and Boston called and, you know,
I was talking to Pitt.
So does the chance at a Stanley Cup ring,
is that more enticing to you
than maybe the opportunity for maybe salary-wise
or control-wise?
And maybe what you're going to do as an assistant,
like whether they're going to say,
hey, you're going to be the third guy up in the sky
or are you going to be running the power?
Well, that's, no, I'm not being the third guy.
Right there.
Fuck no, baby.
Well, there you go.
Well, talk.
I mean, we appreciate it.
No, no, I was just asking.
Maybe you want to do that, so I didn't know.
Well, so tomorrow night when we go on the show,
are you going to be the sound?
Are you going to go just do,
you're going to go do the what?
All right, it was a stupid question.
All right, talk.
Well, talk, what a career.
And you obviously have done it as a head coach too
and Stanley Cup winner as an assistant.
So we thank you very much for coming on.
It's been a pleasure.
A lot of fun, boys.
I appreciate it.
Thank you.
We'll get you on again.
Awesome.
Well, hopefully when you're a head coach.
No, then he won't come on with us.
Yeah, yeah.
Huge thanks to Rick Tockett for meeting up with us down in Atlanta.
Great guy.
His interview was awesome.
Hopefully you enjoyed it.
Want to let you know that his interview is also brought to you by TaylorMade.
Are you ready for the ultimate giveaway?
We're teaming up with our friends at TaylorMade for the ultimate season
opener sweepstakes and giving away 50 prizes to 50 different winners.
Prizes include everything from a grand prize,
full bag of new tailor-made clubs to a new stealth driver to TP5X golf balls
and everything in between.
Now through May 10th,
go to tailor-made golf.com slash barstool sweeps to enter and celebrate the
season's first major and the unofficial start to the golf season.
The Sweeps is running across a number of podcasts within the Bostool Network,
and we want our loyal followers to win.
So head over to TaylorMadeGolf.com slash Bostool Sweeps right now
for your chance to win, and be sure to let them know
you heard it from Spittin' Chicklets.
Make this golf season better and fill your bag with the best.
Of course course that's
tailor-made go to tailor-made golf.com slash boss dual sweeps right now for your chance to win big
those are the sticks that i'm using in the sandbaggers boys check out the new carbon wood
too i'll be fucking piping drives down the middle like i've been doing the last few. TNT Biz is now a golf expert.
And, Whit, I would say playing, like, definitely, like,
we're about even about what we're contributing the last two.
Would you not agree?
Up until now, but until the one Wednesday,
everybody can reshuffle the deck after that.
Yeah, I was very, very pleased.
Very pleased.
Yeah, you were hitting your driver phenomenal. I love where your game's at, bro. I've always been a very supportive teammate for pleased. Very pleased. What was the... Yeah, you were hitting your driver phenomenal.
I love where your game's at, bro.
I've always been a very supportive teammate for you.
All right.
You know that's true.
Yes, Al.
You haven't been very supportive of me.
Yes, Al.
All right, boys.
Kind of a wild clip in the Bruins-Ottawa game last week.
I'd never seen it before.
The referee, he kind of got in the way of the puck.
Then he actually kicked it to Bruins defenseman Mike Riley, as if he was like playing it some you ever see this happen before a guy that is deliberately kicked it right to a guy or at least a pair to deliberately do it
I've seen it a few times over the years uh maybe not that obvious but I think that's just plain old
common sense okay that's exactly where the puck was going he got in the way it was going the same
speed and he gave it right over to the guy.
Would you not agree that he pretty much timed the pass
the way that it would have went over that D-man anyway?
I thought it made total sense because he blocked the pass.
He knew 100 it was going to go right there,
so I'll just make my wrong right, and I'll kick it over to him.
I mean, people went nuts about it, but those people are idiots
because literally the guy made the perfect reverse.
The Bruins of Ensign made the perfect reverse.
The ref got in the way.
At that point, he's like, oh, shit.
So I'm just going to fix my mistake and do what would have happened anyways
had I not been standing there.
All right.
Well said.
Gee, your boy, Eric Holla.
Absolutely on fire since you pumped his tires.
So are we now going with it?
It's his boy, even though he dogged him.
I never dogged him.
He's Hollywood, baby.
You said they couldn't win the stand that you.
All right, take that back.
You said they were in a big load of trouble with their second line.
I don't recall saying that.
Do you have the answer?
Wow.
I'm going to be honest.
I just thought it was some tough love in a sense.
If they get him going, that could be an answer.
G, G, we go way back.
Look me in the eyes.
The day of the deadline.
The day of the deadline.
What did you fucking say, dude?
Don't do this.
Don't do this.
God, my memory is so cloudy.
Oh, he did say it like that.
I was defending you, you fucker.
What?
I was defending him. I didn't think that he worded it the way that you're defending you, you fucker. What? I was defending him. I didn't
think that he worded it the way that you're saying.
So you were basically... Dude, no. He said
they're screwed with Holla as
their second line center. No way. That's me
paraphrasing. That's what he said.
No way. Pull the clip. Oh, you know you're such
a liar. I'm going to get a fucking lie to tell you.
I looked at it more like tough love,
but yeah. All right.
Best second line center in the NHL.
Avery will tell me.
If I hadn't said I hated Avery so much,
he probably would have remembered this and backed me up.
Where's Sean?
Wow.
I'll fight him.
So much for that quiet second half, huh?
All right, boys.
Moving right along.
Now he's laughing over there.
He knows what I'm talking about.
It's right.
All right.
Now he's got a haul of jersey on.
He was dogging them to my face.
All right.
Have you had a chance to have a close eye on the bruins over the last little bit like
are you liking where the team's at what do you think in the weaknesses how confident are you
going into playoffs about the bees like i need the bees breakdown from the bees reporter the rear
um i wouldn't call them a top echelon uh contender i do think they are a contender um
lena salmach the goal you had to leave the game the other night.
He got hit with a slap shot in the mask. Hopefully it was just
precautionary. The power play has been trash
without pasta lately, but I think
I don't worry about that. Once the playoffs
stop, man, it's a whole reset. It's like pushing the reset
button on the whole season.
I'm confident they can make a run, Biz, but
also, I don't know who they're going to draw in the first round.
Like I've said before, you can have a
great team, and what alluded to it earlier, between the St. Louis-Minnesota series we're going to draw in the first round. And like I've said before, you can have a great team. And what alluded to it earlier between the St. Louis and Minnesota series,
we're going to get sometimes very good teams, great teams losing the first round.
It doesn't mean that they had an awful season or they were bad.
It can happen.
But if the Bruins lost in the first round to, you know, a bona fide contender,
it would suck, but it wouldn't surprise me.
Also, if they go on a run, it wouldn't.
I think they got a pretty solid team.
The window here with Bergeron,
who knows how long he's going to play for. It's closing.
Whether we get, this is the last year,
whether we get another year or two out of them, who knows.
So, long story longer,
I don't have them as a
top contender, but yeah, I've got money on them.
I'm rooting for them. It wouldn't surprise me if they go on a run.
Quickly, who's your first
round matchup, your dream?
Who do you want?
I mean, it's looking like Carolina right now, and I'm fine with that.
I mean, I know Freddie Anderson has been much better this year
than he was with Toronto last year, but I'm fine with taking Carolina on.
I think the Bruins match up with them well.
Historically, they've played them fine.
And, yeah, I'll put either Swayman or Mark against Freddie and Ratha.
I'll take that.
I would not want the Leafs.
I think this should be, I don't know.
It was looking like it might happen with,
but I think it's going to take too much for that to happen now,
given the way that the spots have kind of flip-flopped a little.
I think they're going to.
Rangers don't scare me either, though.
Rangers, you guys were talking about how scary the New York Rangers are.
They don't scare me one bit.
Not one bit.
Good point, G.
They could end up playing the Rangers. Yeah, and that's
another team. I don't know. Boston, they
always seem to give them a good game, but Shusterkin's
been outstanding. Best goalie this season.
We're going to have to prove that. We're going to have to make Grinnelli
our gambling mule against Avery.
What should we bet Avery if we bet him
with Grinnelli up
as our mule?
I won't embarrass him on
YouTube and twitter ever again
i don't know that would be your promise the worry about posture knock is that
whatever injury this is its core so it's like i don't i feel like that's going to be something
that's pretty hard to come back from and be at the top level i think i think larkin just ended
up having season ending
injury for an abdominal issue so yeah like you're saying like sometimes those are things that can
linger and usually take something surgical in order of prayer or a lot of arrest and didn't
pasta have the same type injury last year wasn't that core he was battling something last playoffs
too i remember i don't know if they would consider it core,
but even towards the end of my career,
bilateral sports hernia surgery.
So it's like right up.
That would be core.
That would be core, I think.
Yeah, and I know.
I mean, it's becoming more common.
And I had to have meshing put in.
And by the time that gets settled in,
it's pretty much a good six-month recovery.
So sometimes guys get them done. The meshing rips. put in and by the time that gets settled in it's pretty much a good you know six month recovery so
sometimes guys get them done the meshing rips i don't know if he addressed it with surgery in
the off season if you said that he went through something last year but but but to reiterate your
point it's kind of like a it's kind of like a high ankle sprain you just never know and you
never know how long it's going to keep bugging you i got the mesh in me biz not from a sports
hernia just your traditional hernia
there's a you know i don't think i did enough sports to get a sports hernia but yeah it takes
a while to get used to that a sport to get a sports all right there's an echo in here
uh pretty cool moment actually a couple of them tampa bay versus anaheim last week
um they had cory perry go and take the face off versus ryan getlaff, his former compadre out in Anaheim.
And then the whole team lined up afterwards, Tampa,
to shake his hand and dab him up.
Pretty cool stuff.
I know you guys saw that.
It was awesome.
You saw Stamkos and Getzlaff, a bunch of international games together,
give each other a big hug.
Perry was the last one to go.
Very impressed.
Perry snapped it back on him.
But maybe it was a little bit of a tie,
and the winger came in from Tampa and won the draw.
So I'm sure both those guys were giving an all-out effort
to try to win a draw.
I'm sure Getze was like, what are you doing in here, Worm?
You're a winger.
But it's cool to see Getzev's retirement little press conference
where his kids were in jerseys.
I think it was his dad was in a jersey.
It was really cool.
And the thing about him is he's not somebody that's, like,
comfortable is not the right word, but he doesn't want the spotlight.
He doesn't want the big Derek Jeter announce my retirement swing
the entire season.
He's more about I think he's going to take it all in and play these last
few games as well as he can, play as hard as he can.
We talked about him trying to fight Shvetchnikov the week before.
last few games as well as he can play as hard as he can we talked about him trying to fight shvetsnikov the week before and now you see like these teams like showing their respect and and
letting him know that he's a true competitor and a great of the game the last 15 20 years
that deserves the respect of all these teams he's played against and he's probably like not that
comfortable with it i think just the type of guy he is it's he's pretty laid back doesn't
think anything special of himself i would say really has no ego on him ryan gets that so now
you see these things happening which they should happen and these teams should pay their respects
to him as a player in his career but it's like i don't think he's like in for all that i think he
just kind of yeah all right i'll do it if anything i wouldn't be surprised if if maybe he was talked into announcing it when he did because now he gets to if he stays healthy
because he was injured coming into this last little stretch here he gets two more home games
so they'll probably sell him out and he'll get the proper send-off that he deserves yeah you get to
get people you know enough time to spread the word and i could i couldn't agree with more with you he
probably is the type of guy like i would i would rather just announce it at the end of the season and dip out yeah that's a good
point he might have been just yeah and just totally and never had to see anyone again like
and and some people may want all the fanfare and he's just like i'm good i just made like
100 million i'm gonna play golf every day he has like 15 kids too i think yeah uh the lightning
also re-up backup goalie Brian Elliott
for another year at 900,000.
He's another member of that famed 0-3 draft class
that's still playing today.
He was taken in the ninth round by Otto
in the draft's penultimate pick.
Eight players taken in the last round
played at least 159 games too from that draft.
That's pretty impressive.
I know they don't do nine rounds anymore,
but for that many guys to get that many games,
pretty indicative of how deep.
That's shocking, actually.
Remarkable.
There was a nice read about Moose, too.
I sent it to you guys in The Athletic.
Pretty cool story about him.
And there was another story about the Lightning.
They're said to be the sharpest-dressed team in the league.
Sweden, obviously, those guys dress great.
They're a huge influence in the room.
Victor Hedman says Austin Matthews is probably the most fashionable guy in the league biz and i i guess serga chip bought ostrich boots for the
outdoor game down in nashville but they also had him ahead of it in a pair of jinko jeans what
they call is it jinko jeans gee those fucking big hideous ones so i don't know if you guys
heard this tampa is the best dressed team in the league biz Biz? Is that true, you think, or what? I think of Kalorn. I think of a very well-dressed guy.
I think of Stammer, Hedman, yes.
And, yeah, going down the list,
I would probably have to say
they probably would have stuck out
as one of the top-tier ones.
Other teams, Whit, who would you think of
who would be the most fashionable?
I don't know.
I think the only reason you're even thinking of Tampa
is because they've played so many games in the last few years
that you see them walking into the arena so often,
whereas other teams you just haven't seen that many outfits.
Yeah, but then you also got a guy like Maroon who's walking in with the fedora.
He's kind of like a little tiny bit overweight,
so he's got that look going for him too. So got a lot of different types of of looks walking in um i feel
like uh we see you also see boston a lot and then you see pasta with all the fancy ones i feel like
marshawn's always got the black on black with the johnny cash looking like the villain um toronto
biz how can you leave out toronto like william neilander
matthews like they're they're stacked there too yeah so i'm not the hugest hype beast they get a
little bit more into like the newer trends that that are um very trendy and not as classic looking
but yeah i mean i'm okay with some of the stuff that they rock what's the most you ever seen a guy drop on a suit with uh biz's three thousand dollar uh cowboy hat no i don't
even think it was that much suit but anyway yeah like a suit or you know spree perhaps i don't
know that guy in montreal was taking everyone to the cleaners and everyone had the same suits and
ties remember that biz yep uh i i intended. I can't think of anything.
Although the one funny picture of the lightning,
it was Kucherov, Sergachev, and Vasilevsky.
They looked like city slickers.
They looked like Michael J. Fox in Back to the Future
when he goes back to the old Western days
and he's got plastic boots on.
They looked good, but it was just hilarious,
these three Russians in the jeans suit.
I bet you the most expensive suits were Russians in the, in the jeans.
I bet you, uh, I bet you the most expensive suits, um, were probably, uh, in Malkin's closet.
I was just going to say, Gino probably had some sick ones.
Cause he would, he would have new Louis Vuittons on every couple of weeks.
He would spend it on clothes.
Now, as far as the suits are concerned, he wouldn't have a ton of them,
but they would all be high level like Tom Tom Ford or Dolce  Gabbana.
I don't know what other high-end brands.
So in my opinion, Biz, spending thousands and thousands of dollars on a suit
is just so stupid because I just think there's a suit you could spend 10 grand on, and then you could probably buy a very, very similar suit
for 1,500 and look the exact same to the layman eye.
It's one of those things.
More variety than spending 10 on one suit.
I would say that Henrik Lundqvist probably has some very expensive suits.
He might be the best-dressed NHL player of all time.
It might be like a bottle of wine.
You can't tell the difference between a 1,000 suit and a 10,000 suit,
similar like a 30 bottle of wine and a 300 bottle of wine.
Yeah, I can on wine.
I can.
I don't have scumbag taste.
You know who was one of the classier dressers?
Zetterberg.
Yeah.
He would always have that perfectly manicured beard.
He kind of looks,
looks like Jake Gyllenhaal a little.
Yeah.
We went on a golf trip in Europe.
It was like the perfect,
you know,
the 55 degree European day.
He's got the,
he's got the sweater on.
Like it's just the tight gray pants.
Like I'm kind of getting hard talking about him.
Fucking Zetterberg.
He always looked unreal.
Who was the ugliest suit you've ever seen?
I would say Rob Scuderi.
We've talked about him before.
He just didn't give a fuck.
Yeah.
I still think that when I had my suit,
when I got traded to Edmonton,
it just so happened to have a navy,
a dark navy
blue suit with the faintest
lightest orange
pinstripe. That sounds so ridiculous,
but if you saw me from a distance, you wouldn't
even know that the color was in the stripe,
that there was even
a pinstripe because it was so faint,
but then sitting down on the plane and Horkoff's
like, oh, that's nice. You got an
oiler's colored suit that you're wearing
to the first game as an Oiler.
That was probably an ugly suit looking back on that now.
I caught some heat for that.
I would say easily the worst dresser I've ever played with
is Radoslav Klesla, and the fact that he made as much
as he did in Dress This Bad, he was just like cargo shorts
that would go past his knee with the string hanging down
also the ones that would have the it looked like an old quilt and it would have all the different
patches those types of shorts he would always be wearing runners but with ankle socks that came up
a little bit but they were white ankle socks that looked like he washed and dried with the black load
um sometimes exposing the nike
check mark and he was wearing adidas shoes which also kind of drives me bananas uh he would have
that get up on the lower half with sometimes like a tommy bahama button up that was maybe one size
too big uh it was just like aero pastel or or an abercrombie t-shirt every now and then wouldn't
have surprised me it was i was just flabbergasted the the combos that he would have on too it's just
like all the colors and shit it just i had these nike golf shoes once these sick nike golf shoes and
i somehow only brought socks that had an adidas logo on them. And I was like, all right, no.
So I went in the pro shop and they only had socks with a Foot Joy logo on them.
And I said, no.
So I wore them barefoot.
It was 95 degrees.
Ruined the shoes.
I don't think I ever wore them again because I was unwilling.
Because if you're wearing Nike shoes or Adidas shoes and you wear another company's socks,
that for me is one of the worst looks in the world.
You should be shot into outer space.
I think that would be a fair punishment.
I was in CVS the other day picking up a script and a woman behind me said,
hey, where'd you get those sneakers?
I really like them.
I bought my Asics that you bought me in Toronto.
Really?
Yeah, I swear to God.
Don't be wearing those with Nike or Adidas ankle socks.
That's not a problem.
I don't own any logoed socks.
Dude, he wears like Walmart tube socks.
He's not having logoed socks.
I wear Bobo logo socks.
No, not even kidding, Biz.
Like a lot of people did.
And even that night in Toronto,
everybody who came to the line was dapping me up
for the sneakers you bought me.
So good style.
They look good, buddy. Classy move, Biz. Nice move biz nice kicks all right i like them thank you buddy thank you
all right moving right along we got a few bullet points to get to here the heart and soul of the
march y'all canadians made his first start of the season friday and the aisles did beat him for
nothing but it was nice to see carrie price back out in the ice the fans gave him a huge
hearty applause no shock there uh and then can Michael Pezzetta, he got two games for an illegal
check to the head of TJ Oshie.
Again, seemed about right. Did you think he
deserved more wit on that one? I mean, it was kind
of one of those flybys, catches him in the head. No,
pretty much a standard two-game suspension right
there. Yeah, pretty much so.
Let's see. Vancouver forward
Bo Horvat, he suffered a lower body injury
Friday night, and the team said he'll be re-evaluated
in about two weeks, which I guess
means he's pretty much done for the season, because the season's
over in two weeks. And did you see
this clip? Some dopey Canucks fan threw a hot dog
on the ice in Phil Kessel's direction.
Like, can we put this fucking Phil Kessel
hot dog shit to bed? No. Steve Simmons
lied and made this stuff up. Like, nobody
found this fucking hot dog vendor. That's a complete lie. That whole
article was a lie. Yeah.
Somebody double-checked on it.
They found no evidence of this hot dog vendor anywhere near on the route
where Phil Kessel would have gone to his fucking practice or game
or whatever the story was.
But I think once Kessel put it in the Stanley Cup,
it was kind of like forever going to be a thing.
Right.
But I think he was just trolling Simmons.
But, yeah, you're right.
All it did is feed into the fucking story more.
But, I mean, honestly, throwing a hot dog on the ice, that's just
fucking stupid, dude. You wasted 10 on a
hot dog just to throw at a guy. I
don't know. Grow the fuck up, dude. Is that a grind, Mike
Gears? I was just wondering.
You got another one?
Well, I had one pre-prepared.
Yeah, pre-prepared already. That one just kind of
come up spur of the moment. But no, I get it.
Let me ask you a question. If you were sitting there
and some idiot, as you would describe him, goes out there and throws a ten dollar hot dog at kessel and he's
walking back up are you standing up and saying you're a fucking idiot are you just sitting there
with your hands because you don't know what kind of fucking people you can encounter in society
these days and i'm not going to get fucking punched or stabbed a shot because i yelled at a guy from
fucking wasting his own money on a hot dog. It's just
stupid to throw it on the ice. I mean,
it's fine to throw hats on the ice or if your team sucks
and you want to throw your jersey out in the fourth game of the year.
But I don't know. I just think it's
stupid. And yeah, the whole thing that it didn't even
happen. I don't know. I mean,
not that Castle's my boy or anything, but I
don't know. I just I'm so sick. Well, you seem to work up
about it. I thought he was your boy. You know
my you know me. It doesn't take much.
Our pal Kevin Weeks confirmed Mikey Grinelli's earlier report
that the Bruins were going to host the Pittsburgh Penguins
at the next Winter Classic here in Boston.
So, gee, congrats on that scoop, Kevin.
Oh, here we go.
We got to make sure we get our credit, guys.
All right.
Gee's credit.
I'm not.
It's gee broke it.
Gee, where did you hear that this was going to happen?
Obviously, you have a source.
Can you not reveal your source?
Can't reveal my source.
Definitely can't reveal them.
Big J.
But I trusted him.
I just ran with it.
And if it missed, we're the rumor boys, you know?
I doubled down.
I doubled down in Vegas.
No one gave me credit the first time.
And I said, not only is it going to be at Fenway,
I guarantee it's Bruins versus
Penguins. Pretty sure I just gave you credit.
Yep. Oh, yeah.
You don't count, though. He means outside people.
I'm sure we'll be acting up that weekend,
Biz, in my backyard here in Boston. I love
that I don't have to travel after Christmas next year.
That's great. That's going to be a time and a half
here. Biz, I don't
skate, but there's definitely going to be
a Penguins-uins bruins alumni game
so you got to play for the pens and then i'll maybe they'll let me coach yeah i'll need a full
time i'll need a full-time trainer five days a week i'll have to get back on the blades you'll
have your breathing coach come to the game yep oxygen tank on the bench i would yeah i would
consider playing in that and that's enough time to get prepared.
And once the Chicklets Cup comes and I'm in shape, all right.
But you got to remember, they got a lot of good alumni
that might say, like, we're not fucking inviting this loser
who played 15 games for us that we had to get rid of
because he kept asking Mario out to lunch
and he had to fucking pigeon toss him.
This clip of Brady Kachuk
and Josh Norris that was going around, I guess
everyone thought it was karaoke, but it looked like they were jamming
with the band.
The band invited him up on stage.
Dude, this Mr. Brightside song, gee, is this like the
anthem for your generation? I swear to God,
every fucking time I see a clip, it's that song
somewhere. Nothing gets a bar going like
Mr. Brightside. It is such a good song.
It's unbelievable. I'm not badmouthing the song.
I just I'm I can't say I'm super familiar with it.
I obviously know it, but it just seems like, yeah, it's like a generational
tune for you young hoppers out there.
Yeah, either way.
I love that he had his Patriots jacket on Brady in the clip.
But if you had a go, do you have a go to song if you ever did karaoke biz?
No, I was thinking about like practicing one.
So I was good enough.
I did one at the team party one time, but it was the South Park.
You respect my authority.
The chef.
What did the chef sing?
Oh, suck on my chocolate salty balls.
Suck on.
And it was just like it went too long and everyone's like shut the fuck up
but no
I don't have a go to do you have a go to
wit I've said many
times on this show I have a go to
many times I think
we've discussed this we didn't start the fire
by Billy Joel
Einstein James Dean
Brooklyn's got a winning team Davy
Crocker Peter Pan Elvis Presley, Disneyland.
Bado, Budapest, Alain B. LaCouche.
I love that song.
I've always loved it my whole life.
Wheel of Fortune, Sally Ride, Heavy Metal, Suicide, Foreign Debts, Homeless Vets, AIDS, Crack, Bernie Getz.
Hypodermics on the show.
Dude, I seen that in concert, dude.
I seen that tour, the Stormfront tour back in 89.
We didn't start the fire.
It blows people away doing karaoke.
Karaoke.
Yeah, the words are on the screen, but it's so fast
that if you don't know the words, you're going to be embarrassed.
You're going to look like me in Sweden when I thought I could still play pro hockey
and I got absolutely crucified and I got laid out and just embarrassed.
If you try doing We Didn't Start the Fire
and don't know every word like myself, you're done.
Well, I was just going to say,
the way that you just sang it,
you've missed your calling.
You should have been a rock star.
Bird control, Ho Chi Minh, Richard Nixon back again.
Moonshot, Woodstock, Watergate, Punt Rock,
Reagan, Reagan, Palestine, terror on the airline.
Ayatollahs in Iran, Russiansussians in afghanistan we didn't start the fire holy fuck wow wet fucking didn't know you had it
in you you don't even have any of these smelling salts saying that song many a time can you perform
a trickle scott please yeah but i need i do need for a couple of the... A couple of cocktails. A couple of the, like, what are they called in songs?
Teleprompter.
Paragraphs.
Yeah, the teleprompter.
It needs to be karaoke,
because I know pretty much all of them,
but I need to see them.
Yeah, be able to lean on it.
Wow, that was unbelievable.
Now, have you done that in a bar many a times?
Yeah, I've probably sang it like three or four times in bars.
Karaoke rippled all three or four.
Grinnelli, do you have a go to?
Mine was always build me up buttercup.
Don't know why.
It just works for me.
Is that the song from something about Mary?
What do you build me up buttercup, baby?
That gets the bar in a good mood.
Yeah, it gets everyone going.
Keep going, buddy.
You're buzzing.
Testing around.
And then worst of all.
Worst of all.
Baby, when you say you do.
Say you will.
I love you still.
I need you.
Need you.
More than anybody, darling.
You know that I'll be there from the start.
I'm going to be honest, guys.
I got rocks for brains, and I can't remember words to songs.
It's hard for me to memorize songs.
I usually get the lyrics wrong.
Remember, I was blessing Philly with my voice,
and they fucking pulled the plug on me, and I had to finish Acapulco.
I would say you're the worst singer on the podcast.
After hearing Grinnell, I'm just...
Grinnell had a good voice.
I am tone deaf with a tinny of biz.
I will not argue.
You're deaf like a haddock is what you always say.
I'm deaf as a haddock, boy.
That's an old Boston saying.
I think a duet would be good.
I never did a duet.
If you did Tom Petty and Stevie Nicks or Kenny Rogers and Dolly Parton,
that could work.
You need a duet.
My neck, my back, pussy and my crack.
All right, boys.
Hey, when you're buying a home, it can feel like you're skating on thin ice.
There's a thousand things that can go wrong.
So you need a team that will help you navigate the home buying process.
That's what Cross Country Mortgage is for.
They have a team of loan offices dedicated to get you the best possible loan terms available.
They have an average close time of 21 days, which is ridiculously fast.
They've got a wide variety of loan types,
which means they've got everything to cover everyone.
And we have some exciting news.
They're giving away free bar stool and cross-country mortgage sweatshirts
when you sign up to refi or get pre-approval while supplies last.
So go with cross-country mortgage. You'll
experience what it's like to skate on fresh ice. Go to ccm.com slash boss news or cross-country
mortgage can take you through the home buying process or the refi process. Cross-country
mortgage LLC NMLS 3029 all loans subject to underwriting. www.nmlsconsumeraccess.org.
All right, boys, moving right along here.
The Norfolk Admirals of the East Coast Hockey League enshrined two new members
into their Hall of Fame over the weekend.
A couple of old Chicklets alumni, Sean Thornton and John Cooper,
got the honors.
Thornton actually made it down on Norfolk for
the occasion uh Coop was coaching Saturday night so he couldn't make it but he did send along an
acceptance speech uh Coop was there for two seasons certainly left his mark he won the call
the cup in 2012 when the team was still in the AHL they won 28 straight games on the Coop and
of course thought he was there for five seasons where he averaged about 240 pims per season while
only averaging 63 games.
So congratulations to those guys.
It's a hell of an honor and happy to see that.
Great road city.
Great road city.
The boys always went out in Norfolk
because you're staying there overnight.
You're taking the sleeper bus down.
Well, in most cases.
You know where I was in Norfolk, R.A.?
You know what happened when I was in Norfolk?
The Red Sox won game seven against the New York Yankees after being down 0-3.
And we had a game the night of Game 7.
And I got off the ice.
It was like, I don't remember, you know, 9 o'clock.
And they were already up.
They went up early in that game, I think, right?
Like, didn't Damon hit a dinger early on?
Yeah, I was on TV when he hit it.
Were you?
Not a big deal, yeah.
And then we got to the bar pretty quick and watched the Red Sox win the pennant.
That was my memorable.
But the Norfolk, yeah, what was that bar?
Great bar we went to.
Bar Norfolk?
Yeah, I think that's what it was, Bar Norfolk.
Who were you playing for in 2004?
The Wilkes-Barre-Squanton Penguins The Wilkes-Barre-Spranton Penguins.
Wilkes-Barre-Spranton Penguins.
It was actually sick because I think that  what year was that?
2004.
Yep.
Yeah, so that was the lockout year.
It was awesome, though.
I remember we won, and then I went out.
Duncan Keith was all over me in the game.
The guy used to chirp me nonstop.
Turns out he'd been to the Hall of Fame.
I'm running a fucking podcast.
I can't even put a sentence together half the time.
But you can karaoke, baby.
I somehow managed to get back to Manhattan that night, too,
from the Bronx that night, too.
What?
I said I managed to somehow get back to Manhattan from the Bronx that night.
I was at that game.
What do you mean?
How is that hard?
What do you mean? How is that hard? That's the dumbest thing.
What do you mean?
You went to Manhattan.
I was saying I got to Scituate after the Red Sox game.
Yeah, if you were fucking crippled in a foreign city
where your team just beat the Yankees.
R.A. basically went to war is what he's saying.
He should get a Purple Heart.
R.A., were you like loud, obnoxious Sox fans
as they were winning or more afraid of getting suckered?
Nope.
Staying quiet.
Quiet as a church mouse.
My buddy from Queens was like, dude, I was at game six.
He's like, whatever you do, do not wear any logos visible.
I goes, dude, I'm by myself.
I'm not going to.
The only shit I had on going back to Sox, actually maybe the only logoed socks i have a boston red socks logos i went i'm in a
yankee swap years ago and i never wore them and i wore them down to no pun intended seven yeah
not intended i actually did wear them i and i only show them to like fellow socks fans because yeah
i don't want to get fucking carved up like a thanksgiving turkey just to root on my red socks
wit if you were going into enemy territory like that,
as R.A. is describing it, laying low in the trenches,
would you wear a Boston Red Sox hat?
Because you said you only had socks on that you couldn't see.
Right.
Are you wearing a hat?
I had a hat.
It wasn't a socks hat, though.
Yeah, I think.
I don a hat. It wasn't a socks hat, though. Yeah, I think. I don't know.
Yeah.
Is it worth some scumbag Vinny from frigging the Bronx sucker punching you?
I don't know, but I'd probably be in seats where I wouldn't have to worry about.
That's all I wanted to hear.
We can move on.
Well, I was in St. Louis the next week.
It was like the opposite.
I was dressed like I was playing for the Red Sox because you don't have to worry about Blues fans
fucking jumping you and beating the fuck out of you.
They literally were congratulating us
on the seventh inning of game four.
Congratulations.
R.A.'s in the batter's box.
He's got the full uni custom on.
Good stuff, man.
What else we got here?
Okay, last week saw the debut of a handful of college players,
including Buffalo's number one overall pick, Owen Power,
and Seattle's first ever draft pick, Matty Benares.
He went second in that same draft.
He had an assist on a Ryan Donato goal in his debut,
and then he scored in his second game.
I wonder if Marshawn Lynch is going to take out Matty Benares
for some donuts on the Zamboni.
That clip you guys sent over, I guess Marshawn Lynch has become a pod owner
of the Seattle Crackers, and they let him take the Zamboniamboni for a fucking spin jeez who found that video that was fucking hilarious
yeah it's going viral it's it's crazy it's hilarious to see hey man so marshawn lynch
so marshawn lynch has one of the funniest driving a mobile mobile clips of all time when he was at
cal he grabbed like a golf cart after the game
and was bombing around the football field so maybe that was kind of a playoff that is him
letting the drive to zamboni but then mclemore is also a part owner is mclemore one of those like
super disliked artist biz no i think he's really well liked i think that in the rap community he
may may not get the respect i think that i think think that he felt a lot of hate when he ended up winning rap album of the year over.
I think he won it over a rapper.
He won it.
Dude, not a rapper.
He won it over Kendrick Lamar.
And I think it was Matt that Mad City album.
Good kid, Mad City.
Yeah, good kid, Mad City.
And everybody was like, are you fucking kidding me?
Because he had like two of those poppier beats.
He reminds me of Sean White.
Yeah, he's navigated his career extremely well.
I think he's got a couple, maybe a couple of Grammys now,
but he probably has bank.
But I think it's good.
I think they're also doing it at the right time.
I mean, they had a tough year.
There's a lot of things maybe to not be happy about.
But with them hopping on, you know, you're going to have more celebrities at games.
It's going to be more of a scene.
And in a year that you don't have a lot to celebrate, they got a couple of cool owners.
And then, obviously, Marshawn Lynch is Marshawn Lynch.
And they're probably going to have, like, three or four funny clips going on in the Jumbotron
game with that guy in the house
I don't know one song by Macklemore
not my cup of tea but I think
the guy can at least laugh at himself you know the show
Dave I know you watched it you told me to watch
it though the one little Dickie and he actually
came on as a guest star and it was like the role
was like he was playing himself but it was like totally
poking fun at himself because he was playing like a white
little white kid's birthday party or something so I think it was like kind of playing himself, but it was like totally poking fun of himself because he was playing like a white little white kid's birthday party or something.
So I think it was like kind of goofing on him like that might be some of his core audience.
But either way, the guy seems like he can at least like laugh at himself.
He's a golf nut, too.
Pretty funny episode.
Oh, yeah, we got some golf coming up soon.
Also, Owen Powell, he got the the locker room trinket from the Sabres for player of the game.
In this case, it was an actual Sabre.
I didn't realize they gave out weapons in the locker room
and he pulled that out of the sheath
and the place is going wild over it.
But I didn't realize they gave out a legit fucking sword
for player of the game trinket.
And his 92-year-old grandmother showed up too.
I included that.
Thank you, grandmother.
She had his jersey on and stuff showing up
at the arena for his game.
You got to love that stuff from grandparents
showing up for the grandson's first game.
Good stuff. All right. Congratulations to NCAA
legend Jerry York. He retired after 50 years of coaching
Division I hockey. He was at Clarkson and Bowling Green and of course the last
28 at Boston College. He won five national championships
four at BC, one at Bowling Green. He's the winningest coach in NCAA
history and he's a member of both the Hockey Hall of Fame
and the U.S. Hockey Hall of Fame.
He's coached four Hobie Baker winners,
and 17 of his players were drafted in the first round.
Witt, I know he wasn't your coach who went against him,
but just an absolute legend of the game, no doubt.
I know I wanted to chime in here as a former Hockey Hall of Fame guy.
Yeah, I mean, you know, Jack Parker, the longtime legendary coach at BU,
Jerry York, same exact thing at BC.
You know, you've heard great things from him from former players.
Mike Motto said a really nice thing about him on the ring shrinks in terms of, you know, him really caring about building character with kids and it not just being all about the game and it really being about what type of human beings these kids are. And, I mean, I never played for him.
And he never swore, which I think was hilarious,
like saying frigging and stuff like that.
Like that's just funny as hell.
Guys laugh at that.
But what a run because to coach that long and then to finally call it quits
is like that's going to leave a big hole for him, right?
This is his entire life.
It's like all he knows.
So congrats to him on an amazing career.
As much as it hates me and pains me to say,
BC, they've been the better program than BU
over the last 15 years.
It's upsetting to say, but that's a fact,
and I hope it switches.
And ironically enough, maybe two of the top five biggest jobs in college hockey open right now.
And, and, you know,
I'd love to see David Quinn or Jay Pandolfo as the head coach of BU.
I think Quinny still might want to coach in the NHL.
I don't know what's going on with Pando.
I'm guessing he'd have the option to take it if he wants,
we'll see what happens.
But then now there's going to be a bunch of big time names going for BC's
job. So a huge transition in the world of Boston hockey,
but congratulations to Jerry York.
I remember him from my recruiting trip where I was offered a full ride.
When I was a freshman in high school.
Thank you very much for that.
I couldn't take advantage of it,
but still go be you.
BC sucks.
Had you already made your decision before going on the visit?
Yeah,
pretty much.
I wanted to go to be you,
but like, you know, you're going to go look at both,
but I wanted to go to BU.
What was the main sell job?
Can you remember that?
Yeah, BU sold beers at the game for my dad and his friends.
BC didn't.
I meant, like, what BC proposed there that they could do more for you.
Was there one thing?
Oh, no, I don't even remember.
I was so young, so goofy, so just just potential that was never really lived up to um i i just remember like walking through the the
the cafeteria being like oh my god they have soft serve ice cream fuck that's unbelievable
um do you get so do you get do you get crippled and then just go home like the other guy so this
was when i so that's an official visit that's different this is how i was younger then this is like right when you can just go visit on
a summer day you just go in and see the facilities the official visit is when you go you stay with a
player you stay in the room with a player from the team you go to the game and then go out with
the boys after um i only did one of those because i was already committed to be you so then you go
do your official cripple.
That's what I was throwing up in Daisy Buchanan's.
And I had an Afro and they could only find me because they could see my Afro like through
above the stall.
That's when I that was the same night I saw J.R.
dancing up a storm when he's playing for the Coyotes.
I mentioned that in his interview.
So unfortunately, I kind of fucked up by committing so early.
You know, you only get one official visit, but you can do five.
So if you're going to wait, you can go get waffled at five different ones.
But you also have to miss games for your team at the time, you know, to go away.
So official visits are very fun.
I remember one of my buddies, he pissed off.
You know, when you're just crippled and you think like you're just in like you're sleepwalking you just start hosing everywhere you think you're at a urinal in your dream and
you're trying to force it and for and then finally yeah this kid just opened up the top
drawer like all the dudes t-shirts wasn't just hosing all in he's like oh what the fuck
how many guys you know that went on their five official visits like how many because i was
playing a national development program and everyone was kind of already committed so they'd go do their one ra would have been the
guy going on five visits ra would have got banned from like school campuses after one visit he would
have been a full ride athlete and then they're like you can't come back here ever again they
get you drunk and likely laid yeah fuck it why wouldn't you i mean fucking yeah. Send me to another city for the donut and get me drunk and probably laid.
I'll put it this way.
I did not get lucky, and it was not the same official visit Jesus
Shuttlesworth had with Rick Fox on He Got Game when he's got two
smoke show porn stars meeting him in a bedroom.
I think college basketball and football is a little different.
I wonder if there's any stories out there of like when there was no
camera phones or whatnot,
internet, it wasn't really a thing.
If any guys had sent their buddies on school visits,
because maybe they had never really seen the person in person.
I think the coaches would have known the guy, though.
I remember the next day.
So you have breakfast with the coach the next day,
and Jack Parker, this is a this is a this is a
powerful alpha male right like i'm so nervous and i was so fucked up and like you know at breakfast
he's like what do you want i had lucky charms dude i had like three bites of them and they
know what's up right because the coaches say like hey guys take care of them but it was just like
i was like i was holding in the puke for so long and it finally
felt like ra and mini but i was 18 genius minds uh all right moving right along here 16 year old
vunder kent conor badad became the youngest player in whl history to reach 50 goals
kid ended up putting up 100 points in 62 games this season. He had five in the season finale.
51 goals, 49 assists for him.
He had, let's see, 14 points after the first 16 games.
Ended up putting up 86 points over the last 46 games.
Whoever tanks for this kid, man,
it looks like you're going to be getting someone special.
Come on, Coyotes.
He had five points in the last game to get 100?
Yeah.
That's unreal.
Yeah, two goals and three assists. Yeah. That's unreal. Yeah.
Two goals and three assists.
Yeah, this kid's something else.
Shout out to the Carolina Hurricanes for officially partnering up
with the North Carolina Warriors Hockey Program,
like the Flyers do with the Philly Warriors.
Definitely great to see the Canes step up and help support these guys
because it's an awesome program.
We got very familiar with these guys back in Philly a few months back.
And, you know, we kind of shouted out some other teams
to maybe do what the Flyers have been doing.
So, you know, good on Carolina for doing that.
Hopefully we see a few more teams pair up with their local Warriors squads as well
because it's a great program that really helps these guys out.
So kudos to the Carolina Hurricanes.
Love those guys.
Congrats to Pat Foley.
He was the voice of the Chicago Blackhawks since 1980.
He called his last game Thursday night a 5-4 shootout win over the San Jose Sharks. Congrats to Pat Foley. He was the voice of the Chicago Blackhawks since 1980.
He called his last game Thursday night,
a 5-4 shootout win over the San Jose Sharks.
So congrats to Pat on a great career.
It was also the first time in NHL history that two black on-ice officials worked a game together.
Referee Jordan Samuels Thomas and linesman Shando Alfonso
worked the game, the same crew.
Samuels Thomas, it was his debut because when guys referee,
as we found out earlier, they don't work the playoffs.
They choose their last game and then they leave.
So they obviously bring in new guys to fill those voids.
So he made his debut.
It was the first time since 2004 that a black official was actually a ref
in the NHL.
Alfonso has been in the league for eight years.
So congrats to those two guys on making history.
Great to see.
I play with Jordan Samuel Thomas in Ontario.
Nice.
Yeah, great guy.
Oh, he got into ref after playing?
So right after playing, he got into media.
I think he was writing a little bit because he'd already been to university for it.
And I think that given maybe the shortages of official,
and he was a great player.
He played at a high level.
He hopped right into that and has obviously had quick success.
That's a good idea.
Hey, if you're a high-level junior, a college player right now,
and you don't think you have what it takes
and maybe don't want to give it a couple years in the minors,
get into reffing, and you got a good chance, dude.
Absolutely.
I was happy to hear that.
It's a tough fucking thing to do it
you need such a unique skill set you know to be able to be a good skater make these calls know
the game so again obviously a talented guy man i think he was writing for the athletic and then
and then boom right after went and got his course and i want to say he hasn't been a ref more than
two years so uh you know when you play at that high level you got a lot of advantages to get
there so congrats buddy uh some more congrats here congrats to uh cory chevry uh she'll be an assistant for
team canada at the men's under 18 world hockey championships in germany and she'll become the
first woman to coach one of canada's men's national teams she was an assistant at canada's
gold medal winning women's team and on the men's team at Ryerson University, a coach at the men's team at Ryerson University.
So congrats to Corey on, again, making some more history.
And we got obviously some very sad news to share.
I'm sure most of you folks heard earlier this week,
New York Islanders legend Mike Bossy,
who has the best goals per game average in NHL history with 0.76,
died Friday from lung cancer.
Number 22 for the Islanders won four straight cups as well as a call.
The trophy,
a con Smythe three lady banks was elected to the hockey hall of fame in
1991.
He had nine straight seasons with at least 50 goals,
averaged 57 goals per season,
never scored fewer than 38.
His 0.65 goals per playoff game.
Second only to Mario Lemieux in the modern era. And he had
17 playoff goals in 81, 82, and 83.
Nobody else had even three straight years of at least 13 goals in the playoffs.
Never mind 17. And not to mention this guy is a wonderful person.
Beloved by all his teammates, everybody who knew him. And once again,
Spittin' Chicklets wants to sincerely apologize
for the erroneous social media post from a couple weeks ago.
It was simply a case of bad intel.
We weren't trying to break any story.
We've got some bad information, and we're sorry.
We're heartfelt apologies for any grief we may have caused anybody.
It's obviously a shitty situation to have that,
so we're terribly sorry to anybody that was troubled by it.
And again, our deepest condolences to the family friends of Mike Bossy
as well as the entire Islanders family.
I know it's been a rough year for you.
And I was blown away by when I looked up Bossy's stats,
like he only played until he was 30 years old.
So with the bad back, you know, he wasn't able to do it.
But those numbers and not even getting to 32 or 33,
just what an incredible player.
And, you know, for him and Clark Gillies to be gone now, it's just been such a tough year for the Islanders family.
And like I said that perfectly, we apologize for that mistake.
And we're thinking of Mike Boss's family.
So God bless.
Well said, Whit.
All right.
Moving to the non-hockey portion of the program jordan spieth
overcame a three-stroke deficit as well as a blown gimme on saturday that turned a birdie into a bogey
and he beat patrick cantlay in a playoff to take home the rbc heritage sunday down in hilton head
south carolina he was 50 to one before the tournament started. I had a little taste on him. He was 50-1 before the tournament started.
No.
Yeah, yeah, because I was a winner.
You got him.
I had him, dude.
I tailed my buddy, dude.
He was 50-1 to win that tournament?
50-1 before the tournament, yep.
Wow, I guess he did miss the cut at the Masters,
and he said that missing the cut at the Masters
was the lowest he's ever felt as a golfer.
He said it was the worst feeling he's ever had had and i think with all the success he's had there
even though he's only won one it feels like he's won two or three and he went into wow i cannot
believe he would i actually took morikawa he was 17 to 1 which i thought was ridiculous um
but speed is like he's he is he's it's really hard not to root for him. And I know my late good friend, Mike Riley, God bless him.
He didn't like Spieth.
He didn't like how he was always talking and always chatting with his caddy
and kind of always complaining on bad shots and very animated.
Animated.
Very animated.
I kind of love it because you get inside the mind.
And I don't know if our buddies at 4Play have had him on,
but another golf podcast I listen to, No Laying Up, they've had Spieth on a couple times.
Fascinating listen, because he talks about he's had three different swing feels throughout his career.
He had one when he was younger, and he's gone back to it.
He's had another one at one section of his college career, early pro.
And you see now he's got this pre-shot kind of ritual where it looks bizarre.
He's bringing it and trying to bring the club over the top.
It's confusing golf speak, but he's definitely a wild thinker.
And he's now, I think, has 13 wins.
He's got three majors.
And to have the lowest moment of your golf career, followed by a Saturday missed one-foot pot,
that really could derail most golfers.
Like, just a total brain fart.
He's standing on one foot.
He's not getting ready and getting set and going to his routine.
He's trying to knock it in.
He misses it and then comes back, gets it to a playoff,
and gets in a beautiful up and down onto the bunker against Cantlay,
who had a plugged lie, which was unfortunate.
But Jordan Spieth, I love the guy.
Morikawa is my favorite pro golfer.
Spieth's probably number two. But amazing that he was 50-1.
Congrats, Ari.
That's a great hit.
Thanks, pal.
Yeah, like I said, I wasn't even my pick, a buddy of mine.
I tailed him, so I'm glad I did, man.
50-1, that's obviously a nice pop.
Let's see.
Oh, also, before we move along, did you see that clip I sent you guys
of Speed coming out before he knew it was going to be a playoff?
There was all these little kids there, And he's like, guys, wait here
because I promise I'll be back. I got to wait and see what happens. And of course, I went to a
playoff. He went, won the tournament. And two hours later, as a man of his word, he came back.
All those kids waited. He signed all their autographs, took their pictures. And I know
it's just good to see what, because, you know, it's a sport that probably has, you know, a bit
of a snobby reputation maybe at times. So to know one of the stars of the game come over and
met with all these little kids after he promised them
was a pretty cool clip, man. Check it out if you haven't
seen it. We're also getting
a big golf match June 1st.
Tom Brady and Aaron Rodgers
taking on Josh Allen
and Pat Mahomes at the Wynn Las Vegas.
How's that going to play? What style are they
playing there? The 2-1-2?
Not a big Rodgers fan.
I heard you make a little ugh at the end of his name there.
Yeah, yeah.
I mean, not the new one.
This show, I don't know.
I think we've gone over him before.
You know, big me, me, me guy.
He's won one Super Bowl.
Probably shouldn't even be on the same course with the guys, won seven.
But anyways, go ahead, Wade.
I think it'll be best ball.
It'll be like they've had these matches.
I think it's a TNT broadcast and they do 12 holes instead of 18.
And they play like, you know, if Brady gets a four and Rogers gets a five,
it would be Brady score versus whatever the best score between Allen and Mahomes is.
Mahomes, terrible voice.
Oh, he's Kermit the Frog.
I don't really look forward to listening to him talk on that.
But I do want to see Josh Allen, big Josh Allen fan.
And Mahomes is a sick athlete.
He's probably a good golfer, but I'll tune into that.
I'll tune in.
I always end up watching some of those.
They take forever.
They're like four or five hours.
Yeah, they're a long time.
So I'll definitely be in watching part of it.
Apparently, some other Tom Brady stuff.
Apparently, this story has been going around.
He was going to sign with Miami, maybe get a piece of the team,
and then bring in Sean Payton to coach.
That was the whole plan.
And then all of a sudden, the Brian Flores lawsuit against the NFL
about the sham hiring interviews happened,
and that kind of torpedoed everything.
But is this, you guys, is it true?
Do you think this is legit going to happen?
It seems to be like some truth to it.
I definitely think it's true.
I'm not going to say who I heard it from,
but this person 1,000 knows,
and that was exactly what was going to happen.
And once that Flores lawsuit went down,
you know, they just, everything went went haywire and they had to change.
And that's why Brady probably didn't originally retire.
He was just going to leave the box and figure out a way to become a Miami Dolphin.
And as a Pats fan and a Tom Brady fan, it's like, I'm very happy that didn't go down, RA.
Watching him play for the Bucs is one thing.
Watching him in the teal playing for the Dolphins would have been just such a gigantic kick in the nut sack so I'm happy that he's not there but that would have been
interesting now man uh Peyton's taking a year off he'll probably sign a huge ticket the year after
and coach whoever he wants yeah I don't think he gets along with Arians too well I mean he
he basically retired retired I was shocked to hear that so like they were I mean they were kind of
doing the the tummy stick social media exchange
where it had nothing to do with Brady, I guess, and more of, like, handing that over.
But do you think that was just a big PR move?
And what were they butting heads about?
Was it about the AB situation?
No, I think Brady, from what I've, like, seen and read, is as much as he didn't miss, like,
the Belichick kind of being, I guess, a hard ass in a way,
I think he did miss Belichick's work ethic.
And I think Arians was kind of in late, out early, from what I've heard or read.
And Brady really didn't think that his work ethic matched up to his.
And probably was like, I don't know about this guy.
Now, maybe that's completely unfair.
He's not sleeping in a cot at the field, so he's got to go.
Not the father who doesn't see his kids that coaches in the NFL.
Just from reading Jerry Thornton, Patriots guy, Apostle Biz,
it sounds like also to like basically like Brady kind of shifted
the offense to the style he knew, you know,
the whatever the style it's called.
I don't know whatever the fucking name of it is, but,
but Bruce Arians was trying to act like it was all his doing.
Like he basically was like trying to take credit for it.
I guess these two, I had a lot of pissing matches behind the scene.
So, you know, you get involved with egos and two and all that shit.
But I, I, I also find it fascinating and highly likely that they would have
given, given him a piece of the team.
And I I'm curious that if this kind of changes things moving forward
to where maybe if you get another Patrick Mahomes,
and people would also argue maybe in the big moments right now,
he's not coming through as if Brady was.
But if you do get another quarterback that does have the same start
that Brady did, wherever chance he's getting,
he is winning a championship,
where the deal that he ends up signing would be
for part ownership
of the team now like that you kind of i think you kind of saw it with the way that the cap went up
with with russell wilson breaking a barrier in that regard but it kind of just i mean given the
fact that there probably is some truth to this i think it's going to change things moving forward
possibly now uh who's the scumbag who ran the nhlpa they went to jail already
alan eagleston alan without alan eagle if it wasn't for alan eagleston bobby or be a part
owner of the boston bruins he was offered a stake of the bruins and eagleston didn't even
fucking tell him that's how he ended a chicago blackhawk so that's happened before i wonder if
it's technically like legal in the in the nhl with
the salary cap could you even do that because like yeah what if you're like hey mcdavid we're
gonna give you six million a year but you're gonna get three percent of this team like i don't even
know if that would be allowed but that's a great question biz yeah that's that is i didn't want to
go there because i'm fucking boston still scott by that fucking scumbag eagleson but yeah that's
an interesting point.
Like, how would that go cap-wise,
and would that be even legal in these days?
Well, I mean, I guess we can't spoil the interview coming up.
We got Gretzky next week, guys.
We haven't mentioned that either,
so pretty good back-to-back with Tocant and Gretzky,
but we'll get into the whole ownership of teams
and stuff like that with him.
And we got, all got, boys, one more
thing before we wrap up. We got a little
trivia battle coming up. We're going to be appearing on
the Dozen Trivia once again. We'll be
tweeting it out from... Biz and I suck at
this game. R.A., sometimes you're good.
Sometimes you kind of suck. So I think
we're huge under... R.A.
Sometimes, eh, I think...
R.A. First off, I was going to say you guys
actually impressed me a couple of these games where I didn't think he was going to be that good.
So, OK.
But now we're not getting a compliment because of it.
I know he takes it back.
I think.
All right.
You've had some great games, but a couple of times you were struggling.
But you have been.
You have been solid sometimes.
I'm sorry.
I didn't mean to bring you down before that.
We talked about being a good teammate earlier on the golf course.
And see what I'm seeing.
But no, I guess the true colors really do come out.
The first game me and Biz did, I was on vacation, waffled up in Vermont.
And fucking you know, we went on a heater, though.
We ended up smoking Brandon Walker, who I believe we're playing.
But anyways, listen, boys.
Gear grinding.
What grinded my gears lady this isn't anything
unusual i don't drive too often i live in the city i work from home i don't even own a car anymore
but i do drive on occasion and fucking it's so bad in the last like 10 20 years dude nobody puts
their fucking blinkers on anymore dude it drives me fucking so crazy like it's like it's dangerous
fuck first off when someone just
turns out of the pool the reason you do it is that safety also to give people a heads up keep
the flow of traffic the worst is when people get to that turn and then they fucking put their blinker
on as they're turning drives me fucking bananas or when you just drift into another lane i actually
love punching my horn or just put pressing the leaning on it You're a horn guy?
That grinds my gears
How are you not a horn guy if you live in Boston?
We got a double grind my gears segment
Dude, you need to rely on your horn driving in the city
Especially nowadays, man
I am on team wit in a sense of
If you're a horn layer
Especially in NYC I it's just like I get like, oh,
you know, I get all tense stuff.
Like if somebody's coming into your lane, yeah, horn.
But if the people who the light turns green
and in two seconds they lay on the horn to go,
like that person is a scumbag.
Do you do that, R.A.?
You know what?
I used to not, but but now that everybody if you're
in a line say a car line with five even five ten cars you can guarantee that at least one
fucking moron in one of those cars is on his fucking phone so i used to not now i give it a
one two three and if no one moves get off your fucking phone the light's green let's go all right
he's got a stopwatch at the as soon as it turns
fuck he just yeah he could pre-program the stopwatch that when it goes off it actually
makes the horn in his cargo off so he doesn't have to waste energy of punching the steering wheel
without fucking feel dude but but the blink into it drives it's drives me fucking bananas dude
because again it's not it's not a voluntary thing it's like it takes two seconds it's like just
fucking do it man so if somebody in front of you, no blinker turn, they get a horn on them.
Oh, God.
They fucking at least a good six, seven seconds.
I'm like a quarter mile away.
I would fuck you.
You hold the horn down for that long?
So they know it's for them.
So they fucking know.
There's no doubt what it's about.
By the way, this is a guy who's afraid of getting stabbed by someone who throws a hot dog on the ice.
What do you think is going to happen if you hold the horn down for seven seconds?
Exactly.
I'm in a car, dude.
I'm fucking going to like chasing me.
I fucking just drive to a police station, get out of the car, come get me now, bitch.
Six or seven seconds.
I wouldn't honk.
The guy could be crushing my old lady on the fucking sidewalk.
Right, right.
No, the crosswalk.
And I wouldn't honk that long.
You're only going three seconds.
I'm going three.
Just how long I last.
And the other thing, too, is when you're on the highway and people in the fucking left lane.
If you're in the left lane, you better be the pace guy.
Like, don't be in the fucking left lane on Route 93 going fucking 55 miles an hour.
65. You start to speed limit. No, you're the fucking left lane on Route 93 going fucking 55 miles an hour, 65.
You start to speed limit.
No, you're the fucking pace car.
That's the pass lane.
All right.
Fucking someone's in your rearview mirror.
Like, and you can see their tonsils.
Get the fuck out of the way and get in the middle lane.
That's for the fucking slope.
All right.
We're going to get you in touch with my breathing guy before you go for these drives.
Okay, buddy.
We don't need you taking a fucking shank to the neck.
So that's what grinds my gears this week, boys.
Any final notes before we go kick some ass?
Great grind my gears.
Bound of applause.
I'm going to not use a blinker for the next three days.
It's not generic.
I can hopefully see you on the street.
That is not generic.
We found out you honked the horn for six to seven seconds, probably
50 times every time you
get in the car.
All right, boys.
We got some other special news for you
next week with the Gretzky episode as well.
So, folks, as always,
we love you all. Thank you so much for
listening. I saw a couple people in
Naples that recognize
me that are big listeners of the
show. It's just it's so nice to meet people that like this show. It is the best feeling in the
world when you meet somebody who listens to us for it. It's kind of yuck it up and talk nonsense.
So love you all. And we'll talk to you next week. And the last thing here, the bottle signing in
Atlanta, I'm pulling up the address right now. It is on the 23rd, April 23rd, starting at 5 p.m. local time.
So that's Eastern time.
Buckhead location.
It's 2161 Piedmont Road in Atlanta, Georgia.
Is that right?
Piedmont?
Piedmont.
Piedmont.
That's right.
Piedmont.
2161 Piedmont Road iniedmont. Piedmont. Fuck. That's right. Piedmont. 2161 Piedmont Road
in Buckhead location, Atlanta, Georgia.
Thank you very much. That's all I got. Pink Whitney.
We'll see you there. Peace.
As always, we like to thank our terrific
sponsors here on Spit and Chick. It's so huge.
Thanks to our friends over at Pink Whitney and New Amsterdam Vodka.
Big thanks to our friends over at G4.
Check them out for all your course needs.
Big thanks to everybody over at Game Time looking for those last-minute tickets.
Check them out.
Big thanks to everybody over at Revitalite.
Going to be having a few pops.
Check out Revitalite.
Huge thanks to everybody at TaylorMade.
Check them out as well. And big
thanks to everybody at Cross Country Mortgage for all your financing or refinancing needs.
Have a great week, everyone.
