Hey, Spittin' Chicklets listeners, you can find every episode on Apple Podcasts,
Spotify, or YouTube. Prime members can listen ad-free on Amazon Music.
Hello everybody, welcome to episode 383 of Spittin' Chicklets, presented by Pink Whitney.
For my friends at New Amsterdam Barca here in the Barstool Sports Podcast family.
It's officially crunch time, just a few more days left in the season before the playoffs start.
We have perhaps the craziest game of the night, Sunday night.
An Anaheim legend hangs up the skates for the last time. We might have a new most hated team in the NHL and the hockey world lost the giant. But first, I'm going to check
in with the fellas, see what's shaking. Mikey Grinelli, our producer. What's the word, brother?
You know, I lost my anal virginity to a bike seat
this weekend. I got hit by a car, but
I completed the tour day manhattan about 25 miles
so the vibes are extremely high for me right now i'm on top of the world give everybody the
backstory so you know what do you mean you got hit by a car i got hit by a car i had nothing to do
with the uh i was gonna say the backstory of the bet before we get to him getting struck by a moving
vehicle so you ended up having a bet with Rudy. And then
it was originally a little bit confusing in the sense of you thought you were going to be able to
go on an electric bicycle around Manhattan. Yeah. So I was going to, I I've never taken a city bike
before. So first off the bet was that the loser of Denver and Michigan, I took Michigan. He took Denver, had to ride a city bike around the entire
island of Manhattan. A city bike is not an easy bike to ride. I thought they have these e-bikes.
I've never rid one before. I thought the e-bikes had like a throttle and like you just go,
but it's pedal assist. So unfortunately for me, the pedal assist died, I'd say 90 seconds in.
Oh, nice.
So it wasn't a fun ride, but I did it.
I completed it.
And me and Rudy made a second bet off of it, where he now has to spend 10 hours in the MoMA.
And he has to write a handwritten book report, a thousand words on his experience of the MoMA.
What's the MoMA?
The Museum of Modern Art in New York City.
And the MoMA, the Museum of Modern Art in New York City.
And he has to do that because I completed it in under three minutes and three hours and 15 minutes.
Incredible. That's pretty impressive.
And you got struck by a vehicle and finished it.
I got struck by a vehicle, which was actually the craziest thing ever, because there was a police officer right there. And I'm like, thank God there was a cop there.
He just saw the whole thing.
He's going to take my side. And this cop just starts berating me, just giving it to me. He's like,
you were on the wrong side of the road. What the fuck do you think you're doing?
Like, that is all your fault. Like, you are an idiot. And I'm like, dude, I like first I bark
back. So I'm like, there was a detour. I had to drive on this side of the road. The whole east
side river is closed down. And then the guy who hit me gets out of his car and says to the police officer, he's like, officer, relax. That was my fault. I hit the kid. He had to go. He had the crosswalk go. And then the officer was like, all right, I'm sorry. Go ahead. Go on. Have a good day. I got it all on video too it's awesome in fairness if i'm a police officer and i'm working a detail and i see some idiot in a full hockey uniform driving on a bike i'm
blaming him a hundred out of a hundred times for whatever reason just want to yell at him
yeah he probably was hoping something like bad happened to you but i don't understand how you
got hit by a car and then nothing like barely moving.
Yeah.
The Joe.
So what,
so what happened was I was coming down first of,
and he went to take a left down.
I think it was 51st and he thought I had the crosswalk go and he thought
he could beat me.
And he just tried to beat me and I tried to beat him and I had the right
away and he,
he smoked me. This sounds and I tried to beat him. And I had the right away and he smoked me.
This sounds like a collab of grind my gears with the bike lanes and all the driving.
A lot of horns and everything.
Right, R.A.?
Oh, yeah.
I gave some fucking horns over the week, too, baby.
So it's a lot of six to seven second horns.
Oh, yeah.
Grinnelli, you know, we have a special guest today.
Wayne Gretzky.
I think everyone knows who's listening.
Luckily, you weren't wearing his old jofa because you're immediately dead
if you hit your head with the wearing the helmet that he had on.
Yeah, I picked a great, great day to be full hockey equipment.
Great day.
I told the cop to relax.
That's a risky thing to a cop to relax.
So you described another bet.
So what do you have to do as the next consequence
and what is the next bet so so the bet was if i completed the trip i think it was about 25 miles
in under three hours and 15 minutes that re would have to spend 10 hours in the moma and write a
handwritten a thousand word book report yeah why would he do that to himself not sure is it a popular
thing that people call it the moma or YouTube being complete douchebags?
No, it's called the MoMA.
I didn't even know it was called the Museum of Modern Art.
We'll find out online tomorrow.
No, I get you, G.
People call it the MoMA.
I've actually wanted to visit.
I've never been down there.
Oh, it's fantastic.
Rudy probably loves it.
That's something he probably likes to do, so he makes it look like he don't want to.
He's already got it written.
Yeah.
Did he set up like three different dates like like in intervals at the moment that day.
He's like one of our former guests getting papers written for him for crushing women off Facebook marketplace.
I didn't unname college.
Paul, are you nasty?
Oh, my goodness.
You had a little trip to Atlanta once again, right?
You had a little little ball hopping, little ball visit. Oh, no, no. We did. We had a little trip to Atlanta once again, right? You had a little, little bow hopping, little Bob visit.
Oh no, no.
We did.
We did a bottle signing.
Oh, okay.
Pink Whitney bottle signing at tower, tower, beer, wine, and spirits.
And it was great.
We had about a hundred to 150 people show up.
We gave away a pink Whitney Zamboni, uh, Derek Nesbitt, who just recently played in his thousand
pro game joined us.
Uh, it was great seeing the fans.
Got to go out and eat with Derek after.
It was our final  the next day on Sunday,
it was our final regular season broadcast of the year with TNT.
Great first year.
We're starting to get our chemistry.
We're starting to really figure everything out,
and we're pumped to get into playoffs.
Finally, no more of these regular season games.
We're going to be getting the real deal game soon here and it was also a bit of a wild
sunday for me as i went for a workout in the morning and uh i don't get too starstruck for
the most part so uh i'm on the far left elevator and as soon as i the elevator's door open i see
this guy he's kind of half standing in the doorway,
and he's got this blue-black flannel over jacket on.
And as I start walking out of the elevator,
I notice that Jimmy Butler is right there.
And Jimmy Butler, pretty famous guy.
I knew him as soon as I saw him, big, tall guy.
The heater in town playing Atlanta in the NBA first-round playoffs.
So there was other guys too but jimmy butler was the first guy that i noticed so as i started walking around and and i
could just see the look on jimmy butler's face too that he was like extremely engaged into the
conversation and what was going on so the point is as i rounded and got past the guy with the blue
and black flannel jacket on i started
peering around and sure as shit fucking denzel washington is in the lobby four seasons hotel
holding court with all the heat guys who are coming out of their meal room who are going right
to the elevator and you could and they were all coming out in droves like as i was like walking
out it just so happened to be perfect timing but right
away like all of them are stopping them and dabbing them up i was more shell shocked so i kind of
stopped at a little bit of a distance but you could tell they you know he was involved in
conversation with butler to a certain degree where he ended up saying uh he was there because his aunt
who had her uh who was 100 years old had passed away, unfortunately, but in, in Denzel
fashion, he kind of, as he held court, he explained, he said, you know what, boys, you know,
I always said, how, you know, how do you make it so long? And, and she said, you know what,
one day at a time, I wake up, I take a deep breath. I put both of my feet on the ground.
I closed my eyes. I listened for birds. And then I take another deep breath and then i get on to enjoy my day and
it sounds like you nowadays oh maybe it was me in the weight room uh no but it was such a it was
such a denzel moment and everybody around him was just so captivated by every word that was coming
out of his mouth and and then as more and more people kind of started flooding towards the
elevators of course word was spreading that he was around there. So a little bit shorter than I
expected, but I don't, I would probably say definitely top 10 famous people that I would
have wanted to. And I, when I say meet at least seen, I never got a chance to go over and shake
his hand, but still an unreal experience hearing him hold court for a little bit.
I think I listened for about three, four minutes
and then ended up going to the weight room.
So very cool.
I mean, when I say I'm a huge fan of Denzel Washington,
I went and saw Man on Fire in theater three times.
I went and saw all of his movies in the movie theaters,
as I'm sure you guys did.
And I'd say he's probably probably top five actors for
me all time. So it was a very
cool Sunday. And then on top of that, the
NBA playoffs is going on, as I mentioned.
So we go into the studio and then Shaq
and Barkley are in there. They
come in, they're dabbing me up. I'm the worst
dabber in the world, by the way. I think these guys
got secondhand embarrassment by the
by the clammy handshake I gave them. But
all in all all just a star
studded day for me just being uh on cloud nine and on top of that i get to drop that story and
then we have the goat on the podcast so it's going to be a great pod we're pumped up we got some
drama to talk about ra as you mentioned so uh that's all i got with i don't know what you got
up to this weekend i know you weren't dabbing it up with celebrities though.
No, I would have thought when you said Jimmy Butler looked very engaged in the
conversation that it was Eric Spolstra,
but then I remembered he tried fighting them in the middle of the game at the,
at the sideline there.
So I knew it wasn't going to be him considering that he has no respect for his
head coach. The NBA playoffs, I actually am into it.
Believe it or not, I'm watching this Celts team.
I don't know anything.
This team seems, for knowing nothing about basketball, they seem to be just gelling perfectly.
They seem to be a true team.
Whereas the Brooklyn Nets, with some of the biggest idiots in pro sports on their team
are the complete opposite it's really cool you saw Denzel no I was not um dabbing it up
you dabbing it up with Denzel I picture like Tiger and his caddy like fucking up every like high five
they ever attempted when they were together I did not get a chance to shake Denzel's hand I just
stood back from a distance I didn't want to ruin the conversation. I think that would have been a bad move. And on top of that, actually, as he was talking,
um, is it Kenny Smith? No. Is he the third guy on the panel? He ended up walking over and then
he kind of, he was kind of brushed me off. He's like, who the fuck is this loser? And then he
went out and dabbed him. So I was like, okay, I feel like kind of a peasant, but whatever.
And then I went over after I said, Hey, I do the NHL and TNT. He's like, oh, yeah, yeah, cool.
Yeah, so you do, bud.
Yeah, yeah.
But I didn't mean to interrupt you there, but what were you saying?
I wasn't really saying anything.
I didn't do much.
I went over to Nantucket, the island of Nantucket.
They have this thing.
It's called the Daffodil Festival.
So it's like the unofficial beginning of summer or maybe beginning of spring in Nantucket where it's kind of cool.
The main street there, it's cobblestone.
There was probably, you know, 70 to 100 antique, like old school antique cars just all covered in daffodil flowers.
And then they drive down to a beach and do like a picnic, like a very Nantucket thing to do.
Now, everyone had yellow on, including my kids and my wife
and everyone there, and I didn't.
I'm not going to be, you know, there was a bunch of guys
in yellow suits and green pants and yellow jackets.
I'm not getting that in depth, but I can't lie and say
that these flowers didn't put me in a hell of a mood.
You know, the smell of daffodils, I can't really describe the smell,
but it really did feel like summer over there.
So it was pretty relaxing weekend.
One of those things where you just get away from your house for a little change of pace with the family.
I'm sure everyone with kids knows what I'm talking about.
Just to do the same thing somewhere else can kind of change up the whole vibe within the kids and their energy.
We had a blast.
Other than that, I got nothing.
I'm just like waiting for the playoffs.
I'm kind of living vicariously through you seeing Denzel Washington
and not even talking to him.
You'll talk to anyone.
You couldn't even muscle your way into talking to Denzel.
The NBA on TNT, though, had one of the funnier moments of this season
when Shaquille O'Neal was talking about banging guys for boards.
Did you see that clip?
No.
Barkley was talking about
like he's he's talking about getting rebounds i believe he's like yeah when you're banging a guy
and all of a sudden like shack kind of starts laughing and then barkley realized he's laughing
he's like come on man and then they just really lose it it's it's so funny that's show i actually
did see that oh dude the way shack is like kind of like just starts laughing when he said when
you're banging a guy and then charlie's just barking he's like come on man well then he well then he gave
that gas tank breakdown which still put my mind in a pretzel I still haven't figured it out when
you put 20 bucks in you get half a tank but it's an 80 tank and then it ended up going on for like
three four minutes where nobody was really understanding what Shaq was saying that's
that clip is hilarious, Biz.
Like he's trying to put people's minds in a pretzel.
And it's like, everyone's like, are you fucking crazy?
It lasted the whole four minute segment, R.A.
Yeah. And it still made no sense.
Like he thought it made sense in his head.
It didn't at all.
But, but I'm glad you're watching the Celts, man.
They are looking unreal right now.
And as far as the Nets, yeah, they got, you know, Kyrie, who's a head case.
KD, one of the best ever.
But, dude, Steve Nash never coached anyone before.
Never coached at all.
He was a GM of a soccer team, and they brought him in.
And you see why you might want to coach with experience, man.
He's running these guys.
He's leaving out there for 46 minutes.
They're exhausted.
They're not playing well.
It's like the Celtics are running them through the fucking gym,
and I love it, man.
It's awesome.
Hopefully they sweep tonight.
So Steve Nash is not doing a great job
job like were they talking about that on the
broadcast I
saw a clip of Kyrie saying
earlier in the year I didn't know Durant had a
podcast apparently he's on it and he's
like we don't even need a coach
Durant can coach I can coach like they're
just idiots they're just absolute
egomaniac lunatics
and this Benmons this other clown
did you see his outfit on the bench yeah you think you'd want to fly a little bit more under the
radar oh my god i'd be trying to wear like black and gray just to fit in with the guys and he's
got like a seat night he had like startski and hutch glasses on and it was i'm like what is this
guy doing it's it's crazy to think that these guys
not even just him all these players who are i guess not healthy scratches but they're not playing
and they're but they sit on the bench and they don't have to wear like just throw on a team
a team jumpsuit or a suit they look like complete clowns sitting there oh the other best moment of
the week was i think i think in the NBA was in Minnesota.
I love this is an NBA podcast right now.
Sick League.
These people are trying to like super glue themselves to the court.
Have you seen these like activists?
And the one girl dressed up like a ref.
She tried jumping on and like the security guard.
Unbelievable job.
He's had his eyes on like on the horizon the whole time.
Boom, grabbed her and tackled her. Because who knows what those people are going to do? unbelievable job he's had his eyes on like on the horizon the whole time boom grabbed there
and tackled her because who knows what those people are going to do so wild wild chain of
events for these activists what have they been protesting what's been the main thing honestly i
think like oat milk or some shit like i know i think the owner of the timberwolves i think he
owns like a chicken farm or something and you know they obviously mass produce chickens and
kill them for food and whatever the method they do that that's what they keep protesting so three times they've done
it but the last one was great man that security guy breakaway speed tackled her and she had the
fake shirt yeah people are fucking wackos man just just let us watch the fucking game well one one
lady what glued her hand to the court that was the one of the incidences the first one yeah
and somebody also in soccer they put one of those zip ties around their
neck around the goal post.
They should just have to be there the
whole game.
Take a ball on the
goal post? Yeah.
That would actually be awesome. Okay, your
punishment now is these guys are going to kick a soccer ball
75 miles an hour and you can't move
because you've ziplocked your neck to the post.
And then after the game, we'll have every fan come by and give you a slap Soccer ball, 75 miles an hour, and you can't move because you've ziplocked your neck to the post.
And then after the game, we'll have every fan come by and give you a slap on the face.
All 75,000.
What's the five biggest thing to the face?
Slap.
Boom.
I played the fifth.
All right.
What did you get up to this weekend?
You had to get up to something other than maybe watching hockey?
Yeah.
Very quiet weekend again, man.
I watched a lot of hockey, watched some hoops.
Just took it easy. I think I had one beer all weekend just relaxed you know where it did some
work and yeah i had just a quiet weekend man didn't didn't get at it just kind of resting up
we get the playoffs coming we're going to be doing the live streams i need to have my energy level
at peak performance when we get to new york so i'm trying to save myself yeah i haven't i haven't
raised it i love how on the off weekends he has one beer, but then when we're doing the live streams, he has 35.
I feel like it should be the opposite.
He's just got to recharge.
He's trying to keep the sponsors happy, boys.
Three-week recharge for R.A. the Tesla.
What do you got, Grinnelly?
I was going to say, R.A., it's good that you're saving your energy
because we are going to two episodes a week
for the first couple weeks of playoffs,
the week of May 9th, week of May 16th, and the week of May 23rd.
We will be putting out two episodes this week.
Oh, my.
All the people who tweet, why are you doing two pods a week?
Listen, we need our own lives.
Okay?
Witt's got kids.
R.A.'s got to recharge the battery.
I got daffodil festivals.
None that I know of.
But we are moving.
Listen, I'm on board with this.
Everyone's, why don't you do two episodes a week? Because I don't want to. I'm are moving. Listen, I'm on board with this.
Everyone's, why don't you do two episodes a week?
Because I don't want to.
I'm not a two-episode-a-week guy.
We talk about hockey pretty much.
There's not that much going on.
But when it comes to playoffs and the first three weeks of playoffs,
we can't, last year we kind of learned, we can't cover everything in one week, right?
I'm sorry, one episode a week once the playoff begins.
So we're going to be recording Sunday nights and Wednesday nights,
and we'll be dropping to you on Mondays and Thursdays
for the first three weeks of playoffs.
So you get six episodes instead of three in those three weeks,
and it'll be pretty cool because we'll be able to really dive in depth
with all these games.
I don't know if every episode will have an interview.
One a week definitely will.
But we're going to at least be able to really dive into like what's
happened in those three days as opposed to wrapping up everything that's happened in the week when
playoff stories are just never ending it seems you know where it's gonna be one of those things
after the first two nights of playoffs there's gonna be five major things we got to talk about
so i'm super fired up for the playoffs and i'm super excited to actually do two a week when we
have this much stuff going on.
So I hope the fans enjoy that. I think it's a nice little step by us.
Hey, and I was going to bring up with that next weekend you're going on the trash bucket.
Southern Swing. Yeah. Team Trash. I'm a member of Team Trash with Fairway Falls.
Check them on on Instagram. We're looking for a three-peat. So we're going down to the Pinehurst area.
We're actually not playing Pinehurst.
All the courses are booked.
But we're playing mid-Pines twice.
We're playing Pine Needles twice.
And we're playing Southern Pines once.
All beautiful courses.
I haven't played Southern Pines.
But it's one of those things where there's 45 total points available.
There's five rounds.
Each match is worth three points.
Point for the front.
Point for the back.
Point for the overall. And if we three-peat, we rounds. Each match is worth three points. Point for the front point for the back point for the overall.
And if we three peak, we have some things in store for the celebration.
So Team Trash is just looking to continue to roll.
And Fairway Falls on the Instagram, he can rattle the other team.
The Trinity, they all went to Trinity.
They're complete geeks.
So they all went there and they all team up together.
And then the one year they won two years in a row.
Years back, they're singing their Trinity fight song is just the most pathetic moment I've ever seen at a golf course.
So we'll hope to make sure that doesn't happen again.
We'll also play in some beautiful golf courses.
And I looked at the weather.
It's like 72 and sunny the three days we're playing.
So I leave Thursday morning.
I'm back Sunday evening and I'm fired up and slam back a few P dubs on the golf course.
Oh, God.
Yeah, I got a bunch of the nips.
Neddy Haven, former guest of ours,
he's got all these plans for the Pink Whitney
mixed with the High Noon.
It's just a phenomenal drink.
Wasn't that where Riggs stayed for like six months
during the early part of the pandemic?
Yeah, he was at...
So we're staying at Pine Needles.
It's the Pinehurst area,
but we're not going to be at Pinehurst at all.
But yeah, that's where he stayed.
All righty.
Gee, we got some other news too.
Chicklets Cup registration. Let the
people know. Yes, again, Chicklets
Cup registration is live at noon
on Wednesday of this week, and
you can register at chickletscup.com. Ball
hockey, roller hockey. We've actually
added players to the team, so you're
going to be able to add a few more guys to your team
this year. But just chickletscup.com.
All information can be found there.
We have a frequently asked questions page there as well.
So you can also email chickletscup at barstoolsports.com.
Can we say that we're adding the court?
Yes.
Roller will be played on.
You don't need it for street.
You got a muck fest going on.
But the roller hockey, it does mess up with the roller puck.
If you don't have proper sport court.
Now, is that the name of it that's used for the for the roller hockey?
Is that the proper terminology, Grinelli?
Yes, it will be sport court.
And I actually believe we will be playing four on four this time in full size arenas.
So it's going to be a little bit different.
It's actually a really cool setup.
There's going to be a balcony.
You're going to be able to watch the games.
There's going to be bars.
We have golf simulators lined up. We have so many cool things planned for this chicklets cup i can't wait
wow golf so you could maybe do like a mini one hole two hole sandbagger against wit
for a pink whitney shot teal um and uh you know not to i'm not sucking up either just because
we're heading to buffalo and i'm excited because that's not far from my hometown but i tell you what this buffalo sabers team right now holy shit are they on a bit
of a run towards the end of the season so sticks taps to you guys i know we've been in a bit of a
riff i'm gonna slow it down because in fact like i've never been embarrassed so much online in my
life i got uh wait have you seen some of these memes people are sending at me like yeah the one
where i'm at i just see i just see you cowering to the city of Buffalo right now,
and I just love it.
No, I'm not cowering.
I'm just saying no mas, no mas, Buffalo, no mas,
waving the white flag.
The Arizona Coyotes constantly have to wave to not get the score run up on them.
I'm calling a spade a spade.
I just think it's getting a little aggressive
when I'm seeing memes or memes of me at the TNT desk,
but instead of the Red Bull can,
it's a pocket pussy with Jack Eichel's cum coming out of it
with Eichel written on the can.
I think that's a little bit inappropriate
from you Buffalo Sabres fans,
and now some of you Buffalo Bills fans.
So why don't we maybe try to call some sort of truce?
Keep it classy.
But I'm still coming into Buffalo to win that ball hockey tournament.
I'm going to come in there with some security just in case some of you people take it a little too far.
Just like the guy or people.
It might not even be just one person.
Just like the people posting these ridiculous memes of me memes
do you think there's a guy in buffalo right now who's like the dude in billy madison just crossing
your name off a list because you just apologized the way billy called him and said sorry for
bullying you in high school well so uh my uh yes i would short answer yes. Jeff, my business partner, got a very vulgar email from one of them, found his email somehow and sent a vulgar email towards him with a nice little caption there.
But I would definitely say that one of the thousands of Buffalo Bills and Sabres fans, after maybe I brought it a little bit overboard have reciprocated with that energy. So like I said, let's keep it classy moving forward here.
I'm not going to say I'm going to take a shit on Chippewa Street anymore.
And in fact, I'm going to go even one further
and congratulate you guys on all your success
after the Jack Eichel trade
because you've been one of the hottest teams in the league.
And I'm sure you're very proud of that group of guys.
And on top of that, you get Owen Power.
We talked about him last week. He comes comes in he scores his first NHL goal things are on the up and up for Buffalo and there's no one happier than me for that and I'm sorry that I had to be
the bad guy and awaken the fan base at some point Grinnelly. Biz I think that you should let Pinto
Ron douse you in ketchup and mustard at the Chiclets Cup for he's the guy at every Buffalo Bills game that just gets doused in ketchup, mustard, relish, all that.
I think you should let him do that to you at the Chiclets Cup, just because you've said some pretty fucked up stuff to the people of Buffalo.
They didn't deserve any.
I don't think I don't know.
I don't think that would do it.
Now, if this guy, whoever you're saying, this Pinto guy can't do it, maybe I'll give R.A. the honors.
He can get back at me for all the chirps i've thrown out of the pot over the years but i think that the only way i'd be willing to
give that up considering i have so many live bets going on right now like i have to shave my head if
calgary does not advance farther than edmonton let's say if i know just the top just the tops
you get to keep the sides let's say if i don't win a division at chicklets cup and some of you
Buffalo kids are want to sign up and take a swing at the title,
feel free to come by.
And if I don't win,
I'll allow the,
either this guy or RA,
or maybe even the team that beats us to douse me with ketchup and
mustard,
much like they're doing with Bill's mafia every week at a,
at Buffalo bills games.
I would rather play in the Quebec senior league next year and have to fight George LaRock and Peter Worrell every game
that gets dusted in ketchup and mustard by Pinto Ron.
Really?
That sounds so disgusting.
I don't even like mustard.
Degrading?
I like honey mustard.
Does it sound degrading to you?
It just sounds gross.
Just washing off and tasting it just sounds so disgusting to me.
Better than mayonnaise. Oh, I was going to say mayo is fucking vile. Mayo is disgusting. like just like just washing off and tasting it just sounds so disgusting to me oh i was just
saying mayo fucking vile uh mayo is disgusting yeah you're thinking of that uh one of you guys
just mentioned the sandbagger we didn't even say that we dropped the last one wednesday you guys
want to get into the sandbagger for a bit or what yeah a hilarious um kind of event for us joe
watson is one of the best guys ever i think who anyone who's watching they're now looking forward
to when we interview Joe.
Joe has told us he wants to do it in person,
so we're going to make that happen. I don't really know when.
He was hoping we could end
up in, I think,
Vancouver this summer, which I don't think I'm going
to be able to make for his event. Smithers.
Smithers. For one of his
events. But just a hilarious
guy. And then Fridge is so funny on camera.
He was getting super frustrated with you and I
shit-talking him, Biz. And we had a big
lead, I think, on the seventh hole. You said
this is going to be the easiest sandbagger win of
all time. We won one up on 18.
We got clawed
and I three-putted from
I think four feet on 16
to keep the match going. Then we lost 17.
So it's a great sandbagger. Check it out.
I really enjoyed doing that one because of how funny Joe Watson was and how ridiculous Fridge can act. Then we lost 17. So it's a great sandbagger. Check it out. I really enjoyed doing that one
because of how funny Joe Watson was
and how ridiculous Fridge can act.
So we want to thank them once again.
And please, if you haven't checked it out,
go to our YouTube,
subscribe to the YouTube channel,
and then watch the video and leave a comment.
Let us know what we could do
to improve maybe the next sandbagger.
We got to get a few of those filmed
probably in June and July to get some more of those filmed probably in june uh in july
to get some more in the bank to then drop them later on we ended up having to cut it for for
whatever reason we don't need to get into details but i'm pretty sure that joe watson sent that guy
over on hole three to hit me with that big bowl that i ended up smoking i was that might have been
my worst sandbagger i was not a very good teammate but but considering I carried the last two, let's just call it a wash wit.
And we're, we've won three in a row.
We have won three in a row.
We are a wagon right now.
I think we lost four in a row.
Was it three or four?
And by the way, I think we lost two in a row.
I don't remember exactly.
People are like, oh, those guys aren't good at golf.
It's like, sorry, dude.
It was entertaining.
It was funny.
They're good people.
Sorry. We don't have a bunch of sticks to play against every time.
I mean, I don't understand how people actually don't enjoy seeing bad golf once in a while.
That's how 95 of people who play golf play anyways.
So it doesn't really matter how good the golfer is or was or whatever if we're getting some decent content and funny moments out of it.
So shut the fuck up.
And if Todd Fedoruk wasn't putting with a wood canoe,
I think he would have been a good golfer.
He made me look like Ben Crenshaw putting.
He couldn't putt for shit.
I don't know who that is, but I'm assuming it's a very good putter.
Gentle Ben, he won the Masters twice.
Many people consider him one of the greatest putters of all time.
Old school guy.
Very old school guy.
All right, we'll get to the hockey in one sec,
but the best playoffs in sports are less than a week away.
Spring weather is here, and all those fun, warm weather events
are going to be flooding in soon.
So you're going to want to make sure you're stocked up
on the old Pink Whitney because this is the fun season,
and you don't want to be caught empty-handed.
If you're a pub person, then stop by your favorite local to enjoy it as a chilled shot.
Let's hop it off a little club soda.
However you take it, enjoy the five times distilled vodka infused with fresh pink lemonade flavor.
The old Pink Whitney.
Get some of that stuff.
All right, just to hop in, too, they're going to be doing a ton of giveaways on the Pink Whitney Instagram account all summer long.
We're doing a Wednesday giveaway.
So if you follow the Pink Whitney Instagram account, you're going to see the rules as to
how you can win. Obviously you got to be following the account, but we have all these packages,
whether it's like a cooler package for the beach, whether it's to go to a golf course,
whether it's to, do you know any of the other, the other packages, uh, Grinnelli off the top
of your head? I merchandise there's there's
all these different things that will just enhance your summer from a drinking perspective and and
hopefully another Zamboni to give away because those things are classy
all right let's move to the hockey uh we're just waiting on the last couple of Western Conference
playoff teams that have still yet to be decided. And late Sunday night, one of those teams chasing a spot took part in what I would say
the craziest game of the year because of the stakes that were involved.
Vegas was cruising along, 4-2 lead over San Jose late in the third period,
under three minutes left.
Playoff prospects looking a little bit brighter than they were a couple hours before.
Then the Sharks pulled James Reimer and all hell breaks loose.
Vegas failed to clear the puck a bunch of times,
missed a couple empty netters.
Nicky Bones cuts it to 4-3, gets a little interesting.
They pull Reimer again.
Vegas, again, fails to clear, missed a couple empty netters.
Looked like it was going out of the zone.
About three seconds left.
Brent Burns keeps it in.
I don't know if you guys saw the replay.
He shoots it toward the net.
Petrangelo knocks it with his glove, so it actually caroms off the backboards,
comes right out, right to Timo Maia.
Boom, in the net. 0.9 seconds left.
Ties the game up. James Reimer stood
in his head. I mean, this is probably one of the best games he's ever
played. I know he gave up four goals. They end up
winning in a shootout. Vegas only gets one point.
Just a total disaster. Total collapse.
They're still alive, but which one of you guys watch it?
Were you still up or no?
I watched through the second
period, and then I had nothing.
Daffodil Festival just killed me.
So I had nothing left in the tank.
But I was like, they're going to get the job done.
The Sharks are weak.
But I will say, through two, the Sharks were playing hard.
The Sharks had a lot to give.
And then when I woke up and saw that they lost, first I checked my phone,
and I'm like, no way they blew that game.
And I didn't even realize that they had it up to two goal lead with like two minutes left or whatever.
But Meyer, his celebration, you could tell him he skated right to the bench.
I think he flexed a little bit on how excited he was and how hard that team was playing.
And then, like I mentioned last week, how many people hate Vegas around the league?
Meyer mentioned after the game how many people, how many buddies he had across the NHL texting him, great job.
Yeah, Gary Batman texted him.
Gary Batman, sorry.
It's Gary Batman.
No, no, no, no, no, no.
Yeah, exactly.
So I think that Meyer showed, I mean, obviously San Jose,
at that point in the season, it's one of those things where you kind of look,
okay, let's play the spoiler here.
You look for some sort of motivation.
And, I mean, they went into that game looking to pretty much ruin Vegas's year. I don't know if they did quite yet.
Like what it's there, they're still alive technically, but that pretty much did put the dagger in them.
I mean, I looked at the scenarios and what has to happen with Dallas and L.A. and Nashville and what they'd have to do to really blow the spot while Vegas still have having to go three and oh, I just I just couldn't believe it. What an absolute chaotic season in
Vegas. And and and nothing nothing explains it better than the last week with Robin Leonard
and this situation with the goaltending. Because you look at what's happened and you look at
DeBoer's comments and then Leonard reporters coming out that he's getting season ending surgery.
And then all of a sudden he's backing up and people say, well, he didn't play.
He didn't start the game.
Backing up is you're playing the game.
If the goalie gets hurt in the first shift of the game, you're in.
So it was just a wild week.
And you can kind of go into what happened last Monday, you know,
a week, week and a day ago, as you're listening, when they lost a jersey.
Yeah, it's been chaotic as far as like what the fans have known and what's been reported.
I mean, Emily Kaplan came out three days ago that it was reported by Robin Leonard's agent
that he was going to get season-ending surgery.
Then you got DeBoer saying that, like, no, he's walking around the locker room,
seems like happy-go-lucky, ready to go.
Well-rested, I think he said.
Well-rested.
And then on top of that
all right he gets to start and he lets up one goal and after the first period i think peter
deborah's comments after the game was i don't know the guys looked rattled so i just switched it up
and then clearly that probably didn't sit well and then all the chaos ensues and i'll let you
read off what you got already and i hope I didn't step on your toes too much.
No, no, that's all right.
Going back to the Jersey game, yeah, they lost 3-2 to Jersey,
one of the worst teams in the league.
Which is pathetic.
And DeBoer said, quote, this time of year,
you're looking for your guy to be better than the guy at the other end,
and that wasn't the case tonight.
I'm not even sure either goal was a real good chance that they scored on.
I mean, that's, you know, that's,
I don't know if it's throwing a guy under a bus or just being honest,
but those are very pointed comments from your coach.
The one goal, the one goal did look like his controller broke.
Did you guys see that one?
It was a bit odd where it didn't even see it come off the guy's stick.
It seemed like.
I'm sorry.
Am I missing something?
What was that?
What game did he get pulled after one goal?
Was that Washington?
Yeah, that was the next game because it all started with the Jersey game.
Okay, I'm sorry.
Then I misspoke earlier.
I apologize. Nope. No problem. That's when Lain Okay, I'm sorry that I misspoke earlier. I apologize.
No problem.
That's when DeBoer first started kind of dumping on him.
And he said about Thompson, I think he's the one guy there that has been there
and given us what he could.
It's kind of like a shot, not only at Lehner, but Rosario
and whoever else played for him.
So then Wednesday, DeBoer starts Lehner.
He pulls him after the first period.
He gave up one goal on 13 shots, and it wasn't like a total dud.
He didn't play
bad enough to get pulled.
Anyways, he goes back to Thompson, and like you said,
because we pay him to play
these games. Now, if I'm Lane,
I'm like, wait a minute, Pete, you don't pay me.
The same guys who pay me pay you.
That's not what he means.
No, no, no, no.
He's speaking for the
organization. The head coach is the mouthpiece for the organization.
We pay.
Is it fair to say?
If he says they pay him, it doesn't make sense.
No, I get it.
I think what R.A. is saying is over all the comments,
and sometimes it's hard because you're reading them on Twitter.
I'm not reading the postgame press or watching the postgame press conferences.
Excuse me.
But if you took the full body of work over the last few weeks of the comments,
RA, you're essentially insinuating that there were shots fired,
not the way things that would definitely not calm things down.
Exactly. Yeah. And I mean, it's not so much that maybe that we went,
just bringing the salary up, I guess it's just kind of unusual to even,
you know, mention the pay. I guess that's, I don't know.
Maybe you don't think it's weird.
I just thought it was weird to even mention the pay.
And then he said, yeah, he's healthy.
He's fresh.
He's got a lot of energy and we need him at this point of the year.
And then, like you said, Friday, Emily Kaplan and Jesse Granger,
both come out and said he's getting seasoned in surgery.
You know, he hurt his knee March 8th for his filly, gave it all he could,
but the body finally gave out.
Then DeBoer's like, those reports aren't accurate.
It's my knowledge. It was a maintenance day. i expect him to practice tomorrow i expect him to rest
sunday then on saturday the team released a statement which is unusual for a team to release
a statement to say a guy's not going to be practicing taking a maintenance day and then
sunday he backed up uh thompson so that was that and then today mikey just sent me the the tweet
he's getting surgery so they are closing him down So it's just been this whole clusterfuck.
I mean, the other day he wasn't getting it.
Now he is getting it.
I don't know, man.
You wonder what's going on, especially after they already gave away Marc-Andre Fleury.
They just got rid of his salary.
They didn't even get anything back from him.
They stick Atlanta and then they just kind of fuck on Atlanta here.
So on Thursday, on Thursday, he told the team he's getting shoulder surgery and the doctor looked at him and agreed that that's what should happen.
Right. On Saturday.
Then the team said, can you just push this back a day and back up Sunday because of cap implications or something?
Cap cap citations.
I don't really know exactly what that meant or if I'm even wording it right.
But it's when I say chaos, if there's no better description for not just the season, but the goaltending situation.
And now. So what I read and what I can tell is, is the Vegas fans hate the board and they hate Leonard.
It's like I think they look at the fact that a lot of them still think Gallant was completely unfairly let go.
And maybe it was unfair the way it happened. but DeBoer's had some success there.
And then they look at the goaltender, they probably would have rather have kept Fleury
than Leonard. Now, the issue being Leonard's got three more years at five million. And I think if
you really dislike him as a Vegas fan because of kind of the antics, and I shouldn't even say
antics, but there seems to always be something going on with Robin Leonard, right? I mean,
he doesn't seem like somebody as quiet as Marc-Andre Fleury
in terms of going about his business.
Do you guys know what I'm saying when I say that?
I just think sometimes if something's not to your liking,
certain guys certainly hold it in a lot better than others.
And he doesn't.
He voices his opinion, which is fine,
but ultimately if it happens over time enough,
there's a lot of tension that does build, and it seems like some... which is fine but but ultimately if it if it happens over time enough you know there there
there's a lot of tension that does build and it seems like some it's you you mentioned maybe some
frustration towards leonard from the fan base and also deborah there's also it's there's also
friction but it seems between them it seems big time it seems and once again guys like we're just
going off of snippets and stuff and kind of the feel-out process. Like I'm not one to dig and ask questions behind the scenes.
I'm not an insider.
But it's just been absolute chaos.
And I think that from a league standpoint, and you already mentioned it, easily, and RAU as well, the consensus is this is the most hated team.
And they've only been in existence the last three,
four years.
So I would say the Leafs are hated a little bit more.
Oh yeah.
Yeah.
I don't know,
man.
You think so?
Maybe this year it's close.
People are getting sick of Vegas,
but people hate the Leafs.
I was going to say about Leonard though,
he has been injured all year pretty much.
So in terms of worrying about the actual goal thing
and his numbers since he came back from injury which have been pretty bad i mean he's been
battling through injury so he's able to go and he's getting this shoulder surgery and next year
i mean you're gonna get a healthy robin leonard hopefully as long as surgery goes okay so i
wouldn't really worry about the type of goaltender he is although i do look at lenner and i kind of think of a a goalie who would is a great tandem
goalie right and not necessarily like a true number one who's carrying the load like shusterkin
is the number one georgie has a great backup whereas in boston say i'm just thinking of teams
with two goalies right you have swayman you have all mark minnesota right now has flurry they have
talbot it's i think of lennar as one of those
goalies do you know what i got you forgot toronto with a call grin and i don't think you guys have
a clue what's going on in toronto and that i mean i wouldn't even consider that on a level of other
teams goaltendings like i mentioned okay fair enough yeah okay cool but it is wild to see
the disconnect between a head coach and a goalie who is such an important part of the team where he's saying he's done for the year
and the coach is blatantly going against him saying, no, he's completely fine.
It's like I've never really seen that where he either
the team didn't tell DeBoer that Leonard's getting surgery
and that he's really injured or he knows and he's like, no, I don't't believe it basically so it is a wild scenario to see how it's all played out not to mention the fact that
they've been clawing and fighting just trying to get in the playoffs which i think right now
somebody said online it's a 15 chance they get in it would take a miracle for them to get in at this
point well everybody's listening it's on tuesday biggest game of the year between both teams and i
if dallas wins pretty much solidifies the fact that they're going to get the eighth seed and is listening it's on Tuesday biggest game of the year between both teams tonight if Dallas wins
pretty much solidifies the fact that they're going to get the eighth seed and then lose four straight
to Colorado but uh as far as other online shrapnel I think all the other players are really dodging
bullets and Jack Campbell seems to be our Jack Campbell Jack Eichel seems to be taking a lot of
it because he's gone pointless in the last four games down the stretch here now mind you everybody this guy's coming off neck surgery and
apparently he does have a thumb injury but I tell you what man these Sabres fans and I'm not getting
into it with them I'm just saying they love to keep piling on and piling on at the fact that
maybe Eichel hasn't lived up to expectations down the stretch. But let's remind everyone, this guy came back from fucking neck surgery three, four months ago.
Yeah, he's been playing hurt pretty much since he got to Vegas.
I know they haven't really announced it, but I'm not going to say what I heard.
But yeah, he's dinged up.
And I'm sure after the season, he's probably going to have to get it.
And he's taking all the online shrapnel, R.A.
How do you feel about that?
Well, does that not make sense to you?
I'm not saying I agree with it, but he's the big, they brought him in.
It was like the big deal, one of the biggest deals of the season,
one of the biggest deals I can remember.
And then he hasn't played well.
Yes, he's injured, but fans don't care about that.
They look at production and they look at the guys making the most money
and then they blame them.
So I'm not saying I agree with it biz but i understand it
don't you when a guy doesn't perform as a high paid guy no matter what you're gonna catch heat
yeah not that he deserves it biz but i don't think people know he's just dinged up as he is and that's
why you know he's not putting the points up he's not the same player so i'm sure that all the same
people sending me the memos the memory um and it is funny just going back to vegas like how everyone
hates him it is funny how they go from like the darlings of the league,
like Cinderella story, and then three years later,
people fucking hate them.
It's like Vegas in general.
And knock them down.
It's like Vegas in general just eats you up and spits you out.
Exactly.
Yeah, they got a 15.3 chance of getting a playoff spot per money puck.
90 points, three back at Dallas.
Like I said, the game tonight, that's huge uh Vegas needs to win that in regulation basically they need to win out
their last three games and they need some combination of Nashville LA or Dallas to lose a
certain amount of games they're done um yeah they're done I've been made to look like a fool
for for uh supporting these guys and trying to jump on their bandwagon amongst all the other
teams I've jumped on their bandwagon,
hoping they were going to get that eighth seed.
I'm betting against them tonight.
I'm bet I'm hammering Dallas.
Are you hammering them?
So probably two,
two 50 Dallas is pretty pathetic as well.
They might,
they might be the only playoff team that gets in with a minus goal
differential.
They have the Islanders have more regulation wins
than the Dallas Stars.
They suck.
You're right.
Colorado is going to truck them.
That series price line might be minus 700.
What if you bet it where they could end it
in five games or less?
Do your odds go up?
Yeah.
So like if you take,
you can't do five games or less.
I don't think,
I think you could bet what game the series,
what, yeah, what game the series ends in.
So you could bet Colorado to sweep, and those odds would be pretty good.
I wonder if those odds  I bet you the Vegas  I mean, the Colorado sweep odds of Dallas,
if they do end up playing each other, would be not even like crazy high.
Even money?
Plus 100.
Yeah, probably not too big.
Yeah, I mean, maybe plus 200. Maybe 200 plus 200 yeah yeah i got i got a
couple uh bomb bombers in there i got nashville 76 to 1 and la 85 to 1 i know they're gonna have
a couple tough matchups but yeah see what happens 32 teams what'd you bet how many did you bet to
win the cup last year you had ottawa uh i got three alive right now. Boston, Nashville, and L.A.
And I had several other teams
that didn't make the playoffs.
But I had Anaheim,
Vancouver.
Teams that were like 200 to 1.
Just those type of fucking ones.
I don't want to...
Are we going to talk Edmonton, L.A. later?
Yeah, yeah.
Because we're going to move along.
Okay, let's save that stuff for the end.
Yeah, yeah.
Let's save that stuff.
All right.
Hey, gang.
You know when you're wearing a great outfit,
everything just looks right, and your confidence is soaring?
You can walk into a room knowing you're on your A game.
If you've been struggling with hair loss, Roman can give you that same feeling.
Roman prescription and over-the-counter treatments
have a discrete process from start to finish.
Fast, free shipping, so you don't have to wait to start fighting hair loss.
Might be late for me, but it's not late for you.
Science-backed treatments that are proven to help slow or stop hair loss
and in some cases even regrow hair.
Get more confidence from the top down.
Visit GetRoman.com slash chicklets today.
That's GetRoman.com slash chiclets.
One more time for the folks in back.
Get roman.com slash chiclets.
If you're losing the salad up top,
give it a whirl.
Get some help.
Wish they had this stuff when I was a young hopper.
I might need it.
If fucking Calgary gets bounced before Edmonton,
grow my hair back on my dome.
Yeah.
At least yours will come back.
Let's see boys.
All right.
Ryan gets laughedff played his
very last game and talk about going
out with a bang, an absolute sick
dish with a few minutes left in his career.
Final game Sunday night
in front of his home crowd that he played in for 17
seasons. Hell of a send off.
They honored him before the game. Then Teemu
comes ripping out. Was that like a was that a dune buggy?
I don't know what the hell that was. Some sort of Honda dune
buggy team will come ripping out. He was sick though. The thing was unreal. I never thought of was that a dune buggy i don't know what the hell that was some sort of honda dune buggy team will come ripping out he was sick though the thing was unreal like
i never thought of myself as a dune buggy guy but i love one of those and then yeah like i said a
couple minutes left in the game with i loved your tweet you put out you think he's gonna come down
and fire it nope little turn backhand sauce to henry boom nice goal just an awesome way i know
they lost the game but it was just such a a typical vintage gets left plate to kind of end his career. I know you want to chime in for your old teammate.
Yeah, it was an amazing little ceremony. And I think that was pretty cool to see. I think
Henry Samueli is the owner and his wife. They were out there and gets left jerseys. And
then you saw his kids. I mean, he's got I think it was three boys and a girl is two
oldest boys are getting so big. It's crazy to think how long he's played.
And, I mean, when I play with him, I don't even know if he had a kid yet.
So just to see how his family's grown,
to see how much it meant to his boys and his girl,
and then also his wife, who's super emotional.
And you understand, and you kind of realize then,
and I think players all do, but maybe fans don't know how much a significant other
and a wife goes through a player's career with them.
You're a partnership. It's a team.
And all the times he's on the road, she's at home,
and she's living and dying with his career and how games go
and how his body feels.
And there's just so much that goes into making it and playing it that long.
And to have a strong family base at home is so important so to see his family out there and to
see the hugs he gave his kids and his wife it was awesome I was so I was so excited watching it for
him because you know the career he had we talked about it the last few weeks it's just been so
amazing to see the player he turned into right from the get-go I mean he was really good when
he when he showed up into the league and all he did was get better and better so to see the player he turned into right from the get-go. I mean, he was really good when he showed up into the league,
and all he did was get better and better.
So to see the assist that he had in his last game.
And I threw out a question.
People were kind of going at me on Twitter.
I said, is this the best point in your final game?
Is this the best final point in your final game in NHL history?
And I couldn't really think of others.
Now, granted, I was forgetting a couple obvious ones.
Immediately, Vancouver Canucks and their loser fan base started saying, oh, the Sedins.
I was there for it.
Yeah, I forgot about that.
That was awesome.
I think I don't remember who scored, but the other Sedin assisted in overtime.
No doubt they won the game.
So that's probably a little cooler.
I do think Getzoff us pass was probably a better play
than the oh great here we go well it was i mean it was a slap shot from like the top of the circle
i mean it was a nice shot but bring out the tiki torches can i have a fake shot behind the back
pass for a tapping was beautiful another one mentioned to me um lanny mcdonald scored in the
cup clinching game in his final game ever.
So that's probably the sickest one.
Your final game, you win the cup and you get a goal.
Yeah, that wins.
I believe it's a form too.
How Mike Vernon, we just interviewed Mike Vernon,
a little giveaway to everyone.
We got him coming on in the next week's awesome interview.
He mentioned, I think they were the only team to ever win the Stanley Cup
in the Montreal form.
A way team.
A way team.
Only a way team, only away team.
Yeah.
Obviously.
Yeah.
That would make it.
I think that went without saying,
thanks though.
So I,
if you have other ones,
let me know,
but get stuff thrown a behind the back.
No look dish for a tap.
And like I just said,
and I just repeated myself because biz has me rattled was one of the top
moments for last game.
Last point of all time. Agreed. And what a, what a send off to, repeated myself because biz has me rattled was one of the top moments for last game last point
of all time agreed and and what a what a send-off too i know we mentioned it a few pods ago but when
they announced that he was going to be retiring he got two more home games and it was a sold-out
barn they ended up doing a team photo um after the game and um obviously probably a difficult
emotional send-off for gets but hey man go enjoy retirement
hell of a career unbelievable guy so well liked by his teammates and guys from other teams and
a very well respected individual who I'd imagine be getting a call from the Hall of Fame at some
point all right yeah I wrote that in the outline next up should be Toronto but earlier earlier in
the week too Biz when they played in L.A.,
you know, those guys hate each other.
Our rivals, Anaheim, L.A., and they gave him a hell of a tribute, too.
They actually gave him a video tribute, a nice applause,
and all the Kings come over, dap them up at the end of the game.
We've been seeing that with retiring refs a lot, but just real nice.
You know, these guys, they're warriors.
They battle against each other, and then, you know, especially that game.
They were killing each other at the end of the game,
and 30 seconds later, they're all dapping up and saying bye
and congratulating him.
So some nice scenes.
I know we've been talking about Getz Laff a lot,
but he's a great player, Hall of Famous.
So he deserves everything we say.
Like I said, it's like Jackie Moon and the Tropic Thunder,
when they're just going at it.
And then all of a sudden the TV timeout stops
and they're all like back to being buddies and stuff.
Little taxi cab confession for you, Paul.
I never saw Semi-Pro.
Oh, yeah.
How do you call yourself such a movie guy and then not watch a movie like that?
You're a bit of a movie snob, aren't you, R.A.?
Yeah.
Oh, big time.
He wasn't in it, so he can't watch it.
I don't think, I mean, Semi-Pro has its fans, but is it even a top
It's not a top five Will Ferrell movie.
It might be top ten only because he doesn't have a ton.
Yeah, I know, but just how many movies
you watch, and you've probably watched
some of the same movies a hundred. Would you say you've
seen certain movies a hundred times?
Possibly.
I mean, something like Star Wars, a Slapshot
maybe. I mean, I've been watching for 40 years.
Dude, it's mixing a semi-pro.
I think you'd really like it.
We got to get a semi-pro R.A. movie review by at least a month from now.
Okay.
Know what it is?
I love Farrell on SNL, but I think he was making so many things.
I just wasn't laughing at him anymore.
So when semi-pro came out, I was kind of like maybe a little bit Will Farrell-ed out.
Even though I'm a fan, I like him.
I just, I don't know.
I didn't run out to see him.
He went on a massive run.
He had Old School.
He had Kicking and Screaming.
He had Semi-Pro.
Any other ones, Grinnell?
I had Step Brothers.
He had Step Brothers.
Oh, wow.
What about that one, R.A.?
I saw it.
I don't think I like it as much as other people.
Yeah, I mean, I watched it. It just didn't think I like it as much as other people yeah I mean I watched it I just didn't
it just didn't hit me like other people even Anchorman
I saw Anchorman at the show
and I don't know it just didn't hit me
the same way it did others maybe I gotta watch it again
and I like a lot of people in the movie but
I don't know it just didn't it didn't hit me
the same I don't love arguing
I don't love arguing but I'll argue
to the death with anyone
that him in old school shooting himself in the neck with the dart that the horse tranquilizer
and then wandering through the party like a zombie and then falling in the pool and getting
brought back to life by the guy who had the dart the tranquilizer gun is the funniest thing he's
ever done in the movie that was the funniest five minutes yeah st gun, is the funniest thing he's ever done in a movie.
That was the funniest five minutes.
Yeah, Stifler.
And then he thinks it's his wife,
and then he's licking Stifler's tongue.
And that, I think, is the funniest moment he's ever done.
You've got a fucking dart in your neck.
How big of a smoke is the girl in the backseat
of when they pull up when he's streaking downtown?
I always wondered.
She was never in anything else so tan, so beautiful.
Yeah, and then they did the blowjob class.
And then she's the one who was like, look, hold out there, Frank, huh?
Yeah, he's old school.
He's awesome.
And that's probably my favorite Will Ferrell movie.
There is another one coming out with him and Steve Carell.
No, not really.
Is it Steve Carell?
Or maybe it's Paul Rudd.
And it's more of a serious tone, R.A.
Have you seen the trailer for it?
No, I haven't.
I'll have to get it to you.
I can't think of it off the top of my head.
Maybe Grinelli could check it out while we transition subjects here.
R.A., not to pump your tires, but winning time is getting good.
It's getting good.
The first episode was by far and away the weakest episode,
and now I've watched five episodes.
And I'm like, there's still some big-time goofiness to the show,
but it is interesting, and I'm all in.
So, R.A., credit to you to tell me to keep going on that.
And, yeah, it's very funny.
The story behind the Lakers, behind the off-the-court stuff,
and then the on-the-court stuff with Kareem Abdul-Jabbar
and his backstory and Magic Johnson coming in,
it's getting very good.
While kind of thinking it's so stupid, I really like it.
Are they just crushing tons of broads in it?
So there's been one episode where magic just like yeah went to
like it wasn't a brothel it was like a i don't know what it was and yeah he's going nuts but the
the women really haven't become that big of a storyline yet but like the season just began
magic's rookie year in the episode i watched so i imagine that it gets pretty uh hectic in terms of
the vagina flying around for the la lakers. Lakers in the early 80s.
Good to know.
I think the show you were looking for is called
The Shrink Next Door with Will Ferrell and Paul Rudd.
It's a bit more serious.
Yeah, it looks like a serious tone already.
So you got a lot of Will Ferrell to catch up on.
Yeah, I'm glad you stuck with it and you're enjoying it
because, yeah, it's not so much about the basketball.
It's almost like you don't have to like soccer to like Ted Lasso.
You don't have to like basketball to like the Lakers show.
It's just very entertaining.
And, dude, imagine being a magic dude in the 80s LA,
being the most popular guy there, most famous guy.
All the ass, man.
Oh, my God.
All right.
All right.
Settle down, buddy.
All right, dude.
Sorry.
Actually, speaking of LA biz, you know what?
I think we should probably send it over to Wayne Gretzky right about now.
I mean.
Let's do it.
We've kept the people waiting long enough absolutely so but first we want to let
you know that this interview is brought to you by game time game time is the new exclusive ticketing
partner of barstool sports they're the only ticketing company that barstool sports uses to
buy tickets created by fans for fans game time is a new ticketing app that makes it easier than ever to score
last-minute ticket deals on sports, concerts, and shows,
and they guarantee the lowest price.
They crack the code on how to score deals at last-minute tickets.
Our list is 11 GameTime because every week I'm getting tagged on social media.
All right, I got tickets for this game, for that game, unreal deals.
I know Grinnelli got hooked up with the Bruins tickets last week,
so once the playoff starts, I'm going to be all over game time.
You ever dreamed of sitting behind the glass?
Well, it's possible with game time.
Get those last minute tickets for the nice low price.
Whatever the market is, boom, you're going to get hooked up.
And the last minute price drops can be found on the seats you thought you could never buy.
The purchase process takes just two taps in 10 seconds.
And once you buy your tickets, they're delivered directly to your phone.
No printer needed.
The app also allows you to easily share tickets with friends via text so you can get into the game seamlessly.
Skip the hassle and enjoy the moment.
The best part, you get 20 off your first purchase.
So download the Game Time app, go to the account tab to create a login, and redeem code CHICKLETS
for 20 off your first
purchase. Terms apply.
And now, enjoy the great one,
number 99, Mr. Wayne Gretzky.
Guys, we did it.
We got the white whale. We got him!
We tied him down. We have him hostage here at the
Four Seasons in our room.
But on a serious note wayne
uh you're so generous with your time it's been a pleasure working with you at tnt um and obviously
i also got to thank these guys because without the spit and chicklets podcast i probably don't
even get the chance to get to meet you and now work with you um folks the great one and normally
we start out wayne by listing all the accomplishments but i think that would waste about half of our time here we get to yeah we only got an hour we'll miss our flight
the way it's going will be one lesson about a year and a half
so thank you so much for joining us and the way we do it here on the spit and chicklets podcast
is we usually start out all the way at the beginning and how this wonderful career of
yours uh started out and came to be?
Oh my gosh. Well, first of all, it's a pleasure to be here. I'm not great in social media.
I'm just sort of finding my way, but my kids have been watching you guys forever. So that's all I
hear at home is the spit and chiclet. So from their point of view, this is a great honor for
all of us to be part of it.
So I'm excited.
For me, you know, I was like everybody else in Canada.
You know, it's one of those things.
We all started to grow up with a hockey stick in our hand and a pair of skates.
And, you know, you start playing because you love it.
And I was no different than any other kid that was in Canada who loved the game.
And I started playing at a
young age. I got a pair of skates from my uncle that were hand-me-downs and didn't look back.
And the greatest game in the world. And I was lucky enough to have a great passion for it.
At what age were you on the pond in the backyard? Was that the first time you ever skated?
Yeah, two and a half. But it wasn't in my backyard. It was actually, there was a river that went through my grandfolk's house
just outside of Brantford, Air Ontario,
and it went through their backyard, the Nith River, and it would freeze,
and that's where I first started skating.
But we only went there on weekends because my dad worked at Bell Telephone 8 to 5,
so it was Saturdays and Sundays.
I would skate all day.
And then my dad started
taking me to these local parks that had outside rinks and as my dad says out of necessity he built
a rink in the backyard so he could stay inside the house and watch me through the kitchen window so
he wouldn't freeze all the time so uh about the age of four four and a half five my dad started
building a rink in the backyard um I always get a kick because my mom used to say it would be early December,
and my dad would say, Phyllis, you've got to go over to Wolko.
You've got to go get me a sprinkler head.
And my mom would say, you're going to go get your own sprinkler head.
They're going to think I'm a complete idiot
asking for a sprinkler head in the middle of the winter.
So they used to wait for my dad in December.
They'd always hold one back for him because they knew he was coming in around early December.
So at night he would just turn the sprinkler on and go back and forth,
and that's how he built the ice rink.
And I got one quote here.
It's not God-given, it's Wally-given.
And I'm sure if, you know, without your old man, none of this would have become possible.
He was so special.
Loved hockey.
Loved kids.
He had two minor hockey tournaments in my hometown, boys and girls.
And they would be three days long, I guess.
And he would go there and he would sit in the arena from 8 o'clock in the morning until 8 o'clock at night.
I went home a few years ago and he was sick.
And I went to see him.
It was just after Christmas. And I said, look, I'll go to the rink today.
I'll go handle your chores.
And he was so sick he couldn't leave the house.
And so I went over to the arena, and oh, my goodness, I said to my brothers,
I said, Dad did this 10 hours a day.
I said, I'm here an hour.
I've had enough.
It was so funny because as I walked into the arena, this coach,
like a seven-year-old team, he goes, Mr. Gretzky, will you talk to my team before the game? And I
said, no, I'm the wrong guy. He goes, no, no, no, just go in there and say whatever you want.
And I said, trust me, I'm the wrong guy for you to speak to your seven-year-olds. I'll get a
picture. He goes, no, no, say a few words, whatever you want. And I said, okay. So I went
in there and I said, welcome to Brantford. And it's a great city.
You're going to love this tournament.
And I said, and remember, you're seven.
It doesn't matter if you win or lose.
It's how many goals you get.
And the coach looked at me and I said, I told you, I'm the wrong guy.
It's seven years old.
Just go have fun.
Who cares if you win or lose?
And I remember we always, we had good teams in Brantford.
We had guys that, Greg Stephan, who played in the NHL,
Jimmy Burton was up and down, Len Hackborn,
for a little town of 60,000 people.
And we'd always play Oshawa in the finals of tournaments
on all Ontario's, and we could never beat them.
They were a better team.
They were bigger.
They had more kids to draw from.
I think Oshawa was like 250,000 people.
I remember one day I was like 11 years old.
I was driving home after a game, and we lost game five in the finals.
And I said to my dad, I said, I just don't understand.
We can't beat that team.
He goes, that's the best coach hockey team I've ever seen for 11.
They play their positions well.
And he said, I'll never
forget, he said, but there won't be one kid on that team that ever makes junior A hockey, let
alone the NHL, because they have no imagination and no creativity. And years later, five of us
were playing major A. And I remember looking at my dad going, how would he know that when we're all
11 years old? But he had a feel for the game, and he just said, you've got to be creative.
You've got to go out there and be your own person,
especially 10, 11, 12.
So they were playing systems instead of just going out there and having fun.
And the thing I read about your dad is just how important he was
in terms of you learning the skill of thinking the game.
Like the old story of he threw it in the corner,
and he'd show you where to go or it was going to end up being.
Is that kind of how you remember it?
Yeah, and he'd say it's like a pool table you know when you hit the white ball you know the angles and you got to play angles and be creative and get ahead
of where the puck's gonna be not where it's been um and you know the game has changed so much
from the time when Beliveau and LeFleur and Bobby Orr and Howe and Messier,
Lemieux, they were so creative. And that comes from being a kid and being a youngster and doing
that by throwing a puck on the ice and saying, okay, you go on that team, you go on that team,
we'll play four against four and let's have some fun. If you take eight kids to a rink today,
the first thing they say to you is, okay, what drills do you want us to do?
They don't know how to play pickup.
Control breakout.
Yeah, it's completely changed.
And now I watch the games, it seems to be swaying a little bit back
towards the way it was in the 70s.
And I watch Kel McCarr and I watch Hedman,
and these guys, there's so much imagination in their game,
and they're so different.
Fox in New York, you know, people call them Rovers now,
but they're not Rovers.
They're really good defensemen who happen to be really good with the puck,
and they're always in the play.
And it's so nice to see that our game has really climbed to a different level,
another level, because these kids, not only are they using their creativity, but they're so talented and they're so strong and they're so smart and they
want to be coached. That's the thing about these kids today. They love being coached. And when I
watch games, I watch the Ranger Tampa Bay game, I watch Colorado Edmonton the last couple of nights,
two of the best hockey games I've seen in 10 years. They're just hard, physical, fast, good
goaltending, smart
players. It was just fun to see.
It was fun to watch. Wayne, you would get booed
as a kid by other parents, other teams that you
were going against. How did that make you feel as a little
kid? What would your parents tell you to fight through that
as a young kid?
It was kind of funny.
When I was five, I made
this team. In those days you tried out
there's one team they're 10 year olds and if you didn't make it you played basically house league
hockey so I made the team and uh I remember the coach came to my house he wanted a birth certificate
and my dad gave it to him and he said well oh my god Walter I'm sorry he can't play he's too young
uh so I couldn't play that year. My dad was
in this sort of frenzy. Okay, do I wait a year or I'm going to take him to Paris, which is a little
town, which is, you know, there's triple A, double A. And Paris was kind of a hockey because of the
size of the town. And my dad said, you know what, if you go there, you're going to be stuck there
forever. You're not going to be able to play in Brantford. So I didn't play that year. Made the team again the next year, and I played five years on that team.
And by the fifth year, I remember I'd play in arenas, and I would get booed.
And I remember looking at my dad thinking, wow, why am I getting booed?
I'm 10 years old.
Yeah.
The arena's sold out.
People are in there watching, and they're booing.
So I'll never forget, I was watching a Hockey Night Canada game,
my dad and I, Saturday nights.
We used to watch every game.
And Bobby Orr was playing in Toronto, and every time he got the puck,
my dad would say, listen to how the people boo.
And I remember sitting there, and my dad said,
they only boo you because they like you.
If they're not booing you, then that means you're not very good.
So I used to like when I got booed because I always remember what my dad said.
And what about the white gloves?
Sorry.
Yeah, no, that's what I was going to ask.
The white gloves are such a legendary tale almost.
Your dad had you wear them for a reason?
No, it was, you know, every year we would go to this little sports store,
Lockington Sporting Goods in Brantford, and I'd get a pair of new gloves
because during
the year, I would wear those gloves the whole year. And we'd play 70 games in those days.
And then I'd be in the backyard with the gloves on. So after a year, they were worn through.
And then what I would do is I would cut them and I would use them for lacrosse. And so I'd have no
palms. And in the summertime, I'd play lacrosse with them. So then every September, we'd go get a new pair of gloves. And so that year, I was a second-year
peewee. We were trying to get a new pair of gloves. And we were looking at all the different
gloves. And every year, sort of new gloves come out, new styles, new colors. And Brantford was
always red, white, and black. And they didn't really have a pair of red, white, and black
gloves left because we were always, my dad was always the last one to the shop, right?
We were always, we got there late, put it that way, the day of or the night before.
So really the only pair of gloves they had left was this white pair. And I said to my dad,
yeah, I should just wear those. And he goes, oh, you know, you'll have a sort of a dagger on your
back. And I said, I already do. And my dad said, yeah, good thinking. And I wore those white gloves.
And now every team's wearing white gloves.
Yeah, exactly.
So, yeah, so I wore them for one year in my second year of peewee.
That's how I got the white gloves.
I think you started touching on it on the broadcast.
I don't know how much of the story you got through,
but you, in fact, got banned from minor hockey at one point.
I'm suspended. I have a letter that I'm suspended for life from Canadian minor hockey
which is kind of funny I even know the guy who was president of the time who sent the letter
I kept the letter my dad kept the letter which is kind of funny because they always say no no no
he's not suspended but I was suspended for life from minor hockey and the ironic thing about it
was when I became Wayne Gretzky in the NHL,
I did so many charity events for minor hockey across Canada,
not just Ontario, but all across Canada,
whether it be donating equipment or sticks or raising money
or going to dinners or golf tournaments.
But every time I'm there, I always remind people,
you know, I am suspended for life for minor hockey.
Can you guys renege that now?
Have I done my due here? I kind of like it like it gives me a one-up on the one from behind not the great one the bad boy of hockey
yeah you know it's funny when i went there kids had done it for years and so i went went there
to live with legal guardians and there was a kid uh from the other direction I think Koberg a kid
named Ryan Rohrbeck him and I both went went to court we lost and I was tired I was done of all
the fighting and so I had three decisions uh go home which I wasn't going to do play high school
hockey for Upper Canada College and for people who know me my my high school skills were good
enough to play go to Upper Canada College.
And the hockey wasn't at that time as good or play junior B. And so I went to a junior B practice.
My dad and I, coach sat us down and he said, you can play here. I'm going to play you. And my dad
was like, listen, if you're not going to play him, he's just going to sit on the bench. It's a wasted
year. You know, we're not expecting anything. He no no no if he plays and practices hard he's
gonna play and i ended up playing that year played two years of junior b and stayed in toronto and
the rest is history and and the rare event that you maybe had an off night with like two and one
instead of seven and three would you would you would your father like give you shit at all or
would he would he get on you or was he always pretty laid back in terms of how you played? My dad was tough.
He was a hands-on father.
I remember the end of my fifth year as a 10-year-old.
We were done the year, and I was one of those kids that when hockey was done,
I threw my equipment downstairs, couldn't wait to play baseball and lacrosse.
I loved it as much or more than hockey.
And the coach came over to our house, I'll never forget.
We finished on a Saturday or Sunday, and it was like Wednesday.
And he came over and he said, you know, there's a team in Milton,
which is now the John Tonelli Arena.
They would like to play us an exhibition game on Saturday.
They think they can sell the arena out and they're going to play us an exhibition game on Saturday. They think they can sell the arena out,
and they're going to raise money for minor hockey,
but we can't go if Wayne doesn't play.
So my dad said, well, what do you think?
I said, oh, yeah, I'll play.
So we drive down there, and this arena is packed,
and it's one of those old, old arenas, you know,
with wooden seats, and it's not that big,
and they jammed about 800 people in there,
and it's loud and crazy
we get beat eight to one and we're riding in the car home and it's about an hour drive and
i'm sitting there and my dad turns around he goes what do you think and i go about what he goes the
game i go i don't know if we lost eight one who cares he goes he almost stopped the car he goes
what do you mean who cares he goes i don't know why but these people all come to watch you play hockey if you don't freaking get your shit
together every night you have to perform every single game and i remember sitting there going
i didn't want to play today i had my baseball glove on dad and i learned a good lesson right
then and there that you know okay i i have perform. So it was a great lesson for me because
playing in the Oilers were a little bit of a traveling road show. We played a lot of exhibition
games in like San Antonio and that time Dallas and Phoenix didn't have NHL teams and we'd sell
out. And of course they want to see myself and Messi and coffee and we all would play. And I
treated that game pretty much the exact
same way as I treat game one of the Stanley Cup playoffs. So it was a great lesson for me.
But on the other side of things, he was very sincere. There'd be games where I didn't play
well or in my mind, I didn't think I'd play well. And he'd say, you know, that was one of your best
games tonight. I remember I got three goals and three assists one game he said I don't know what you're so happy about that was a
horrible game so he had this whole reverse psychology thing right but Glenn Saylor was a
pretty much a genius and he knew this and I can remember we'd be playing at Edmonton we'd be tied
1-1 with Calgary or Winnipeg and go to that city for game three and I come out walking out for the
morning skate and I look up and my mom and dad would be sitting there and I turn to Paul Coffey
I go well I guess Slass doesn't think I'm playing very good right now because he always knew if my
my mom and dad yeah if I wasn't playing good he always flew my mom and dad in right and I'd be
going okay I guess I better get going here so So Glenn had it figured out real quick that I seemed to be more motivated
when my dad was sitting in the stands.
I texted Jonesy before the interview, and he said about 95 of your time,
at least through minor hockey, was spent on the pond.
And he also said that you trained quite a bit with a tennis ball.
What was the significance of the tennis ball?
You know, in 72, when the Russians come over to play in the Summit Series,
they came over, and we were so intrigued by things that they were doing and, you know, the different sort of sequences of
their power play and how they would go up the ice. And then if they didn't see anything, they didn't
dump it in, they come back and regroup. And so their puck possession was really something we
hadn't really seen other than guys like Bobby Orr. And so when I was in the backyard and I'd be doing drills,
he had these pylons set up and he'd put sticks on the ice
and he'd have me make passes over the stick to make sure they land properly
and backhand passes.
He would have me do it with tennis balls and he would say,
listen, if you can handle a tennis ball on the ice because it's so bouncy,
then you're going to be able to handle a puck so much easier.
So I did 90 of the drills I did were always with tennis balls. And, you know, I used to sit there
and think, okay, and now I look back at it and go, wow, my dad was so ahead of his time. He was so
smart. And, you know, obviously, I watch these kids today, the stuff that they do, the one-on-one
drills and through the pylons and through pucks,
I mean, I can't do that. Going behind the net and lifting the puck up and throwing it in the net,
those are things that those kids practice now every day, and good for them. I just,
you know, I probably can't do it. Wayne, as a kid, you always played against older opponents.
I think you were 14 playing against 20-year-olds. When did guys start taking shots at you on the
ice, starting to get real physical with you?
I had this agent, Gus Bedali. When I went to
Toronto at 14, of course, when you
go to Toronto, everybody's got to have an agent, right?
I got an agent. I don't
know why, but anyways,
he was a wonderful man, and he was
very good friends with our family.
As a matter of fact, the second year I
played junior, Gordy's
youngest son, Murray, moved to Toronto and played on our team. And Murray lived with him and his
family and just a really tremendous young man. But so Gus used to say to me all the time, listen,
I have all these guys in the junior A hockey, I have guys in the NHL, I have guys in the WHA.
And I'll tell you this honestly, Bantam hockey is rougher than Junior B. Junior B is
rougher than Junior A. And Junior A is rougher than WHA. And WHA is rougher than the NHL. And
I used to think, wow, really? And as I went along, I really found that out. There becomes a respect
factor for each other as athletes, right? Especially when you get to the NHL. Look,
it's physical and it's hard. but guys know that guy has a family.
He's got kids. He's got a wife.
They're not trying to hurt people.
There's too much respect in the game.
So I guess what I'm saying, the higher you go, the more levels you play at,
the more respect the players have for each other.
And so it's physical and it's hard, and you better have your head up,
but it's not as  Bantam hockey was much dirtier than playing Major A hockey,
I'll tell you that. And what year  so you you wanted number nine but it wasn't available
what year was that and that's when 99 became your number so sous saint marie uh i played two years
junior b in toronto i wore number nine uh for obvious reasons gordy and that second year murray
came to our team and we had 11 16-year-olds on the
Junior B team. I think 10 of them made Major A. We lost in the Ontario Finals to Stratford, which
we got slammed pretty good. But we were a young group of kids. We were a midget team.
And I said to Murray, I said, listen, Murray, your dad wore number nine. I'll switch my number
to 16. You can have number nine. He goes, no, no, no, no, Wayne.
Keep number nine.
He goes, this, you know, I want to be a doctor.
This is my last year of hockey and I'm going to enjoy it.
And so we had a great relationship.
We used to get on the bus and he had books and binders
and he was such a great student.
Went on to be a great doctor.
And he'd say to me every time we got on the bus,
Wayne, where's your books?
I'm like, oh my God, I never took books on the road.
So one day I got on the bus, and I had like four books,
and I sat down beside Murray, and he goes,
oh, my God, Wayne, you got some books today.
I said, yeah.
He goes, let me see, what do you got, math, English,
what do you got?
I go, Gordie Howe, How to Play Hockey,
Gordie Howe, Hockey My Way.
I said, you want to be a doctor,
I want to be a hockey player.
He just started laughing so hard. So anyway anyway I got drafted by the Sioux and I'm up there and and I got off to a really good start and the first six games I had like 21 points or something
and I was playing really well and I didn't like my number I think I was wearing number 19
and I went into the coach or 14 might have been 14 I went to the coach I said listen can I switch
my number because I got some guts because I was playing pretty good he goes yeah yeah what number
do you want I go he goes you want this number that number I don't know and he's getting frustrated
because the number I wanted was number 16 but Arthur Rutland who went on to play in Vancouver
wore 16 the year before and I'm not going to take his number, nor did he want to give it up.
And Muzz got mad at me.
The coach said, he goes, Jesus Christ, why don't you just wear two nines?
And I went, okay.
No way.
And that's how the nine-nine, everybody thinks it's this mystery.
And it was just sort of, well, why don't you wear two nines?
And I'm like, yeah, good idea.
I'll wear two nines.
And nobody had high numbers then, really, right?
One guy, Espo did it in New York the year before.
He wore 77.
And I remember everybody thinking, God, that's a silly number, right?
Like, if you went to training camp and they gave you a number of 42,
you know you're not staying on the team.
Au contraire.
I had 67 and somehow made it, man.
And we used to sit there and go, just don't give me a number between one and 29.
You didn't want 30 either.
30 was a bad number too.
So you wanted something between two and 29 and you had a chance.
But so that's silly as it sounds.
So people don't know this.
I go to Indianapolis and I wasn't ready for Indianapolis.
Nelson Scalpania signed me.
I was a 17-year-old kid going to a city that knew nothing about hockey.
Nobody knew who I was.
I remember they had me go to a mall to sign autographs,
and I stood there and talked to people for three hours
because nobody came around.
Nobody knew what it was.
I had a pile of pictures.
And I'm like, I couldn't even.
Finally, I said to the guy, can I just go home?
And so I left.
And then they pulled their team.
All my buddies are at Steak and Shake.
I'm going to go meet them.
So I left.
So anyway, I wasn't ready for it, and they weren't ready for me.
And Nelson called me and said, look, I'm going to trade you to either Winnipeg or Edmonton.
Call your agent.
You tell me where you want to go.
And I was like, oh, okay.
So I phoned Gus, and I said, hey, Gus.
And he said, this was a matter of fact,
he goes, Edmonton's got a bigger arena.
They have a better chance to get in the NHL
because of their arena.
Tell them you want to go to Edmonton.
So I was like, okay, and then he goes,
and the owner owns a car dealership.
Maybe he'll give you a free car.
So I'm like, perfect, I get a car,
and maybe we're going to the NHL.
So I get to Edmonton,
and Sather took me under his wing.
I lived with him and his wife, and at the time,
two kids were five and seven, Shannon and Justin.
I lived there for two months with them.
He goes, I want you living with me, and so I did that.
The first game, he called me in his office, and he said,
look, one day you're going to be captain of this team.
We're going to go in the NHL. We're going to win the Stanley Cup. And I'm thinking, geez, I went skipping out of
that office, right? And he goes, but we're going to get rid of this number. I don't want you wearing
99. And my heart sank and I went, oh my gosh, okay. Well, I'm not going to argue. The guy just
traded for me, right? And I'm 17. 17 and by that time I'm just surviving trying to
hang in the league so that night we played we played against Winnipeg I'll never forget I got
a goal and two assists we won 4-3 in overtime and I got for whatever reason I got some courage and
I was never confrontational ever with coaches or I'm like okay I had a good game I'm going in I go
Glenn can I have 99 back? And he goes, yeah.
So I played one pro game without number 99.
It was my very first game at Amazon.
To this day, we're trying to figure out.
I think it was number 26 I wore, but we can't really get any.
Back in those days, we were only drawing about 8,000 people,
and there was no TV.
So I don't even know.
I think it was number 26 I wore.
Was it true at the time that there was an offer
to play a backgammon game to get your rights as a player,
or is that a complete urban legend?
I don't know.
There's so many stories out there.
Nelson and Peter say that's not true.
Bobby Hall was wooing me.
We'd played in Winnipeg, and I think my sixth game because i played i think i played eight games
so it was about sixth or seventh game and the stick boy came running over to me after the game
he goes hey wayne uh mr hall wants to meet you and he wants to take you for dinner i said of course
so mr hall invites you for dinner after a game right you go to dinner i'm in and so we go to dinner and bobby's telling me
you know i'm gonna make sure you get traded to winnipeg you're coming here i want you on my team
um you remind me of uh offy nielsen who was my center you can prolong my career two or three
years i i want you here and i'm sitting there you're 17 years old and thinking, yeah, I'm coming to
Winnipeg, right? And what happened was the bottom line was Edmonton wanted Driscoll and Eddie Mio.
They wanted a tough guy and they wanted a goalie to go with Dave Dryden, who was their number one
goalie, but a little bit older. And so I was kind of a throw in in that deal. Winnipeg didn't want Driscoll and Mio,
and Rudy Pills at the time, who was the general manager,
told Bobby Hull that I couldn't play pro.
I was too small, and I'm not trading for him.
So Winnipeg basically backed out of the deal,
and I ended up in Edmonton, and like I said,
I really was the third notch in that trade.
If Driscoll and Mio weren't part of that trade,
I don't know if Sather and Pockington would have traded for me.
Nobody really knew me.
I'd played one game against Edmonton and others,
and that night I got two goals.
So Sather knew I had something.
But at the end of the day, I was really kind of a throw-in in that deal,
which was fine by me.
I loved going to Edmonton I remember
I was so excited about going there
and I remember sitting with Eddie and Peter
and they were devastated because they loved Indy
and they'd been there a couple years and it's a great
city and they're both from Ontario
they're close to home
and it was a
big change for all of us once we got to Edmonton
but I loved every minute of it I got to be friends
with Bill Flett and Ace Bailey and Paul Schmier
and Dave Dryden, really good guys.
So were you guys actually on a plane not knowing where you were going
at some point, or is that just a myth, a myth?
No, that's true.
Okay.
We had to make a stop.
I think we had to stop in Minnie.
We were on this little eight-seater jet.
I'll never forget.
We kind of crammed in because, you know, we had to
pack a lot of stuff. So we had a hockey equipment, we had clothes, and there's not a lot of room in
that little Learjet, right? Sticks on the floor. I remember Eddie and Peter were so mad. They were
sitting there, and the pilot came back and said, hey, who's paying for this? No, I'm not old enough.
I don't have a credit card because i'm not old enough to have one right
so i go i don't know i don't have no i i got no money eddie goes well you have my credit card
it's got a 600 limit and the pilot goes i'll take it i said we're in trouble they want that 600
dollars i said we're in trouble guys so we land in Minnesota, and the pilot comes back on the plane.
He goes, we're going to Edmonton.
And so they got the deal finalized somewhere in that hour flight from Indy to Mini.
And then when we got there, the Oilers reimbursed the pilots and ripped up Eddie's receipt.
So poor Eddie was like, I got a 600 limit.
Do I get the air miles still?
Trust me.
Playing in Edmonton, we got a lot of air miles
which is wild so the greatest player to ever play was never technically drafted to the nhl
and you were not eligible for the calder oh is that you that's all nice rick talk it that's
wayne's uh everybody that's that's as hockey as it gets right there tell rick talk it we're busy um yeah i never i never got drafted
um you know it was interesting because uh when we went when we went uh into the nhl each
uh wha team is allowed to protect two players this is really something ironic so winnipeg i
think winnipeg protected preston and, or no, Morris Lukowich
and somebody else. And Quebec had Riel Cloutier and I think Hartford had Mark Howe. Anyway,
each team had two players. And Saylor was torn between, he wanted to build a team like the
Winnipeg Jets of the WHA. So he had this kid, Bent Gustafson, that he was really high on. He loved
him. And Bent only played a little bit at the end, came over from Sweden. So he protected me and him.
And Saylor was torn because we had a kid, Dave Langevin, who had just really come out of nowhere
and excelled and became the best defenseman in the WHA the last year of existence. And the end,
he decided to go with more of a flow, freewheeling team,
and we protected him.
And, of course, the Islanders took Langevin,
which really was a heartache for us because Langevin was such a good player.
And then the NHL stepped in and made a ruling that somehow we got Guff's system
the wrong way, and they awarded him to Washington.
So we went in the NHL.
We were the only team of the four cities that only had one player,
and I was the guy.
And we went on to win all the Cups and all the other teams that didn't.
But I think we surprised teams at how fast we sort of improved as a group.
We were a young group.
My goodness.
But Sather's philosophy was, I'm going to play these young guys,
and that's fine.
I'm going to let them learn how to make mistakes and how to get better.
He was a great coach.
But more importantly, he wanted true professionals around these guys.
So he got guys like Colin Campbell, Ron Chipperfield, Dave Dryden,
Ron Chipperfield, Dave Dryden, just consummate pros who worked hard and understood their place in this organization, which was going to be,
I'm going to teach these guys, but one day I'm going to be moved out.
Paul Coffey's going to play here, and Kevin Lowe's going to do this.
And that's exactly what happened, but those guys were so unselfish.
And that's exactly what happened.
But those guys were so unselfish.
And then we had the real, our godfather of the organization was a guy named Lee Fogelin.
And Lee was sort of the, he was everything to our team.
He was so well respected in our locker room, so well loved.
I remember one time he was sitting across from me he used to
sit across from me in the locker room and he was going like this and he's
holding his jaw and I go Foggy you alright he goes oh I got an abscessed
tooth and I go Foggy go to the dentist I said we're 22 points in first place it's
like February you know we're good no no I can't miss a game and he took a
coat hanger he's straightened it out and he took it and he put
it up into the tooth and he knocked the cad the filling out and all the blood came gushing down
all over his shirt and he goes okay i'm good now and i said and i'm not i can't play tonight
so he ended up uh being our guy and so i remember he came into Edmonton. He got traded to Buffalo after, I think, the second or third cup.
Anyway, he goes to Buffalo.
And he was an Edmonton guy.
His family lived there.
His wife and kids stayed when he went to Buffalo.
Hard-working blue-collar carpenter, you know, built houses and all the
he would build the equipment racks for the trainers that they would put on wheels,
and they'd take them on the road.
Foggy was one of the first guys to build those, right?
Wow.
So he comes in the morning skate, and he can hardly walk.
And I said, Foggy, you okay?
He goes, no, this is my last game.
I go, what do you mean it's your last game?
He goes, no, no, I've got to have surgery on my knee,
but tonight's my 400th game, and I've got to play tonight.
And in those days, the way the union worked,
you got like an insurance policy after you played 400 NHL games,
and I believe it was like 250,000 that you got at the age of 55.
And he goes, no, no, I've got to play this game.
And he can hardly walk, right?
And so we're sitting there, Mark and I and Kevin and Paul,
we're sitting before warm-up, and I say, hey, you guys,
Foggy's got a bad leg.
So tonight when you get the puck on the left side,
everybody throw the puck to the right side.
We're not going down the left side the whole game.
Nobody's going near him.
So all the guys were like, yeah, yeah, yeah.
So we're up like 4-0.
And guys would get the puck, and they'd throw it across the ice
and finally say, they're just going, what is going on here?
We told them nobody wants to go around fogey.
And he played that game on one leg.
He retired after that game, stayed in Edmonton, and retired from hockey.
But he had so much respect, nobody went near him.
So a true warrior.
Like, this is the guy who really taught you guys how to become a pro.
Oh, not even a question.
Yeah, he was.
And he was such a professional.
Never missed a practice.
Never missed a game.
So unselfish.
And say that when he built the team, he said, I'm going to build this with guys who have character,
guys like Colin Campbell and Lee Fogelin, Dave Dryden, and on and on,
and Ron Chipperfield, Blair McDonald.
Those guys all sort of passed the torch to us to not necessarily how to win,
but how to be a professional athlete,
show up every day and practice hard,
show up for games and be ready to play.
And that got passed on to us.
And that's, say their success came quicker probably
than a lot of people thought,
but a lot of that had to do with the people
he put around the young guys.
Speaking of toughness,
is it true when you first turned pro
that you were going to go no helmet?
But Walter said said absolutely not.
So in those days, right, the training camp guys would say,
hey, take your helmet off.
I mean, that was kind of.
Like, what are you doing, kind of?
What are you wearing that for?
Yeah, you should take your helmet off.
I mean, I remember we had this kid named Dennis Sobchuk,
who was a WHA signee in the 70s out of, I think, Regina or Saskatoon.
Great player. And he jumped to the
WHA or he would have been a first pick overall in the NHL at that time and Sabi uh we're sitting
there and I go for we're doing an inner squad game and my dad had driven down it was a Saturday
afternoon and he'd driven down from Brantford and I'm skating around in the warm-up and I play my
first shift and I'm sitting on the bench,
and my dad comes running down, and he's banging on the glass,
and I turn around, and he goes, get your goddamn helmet on.
Okay, so I go in the locker room and say to the guys,
my dad says I can't play if I don't wear a helmet.
So Dennis Objock comes over to me and goes,
Wayne, look, wear this helmet, this Jofa helmet.
This is what I wear. My first year, I didn't play with a helmet, and then one of goes, Wayne, look, wear this helmet, this Jofa helmet. This is what I wear.
My first year, I didn't play with a helmet.
And then one of the guys said, here, wear this.
He said, it's like not wearing a helmet.
I'm like, okay.
So I put the helmet on and it was like, it was a joke.
I mean, like, I mean.
It was paper mocked there.
There's no reason to even wear it, right?
So I put it on and I'm like, wow, okay.
So my helmet and my number were just kind of myths. Like somebody threw even wear it, right? So I put it on, and I'm like, wow, okay. So my helmet and my number were just kind of myths,
like somebody threw them at me, right?
And it was like, how did you get that helmet?
Did you study it?
I'm like, no, no.
My dad told me I had to wear a helmet.
So when I went out for the second and third period,
my dad was happy, and I kept wearing that helmet
the rest of my career.
Yeah, because one of them's on display at your bar in Toronto,
and it's like a peanut shell.
There's no foam in it or anything.
It's awful.
It's like a decorative part of a story.
You know, if my kids were skateboarding, because I'm a big believer,
if you're going to skateboard or rollerblade, you wear elbow pads, gloves, a helmet.
If my kids tried to put that helmet on to go on a skateboard, I'd strangle them.
I'd be like, no, no, no, no, that's not a helmet.
You're getting a helmet on.
As simple as that.
How different was the play going from the WHA to the NHL? Was it more physical, more skilled? What was the difference like, no, no, no, no, that's not a helmet. You're getting a helmet on. As simple as that. How different was the play going from the WHA to the NHL?
Was it more physical, more skilled?
What was the difference like, Wayne?
So I tell people this all the time.
I'm lucky.
I got that one year, right?
The NHL was way better than the WHA.
But what the WHA had, we had seven teams in the league.
Ten guys on each team could play in the NHL.
So it was better than the American League level, but not as good as the NHL level.
So that year for me was so important as far as me being ready to play in the NHL.
I don't think that first year I would have had the success that I had
had I come out of junior hockey.
So from my point of view, I have nothing but respect for that league,
what they tried to do, the players who were in it.
They didn't have the depth that the league of the NHL had.
And then I think it was your second year in the NHL, I'm looking.
That's when I think Anderson came, Kevin Lowe, and then Messier was there,
and Curry came.
That training camp, it must have been almost shocking.
Like, oh, my God, the talent we've added is so amazing now.
We have a true wagon on our hands.
You know, it's so funny because we didn't look at it that way.
We were all kids.
We were all in survival mode.
We better play good and practice hard or we're going to be in the minors.
We're not going to be on this team, right?
So Messier was 19.
I was 19.
Coffey was 19.
Kevin Lowe was 19.
Curry was 19.
Anderson.
And it just went on and on.
Then we drafted Grant Fuhrer.
I remember sitting at the draft and Barry Frazier ran the Oilers draft
and Glenn would sit there and he gave total.
The great thing about Glenn, if he gave you responsibility, you did it did it it's your job so Barry Frazier was the head scout and I remember sitting
there and everybody said who are we going to take in this pick and I think it was seventh or eighth
pick and Barry said well as far as I'm concerned the greatest goalie in the draft is right there
and we're taking a goalie and I said Glenn we're taking a goalie he goes yeah Barry says we're
taking a goalie and that's kind of how the organization worked do your job right trusted him and trusted him
and so we drafted grant fear and we had a young andy moog and all of a sudden we have all these
young guys and we're all looking around going oh my god we're young uh glenn glenn was always funny
because he'd have a christmas party and a christmas skate and his didn't we had no rules we had one rule in the
Oilers don't embarrass the organization that was the only rule Glenn had there was no curfew there
was no let's just and that was kind of it right but he had one one philosophy the team Christmas
party you always had to bring a date right like he did I don't want 10 guys over the bar around
the Christmas tree you guys telling stories.
Everybody, this is, the organization's gone, the trainers, the staff.
So all the guys would fly their mothers in.
Because they were all like 19, 20, right?
Betty Coffey would be there, Phyllis Gretzky, Jesse Lowe.
But say they're love dead.
He was like, no, no, that's fine. And so, you know, you have the Christmas skate, right?
And you go out there and all the kids are out there.
And so we have our first Christmas skate and there's like three kids
because we had 18 guys who are under 20, right?
So Sather goes, okay, this is BS.
Next year we're going to get a charity thing.
And so I think it was Big Brothers, Glennie Anderson hooked up with.
And the next year, Andy said, I got some kids coming.
And I went out in the ice.
Andy, you didn't say you were bringing the whole town
to Tasquin.
There was 550 kids on the ice.
Nobody could move.
So we had to sort of even things out, right?
But no, it was a great group of guys.
And Glenn was, like I said, he was so far ahead of his time
in a sense that, you know, teams would go into New York
and they'd stay in Long Island and say,
okay, we're not staying in the city.
And Glenn would go into New York.
We'd stay in New York City.
We'd bus out and play the Islanders.
We'd bus to Jersey and play the Jersey.
We'd bus to Philly.
And we'd stay in Manhattan.
Glenn was like, you guys got to learn how to be men how to act how to be proper and we're gonna stay right
there and that's what we did no kids gloves almost just figure it out guys yeah and like i said no
one rule it was you know we go to training camp i remember him sitting there and you go okay we're
65 guys here and i'd like to bullshit you guys, but there's one job open.
Just, you know, you go to training camp, and coach would say,
okay, every job's up for Glenn McGill.
I can't BS you guys.
There's one job open.
I don't know if it's going to be a checker, a grinder, a goal scorer, a fighter.
You do your job in this training camp, and maybe we'll find a spot for you.
And that's kind of what he lived by.
So I remember one year we had drafted this kid,
Odelein, and he was a really good player.
Lyle Odelein's brother, Selmar.
And he was on the brink of making our team
as an 18-year-old.
And I think that year we'd just won our second cup.
And the coaches and the scouts and the GM, they'd sit up top, right,
and we'd scrimmage for two hours, you know,
and they would have one of the older scouts coach each team
in red against white or orange against blue, whatever.
And so Koff says to Selma or Elaine one day, he goes,
Hey, listen, you want to really impress Sather, Muckler, and Ted Green?
And he goes, yeah, yeah.
He goes, I'll work the front of the net.
You work the corners.
So this kid is going from corner
to corner to corner.
And Sather, usually,
he just sit up there with his cigar.
He never smoked it,
but he'd just be holding it.
And finally, you could just see him
and he blows a whistle
and he says, stop, stop, stop.
He comes down and he goes,
Elaine, what are you doing? And he goes, well, stop, stop. He comes down and he goes, what are you doing?
And he goes, well, Paul told me to work the corners.
Cough, you stupid.
He went back up to his seat.
Funny enough, Lyle ended up telling me to do that
when I was at the end.
His brother told him to check
to get a young kid with this.
Well, that's exactly what happened.
And unfortunately, he was right on the verge of making our team.
We had such a good team that say they thought, okay, I'll send him down for one more year.
He was only 18, and he went down and tore his knee like the second game in junior hockey,
and he was never the same.
It's just crazy how things happen.
Now, I have to say that puts his team together.
You guys are dominant in a few years.
Was it as easy as it looked out there?
I mean, you guys, every night, you must have thought we're going to win tonight
every night, no? No.
Listen,
Biz and I talk about this a lot.
There's so much parity now, right? There's so much
more dynamics
to the game. It's really, it's
weird to see the Eastern Conference
that eight teams have solidified
a playoff spot with 20 games to go.
That's very rare, right?
There's so much parity in the game today.
But back in those days, we'd go on a five-game road trip,
and we knew we could win four of those games
because we were playing teams that weren't very good, right?
And it just, there was five great teams out of 21,
10 good teams out of 21.
Now, even the 26th, 27th team, they're not as good as the top five,
but they're hard to play against, right?
Like Seattle is near the bottom, but they're hard to play against.
So it's changed in that sense.
And, yeah, there was times where  but on the other side of it also was
you got into this playoff mentality of,
okay, if we're going to win the Stanley Cup,
if we're going to go to that next level, here's how we have to play.
And so I think that mindset came into play for us at an early age,
and we were able to adapt to that and obviously became successful because of it.
I mean, we could probably spend an entire podcast just talking about Edmonton.
I guess to summarize it all, the four cups and the legendary teams,
what would you just say about your time there before it came to an end?
Well, it was incredible.
I was saying, first and foremost, when I was sitting on the bench I could look around the
stands and I would see the same people at every game and so when we go out on town and in those
days there wasn't cameras and cell phones and all that but we got out and we met all the people we
we became friends with the fans and you know like when we won the Stanley Cup, we were the first team to actually, I remember sitting there,
it was Glenn, we won the Cup, what do we do with the Cup?
And he goes, you guys won it, take it.
And that's how the Cup started going out.
Because in those days, the team would take the trophy up to the office
and set it down, and that's where it went.
And I remember standing there with young Joey Moss and my dad,
and Glenn said, you guys won the cup, take it.
So we took it.
Oh, yeah, all right.
We had a reunion, I don't know, 30, 20, 30-year reunion for charity,
and they sold out the arena, the Coliseum.
And we had the Stanley Cup, and we were doing this chatting and talking.
So I took the Stanley Cup, and I started to walk down the stairs
and they had taken the glass off the board. So it was just the boards, right? All the way around.
So people could actually see. And I remember right about the face off dot, I handed the guy
the Stanley Cup and I said, just pass it up and over. And the NHL, they were like, what are you
doing? I said, trust me. So the Edmonton people, they're passing the Stanley Cup up. They pass it up and over. In the NHL, they were like, what are you doing? I said, trust me. So the Edmonton people, they're passing the Stanley Cup up.
They pass it over, come all the way down, pass it over,
and we went all the way around the arena.
No way.
And I said, see, there's some people in Edmonton.
That's how nice they are.
They have too much respect for the game and the Cup.
Don't worry about it.
That Cup, it's kind of like a yo-yo.
It's going to come back.
And then on top of that, from the fans point of view on top
of that is the players themselves you know we talked about lee kevin lowe obviously was such
a huge part and so many hall of fame guys and then you know so many special players like mark
you know the thing about mark was you, and I tell this to kids often,
he was one of the first guys I played with that I can honestly say that if him and I walked out
after a game and I scored three goals, he was genuinely happier than I was. And you would think
that he got the three goals. So his unselfishness was so infectious through the locker room and throughout our
organization. And then we had characters, guys like Dave Lumley and Dave Semenko. You know,
Glenn wanted us to be our own person. He didn't try to mold people. He didn't try to change them.
And like I said, we had one rule, don't embarrass the organization. I remember guys, we used to
practice at 11 o'clock. guys would get to the arena quarter
to 11 and get on the ice and i'd be sitting there going oh my god and glenn would go as long as you're
on the ice by 11 i don't care whatever it takes to be out there by 11 and um and then you know
like i said he sometimes guys would be a little bit late, and I'd go, Glenn, what time's practice today? He goes, around 11.
We've won eight in a row.
Yeah, so he was very, he let the guys be themselves, right?
And one time Andy was late for practice, and slats was really hot that day, and we're skating around. We're all trying to hide, right, because so many guys out there were trying to think maybe he's going to miss Andy here.
We'll get away with this a little bit. maybe he's going to get here on time 15 minutes
later Andy jumps over the boards and Slots doesn't say anything we finish practice we go in the
locker room and after practice the trainers go Glenn wants to talk to you guys and Slots is up
against the wall and on the wall it says practice 10 to 11 so So he goes, Andy, where were you today?
What happened?
He goes, I thought practice was at 10 to 11, 10.50.
So Slotts has got a stick, and he's up against the wall,
and he's going like this, and he's hitting the wall.
He goes, what's the last thing that we do when we leave this locker room?
And Glenn Anderson says, say goodbye to the guys.
And Glenn just threw his hand up and said, I got nothing.
As long as you guys are winning, good for you guys.
So everybody, you know, and then it was such a diligent group
because Andy was one of the hardest practicing players we played with.
The mess, you know, you didn't want to practice against him
because he was like a bull out there.
Kevin Lowe, Bear Down.
It's just, they had the right group of kids
that loved playing in Edmonton.
And I say this all the time.
You got to love playing in Edmonton.
And we loved it.
Most of us lived there in the off season.
We had homes there.
That was our life.
That was our home.
And we all enjoyed it.
And going a little bit off the rails,
we were chatting about this earlier
but a legendary youtube clip and i don't i gotta hear the backstory but it's you pele bjorn borg
and uh sugar ray leonard i think it was and you dusted these guys in like a 40 yard dash what
was that games what was that event you were doing where was that in person oh my god you look you
look like usain bolt there So I was sitting at the world
championships in Finland and this guy comes over and he said, uh, Hey, I work with Bjorn Borg.
I'm sitting with my dad and one of my dad's friends, Charlie Henry, and it was a day off.
And, uh, we're at the world championships that year. And, uh, he said, Hey, I represent Bjorn
Borg and we're going to do this charity event, Swedish Superstars, six events.
It's going to be in an arena.
It's a charity dinner.
It's all for charity.
What do you want?
I go, what do you mean, what do I want?
He goes, okay.
He goes, I'll send you six Concord tickets.
I go, what tickets?
He goes, the Concord.
I go, okay.
So I'm thinking, all right, I'll take my dad and took Ace Bailey and his wife Kathy.
And I'm like, this is a great trip.
So we go over there.
And so they have all these different events, right?
I think there were six events.
And I'm looking at these events going, oh, gosh, I can't do that.
I can't do that.
I'm going to be bad at that.
And then I saw the 40-yard dash.
And I'm like, okay, I've got to win one event.
And so I think I took off before that gun went.
It looked like perfect timing.
I'm like, all right, this is the only event I'm going to.
As you can see, you don't see me in any other event
because I think I came probably last obstacle course.
I couldn't get over the wall.
I just got to it, and I ran around, and everybody started laughing.
I go, this is the offseason.
I don't need to be going over walls.
That's unbelievable.
Dutch Sugar, he had a late night the night before,
dusting him in a race.
Obviously, we've got to get to the trade, of course.
Now, the 30 for 30 documentary that your friend Peter Berg did,
King's Ransom, I thought it was one of the best ones.
Thank you.
And that was one of the first times I think you acknowledged
kind of sort of having a role in the trade.
I think a lot of people thought you just kind of was sitting there
when it happened. Like, when did L.A. first come up as a lot of people thought you just kind of was sitting there when it happened like when did LA first come up
as a destination how did you end up settling on getting to LA well let me back it up a little bit
first of all uh that year I probably played as good as I had played in the playoffs and that
that was the year we beat Boston with the the night the lights went out. Yeah, I know. Came back and won supposedly game five.
And so we're sitting there after the game.
I don't mean this to be egotistical, but when you win the fourth time,
you kind of like you're sitting there, you're so tired
that the celebration is a little bit different.
It's not as chaotic.
Like we were able to control it, like keep the room closed,
don't let him in, don't let them in.
So it's more family right family and friends right um and i remember sitting there and my dad and i'm
having a cold beer my dad says you know they're trying to trade you and i go who's they and who's
trading who and i go dad you just don't believe anything you hear and he goes no no I didn't want to tell you this and so we went home
there was an event I think at the convention center or something I can't remember exactly
all family and friends and we obviously were there late and my mom and dad were staying with me and
Janet and we get back to the apartment and those days there really was no cell phones right you had
a house phone and so on game days I just unplugged my house phone nobody could call me and uh I wouldn't get woken
up so I my mom was making scrambled eggs at about 6 a.m and we're sitting there my phone rings I'm
like who's calling me it's six o'clock and it was Nelson Scalbania um and I'm like oh my god Nelson
I figured well he's calling me to congratulate winning the cup
and he goes, how would you like to be a Vancouver Canuck?
I went, what?
I go, what are you talking about?
And he goes, no, no, they're going to,
Evanston's going to trade you.
I'm going to buy part of that team.
I'll pay you a salary and you can own 25 of the Vancouver Canucks.
I went, Nelson, I just finished hockey four hours ago, six hours ago.
I'm too tired.
I'll call you later.
And I hung up.
So I'm sitting with my dad sitting there.
I'm going, geez, maybe you're right.
So obviously, this whole thing sort of started to transpire.
And Peter called me and said, listen, you know, because I only had one year left on my deal.
And then I was an unrestricted free agent. And basically, we sat down and said, listen, you can trade me wherever you want,
but I'm not going to resign or I'm not going to sign up. So, you know, whatever they're giving
up to you is not going to be worth anything if I don't sign. And so we kind of got to a point where
I knew they're going to trade me, but I was able to control where I was going to get moved to.
And it came down to L.A., Detroit, New York, and Philly.
And then New York and Philly kind of went away,
and we had sat down and we decided I was going to Detroit.
And I remember sitting there going, okay, this is great.
I'm going to go play in Detroit.
I grew up a Red Wing fan and Gordie Howe and everything that goes with it.
And my dad called me and he said, listen, I'll give you a little bit of advice.
And I said, okay, what's that?
And he goes, there's only one Gordie Howe.
And Detroit's Detroit.
You don't need to go there.
Why don't you do something different and go to L.A.?
And so everybody thought sort of it was my wife that steered the
train but or the bus and but it was really my dad who said there's only one Gordie Howe you need to
go do something different so that's really how I ended up in LA I mean like I know we're running
long here we got to let you go soon but i had a whole hollywood uh list here just like playing
pickup basketball with shack uh andy warhol painting like he's an icon like if there was
like i i kind of wanted you to go into detail about how you ended up meeting him and how that
all came about because he's such a an icon they just came out with a a documentary oh i know i've
been watching it's unbelievable it's unbelievable actually Actually, his painting of Marilyn Monroe is going on auction tomorrow.
200 million, they said.
Well, that's good.
I got one.
Gretzky will be doing it.
The problem is it'll be worth more when I die.
I don't want to die yet.
No, but I met Andy.
I guess it was Andy.
Hey, maybe we could make some NFTs out of it, Wayne.
There you go.
Here comes Biz, the businessman.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, yeah.
Businessman.
Yeah, it was really intriguing.
I really didn't know who Andy Warhol was until I met him.
And I remember I went in this little office building and went up the stairs, the second floor, and he introduced himself.
And we ended up becoming pretty good friends.
He stood there and he took Polaroid pictures of me for about two hours
and he said, okay, I got it.
I had no idea what he was going to do, how he was going to do it.
Six months later, we were playing in New York
and we did this event at a restaurant bar where we unveiled it
and everybody went.
So I think there's, again, I'm not trying to be egotistical, but I think Leroy Neiman and
Andy Warhol only did four athletes that they both did. And I was one of the four. So that's a pretty
nice honor for me because I really liked both of them. Leroy was a good friend of mine also.
And yeah, you know, I always tell people, you know, love the game and have fun and for me everybody I met in my life
and everywhere I went everywhere I traveled is because of hockey I mean I got to meet the Pope
yeah Pope John Paul who's Polish and I'm like he's not meeting Wiengrzynski because I'm handsome
he's meeting because I was a hockey player. Thankfully, the Pope was an athlete. He was a soccer player. And the first
thing he asked me was, do you speak
Polish? And I'm sitting there going,
why didn't I learn from my grandmother?
So,
yeah, you know, the game of hockey,
it's the greatest game in the world. I encourage
parents and kids. I mean, love it.
I have meet Muhammad Ali
down here, being in the Rockstar
video with Nickelback.
I didn't realize that you were in the MC Hammer
Too Legit to Quit video as well.
I didn't even know that.
Oh, okay.
Well, maybe that was completely made up.
That was a long weekend he filmed that one.
I didn't know I was in it.
Okay, well, yeah.
Well, apparently that's what it said online.
So maybe that's a lie.
Or maybe they used a clip or something.
But my singing skills was only,
Janet directed me in the video I did for Nickelback guys,
but that was fun actually.
And then I guess the one funny story
about how you ended up getting on SNL.
And the reason I'm bringing all this up
is because fortunately you ended up going to LA
because I even said today,
if you don't end up there,
I bet you there's no team in Arizona.
I probably don't even get a chance to play in the NHL if it's not for you.
Well, I'll tell you this about L.A., and this is true.
When we went to L.A., I remember saying, okay, we've got to change the culture
or the sort of what people think of our game.
And so I got in a lot of trouble over this.
I came out and said we should ban fighting.
And the only reason I said it was at the time that if you ran into people in California or Texas or Florida at that point in time,
they'd say, oh, I can't go to a hockey game.
It's just all fighting and brawls. And so that was sort of the image. And so from my point of
view, I was saying, okay, we've got to change our image. It's an art to be a hockey player.
It's an art to take a hit. It's an art to get hit. It's a physical game. And so we started to
sort of preach that. And then we got really lucky. Michael Eisner became a huge hockey fan and he had a young son who loved hockey
and his young son wanted to play hockey. And the gist of the story was that Michael, after all
these games said, I want to own a hockey team. And so he, he said to me one night at dinner,
I'm going to do a movie, the mighty ducks, and I'm going to have an NHL team called the mighty
ducks. And I remember looking at him going, I know you're Disney and I know you've done well, but the Mighty Ducks in the NHL?
He goes, I'm telling you, it's going to be huge. So timing was everything, right? And so Michael
Eisner coming in and then a guy named Gordon Gund who owned Minnesota moved them to San Jose and
said, okay, I'm going to make hockey work here. And then Mario was in Pittsburgh and Brett Hall
was in St. Louis and Eisenman was in Detroit and Mark Messier went to New York. And so Mario was in Pittsburgh, and Brett Hall was in St. Louis, and Iserman was in Detroit, and Mark Messier went to New York.
And so there was just this perfect storm of not only these guys were great players,
but they had personalities, and they knew how to sell the game,
and people wanted to hear what they had to say.
And so the game just started growing.
So I was one piece of it, but everybody had a hand in that,
and that's what's great about our sport.
Did you ever feel like you were carrying the game, not just the L.A. market,
but were you cognizant, okay, man, this could lead to future franchises in these spots?
Were you aware that that might be a possibility?
No, I didn't really think that much, although I will tell you this.
I had a clause in my contract that if there was an NHL team within,
I can't remember 300 miles of LA
that I got a piece of it or I got a compensation for it and I waived it when the Ducks came in the
NHL I said to Bruce McNall I said you know I'm not going to do that that's but I did have it in my
car I don't even know why in those days you put anything in your contract right yeah it was the
wild wild it was the wild wild west back then um so no
you know i never thought that way because uh bobby orin gordy who i idolized both of them are and
bobby hall that would always say hey there's not one guy bigger than the game the game is the game
no nobody's bigger than the game so i never felt just that total responsibility. But as a collective group, you know, like Messier and Eisenman and
Lemieux and so on, Holly, we all understood where we fit and what we had to do to try to even take
the game to another level. I remember one all-star game in Philly, Holly said to me,
okay, we're not going to wear helmets in this game. I go, Holly, I don't wear a helmet anyway.
Do you see my helmet? He goes, no, no, we're not wearing helmets. This will be good for NHL.
So Holly played the whole game with no helmet.
I said, I'm not taking my helmet off.
I'm going to wear that thing.
And I don't need my dad coming down and yelling at me.
I don't need my dad yelling at me, right?
We've taken a lot of your time.
Thank you, Wayne.
Yeah, I know these long sit-downs can get even longer.
Whit, if you've got one more maybe and then
hopefully we make a rule here uh the amount of years that we spend together at tnt maybe each
year we can get you for one hour oh yeah i'm fine with that you know that's fair my my dad my wife
says that i'm like a garbage can you step on my foot my mouth open so i don't get a chance to talk
at tnt vizcar yeah exactly he's the show show. Hey, that was actually in my notes here.
I said, we're going to do things a little different,
and I'm going to keep it short and sweet, completely unlike TNT.
No, no, that's okay.
But are we going to talk about my lacrosse team at all?
Yes.
So that was the last thing that we needed to bring up.
We wanted to drop the team name and drop the news at the end.
Oh, we got a team name?
Oh, I thought we did.
I don't know.
You mentioned how important it was in your development,
and once hockey would end, you would play lacrosse and baseball in the offseason.
And you had the opportunity to be part owner in a Vegas lacrosse team.
They have not announced the name.
We're going to announce it right now.
Oh, we are.
I'm dying to know what the name is.
Yeah.
You know before I do.
Come on.
And I paid.
See, this whole job with you biz is getting worse. So you own the team with Steve Nash.
Dustin Johnson's also a part owner.
Any other names that we should-
Joe Sy.
So Joe Sy, when Joe Sy calls, you take the call, right?
He's a wonderful man, and he owns the Brooklyn Nets.
Loves lacrosse.
Grew up playing a little bit of lacrosse.
I think at college he played.
And he has a passion for the sport.
And he called me and I said, absolutely.
He really has a belief that this sport is going to sort of be like soccer
and that we can take it to the next level nationally in Canada and U.S.
It's a great game.
It's a wonderful sport.
And I'm so proud to be partners with Joe.
And Dustin and i and steve
are gonna have fun um i'm not sure i think next year is our first game i honestly don't know the
name of the team you know before i do what do we got so it's ironic because this is how i refer to
the coyotes sometimes it's going to be called the las vegas desert dogs oh i love that name
are they going to send you guys a bunch of stuff you can come in and be like our vince mcmahon in that name? The Desert Dogs. Oh, oh, oh. Can I be your hype man?
Are they going to send you guys a bunch of stuff?
You can come in and be like our Vince McMahon in between periods.
I'll be sold, Wayne.
I'll do anything you ask as long as we get that one hour every year.
It's good.
Well, I'm glad I got to do this.
I'll tell you one final real quick story when I started talking to TNT about coming
on TV. And I was like oh okay my kids
were like dad you got to do it and then finally I said okay I think I'm gonna do it and my kids
were like okay you got to get Paul Bissonette on that show yes come on yes oh yeah so I said okay
okay so I called them they go we already have them hired as I told my boys I said that's awesome
Paul's already been hired and my two boys were like, Dad, he's going to revolutionize hockey and TV.
So there you go.
Wow, what a compliment.
You guys and talk and Ace is doing great.
Yeah, it's fun.
It's a pleasure to meet you, and thank you so much for coming on.
It's a true honor.
I'm so happy to be here, and Biz, you can have mine.
I thought it was going to be the Las Vegas Waynos.
I was going to go with Las Vegas Waynos. I was going to go with Las Vegas
Waynos, Mr. Wanderful.
Thank you so
much for this. The fans are going to love this.
It's been an honor, my friend. Thank you.
Well, we can't thank Wayne Gretzky enough for being
so generous with his time down in Atlanta.
Biz, obviously you were instrumental in
hooking this up as were Ty and Trev and his
boys, so just a huge thrill, a huge honor and hopefully everybody enjoyed the interview, Paul. up as were Ty and Trev, his boys. So just a huge thrill, a huge honor.
And hopefully everybody enjoyed the interview, Paul.
I mean, Ty and Trev were the first Gretzky's I ever met.
They've always been so kind to me.
And we've remained friends throughout the years.
And then finally, they get to work with their father and for him to give us an hour of his time.
Guys, he has everyone in the world pulling them in different directions.
And the fact that he was able to give us just over an hour of his time
and then also bring the noise and the heat as he did with all these unreal backstories
that I had no clue.
I had no clue that Wayne Gretzky was almost a Detroit Red Wing.
That would have been fucking wild.
And how about Walter calling it off and say,
why don't you go grow the game down in California?
And fuck, did he ever.
Three teams there now.
So, Wayne, thanks for everything.
Trevor, Ty, you as well.
And Wayne, he even got to celebrate Paulina's wedding
over the weekend with being serenaded by Kid Rock.
Her and DJ were up there.
My name is Kid.
No, they didn't do Ba with the Ba.
He was doing
Ba with the Ba.
Ba with the Ba.
That's what,
did you say that was my theme song?
Did I?
At some point.
I think there was an insult
throughout the years.
But thank you to him.
And also, folks,
check him out
on his social handles as well.
He's on Instagram.
He's on Twitter.
And they do the
Gretzky Hockey School as well that is run by trevor so uh or ty excuse me ty runs it so thank
you again to wayne gretzky folks we hope you enjoyed and as promised as long as i can keep
it on the rails and keep this tnt job he's down for one hour every year one a year we get him
that's huge and the ac we had to turn the AC in the Four Seasons room off,
so it was getting a little hot in there.
So I was a little nervous.
We were extending our time, but thankfully we didn't overdo it,
and he agreed to come back on.
So we're pumped, and as I said, I hope you guys enjoyed.
And also to you guys, I said it during the interview.
I believe I said it during the interview, or maybe the podcast when we recorded it.
You did. You did.
Yeah.
The reason I ended up getting the TNT job is through the help of you guys
and the podcast that you guys set up.
And, you know, it's been a whirlwind.
So to all the fans and, of course, you guys, thank you for your support.
And that's a huge reason reason if not the only reason
as to why we got the white whale and uh once again we get them once a year for an hour though
before r.a told them oats he was a better disher than him so we got to make sure that that still
stands because that is nobody gave a fuck when i said it before no one said that and i said
the gretzky and everyone's got to stroke him off i can't believe you said it before i said it 10
times first time you ever said that to me I almost had a fucking aneurysm.
I'll guarantee you that.
So don't act like I was just like, yeah, I agree with you.
OT was better than G, man.
No way.
I don't remember getting too much resistance anyway.
That's because you don't remember yesterday.
Fuck you, pay me.
Well, either way, Biz, it was a true honor to interview him a career highlight and
we were thrilled we're going to do it again and we do need to let you know that his interview was
also brought to you by our friends at blue nile mother's day is quickly approaching whether you're
shopping for a statement piece or an everyday simple item blue dial has fine jewelry options
for every mom shop high quality classic diamond earrings,
elegant tennis bracelets, or gemstone pendant necklaces.
I got a couple of these pieces from my old lady, man.
I'm telling you, these pieces are unreal.
I'm not much of a nice guy, a diamond guy,
but these pieces are stunning.
If you deal with Blue Nile, if you buy them off them,
you will be satisfied.
This stuff is awesome.
It's guaranteed.
They will help you if you're not too familiar with jewelry.
It's great stuff.
I can tell you how gorgeous it is, how customer-friendly these people are.
So celebrate with a special woman in your life, whether it's your wife, your girlfriend,
your mother, your mother-in-law, a grandmother, with BlueNile.com.
This Mother's Day, give mom something she'll treasure forever with fine jewelry from BlueNile.com
and spitting chiclets listeners get 50 off 500 with the code chiclets
this podcast exclusive is good only through mother's day so use the code chiclets one more
time that's code chiclets every order is insured ships free and arrives in discreet packaging that
won't give away what's inside shop stress-free and find your forever peace. Go to BlueNile.com today.
All right, gang, moving right along.
The Masterson.
Hey, you should hit up Blue Nile about getting your earring
for when the Oilers get bounced by the LA Kings in the first round.
Biz, I have never been more confident in my life
that you'll be shaving the top of your head
and looking like a complete moron on TNT.
Because we got the Kings,
who I have all the confidence in the world we can beat,
and you have the Predators.
And I don't think you're going to beat them.
I really don't.
And even if we lose, you're probably going to lose.
And even if we win, and then you win,
oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, that brings it.
That brings something up.
So apparently I have no clue what I'm talking about,
which isn't that much of a surprise if you've listened to this show.
And Edmonton and Calgary would play each other.
I still have no idea how the playoff seedings work.
Because what if Colorado were to lose to Dallas?
That's what makes no sense to me.
How would then Calgary play Edmonton if Calgary would then be the top seed?
That's what I don't understand.
I think what happens is Dallas now joins the Central as part of the Central
because that's where the wild card ended up going to play.
So Nashville would then be in the Pacific.
Wait.
What?
That's what I'm saying.
Why would Nashville go to the Pacific?
If Nashville's the seventh seed, they'll play Calgary, right?
Correct.
They get inserted into the Pacific, so they just stay in that bracket.
Okay, all right.
So I had no idea.
So we'll also dive into that a little bit after we talk about one of our
first-round matchups.
Unless we're getting into L.A. Edmonton right now.
No, not yet.
We do have to talk about the Masterson nominees.
They were announced, I believe, Monday.
Pal Kevin Hayes was Philly's nominee. In case you're not familiar, each team nominates one player from the team.
I don't know.
What's the complete list? Not the list. What's the team and it's you know i don't the what's the uh the complete list not
not the list what's the the the criteria for it it's you know it's about sportsmanship dedication
to the game and often it's going people have been through some stuff possibly i saw tyler say again
with all his injuries and surgeries he's the nominee for dallas so yeah i think it it basically
goes to guys or guys get recommended for it that have been through a lot and had somewhat of a challenging season or past few years based on health and a million other things, really.
Perseverance is the word that you're looking for.
Yeah, not a big deal.
And my Akalpa was the other one you were looking for.
What did I say?
Me Akalpa?
Oh, I don't know if that's how you pronounce it. Then I fucked it up. But back to your Battle of Alberta, potentially in the second round,
with the fact that they do not restack.
They stay in the division.
Well, just the fact that nobody has a clue.
Yeah, we're going to go into some ideas we have for maybe possible
playoff restructuring.
But in terms of the Masters and the trophy,
I just wanted to shout out Kevin Hayes quick, which, you know,
everyone knows he's a great friend of the show.
He's always a really close friend of mine.
And it's just been such a tough year.
And losing Jimmy and the whole family, I'm thinking of them quite often.
And it's been so tough for them.
And then also, as Kevin looked towards kind of trying to, you know, regain some sense of normalcy after losing his brother, right?
Then he's been dealing with all these injuries.
He had all these different surgeries.
And there was a time, actually, right after we recorded one time, we were on the phone for about a half hour. And he kind of told me like, I don't know if I'm ever
going to feel right again. Like it was the point where, you know, one surgery didn't work, another
surgery didn't work. And it's, so you've, you've gone through this awful heartbreak of losing your
best friend. And then you get back to hockey, which is something that possibly can take your mind off of what's going on
with your family and in your personal life.
And he feels like he's losing that.
And so I just felt so I was,
I was kind of emotional after I talked to him because I love the kids so
much and thank God that he is now back to full health and his season since
he's been healthy has been outstanding.
It's been the best player on the flyers the last month and a half, two months.
Even yesterday or Sunday, they beat Pittsburgh.
He got an assist on an empty netter, but he got it and just took off
and kind of blew away from the guys who were kind of back-checking on Pittsburgh,
where you're able to tell he's back.
And so for him to be able to you know get through the the shock of losing jimmy and and and
what everyone that that jimmy meant so much to has been dealing with but nobody as close to him as
kevin and then dealing with the possibility of thinking you'll never be the same on the ice
he is so worthy of winning this winning this award and and no doubt at least being nominated so i
wanted to shout out a guy who's been through a lot more than probably most people in the NHL this season.
Off the ice and on the ice.
And I'm really happy for him that even with a tough season in Philly, he's finally feeling healthy and strong.
And the same player that he once was.
Here, here.
Yeah.
I just wanted to mention that.
Well said, buddy.
Well said, Whit.
A couple other names I wanted to mention.
Big Z for the Islanders.
Jack Eichel for Vegas. Brian Boyle for the Penguins. He won it back in 2018 as a Devil. Gary Price for the Canadians, Getzlaff for Anaheim, Jack Johnson for Colorado, Nicholas Baxman for the Caps, Chris Russell at Edmonton, Kyle Agposo in Buffalo, Mark Stahl in Detroit.
around for a while and they kind of you know recognizing that but i kind of got a kick out of these ones though a couple guys who made a trade request uh then had a real good year and
instead of getting traded they ended up landing on this list uh vladimir tarasenko and jake
debrusk i mean i guess it's a good thing because that means there were other guys in the team that
didn't go through calamitous shit where they would have gotten nominated you know so i guess it's a
little a little bit of adversity but i couldn't help but kind of chuckle like these guys asked
for a trade didn't get it, had awesome years.
And, you know, I guess there's some sort of
I mean, Tarasenko, I think he's leading their team in scoring right now.
So I'd say definitely a bounce-back year for him.
No, absolutely.
So I'm going to pop in and check on a couple other teams.
We did mention Dallas a little while back.
They have, let's see, 87 chance of getting in the playoffs.
So, obviously, if they take care of Vegas tonight, they should be all set.
But I don't know if they're built for the long haul,
which is 14 goals their last seven games.
This stat was crazy.
The line of Robertson, Hintz, and Pavelski have scored more than 45
of the Stars' goals this season.
They have 102 combined goals.
The other 17 forwards on the team right now have 96 goals.
Like, that's insane.
Like, fucking 102 goals for three guys and then 96 from the other 17.
They closed, like I said, three games, Vegas, Arizona, Anaheim.
So we'll see what happens there.
Nashville, they picked up a point.
Sunday's OT loss to the Wild.
They're still in the number one wildcard spot, 94 points.
Money Puck has them at 98.2 to make the playoffs.
They have Calgary, Colorado, Arizona to close out the season.
And shout out to Roman Yossi,
the first D-man to hit 90 points in a season since Raybork way back in 1994
and just the ninth ever to do it.
And also props to Matt Duchesne,
became the first Predator to score 40 goals in a season as well.
And then Forsberg did as well.
I think Forsberg got 40 yesterday for himself.
Only nine players in NHL history, or defensemen, excuse me,
have reached the 90-point plateau.
Only nine?
Wait, do you have the list with you?
I don't have it with me.
Oh, I think I could name this.
Yeah, get it pretty quick.
Yeah, I don't want it.
Bobby Orr, Paul Coffey.
Yossi.
Bork.
Yossi.
Bork.
Leach.
Larry Murphy's probably on there.
No.
No.
I would say no.
Did Zubov get 90?
I would say  all right, so we have five, right?
Do we have five or six?
Yossi was the ninth ever, so we just said Bork.
No, I know, but we named five or six.
I don't know.
Holy fuck.
Why can't we do anything?
We have Yossi, Leach or Bork.
Who else did we just say?
I said Zubov.
I don't know if that's true, though.
We already named six.
Now I can only name four.
We said Larry Murphy or I said I said I don't think he did, but maybe he did.
Coffee. Did I say coffee? Maybe think he did, but maybe he did. Coffee.
Did I say coffee?
Maybe not.
Maybe we should just pull it about.
What about Denny Pothin?
Did he ever get 90 points?
Look, he did.
He did get 90 points in the year 1975, 1976.
He had 98 points.
OK, that's seven.
Oh, he actually also had 101 points in the 78-79
season as well
maybe Zubov because he was on that team with Leach
maybe Zubov
can you look up Zubov? No? Never did?
No, Zubov got
89 in 93
what two defensemen are we
missing guys? I don't know if you guys
are going to get this one
I don't know
do we say McInnes?
Like there's no way we would get it, G?
Give us the team.
Most played games with.
Before my time.
Calgary.
Calgary.
Calgary.
Oh, Phil Housley must have.
Phil Housley must have.
No.
Gary Suter?
No, actually, Housley did.
Gary Suter. Oh, yeah, Housley did, but Gary Suter. Yeah. Actually, no. Housley did.
Gary Suter.
Oh, yeah.
Housley did.
But Gary Suter was the one I was talking about. There you go.
Thanks, guys.
Thanks for coming out.
Suter was the other one.
You carried the weight on that.
Great job, Ari.
That was a really smooth flowing, nice little segment we just did in classic
chicklet style, screaming at each other and basically had to ruin the entire
thing before we got it right.
It's funny. Sometimes if there's three of them,
I would have wrote them down, but there were nine fucking names.
I'm like, why write them down?
Why do that?
What else we got, Ari?
The Canes and the Rangers.
Still battling over the Metro.
Carolina won their pair of games over the weekend.
Rangers lost to the Bruins on Saturday.
So the Canes are in the driver's seat right now,
but they do got a big game in Madison Square Garden.
If the Rangers win that, they could still steal the division.
So we'll see what happens there.
Pretty cool scene the other day, too.
Charlie McEvoy playing the Rangers.
His sister Kayla doing an internship with the Rangers.
She was behind the bench.
They let her come up for the Boston game.
So went over, gave a little fist bump.
Pretty cool stuff, you know, helping out the old assist a little bit.
And also during the game,
did you see McAvoy bury his boy, Adam Fox,
in the little skirmish in the corner?
He's been throwing some lethal hits this year.
McAvoy kills people.
Yeah, he has.
But just going back to Carolina,
Freddie Anderson,
who possibly could have been up for the Vesna trophy,
maybe he still will be,
is injured.
And all of a sudden, luckily, we have Antti Ranta.
Boom, Ranta gets injured.
So now there is a complete panic in Canes land.
The Caniacs are looking at maybe a start to the playoff
without either one of their goalies.
It's so unfortunate.
Anytime Ranta ends up getting the starting role,
he can't go longer than a couple weeks, man.
Something ends up going.
And it's happened
with the coyotes all those years i feel bad for him i just don't know if it's something like
structurally wrong where all of a sudden where he's getting too much of the workload and and to
go back and allude to your point earlier like you you mentioned leonard being kind of that good
tandem type goaltender same thing with rots if not maybe like a maybe taking about you know 35 percent of
the workload and you know and and maybe jumping in a little bit more than a traditional backup
would so uh as you said wit i'm i'm with you man if you you lose both of those guys going into
playoffs and i would imagine freddie anderson if he does come back it's not going to be more than
maybe one or two games before playoff. Are they saying that he might
come back before the playoff starts, R.A.?
I haven't read that. Yeah, I haven't
seen an update that he's going to be back. And I know they
started this role, I guess
a rookie the other day. They brought up, his name
escapes me, the kid who was first out the other day.
But yeah, they're in a tough position right now.
Two goalies, healthy all year, and then
fucking right before the playoffs, they go in tits up.
So we'll see what happens there.
Calgary beat Dallas 4-2 Thursday to wrap up the Pacific.
Then they spanked Vancouver 6-3 Saturday to pretty much put an end
to the Canucks season.
Flamed 9-1-1 their last 11.
They're going to play the wild card number one team, currently Nashville.
Matthew Kachuk notched his 40th goal and 100th point versus the Stars.
He's the first flame to pot 40 since Jerome McGinley.
And just the third season in NHL history to have at least three U.S.-born players to record 100 points.
Obviously, Goudreau, Matthews, and now Matty Kachuk.
Back in 92, Stevens, Roenick, and Leach did it.
And then 93, LaFontaine, Stevens, Roenick, and Gianni did it.
And then Johnny Huckey had two points versus the Canucks and is now tied with Kevin Stevens stevens for the third most points in a season by a u.s born player with 111 i don't know if he's
going to catch arty's 123 points which he also did for number two and pat lafontaine at 148 back in
93 i don't think he's going to get that uh and also uh elias lindholm became the second flame
since charlton began with a score of 40 the other night as well. So guys are just lighting it up.
It's been like point night pretty much every night for some of these teams.
The Panthers, man, rolling right along.
Can I talk on Calgary quick?
Go ahead, yeah.
I agree with you, Whit.
The first-round matchup as it stands right now,
which would be Nashville, does scare me a little bit.
Not great travel.
Very difficult, humid building to play in.
The ice isn't that great a
great home building for them so if you get the split on the road oh man i'm i'm i'm definitely
agreeing with you being i'm a little bit nervous and the other thing i wanted to touch on was johnny
goudreau's plus minus he's fuck i think he's over 70 now and i had a little nugget based on career plus minus who's got the highest plus minus ever
in nhl history uh season well you know i'm gonna ever like just all total with pluses lidstrom
bobby all right no larry robinson he played in just under 1400 games he was plus 722 in his career. Dude, I must have been.
Minus 722.
I must have been at least minus 100.
Can you look that up?
Gee, is that on like somewhere you could see?
I mean, I still might have taken more empty net minuses in one year in Edmonton.
I never got to be on the ice when we were up a goal because that happened three times a year.
And every time we were down a goal, I was on the ice trying to tie it up.
I must have got 15 empty net minuses that season, not to make excuses.
So the record in a season is Bob Eeyore at a plus 124.
And Larry Robinson is second for the record at 120.
And, of course, our boy Wano on the list at a plus 100 in a calendar season.
So very impressive.
And Ryan Whitney is minus 30.
Overall, ever?
That's not too bad.
Career minus 30.
What was my worst season?
Is it not up there?
No, I can pull that up right now.
Your worst season would have been 2011, 2012.
You were minus 16.
Okay, so the rest of the year is minus 14 combined. I'll take that for being a liability. Then 2011, 2012, you were minus 16.
Okay, so the rest of the year is minus 14 combined.
I'll take that for being a liability.
That's not that bad.
Thanks, guys.
All right.
The Panthers, they clinched it. They keep setting a shitload of team records.
Thursday's 5-2 win over Detroit gave them the Atlantic Division
in home ice through at least the first three rounds.
Then their 3-2 overtime victory over Toronto Saturday gave them 120 points and a four-point lead over Colorado
for the President's Trophy.
People are pretty much handing the avalanche this about a month ago,
but you win 13 games in a row.
All of a sudden, you're in first place.
Let's see.
They've won 57 games, only six teams in history have won more.
They also won an NHL record 13 overtime games.
Obviously, it obviously a little
different these days with the three on three in their 13th straight win gave them two home winning
streaks of at least 10 games this season just the third time that's ever happened in nhl history
uh they've been scoring at a crazy clip 325 goals is the most since 1996 uh pittsburgh colorado
detroit scored a shitload back then what else they do here all
right there's a little bonus too for the president's trophy so these guys are playing for something
what's the like what's they split it amongst the team or is it yeah there's i think i think each
guy gets like between 50 and 100 grand what have you ever i think that there's definitely a league
bonus for if you win the president i didn't think it'd be that's more than a league bonus for if you win the president. I didn't think it'd be.
That's more than like you make it.
If you make it a couple rounds in the playoffs, each guy's get, or at least back when we played.
Yeah.
It sounds like a cash bonus of 350,000 is awarded to the team that wins the president's trophy.
Oh, so maybe a little less than 50 to 25 grand or 50 to 75 grand.
Yeah, probably 10 grand a guy around right around there. 20. I mean,000 to 25,000. Or 50,000 to 75,000. Yeah, probably 10,000 a guy around, right around there.
No, 20,000.
I mean, closer to 20,000.
There's 23 guys in the roster.
20,000 before 130,000.
How's this math?
Did I just make that up already?
I wasn't even listening to the math.
The numbers.
I was getting my next note teed up
when you were doing math, man.
I'm terrible with it, so I would have butchered it anyway.
How about me lying and saying it was 50 to 75?
Yeah, I mean, you just completely...
That was the biggest liabetic, liabetes move.
I lied about Goudreau's plus minus.
It's actually only 61 right now.
He's actually plus seven.
Hey, the Panthers, speaking of the Panthers, who I said I'm not very afraid of,
I'm kind of starting to eat my words on that.
I think they're, what are they, 17-1 since Ekblad got hurt?
So, I mean, shout out them being able to battle without their best defense.
I think Sherratt made a huge difference.
Wieger is awesome.
I don't know if they're going to be able to pay him when his contract's up
because he is sick.
He is fun to watch.
He's physical.
He's great offensively.
Their team, I mean, just give me Tampa and Florida in the second round,
which one thing is great.
It means Toronto loses in the first round, which would be fabulous.
And the second thing was just to reignite that rivalry that we got to witness
in the first round last year.
We saw last night or Sunday Bennett and Sergeyev.
Bennett kind of beat the wheels off him.
And just the overall hatred between those two teams.
If we could get another playoff matchup with those two in the second round as opposed to the first, it would be so good.
It would be must watch TV.
And I'm really rooting for that to happen.
I mean, Tampa put the boots to them
last night, but at some point,
I think Florida's winning streak was going to have to end.
Yeah, that hate came
quick last year, so hopefully we do get it again.
The more they play, the more they hate, the better hockey.
Like I was saying, Florida, 4.16
goals per game. That's the highest
in 26 years since the
96 Penguins, and since
Claude Giroux arrived, the Panthers are 15-2,
and Giroux has three goals, 19 assists,
fitting in there pretty nice and well.
The only players in team history that have scored more points in a season
than Sam Reinhardt this season, Huberdeau, Bakov, Bure, and Jokinen.
That's how good of a year he's having.
79 points in 76 games played.
That's that jumped out at me, man.
Imagine that, 44 guys in the history of the team.
What points?
Well, they've been around for what?
Like 30 years?
And they've been horrendous for like 25 of them.
So it's not that shocking.
Still a feather in his hat.
It's a great year by Reinhardt, though.
It's a hell of a season.
And that team is loaded up front.
So if they do get goaltending and Ekblad comes back,
they probably could go on a run.
I just got to see it before I believe it.
You know what I'm saying, Busy?
I agree with you, bud.
All right.
Playoffs obviously start next week.
We know of two series.
Well, St. Louis and Minnesota are definitely playing,
and L.A. and Edmonton, it's going to take a miracle for it not to happen.
So we're going to do those two previews right now,
and then we're going to do the rest of them next week when everything is settled.
So Minnesota versus St. Louis, man.
This is going to be an unreal series.
It's officially locked in.
They're still going to determine home ice.
We'll know that later this week.
This is probably the most evenly matched series.
Even if you pulled other teams out, these teams both have 109 points.
Wild do have a game in
hand probably the two hottest teams in hockey uh the blues 14 0 and 2 in their last 16 wild 19 2
and 4 in their last 25 uh two red hot squads and it's unfortunate where we've been talking about it
one of these teams is going to have to go home in the first round and they're going to feel like a
failure but it's not necessarily the case but i don't know man who do you they're going to feel like a failure, but it's not necessarily the case. But I don't know, man.
Who do you think is going to win this one?
I don't think the fans deserve the fact that these two teams
are meeting in the first round because they've had these
unbelievable 82-game seasons in which they've rallied
and put these fucking runs together right before playoffs,
one of which is not even going to get home ice advantage,
which is nuts.
And, Witt, I'm going to throw it to you right now.
I would lean towards whoever gets home ice advantage wins the series.
I'm going to just read this before I go into kind of my opinions here.
The Minnesota Wild are 15-1-3 since they got flurry.
They're playing the Blues in the first round.
The two teams combined since March 21st are 33 and 5 30 wins
three losses and five overtime losses the fact that these two have to play in the first round
i said it last podcast is so unfair for the fan base who loses because both of these teams could
realistically go on a run and win the stan Cup. No doubt about it in my mind.
I'm picking the Blues.
Really?
I'm picking the Blues.
I love Bill Guerin.
I love Wild fans.
This is a tough series for me because I love both of these fan bases.
I love both of these teams.
I'm picking the Blues.
And the one thing I'm saying, my Ryan Whitney guarantee,
is this goes seven games.
So what's going to happen is Minnesota might sweep them now.
But nonetheless, it is going seven games, and I'm on the Blues.
And the reason I'm on the Blues is depth down the middle, okay?
I look at O'Reilly.
I look at Thomas.
I just  the centers that the Blues play, okay,
every single night you can get great all-around play from all of them,
and that is not saying that you can't in Minnesota,
but O'Reilly, Thomas, and then Bozak.
Kairou's playing with Bozak and Barbashev right now.
It's like that is the third line technically when you look at the listing.
Tarasenko, Thomas, and Bucvich is their best line, I think.
But then the way Perron plays with O'Reilly, who in the playoffs is a complete beast.
And then Brandon Saad, who's won Stanley Cups.
It's Saad, excuse me.
I shouldn't have said Saad.
The forward depth up front is so good.
While I look at through the middle and winning games, and I actually lean towards Talbot and Flores, a little stronger goaltending. But just knowing the fact that even though Binnington may not start,
the fact that they can go to him, they can go to a Stanley Cup winner
who's proven himself in the playoffs, it has me leaning St. Louis.
This is so difficult to pick.
There are so many different factors that play into this.
And, Biz, you're 100 right because it's going seven games,
so that seventh game, whoever has home ice has a distinct advantage.
But the fact that they're both playing more than anything bums me out.
I do think it'll be one of the best first-round matchups we've ever seen.
I think it's a mirror.
Both teams look at each other.
They see the exact same thing.
Maybe Minnesota's a little bigger up front.
And I don't think there's a defenseman as good as Jared Spurgeon on St. Louis' side.
But I just look at
the three centers and I look at how the season's gone and how St. Louis has played I know Minnesota's
played great lately and as the Blues have but the Blues in person when I watched them beat up the
Bruins a few weeks back it just kind of leans towards this is the same type of team that won
the Stanley Cup and I know there's no Petrang, but the depth up front and the goaltending,
it's a difficult decision.
I'll be happy either way, but I'm on the Blues.
What a breakdown there.
A little round of applause for you.
I don't got much to clean up on,
and I agree with a lot of your saying,
other than the fact that I think that Mini's going to win.
Okay.
They got a few more game breakers to a different level Kaprizov
being that x factor uh but as far as you mentioned it's depth up front um I want to say St. Louis has
820 goal scores Minnesota has six but Minnesota has 230 goal scores or excuse me 330 goal scores
so they have some guys who are as I said a little bit more able to elevate and, and, and kind of, uh, put the team on their back, so to speak. So the game
breakers are the biggest difference for me. I agree with you though. Then when you got that top
line and then O'Reilly's just got the shutdown duties, it's not looking good for many, but
you mentioned the physicality. I think that Minnesota is a little bit bigger,
and they got to go in with that mentality.
They got to go in with the mentality.
They got to run them through the wall and try to run them out of the building.
I think that, yeah, Kaprizov's the best player in the series, say,
but if you can shut down Zuccarello, Kaprizov, and the Hartman line,
you know, Frederick Goudreau's not playing on the top three lines in St. Louis.
He's the second-line center, right, with Fiala.
So it's like I think if you're able to shut down the top line in Minnesota,
which O'Reilly, how are you going to bet against him not being able to do that?
Then it takes over the Thomas line, and then Bozak and Kyrou.
And it's like the depth up front, I think,
is what's going to win this series.
I'm with you.
I've said seven games.
I'll be happy for either team.
But because of the top nine in St. Louis,
I'm going with them.
Fair enough.
And then as far as Fiala, R.A., before you hop in here.
What a season.
I know that Dimitri filipovic great follow on
twitter he's always got these guys stat lines out but fiala he's had a great end of the season last
10 games 10 goals 13 assists 11 of them primary assists uh 15 five uh five on five points 66 shot
attempts so he's been a beast down the stretch and as i said he's kind of the he's one of those
guys that if he can continue to elevate offensively it's going to be a pain in the ass for that blues
back end and i don't know maybe huso doesn't have the best first game then all of a sudden you have
a goalie controversy biz you like many and how many biz did you say i'll take many and seven
many and i agree with where
it's going the distance this is going to be uh this is going to be one of those old school boxing
fights that you talk about already four kings oh there you go i watched that one ah so good um
yeah minnesota obviously super hungry this is the year they gotta go for it they're gonna get
whacked at all that cap recapture shit for the buyouts last year. St. Louis wanted
a couple years ago, not to say they're not hungry, but Minnesota
hasn't been here. They haven't been this far. I think
they have cup aspirations.
I think they're a little bit of a better team.
Capri's off, like you just said. Unreal
game breaker. And I'd give them a slight nod
in the net as well.
Talbot's been unreal since they got Fleury.
Fleury right now is, I guess, the backup.
I like Minnesota in this series.
I'm going to go Minnesota in six.
Love it.
Welcome aboard, R.A.
G, what do you got for us, G?
I'm not typically an X's and O's type guy, so I'm a loyalty guy.
Bill Guerin welcomed us into his home, fed me a nice steak,
so I got the wild in seven.
You guys are pussies.
I knew you guys are all afraid of billy g who
i'm probably a little afraid of as well but i have to stick to my guns here and i can't let something
like showing us his lego castle affect my decision on who i think is going to win this series but
i'll say billy i'll be very happy if you guys win so one underlying issue that we can go into a
little bit more is this playoff structure.
Have we,
you guys want to take a little bit of a deeper dive?
It needs a change.
Liam McHugh ended up bringing up a point of maybe introducing that play in
because the NBA has done it.
We've seen it in baseball before.
Of course we have the wild card games with the NFL.
I am more of a traditionalist.
I like the conferences.
I like one through eight.
Fuck off with this play-in nonsense.
Could you imagine this year in the East
if there was a play-in between seven and ten?
Fuck no.
Washington is the clear, that and up
are the clear teams that should be in playoffs.
They all have 100 points.
Yeah, enough with that other nonsense
of these teams getting the chance of
the way it would work now or at least how it works in the NBA
if they incorporated the same mentality would be that 9 and 10 play
and the winner of that play the loser of 7 and 8.
So the team who finished 7th or 8th, if you lose your first playoff game,
you still have the opportunity to get into playoffs,
but you got to play another one game elimination against nine and 10 or the
winner of nine and 10,
excuse me.
I just think for having to go through a grueling 82 game schedule,
if you're the Washington capitals and you put up over a hundred points,
now all of a sudden you got to play like the Islanders or,
or who like,
I think Columbus might be in that 10th seed. I just think that, that it's complete nonsense. up over 100 points now all of a sudden you got to play like the islanders or or who like columbus
might be in that 10th seed i just think that that it's complete nonsense i don't see a reason for it
they do say that it maybe ignites um you know more of these rivalries and more of these fan
bases being engaged and being more entertained by the by the start of playoffs, and it still does give the top teams rest
because they will have that three, four days
before playoffs would actually begin
before they reseed everyone after the play-in.
I still think that's bullshit.
No need for it.
Now, you guys tweeted,
or tweeted, texted the group chat
where you like the 1-16.
I think the league has to go to 1- but quickly about the plan it's a pretty like this year your arguments validated
by how much better the top eight in the east are but any other season it's like you can't really
argue like oh i don't even really agree with the playing game
but if one team lost out by one point it's like all right well you played 82 games it was one
point and the play-in game would create the entire hockey world walk watching a one game playoff
the night before the playoff starter a couple nights before the playoff start so I don't well
I don't agree with it I also would be pretty fired up watching that one game and seeing like how that actually goes down but i am on board with
the 1 through 16 and people like that's crazy no it's not the only problem with 1 6 1 through 16
is i don't really know how you approach the regular season like you still have conferences
i don't really know like how that kind of goes in because if it's 1 through 16 it's almost unfair if you're in a division playing weaker teams the entire time
do you know what i mean by that so i don't know what they would do and i don't think it'll ever
happen because they'll talk about the price which is such a joke because it's you go to the city
and you stay over a couple nights you do it in the playoffs yeah you may run into the rangers playing uh the kings in the first round but how cool would that be how unbelievable would it be i think you
would have to distinguish it over a certain amount of miles you got to go two three two
okay fine with that two three two is even something i think the nba does that in the finals
maybe they do that the entire time i don't know but I just think that if you all of a
sudden had the regular season end and the Colorado Avalanche uh are facing off against I mean I don't
even know like say the Buffalo Sabres are the 16th team next year there would be an excitement and an
overall um kind of uh different fan bases looking forward towards like, wow,
this is the craziest matchup in the first round.
And all of a sudden the first seed and the president trophy winner,
they have a distinct advantage, right?
I mean, you look at Colorado, I mean, Calgary this year,
like their second, they got to play Nashville,
as opposed to if they were second and they got the 15th,
which I guess might be Nashville anyways, because the East is so strong.
So that made no sense.
But I just think overall, 1 through 16 would be so exciting for fan bases
to get playoff matchups that you normally never see.
And there's plenty of times where it could be Toronto-Boston and be normal,
but I just think it would change so much and make it pretty exciting
for fans and players alike.
You said it.
You lose me on the advantage of the fact if you're playing against a conference
that's a lot weaker, especially a division.
The reason I like the one through eight
in the conference is because then you play
most of your games against conference opponents
and then it's one home, one away
against the other conference.
So if I'm the NHL, I go back to simplicity.
I go see the one through eight
and whoever gets eliminated in the first round,
you just restack the deck from best team plays the worst team,
and then the two middle teams play.
R.A., what do you think about all this nonsense?
Fuck the playing games.
They're just a money grab, ratings grab, which, hey,
that's what they're in business for.
But teams should be busting the balls all season,
and then, what, you're a six seed, and you lose a game?
No, six seeds are past it seventh would be even if you're whatever you'll
lose one game you're out i just i don't like it just have the fucking the format the way it is
you play the whole season i don't think you should expand it not a big fan of playing um one through
16 where we were texting about it last night i highly doubt this is ever going to come back to
the nhl but i did look up the old playoff formats.
It's pretty interesting what they used to do.
Back in the 79, 80, and 80, 81 playoffs, they seeded everyone 1 through 16.
Then they did a best of 5 preliminary round.
Then they reseeded after that 1 through 8 for the quarterfinals,
and then they reseeded after that for the semis.
It was pretty wild because you didn't know who was going to play.
It was like putting teams in a fucking hat and pulling them out.
That's exciting.
Absolutely.
The fact you can have any possible combo of teams in the Stanley Cup,
that to me is a huge allure.
Yeah, that's the other part.
Exactly.
If Boston-Montreal met for the Cup,
it's crazy to think about what could happen.
So what they should maybe do, R.A.,
is they should do it like a draft lottery for the format
at the beginning of the season or
actually when they do the draft lottery as to what it's going to end up being yeah and they I don't
think it has to be geographical it doesn't always have to be a team from the east versus a team from
you know the midwest or west you know what I mean like if you got two teams from the northeast or
two teams from California whatever but I would love to see somehow just yeah mix it up so you
can have any possible teams.
And 1-16 is the way to do that.
But like I said, they haven't done it in 40 years.
I can't imagine they're going to go back to it.
R.A., what about picking your opponent?
So the first seed gets to pick who they want to play,
whoever makes it of the 16 teams.
That's bulletin board material.
Yeah, that's like some WWF shit.
But, I mean, they would be hilarious but
you know it kind of seems like a pipe dream but yeah right now the way they're doing it i'm not
crazy about it i'd rather go back to the one through eight like they had for well however
long they had i get all the years here they had that for a while then they obviously went to the
divisions again i don't know i think you're gonna have to go nowadays with so many good
fucking teams you're gonna have to beat three good teams anyways but I would love to see them change it up
for a couple years but who knows
we'll see what happens
you boys want to move on to the next series or what
I would love to and here's what
I'm going to say about the next series RA
I think of any
team entering
these NHL playoffs the most
pressure to move past the first
round is on the Edmonton Oilers.
You're the dumbest idiot, moron, mutant, Muppet, pigeon
I've ever dealt with.
If you're trying to say anyone has more pressure than the Toronto Maple Leafs,
dude, you're just not following the league, bro.
Come on.
They're probably going to end up playing Tampa,
and I understand the pressure is there on Toronto LA lost Drew Dowdy and Edmonton is the far superior team this should
be a fucking layup for Connor McDavid and Dreisaitl to get to the second round you can disagree with
me all you want but I want the fans who are going to hear this to decide. I think that if Edmonton draws LA, which is pretty much the case,
and I think it's concrete, 99.9, it's birth control at this point.
If they don't fucking beat the LA Kings minus Drew Doughty,
this is fucking blow it all up.
Blow it all up.
Because I know if Toronto ends up losing to Tampa,
you're going to say blow it up too.
But they're the back-to-back defending champs,
and look how many points they've put up.
The fact that LA's even in the playoffs is a jaw-dropper.
Hey, and all the kudos to them.
They've battled through ample amount of injuries.
They've faced tons of adversity, and they somehow found a way,
despite Vegas trying to make this late push
to get in, have been scaved off.
Biggest layup of a first-round series for the Edmonton Oilers,
maybe in franchise history, if they don't lose wit,
you should have to pierce your horn just like your fucking ear.
If they don't win, you mean.
I actually was going to come on here and say,
if the Oilers lose this series, blow it up. If they don't win, you mean. I actually was going to come on here and say. I say lose.
If the Oilers lose this series, blow it up.
I was going to say that.
So I'm in agreement with you.
Trade Dreitzel.
And it's not even his fault, but just you have to like,
you can't, you're not trading McDavid.
You got to trade him.
That would like, and I'm not even kidding.
If they lose this series.
First of all, they they miss the playoffs,
it was just going to be
You called me an idiot.
Yeah, because you know why I called you an idiot?
Because having said all that, there is no more pressure on anyone
but the Toronto Maple Leafs to get out of the first round, dude.
They haven't won a fucking series in 25 years, biz.
There's no  Put it on the
Twitter, G. And I'm
going to run away with that poll just like
I did with the Vasilevsky-Shisterkin argument.
Based on matchup, Edmonton Oilers...
It's not about matchup. It's just about getting to
the second round. That's all we said.
You can't take the... The matchup
for me is important in the fact that
if Edmonton loses, it is pathetic,
it is embarrassing, It is embarrassing.
And they should blow it up.
Yes.
On a separate, separate side discussion is more pressure to move to the second round is still the Maple Leafs.
That's why I called you a Muppet.
All right.
My pick or referee.
I'm not sure what you want about for me.
Yeah.
Who has more pressure on them to get to the second round?
I mean, I don't know, man.
I mean, Toronto, there's obviously a microscope on it.
But, dude, Edmonton, you know, people wait for them to move along, too.
I'm not going to say.
They got to the second round like three years ago.
They got to go on a run, man.
I know.
I know.
Yeah.
I think it's probably equal, to be honest with you.
I'm not.
Okay.
I think it's a coincidence.
I think you can make a valid argument for either.
They're both under huge amounts of pressure.
You're with wit?
I'm with.
Yeah, I'm very much with wit here.
Okay.
Well, Ari, I appreciate you being not biased about it and giving us a very level-headed opinion there.
Now, I actually.
I'm with you, though.
The best draw you could ever imagine.
Oh, my God.
No offense to the LA Kings, but the no-doubty thing is
the worry I have is Jonathan Quick just completely stands on his head,
which is not out of the realm of possibility.
Johnny's a pizza?
Johnny's a pizza.
I think that if he were to actually steal the series,
then you're looking at, all right, yeah, you got to blow it up.
They lost to the freaking Kings without their best defenseman.
But we could not have hoped for a better matchup.
And the way that we're buzzing, Mike Smith looks phenomenal.
The Edmonton Oilers, I think they got the number one PK
since Woodcroft took over.
I was actually invited by the Oilers to go up and really take in a game.
I was going to be the guest of the Edmonton Oilers, Once an Oiler, always an Oiler. I can't make it. But I just
imagine that barn rocking. Home ice advantage in the first round. They're going to come out of the
homes, the two games at home, up 2-0. They're going to split in LA and they're going to win in 5.
This is a team that is on a mission. Their penalty kill, like I mentioned, is amazing.
and five. This is a team that is on a mission. Their penalty kill,
like I mentioned, is amazing. The guys
love playing for
Woodcroft. I'm talking, I
don't think there's a group of players in the league
right now that love playing for their
head coach more than the Edmonton Oilers.
Maybe with Cooper and Tampa
and granted, two cups in a row, it's very
hard to make the statement I just made, but
Woodcroft,
it's just straight up passion playing for the guy.
They've changed the culture there with the new head coach.
They have Evander Kane playing like an absolute stud with McVay.
21 tucks in 40 games, is that what he's got?
He's on another level.
I mean, this team is actually finally turned the corner
and become a team that if Biz said it,
if they don't get to the first round, blow it up.
Guys, if I could just chime in here,
I posted the Twitter poll, and it has 1,500 votes already,
and it's 92 Toronto, 8 Edmonton.
Okay, okay, okay.
What a Twitter is the Noah one.
Laugh it up, Witt.
Actually, Witt, you hang out.
Witt, hang out right there.
I got a surprise for you, okay?
You guys can josh a little bit.
I'll be right back.
I got a surprise.
Oh, he's going to come back with a t-shirt with flames, coyotes,
leafs, wild, and like the Atlanta Gladiators or something.
Like it's one of his coast teams.
Okay.
So Edmonton, the way they've played lately, it's just,
it's very hard for me not to be super excited about them going in.
I mean, all right, I got them in five.
What's your announcement or prediction?
You know what?
You're picking LA, aren't you?
You know, I have a future on them.
So it's like, I feel like I got to,
I got to pick them and how do I justify it?
Yeah, you mentioned Quick.
I could totally see Quick outplaying Smith.
I mean, he's 40-something years old.
I mean, he's one fucking pulled hammy from getting bounced out,
then you got to put Koskinen in.
I don't know.
Then it's a whole different series.
I'll tell you, I know they're missing Doughty,
but these kids they've been putting out there.
Jersey, this kid Jordan Spence, 21 years old, averaging 19.39 a game.
Ice time.
These kids are stepping right up, and they're playing really good.
Yeah, yeah.
Good luck with McJesus.
No, they are.
But actually, I wanted to ask you guys, if you're an L.A. coach,
who are you putting on McDavid, Deneau or Kopitar?
Deneau.
I think you let Deneau because then you have Kopitar focusing on a little bit
more offense.
I think that's what they've kind of approached this season, yeah.
Although Deneau has been everything and more than advertised,
his offensive game has flourished under the L.A. Kings umbrella,
like way more so than he was in Montreal.
Now, Witt, going back to you, I know you're kissing God's green earth
and counting your blessings at the fact that you got this first-round matchup,
but just in case you fuckers run in
to the calgary flames i got you a little present my friend
is that filled with pink whitney that is a pink whitney filled cross so That's a big ass earring, bro. That thing's going to weigh.
How much does that weigh?
Is that the one I have to wear?
A couple pounds.
No diamonds, unfortunately.
I know you wanted the encrusted diamonds.
We'll have to talk to Blue Nile about that.
But this will be right on your left ear
after those Calgary Flames mopped the floor
with that easy entrance Edmonton Oilers
facing off against a fucking American Hockey League team
in the first round.
By the way, is there a chance that the series could be old?
Like I could have to do this in New York when I'm there streaming games.
That thing's phenomenal, Biz.
We're going to get it done in a back alley in NYC.
You're going to have hepatitis.
I'm going to have a little sass fucking pierce my ear.
So I'll be bringing that to NYc for me grinnelly i'll
leave it at your desk and uh when the calgary flames bounce these boys i'll be looking to you
my friend all right so wait you got edmonton and how many five games biz i got edmonton and five
g i got edmonton in six. Okay.
Yeah, I got to  No, mind you.
Sorry, go ahead.
I got to stay loyal to my future.
Obviously, I want to see McDavid go far, go to the Cup,
but I got L.A. in the future, so I'm going to go L.A. in seven.
John Quick's going to get hot.
Edmonton's D is going to have some issues,
and L.A.'s just going to play their last.
Edmonton got swept last year.
So, I mean, as confident as I am,
there's a big part of my brain back here that is seriously worried.
But that's every Oilers fan, and that's every team going into the playoffs.
You get the worry.
You get the worry bug.
What worries you the most?
The fact that Deneau is going to be on McDavid?
What worries me the most?
Not necessarily Deneau. to be on mcdavid what worries me the most uh not necessarily to know it's well i guess to know
would have something to do with the offense going a little dry and then just the goaltending not
showing up because because i remember when we interviewed mckinnon it might have been the
second time we interviewed him we asked him we said who's the toughest guy to go against and
when it was in montreal he said to know he he said, he just defensively, he just has a, he just knows how to shut guys down.
So that's why I asked that. And when you're looking at McDavid,
you look at other guys to that caliber, you look at McKinnon as well.
So if he's saying that, fuck,
maybe he's the guy up for the task and we have an upset on our hands.
And I'll tell you what Kings fans, if you can do that for me,
I will never say another bad word about your organization,
which I haven't really,
other than the fact that I think
you guys are going to lose to McDusty and the boys.
I got an
85-1 ticket, so I got to ride it
hard.
Thank you, buddy.
Biz, the NHL playoffs
are just around the corner, and that means epic.
Must watch hockey every night of
the week. You're going to be hitting the birdie
juice, watching the games with the boys, and you need to make it work the next day without feeling like a bag of bricks
what do you take biz i'm taking dhm detox yeah the vitamin for people that drink ra it breaks
down the toxins of the alcohol before it gets to your liver ra it's easy it comes in these single
packs there's two in there and then you just guzzle them down after you have your first beer with some water. And as I said, it breaks down
the toxins of the alcohol before it gets to your liver, but that it's not stopped there. The whole
no days wasted umbrella, they created DHM detox. They also have the hydration replenisher packs.
It comes in three flavors. This is the watermelon. This is the one I typically go to. It's easy-to-go packets.
You just rip it open, dump it in your water bottle, shake away,
and you can hydrate all day long.
As you can see here, I got it in mine.
And last but not least, they came out with gummies with vitamin D,
and then they also have the elderberry gummies with vitamin C and zinc.
So I take these every morning as well.
They are expanding their umbrella.
More importantly, the DHM Detox, though,
especially for all you people crushing Pink Whitney shots
during the Stanley Cup playoffs or with soda, if you like.
As I said, it is a great product.
It breaks down the toxins of the alcohol before they get to your liver.
And once again, folks, no days wasted.
Also biz DHM detox is a 100 risk-free purchase on your first box. So if you don't love it,
they'll refund you. And if you need DHM detox delivered quick, no days wasted is now on go
puff. So that means delivery to your house, a party or the bar in 30 minutes or less.
Just head over to go puff and and search No Days Wasted.
We're going to hit you guys with a promo code once again.
Head over to NoDaysWasted.co and use the promo code Biz20 for 20 off.
That's NoDaysWasted.co for No Days Wasted after drinking with Biz20.
Not a big deal.
The HM Detox.
Yeah.
I love your little jingle there.
All right, let's see.
Moving right along.
Alexander Ovechkin.
He hits 50 goals in a season for the ninth time.
Ties Wayne Gretzky and Mike Bossy, the only other guys to do it.
Since he entered the NHL, no other player has more than two 50-goal seasons.
He's got nine.
He's also the first player, 36 or older, to score 50.
Also has the most goals in a season by a guy 36 or older.
Also 20th all-time in points.
His 780 goals trails Gordie Howe by 21 and Wayne Gretzky by 114.
But scary moment versus Toronto Sunday.
He was on a breakaway.
Leafs goalie, what's it?
How do you say it again?
Shalgren. Shalgren. Some people say Shalgren because the K is silent, but I don't on a breakaway. Leafs goalie, what's it? How do you say it again? Shalgren.
Shalgren.
Some people say Shalgren because the K is silent,
but I don't have a fucking clue.
Now, Ovi was on a breakaway.
He come in and he said he was,
Shalgren said he was trying to poke the puck away,
but it was kind of awkward the way he hit him.
It almost looked like he was trying to trip him,
and he did get tripped up, fell down.
Ovi looked like he was in some serious pain.
He got up.
Hopefully he's going to be all right.
But, Whit, did you think that was deliberate?
Did it look accidental?
I just never seen a goalie put the stick quite like that before.
Oh, I think it would be kind of shocking for him to deliberately do that.
I think he's just looking to kind of make a save.
But luckily, it did come out and said Ovi's day-to-day,
so I think he should be good.
I quickly forgot to mention Nurse is, like, questionable for game one.
That's a huge loss for Edmonton. need darn on there excuses but but yeah yeah exactly
that play um no i can't say that that was like malicious or him trying to trip him it was
definitely awkward looking though so i kind of know what you mean in terms of not seeing something
like that but we need to see an ov like even injured whatsoever is so bizarre because the
guy's such a machine he doesn't games. So you see him leave a game
and you see him kind of keeled over in pain.
It's like, whoa, that doesn't happen
to the Russian tank. But
I think he'll be ready to go for the playoffs.
Yeah, Tore is motivated and want to play the last
few games of the season. Oh, yeah.
Torn heart. David Day with
an upper body injury. I
came across this stat. He's played
a 96.7 of a Capitals game
since he joined the league.
That's insane.
I don't know how you play the way he has
and not missed more time.
Bananas.
Another note on the Caps.
I guess they're bringing back...
I can tell you.
Oh, the gas?
Do tell.
Oh.
Yeah, good call.
Sauce crossing.
The Caps are apparently bringing back
the Screaming Eagle logo for next season.
Were you guys a fan of that?
No.
I think one of the worst jerseys in league history.
Well, they brought it back for the reverse retro in the red,
and I thought it looked good.
I just don't know what type of color scheme they're going to go with.
Wait, that jersey didn't have red.
What do you mean?
Oh, they put that logo with the red jersey?
Yeah, I believe it was the eagle that was on it when they
did the reverse retro i could be wrong i've been wrong before but i want to see the color rate
you're correct this you're correct wow i don't know maybe it was just more about the colors i
dislike then oh yeah see i don't mind i don't mind it there it was more about like the blue and
yeah this is different the reverse retro is pretty sweet yeah so that's why i said ra about the color scheme so i'm not sure what they're going to go
with so we'll see and uh i always like a little bit of change in turnover we went from the coyotes
the desert dog on the front to now the kachina i like changing it up and maybe one day we'll go
back to the other one all right uh congrats to steve stamkos he's now tampa bay's all-time points leader uh let's see
he had a goal and two assists versus uh toronto thursday night past madi st louis got 959 points
and 918 games he's first in goals third and assist all time and nikita kucherov hit 600 nhl points
only five active players have done it faster than them mcd, Crosby, Ovechkin, Malkin, and Dreisaitl.
And Victor Hedman had an interesting quote.
They asked him about who he would vote for if he had a Norris vote.
And he said he'd probably vote for Roman Yossi,
which I thought was a pretty interesting answer.
And then we got a nice little clip there on the game.
Pat Maroon and Wayne Simmons,
they were barking at each other from their respective benches.
And then they ended up having a scrap.
What did you think of that scrap, Biz?
I thought it was great.
I mean, tons of chirping going on.
Leah Hextall was breaking it down perfectly.
And, I mean, just chaos.
A lot of bad blood there.
What do you think, Whit?
Yeah, they hate each other.
Could be very interesting in the first round.
could be very interesting in the first round.
I just think it was amazing to ask Wayne Simmons if he's a soft player.
I mean, that was pretty funny.
Can you guys not agree with that?
Gee, you're laughing.
I think Leanne X saw hilarious.
Did Maroon call him soft,
and that's why she was reiterating asking the question?
Yeah, I know.
It's just like but even for
maroon to call him soft's hilarious to be like anyone calling wayne simmons soft either has no
clue or just hasn't really watched the guy's tough as nails he's he's the opposite of soft and to be
fair i mean maroon it might be one of the softer guys in the league if we're talking about like
from like a maybe like an abdomen standpoint so patty he's pointing to his belly that's unfair i mean fuck patty i mean you
got a bit of a beer belly on you i like the look on you you know you need a little cushion
yeah you need a little cushion for the pushing right rear absolutely i mean i got no ass but
yeah you know in the bedroom i don't think pat does either. He's just got a barrel on him.
Can I ask you guys a quick question?
Did you guys see them just laughing while they were fighting?
Have you guys ever seen that before?
They were hysterical. Cam Jansen was always laughing when he was fighting.
But both guys?
I don't think I can remember that.
Yeah, I wouldn't.
I mean, we're not much of the statisticians around here or one for memory.
So I couldn't tell you off the top of my
head but uh definitely a McGratton laughed a lot McGratton laughed a lot Louie's fighting
yeah he's a sick puppy yeah he was real sick you you basically if you get a couple sick puppies
together then they're going to be laughing while they're punching each other in the face
yeah yeah more or less a couple of lunatics congrats to our buddy Trevor Zegers he set the
Ducks rookie season scoring record with his second goal
versus LA the other night.
Gave him 58 points.
They asked him what he thought of it.
He said, not a whole lot, to be completely honest.
Individual records come from good teams, and I can't score out there by myself.
I've played with a lot of good players since I've been here.
It's a compliment to them.
Giving props to his teammates, Trev.
Austin Matthews returned to the lineup Saturday after missing three games,
but Michael Bunting was hurt, Biz, your boy, after falling awkwardly.
And the team initially said he might miss some time,
but he felt better Sunday.
He was going to be getting looked at Monday.
Haven't seen an update yet today.
He still leads rookie scoring with 63 points.
Is he going to be back out there, Biz, or what?
They did a mock list of what he would finish, and he finished second.
I saw a lot of people have
him in the in the in the three ballot in the three hole that that's gonna be a tough was that a 500
dollar bet or a 250 dollar bet that was a 500 we'll see though it's not we're not out of the
woods yet but uh they're gonna need him back already i mentioned how he's a uh a sandpaper
that's a big loss i mean that top line's been buzzing.
One of the best lines in hockey,
regardless of how you feel about him and his age
and the fact that he's collecting Social Security.
Who cares?
He's leading all rookies in points.
He's got a shit ton of even strength points.
He helps drive that line.
And between Marner and Matthews,
Marner's the guy who dishes.
Matthews is the guy who shoots it.
And then Bunting's the net front presence.
And he'll go to those greasy areas at the top of the crease. So. Matthews is the guy who shoots it. And then Bunting's the net front presence.
And he'll go to those greasy areas at the top of the crease.
So, yes, this is a level of concern.
We need him 100 going into playoffs so we can knock off the lightning.
I'm not sure if you boys saw this clip.
Ottawa forward Mark Kostelik, he scored his first NHL goal versus Montreal. Then he probably got in a fight right after with, what's his name, Michael Pezzetta.
It wasn't the best scrap, but you ever see that?
Like, a guy scores his very first goal,
then a fight immediately after, same time.
Biz, ring a bell?
Like, you mean as soon as it goes in, just shed the mitts and chuck him?
Yeah, he's dive-bombed into him.
Yeah, it happens sometimes.
Maybe not the first-ever goal.
Yeah, that's what I was getting at, to have the first in your first fight at all at the same time just a unique situation but
hey welcome to the nhl you got a second goal later that night uh let's see hey not a lot of
highlights for the coyotes this year biz not to pick on him but we got a great one saturday night
uh the team called up uh boko imama he scored his first nhl goal in his second nhl game in front of
his parents and his sisters.
Just an awesome highlight.
He was Tampa Bay's sixth-round pick at the 2015 draft.
Boco's been in the minors for pretty much five full seasons,
had never played in the NHL.
He's gone through a lot of bullshit, too.
There have been some ugly incidents that he was on the bad part of,
and he's had to deal with a lot of that racist bullshit.
And it's nice that Arizona called him up.
I know they had some injuries. They had some spots to fill, fill and they brought him up and he got an unreal tuck man galchenyuk threw the spot to him barrel to the net got a nice fucking
goal and man i hope they keep him up for the rest of the year it's just uh like a real hot woman
story biz you know boko at all um i've met him once he is a nail gun just terrorizes guys in
the minors um but he played his first game against Washington
played solid had five hits in four minutes of ice unfortunately because of travel issues his family
wasn't able to attend his first NHL game in Arizona well they they played in the back-to-back
against St. Louis so they end up getting there for the second game timing is everything and
he ends up getting his first ever goal against the St. Louis Blues to kind of spark the Coyotes to a comeback.
They ended up losing an OT, but unbelievable.
Couldn't be happier for the guy, and a real big bright spot
on what has not been such a great season for the Arizona Coyotes.
Positive way to end things off, R.A., for sure.
Who said we're done with the Coyotes?
Uh-oh. Uh-oh.
Uh-oh.
They also released their season ticket prices for next season at Arizona State,
and they were kind of crazy, to be honest with you.
For a team that's going to be playing at a college arena and hasn't drawn well,
prices are ranging from 89 to 350 per seat per game for full season tickets.
Are people surprised by that?
They have 1,000 seats. per seat per game for full season tickets are people surprised by that it's it's uh it's uh
it's average average prices throughout the league is is how they approached it um i guess some
people are pissed off but like i mean you're sitting front row game yeah i i just thought
they'd be a little cheap but given the circumstances of the franchise and they're
playing at a college i think they're approaching it from a very loyal standpoint where they're
gonna put a certain amount off for uh season ticket holders who have to live in the area.
Then they're going to block some off for a certain amount of college students, which they are going to have at a better rate.
So they're doing what they can in order to snap around the 5,000 seats appropriately to make sure it is fair and the right people are and the loyal people are getting more of the
tickets so as far as the prices are concerned like i don't know if i just i i actually asked
one of the people who work for the coyotes i said hey what's the deal with that and they said that
we just went off the league average and i can understand from maybe the the the the thinking
of like oh you're gonna make them go watch a game at a college arena,
therefore assuming the prices will be less.
Well, if that was your thinking going in, then yeah, you're probably disappointed.
But I do not think that they're going to have a problem selling out every game.
And given that you're right by Old Town and you're in such a far better area,
it's going to be, I would consider it to be like a a mini vegas from a you come here for a
bachelor party or for a boys weekend or a bachelorette party and you can easily go attend
any any of your team's games just maybe not for the discounted price that you had in blendale
beforehand yeah i guess i'm thinking too if you're college kids you know they're going to get a
discount possibility but you know they're going to have a section they're going to have an area
where they are going to provide
tickets for the students.
We should make it the Pink Whitney area.
We're in talks to get a box.
We're going to get a Pink Whitney box
for us.
And that is going to be...
Actually, coming up this Friday
is for all the loyal
merch buyers, we ran a contest
and the people who ended up winning the contest
are coming to the final Coyotes game.
I'm actually going to go meet them for a beer on Thursday.
Oh, nice.
Yeah, deliver the tickets to them.
They're going to get their own personal box in Glendale.
But moving forward, the hope is that, you know,
we could come to an agreement, make a Pink Whitney box
of the limited supply that they do have at the ASU building
and, you know, run charity work through it,
through the pink Whitney foundation or what, you know, we're, we're,
obviously there's a lot of wheels in motion here,
but there's a lot of amazing things we want to do for our fans to bring them,
to enjoy this experience and,
and to come to town and have a few fun nights on us.
And especially if you're a loyal merch buyer or a loyal listener of the
podcast, we'll have plenty of contests on our social media uh to be able to provide the option
to win those tickets uh for the box and that's of course if we lock it in so i hope we can get
that done folks and you can come check it out uh one other thing betman says there may not be
material difference between the revenue at a state and in Glendale.
He said, quote, in fact, under one projection that we've done,
we think they may do better at Arizona state.
Either way,
get those game time apps ready for those sun devils down in Arizona state.
Get some nice tickets for you.
How about fill the thrill being a hype man for a lot of luxury?
What was that? Was that in Vegas?
Gee, what was up with that video?
No, that was in Scottsdale.
Oh, okay.
Oh, okay.
That was, that was, wasn't he like oh okay oh okay that was that was wasn't he like what do i
say like i i couldn't i don't think he knew what to say he's like let's fucking go oh yeah
i love seeing phil there was three people in the crowd who knew who phil castle was and not to take
it away from phil it's just scottsdale not a Scottsdale. Not a ton of hockey fans buzzing at Maya, Pop and Molly,
listening to Loud Luxury.
Hey, no, no, no, no.
All right, boys, before we move right along,
I want to talk to you about our friends over at Sport Clips.
I don't take my broken phone screen to a mechanic for the same reason
I don't trust my hair in the hands of my grandmother's stylist.
I want someone who specializes in me,
and the experts at Sport Clips are trained
specifically for guys here. Long, curly, short, thinning, thick, chubby, skinny, whatever you look,
they know how to cut and shape to your hair to fit you best. They have an MVP of haircut experience.
Awesome haircut, hot steamed towel. Invigorating shampoo.
Neck and shoulder treatment.
It takes a haircut and it turns it into an event.
It takes you a day and it turns it into a mancation.
It will have you walking out feeling 10 feet tall with the confidence that says bring it on.
Sport Clips also has online check-in so you never have to wait for your cut.
Sport Clips.
The pros in men's hair. That's where i went for this nice fade i don't know if you guys saw it on the tnt
you look like kid and play action let me see the sides
oh shit oh yeah right down to the wood yeah i noticed that on tnt the other um boys i read a story this week and uh it really
grinded my fucking ears we got another grind my gears uh what's coming right now what happened
a zamboni driver for the red wings uh al saboka he was let go earlier this year uh
no one knew why he ended up filing a suit against i assume the
building where the red wings play he was fired for uh pissing in a zamboni drain okay he's a 65
year old guy 68 year old guy he has a condition called uh benign prostatic hypertrophy which
causes a frequent and uncontrollable need to piss all right now i'm not even 50 yet and i
fucking sometimes you got to get there quick and i'm not even 50 yet and i fucking sometimes
you got to get there quick and it's not fun getting hold of the person man i can't imagine
being 68 when this hatchet hits you quick now this guy he wasn't in the fucking public area
he was in a shutoff zone between two zambonis where the water goes in the drain shut off from
the public it's an all-male crew the guy got struck with this thing he has he had a piss he
was 70 feet from the bathroom he pees in the drain okay a co-worker sees him now again he only has
male co-workers in his department it's private set aside no one can see it one co-worker sees
him and fucking rats on him no two days later he gets called to hr they gas them they suspend them
for a week and then they fucking gas them. Fuck off.
Swear to God, dude.
Big cat pissed in the sink at barstool.
Fuck.
Dude, this is, again, nowhere near the public, underneath the building,
off to the side.
He was between two Zambonis pissing into where water goes because he has
this medical thing.
And even if he didn't have that, like, okay, no one's near you.
You work with all guys.
Like, who the fuck snitches?
Like, I know workplaces have a lot of fucking rivalries
and fucking rats and shit.
But imagine fucking calling rat on a 68-year-old guy
who's been there since 1971.
He's been working.
He always waved the octopus.
It was the backup Zamboni driver.
It was a backup Zamboni driver trying to get the start.
Like, and I know, i know you know workplaces people
are jealous and their rivalries and all that shit but like to fucking snitch on a guy for
fucking pissing at that age dude like you know you get old the man is fucking it's you talk to
old guys and it's like yeah pissing becomes a fucking chore it's done in installments and like
you're gonna rat on a fucking guy who's close to 70 because he he had a fucking piss spur of the
moment and in a private thing dude wicked fucking snitch i hate that drives me crazy so anyways he's
suing he's fucking trying to get some damages like i said he's been there over 50 years he
had this job and because some guy rats and says he pissed where he wasn't supposed to like get
the fuck out of here man i mean i know things have changed it's 22 this wasn't like a sexual
harassment thing the guy was taking a piss and he got spotted and ratted on. Grinds my gears. I hope this guy
takes fucking them for whatever he can get, man. Losing his job because some asshole ratted on him
for pissing, man. I can't believe it. Fucking I hate snitches. I hate grinds. My gears are
a should grind everyone's fucking gears unless, you know, and obviously I'll leave the caveat.
Maybe there's some part of the story we don't know that might come out later. And who knows?
He took a shit down the drain, too.
Yeah, yeah.
Or maybe there's some work thing.
He was cranking it in the drain, too.
Yeah, man.
But from what I read in this article, and I think it was Helene St. James.
Then he did it on Spirit Air four times on a 28 flight.
Same guy.
Fucking brutal, man.
Absolutely brutal.
So whoever ratted on him, unless there's some valid reason, which I doubt, i doubt you suck and hopefully he gets his fucking dough back if not his job back so
al i'm sorry what happened to you uh fuck rats fuck snitches all right sorry no you're good
let it out let it out all right hey all right let's do it my gears let's do what my trainer said
i mean what are they teaching?
Don't tattle.
Don't tattletale.
Right.
I mean, that's fucking kindergarten stuff.
But all right, boys.
More terribly sad news from the hockey world.
Guy Lafleur, the Hall of Fame offensive dynamo who helped the Montreal
Canadiens win five Stanley Cups in the 70s, died Friday at the age of 70.
He had been battling lung cancer for the last few years.
And, man, Guy Lafleur was, I would say,
the best player on the best dynasty ever.
I know people can make their own arguments,
but the Canadians of the 70s, the best team ever,
and Guy was the best player on them.
I was very fortunate as a young kid.
The early Bruins games, I went to see Guy Lafleur.
Any sport, I went to baseball as a young kid, the early Bruins games, I went to the sea, Guy Lafleur, and any sport, any,
I went to baseball, football, basketball, Guy Lafleur was the very first superstar I saw in person, and I tweeted, he would make you get out of your seat,
whether you were a Bruins fan, Canadians fan, whatever.
This guy was dynamic, bombing down the ice, shooting from that,
talking to the right circle, beating goalies all over the place,
blonde hair flowing.
He was just an absolute iconic player.
And it's sad.
And if you guys watch the ceremony they did before the Canadians game
Sunday night, I think if you watch that,
people who might not have known Guy Lafleur and his history,
I think that ceremony conveyed exactly what he meant.
Because when people,
a building gives you a 10 minute long standing ovation that doesn't stop.
It's a pretty powerful thing.
What did you think of the ceremony?
I thought it was incredible.
And the Montreal Canadians do such a good job at honoring past players and
pregame ceremonies.
They're the kings at that.
And, you know, this was something that was kind of hard to watch,
but also fun to watch, if that makes any sense.
And I think that Guy Lafleur changed the game.
I mean, from talking to people and reading things,
I mean, six straight years with 50 goals and 100 points.
It sounds like the late 70s, first few years of the 80s,
nobody was close to him.
I mean, he was the best player in the league.
And I think the way he did it with the flair and
and the speed and like you said the hair he actually wore a helmet for a little bit and then
he got rid of it kind of like you know he was he was an even better player and i think his hair
blowing in the wind as he was bombing down the wing taking slap shots it's like it was part of
who he was and kind of a true rock star when you look at him in the video that they played
with the frank sinatra song my way i did it my way it was the perfect i mean that song at the end
when sinatra's just belting it out it was so unreal seeing the clips of him seeing the parades
seeing the big goals seeing the hugging of the teammates in the locker room after standing with
john beliveau standing with maurice richard the history of the Montreal Canadians, and just knowing that he's, you know,
arguably the greatest player to ever play for them.
So, you know, to lose Mike Bossy and then Guy Lafleur is two legends of the game
that, you know, you'll look back in the history of hockey and those two names
will forever be there 200 years from now. Hopefully there's still a league and hockey's still thriving and you'll look back in the history of hockey and those two names will forever be there 200 years from now.
Hopefully there's still a league and hockey still thriving and you'll know about Guy Lafleur and just the name and the way he went first overall.
And Marcel Dion was the second pick and he was a posse. He was possibly going to be the first pick.
And it's just an amazing story. And 70 years, 70 years old, that's not very old.
I mean, I know I'm 39.
You get older and you're 20 and you think 70 is old.
As you get older, 70 is not that old anymore.
And to lose a guy at that age, it's so tough for the league
and the Montreal Canadiens fans and their family.
And, you know, our thoughts are with him.
But in terms of like
watching a player i would have loved to have gotten to see him play he's one of those guys
if you could have a chance to watch a guy play live like he's right there i mean ors right there
but gila fleur it was his name it was his passion it was the way he played and and then the numbers
spoke for themselves so i think getting to read different things about him was pretty cool
for me because you hear stories and you hear memories from former teammates that you you know
you never would have known otherwise well i mean talk told the story on the tnt broadcast about how
he was the commissioner's selection to the all-star game talk it's first time to the all-star
game and he actually got the set sit next to him and he was his idol growing up. So it's cool going online and reading these stories
because unfortunately I hadn't been born yet
when he was doing all this damage.
So you have to rely on other people's stories
to get a true feel for the impact he made on the game.
And just going back quickly to the Montreal Canadiens
and their classy tribute,
they also did no ads on the boards,
which I thought was pretty cool
to bring it back
to that that old nostalgia um but you know when you're a french canadian kid and you have the
weight of the world on your shoulders when you get drafted first overall to the montreal canadians
and then you go on to accomplish everything as expected and more it's just fascinating but what
you keep hearing the most is just how the way he
carried himself and you know when you look at guys like Wayne and all the greats like like Guy Lafleur
you know Bobby Orr, Gordie Howe it was how they were ambassadors of the game and how they made
you know the fans and the people around feel when they were a part of it and you know to take the
time and say hello to every single fan,
shake their hand, and just give them that time of day is very special.
And you kind of attested to it in the fact that, like,
the reason the league is where it is now is because of the guys like that
and taking that and going the extra mile, not only on the ice
in what they were able to produce, but also with the fans of the game.
So just a giant RA,
you described it at the top of the show as we lost the giant and that's
exactly what we lost.
And I'm sure.
All right.
Yeah.
Oh,
you're good,
buddy.
I noticed after 84,
85,
he took three years off and then came back and played three more seasons,
the Rangers and two with the Nordiques.
Do you know why he didn't play those three years?
Yeah.
Or was he retired and decided to come back?
Well, he had a dispute with the owners of the Canadians at the time,
and so he retired.
I think they were basically low-balling him.
And, yeah, he actually retired rather than play for what they wanted.
Then he come back, played with the Rangers.
Then he come back with the Nordiques.
Because he scored, I think, two goals
and the forum and the place went nuts for him.
I mean, he was scoring them as a Ranger.
So very unusual to see a Ranger goal
get a stand in the know in the forum.
But that was Guy Lafleur.
And also, too, I think I meant to say
he brought elegance back to the game, too,
because you got to remember that, you know,
the big bad Bruins won two cups.
Then the Flyers come in and goon the league out for two cups.
And then, you know, Guy Lafleur comes along with the rest of the Canadians.
And they kind of brought back this, you know, like sort of classy style and elegant style.
And, you know, hockey as it should be played.
And, you know, it's just a beautiful game.
And they brought this sort of elegant style of playing hockey back.
And then ever since then, yeah, obviously been some tough teams or whatever.
But we never had that era like we did with, you know, the Flyers just beating the fuck out of people to win Stanley Cup. So he also, when he said he changed the then, yeah, obviously been some tough teams or whatever, but we never had that era like we did with, you know,
the Flyers just beating the fuck out of people to win Stanley Cup.
So he also, when you say change the game, yeah,
he brought back this sort of elegant style of play.
Also a national funeral was planned for May 3rd for Guy.
And just to reiterate too, the Spittin' Chickas family sends our deepest
sympathies to Guy's family, his friends, his teammates,
as well as the entire Canadiens family.
There was nobody else quite like him.
So our deepest thoughts are with everybody who loved and appreciated Guy.
So hopefully you're all doing okay.
And especially everybody in Quebec.
Yes.
Yeah, he was a god up there.
He was a hell of a player, and I'm glad I got to see him play
because he was a special guy.
Tough way to end the show.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Well, I think we can have one final laugh, I think, before we close up the show up here.
You guys saw this video of this absolute knucklehead sitting on the plane with Mike Tyson.
Oh, my God.
I mean, a guy had to have been shit-faced because, you know, who would fuck up Mike Tyson like that?
But that guy was so annoying in the video. So how annoying would he have been shit-faced because you know who would fuck up mike tyson like that but that guy was so annoying in the video so how annoying would he have been in person and then to piss mike tyson
off enough to beat you up on a plane dude had mike tyson should have killed that guy by the way that
guy has like a rap sheet too that guy's an idiot i couldn't believe there's no video of tyson
actually beating him up though right it's real grainy I see the I
saw the punches yeah oh you did yeah it's great actually um I invited uh so I ended up meeting
Brock Lesnar at the four seasons the one night when all of us were having a few pops after one
of the broadcasts and we exchanged numbers and he was in town vacationing with his family and he came
to the coyotes game against the Washington Capitals and and we ended up putting him in one of the boxes and when i went down we actually that that came up and he said buddy goes
same thing happened to me when i was i think he was in the ufc at the time he was sitting first
class he said he had this guy just barking at him non-stop and he ended up turning around and
bopping the guy a couple times too so these i mean it's just a classic case of these these these big dogs when
they go out you just meet the right asshole and they just try to get you off your i try to rally
you up and and the next thing you know they're probably filing a lawsuit to get you back with it
be a balls is you ever been close to duffing someone like i mean sure you probably gotten
shipped like that before no not like not like a guy being like oh yeah what are you a tough hockey player like i like i used to get in bar scraps when i was in
playing in the in the american hockey league so that was the extent of it that was just the dumb
biz the dumb shit that i was doing back in the day never because they wanted a shot at the title
so to speak i just can't believe that guy like thought he was that funny like oh like this like it's not even
funny what he's doing there was no sort of uh quality to what he was doing that brought any
sort of entertainment like I'm surprised his buddies weren't like what are you doing it seemed
like they were egging him on it was just a bizarre scene where obviously those guys were shit face
but I really wish Tyson broke the guy's orbital or something.
Like,
do we know if he got injured?
You get a couple of marks on his face.
I don't think he busts.
Yeah,
that's not enough.
That's not enough.
I mean,
I hate when people hover over my shoulder,
even if I'm typing,
let alone being on one of those pods on a plane and some drunk asshole is
like,
like,
like impending day over your fucking shoulder,
man.
Oh,
I'm surprised Tyson didn't break his fucking face.
So yeah, smart move.
Get drunk, start a fight with Tyson.
Good luck with that, Peck.
I think it's smart as saying the Leafs have less pressure than the Oilers.
I actually think it's crazy that it was that one-sided
in the sense of it probably wasn't described in the tweet
that they are playing the LA Kings.
Half these guys voting are probably not even aware who their matchup is. in the sense of it probably wasn't described in the tweet that they are playing the LA Kings.
Half these guys voting are probably not even aware who their matchup is.
Well, that was kind of my argument,
that the matchup doesn't even matter.
It's just like if Toronto should move,
the Maple Leafs should have to move out of Toronto
if they don't get out of the first round.
No, they should have to allow another team within the radius. Yes.
So they can add another Toronto team
because they keep cock blocking. I think
they were trying to do a team just outside
of Toronto. Weren't they
going to do one in Hamilton or something?
But yeah, NHL was like, no,
it should be like the best. They gave them an
outdoor game as a
consolation prize. And it's important.
Well, guys, next time we chat,
we're going to be talking about some NHL playoff games.
Yes.
So what a long regular season.
We finally get to the promised land,
the best playoffs in pro sports.
I cannot wait for the action.
And we're going to be coming to you two times a week.
So next week, it's just one.
And then after that,
we start two times a week for three weeks.
And we thank you guys so much for listening.
We're as excited as all you are for the next two months of action here.
And don't forget to subscribe and like the latest Sandbagger
on our Spittin' Chicklets YouTube channel.
And the next time you're going to be hearing from us,
pretty sure we're going to have an A-list actor on the podcast.
Also, Chicklets Cup registration
Wednesday, noon. Get the
teams together. Chickletscup.com.
Sign up there. See you in
Buffalo. Peace.
As always, we like to thank our terrific sponsors here on Spit and Chicklet.
So huge thanks to our friends over at Pink Whitney and New Amsterdam Vodka.
A big hearty thanks to our longtime friends over at Roman.
Big giant thanks to our new friends at Game Time.
Check them out for your ticket needs.
Big thanks to our friends at Blue Nile.
Beautiful jewelry if you're in the market for some.
Big thanks to all our friends over at No Days Wastedasted check them out if you're going to be having a few
cocktails and a huge thanks
to our friends at Sport Clips fellas
if you need a haircut make sure you check them out
have a great week everyone
