Hey, Spittin' Chicklets listeners, you can find every episode on Apple Podcasts,
Spotify, or YouTube. Prime members can listen ad-free on Amazon Music.
Hello, everybody.
Welcome to episode 385 of Spittin' Chicklets, presented by Pink Whitney.
From our friends at New Amsterdam Vodka, here in the Barstool Sports Podcast family.
Folks, we are knee-deep into the playoffs.
A couple of upsets, a couple of surprises, lots of stuff we might have expected. But let's check in with the fellas first.
We were down in New York City last week, Biz.
So let's go to you first.
Go out of order a little bit.
Do you have fun last week or what?
Yeah, why not?
I had a blast.
Great way to kick off the playoffs.
Unfortunately, we did not have Witt there,
but a couple of great live streams.
Got to hang out with Stu Feiner.
What a character that guy is.
Probably one of the craziest motors I've ever seen.
I don't know how a guy that age is still going the way he's going.
But then traveled down to Atlanta.
We've had a couple nights at TNT.
Whit, I know some of the games you haven't necessarily been that thrilled about.
I thought that we had a couple good ones, especially yesterday with the Avalanche.
And then another good one to follow.
So it's been great, man.
I've been pumped and hanging out with Wano. A couple
late nights in his room, enjoying a few
pops and all's
good here, brother. I think Stu
could wear out the actual
active energy. That guy is fucking insane,
man. He's a blast. A lot
of fun to hang out with, but boy, man, he's fucking
revved high. Mikey G, what's
going on with you, buddy? Always a pleasure to hang out with you in New York
City. Yeah, it was a pleasure, boys. i'm just uh bees are buzzing i'm dishing out winners left and
right you guys are coming back to new york this week so which means i'll get a few more nice
dinners so i'm on top of the world right now really how many of these g wagons have you hit
that's that's your gambling bet right yeah the g wagon it's called the g wagon we do it with the
score bet up in canada i believe i've hit the last five or six in a row so i mean total i wagon it's called the g wagon we do it with the score bet up in canada i believe i've hit the
last five or six in a row so i mean total i think it's like eight or nine and one like i'm buzzing
right now hot seat ra because you've been you've been cold as hell haven't you um cold you know
what actually side of the pillow times five thousand cold as hell probably the worst analogy
in world history let's rewind for a second Maybe the worst gambler in the world.
Yeah, definitely.
Okay, like I said, we're going to rewind for a second.
I think a clarification is in order, not just for you guys,
but for the general consensus.
We make props up.
We make up bets that we give out in the score in basketball sports.
Those aren't my personal plays.
When we give props out, I'm not'm not saying oh this is my pick for
the night like the other night i have kucherov give out losers to the fans all right this is
like me going minus 46 on a season and blaming the 10 no it's not not at all with not at all
listen my probably has been done too my picks have sucked listen 15 times wait my picks have
sucked this year it's been a brutal year. It's been the worst statistical year.
Half our fan base is homeless because of you.
And you're backpedaling out of it.
Keanu's trying to fucking leave the country because of all my shitty plays.
But that's not the point.
The point is, when I go on and say, all right, this is what I like tonight.
Here's my play.
That's my bet.
When we say, all right, here's a prop we're offering tonight that we come up with.
A little fun, something to do. That's not me's not me saying oh my god i'm backing this 100 it's a prop that
we come up with we have a little fun what we get creative and we offer it to people who want to
play with it that's not me saying i'm guaranteeing this i want to fucking you to bet this those are
the other shitty things i put my fucking instagram videos that i was awful but you know a little five
and oh stretch this week fucking Fucking 2-2 after that.
5-0 stretch? The Rangers got worked
last night.
I said 7-2.
5-0 and then I went 2-2.
7-2. What did I have today?
Ruins last night. I got Tampa tonight.
I mean...
Maybe heating up, trying to get some people out of the
poorhouse to stop having to
sleep on trains. Point being is that I get my picks out of the poor house to stop having to sleep on trains.
Point being is that I get my picks out.
You can shit on me all you want from them.
And again, they've been awful.
But when we come up with props to give out to players to have fun with,
those aren't me putting my name to these bets.
That's like, okay, it's a prop that me or G or Merles
or whoever else has come up with.
It's a bet on having fun with.
Cornell's shaking his head.
He wants no association to you.
I'm putting my name all over the G-Wagon.
I'm slapping my name on the G-Wagon's ass.
OK, knock yourself out.
I'm just saying, like, I have different fucking not standards,
just like people know when I'm betting the game.
I'm telling you to bet this fucking game.
Also, it's like, OK, here's a prop that me and the other guys designed.
And if you want to bet, this is an advertisement for if I give out a prop, okay, here's a prop that me and the other guys designed, and if you want to bet it, have fun with it.
Basically, this is an advertisement for if I give out a prop bet, don't take it.
Yeah.
Well, I mean, if you had Kucherov, Kaprizov, and both teams win,
you would have got plus 1,200 the other night, so suck them out, man.
Okay, so I guess that's the opposite.
So take his bets, even though he's not putting his name behind it.
But in terms of the G-Wagon, you're all in.
And I'll introduce myself because we went NRA a little bit.
What's going on, boys?
I did miss last week in New York.
I am back, though.
I am going to be in New York tomorrow morning.
I'm heading out or down.
I'm heading down to the Big Apple, and I'm going to be at a stream Monday night,
and I'm going to be at a stream Tuesday night.
Both nights in Hoboken, we get the Rangers-Penguins tomorrow,
or tonight as you're listening, Monday.
And Tuesday, we got the Bruins and the Canes game five,
as well as the Leafs Lightning game five.
Everything will be going on.
We got Barstool personalities.
Tuesday night, very special guests,
the Rink Shrinks, Brian Yandel and Mike Model
will be joining me.
And Merles, as always, will be there with myself,
R.A. and Grinnelli.
So I can't wait to get going.
What else is going on?
Yeah, so we have a million things to talk about.
Biz, you've been crushing it on TNT.
The broadcasts have been great.
And when you mention I haven't been thrilled, yes, some of the games.
I mean, you just said you had a great Avs-Preds game.
It was 7-3 yesterday.
Well, I thought through what you want me to say.
Hey, if I can get two electric periods, you had that goal controversy in which really swung the game.
I think that so far the storyline, in my opinion,
has been all these coaches' challenges.
I think there's been six, and a few of which have decided games.
Rangers fans were losing on me, sending me death threats via Instagram
because I said that the Capo Caco goal shouldn't have counted.
Guys, I'm a fucking Penguins diehard.
And I also hate Rangers fans.
So screw you.
Penguins are up 2-1.
Kiss my ass.
I called you guys Fugazis, and I know I'm right at least about one thing
because my teams are getting fucking bent over right now.
Well, I guess the Leafs are up 2-1.
All 17 of them?
The Leafs are up 2-1 but currently down 3-0 in game four.
Yeah, it's 2-2.
It's 2-2 in the series.
I don't know.
I'm a little scared.
There's a lot of hockey left to be played, but damn after a loss.
But what series are we starting off with here, Ari?
Because I will say there's been a lot of games that have been overcome
in the third period, middle of the third period.
6-1 Capitals up in the Panthers.
Who would have thought that in game three?
But we could start wherever you want to start.
Your world.
We're living in it.
Yeah.
Well, it's your world, too, because it's a Pink Whitney world,
Ryan Whitney.
The playoffs are in full swing.
And so aren't you a spring fling?
So grab some of the old Pink Whitney and make this a spring
to remember while rooting on your favorite squad,
while it's the Celtics, Bruins, or any other team,
while you're just enjoying the lovely weather.
Grab some fresh pink Whitney with some club soda on the rocks.
I like that way.
All right.
You know what?
Business favorite team.
I mean, if you're asking, honestly, it was pretty low energy.
I wasn't very thrilled.
It sucked.
But you asked me.
I wouldn't have said anything if you hadn't asked me.
I thought you'd be like, bing, bang, boom, Pink Whitney. It's pink.
It's good. It tastes great. It gets
you banged up. You can enjoy it in the summer.
You can enjoy it in the winter. New Amsterdam Vodka.
Thanks for joining. Not sitting back
in your chair.
But you just hit
the fucking blunt. Feel free
to jump in any time when I do them.
Just play off hockey, all right?
I pod best when I'm angry.
You should be on all the time then all right i am right now i think it's what is it three nothing right now tampa
game four boys yes we just said that the fourth time yes
well i'm i'm focusing on the show not the fucking tv because oh yeah
so i'm looking all right either way uh the teams took turns beating up on each
other first couple games they went down to fucking tampa So I'm looking. All right. Either way, the teams took turns beating up on each other.
First couple of games, they went down to fucking Tampa.
Now it looks like they're going to split the other two games.
It's going to go at least six games.
Matthew's off and on.
Mine are off and on.
Watch your mouth.
Oh, I actually, for the first time, this podcast, I'll agree on that.
It's been the Jekyll and Hyde show with the Toronto Maple Leafs.
And I'll tell you what, I think most of you Leafs fans will agree right off that opening face off you saw how fucking
revved up Tampa was to go you saw Ross Colton give uh Mikheyev the cross check and then they
end up tossing the centers Tampa snaps back to draw there's no forward split off the draw for
Toronto they look timid I knew from the fucking minute that puck dropped that Tampa was going to shove one right up their goddamn hoop.
So, I don't know if
they're not passing out the sniffers on
games after wins for the Toronto Maple Leafs.
I don't know what exactly Sheldon Keefe
is saying before that game in order to prep
them. I don't know if the Leafs think that
after they beat them a game that they're just
going to die over. Fifteen
fucking games in a row that they've lost,
they've responded with a win so if
i'm the toronto maple leafs coach i go in that fucking locker room and maybe i chuck a couple
water cooler coolers just to get them fired up after a victory because they fucking just think
that they're going to roll over and die and if i know i sound a little bit irritated right now but
obviously i have taken on this leafs team i've i'm all in on them i thought
100 they're gonna beat the defending champs i gave it the charles barkley guarantee on the tnt
broadcast and now i look like a fucking moron again so i don't know what their problem is i
don't know what's going on with this jekyll and hyde show you got vesna type caliber play from
jack campbell one night and the next it looks like you got fucking R.A. in net.
Oh.
After he hit the fucking  well, maybe not a ball hockey.
He looks like R.A. during a fucking ad read for Pink Whitney.
That's what he looks like.
Yeah, it's a Pink Whitney ad read, R.A.
Viz, saying  now, we're talking like this game's over,
and R.A. has been the guy for the last two to three seasons in the NHL
that 3-0 early on is not even close to over,
especially when R.A. and Portnoy bet them.
So we got two periods left.
So who knows how this thing ends up.
But the effort is amazing.
Game one, Toronto, I shit my pants.
I was absolutely losing my mind.
I said it on the pod.
I go, we could be in trouble
here, fellas. It came to exactly, you know, when exactly as Tampa always plays after losses.
It was very interesting reading. It was Hedman. Hedman, I was reading an article in The Athletic.
It was Hedman talking about how they take these losses personal. And this group that's been
through so much together, they look at these losses like slaps in the face. They look at them like complete disrespect,
and then they look at themselves in the mirror,
and they say, we have better, and we got to be better.
And every single time they do it.
And throughout three games, man,
Vasilevsky's been outplayed big time by Campbell.
Big time.
Tonight, he wasn't really tested in the first period.
We're only at the first intermission.
But that team comes back quick and
they bounce back and they have a plan for every single game in this article they talked about
after losses or after every game i should say but especially after losses they have five to seven
minute meetings in these video meetings anyone could be called out it mentions i think uh it's
a belmar mentions it could be a stamp coast turnover it could be a ross colton turnover by
the way ross Colton, New
Jersey native. What a fucking hockey player.
Yeah, he takes that. Looks like he broke
his nose in the first game on the hit and he's been
a lightning rod to Toronto. No pun
intended. Ever since he threw
the hit on Giordano, he buried him 10 seconds
into the game. Stamkos scores 20
seconds later. So this team
has a plan after a loss and then
every single time they just go out
and they get it done so if this game completely switches up and toronto ends up winning it that
probably is the series because to come back from 3-0 in tampa to go up 3-1 in in this series would
be miraculous and it'd be even the leafs couldn't fucking blow that one or could they but cooper had an interesting quote going after um uh campbell a
little bit he said we've scored seven goals on him in the last two games so if he's gonna sit here
and have a 3.5 goals against average in every two game set we'll take that a little bit of a chirp
you know biz is trying to maybe get in his head for a guy who's looked great cooper's maybe playing
the mind playing mental warfare big time coach think he's playing mental warfare? Big time.
Coach Bombay's playing mental warfare?
I'm shocked.
Hey, but I will say, game two,
like normally Coop's got a bit of a glow on the bench
and he doesn't seem like super angry.
Game two, he had a fucking game face on.
But now saying that,
you mentioned how they take these losses personal.
Kucherov had been probably the worst two players on the ice
for the Tampa Bay Lightning in game one.
Probably the two best in game two, led by Victor Hedman,
had a monster game.
As far as Koop's post-game press conference after game three,
he is just fucking irritated with the amount of penalties
that they're taking.
There has been a constant parade to the penalty box.
It was that way for the Leafs in game one,
but they were able to scave off all those penalties.
I thought that that five-minute kill was just so massive,
and that's what kind of got the crowd going behind them.
But as far as the response in game four here,
much like game two, it's just like,
what the fuck are you expecting them to do?
Not come out and play for their playoff lives?
They've been here and done that.
It's like Toronto, you need to be playing for your fucking playoff lives and I just don't like the
response after victories much like we saw last year against Montreal don't take your foot off
the gas anyway um biz you gotta like though if this game ends up, you got to like having home ice advantage in a two out of three set.
Right.
And I said, I think I guaranteed.
Maybe I didn't guarantee this one.
I know I guaranteed Minnesota St.
Louis.
And I think I said this one too.
Both are going seven.
Both are going seven.
We knew it before the series started.
I really thought this Leafs team, the best Leafs team of all time.
I know they're good.
And I think this will be a test.
I think this is going to go seven. Now, the question is, the best Leafs team of all time. I know they're good, and I think this will be a test. I think this is going to go seven.
Now, the question is,
the question is,
does Tampa win game five?
Right? Because if they lose
game five, the Leafs
are completely fucked, right? Because then it's
definitely going seven, and then you never know.
If they win game five, the Leafs
could also be really fucked, but it could end in six.
I'm basically making no sense, besides the fact that we now know
if the Lightning lose, you bet on them the next game.
R.A., it was his pick of the night, and right now it looks great.
The only other thing that stood out to me, R.A.,
before I throw it back over to you, is Leafs had that game in game three
in a stranglehold.
It was 3-1.
They're on the penalty kill.
Kerfoot has the puck outside the blue line.
He has full control of it, nowhere near anybody.
And he tries to protect it.
And then one of the defensemen comes up, bodies him.
He turns it over, goes back the other way, 3-2 game.
Was my arsehole puckered up?
Oh, it sure was.
They ended up holding on to that victory.
But for any of you fucking kids listening,
just dump the goddamn puck in below the goal line
and get the fuck off the ice on a kill.
Like, what was he doing there?
Did you see that play?
It was the same.
It was similar to, like, on a penalty kill today,
Trocek, instead of just putting it softly down the end of the ice,
flips it out of the rink, and the Bruins get a 5-on-3.
It's like, when you're on the PK,
it is so simple to shoot it on the ice.
If nobody's near you down the other end,
people get so,
I don't know,
kind of enamored with like,
it's like when you have,
it's like you have too much time and then you're just over.
Yeah.
Simple,
hard hockey,
simple,
hard podcasting,
fucking ad reads.
That's what wins games.
That's what gets people going and I'll say
this Toronto should
should still be happy where they're at
I really do think that you should
take that ad read loss personal
and I hope you bounce back in the next one
I thought I was
trying to be like oh soothing and like old school
well you weren't
this is a soothing time
we're not fucking by This isn't a soothing time. Fuck you, Pamy. We're not fucking raised by the fire
reading a fucking novel.
All right, what do you think about the
Toronto Tampa series? I try to mix
those words. A little collab.
Trompa Bay.
I wish that the games were more competitive.
I know that it's basically like blowout, blowout.
Like, this is a one. I'll blow it right now.
It's 3-0. I wish they were a little more competitive.
Yeah, and I wish Santa Claus was real. What else
you got for us? Oh, we got
youngins listening to that, Biz.
Fucking spoiler alert.
I wanted to ask you, Biz, what did you think of those
bets of the first couple then they put them in?
They ended up having a little bit different effect.
So I understood why
because I think they wanted to match the physicality
and you saw the pre-quotes
before the series started
with Keith basically saying, we know it's going to get violent.
And we know that when things get difficult for them,
Tampa, they can play any way you want.
I know we said that about Calgary all season long,
but Tampa, if you want to play that 2-1 shutdown game,
they can play it.
Now, when he ended up getting sussy the one game,
I thought in game two, I love Simmons.
I've been a Simmons fan since his days back in Philly
and what he brings to the lineup.
He has definitely lost.
He ever beat you up, Biz?
No, thank God.
He did laugh at me when I broke my stick over my knee,
when I had a turnover at the blue line after I fought
and gave them momentum when we were up 3-1
and they ended up coming back 4-1 unanswered.
But thanks for bringing it up.
But going back to Spezza being back in the lineup i think that was partly also
due to the fact that simmons took two really dumb penalties in game two and and it cost them and we
talk about undisciplined penalties on both sides of it uh we talked about cooper earlier but i think
that it's he was one of the best
playoff performers for the least last year i think he had five points in the seven games against
montreal between him and nylander and what he does help out is that second unit power play too because
what i was noticing in the in game three was on that second unit they're able to work it from the
other side and also give tampa a different. When you're very, like, one-dimensional and you have the same type of power play,
I guess it's probably a lot easier to defend.
Well, they were working it from the other side.
I noticed they were trying that high tip play a lot where he would kind of come up off the wall
and he would almost, like, slap pass it towards the net.
Or if the lane was open, he would just put it to the net.
So I love the insertion of him um I
was I surprised that they didn't have him off the hop absolutely given last year's playoff performance
but I understood the mentality after game two and the dumb Simmons penalties I knew he was going to
be in game three so I think they got to stick with him the rest of the series not only that for also
probably for a calming voice inside that locker room given that you know as much as my arsehole gets puckered up you know guys in the Leafs locker rooms arsehole
get puckered up and we can see by the display in that first period by them so um I'll throw it back
to you R.A. other than the disappointment and the lack of excitement in these games which I thought
in game three it was pretty exciting what else have you seen from this series honestly I haven't
been that entertained by it, to be frank.
It's just been like I said, it's been a blowout.
It's 3-0, 4-0.
It's not enough to keep you entertained.
I mean, obviously, you want better games out of it,
but at the same time, I think it's going to go 6-7.
What series has entertained you, R.A.?
Why don't we hop to that?
We don't need to talk about Toronto and Tampa.
We're only three games in.
It looks like it's going to be tied 2-2 going back to Toronto.
What series has interested you the most?
I like this Minnesota-St. Louis one.
I know they've been kind of beating up on each other a little,
but it's two contenders.
I would say this is the closest series out there
as far as teams competitively close to each other.
I know St. Louis beat up on them
once. Fucking Minnesota got
back at them. But I think these are the two
closest teams out there. So I've been
enjoying it. There's been some bad blood out there.
Marc-Andre Fleury's gotten three straight starts.
I know everyone thought Cam Talbot was going to get in there.
They bring in Fleury. They don't waste them. They bring
them in. They throw them right out there. How do you think
Cam Talbot feels right now? Do you think he's a team guy?
Like, obviously, he's going to say the right thing.
Well, they talked.
They had a talk with him as soon as it happened.
And I don't.
I mean, was he probably upset?
I thought it was Cam Talbot's net to lose when Fleury came over.
And I thought he lived up to every expectation,
given that amount of pressure where you have that internal competition.
I was actually surprised they did start with him.
I actually wrote down in my notes where if I was a coach,
I would have actually started Talbot.
But boy, was I wrong.
I think that he's been solid in every game in this series, even today.
I know what they lose.
What was the final?
It ended up being 5-2.
Yeah.
Today he was okay.
Well, buddy, I mean, the late charge probably didn't like the goal from o'reilly
when it was already four two and they already scored the empty netter and realistically three
two game in my opinion right so i think even i i think he even made a like a gesture after the
goal like ah fuck like when after the o'reilly goal with his glove basically being like yeah
that one's on me squeaker but i mean other than that, man, I felt that he kept him in that game early.
I thought in the first period, St. Louis was all over him.
I thought it could have been way more than 1-0.
Although, did the first period end 1-0?
That game, well, it was 1-1 when it should have been 5-0.
Correct.
St. Louis was dominating Game 4.
I actually, I kind of agree with the whole sense of Talbot was great when Fleury came over,
as was Fleury, and it's like, you go with the cup winner.
You go with the cup winner.
Maybe after game one, I was a little bit surprised Talbot didn't go in
with the beating the Blues put on, but boom, the next two games, what happens?
The storyline and goal switches.
It switches sides because the the wild get 11 goals
in games two and three they dust the blues both of them and we get jordan binnington back in net
for game four this guy i couldn't believe i i i think i knew this i just hadn't remembered his
last win was game seven of the cup finals yeah nine straight losses coming nine straight losses and so you can imagine the the
stress and the feeling of of probably for him not only am i in this to kind of save this series we
can't go down 3-1 going back to mini but also like i gotta i just gotta get that win i gotta get that
win i gotta get back on the winning side i gotta feel good i'll get the next start if i get a win
and there was a couple sketchy moments down the end uh a horrible pinch by perunovich the defense oh my god we've seen some pinches now for people
who aren't necessarily sure what a pinch is i'm pretty sure everyone does know and by the way
you brought up santa claus if you got a kid that's young enough that he doesn't know santa
claus fake and you're allowing him to listen to this podcast, you deserve that and probably jail time.
But back to the pinches.
When you're playing in the playoffs and specifically in a third period,
one goal game, when your team's leading as a defenseman,
you cannot pinch at the offensive blue line unless you are 100 certain
that the center or a winger is behind you
to make sure it will be a two-on-two if it were to happen.
Even then, you don't want to because why have a two-on-two against the forward?
You've seen different instances in this playoff so far of defensemen going in,
not getting the puck, and then not even getting the man.
Today it was Hartman.
He had a blatant chance, and Binnington made a huge right-pat save.
Big time.
The game would have been tied.
You see some mental, I don't know, mistakes.
Brain farts.
Brain farts going on.
I want to touch on the odd man rushes.
Talk mentioned it.
I think he had Jazz, our statistician at TNT, bring it up.
Good name.
Stop me dead on my tracks.
Fuck, now I lost my train of thought, goddammit.
Talk did that to me on the TNT broadcast, too, the other day.
He fucking jammed me up.
Okay, yeah, odd man rushes, excuse me.
I think there have been 16 goals on odd man rushes.
And sticking with this series, in game three, right off the hop in St. Louis,
Perenko ends up dipping in. Mind you, in game three right off the hop in St. Louis Peranko ends up dipping in mind you in game four you said it wit he was probably the best guy on the ice via text unbelievable he ends up dipping in and what you're talking about too on these
pinches is you're saying that unless you have that forward support f3 the high guy if he's not
if he's not above that center or guy in the middle of the ice,
you cannot go dipping in.
And then, of course, the obvious is you can't get beat by your winger along the wall as that puck comes up.
But he looks peripherally.
It looked like Perron was in good shape.
And then next thing you know, puck goes by him.
And Eric Sinek, who at the time peripherally looked like he was behind Perron,
gets shot out of the cannon.
Greenway opens up perfectly, back down the other way,
and boom, in the back of the net before you know it,
they're down 1-0.
So some massive, massive brain farts that we're seeing.
And I was asking Taka, I said, why do you think that is?
He goes, I think it's because all these guys,
especially when at home, the adrenaline's pumping
and you're getting overzealous.
And to be fair, and then he also brought up Sidney Crosby.
He goes, but to be fair, he says, Pittsburgh's a very structured team.
So normally that F3 is above his guy.
And when that puck comes along the wall, if that D is not on his toes and maintain that possession inside the zone and then backs off
and all of a sudden they got a backtrack,
he comes back to the bench usually and goes,
Latang, wake those fucking guys up.
Be on your toes.
You have that F3 support.
We need to keep that puck in the offensive zone.
But to go even further, know who the hell is on the ice.
Sticking with the odd man rush theme, a defenseman for L.A.
He's on the ice with Dreisaitl and McDavid.
First game in L.A. where they end up getting spanked.
Same thing.
He dips in.
Dreisaitl and McDavid, two best fucking players in the league,
down the other way and perfect execution on that two-on-one
as McDavid waits,
waits for Roy's stick to come over, baits him in perfect little sauce. So we are seeing tons of brain farts defensively.
As I mentioned, talk said,
he thinks it's because guys being overzealous over hyped up over horned up
offensively, and it's leading to all, all these odd man rush goals.
So I've also i've said the
word odd man rush uh enough times for for your guys brain to explode so i'm gonna hand it up
hey kairu's goal today holy shit well did he have two actually though in between the legs
one of the most beautiful goals i've ever seen. I couldn't believe the poise he had.
Then Flowers kind of swimming.
He backhands it in.
I mean, that guy, these two teams are so evenly matched.
Kaprizov's been the best player in the series, right?
He said he's the best player in the series.
He has been.
Binnington made a huge save on him late in the third today as well,
with a shoulder on kind of that wraparound Peter Forsberg shot.
But up 4-0. 4 nothing for nothing series is tied that was the goal we needed to make sure it was over paul campbell save this guy's confidence holy shit oh ross colton what
did i say now he's got a goal this guy's an absolute all right we get it move on you um
what else in uh oh in minnesota uh so penalty show we're gonna talk about the penalty
shot yes one there we go baba chef i thought it was a nice defensive play by bro dean fucking
they called penalty shot it was a stick check what like was that a penalty shot or just a
fucking nice defensive play i have a statement to make about um penalty shots, goalie interference, tripping,
you know, hooking, anything you can think of, really.
I don't know what's a penalty.
I don't know what's a goal.
I don't know anything.
Okay, so which goaltender interference do you have an issue with right now?
Let's talk about it.
Off the top of your head, what was the worst non-reversal or reversal
that you saw?
Okay, I'll say this. So the Capo caco one brutal no no like i agreed that was goaltender interference so i don't i don't get
the fans that say it wasn't and then the one i actually i actually thought in colorado yesterday
it wasn't called goaltender interference and i thought it kind of was like his skates blocking
the goalie i don't okay i don't get it i don't get it kind of was like his skates blocking the goalie
i don't okay i don't get it i don't get it there's times defenseman pushed the player in and it's
still not called it or it is called i i'm i i think i'm confused with all okay so let's go back to the
new york one the reason i said and i had a couple rangers fans one specifically this fucking donkey
i said on the on the tnt broadcast when he's going into the net
he starts on the right side of the ice and he's heading towards the left side of the ice his
blades are facing that way and maybe towards the end slightly you start seeing a little bit
of snow nowhere near the one you saw by leckanen in the colorado game So regardless of the fact that he ends up bumping in
with the Pittsburgh defenseman,
there's no way he would have stopped in time
to not hit Louis Domingue.
And he did end up hitting Louis Domingue,
and that's why they called it off.
You can't, when your blades are headed that way
and how close he was to the goaltender
with the amount of speed he had
going into the net there's not a chicken dick's chance in hell that he's going to get stopped in
time but these fucking idiots who never played at a high level nor never played have never skated
that fast and know that you wouldn't have been able to turn your blades in time to not run into
louis de ming now let's switch over to colorado nashville okay so the the sole argument
of the call will be whether you thought that the nashville defenseman pushed leckanen in enough
to cause him to make contact and i didn't okay still thought it would be no goal
which is which is fair so if that's your thinking the listen now that one was a complete
coin toss the reason why i thought it should have counted is because well his momentum is going that
way and he did have that guy in his back and i think that that probably caused him to run into
the defense or not the defenseman the goaltender ing. Now, Ingram does move his skate outside the crease.
One thing that Coho said was, it doesn't matter.
You're not allowed to impede the goaltender's position to make the save.
But I figured given the fact that Lekkonen made the attempt to stop
in which he was stopping, his blades were turned in a stopping position,
and you saw the amount of snow
that was coming up in that stop i thought with no push in the back he would have been able to stop
in time now here's what's crazy and here's what i'm hearing because it was a 50 50 that that call
was sent to toronto and then toronto was unable to make a on. So it's on the refs?
So it's on the ice.
So they send it back to the officials for the 50-50 and say,
if your original call was that and that's how you felt about the play,
you make the call.
Now, people hearing that at home might say, that's fucking chicken shit.
You have millions of dollars of software to get every angle, blah, blah, blah.
I honestly, if I was in Toronto, I would have called that a goal.
And that was pretty much the series because if that would have been disallowed,
well, I mean, I'll refrain from that statement.
It could have been a lot closer because all of a sudden now that's games 3-3
as opposed to now it's 4-3 and then they put the abs back on the power play
and we all know what happens when that happens, especially in game three,
they were just snapping around kale McCarr in game two,
dude,
dude,
that might have been the greatest playoff performance by defenseman.
We have ever seen 11 shots.
Not even recency bias folks.
I'm going to say this freak of nature.
I got nothing.
Sorry. Christ. The wheels
are really falling off. I got carpal
tunnel in both wrists from giving
fucking Roman Yossi hand doogies all
season long. I think with that one
game, I would be willing to say
give him the Norris. I know you people at
home are saying that's a playoff game. That's
nothing to do with who wins it. But they
already voted.
Well, then they should fucking ask for their ballots back and change it up or make it a revote so some of you are i'm sure a lot of you are disagreeing with my breakdowns on those two
goalie interference i think that they both were very similar and that's what people seem to be
comparing in the confusion but biz would you not say that
these people have a little bit of a a gripe and a legitimate complaint that it's that confusing
you can't keep everybody happy i think that we can all agree on each of those were 50 50s and
then you have to pick a side so we i gave you the breakdown of probably the thinking uh between toronto and the officials
and everybody involved making the decision in that they had to come to one and why i thought
that the coppo caco one should not have counted and then why the other one should have so i know
i i know i've been a little bit if it goes to Toronto, they should have to make up the call
because these refs, the game is so quick.
They're doing what they can.
Yeah, they call it a goal on the ice.
Toronto should not be allowed to say, like, sorry, boys,
there's six of us sitting in a room.
We can't figure it out.
You guys basically decide.
But I also kind of disagree because, like, the ref on the ice who made the call,
like, he's got control of the game.
He's saying, listen, we saw exactly what you saw.
We saw that this was a 50-50.
Do you believe that it should count?
Because it was.
Okay, I want to ask G and RA.
Do you guys not agree specifically the one in Colorado, Nashville,
was a complete 50-50 with that?
Ingram kind of put his skate outside the crease,
which changed things up last second. And the guy was also on his ass and he did in fact,
make an attempt to stop. I mean, I'll jump in. I watched it at the office and everyone
at that I watched it with, I probably watched with five or six different people. Everyone was
indifferent on the, on the call. So it was, okay. So is there any, all right. So G or R.A.
on the call.
So it was a toss-up.
Okay, so is there any other call in sports besides is it a catch,
not a catch in the NFL that is like this?
Great question.
Maybe a strike or a ball in Major League Baseball.
Yeah.
I understand Biz's point of like, yeah, there's like a bunch of 50-50s. You got to pick a side.
My whole thing is like I don't know if it's the speed of the game
or the crease determining different factors in terms of inside the crease,
outside the crease.
It is fucking confusing.
And it's becoming even more of a storyline what seems like every season
with this year being basically the number one topic people are talking about
so far in the playoffs.
There's how many of their bench?
Seven?
I had a note somewhere.
It's like every other game.
It seems like there's some,
one of these calls are interference and,
and business to go back to the thing.
I thought,
I mean,
I know what disagree.
I thought Dumoulin totally pushed Kako into fucking his own goalie.
I don't know how people.
I know,
I know I did.
And I acknowledge it fully,
but I,
I think I'm pretty good about like putting that aside.
I thought he put like, pushed him into the guy that we've seen it i mean we've seen calls go the other way where
a guy had that same similar contact and they all right okay so so i also agree with you and i did
mention that so i don't want people to think that i didn't um say the same thing about the capo
caco one but that's doomlin's ice just as much as capo caco so if
he's heading that way regardless what was he hey was he gonna jump over the goalie last second
i don't know he definitely didn't make an attempt to stop so you gotta call it no goal in my opinion
but if he doesn't push him he might not crash into him i mean, but he also didn't push him. He met him. He met him for contact at the side.
If you rewatch the replay compared to the Lekanen one,
Dumoulin's on his side.
On the other one,
the defenseman's on Lekanen's back.
That's the differentiation in my opinion.
What about the Luchich one in Dallas on Saturday night?
No.
That stood up as a goal.
I agreed with that one
but there was dallas fans furious well i mean then they're idiots because ottinger clearly ends up
kicking out his leg outside the crease last second what's luchich supposed to do the ottinger in that
situation initiated the contact outside the crease not luchich and from the overhead angle it might
look like he ends up like hitting his head or
his upper body he didn't he completely avoided his upper body so there's no excuse on that one
and fucking calgary needs all the help they can get so we'll get to them and yeah yeah yeah i know
we will but i know we kind of have we jumped over from the the the barbachev uh penalty did you guys
want to summarize anything else about the Minnesota St.
Louis series?
I was just going to touch on the fact that you said Capri soft.
I think he's tied an organization record for most goals in a playoff
series with five.
And there's still probably another,
what?
Three games to go.
Cause we think this one's going seven.
He's got more records than the Beatles right now.
Yeah.
And then with, for sure.
The Erickson, Ek, Foligno, and Greenway line have been tremendous.
St. Louis' back end is leaking oil.
Scandella definitely playing banged up.
Overall, very, very gutsy performance from that St. Louis back end in game four
in order to respond despite being as banged up as they are.
And that's pretty much all I had on the St. Louis Minnesota series.
I noticed a lot of Minnesota fans.
Granted, I hate saying this because it is online I'm seeing,
but all over Dumba, all over Dumba. and you saw him today on the Cairo goal he
just kind of reversed it to O'Reilly to completely no one and then Cairo walked him so I mean at
times I think that kid could be a big difference maker but to hear as many Minnesota fans down in
his game as it seems it was a little surprising to. I don't watch them as much as fans are
watching all 82, but you do notice that when talking about the defense of both teams, Minnesota
has a big time advantage with Krug out and Scandella battling injury. I thought Falk and
Pareko were awesome today and that series is going seven. And now you got, now you got a
Biddington back in net with some swagger that he's always had. So we'll see what happens at Game 5.
I'm kind of guessing here, but I think over the course of NHL history
and playoff series, I think Game 5 winners, when it's tied 2-2,
go on to win 75, 80 of the time.
So you'll see in these next few games how important these Game 5s will actually be.
Something on a lighter note, there was a really nice feature on riley
ryan o'reilly's mother of course it being mother's day so shout out to all you moms out there i know
it's monday but uh you know yoli you sacrificed and and did so many things for me i love you to
death um have a happy mother's day uh but my mom's in amsterdam probably getting cranked
your mom is yeah she's over there probably eating brownies.
Space cakes.
Why is she in New Amsterdam?
Well, she's in Amsterdam.
New Amsterdam.
Oh, yeah.
Pink Whitney.
She's with a bunch of friends.
They went over for a European trip.
So, you know, you shout out your mom.
I shout out Susie.
I love you.
What is real quick?
If I could jump in one shout out to my mom.
Love you, mom.
But I've been emailing with Yoli all week.
The Bissonettes are going to be rolling deep to the Chiclets Cup from what I'm hearing.
Yeah.
Lots of family members.
Yeah.
Well, yeah, they're going to be there for his funeral when he gets fucking stabbed in the neck by a Sabres fan.
Those are actually whack them.
I actually hired them all as security.
Keep it in the family.
I got the 20 percent.
And you save money. on me only got to pay
him five bucks a day i'm an expense for it first gotta get killed by barstool he's gonna be the
first guy to get murdered but catch all right i thought you left hey buddy what's going on man
i try to get a fucking word in the next one you two um but the the reason why uh ryan o'reilly's
mom was uh brought up was because she donated a kidney to Derek Nesbitt, who we ended up doing the, the ECHL jungle series video with his father.
And I ended up getting a chance to, yeah, it was, it's an unbelievable story.
They grew up in a small town in Ontario. Wow. Yeah. And, and, and,
but Ryan O'Reilly, their family,
I believe their father's named a Bill O'Reilly. They, they a foster home, and they fostered many, many children growing up.
So Ryan just spoke highly of his mother.
It's an awesome feature.
I ended up retweeting it.
So all you people who have Twitter, go watch it.
My words are not doing it justice.
And just a very emotional feature on Mother's Day.
So all you moms out there, I know there's like four of you listening to our podcast.
We've got a strong male demographic.
But you guys deserve it.
We love you.
And anything else, R.A.?
That's amazing because I would  to give a kidney to  it wasn't a stranger, but I would never give one because in case my family needed one.
So the fact she did that is that is so honorable and amazing.
And then it ends up being Nesbitt, who you've done a lot of stuff did that is that is so honorable and amazing. And then that,
that it ends up being Nesbitt who you've done a lot of stuff with.
And that's a really cool story.
I had no idea.
Kudos to anyone who donates a kidney.
That's a huge deal.
Boys.
We're talking all playoffs.
If there are playoff games in your town and you want to see a game and
you want to get tickets last minute and you want great seats,
where do you go with game time?
Boom.
Game time is the exclusive ticketing partner of Barstool Sports,
and they make it easier than ever to score last-minute tickets on sports,
concerts, and shows, and they guarantee the lowest prices.
Game time.
Crack the code on how to score late deals for last-minute tickets.
I'm telling you, there's no better way to snag tickets.
G, tell us what you did.
Hit a B's playoff game, baby.
That's the goal. That's the goal with Game Time what you did. Hit a B's playoff game, baby. That's the goal.
That's the goal with GameTime app.
Get me to a B's playoff game.
I've had a bunch of messages from people that they went to different Stanley Cup playoff games using GameTime so far,
kind of thanking us for teaching them and showing them about GameTime on spit and chiclets.
So this thing is no joke.
This is a legitimate, full-blown, successful product that you guys will really like and enjoy if you want to go to a game, a concert, or anywhere else that sells tickets.
R.A., I've had a bunch of people DMing me for the promo code for this GameTime app.
Obviously, I'm at TNT.
Not a big deal.
I won't be going to games.
But what is the promo code once again?
It is you download the game time app you go to to the account tab you create a login and you
redeem the code chiclets for 20 off your first purchase terms do apply but listen man i've been
to so many events all over the place and it's a pain in the ass yeah well sometimes you gotta
sneak in but other times i have paid full freight wit and you know what you sometimes you need a
hookup sometimes it's gonna be last minute dude game time is the best. I'm telling you, no more
waiting around for deadbeat scalpers out from the
building, some shady cat or
I don't even got to name websites that might have ripped you
off. Game time hooks you up.
Code Chicklets, 20
off your first one. Boom.
See you at the playoffs.
Beauty. So we've just
summarized. I think we did a pretty good
job summarizing that Minnesota St.
Louis series.
I mean, I don't mean to pump my own tires here, G, but what'd you think?
Do we miss anything?
Don't think, I think you guys hit it.
Well, the problem is I hope people at home knows, you know,
we're watching every series, right?
So it's like, if you're watching just one series,
if you're just like diehard blues fan,
you're not even really watching that much other NHL.
There's going to be a certain few things that we miss.
But overall, we're just trying to hit on these main topic points with so much action.
We got four games every single night.
So now my wheels are spinning.
Yeah.
Sixteen teams, eight series.
A lot going on.
But we try to do what we can here.
Sick math.
How are you?
How are you?
Oilers, Kings boys. We got to do what we can here. Sick math. How are you? Oil is King's, boys.
We got to... Ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha.
Ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha.
Holy shit, do we look good.
Biz, you're fucking panicking.
You're panicking.
You and your team look like shit.
You have three goals look like shit.
You have three goals in three games.
We have about 17.
We're playing against a team who gave up less goals than Dallas.
More goals, maybe, actually.
More goals.
No, which one is it?
Either way, it doesn't even fucking matter.
Your team sucks.
We're up 2-1. Sunday night, night tonight we're going up 3-1 you can call them an ahl team you can rip on
the organization that gave you that final chance it gave you that caller cup you can be mean to
their fans and their players alike but we are playing it's a better hockey team than dallas
and we're fucking embarrassing them.
And then on the other fucking side of the aisle,
we got the Calgary Flames who look like shit.
And I'll tell you right now, Edmonton went on this run at the end of the year,
and Mike Smith had the horrible game won and that brutal giveaway.
He's looked amazing since.
He's looked unreal.
Oh, everyone's panicking.
I think Danone and Kopitar are going to shut down the Oilers.
Nope.
Because we also have Evander Kane, who has five goals already,
who's buzzing around playing amazing hockey.
Yamamoto's a force.
He looks great.
The Oilers, everything's clicking.
Everything's coming together.
My ear could not be safer.
My body feels like I could still play the game that's how fired up
the oilers have me and there's probably times throughout the season that maybe i still could
play on the oilers blue line i'm not trying to say it's the red wings with lindstrom chelios
it's the oilers blue line we don't but we have two of the best players, maybe of all time, in McDavid and Dreitzel, who are both buzzing.
We have a team, LA, who's scared shitless of us,
and we have a fan base that is ready to fucking explode
when we play the Dallas Stars next round,
and we watch you on TV with your stupid bald head up top.
All right, well, I think everybody listening can agree
that Dallas is a better team.
Oh, really?
Why?
Why?
I don't know.
Because the regular season wasn't that way.
No shit.
Well, they've turned it on.
They look way better.
It's not even close.
Or does Calgary look like shit?
No, I think Dallas is playing them hard. Let's go back to Edmonton.
First of all, the arena guys at the Staples Center,
what the fuck are you doing?
Oh, yeah. What the hell were they thinking? They wouldn't turn the
lights on for him and they kept the nets from him
because I guess they were like five minutes early.
Then they get them fired up
and then they go on with this onslaught. One guy
you didn't even mention was Nuge.
What do you have? But what did I say?
Did I tweet Grinnelli? He was going to have a
huge bounce back game.
I know this team like I know my hog with all the time I've spent holding my own hog.
That's how well I know this team.
I know my team like I knew my hog when I was 14 years old, the summer of like 99, whatever it was, 97.
You know when you just know your hog as well as ever?
That's how I know the oilers and i
knew nudes would come bouncing back and the rink guys let me talk to all these people online who
are so stupid and never played the sport they were all over me i said you're delaying the inevitable
give them the nets let them skate let us kick your ass tonight which happened they're like the ice
isn't ready you can't put nets on ice that hasn't dried yet.
Yeah, you can.
Give us the nets, turn the lights on, and get the fuck out of our way
because we're going on to round two, and you guys are going to be left
holding your own hogs on Manhattan Beach.
Yeah, I know I pissed off a lot of L.A. fans by saying AHL team,
and you mentioned they gave me that last opportunity in order to win that Calder cup.
I'm not going to apologize,
but if you didn't notice that I was trying to go for the reverse jinx,
you're a fucking moron. This did,
did I think that Edmonton was going to win the series? Yes.
Did I need to go as deep as saying they're an AHL team and disrespect guys
like Kopitar, Deno, uh, quick, you know, guys who have been there and
done that and hoisted the cup twice. I'm sorry. I'm sorry to those guys, but I'm not sorry for
trying to reverse jinx the Oilers, at least bringing it to seven to exert some of their
energy before going against the Flames. Now, to say that the Flames-Dallas series, like,
Now, to say that the Flames-Dallas series, like, it's got me shook, dude.
I couldn't even talk on the TNT Broad.
That segment we had to do coming out of that game, I was shook.
Buddy, did you see it?
Did you watch it? You actually looked.
I couldn't talk.
You looked like you saw a ghost.
The ghost of Peter Manspitz.
I got a question about Peter Mansbiz.
You're a little faded up on the sides.
I don't even think you're going to be able
to do that. Another thing!
I heard your part in my take,
buddy.
It's a month.
It's a month, just like my earring
with the month. One week? What are you
talking about? Go back to the
tapes. It's a month. Gee, I think I said one week for the Peter talking about go back to the tapes it's a month gee i think i
said one week for the peter man's biz on the broadcast go back find the clip i i don't think
i agreed to a month i think you said you were going to have the earring for a month whatever
i said on the podcast i will do i will do i will i'm a man of my word and some of you people coming
at me about the part of my take though thank you you know oh you didn't end up getting chopped guys i consulted my doctor and
he said yo this is a bad idea so i gave you guys the peter man's biz as a backup and we are not
looking good so you will be able to laugh all you people listening especially you rangers fans that
i called fugazis you guys can have your cake and eat it too with me on the broadcast looking like a fucking idiot so i don't know if we want to go
back at all ra what did you think so far this la edmonton series uh it's obviously to me it's done
in five and i agree with you i think they're going to go up three one i think la is done
that missing dowdy is just it's just too much. That's the only
really chance they might've had at maybe putting up a fight in this one. Edmonton is rolling.
They have their feng shui, the mental strength of Smitty, knowing that the fan base is questioning
goaltending coming into playoffs, regardless of the way he finished the series with tell me that
there wasn't a question mark of going back to costkin and after he threw that pizza in the third period up the middle to cost them the game and him having
the mental fortitude to fucking shut it down and not i don't think he allowed the goal the next
four periods and he has looked unbelievable he looks like that smitty that led my fucking
arizona coyotes to the conference finals and it's scaring the shit out of me. If in fact we do get the battle of Alberta.
So shout out to Smitty.
Shout out to the Oilers.
Edmonton deserves this at least to get to the second round.
And I'm shaking in my boots.
What do you got?
All right,
guys,
the bet was biz.
Nasty has to wear the Peter man's biz haircut for one week.
And what has to do Barry Bond's earring for
one month why would I why would I do it a month because I'm on national fucking television what
are you talking about and gee to go back to your statement so I had a haircut planned to do the
fade I'm not I will not get a haircut on the side here until the first round is over.
Keep an eye on that.
Whit,
keep an eye on that.
Cause that's going to be his.
No,
no,
no,
no,
no,
no,
no,
no,
no,
no,
no,
no,
no,
no,
no,
no,
no,
no,
no,
no,
no,
no,
no,
no,
no,
no,
no,
no,
no,
no,
no,
no,
no,
no,
no,
no,
no,
no,
no,
no,
no,
no,
no,
no,
no,
no,
no,
no,
no,
no,
no,
no,
no,
no,
no,
no,
no,
no,
no,
no,
no,
no,
no,
no,
no,
no,
no,
no,
no,
no,
no,
no,
no,
no, no, no, no, no, of Alberta and Calgary does lose that series,
I will then do the Pat.
No,
I folks at home.
Let us know what you think.
Your hair is so short on the side right now.
If Calgary moves on,
you can't cut your hair,
dude.
That's what I'm saying.
That's what I'm saying.
It's too short.
All right.
It's going to go to you.
So it would be a little bit longer than this
Because we would have a
Basically
It would be a full two weeks
Let's say one round takes two weeks
This is about
Eight days
Would this not be good enough
On the sides
And then a shaved top
Like what are you talking about
Yeah
Just
Whatever you did before
Biz
Just do that
You look like Bob Bull
From Mike Tyson's punch out
It's perfect
Like I don't think it has to be too long or short on the sides.
Well, unless I get extensions, I can't.
So I'll make you  fine.
I'll make you this long.
If Calgary wins, you can't get a cut until after the second round,
which will either be man's biz or you'll get whatever you want.
Yeah, but then my hair grows fast.
I'm going to look like I did on the first TNT broadcast.
You look great, dude.
You have good long hair.
Buddy, go back.
Gee, pull up the picture for the people at home.
The picture of my first broadcast.
My hair looked horrendous.
And then I got sprayed with the makeup paintball gun.
I looked like a clown on national television.
Send them the picture right now.
And I want to see Witt's reaction.
It was the makeup that did it, though.
Then we showed you the real makeup fuck up of me when I was the orange man.
That's true.
How about this?
I wanted to have a clean cut for the second round going into the Battle of Alberta if we get it.
I think we do it to a pole for the people at home.
Keep in mind, I'm still going to look fucking stupid.
So at least allow me to have a good haircut on national television for the second round if we
do get the hockey gods come together and decide that we should get what we deserve in the hockey
world which is of course the battle of alberta um edmonton uh what else did i have about them
oh if you go into the game game five Edmonton, probably looking to close that series
out and move on to the second round with rest and rejuvenation and time as it looks like Calgary,
you know, to win that might have to go seven now. Look for your boy, the wit dog on the big screen,
sending the Oilers faithful, a big time pump up video. I would be there if I could be there.
I got a lot of stuff going on, but I'm going to be on that big screen getting you guys going.
You're going to be on the Jumbotron.
That's what you did.
You always pumped me up.
You always supported me.
You always cheered me on.
I was one of your favorites.
I'm going to call this.
But I'm going to just return the favor no matter what.
I'm going to promise to take care of you.
I'm going to call this. But I'm going to just return the favor no matter what. I'm going to promise to take care of you. I'm going to call this right now.
The minute that video hits the Jumbotron,
that team is going to tank harder than anything you've ever witnessed
in your entire life, and I cannot wait for the demise of the Oilers
once you do.
Do it.
Put them up.
If I did that and they were up 3-1 and then lost that game
and lost 6-7,
I still wouldn't be hated as much as when I was playing there.
Whoever the PR guy or the video jumbotron guy is,
put your fucking resume on LinkedIn because the minute that video hits,
watch what happens, and you're going to have to go into the witness protection program.
Gadzik, our buddy Luke Gadzik, he's there.
He was chugging beer
so maybe i chug some pink whitney i don't know i gotta think about now he's overthinking it now
he's overthinking it no i'm really not i'm really not um all right what have you seen in the la
series i know we've kind of interrupted you 20 times but that's right you start the show with
the pink whitney ad the way you did i mean come on because on. Because he was watching a movie. He hasn't even watched
the games. Ah, fuck that noise.
You're the one who watches shit when we record, not me,
motherfucker. Yeah, to answer your question
Oh, really? All right. Is that what you're going
with? Oh, it's Mr. Sensitive
now, aren't we?
Okay, what do you got? What was that comeback, R.A.?
What was that? It's a little sensitive.
No, no. I want to hear
what you have to say about the Edmonton L.A. series. Give us a nugget that we haven't mentioned honestly i the series i don't think it's
over yet uh jonathan quick was pulled his last game biz i think he's gonna rebound in a big way
tonight i think la ties it tonight sunday obviously we'll make it at least go six la is not
done let not done they're not dead uh i mean they have a lot of people that didn't think they were
gonna make the playoffs this year.
Mike Smith played great last game,
but, you know, he was terrible the
fucking game before that. I'm not sold on
Edmondson. I'm not sold on the goaltenders.
I think fucking LA can still steal this
fucking series. I'm not just saying that because they got
money on them. Jonathan Quick, again,
anytime a number one goalie gets fucking yanked,
he comes back the next game full of
pride. they haven't
started yet i think they went tonight make it a goal at least six actually you know what all right
i'm there i'm i'm 50 50 now and the reason i say that is because well something clicked in my brain
one of the the better right to the point department all right i'm gonna tend to agree with you here on
maybe maybe i'll go to 50 50 much like we've seen from these coaches challenges on the goalies
um i don't know if you guys heard todd mcclellan's post-game press conference after game
three uh i think he's giving sutter a run for his money uh granite roll the tape you know what we
can do this really quick tonight i can summize it all up for you we can all go home um we weren't
any good we're really disappointed We got trapped playing their game.
You can ask me about individuals.
I'll give you the same answer for all of them.
They weren't any good.
And we have to regroup tomorrow.
Grunny didn't play because he had an injury.
Anybody have anything else?
Good night.
So, right to the point. He basically gave the whole breakdown quickly,
asked any reporter,
if you ask me about any player, I'm going to give you the exact same response.
Anything else?
Not one reporter asked a question, and he was out of the room in no time.
Bill Belichick was getting jealous at how quick the fucking word count was
on that post-game press conference.
So, Witt, I don't think you're shaking in your boots.
I don't think you're scared.
I think you think that the Edmonton Oilers are still going to rout the LA Kings.
And I tend to agree with you.
I think Hyman, this is why you sign a guy like Zach Hyman.
And he's looked phenomenal.
As the entire team has.
One game, game one loss, no panic, boom.
I didn't necessarily think it completely through when picking the Oilers this year
in terms of the 10 o'clock Eastern starts.
I mean, these, you know, you're fired up watching the seven o'clock and all of a sudden you got to just rebound.
And then the second intermission of the West Coast game.
Luckily for us, the games are fucking over by the second period.
So I can just put my ZZZ sleeping emoji on the Twitter app.
The only reason you brought up saying that was to say that joke.
The only reason you brought that up was to say that joke.
No, I swear to God, I've been very tired,
but we've been able to just roll through in games.
Way to go.
Way to battle through the adversity.
Games two and three, it's been...
It's over.
He's the projected starter tonight, Biz.
All right.
Thank you, sir.
C'est la vie.
Well, hey, listen, Biz, if you're a business owner who's hiring,
you probably face a lot of challenges when it comes to finding the right person for your role,
especially somebody like you.
Who knows what kind of roles you're putting out there?
That's why hiring can feel like trying to find a needle in a haystack.
When you post a job on ZipRecruiter, their matching technology finds these qualified candidates for you
and invites them to apply.
In fact, four out of
five employees employers who post on zip recruiter get a quality candidate within the first day
no wonder zip recruiter is the number one rated hiring site in the u.s based on g2 ratings
biz have you hired anybody lately we have as a podcast g do you want to mention it yes we just
hired a new uh, video editor.
His name is Elliot Fish.
We're very excited to add him to the team.
Oh, the fish man.
I love it.
Elliot, welcome aboard.
Canada boy, too, from Toronto.
Oh, can't get enough of Canada, guys.
So while other companies give you too many options,
ZipRecruiter finds you the needle in the haystack.
And right now, you can try Zip zip recruiter for free at this web address
ziprecruiter.com slash sc that's ziprecruiter.com slash sc hey there's one thing that la will win
and it's a player with the best tan in the league alex alifalo has to have the best tan he came out
of the womb with a tan i think that guy i don't even think he needs to be in the sun.
He's just got that beautiful, all of dark skin.
Yeah, he's like the next coming of Chelios.
Maybe he lives in the sauna too.
Maybe that's how it's happening.
He rides the bike in the sauna like the legend himself.
Any other tans stick out?
You on TNT, there's no way you're not spray tanning no they do you look dark
right now well okay so i i went hiking a few times before i left arizona so i get if i spend a day in
the sun i get dark obviously being a quarter black i think uh it just kind of flips the switch uh but
is that a flavor saver you got going no it just it's just the shadow. I look like I'm in a holding cell right now.
I've got to bring this light back over.
There we go.
But no, they tend to douse me with a little bit of makeup,
so I try to make sure I tell them, hey, ease off a little bit,
because I do look a little bit silly.
No, I thought you looked handsome, Biz.
I thought you looked fantastic.
Yeah, you look great.
I've had a few people tweet me and go easy on the icing cupcakes,
so I'll take that as a compliment,
and I'll tell them to keep doing what they've been doing it.
In typical Chicklets fashion, we did not mention our guest.
We're not going to bring him on right this minute,
but after this segment, we will.
Nick Foligno, Boston Bruins forward,
who signed as a free agent in the offseason.
We had a nice chat with him.
We've had his brother on, Marcus, a couple times,
so we'll bring him on in a little bit.
But first, we're going to talk about that series with the Bruins they look like they were
dead man walking down to nothing I said they're not going to win the cup this year this looks like
the end of an era well boom they come home rattle off two in a row tie the series up what's your
take on it with dog the tale of two uh two cities right that's a famous book no it was the best of times
it was the worst of times for bruins fans right now you're buzzing brad marchand who had one of
the maybe two of his worst playoff games ever in game one and two just five points this afternoon
on mother's day rockets up to the league leading points in the playoffs with nine. Scored a beauty of a snipe in the third period.
The Bruins go on to tie this thing up.
And I got to shout out my buddy Chris Wagner.
They fucking buried Chris Wagner in the minors all season long.
And he was down in Providence being a pro, getting his paycheck, no escrow,
which is always nice.
And what happens?
They looked like the softest Bruins team I've ever seen in games one and two
getting run out of the building in Carolina,
and they make a lineup switch, and they've looked different.
Let's just say it.
I mean, obviously, Wags is playing on the fourth line,
and you've got Bergeron playing through the stitches he had to get in his eye,
and Marchand, like I mentioned, Pasta stepping his game up.
But to get that physicality and to get a guy to go out there
and to try to decapitate somebody, that changes the vibe of a team.
And when I watch the Bruins team in games one and two,
I mean, Grinnelli and I are the Bruins fans of the pod.
You guys must have been sick to your stomach.
I don't even know what I was looking at.
I don't even know what I was watching.
I was playing golf with a guy who's not even a hockey fan.
He says, what is going on?
They don't even, they're not even like hitting or pushing anyone.
It's like what I, yeah, I usually watch them in the playoffs.
They're always beating everyone up.
I said, it's a different time.
It's a different era.
And this is a different Bruins team, but they switch things up.
And I think I've seen basically what worried me about the Hurricanes
and what had their fans coming at me is like,
it's just, it's a team without a Brad Marchand.
It's a team without David Pasternak.
And this series is far from over,
and Carolina could easily go on to win this series,
but they're not winning the cup either.
Let's be honest here.
They're not, I mean, sucks that Anderson's out,
and Rontas played, and then he's hurt, Ronta's played and he's hurt. They got this
name again. Pitor. Yeah. Very tough. Very tough last name to say.
Brindamore. Brindamore. Furious in both games in Boston. Huh? Looking pissed off today. He was
snapping. I know he was really upset about the one call. I just see this series switching because
Boston got back to its roots. They got back to series switching because Boston got back to its roots.
They got back to running around. They got back to drawing penalties. They got back to pissing
teams off that they played against. So, gee, I know you're hot with the bets. I don't know what
you see, but I'm seeing Marchant up his game and show that he's the best player on either team.
And that's the game changer through four games, even though it's just two, two in the series series just one guy i really want to shout out real quick derrick forbert i mean this guy's
a brick wall out there he had nine blocks he had nine block shots in game three i mean he's just
he's setting the tone out there and after game two i was texting all my buddies like this guy
can't skate he got walked in game two like he looks terrible out there and then game three and
four he's one of the best defensemen on the ice so he's looking incredible out there hey and he had to be too because some
shitty news before game four with McAvoy not being able to play because he was put in COVID
protocol guys I play with Derek Forbert he helped me win a Calder Cup shot blocking machine
excellent penalty killer great stick I'm glad you Bruins fans are coming around on him, or at least you, G.
I just wanted to go back to Brad Marchand and maybe even sympathize for you Carolina Hurricanes fans.
Him going after Petor in game two and pulling off the rat move that he did.
I can understand why every other fan base hates his guts.
can understand why every other fan base hates his guts but all he was doing was getting himself back in the series to head back home to Boston in order to put on the display he has in game threes and
four now we got the game three on the TNT broadcast what's he do he asked the PR guy he goes I want
the pre-game interview how many goals he scored on the TNT broadcast this year he scored six in
the five games we did all season long no way he is mr tnt and every time
he has been our interview before the game he had two
