Hey, Spittin' Chicklets listeners, you can find every episode on Apple Podcasts,
Spotify, or YouTube. Prime members can listen ad-free on Amazon Music.
Hello, everybody.
Welcome to episode 386 of Spittin' Chicklets, presented by Pink Whitney.
From our friends at New Amsterdam Vodka, here in the Barstool Sports Podcast family.
What is up, everyone?
Hope you're enjoying the playoffs so far.
Tons of goals.
Hell of a goalie duel between Dallas and Calgary.
Bunch of entertaining games, and one team's already done so.
We'll get to it in a little bit, but let's say hi to the boys first.
Mr. Grinnell, you produce, so we'll go to you first.
Boys, the Bruins are down, but they're not out.
They may be out by the time some people listen to this,
but they're down, but they're not out, so I'm not too worried.
Bees in seven.
RA's already waving the white flag online.
Yeah, second period of the game, too.
I'm like, this team is not winning the Stanley Cup. Yeah, they haven't they haven't done anything since bista show me they are gonna win
it just tough going right now i i think a completely different uh team at home and we can get in that
to that later as far as the line matchups i'll let you snap it around first tough start for me
i started fucking choking on my own tongue right as we got going there so i'm battling are you crying have allergies colvin or you're just like what's going on over there as soon as
we went went off the hop i swallowed my tongue so tough start for me dash two uh and uh holy
fuck we got some shit to talk about boys this has been absolute chaos where are you coming from biz
i don't recognize that background i I'm in a prison cell.
I smashed some shit in the lobby after Truba elbowed Crosby,
and now they got me in Atlanta prison.
No, I'm just at the hotel at the Four Seasons, man.
Just been chilling.
Went to actually the Atlanta Braves game last night.
The owner of the Braves knows Wayne, obviously.
Wayne knows everybody.
And he got us tickets, so we went down uh myself talk and then uh i met their mascot and what's
this rift between big cat and the atlanta braves mascot the mascot posted a picture and he's like
how could you and i'm like what the fuck is this guy talking about i'm not sure i know he's a cubs
fan i don't know if that has anything to do with it or not you you know what i have no idea i did respect talk saying same nose as you though but he's
got a snout on it he did have a fucking snout on him so uh yeah no it was uh it was a great game
and in the midst of that like towards uh the the second half of the leafs game we made our way back
down into the the box and I was just glued to the television
because some great hockey going on. And, uh,
and we're going to get to that in a little bit, but Hey, how was, uh,
how was everything in NYC? It looked like a blast.
You guys had army pop by.
Yeah, it has been a blast. Merles is with us. Join us. Once again,
we've been doing live streams Monday, Tuesday.
We had the Rangers crew and Monday we had, uh, Merles Mott's, uh,
ring strings come down. Feidelberg joined us as well. Good time,
but let's say hi to Merle's.
Yeah, it's been awesome.
Army got called in to do the Pittsburgh radio.
So he came down to meet for a beer.
And we basically just kidnapped him, said, you're on the live stream.
You don't have a choice.
Get on this boat.
He's calling the wife on FaceTime.
And she's like, where are you going?
What's going on?
And I'm like, no, no more phone calls, Army.
You're on this live stream.
We kidnapped him four or five hours.
It's great to see him.
He's a character.
He's awesome.
He's going Jason Bourne off the grid.
Sorry.
Sorry.
He throws his fucking his phone in the Hudson.
Just like Avery.
Just like Avery's going in there when they get back.
Biz.
Merles and I were chatting today.
I haven't hung out with Army 10 years.
Like maybe his wedding.
I don't know. with Armie 10 years. Maybe his wedding. I don't know.
This guy is exactly
how he was 20 years ago.
The funniest, craziest.
So I go meet Merle
before we're going to walk over
to take the ferry over to the Hoboken house.
And he's like, hey, Armie's coming over.
I'm like, no way.
Comes down immediately.
He's like, look at you guys.
Holy fuck.
Like I said, Saskatchewan people.
So when we get beers, he's like, oh, I'll take a bourbon.
What I'm like, what the fuck? I have a bourbon guy now.
We have some of those. So he's saying we're talking about army.
You got to come back on the show. He's our I think our first guest, correct?
If not one of them. Yeah. And one of the fan favorites,
one of the best guests we ever had.
And then he's always worried he's going to say something that gets himself in
trouble. So what does he do?
He decides to come to a live stream where he actually could say something.
Yeah, exactly. Yeah. Thanks to the bourbon.
Thanks to the bourbon for that decision.
Buddy, his memory of all these stories, we have to get them back on.
It was so fun hanging out with him for a night. And, we we met for one drink at 5 30 and next you know it
was like 2 a.m we were saying goodbye to each other my quickest army memories were at the arena
bar and grill and wilkes-barre and 50 discount so you know i'm fucking at the bar being the the bar
star and there's i think 13 to 15 jagger shots on the bar that he bought. And, and I was like, Oh, I could do all those. And he goes, do it.
I don't know why the fuck I said it. I dubbed every busy idiot within 12 minutes.
Remember those back couches with the big screen where we used to,
we used to eat dinner on like Mondays and Tuesdays. It was chill. Oh dude.
I yucked all over the room. They had to send me home in a cab.
It was just absolute mayhem. But other than that though, I yucked all over the room. They had to send me home in a cab. It was just absolute mayhem.
But other than that, though, it feels like a month ago you guys were on the live stream with Jens and Motto.
That must have been a good time.
Did you end up hitting the links with them?
Yeah, today I got a shout out my buddy John Bedfries, a member at this Ridgewood Country Club,
which I think they had the Northern Trust a few times.
They have the USM this year.
So me, Mott, and Ross, we went over and played.
Me and Ross beat the tits off Bedford and Motto.
But it was a hell of a day.
Place was beautiful.
I made four birdies, two bogeys, and a double.
I shot even.
I birdied the last two holes.
I was like, it was a big boost in confidence in my golf game.
And I barely slept, and my body's not even moving last night so it was a hell of a day for me to get
a little confidence on links but yeah we had a great time with these two caddies from ireland
we just were just giving them nips and mcgillicuddies we had a couple that we brought in
of course we bought drinks out obviously but this course amazing and the caddies were great kids we
had a good day well that makes me excited because we currently don't have a sandbag in the bank.
We did the Joe Watson and I'm drawing a ball for Todd Fedork.
We did his.
We dropped his a few weeks ago, but we got to get back on the link.
When do you think the next time we're probably going to film one is?
I think if you go to the Western Conference finals for TNT, we'll be there.
If you have to stay at TNTnt we'll do one or two at the
cup finals that we'll all be at okay cool so i don't know whatever the i hope colorado colorado
is winning it yeah so i don't know how many people uh we've told i don't know if we mentioned this
in the pod so currently the the plan is to do the first two rounds in studio and we're assuming that
espn who still has to decide which conference finals
they want they have not done so yet so it's backing us up a little bit hopefully they decide
soon we get the other conference final because obviously they have the big tv right deal but
we'll be traveling and going on the road so I've never been able to experience the on the road
broadcast we were supposed to do it at the outdoor game in Minnesota but we never did it so this
would be the first one and then you having you guys there would be fucking awesome so i'm praying
that it's uh colorado calgary and uh and i'm i'm assuming you're you're expecting your edmonton
oilers to be there about a whole you want to start there i mean guys before we move on from
the live streams gotta talk about stew finer i mean he's the reason you don't have a voice right now.
Yeah, for anyone wondering.
Legend.
But this is proof because I'll catch heat.
Oh, my God, your voice is disgrace how you sound.
You're 39 years old.
Grinnelli, I literally was at one live stream with Stu,
and I had a great time, and he sat right directly next to me to my right.
And just that, this happened yeah we left
at 11 o'clock or 12 o'clock like as the late games were ending and already i go look at look at this
it's not me not sleeping and partying it's just stew so talk loud so basically hanging out with
stew on a live stream is the equivalent to going to detroit and baggages come back to back on the PGA four days each. No, it's sitting next to Stu voice wise at a stream is equivalent to Vegas for four nights.
Middle seat Spirit Airlines stop over Frontier Airlines.
Yeah.
And you got to get in a ring with Tyson.
Then three nights in Detroit and two nights sleeping on the street outside the casino.
Hey, OK. Then three nights in Detroit and two nights sleeping on the street outside the casino.
Hey, okay, so actually before we get into hockey,
I know some of you listeners are from Canada,
maybe not the biggest hardcore  hardcore, hardcore, parkour  hardcore barstool fans, but there was a pretty, pretty significant incident
that ended up happening.
Do you guys think we should talk about that now?
And I guess I'll let you break it down, Whit,
because you're probably the closest to Hank of all of us and talk about a
backstab.
If I want to do this now or at the end of the show,
let's save it for the end then, but stick around folks. Cause you know,
we're sending out the hashtag team Hank, as well as Tom Brady,
as well as Julian Edelman.
I'm imagining Bezos is going to spend like a rocket ship with a team Hank
fucking hashtag on it at some point here on spacex if that's not even the other guys
but uh we'll get to that later let's get with the hockey talk do you want to start out with
your fucking oilers mr jumbotron man i i i will let's talk all right do you want to lead us in
we actually did forget and we did forget another huge story that you were going to lead off with
ra yeah i don't know if we want to do the trots first.
The trots bomb?
Well, I mean, that's huge news.
That is just shocking to me.
Shocking, isn't it?
These hoes ain't loyal.
No, no, it's Lou Lamorello ain't loyal.
How about that, Jim?
That was a really good rhyme.
Lou Lamorello ain't loyal.
I think if you're that talented, you can make any words rhyme.
But Lamorello, he brought him in after winning the Stanley Cup. I think if you're that talented, you can make any words rhyme.
But Lamarillo, he brought him in after winning the Stanley Cup,
which I thought, and I think most people agreed,
was bananas that Washington moved on from him.
He's a free agent.
They'd already promised Todd Reardon at the time.
He's not even there now. But a nutso move when you finally get over the top, over the hill,
and win the Cup.
So he goes to Long Island, where I believe they were the worst,
if not the worst, the second worst defensive team in the NHL.
He completely turns the franchise around.
They go to back-to-back Eastern Conference finals.
They're one game away last year from knocking off Tampa,
one goal away basically, and they get rid of him.
And when I saw it, actually, I hadn't checked my phone.
I saw a text from Frankie. He goes, they fired fucking Troxie.
I'm like, what the hell?
Because it made that little sense to me.
Since then, I've kind of heard that there was a disagreement on where the team was headed between Lamarillo and Barry Trotz.
I just find it hard to find any sort of reason that he would think it's, it's after the season they had and the COVID and the injuries and the shit
lock. And you can have a shit or a goal away from being Stanley cup champions.
Yeah, exactly. That was the cup final Montreal was a joke, but, but listen,
after that season this year,
where it was so many bad bounces to decide that the coach was the issue and
it was time to move on. I personally think is nuts.
It's not performance based.
There's no way it's performance based.
There's,
it has to be about the direction of the team in the future.
So RA,
you probably know more about this than anyone.
Julian,
he was the head coach of the New Jersey devils.
I'm not sure exactly what year,
but they were in first place heading into playoffs about
three, four weeks before playoffs.
And apparently there was a disagreement on maybe some coaching decisions that were being
made by Julian at the time.
And Julian stayed firm and said, listen, you're the GM.
I'm going to coach.
And Lou Lamarillo fucking canned him and took over the bench.
With seven games left in the season.
Seven fucking games left in the season, seven fucking games left in the season.
So it's weird.
Cause like you see incidences like that,
but then like you hear from guys who played for Lou Lamarillo and they say
he's like the most loyal guy.
They love him.
They love him.
They love him.
I was chatting with somebody who's worked with him for a while now today.
And like this guy loves Lou Lamarillo.
Like,
and everyone who works for him and the guys who play for him there is some disconnect between him his employees and his players and fans like us who
are like what is wrong with this guy right would you agree with that completely agree and so as
soon as it happens right we don't know what the fucking conversation was in the meeting apparently
in the press conference the word offense came up quite a bit so i think it's pretty well known that barry trotz has a
very very defensive system uh he's able to instill that in a skilled group in washington to where
they were able to go on and win the stanley cup but obviously in my opinion because they they also
had this skill in order to get the goals when they needed them. And they figured out how to play defense to enough degree to where they could,
you know, sustain playoff hockey years and years have gone by where they tried
to play the run and gun style and playoffs. And it didn't work.
They found their coach. They got their guy bingo, bingo.
I will say with the Islanders,
it is to a level of like New Jersey devils,
but almost even worse, suffocating, boring hockey where in today's NHL, you've got to also find a way to generate enough chances.
And I don't know if that's actually being done under Barry Trotz with the group of guys he has there.
Now, another thing, I don't know how much say that Trotz has in in guys in the lineup now you look back to the defon taves trade
i would say probably easily the worst trade of last offseason two second rounders for a guy who
probably most people had made had making team canada like that was a colossal fuck up trade
if if he's getting information from trots on whether he likes to use him or not and and and
that's basically why they got rid of him and he was the decision maybe those types of uh opinions in the meetings that they're having
weigh in effect on the fact that he might have gotten canned another thing that comes to mind
i know i talked in the past about maybe the conflict between barzell and Trotz and how much offensive reigns he can have.
Tell me I'm a fucking moron, but I think that that has some type of impact in the whole type of decision that was being made.
Because if these guys, and correct me if I'm wrong,
were very naive to think that Lou Lamarillo didn't meet with the entire team
after the season and talk to each guy individually what they thought and where they thought the team was going although Lou said that
had no bearing in the decision do you fucking believe that shit I feel like I feel like that
guy doesn't lie I feel like he doesn't really care and he makes up his mind and makes decisions that
he doesn't really care if people disagree or agree with them. I mean, think about what the story you told about the devils,
like nobody in their right mind would have told them that was a good idea.
So maybe talk to the players and we'll never know if what they said,
or they even did say things that they didn't necessarily love playing for
trots. And that got to loot it, decide to make a change from the outside,
looking in though,
they had injuries and all these other legit excuses this season.
And next year, they could have come back with a very similar roster
and gone on a run.
So here, the question is now, is Lou such a successful career
that you can't judge him until we see who he brings in
and how next year goes?
If next year's awful and they're healthy and they have a bad start
and it's the same thing, it's like, what were you doing? Right.
I'll completely agree.
And even going back to the fact that like, you know,
he's obviously got a very honest path.
I was just kind of like trying to figure out what would lead him to end up
making the decision.
Right.
And.
Yeah.
We'll never, we'll never know that guys.
He's still trapped.
What's the password.
The worst name in the English language.
What do you got? All right. In his media uh appearance he said the team needed quote a new
voice and he said he didn't consult with anyone didn't speak to the players about the decision
he only told the owners he was they were going to do it of course it's lou they let him do it he
said i would rather not get into any of the reasons this decision was not primarily made on this
season so i mean it must have been something lingering long time that's been there so either
way it's a it's a shock.
You know, a guy with the third most wins all time
after Bowman and Quenville. So who do you think is going to
replace him? I wrote a few names down here. Babcock,
current assistant Lane Lambert.
Mr. Borelli.
No, I'm serious.
You guys think I got a name for it?
You know where Trotz is going?
You know where Trotz is going? Vegas.
Unless they win the Stanley Cup, Florida Panthers.
You think so?
Hey, what about...
What about Edmonton or Toronto if they don't get out?
Fuck you.
Hey, shut the fuck up, Merles.
You're on the Toronto bandwagon.
Sheldon Chiefs is going to get an extension after this run,
so shut your goddamn mouth.
I mean, every team is going to want this guy.
Yeah.
It goes without saying,
but he's going to basically have guy. Yeah. Goes without saying.
But he's going to basically have to end up deciding,
do I want to go to a... Well, why wouldn't he decide to go to a team
that he considers a contender?
And I'm pretty sure one of the worst rules in the NHL
is going to factor into this.
He still has a year left on his deal.
Somebody has to reach out to Lou,
and then they have to negotiate
on what they're going to get in return to get him as a coach.
When you fight.
Oh, yes.
They're paying their salary.
It is the stupidest fucking rule in the NHL.
Well, what about what about if, you know, to Montreal, Boston rivals?
What if Boston fired their coach?
They're still paying the guy and they do not want Montreal to have him for some reason.
It's like I can kind of see where that would have to have been signed in a in a you know non-disclosure agreement or not not the nine
disclosure what the fuck am I talking about basically you're in jail basically you would
have to uh you would have to like sign that previously but I guess going back to trots
or not trots uh lose decision he probably he's he seems like the type of guy then to wake up
with a gut feeling and then just hey act on it and he's like hey i made the decision it's final let's move on well biz maybe we can send
him a little pink whitney care package to cheer him up because pink whitney helped you our last
two weeks of live streams at the hoboken house make sure you grab some to pay with your favorite
squad if they're still playing if not grab some anyways you can serve it as a chilled shot or mix
it with club soda either way enjoy our five times distilled vodka infused with fresh pink
lemonade flavor.
Gee, who hacked back more nips?
You weren't real this week.
Holy Christ.
I mean, we were trying everything to rally the Bruins rally nips.
I mean, it got to the point where we're using them to kill penalties
because they were just getting every call was going against them.
And we just need we had to kill penalties.
And if you do a nip, it worked.
You were doing it for Sean on goal at one point.
You were sacrificing your life.
That was our jam.
Hey, I'm anything for the team.
I'm a team guy.
Either way, go out and grab some of that good old Pink Whitney.
And now to the playoffs.
Some wild stats.
Six out of eight series were tied after four games,
tied for the most in a single round in NHL history.
And, of course, we know 79 of game five winners go on to win the series.
And those six game fives took place Tuesday and Wednesday.
So no shortage of excitement and on the biggest drama with Edmonton Thursday
after the King shut him out for nothing in game four, you come on the Jumbotron,
get the crowd all pumped up. Adrian Kempe ends it one 12 and OT.
Now have we confirmed, does that, was that an Aaroning dangle to you or was that some other thing?
100.
100.
I have watched that clip more times than people have watched the Zapruder film.
Is that the Kennedy assassination?
Yes.
There is zero fucking chance.
One, he originally goes to, I think, shush the crowd.
Two, he then maybe decides to be like, I can't hear you to the crowd.
Three, it's my left ear getting the earring.
He's on the right side.
There isn't a chance in hell.
And I watched it fast motion, slow motion, everything.
It is 0.01 seconds after he scores the goal.
He is not thinking about me.
And if he is, I fucking think we got this thing at seven.
If I'm on his mind, that close, he has to score on a game winner to go off three two in a series you obviously can't
joke if you think he meant he was did you not read his lips he pointed right to his bum chin
says you stupid idiot look at that stupid bum chin and then he pointed right to his ear did
he get the wrong ear uh yeah but what side was the camera on stupid right on the glass side and did you see
those edmonton oilers fans on the glass side on the glass side on the other side what does that
have to do what do you what does that well he had to expose his ear so everybody could see it to
know what he was talking about now did you see those two oilers fans sprint up the stairs no
as soon as right out of town buddy you saying Usain Bolt just beat that traffic, buddy. The quickest you've ever seen anybody leave their seats.
Now, that 4-0 shellacking, what a response by the Kings.
And then, I mean, Witt.
Oof, the big boys.
Like, I know they get the points and the power plays buzzing,
but there was a couple, I don't know, a couple mistakes there,
specifically on that overtime goal.
He ends up burning McDavid, ends up burning Keith and Shabang.
Kane, who's been fantastic in the series, he fell over.
And from there, it was kind of like you could say he burnt McDavid.
McDavid's kind of standing there flat foot and he has all the speed going.
He burnt Keith.
Keith had had a tough play on an earlier goal on a turnover.
There's just so many turnovers in game five.
Game four, I'll go back to.
Talk about a cold take.
I came on here screaming about how we were going to end this thing
in five games.
That night they played a disgraceful start.
For a team that when Woodcroft came in had good starts,
their starts were a strength of theirs
their starts have been horse shit they got outshot 20 to 10 in the first period in LA game four
and then 16 to 5 at home in the first period game five so you wonder like what and I think
Grinnelli said to me earlier why are they losing I'm like well their D aren't great I mean Smith
I would say last night,
he probably wants a couple of those back.
Oh, yeah.
But the thing about this series,
and no, granted, there was two blowouts.
I wrote it down.
LA has two power play goals in the series.
We have two shorthanded goals.
Our power play is seven for 17.
By the way, they're basically seven for 13 because four of the power plays were in the blowout games.
We didn't even put out McDavid and Leon.
So with those stats, it's Smith's 920 save percentage and quick's 880 and we're down three
two wow that is an anomaly yeah so it's like it's like any sense it's so frustrating to watch this
team because every they they they cannot play one-goal games.
They literally win games 6-3, 4-0.
They lost game 4-4.
You know what I mean?
When it comes down to 2-1, 3-2, close games, they do not win.
They don't have it in their DNA.
They don't have the players to get that done.
And now we're missing Nurse, and I'm fine with the suspension.
I mean, they got him with a head. It's a headlock, right? It's a one-game suspension. now we're missing nurse. And I'm fine with the suspension. I mean, they got him with a head.
It's a head.
That's a one game suspension.
Now we're missing him.
It is an absolute disaster to play this way.
And I really don't have anyone that I'm truly like furious with.
Like there's no guy costing them this series.
It's just overall poor play at the worst possible times.
So we're here now with i mean we're
not dead we had we win game six i'm very confident about game seven seriously but the way quick's
looked it's just we need to get a better start you cannot start this way how about how about
the swing from the way you started the last podcast well i had a voice too then um hey we got to give some props to uh
jonathan quick 10 uh 10 career playoff shutouts that's uh number one all time for u.s born
goaltenders so stick taps to him uh he's i mean you mentioned his save percentage but he's came
up big in in the games that they've won uh he got he ended up getting yanked in the one then get put
back in and then he's uh he's been pretty solid since uh the other thing too is like you talk about these
guys who have stepped up all season long for uh for the la kings well they end up picking up troy
stetcher at the deadline and you know with the injury to dowdy man he's been pretty fucking good
he's been you know making some pretty big plays at some pretty big times and that's just kind of
been the theme of this la kingA. Kings team all season.
Like, wait, you just listed off all those stats.
If you would have listed somebody off those stats at game five,
after game five, to somebody who hadn't watched the series,
they might think it's over 4-1.
Like, that's just how crazy the L.A. Kings season has gone.
Now, you got to also mention Deneau, And, you know, you see that headbutt.
That's just a simple frustration it is to play against that guy.
He puts people in pretzels, man.
And, you know, I doubted his offensive ability when he was playing in Montreal.
But all of a sudden, he comes over to LA and he's got a little bit more help around him
and a better power play.
And all of a sudden, man, this guy's, you know, definitely putting his name on the map,
you know, definitely putting his name on the map, you know,
in these playoffs.
So I don't really have much else on,
on this series guys.
What do you got?
What do you got?
What else?
The Oilers have depleted my bank account,
but it's,
it's not,
it's not over when one game,
like you said,
when one game,
there we go.
Oilers just called up Philip Broberg,
first rounder,
Swedish guy played a little bit up this year.
Bruins got it done without McAvoy.
Nurse isn't that valuable.
We're still all right.
We're still alive.
I'll take the positivity.
Phil Deneau got the score bet cash.
I don't know if you had him or else.
He scored a goal, LA1, a little plus 300 action.
Hopefully some of our fans in Ontario had that.
These are crazy stats, Bill Biz.
The Oilers have somehow lost five straight playoff games
when both Dreisaitl and McDavid score.
And the Oilers have never won a series after going down 3-2 in game five.
So what do you think of Dreisaitl's game last game, Whit?
Yeah, I mean, he was certainly not very visible early on.
But when you score two goals to tie it up,
it's kind of hard in the end to dog them.
I mean, some people would really argue me there and say,
you need to be more complete.
You need to have a better first two periods.
But when you look back at the story of the game, you had two goals.
They lost five, four.
I mean, I don't know.
Fuck.
What do you want?
What do you want me to say?
He's not the reason.
Yeah.
A couple of times, five on five, like, you know,
the guys get caught in behind them and they ended up potting the goal.
I mean, I just,, like, you know, his guys get caught in behind them and they ended up potting the goal. I mean,
I just,
I get what you're saying.
Like his,
his,
his offensive abilities specifically on the special teams makes up for the
mistakes he's going to make.
I guess.
Yeah.
Get one,
give one.
Right.
So you're,
so what do you,
what do you think the issue is if one thing can improve and how do you,
how do you,
how do you feel going in game six?
No nurse.
I talked to a couple of. We're on the game. We feel going in game six no nurse uh i talked to a
couple we're on the game we're on the game six i'm not just went over it we're on the game six
i'm basically bill belichick listening to you try to rattle my cage right now we're on the game six
oilers win we force a game seven all right all right uh meanwhile a few provinces east that
other superstars one game closer to exercising his team's first-round demons.
Piz, with 6.06 left in the game, Austin Matthews converted a what?
A POP for his third of the playoffs.
That gave the Maple Leafs a 4-3 lead.
That held up and a chance to play the winner of Washington, Florida.
Very entertaining tilt.
He's already got five playoff game winners.
Piz, this is a great game.
They were down 2-0.
Battled back Campbells, but outplaying Vassie.
What's your take on that one, brother?
I think I deserve a ring if they do go on and win it
for that coaching I did on the podcast.
You know they're listening about the POP, Witt,
because normally Marner's trying to put that top corner,
but they're learning.
They're developing their game.
We didn't get a chance to talk about this one.
Did you guys see the clip with Nylander going to the corner
and then completely bailing out?
What a bounce-back game, though.
I had a lot of self-control in not sending something out,
basically calling this guy out.
That's as tough as it's going to look.
Now, Witt, sometimes when you're playing against maybe a meathead
and you're going to a puck battle in the corner, a guy like me,
you tend to let that guy even go get the puck first.
I could see sometimes where a fan might be like,
oh my God, does that defenseman ever look soft?
But sometimes the play is assuming that I want to go in
and fucking bang a body and create momentum.
You're not going to give me that opportunity.
That's at least what Talk said.
And I said, buddy, I played against skilled defensemen before
where I was hoping that I was going to go in and get that hit and create the momentum for my team where they were like, no, no, go ahead. And the minute I got it off my stick back.
Well, they're like, let him get it. He'll fumble fuck it in the corner himself. We don't even need to play defense. William Nylander and you're in on the forecheck and you're a forward you better go get that fucking puck first
but since then how about a bounce
back he ended up having two goals in that third
period some people say ah it's junk
time who cares you get his confidence
going the one guy I was worried
about going into game five though was
Tavares not saying he was
playing horrible but the game
before he played 14 minutes
I don't think he got sat it was
just like hey man like you're just not getting it done on the score sheet i was confident i make
that score bet he goes back home and listen that start to the game for the toronto maple leafs
they had nine shots 33 minutes into that game they'd already had four fucking power plays i know
four saying that to you they live nine shots right now and and
and at that point i was like oh my in a shout out to jack campbell i know i was getting a little bit
nervous last podcast about him but what a bounce back you mentioned him out playing uh vasilevsky
he keeps the leafs in it that first 33 minutes and then all of a sudden boom they just end up
catching that wave and i tell you what man
watching that offense and rhythm and when they're fucking going in that building rocking and the
people outside that that was one of those moments where you're like oh my god oh my god they finally
got their playoff confidence i actually truly believe that they are going to make it past the
first round beat the champs and they're going to go on to do more damage beyond.
To me, that was the
turning moment.
And the way that they ended up blowing it,
but then fucking still containing it and keeping it
together, and then to go back, and then specifically
Mitchie Marner, because I thought on that
McDonough goal, I thought he
needed to eat that on the wall.
It ended up going back down, and then it ended up
popping out to the slot, and then I'm like, Jesus fucking Christ christ that's when i let out the big fuck on twitter but to see him
go down do the pop pablo selly fucking after the goal buddy i was so jazzed up merles yeah i'm
fired up our year i'm on it but it's going game seven okay Okay, thank you. Tampa is what? 17-0 and Vassilovsky
16-0 or something ridiculous.
Wait, do you think they're winning game six?
People are going to
laugh me off stage here.
People are listening right now. Yes or no?
Yes, but I guaranteed
it last time that he was going to lose
in the back-to-back. So I don't
think he's getting 17. I
think that the first two lines are humming right
now they need a big big fucking moment from the bottom six and it's probably going to come from
the guy who apparently in the locker room sparked it all yeah i was gonna say jason beach health
bomb the first two games of the series he come in came in game three he looked awesome and apparently
there was a moment in the locker room when i'm sure the boys were other arseholes were puckered up about this fucking tight and he stood up and he said
his piece and and halfway through that period everything changed so ra i don't know if you
have any more quotes about it or or whatnot but i i know i've been rambling but i am fired up
yeah they didn't really get into what he said they tend to keep that stuff private but whatever
he said obviously workers they come out come out, fight up, second
period, came right back, ended up winning the game.
But I want to ask you, Merle, is Tampa
finally out of gas after winning two cups in a
row and just getting to this point? Are they just spent
or are they just getting beat by a
team with more gas? I think Toronto
is a great team and
remember what happened in game four.
It was complete opposite. They dominated
Toronto. We thought the series was over the other way.
So I think Tampa's going to dominate them again
tomorrow, and then it's going to be the game seven
at home, but the crowd is going to get us through.
We're going to get to the next round. I'll say
this, Biz. Memes is here
with us. We love having memes here.
He said they're going
to win game five at home
and then they're going to lose six and
seven. I guarantee it. That seven i guarantee it that was really
good that was really good so so i got a little impersonation i know what spezza said in the
locker room he said he's like austin you want to fucking crush all the instagram fucking only fans
models in the world you bring this town to stanley cup mitchie marner he's like i already am you want
no double the amount mitchie marner you want more
brand deals and to do more cringy commercials online we're gonna get you we're gonna get you
double what you're getting now jack campbell i'm gonna get you the biggest pussycat you've ever
seen in your life man and then they went out there and they fucking stormed back. Spezza! Hey, another guy too, Morgan Riley.
That was a big goal too.
Woo, woo, woo.
Also, the save, it kind of just hit him, but it's good positioning.
But the save on Kucherov right before the Matthews goal by Campbell
was huge, right?
The shoulder.
It was a pretty good shot, kind of labeled for top right.
And, yeah, I mean, I'm nervous.
I cannot lie that the Leafs  the thing about this series is it's like,
I mean, they win this series. They could, they could go on to the cup.
Like they, like I say, you could go on to win the cup,
but if they win this series and they won the Easter conference,
I would not say I'm surprised,
but they just got that one more win to get.
And that's the hardest one they say,
but that's the one I couldn't get in the Stanley Cup final.
I couldn't get it in the Calder Cup final.
I could get it in Quebec, though, that one final one.
We got swept in the Calder Cup, Ryan.
We didn't win a single game.
Coop mentioned it at one point,
but the parade to the penalty box in this series has been nuts.
Every game, it's weird hockey.
Yeah, it's been weird games.
Koop also said, we're not really making them earn it.
We're kind of giving it to them, which basically calls out his team
before the next game.
Also, Tampa's 16-0 record after a loss since the beginning of the 2020 playoffs
will be put to the test tonight on the Gulf as the Leafs look to move on
for the first time in 18 years since the last first round.
First round.
That city's going to go bonkers if they get it done.
Bonkers.
All right.
Go Leafs, go.
Go Leafs, go.
All right.
Moving back to the games that took place Wednesday night.
Pittsburgh had a command and 3-1 lead.
They were here right across the street.
Madison Square Garden.
Jake Gensel, man.
This kid, he gets three for a dollar in the first period,
puts the Penguins up one nut and with a sixth of the playoffs.
He's the first Penguin to ever score a goal in the first five games of a series.
That's pretty crazy considering their history.
He has the seventh best goals per playoff game of all time.
Mario Lemieux, Mike Bossy, Rocket Rashad, Cam Neely, Nathan McKinnon,
Wayne Gretzky, Jake Gensel.
Pretty crazy stuff.
Anyways, Pittsburgh got a two-nothing lead.
Couldn't sit on it.
The Rangers finally woke up.
I don't know if they figured out louis domingo all of a sudden or
if they just played their best game of the series either way they come back with a raging 5-3
victory a couple guys in the room hit their bets it's 3-2 series back to pittsburgh are they
shitting their pants a little bit now what or what yeah and there's one reason that they're
hitting the panic button and that is the health of their leader, captain, and legend, Sidney Crosby. And I have been all over the Fugazi Rangers fans,
just like an entire group of clowns.
What an absolute clown group of people, Rangers fans.
You know what?
Rangers Twitter, because then everyone says,
I swear to God, I'm a Rangers fan, and I agree with you.
Rangers Twitter sucks.
So maybe it's a faction that I hate.
Yeah, and you ruined your chance with Margot Robbie.
Yeah, but I mean, listen, that was over before
there was even a chance at it.
So I'll say Crosby being out
and the issue I have with it
is I don't think there was
a ton of intent by Trouba.
But the fact of the matter
is his elbow hit his face.
So it doesn't really matter
what the intent is.
In my opinion,
you have to be responsible
for what part
of your body if your stick hits someone if your elbow hits someone and i don't think he went
looking at elbow in the face but in the end it was an elbow to the face and i think he will get
disciplined for it or he should but with him having a possible concussion it's just terrifying
for any penguins fan to see grinnelly had a good question as he had a concussion since the issue
that turned into the neck issue years ago?
I don't remember one.
The point is, if he's out, they
could be really fucked. Because Louis Domingue,
who's done a good job,
I've kind of said, it's Louis Domingue.
He's not an NHL goaltender.
And that win tonight by the Rangers
after going down like that, and the
feeling that they have in terms of momentum,
it's got to worry Penguins fans.
And the fact that Merles, I guess I'll hand it over to you quickly.
As soon as Crosby went down, you felt like you saw a different Rangers team.
It was like a light switch had gone.
We were talking before the game.
We said they have not been hard on Crosby at all.
If you watched the series last year against the Islanders,
they're all over him the whole game.
Pajot's checking him the whole game and making it really hard on the rangers have made it so
easy for him he looks like crosby at 27 28 dominating every game yeah we don't want to
see him get hurt there it's brutal for everybody he was playing he might i had him on my uh
con smith look and yeah it's a it's it's a dirty hit i I guess, an illegal hit. But like you said, he wasn't trying to do it, I don't think.
But now Pittsburgh's in deep trouble, missing their best player,
missing their bestie, and with a third-string AHL goalie.
Despite how much I hate Rangers fans on Twitter,
they're going to be shocked by this.
I think that his stick gets caught between his leg
and then his arm just comes up.
And the one angle I've seen with,
I don't think that there's going to be any supplementary discipline.
So he's supplementary.
Yeah.
I shouldn't,
I maybe,
maybe he's not suspended.
I think you might get fined.
You don't think there'll be anything.
I just looked too like natural where he got his stick caught and he was like,
you know,
trying to defend him and it just came up quick.
Now I'd have to get the other angles,
but the only one that i saw on twitter i don't think it's going to do enough work to uh to to to to cause
him anything and if it's a fine who gives a fuck i make seven million a year and now they're now
the the penguins are without um doom ones what their third best defenseman i think their number
one be better than the tang you think he's better than LeTang?
All around, if you're trying to win a hockey game, yeah.
Well, there you go.
They're missing their first and second string goalie,
and now they're missing their best center.
And I'll tell you what, I know Malkin's been hot and cold,
and at his hot moments in this series, he's looked like the Malkin of old.
But when he was gone, he's a second-line center.
He couldn't match what Sid was bringing to the lineup
when he was down that second half of that game.
Like, you saw him cross.
Did you see him cross the blue line, run into his own guy,
and then slow on the back check?
He's just  I think at this point in his career, he's playing second fiddle,
and we're not going to see that Malkin who used to elevate his game
when Crosby was out of the lineup.
So I'm going to say that if Crosby doesn't come back to the series boys I
think they're going to lose in seven Gino also took that horrible penalty when he creamed out
Rooney right in the face with the cross check you know seven and a half minutes left very
undisciplined penalty they didn't end up scoring on it but he's one of your best players now he's
in the penalty block so you know you don't expect that from a guy who's been around the block this
many times also Mike Sullivan now the winningest coach in Penguins playoff history after the game for victory.
And Tristan Jarry, he returned to the ice to take shots Monday.
No word on a potential return at this time.
So any final thoughts?
I have one here.
So for those who didn't tune into the live stream the other day, the bet is now official between Biz and Avery.
That Avery will jump into the Hudson river.
If the Rangers will throw them in,
we'll throw them into the Hudson river.
If the Rangers lose and biz will go on to TNT in an Avery Zaretsky custom
New York Rangers jerseys.
He's got to send it to me.
He will.
And he said he'd put out his Instagram and Twitter and stuff.
So there's,
I mean,
there's yeah,
this is,
this is definitely,
definitely a good win for Avery if they can get it done.
But biz wearing a Jersey compared to him jumping in the Hudson
and growing a 12th toe is 11th and 12th toe is a fucking way,
way worse punishment for him.
I'll go even one further.
I'll ask the producers.
I'll put an L on my forehead for the segment.
This is like adding years onto your jail sentence.
You're going to get smashed in the lobby up in Atlanta.
Well, I'm trying to fucking get the fans going with it.
If the fans want to get in on this,
you can bet on the series on Barstool Sportsbook
and the Rangers are plus 195 right now.
The Penguins are minus 240.
So if you want to get in on the fun,
I'm already invested on the Rangers.
Look at you, Amaral. So are you going to get in on the fun, I'm already invested on the Rangers. So look at you, Amar.
Also, are you going to double down at this point?
I got no money.
I got no money left for the Oilers last night.
Well, there's a hose in us.
Well, if you want to check out a game in your town, check out game time.
Game time is the exclusive ticketing partner of basketball sports,
and their app makes it easier than ever to score last minute deals on tickets
to sports concerts and shows, and they guarantee the lowest price.
Gee, how many times have you used them as a playoff so far?
I've used them once, and it was a great Bruins regular season game,
but I'm going to a Bruins playoff game because they're going to keep going on,
they're going to keep playing, and I'm going to game time when I do.
Game time, crack the code on how to score deals at the last minute,
and there's no better time to take advantage than playoff season. I'm going to be back home this week. Hopefully the bees are still
alive. I'll try to snag some tickets for them. If not, grab some Celtics tickets, but it's so easy.
The biggest last minute price drops can be found on the seat you thought you could never buy.
The best part, you get 20 off your first purchase. Download the GameTime app,
go to the account tab to create a login and redeem code chicklets for 20 off your first purchase.
Terms apply, but give it a whirl, especially if you want to check out a game,
especially if your team's down 3-1, you might get some cheapies,
but always a good way to grab some tickets.
But moving right along here.
All right.
Can I mention one quick thing?
You're going to kill me for this one.
I had a couple of stats here, though, for game six for the Leafs.
Austin Matthews in the playoffs at home, 18 games, 12 goals, 22 points.
On the road, 18 games, three goals, eight points.
So drastically worse on the road.
He's got to be the guy to step it up.
11 third period goals so far this postseason for the Leafs.
I believe they only have eight in the first two periods.
And last thing we forgot to mention about the Leafs,
what do you make of that guy, Steve Simmons,
asking fucking Sheldon Keefe after the game,
why would you start your worst defenseman in this building?
And he goes, who's my worst?
Not surprised.
He's going to say not surprised, but the way Keefe handled it was unreal.
That was so nails and professional.
He just kept it quick and just basically with saying so few words,
that you're such an asshole. Granley, do you want to roll it quick before just basically with with saying so few words that you're such an asshole
um granly do you want to roll it quick before we roll out of here
who's our worst defenseman that's your opinion i guess so do you not agree i mean it's just that's
handled with class that's exactly instead of arguing with the guy who's hoping you argue with them keith just like what a buffoon
i mean i i would have i would have enjoyed like a chair toss or something you know we could spice
up this first round of playoffs in a big way but definitely a classy moment by keith and that's why
people love steve simmons uh during our monday stream the florida panthers were inches from being
down three to one to Washington. I got it.
Hathaway's empty net bid.
Just miss Sam Reinhardt.
Washington comes back, ties it, wins it in overtime biz before we get to the game tonight.
I mean, I know you wouldn't talk to argue the other night.
Should they have, he have gone for that.
Should he have played it safe?
What's the, what was the deal on that?
Okay.
So it's hard for me to argue with talk.
Cause he's like a borderline hall of famer.
Um, three times down the game, you'll beat the fuck. a lot a lot going against me here folks so we've seen a few of these empty
netters so far two by st louis right perron ended up shooting it all the way down the ice scoring
same with terror tarasenko in two games where they were able to seal the victory with a couple
minutes left and they took the shot you You know, they risked it.
I also look at the situation in Washington against Florida
a little bit differently for two reasons.
If you watch the play again, Ekblad's in the direct line of the net.
So from a shooter standpoint, like it's a little bit more distracting
than just having the wide open space.
And if you look where he was on the ice compared to where Ekblad was,
and he did not have a good gap on him,
I would say Hathaway was barely past the top to the circles.
And then the other defenseman was pinched in a little bit on the board side.
So he has an entire gap area. And he's also not a skilled guy like those other two guys i mentioned
i'd bet my my my hard-earned money on the skill guy scoring from you know 150 feet
than maybe the fourth liners so he could just chip it to where the red line is and then create
a foot race with ekblad and then in the meantime his teammates where they
you know on the the above they have the times in which they've been on the ice most of the line
out there had been out for a minute so you're just trying to live to fight another day and get the
change and then also in the fact that you're also chipping it to the board side the perfect place
to get that change that's where you want to place the puck when you're going for that change.
Right.
And I'm not saying you're going to get all five guys off the ice for
Washington, but at least you're going to get two or three fresh bodies on.
You go for it.
They end up losing the draw.
And what happens?
Florida scores their only man advantage goal of the entire series.
They're all for 15 at this point now.
And they give up that empty net goal i i think it's a bonehead play talk it says all the skill guys
and all the guys who won shit were texting him and saying i agree with you you fucking end it
there where i'm like and i although i think that gretz agreed with me so when i you get gretzky on
your side you're like, well,
it outweighs basically the rest of the Hall of Fame.
Oh, well, Oates agreed with me.
What they're teaching the kids now is that if it's more than 20 seconds
on the clock, go for the goal.
Because even if you chip it out, they're going to come back with it
and shove it down your throat with a chance anyway.
So if you have the chance, it's the stats or there's numbers. I don't,
I'm not the stack guy that you went,
but that's I know what the coaches at every level now are teaching them.
Definitely at the NHL, they're telling them if you get a chance, end it.
And yeah, maybe that was a different situation.
You're out there for a long time, but if, if you've been getting told, yeah,
try to end it, try to end it. You do it out of.
Every team switched to this. Every single team.
That's that's fair.
But you know what also happened?
You know, when they do the shift in baseball, we were at the ball game
the other day.
Illegal now, I think.
No, next year it's going to be illegal.
So this Hall of Famer, he was in the booth.
I want to say his last name was Jones.
He's retired now, but still works for the organization.
Chipper Jones.
No, it wasn't Chipper Jones.
Maybe I got the fucking name wrong, but he was a center fielder for the braves andrew jones maybe okay
so andrew jones and his kid's gonna go first overall in the ml that's andrew jones okay there
you go thank you i think he hit home runs in the world series 19 so they were doing the shift and
i'm like why don't they just bunt it to the open space and he goes honestly buddy he goes they
stopped teaching it these kids don't do it it like, all they want to do is hit.
And so he went back to the old school way.
And then that's what Gretzky referred to. He goes,
I'm fucking old school on that.
You don't fucking go for that empty net and create the icing.
You chip it into that open space, space,
you create the foot race and at least you get fresh bodies on the ice.
And if you have a good enough for check or neutral zone for check,
you don't allow them easy access to the zone.
And you even force them to dump it in and then fucking right back out.
Like,
what do you mean?
You've been fucking playing the whole game like that.
So I don't know.
I completely disagree.
It's a great argument to have.
And I think what was the other argument we had last week about the,
the NHL and decision-making.
Too many pinches or bad pinches.
Okay. All right. Yeah, that was the one,
but this one obviously a little bit more debatable and I don't know.
This one is similar to like, all right, correct me if I'm wrong.
Baseball, they don't bunt anymore. I know you just said, but no, no, no, no.
I know you just, I actually thought you were like chirping me from my analogy.
No, because,
because you're talking about when the wide open,
the third baseman's in there.
I'm talking, they don't even do it to advance the runner
from first to second to give up an hour.
It's kind of similar in terms of they looked at stats
and they decided that going to end it is the thing.
The argument is what you said is legit
because maybe if it's game seven of the cup final,
you're not going for it, right?
And I know it's like crazy to say because this is the playoffs,
but I just think the game has changed.
Guys are now not even thinking twice, like
Merle said. So basically, I'm Don
Sherry of the podcast. I'm just the fucking old
talking head. Don't you
be going for the
empty net. No, I mean, it could happen.
You people better not be going for
the empty net.
Either way, huge swing for the Caps.
But that's tonight.
Well, Wednesday night, they get a three-nothing lead.
Looked like they're back on the catbird seat.
Uh-uh.
Florida, I think, with 29 comebacks this season,
they end up coming back down three-nothing,
end up winning the game 5-3.
Conover Hagee, this kid's been unreal so far.
I think he gets five or six goals, had five points tonight.
Drew Sealdor with the empty netter.
Because we're able to catch a bunch of this game tonight.
Yeah.
So one quick thing we glanced over was the Oshie hit.
Did you guys want to go into it or not?
I don't, I think it's been long enough now where,
where we can kind of all agree after no discipline,
it was a clean hockey hit that unfortunately Bennett's stick was up kind of
like vertical in front of his face.
Oh, she caught him in the chest, the stick,
and what looked like his shoulder after rubbed into him, and it was a huge hit.
I got nothing else to say besides playoff hockey.
Playoff hit, playoff hockey.
Oshie's been an absolute fucking beast.
Two goals in this one that you just mentioned, R.A.
But look at
I think he just had one, didn't he?
Or no, did he have two tonight yeah
i'm looking at games i'm sorry buddy no worries buddy no worries we all make mistakes
we all make mistakes i go for the empty netter when the fucking goalie's up
um but i'm wrong i said that the comeback cats who did it 29 times in the regular season set
an nhl record i said you can't play like that and do it in playoffs.
Well, what do they do?
They go down to one.
They score the fucking six on five goal.
They go down three nothing.
And much like the Penguin series, I thought this thing was wrapped up and done.
I thought they were toast, at least in this game.
And then they ended up fucking running into Carl Verhage.
Is it Carl Verhage?
Carter. Carter. Let's start calling him carl carl um buddy he's been he's been the best player for the florida
panthers and if you watch that game like he put the team on his back that that goal that he scored
off that barkoff pass did you see that hustle that he had down the ice?
He blew by a defenseman that was a zone ahead of him.
And the plays he's making in a timely fashion,
like if he doesn't get that first one, who the fuck knows?
So he got them going in game five, and the comeback cats do it again,
and I'm wearing the big fat fucking L on my forehead. There's six.
Did you say that?
Six three-goal comeback of the season.
That's nuts.
I just, that's, when you count that many, you're down three goals.
You're usually packing it in.
You're like, oh, we don't have it tonight.
To do that six different times is crazy.
Yeah.
Now they're up three-two, man.
Like I said, that missed that.
Absolutely huge swing in the playoffs.
Probably the biggest swing in the playoffs thus far. Right.
And I got to give credit to wit. We were over in New Jersey,
so we could live bet on the barstool app and we put in a live bet on the
Panthers. It hits. And I, and PFT wants the.
Yeah. PFT said I was responsible for the loss. I said,
I'm rooting for the caps, buddy. I I'll root for them once it goes to OT,
but I had this vibe vibe i was buzzing that night
gambling i knew pittsburgh was going to win and i said florida's gonna tie this thing up we got
good odds on that barstool sportsbook and we ended up and then pft still is mad uh much like some of
those uh those edmonton stats you rattled off i would definitely say that the uh the florida
panthers would be down the series if you told me there would be over 15 on the power play to start that is that is the one thing that that that got it over the
hump for them this year and the fact that they just can't figure it out and wait was it you who
mentioned i ended up saying it on the broadcast you said towards the end of the year they had
the five-man forward unit and then when playoffs came around and ekplai was back in the lineup
he's now in that that that role there, so it's 1D
four forwards. But then I think they
went back, didn't they, Murr? Didn't we notice that
they went back to five forwards? Yeah, he was on
it at one point. I don't know what exactly is
going on. It's hard to keep up, you know what I mean, with all
these games, but the fact that the power
play started that slow is crazy, and it's almost
unacceptable. It's like you cannot
produce at a clip like they were
and have it go that cold that
quick because when you look back if they are to somehow lose this series which i don't think they
will at this point but you you you won't win next round without this power play getting better that's
why i think that they're going to end up scoring some power play goals in game six they're going
to wrap the thing up and then all of a sudden they're going to fucking then they're they're
going to get over that little bit of adversity at the beginning and they're going to start the roll
all right we'll see what happens now let's slide out to the midwest man minnesota had home ice for
the biggest game in years but vladimir tarasenko's natural hat trick in the third made it a moot
point as the blues grabbed the 5-2 win in a 3-2 series lead as the series heads back to st louis
uh the game was tied at two heading in the third, but the Blues, I mean, they just took over that game in the third
period. I didn't even see the puck in the other
end too often. Tarasenko,
man, he had been quiet all series, rips two off
in about, I think, a minute and a half. Then he gets the empty
netter. Kirill Kaprizov, he's the
only one getting it done for Minnesota right now.
With six and seven goals in the playoffs, absolutely tearing
it up. But here it is, Minnesota, they pretty
much sold the farm to go for it all this year in their
one game from elimination, Vince. I mean, who do you start They pretty much sold the farm to go for it all this year, and they won game from elimination.
I mean, who do you start
next game? You going back to Flowerwood?
At this point, yes.
I think it's just
at this point in the series, they've won two games
with them. You can't
quit on them now. I know the options
there, but you've already decided, right?
Yeah, no, I think that it would
be like the Oilers going to Koskinen think that, yeah. It would be like the, I'm sorry,
the Oilers going to Koskinen next game in LA.
It's just, you know what I'm saying?
I would, based on, based on.
I'm not trying to say Smith's flurry,
but you know what I mean?
It's like, it's just such a weird switch
to make this late in the series.
Yeah, and then I guess you look at that breakdown
and coverage beginning of the third period,
which is, that was, that ended up being the game winner.
And that was the one that Tarasenko got when he just slid in and he was all alone in the slot, just be able to walk in and pound one in.
So I don't really have much.
I wasn't able to catch a ton of that game as I was watching the others.
But, man, it's going to be hard times the next two years if Minnesota loses in the first round.
They got all that cap circumventage.
Not circumventage.
What do they got going on?
Circumcision.
You've been calling it circumcision.
No, I know, but they're losing cap money.
They won't even be able to spend it because of the buyout.
Yeah, the buyout penalties on Suter and Parisi are just crushing them.
Did you guys hear those interesting comments from Jason Arnott
on the cam and
strick one no no yeah he had some pretty uh pretty choice words for uh about uh about suitor in his
time in nashville and comparing him to shea weber so i don't know i never play with the guy you'd
have to listen to it to to form your own opinion and, I mean, Cam and Strick, they do a great job.
They get great interviews.
And that was a juicy soundbite.
I'll have to check it out.
Going back to Kaprizov, he set the team record for most goals in a series
with the seventh.
The record was five.
Gabrick and Walsh had it.
Everson said after the game, he wills the team.
He just didn't have enough guys willing alongside him tonight.
But if we had 20 of him, we'd be competing our butts off a little better.
So calling out the guys as well.
And Zuccarello, Fiala, Hartman, Foligno combined just one goal in the series.
And looking at the Blues, they're looking to get out of the first round
for the first time since they won the Cup.
And their experience is certainly helping right now.
They stuck Nick Letty and Bobby Bortuzzo back in the lineup.
Looked like it solidified the D a little bit because they have been banged up.
So either way, St. Louis, one game from moving on.
Hey, and boys, Bennington back in there feeling the jam.
That's a guy who can get it done.
This is the St. Louis back end that's a little banged up too.
So Minnesota's got to at least push this to seven, or that's an embarrassment.
We have so many things that could go on.
Like right now, it looks like LA is going to win.
It looks like it's just,
there's so many different things can change game to game in the playoffs.
But saying that if St. Louis is to move on,
Merles has already made the statement,
they are the team who could beat Colorado.
And why get ahead of it right now?
But it's like they could,
Colorado, that might be their toughest test.
I think if they get through that,
they roll into the cup finals after the second round.
But St. Louis is going to be a beast
because they do not let you move through the ice freely.
They just clog it up.
They're big, they're strong, they're physical,
and they're even missing Torrey Krug.
So hopefully if they do move on,
it's one of those legendary series between the abs and them.
I see what happens.
I'm going to talk to you about wood smelling salts for a second.
Wood smelling salt is an ammonia inhalant that gives you a powerful adrenaline
rush. As you saw me, I give an example a couple of weeks ago on here.
You see hockey players using the salts all the time to get revved up for the
big game. Well,
wood smelling salt is bottled and bottled smelling salts are about five times stronger than the little ampules that they break up on the bench.
Gee, I know you've been busting these down quite a bit lately.
I saw you whacking those down the stream, too.
Yeah, absolutely.
That's what got me through the streams.
It's the first company to make smell and salts formulated for cold conditions like the rink.
And bottled, smell, and salts last about two months versus the single-time use packets.
Awesome for team use.
You can pass around a bottle for the whole bench, whatever works.
Give Wood Smellin' Salts a try at HockeySmellinSalts.com.
They're on sale there right now.
Give them a try.
I want to talk about the Rangers D going in to that game.
And we've been talking about how fucking horrendous they were.
Expected goals allowed.
They were 16th.
Scoring chances allowed.
They were 16th. Slot chances allowed, 16th slot chances allowed 16th slot passes allowed 16th and rush
chances allowed 16th.
They were dead last in the playoffs in every category after four games in that
series.
So you just, I mean, you talk about like their MO all year.
They just give up all those high quality scoring chances.
It's like they just play river
hockey yeah so now if shisterkin's and listen i know i kind of wrote the series off now that
crosby's out of it i mean the fact that shisterkin seems to be a little bit broken is is a that's
like the one thing that where you could maybe fucking you could pull one off you could maybe
catch him on another bad night and be able to hang on and maybe Louis Dubin
has a horseshoe up his ass.
I honestly think though if Sid's out
they won't win another game.
I feel like that just takes out their heart.
It did in this game. It took out their heart.
It was a totally different game once he was gone.
The guy is possessed right now.
And that team without him, it was
so different. And granted, in the middle of the
game, you have that.
Your buddy's hurt.
It's such a kick in the nuts.
And before the next game, you can plan an entire day
and pregame skate knowing he's not playing.
It's different.
But then once the game starts, it's like, can they beat the Rebels without him?
I don't know.
You're right, though.
If Sterkis could suck a couple more in, they could get one of the two.
The yeah, the emotion on the bench, though, when you basically have your
heart ripped out, it's just you're shook.
Like if anyone gets injured, it's shook, let alone like, oh, shit,
that's our whole team.
And yeah, you're basically looking at your Stanley Cup chances
go through the exit gate.
Well, that's what we were talking to Army last night.
Yeah, Pittsburgh might actually make it to the finals.
Maybe we'll get a Pittsburgh trip and we'll be able to come to your house,
have a barbecue.
And then just like that, one little injury.
And it's like, well, there's no chance we're going there for the finals.
Yeah.
Take your kids out of school now.
You're changing them.
We're moving.
We're moving.
Get the U-Haul.
To Wilkes-Barre.
Yeah, we're going. We're going back to arena barHaul To Wilkes-Barre Yeah, we're going back to Arena Bar Hey, Wilkes-Barre
They won the play-in round against Hershey
I think in overtime
So they're into the next round in the AHL playoffs
Let's go
Wilkes-Barre, Reese Grant, and Penguins
We need to make a trip back there somehow
One of these days
Considering we're still waiting for R.A. There make a trip back there somehow. One of these days, considering we're still waiting for RA,
which is a wanted sign on every building with a bunch of little business
running around.
Yeah.
Yeah.
I've been getting letters in the mail.
Father's day is just amazing.
It's just an absolute Scranton mailbox.
That's when I use my burner phone.
What was your favorite memory of Wilkes-Barre?
One that,
one that you maybe haven't
told like maybe like a crazy night you guys had that you never told on the podcast well there was
the one I think Scrooge talked about on the podcast did he talk about it where the guy pulled
the gun on him oh we told you I was there for that that was true story it was craziest thing
I've ever seen I jumped behind the car and like into a huge snowbank and this psycho
scrooge just walked right up to the guy like you're you're not tough.
You will not pull that trigger.
It was the wildest.
It was a super soaker.
But yeah, my best memories are from the woodland.
I was I was a maniac back then.
I was 22 just out of college.
I thought pro hockey was just drinking and wheeling and just going nuts
every night.
So one of my funniest things is we would go to Hershey and it was a bus trip
and all the guys would show up in their track suits because it's just an hour
and a half bus trip.
But I was ahead of the game because those guys would have to go home,
change and then go to the Woodlands.
So I would leave my track suit in my locker.
I would wear bar clothes to the bus at four o'clock, switch into my track suit,
get on the bus, go down to hershey play the
game come back in unload our gear boom switch i had my bar closed first guy at the woodlands
that's that extra 20 minutes that's i would say 40 the way that that's true how you go had to go
back to the apartments and then go back the other way woodlands woodlands was a bit deep there by
the by the dealerships yeah hey were you on the bus when he put in his porno with Terry
and coaching? I was there.
I don't remember that. I don't remember putting on.
I don't think he did.
Maybe that was on a different team. But we had a great time
too. I don't know if that's been told when he
let us go to the casino
at Foxwoods. Oh my God, yeah, I forgot about that.
So we had, yeah, we were in Springfield
and we had a great weekend. It was a four
and five. We had won every game up till Sunday and we win the Sunday game.
We sweep it.
We're on our way home and us idiots are in the back playing cards
and we see a Foxwoods billboard.
And I don't know who was probably Ramsey a bit or somebody
who's like, turn the bus around.
We're going over there.
I don't know.
Like, I forget it is actually like there's Foxwoods.
Any chance, any chance?
And then the bus is still streaming down the highway.
All of a sudden, Terry is back there.
Right.
Oh, fuck.
He's going to get mad at us for yelling at that, like yelling at the boss and shit.
He goes, hey, do you guys want to go to Foxwoods?
Yeah.
He's like, all right.
I turn the bus around.
You guys have one hour in there.
So he turns the bus around.
We go to Foxwoods.
And it was like Lord of the Rings.
It was it the Lord of the Flies.
Yeah, just maniacs running around in that place for one hour.
I remember somehow Army came out with a bottle of Grey Goose,
like somehow.
So then now we have five more hours to get home to Wilkes-Barre
and we're just drinking and gambling.
It's a shit show the whole way.
So we get home and we had the whole week off.
We play Friday.
We lose.
We play Saturday.
We lose.
He calls us in the captains, assistant captains on Sunday afternoon.
He's like, you motherfuckers.
I give you guys this.
I let you guys go.
You fuck me back here.
He goes, if you guys don't win today, we're like, you're never doing anything ever again.
No, by the way way he's like i
did this for you like he didn't want to go chuck the cards around yeah true we lost nothing that
game no no no no no terry and terry and his light bulb went off and say i'm gonna get to give them
this i can go rip a few darts while they gamble and then if they play like shit moving forward
i'm gonna fucking use this against these little pricks. He's smart. Smart mental warfare.
The last thing I'll say, I remember when we played
in Winnipeg and we beat the
what's the team? The Moose. We beat the Moose.
It's a pretty big game.
Merles and I were as
sick as you could humanly possibly be
without being in the hospital. I'm talking like
it was basically like the worst
cold of all time. So I made that maybe it was a little
exaggerate there, but we couldn't breathe.
Sounded worse than this.
One of those things you blow your nose and immediately it's stuffed up
again and nothing came out.
Just a nightmare.
So Steve,
he's like,
guys,
go,
go home and get some rest.
We have a 7.
A.m.
Flight.
We got to be downstairs in the lobby at 445 or whatever.
Yeah.
Okay.
We went back and played blackjack until 442 in the morning,
ran back, got our bags, went back.
Next thing you know, there's seven guys at Wegmans
at the pharmacy.
Remember, Fleury was getting like carried around by Veroniques.
Everyone was so sick.
But I think we all won a couple grand that night.
So that was AHL living.
It made it fun.
I still say my funnest year, maybe.
Lockout year.
Lockout was awesome.
Army was telling the story how when we
were playing party poker before they
knew that they could track the IP addresses.
So we thought we were so smart.
We had five of us on one table
trying to bully the other guys.
You guys are brutal.
We still couldn't win. That's how bad we were.
Just cleaning you guys out.
We had five guys' cards.
We needed ten of the cards, and the other three guys were still beating us.
And then all of a sudden, a couple months later,
we're all on the same IP address, and we couldn't sign on the same table.
Oh, fuck.
That's funny.
Shitty geo-tracking.
Biz, you mentioned earlier the Bruins.
Me and G crying last night down in Raleigh.
Hurricanes absolutely dummy the Bruins.
5-1 to take a 3-2 series lead. Charlie McEvoy
back in the lineup after clearing the NHL's
protocols, but didn't matter. He got the private
jet to North Carolina, but
really didn't matter. Anthony Ranto was awesome for Carolina.
Stopped 33 of 34 shots, including
a handful of early big ones. Bees had some good chances.
Couldn't cash in. Then the Canes got a
1-0 lead, and everybody in the room thought it was a shitty call.
Max Domi, Derek Forbert
going at it, and they only called the penalty on Forbert.
Tony D'Angelo scores, makes it 2-0,
and that was pretty much the ballgame right there.
By the way, D'Angelo, man, this guy's going to get absolutely
paid. It's been incredible. What's your
take on the Bees? Are they toast or what? The worst
referee game of the playoffs.
Oh, it was? There was a couple
calls against the Bruins, and I bet on Carolina,
but I was like, I have
to admit, as a true fan, that is a fuck job on a couple of those calls okay thank you I would say uh the the one
series where home ice advantage matters the most yep both teams have looked completely different
between home and on the road and you talk about um you know chestnut checkers the Bergeron line
when they're playing five on five against Sebastian Ajo in game four,
they played five minutes and 30 seconds.
Well, they didn't get shit.
It was the wet blanket special.
But when they go back home in Raleigh,
Patrice Bergeron only got five-on-five ice time of 46 seconds
because they're able to switch it up
and get away from that line match.
And on top of that, to trump it,
as far as that top line for the Bruins offense, they at home now have Stahl on that line match and on top of that to trumpet as far as that top line for the Bruins
offense they at home now have stall on that line and stall at home has done a masterful job at
shutting down that top unit for the bees so bees heading back home I would imagine that they hold
serve uh Swayman's looked really good at home pretty much it's like you said wit they're the
Jekyll and Hyde you don't really get that physical team on the road as much as looked really good at home. Pretty much, it's like you said, Witt, they're the Jekyll and Hyde.
You don't really get that physical team on the road as much as you do off at home.
I would imagine just simply because they're feeding off that Bruins crowd. So, to me, the line matchup's huge.
And then, of course, I had Tony D'Angelo's response game.
Listen, he came on hinge the game before.
He fucking was getting chirped by Marshawn.
He was taking stupid penalties.
He threw his stick on the empty net. And then he goes home and he pots a goal in two apples and you guys said
it he is he's going to be one of the most sought after free agent defensemen and now he's continuing
to do it in uh in playoff hockey so let's you know you don't think a little like like how insane he is
will cost him some money yeah he's a loose cannon he's a hell of a hockey player but he is will cost him some money. Yeah. He's a loose cannon.
He's a hell of a hockey player,
but he is a loose cannon.
You can't tell me that if he didn't have like some of those outbursts where
he looks crazy,
he wouldn't make a little more money.
Yeah.
I,
yeah.
I think that like going,
if he would have had the year he had this year in New York,
when he got,
when he ended up getting tossed off the team,
he might've got a million. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. He probably would have got the year he had this year in New York when he got, when he ended up getting tossed off the team.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah. He probably would have got a, you know,
I got six times six and a half, six times seven.
He's not like, he's a great offensive defenseman.
I wouldn't say he's the most reliable defensively.
I still think his market price is going to be like a five times five.
I think he gets a better, but, but yes.
So I guess short answer.
Yes.
It will cost him some money. You think he's only going to get, but yes. So I guess short answer. Yes. It will cost him some money.
You think he's only going to get a 5 million, 5 million a year for five years.
That's it really?
I don't know. I don't know how much.
I'm super interested in seeing.
Yeah. Because you don't know if he's like, you know what?
I'm living in this place where I can, I can hide in the weeds.
I'm having great success here.
I've been to a big market and I see where maybe my faults can lead to,
to, to chaos, not only from a playing career standpoint,
but also I would imagine in his personal life.
Cause I, that whole experience he went through must've been extremely
difficult, man.
This guy went from potentially securing a bag.
Like you guys are talking about to like,
you didn't even know whether a team was going to give him another chance.
I was, I was positive a team was, but I don't know how many offers he got.
And even people, like, there were season ticket holders in Carolina
saying they were fucking ditching their season tickets
because they fucking signed him.
So talk about the amount of stress and shit that this guy's probably gone through.
So for him to have a bounce back like he has, I hope he fucking gets paid.
I do.
Because from what I've heard from guys that have played with him,
he's actually a fucking great guy just as probably made some really,
really dumb mistakes.
So I, if he stays with Carolina,
they're not going to give him the bag.
Obviously boys, we know how they go.
They're the cheapest fuck organization in the league.
Let's talk about bouncing back.
Seth Jarvis hit pair goals in the route, took the shot right off the nuts.
I thought I hit him in the chest that game.
He took it right off the nuts. Cause he, everyone's like, oh, he got one goal for each
fucking nut shot, but a little bounce back
from him. How about Niederreiter stalling fast along
with Shea and Pesci? Absolutely shutting the
bees down, doing a great job. Cassidy mixed up the
lines. Nothing's worked, and the Canes have scored
first in every game. You can finish the
Bruins off tonight.
Jens texted me. He thinks there's a chance
Carolina doesn't lose
a home game in the playoffs it's that tough to play against an army was was it army no i think
moths was mentioned last night biz you remember the first five minutes of carolina that that place
they get you know what going were they bad actually when you play yeah so yeah so during my
five years they didn't have calgary titans fuck Calgary Titans. Fuck. Yes. 13 minutes ago.
Fuck.
Beat it.
But San Jose was that way for me when they had their really good teams,
where the first 10 minutes you were like, hey, boys,
let's just get out of the first 10.
It was like, yeah, for the fucking first five minutes.
We'd be down three nothing before we knew it.
Oh, so lucky.
That building's a little bit smaller than the normal
nhl ranks that's why it's a little louder in there now in the springtime even more those
carolina people are tailgating like they think it's like a college football game so they're
they're belligerent before puck drop that energy it's going to be really tough to win down there
but i like bruins to win game six at home that's a fucking a from all you hurricanes fans
who say we don't talk about you guys enough on the podcast that was a fucking double wrister
and a half i put the mascara on for that one you guys are crushing it the fans are are becoming a
just as big of a piece as any guy on the ice for crying out loud and and very, very underrated cheerleading staff.
Backlund scored on an unreal pass from Mangiapane.
As you mentioned, Ryan Suter, he's behind the net,
and somehow his stick is around the waist of a guy on his team,
and there's nobody near Backlund.
Just one of the most pathetic defensive displays I've seen when you see this
fucking goal. Now Dallas has
to pull this out or I'm done. This year's done.
Well, perfect time to mention
Dallas game four. Calgary, they
finally look like the team we saw all regular season
tied up the series with the 4-1
win in Dallas. We had that unreal Johnny
Gurdjieff penalty shot. Now you chatted with me after the
game, Biz. Do you want to roll that clip of
what Darryl Sutter said to him.
Joining us from Dallas,
Johnny,
fantastic game.
And you get a reward.
Paul Bizonette is up first with his question.
Johnny Hockey,
any,
anything from Sutter after you score that goal,
when you get back to the bench?
Nope.
Not a word.
Come on.
He didn't say,
I think he's saving it for postgame or in the plane or what?
No, nothing.
He just came in and said, good game, best of three.
That's it, and then walked out.
No fist bump?
Not even a fist bump?
No.
Nothing.
I mean, just typical deadpan Darryl Sato.
You guys did a great job there during the broadcast with that one.
Too busy.
Yeah, it's just like, I mean, that's the first thing that came to my head.
And his response is everything. Like, you know, we speculate as to, oh, you know, Johnny,
he's had some nerves in playoffs at some point.
And then you got the head coach chirping him after they lose game three.
And, in fact, dude, he was laughing.
He's like, nope, didn't say a word.
And Sutter's just going to keep doing what he's done.
Now, I know we talked about it, but because they were so nice,
you guys just want to talk about those tits again?
Because we didn't have Merle's on.
Merle's, how nice were those tits behind the bench?
I heard you got a pee-pee whacking from that, so I'm going to.
Yeah, not on here, though.
I could say, I said last podcast, I said I whipped my cock out.
I just don't get why she's behind.
Why would she go behind the home team bench?
Go behind the away team bench and maybe distract the guys a little bit.
Dude, to elevate testosterone.
That's how they won the fucking game.
That's how you do it.
You get them all horned up with those cold nipples along the glass.
Motorboat and bonus.
I said that to Charles and stopped him dead in his tracks.
Yeah, if you could do that, it's a compliment.
How many people could stop him in his tracks?
I quit.
That's it.
Career high.
I mentioned the goalie battle in the intro.
Jake Audja did everything he could that night.
Stopped 50 of 53.
Rob Tyler to Foley on that one save.
Going into tonight, it's 1-1 right now, you said, right?
Dallas, Calgary.
Audra, 2-2 with a 1-5-3 goals against his 960 save percentage.
Leads all goalies.
And Markstrom's number two with the 952.
These guys are just going mano a mano.
It's been great stuff.
If you appreciate tight games, not a whole lot of scoring because each team has only scored seven goals going into tonight
been shut out once each and also another quote to jamie ben they asked him about uh could chuck not
want to fight him and he said he's a smart kid and kind of smiled it's pretty funny because ben
really doesn't have too many like viral media moments so it's pretty funny catching that yeah
that was a good moment there's been some good good sound bites i mean we talked about steve's earlier some good stuff and then and then and
then who coop saying that we've been handing it over to the leafs yeah called calling the boys
right out i also mentioned one team is already done so that was my 76 to 1 predators from the
beginning of the year apps finished them off and four with the 5-3 win in smashville monday
fred's actually took their first lead of the series in the third period but didn't last too
long to have storm back for the sweep colorado was a wagon but you got to feel bad for sarrows
and the preds man the way they played all year sarrows was unreal and i don't get to fucking
high ankle sprain a week left in the season and i don't i always like to see the small
fan bases have success it sucks those fans have meant so much to that team and
yeah it's it's a
shitty way to end and like credit to John Hines the way that he you know he turned this team around
like we go back to last year I think we all had him as the top coach to get fired at some point
and then and then he goes on another rip to get a team like that in the playoffs and we got to pump
Matthew Shane's tires guys this guy had a year, and he's really starting to mature,
had a huge playoffs, 43 goals.
I think he had also 43 assists this year.
So he's been a beast for them, and another big reason as to why
they were able to get themselves in the playoffs.
I still think they get the consolation prize in getting Soros nominated
for the Vesna, and then I still think Roman Yossi's going to win it.
So you guys had some success this year and well-deserved.
My two takeaways are not takeaways but thoughts.
First, Nathan McKinnon right after the game Saturday,
he goes, Cal McCarty's the best player in the league right now.
Wow.
It is.
We keep saying it's like how many times can you keep repeating yourself?
But he is creating like a legit forward, and he's still defensively really solid.
He's just doing it all.
And if McKinnon's saying that, I'm buying it.
Second thought, the, excuse me, the Preds move on to,
can they re-sign Fleet Forsberg?
You know, they didn't trade him.
They thought maybe going to run, they kept him.
And now if you lose it for nothing, it's going to be a kick in the dick.
But with how much Johansson and how much do Shane make
and Yossi deservingly makes that much, what are you going to do
and can you afford Philippe Forsberg?
I think you got to move on.
I think seeing where Tanner Jeannot is going
and what he's going to be able to provide,
you got to have cap space to be able to move forward and sign him.
And I don't know.
It's just risky signing a guy at that age,
just such a long-term deal.
He's going to come out when you already did it to do Shane.
And that's what I'm saying.
You know,
it's like the,
the,
the,
the Johansson one's killing you.
That's the one that if you can get rid of or find somebody to take,
and then also send over a draft pick for what he's making,
he's just not producing to that level.
Do Shane for what he's making fucking he's, he earned it this year. He played up to what he's making he's just not producing to that level duchesne for what he's making fucking he's he earned it this year he played up to what he's getting paid so you got one bad
looking contract there i don't think at his age you give him what he's going to be commanding
and free agency they were able to to move past arvidsson and i'm not saying philip forsberg's
big of a band-aid as arvidsson but one of the reasons they moved on was his age.
And look at Arvidsson.
He's fucking injured again.
He's not playing for the Kings.
He's out of the lineup.
And we're still losing to them.
We got our upside.
Go ahead, Merrill.
I was going to say, Cal McCarr, he needs a higher league,
and he's just on fire.
And a little note, as good of a player he is,
he's kind of like a Crosby.
He's just as good of a person.
He was committed to UMass Amherst. They had coaching change they called him they offered him you don't have to come
we know you committed to the other coach and now you're you know you're you're going to be this
big draft pick he's like nope i made my commitment to you and i'm still coming to you turn the whole
program around like that coach that coach he had was pretty good, though, right? He came on our podcast.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
So, I mean, they knew it was going to still be a good coach,
but he didn't commit to that coach and to that assistant coach.
Yeah, he could have went to Michigan like the rest of those idiots.
So, he's a great kid.
And what he's doing when these guys are trying to cover him,
the wingers come out on the point,
and they're trying to, like, block the shot late,
it's just ridiculous what he's doing to them.
I'll say this.
If they win the cup and he wins the Conn Smythe,
I'll say easily the best player in the league.
I'll forfeit that.
Right now, I just can't do it.
We've got to run through the net goal from Burakoski.
Did you see that one right through the top of the net?
Had to check.
A couple guys celebrated.
Had to go back and look at it.
Pretty wild shit.
Abs are the first team in NHL history to sweep a best of seven
while accumulating 20-plus goals and 175-plus shots.
Goal differential of 12.
And they scored five-plus goals in three out of four games
and seven twice.
And you see that pick, Piz, of Yossi giving kind of the you-the-man
point to Makar.
I guess they exchanged some nice words with each other in the line.
And, you know, you can see Yossi giving the point, like a nice point,
not a bad point. And then Makar said the fans threw Skittles at him at the end of the line. And, you know, you can see Yossi giving the point, like a nice point, not a bad point.
And then Makar said the fans threw Skittles at him
at the end of the game.
Come on, Smashville.
You know, you have Fun City, I guess.
I retract my statement about their fan base.
Jesus Christ.
But yeah, but I'll quadruple down.
Makar, he's fucking incredible.
Gretzky said, he goes, that's the best.
Oh, Flames goal.
Yes! Wow, magic party. How much timeky said, he goes, that's the best. Oh, Flames goal. Yes.
Wow.
Magic.
How much time?
Oh, the bread man's back.
Na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na he said that that defensive performance in game two against Nashville was the greatest performance in a playoff game he's ever seen
by a defenseman word for word out of
Wayne Gretzky's mouth
no shit really I mean that was ridiculous
that's high praise he
said that he should win MVP of the league this year
he's on
full on board he's the best player in the league there's no
doubt so I love that he's on
my side of the Norris debate
oh my god this sucks this sucks 2-1 or 3-1 He's the best player in the league, there's no doubt. So I love that. He's on my side of the Norris debate.
Oh, my God, this sucks.
This sucks.
2-1 or 3-1?
2-1.
Wait, do you want to talk about it or no?
No.
That wraps up every series, correct, R.A.? Because there's something else I have to talk about, no?
Yeah, that wraps up every series.
If you guys are done with Nashville, Colorado,
you guys all set with that?
Colorado is just, they're waiting.
They're getting healthy.
I think that Kemper will be fine once the swelling in his eye goes down.
So on to the next one for them.
Not only, not only are the Oilers down going to LA,
not only is Calgary probably going to win this game,
not only am I going to have an earring,
I now owe you 500 when the rookie of the year final three came out today.
We had Maureen Sider, who will win. We had Trevor Zegers in Anaheim with some amazing goals, points, viral moments.
And the final straw that broke my back was Michael Bunting being the third.
Congratulations. And I do not in any way want this to be an attack on Michael Bunting, because that is a great player who's helped the Leafs out a ton and had more
success than Zach Hyman had on that line.
Most even strength points.
It is a fucking disgrace that he's finalized.
He's an up for the rookie of the year.
I'll say it.
Same amount of goals,
six more points than Lucas Raymond,
six years older than him,
and he's up instead of Lucas Raymond for the rookie of the year.
I look at it like this, the tweet that blew my mind.
Nathan McKinnon won rookie of the year in, what, 2014?
Correct.
Michael Bunting won it in 2022.
What is that, Eight years? You mean
he got nominated? They're born two
weeks apart.
That's
fucking crazy.
Michael Bunting's born September
15, 1995.
I think that's, buddy, that's
September 1st, 1995.
That's the beauty of the game. Some guys
had a harder road to get there.
That is why saying that is not
fair. Because that's nothing against
Bunting, but when you look at this season,
a fucking 19-year-old had this.
Okay, so then
what they need to do is they need to change the rule
and then make the age 24.
Sorry, where would you
want the age set now?
I don't think you need an age set.
The reason why I disagree with you on the fact that Raymond
should have been nominated over him is the fact that look at how many
even strength points he had.
He was playing with Matthews and Marner.
So he was helping them.
He was a good net front presence.
He was good at
Most could get fucking 20 with those two.
That's like holding it against Kunitz for being the guy who goes
against the puck for Sid.
Like, it's crazy.
Anyway, I'm moving on.
Yeah, he didn't win the MVP or wasn't up for MVP over Sid.
Yeah, but he was still putting up those types of numbers.
So that's what we're talking about.
The fact that he got to play with him is the reason he got up to put up those numbers.
He contributed to the line.
If he wasn't contributing to the line, one of the best ones, top three in the NHL all season long,
they would have removed him, just like they have at some points in this
series.
It's like,
if you're not performing up to the first line standard,
you don't get to play with the guys.
This isn't fucking charity work.
I didn't say he wasn't.
Okay.
So on top of that,
if you watch games now,
sometimes we get point comparing.
I was able to catch a lot of Leafs games because they were my team this
year.
So people who watch Detroit every night might tell me to go fuck myself.
But the different intangibles that he's bringing as far as his physicality,
his anticipation, his forecheck, the way he's able to draw penalties,
and the fact that you  did he score  he got the same amount of goals as him?
He doesn't play power play.
So I get it.
You don't like it because of the age thing.
But if he was 24 years old and he got nominated,
you wouldn't be saying a goddamn word, I don't think, right now.
Yeah, he's 26.
That's two big years.
And by the way, Biss, look me in the eye.
Look me in the eye as one of my best friends.
If he's not on the Toronto Maple Leafs, is he in the top three?
Okay, so one thing. i don't okay so one thing i don't know but last year he played 20 games with the
arizona coyotes and he had 10 goals with the arizona coyotes so it's like uh that's almost
even more of a reason that he got 20 games last year and he's still a rookie because that's not
the rule you have to play a certain amount just like the voters should
use their brains dude okay so i think if you if you have an issue with it you should say they need
to change a rule to age 24 but i'll even give you this proposition if you think mccarr is genuinely
going to win uh defenseman of the year oh yeah this is why i kind of gave i think i gave in
which then mushed it and it might go back to mar, but right now, I was... What I'll say
is I'm willing to double down the 500
and stick with Yossi winning defenseman
of the year, and then you can have Makar.
And I'll re-bet the
500 bucks.
I could be down a grand. I mean, Yossi might
win it. Fuck, I'll do it. Whatever.
Okay, good to go. I'm a gambler.
All right, boys. By the way, congrats
to all three of those finals,
including Michael Bunting.
It's awesome.
It's more just, I think, one younger player that deserved it
kind of got screwed.
But I think the kid's a hell of a player, Michael Bunting.
Or the guy, he's 26.
Snyder's going to win it anywhere, so who cares?
Yeah, I know.
Just something for us to talk about.
Maybe the league does it to create debate
and get people talking about the trophies.
Another thing we enjoyed all week down here.
Gee,
some Labatt blue Labatt blue lights.
First time I had it in Montreal,
many moons ago,
I fell in love with it.
Still love the stuff.
It's the world's best selling Canadian beer.
And with good reason,
it's a delicious Pilsner,
whether you're enjoying a blue or a blue light.
And they're also a longtime supporter of spit and chiclets.
We presented our live streams the last two weeks.
So huge.
Thanks to them.
If you're tired of the same old brew,
go out and change it up with a Labatt blue or a blue light.
You won't be disappointed.
A couple other awards to find other awards finalists here.
Uh,
but by the Norris,
yeah,
Yossi had been my car.
No surprise there.
Uh,
the Vesna Markstrom,
Saros,
Shisterka,
no surprise there.
A couple other notes here.
Patrick Milo officially retired,
uh,
after 23 NHL seasons he
set the record for most NHL games 1768 he broke Gordie Howe's record hold San Jose records for
games goals points power play goals shorthanded goals game winning goals and shots on goal also
won two Olympic gold medals 2010 and 2014 he made sure to give jumbo Joe Thornton some praise in his
statement he said quote your positive outlook has always been infectious.
Thank you for all those great passes, Joe.
You're not just a teammate, but a lifelong friend.
I guess the question with him is, does Milo get in the Hall of Fame?
That's the long debate about longevity.
No, I do not think he gets in the Hall of Fame.
I am a type of person that i if it was my vote i would
just say yes to everybody because i just like you know i want everybody to be happy um i don't think
he ever won a league award did he did he win he did he win the rocket richard one year for goals
if he has my own lady bing not to be like i mean i know yeah but but i don't view that as something
where you're like the sustained dominance like i'd rather if a guy plays 10 years and has like six league
league awards and is over a point a game yeah put it maybe even without a cup put him in the hall of
fame it's it would be like me saying yes to shane don't he played 1500 games and had over a thousand
points it's like and he's had international success with,
with winning like world cups and stuff,
but it's just,
I just don't think it's going to happen with the amount of guys that still
need to be voted in.
The thing that the only thing he's holding is the,
is the record of most games played.
Right.
Yeah.
Yeah.
And he also won no league awards because I just looked.
So I think that,
I think that,
uh,
get Slav is,
is borderline.
I would say that that Slav has a better chance of getting in than Marleau.
Yeah, I would agree with that.
I actually think Getzlov gets in no matter what.
You think so?
I did see, when I said that on an episode a few weeks ago,
I did get a couple of tweets of people kind of arguing it.
I don't think, yeah, like somebody would,
like maybe somebody in there would be like, well, he didn't hit.
What did he hit?
Did he hit 300 goals?
I don't know. I don't remember the exact argument, but it was be like, well, he didn't hit. What do you hit? Did he hit 300 goals? I don't know.
I don't know.
I mean, I don't remember the exact argument,
but it was more about, yeah, numbers and things like that,
where you could make the argument he won't be.
Yeah.
But once again, I'd fucking say, hey,
I'd put you in the fucking Hall of Fame with.
Get off 282 goals.
I can't even get in my high school Hall of Fame.
I ain't getting in the show Hall of Fame.
P.M.
McGuire was let go from his position as Senior Vice President
of Player Development for the Ottawa Senators just 10 months after being hired.
Per Ian Mendez, he covers the team for the Athletic.
Nobody's really quite sure what his role entailed.
They didn't really figure that out or weren't told.
It's widely thought he was hired by late owner Eugene Melnick,
and I guess this move would certainly back that,
the fact they got rid of him this quickly.
The draft lottery was held Tuesday night as well.
The Montreal Canadiens had the best odds to win the pick,
and the Habs hit the jackpot.
Barring an unlikely trade, the host team will pick first on July 7th,
and it's the first time they've held the top pick since 1980,
when the draft was also held in Montreal.
They selected Doug Wickenheiser.
Here's another crazy stat.
Every first overall pick in Canadi' history was drafted in Montreal.
Guy Lafleur, 71, Regine Houlet, 69, Michelle Plass, 68,
and Gary Monahan at the very first draft in 63.
New Jersey moved up.
They'll pick second.
Bija Yotes will pick third.
Rest of the top 10, Seattle, Philly, Columbus, Ottawa, Detroit,
Buffalo, Anaheim, and general manager of Montreal, Ken Hughes,
said he will not be taking his draft-eligible son
who goes to Northeastern.
The other Jack Hughes and the youngster clapped back a little bit
and said, y'all lost to the Canadians.
Pretty funny stuff, obviously.
Oh, yeah, that's good.
Hey, hey, can we talk about, like, shocker?
Coyotes always get fucked.
They always get bumped back.
They never move up.
They've never had higher than a third overall
pick this yotes will get it next year i guarantee i guarantee the yotes get conor bedard i guarantee
it's gary betman's plan that's his team he's the next generational talent you have there's light at
the end of the tunnel for you i'm telling you bedard will be an arizona coyote fucking ag you're
gonna speak what if it ends up being that russian
i think those two are like the i think it's bedard hey but here's the thing here's what's
pissing me off is the fact that we got bumped back and this year there's two guys they're even
saying that that shane wright not isn't necessarily the the consensus i don't think montreal is not
gonna go with a canadian guy who's has been the guy or talked about for at least the last couple of years.
There's another guy who's they're saying it's like a 1A, 1B type situation.
Logan Cooley is his name.
Yeah.
Well, fucking just like when Matthews got drafted, line A was number two.
So at least you couldn't miss.
Now the Coyotes go to third.
Like, I don't know who the third guy is.
And we've we've had a tough go, man.
We got Dylan Strom and then we got Kyle Turris.
Like, we never got our Leon Dreisaitl.
So it sucks, man.
It's a kick in the dick for the busy boy here.
Vegas General Manager George McPhee confirmed what pretty much everybody knew.
Jack Eichel played the last six weeks of the season with a busted thumb.
It's, you know, obviously limited his effectiveness.
He still put up 25 points in 34 games.
There you go. Shove it up all those know, obviously limited his effectiveness. He still put up 25 points in 34 games. There you go.
Shove it up all those fucking losers online,
chirping his ass.
Play with a broken thumb.
He did more in his life
in fucking the six weeks
with a broken thumb
that you'll do in your entire life,
you fucking idiots.
We're back.
He also said,
Robin Leonard had shoulder surgery
and should be ready for the next season.
And Witt,
old school was in the news.
BU hired Jay Pandolfo as the head coach.
He's, of course, a former player there,
two-time Stanley Cup champion with New Jersey.
He said, quote, we want to get that tradition going again,
that identity back.
You know, because BU, BC have definitely fallen off
the last few years, Witt.
Yeah, they have.
They have.
And Jay Pandolfo, there could not be a better option.
This guy, one of the best people I've ever met.
Him and Mike Greer helped me out a
ton. I was young when I turned pro, those guys were established, really professional, solid NHLers.
You know, like you said, Pandel got two cups. I'm not going to say took me under their wing,
but working out with those guys and skate with them. I saw what it takes at Mike Boyles,
Mike Boyles, exactly in the summer. Jay's just a classy guy. And I think that having coached in the NHL
and having the success as an assistant in Boston
to now go to the college level,
he has the ability to kind of know what it takes
to be a successful pro for some of these kids.
He's able to talk to future recruits
and show them and kind of prove to them,
I want Stanley Cups.
I can get you to the next level.
We'll also kind of have given you a great education and making you a great
college player. So I expect BU to be bouncing back very soon.
Quick thing about J-Pandolfo. One, I broke that news. And two,
he was my neighbor growing up. So anytime he would come home,
you'd see his Porsche Cayenne pull into his driveway.
Everyone in the neighborhood was in there with him. Oh yeah.
And they, and everyone would call each other. J-Pandolfo is here with Scott Gomez. And one day I just, I,
I brought my hockey stick over. I knocked on his door and I was like, Hey, can you sign my stick?
And he was actually like, Hey, like, let me show you a few things. I have a, a cement patch. He
goes, I have a cement patch out back. Do you want to come shoot some pucks with me? And he was like,
he brought me back there. He told me like, this is where I grew up shooting pucks.
I shoot a thousand pucks a day.
And he was showing me how to take a snapshot.
And so it's just as a, as a little kid, little eight year old kid.
That's something you always remember.
That's an awesome story.
Gee, gee, you're fucking humming at the back.
You're right.
We are getting Bedard.
Gee, you're fucking genius.
I got you, buddy.
I got you.
What other shit you break in?
What else is going on in the hockey world here? I fuck i'll edit the podcast tonight please please do no nothing i
don't really have much else what do you got murph yeah i just want to give the the gambling stats as
of as of right now there's been 38 stanley cup games we got 22 favorites that have won
we have 16 underdogs we've had four draws Murley special, which is a real low this year.
Not a lot of overtime this year.
And somehow there's 25 overs, 12 unders,
and the puck line has been out of control.
31 out of 38 games have gone puck line.
These coaches are pulling the goalie early.
They're pulling them down by three goals.
They don't care.
So there's a little info.
I'll have those stats up every day on my Twitter.
If you're,
you're looking for a trend to ride game over three,
one Calgary Lewis in the back of the net.
Before you get to the scandal here,
I don't know the Tom Brady stuff.
I don't,
do you want to talk about that?
Cause it's,
it's,
it's crazy.
This is,
this is nuts.
What's happening.
Biggest deal in sports media history, in case you hadn't heard.
Once he's done in the NFL, he's going to start a 10-year,
375 million deal at Fox Sports to be the lead NFL game analyst
in their number one booth with Kevin Burkhart.
Fox lost Joe Buck and Troy Aikman to ESPN,
and Brady's going to make 4 million than them two combined.
And it's going to be, he made 302 million dollars in 22 NFL seasons he's
going to make 375 and 10 doing TV probably might be a little bump for you biz at some point oh yeah
yeah maybe I'll get a fuck maybe I'll double my per diem uh but the NFL is a juggernaut guys and
honestly for what Brady has done for the game of football and just his global brand I think it's a
genius move by them to get him on board. And I think he deserves it.
I think he deserves what these quarterbacks are making now.
I think he deserves this deal and it's a shit boatload of money.
He gets paid 2 million bucks to go show up and talk exactly what he knows.
He knows every play ever written in the playbook.
And he's just going to get the talk much like you've seen from Tony Romo,
maybe a little bit more cleaned up as not as buckled and hung over but he's probably going to be just as good at it as he was playing
in the nfl and it's just going to be awesome to get to listen to it and it's awesome that these
guys like want to do it it's awesome that you get well 375 million no i okay but some i mean
there's plenty of guys who have made 275 million who don't want to
fucking work after they make it so um it's awesome i think it's fucking great and i think
that if the the dollars were there that that more hockey players who are retired of like legendary
status would do it i mean you're starting to see it now with these tv deals and what and and what
the guys are getting paid but it's awesome
I mean I'm happy for him all right what you want to uh I will say Brady it is interesting to pay
that much and you're not going to get any more viewers like whoever's watching the saw the Sunday
Fox NFL game of the week like they're not they're not getting new fans I don't think because Brady's
on the broadcast.
The only disagreement I have there is the Monday night football
with Peyton and Eli.
That really upped the ESPN's game.
That is you're watching something different.
You know what I mean?
The game that Brady will be doing, I just personally,
I mean, I'm in agreement.
The guy's such a legend.
It's going to be very cool to hear him. I will say the pressure's kind of on because he's so good at quarterback.
I mean, people are going to be hoping that he's bad at this to try to give him shit. I think
he'll be great at it personally as well. But just saying, like, I don't know if they'll be getting
that many more viewers on these games to be shelling out that much dough, but obviously they
look at it like they're making that much money and they look at it as a wise investment.
I just don't think that the actual viewership of these Sunday Fox games
will change.
Yeah, I'm curious to know what the deal entails too.
Like maybe he has to do commercials for him and stuff.
So if you're getting other type of advertising,
because you see all the ads that he's doing like on his own right now,
that might be a completely separate deal.
And it's like, no, you're just getting them from the games the games but i don't know i would imagine that they got him doing other
shit uh too especially with all the streaming and everything else that's going on in the world
to see the all the to see the sources of income he's created for himself oh he's got the wellness
tv 12s he's now he's got this he's got the clothing line brady clothing brand it's i think he's
invested in a couple other things so good for him yeah in Yeah. In terms of the Barstool news, let me say it's we've been talking about this for so long now. It's like, holy shit. But for people who don't follow Barstool and only listen to the podcast, I'll explain the story briefly.
of Barstool and Milton when there was, I don't know, five, six employees.
And he was dating a girl here for four years.
I think they had a pretty close, special relationship from what it seemed like. I don't know her.
And they broke up.
It kind of sounded like once this news broke, she broke up with him.
And in the months that followed, all of a sudden the news broke this week.
And I think the way the news broke made it even probably a little more scummy.
But a guy he's friendly with here, Marty Mush, was part of the gambling team.
He's now dating his ex-girlfriend, Rhea, who still works here as well.
So actually, everyone's a big Hank fan, too.
And I in meeting Marty before, I always liked him.
He's a good guy.
Nice guy.
He done a couple of streams with us. I liked him. I will say I noticed, I always liked him. He's a good guy. Nice guy. He done a couple of
streams with us. I liked him. I will say I noticed maybe it's all bullshit and it's just
online noise, but it seemed like people weren't a huge fan. So whatever. Now, when this broke,
I'm saying that because now everyone despises him. I think it's a scummy move personally.
I mean, you know, a guy you work with, a guy, he breaks up with the girl. There's a million girls out there. You're in New York city. It's like crazy. But the biggest issue
I would say I had with it was that he never called Hank. Marty never called him. You know,
he never gave him a ring to kind of say, Hey, listen, shit happened. And listen, people meet
each other. They fall in love. Like that does happen. happen but to me it's like well i would never do it and if i would i'd at least have the balls to call the
guy up and i think the fact he never did that was was kind of like to me the scummiest part
of the whole thing so people are probably listening like what is this drama but when
you work for barstool and you kind of live online the way we have to occasionally it certainly was
probably the most viral thing
anyone was talking about i felt and we and buddy we got tons of junior kids who are listening to
the show like don't ever date one of your teammates yeah that's what that's the whole
reason i thought we were going to bring it up it's like yeah okay true you know i mean it's it's like
you know you find yourself in that situation and like feelings you know you talked about these
feelings and especially at a young age and trying
to control that if you are going to do it at least go have the conversation man to man and just just
don't go crushing this guy's ex-girlfriend and then they got to find out the hard way so
um it could buddy shit like that could break up a team um you know i think well it kind of has here
now yeah there you go well the gambling team maybe not a locker room, but same type of vibe. It's just, yeah,
it's a difficult situation. And like, I don't know how Hank ended up taking it.
Like how, how, how was he? So he made a good point.
It's basically marriage or bust at this point for Marty mush and Ria.
Well, yeah. I mean the guy, I would have thought he had his dream job.
I said on the Portnoy show, if he's not calling draft Kings right now,
looking for a contract, he's an idiot.
I'm not even saying that trying to be funny.
Like they're selling out dough to gambling people.
Your name's in the news.
You're going to be done here.
Nobody wants to work with you here anymore.
Try to go get a bag from a company that you could kind of compete against Barstool.
Now that's an immediate shock factor to change your life that much.
But he had to understand that Hank being as close as he is to Dave and Dan,
they were going to have his back and kind of basically be willing to not work
with Marty anymore. But I like what you said about junior guys.
So as we get older, it's like you do see things and,
and there's just certain ways to handle things.
And one thing is if you had a buddy and he dated a girl, dude,
she's off limits. You meet another girl.
Like most are saying
there are girls everywhere and so whatever that's the moral of the story yeah nothing else uh murals
did you have any other notes written down i i had this shirt on last night i still have it on today
i will not take it off until we get to the second round buddy all right wow that is commitment how
bad does this think if the people at home want to get one they go to barstool sports book or barstoolsports.com slash chicklets and get the
own i think there's white as well we actually have that toronto suck shirt on sale i don't know who
put that on sale i would never i would never approve of that i love the people of toronto
they don't suck i gotta say toronto suck shirts on sale and then the sin city shirts that are
always wearing on sale as well.
And we also have the basketball jerseys,
Pink Whitney basketball jerseys just went on sale as well.
And this cool hat you guys hooked me up with right here.
To the fans.
That's a sick lid.
To the fans, we hope you guys enjoy the two pods a week during playoffs.
You guys are awesome.
It's been fun engaging with you,
whether it's like you guys swearing at us because we hate your Rangers
or you're playing tummy sticks because we're pumping your tires team.
Keep crushing pink Whitney,
support our brand,
go subscribe to our YouTube channel.
We're going to keep coming out with two pods a week here for the next two
weeks past this.
And we hope you guys enjoyed the show.
Plenty of action left.
And is there anything else I forgot?
I think that's about it.
And for hockey fans else I forgot, Moel? I think that's about it. And for hockey fans out there,
tonight you are going to have four games,
four games that can end the series or force a game seven.
So this is the best part of the year.
First round.
We're going to see what goes on these next few days.
I forgot one more thing.
This thing will drop in the morning, right?
There's the Swedish.
It's the last European hockey game of the season.
Oh, game seven.
SHL.
Ferryestad versus Lulia.
EBR has has has a bunch of rules for gambling.
I get into it another time.
But one of the rules is game seven.
You always bet the under.
So 1.30 p.m.
Puck drop.
Barstool Sportsbook.
SHL.
1.30 Eastern.
1.30 Eastern time. And get this pick out get this picture i like that
the exact odds are under five and a half minus 148 under five plus 120 game seven sweden they
play very defensive it's two zero two one tops this game but it's a little afternoon before our
four nhl games that you were talking about.
Go Bruins.
Yeah, I got to do all those games on TNT and TBS.
And Grinelli, one last thing.
Where are we at on Chicklets Cup?
We are so sold out.
We are the most sold out we've ever been.
We actually have more teams on the wait list
than we do registered.
We're thinking of...
Holy shit, seriously?
Yeah, so we're thinking, we're seriously yeah so we're thinking we're plotting
for something that we can do for all the teams on the wait list we we can't expand the tournament
any larger we've already expanded at once so we have something planned it's going to be awesome
and it's going to be insane what what amount of teams are we at we were originally at 62
yeah so we're at 62 teams now we have i, I believe, almost 800 participants. And yeah, there's about 55 teams, I believe,
that are on the wait list right now.
Holy jumping.
So we'll see you at Chicklets Cup in Buffalo.
That's a big one coming up.
As I've mentioned, if you want to come and party
and hang out and hang around the festivities,
if you're around the area, come over the border.
If you're in Niagara region, if you're around,
even Rochester, come in.
Come in and have it.
We're going to have two night parties.
It's going to be a blast.
July 22nd and 23rd biz, July 22nd, 23rd at the river works at the river work.
So we'll see you there.
We got live entertainment coming.
It's going to be a blast.
And that's the final note on today's podcast guys.
Thank you very much.
Have a good week, all.
As always, we'd like to thank our terrific sponsors here on Spit and Chickle. So a huge
thanks to our friends at Pink Whitney and New Amsterdam
Vodka. Gigantic thanks
to our friends at Game Time. Check them out if you're looking for some last-minute tickets. Big thanks to our friends at Pink Whitney and New Amsterdam Vodka. Gigantic thanks to our friends at Game Time.
Check them out if you're looking for some last-minute tickets.
Big thanks to our new friends over at Woods Smelling Salts.
Check them out, guys and gals,
if you're looking to get a little extra boost on the bench.
And a huge thanks to our friends at Labatt Blue, Labatt Blue Light.
You guys are the best.
Try them out if you haven't yet.
Have a fantastic week, everybody.
