Hey, Spittin' Chicklets listeners, you can find every episode on Apple Podcasts,
Spotify, or YouTube. Prime members can listen ad-free on Amazon Music.
Hello everybody, welcome to episode 388 of Spittin' Chicklets, presented by Pink Whitney.
From our friends at New Amsterdam Vodka, here in the Barstool Sports Podcast family.
What is up everyone? The second round is underway.
Ratings are through the roof, thanks to our boy Biz.
And we had yet another surprise for him with a coach,
but let's say hi to the boys first before we dive into the hockey.
Mikey Grinelli, loving the t-shirt, Battle of Alberta.
Yeah, between the Battle of Alberta and Biz becoming the most hated man in New York City, I think it's safe to say the playoffs are in full swing.
Ooh, Biz Nasty, Paul Biz Nasty, Biz Sinet, Don Atlanta.
Is that true? Are you the most hated man on Manhattan right now?
I'm pretty sure I would get shanked if I went to New York City right now.
It wouldn't do shit.
People think it's like a fake feud.
I was pretty bullish on the Rangers coming into the season.
And then on the TNT broadcast, we had them later in the season,
and I talked about how they had a lot of defensive liabilities
and how they really opened themselves up.
And I thought that that would come back to nip them in the ass come playoff time.
Well, the most sensitive fan base online ended up coming after me for those simple comments.
So, hey, man, if you want to fucking come at me, I'll fucking come at you.
I don't give a flying fuck.
So it's game on.
Fuck you guys.
I'm glad you lost game one.
Own goal to win it in overtime and sure as shit it's a
former pittsburgh penguin ian cole so suck on that rangers fans we'll dive more into it um other than
that you said the tnt broadcast um the the ratings came out great job by all the whole fucking crew
um you know wayno liam anson talk it even all the people behind the scenes that make our job so
easy it's been awesome it's been so fun to cover they let us be ourselves they don't talk about
talk to us about how we should be on air they just let us be and uh it's been a great success so
thank you to all of also the spit and chiclets fans who also watch in order to boost those ratings
because it's been a hell of a time and obviously the fact that we the first round had five game sevens two of which got insane numbers I want to say the New
York game got 2.3 or 2.4 million viewers which is the most for a first round matchup in I want to
say the last decade maybe even the last 25 years so it's been unbelievable we've seen some awesome
awesome games and we're on to round two.
And I'm sure we're going to dive into it. But going back to New York City, R.A., you were just there for quite a quite a few days.
Actually, I'm still here. I ended up booking it for a few nights. I just said, screw it, get a little vacation, just get out of the house for a few days.
But, yeah, we we had the trivia stuff. Obviously, we can't talk about that yet.
What else did I do? I went to that John's off Bleecker Street,
the pizza place that Dave had as his number one all time.
I don't know if it's number two right now.
So me, Bastul, Carl, Clem, Chris Castellani,
and Bobby Regan went out once with the other night.
It was pretty good pizza, but it like,
I wasn't like, oh my God, I gotta have this every day.
It wasn't like I was having an orgasm over it.
It was a nice piece of pizza, nice pizza, but it was good. It wasn't like, oh, my God, I got to have this every day. It wasn't like I was having an orgasm over it. It was a nice piece of pizza, a nice pizza, but it was good.
It wasn't like blowing me out of it.
All right, if you could pick, like, one meal that you've had in your life
that you would have an orgasm over, what would it be?
Like, let's say your last meal if you were in prison
and you were going to the electric chair.
I mean, I've said it for years.
I mean, one's Santapio's cheese pizza, a rack of lamb.
That's my death row meal.
And then after that, we went to this bar, McSorley's.
You ever been there?
Either of you two?
It's the oldest.
I guess it's the oldest bar in New York City.
It's an old Irish bar.
There's no liquor.
There's no wine.
It's like you want light or dark.
They have just two kinds of beer.
They serve them in 10-ounce mugs.
And the waiters carry like 24 mugs at a time.
There's no tray.
The guy told me the record is 28 by one guy.
28 mugs one guy carries.
There's no jukebox, no music, no TVs.
It's just like an Irish pub.
Everyone talks.
It was actually nice to just have conversations.
That sounds like the worst bar I've ever heard of.
I didn't want to sit in.
I like a little variety.
I mean, how's the beer?
No music, no TV, no liquor, no wine, no chicks.
What the fuck? No chicks. Irish bar, no wine. No chicks. What the fuck?
No chicks.
Irish bar, man.
You go in and drink some beer.
And yeah, I've been to Irish bar.
Sounds like my music's pumping.
There's fucking waitresses.
There's a vodka in the mix.
Place sounds like a dump.
Nah, places.
It's legendary down here.
So a kid come up to me with a brogue.
He's he originally from Ireland.
He lives in Queens now. He's a Chicklets fan. He said he wasn't even into hockey. He found us. Now he's come up to me with a brogue. He's originally from Ireland. He lives in Queens now.
He's a Chicklets fan.
He wasn't even into hockey.
He found us.
Now he's a hockey fan, which I always say is the best.
Oh, I love that.
Yelp is a compliment for us.
That's the best one.
So I went over and sat down with him and his dad.
It was his dad and a couple of buddies who were visiting.
They were leaving in the morning.
And I started singing songs.
They were singing No Name Never.
We had the whole place rocking.
So we took a few pictures.
I'm like, hey, let me see your instagram i won't i want to call you the
picture the kid pulls this thing out i was like the last name is maguire like m-a-g-u-i-r-e i was
like dude i'm 25 percent maguire my grandmother's maiden name was maguire so then they started
calling me like cousin and shit we were having like a bunch of laughs so it was pretty pretty
good shit the maguire boys who was the other boy uh mackadoo and uh paulie they were they were
hilarious i noticed you got to
spend a little time with Will Compton.
He was in town. Yeah, he's a character.
I saw him right before
my trivia game the other day.
I had a few beers with him at that place.
He was at McSully's too. We had a pretty good
crew. It was like all-star weekend this week.
For those of you who don't know who
Will Compton is, Bustin' with the Boys
started a very similar podcast to us,
a couple former, or actually one currently plays for the Tennessee Titans.
He makes like 20 million a year, too.
Yeah, he's basically the you of the podcast.
I'm the Will Compton of this podcast,
where he was kind of in and out of the lineup type guy.
I think he did a lot of special teams,
and he's pretty self-deprecating about his time in the league
but I think he's still trying
to play. Yeah, yeah. I think
he's done nine years in the NFL
so he's in and out but
they do a great podcast called Bussin'
with the Boys and they get some great guests so
they're a part of the underneath the barstool
umbrella so if you guys are looking for other
sports podcasts, they get great guests
so check them out as well but yeah, what did you get into the last couple days when i noticed that you
went uh golfing uh yeah i haven't done much dude i've just been watching hockey and then i sleep in
as much as i can and then i take a nap and then i stay up all night watching hockey it's a disgrace
right now but it's i wouldn't i wouldn't do anything else if i had the choice it's unbelievable what's been going on tonight i'm just furious obviously my
team just lost nine to six after being down five to one and six to two i would have rather lost 37
to nothing had mike smith in and out of the game five times and ended up with like Larry from Leduc playing fucking goalie as an e-bug to give up the 31st,
32nd, 33rd, 34th, 5th, 6th, and 7th. Hey, you think you're going to mix in a haircut soon or no?
So that's another thing. I, I, I, my wife got invited to a wedding, so it's Sunday. So I can't
go. Cause I got to watch all the games. Then we work Sunday night. So I got to go Saturday
to like the night before the wedding in Newport.
I didn't even know about this.
I don't have a haircut.
I have a legit Afro.
I wouldn't even mind if the top was this long, but the sides is just pathetic.
I feel like a homeless guy.
I feel like I should live in this bar with no music and no fucking drinks that R.A. was at.
But I I I still think I'll somewhat be able to pull it off
if I get a ton of product going in this quaff.
What else?
Yeah, I played golf.
Back to shoot.
I shot like 76 two days in a row.
I had that one even round.
My game's shit.
Pretty bummed out about the golf game right now,
but I also am like, if you know golf,
you're always so excited for the next
round even when you're not playing your best so i still feel like i'm right around the corner from
shooting under par um got a big tournament with foals fairway foals coming up with the qualifier
on saturday so i'm fired up for that what's today thursday wednesday wednesday jesus christ i don't
even know what days is going, what day it is.
I got no clue.
What else have I been up to?
Well, hey, I just want to chime in here.
So in regards to the haircut.
So I thought.
Oh, Jesus, address this.
Well, okay.
So I thought I made it clear that I can't be growing out my hair like a buffoon on national television.
But that's.
Your hair was not going to be grown out like a buffoon.
It wasn't even going to be remotely close to when you thought it was bad early in the year.
You just wanted a fresh fade and you went about it the way that you wanted to do it and got it done.
Whereas if you had not got a cut, it would not have looked bad.
Gee, definitely agree with Whit here.
I think you getting the haircut was a crazy move.
It was it would have been an extra week.
OK, an extra nine days. Your hair't you just wanted to look a certain way yeah yeah guys i
wanted to i wanted to look good on the broadcast because sometimes it's hard to maintain and the
lady who does my makeup like she has to help me out with it and i just want to be as low
maintenance as possible now will you be okay if it looks like it did when i did the commercial for
mcdonald's when i was peter man's biz would you be okay if it looks like it did when i did the commercial for mcdonald's when i was peter man's
biz would you be okay if it looks identical to that because my hair grows super fast so by the
time the the beginning of the third round starts if edmonton ends up advancing past calgary it will
look exactly like it did on the commercial will it yes because right now you have no hair on the side of your head yes but it in about two
i would say in about two weeks it'll be at least i would say one third of an inch and then the top
will be completely shaved off so you will clearly see that there's hair on the side of my head and
i have no hair on the top like what more look are you trying to achieve? Maybe not as egregious.
Is that the word I'm looking for?
Maybe not as egregious as, Jesus Christ, I just blacked out.
What the fuck?
I think that's the word.
That's the word.
Hey, that's a word.
Okay.
I think it would look identical to R.A.
So on top of that, I also have the Avery jersey coming in,
the Rangers one.
I will have that live on the broadcast as soon as it gets here.
I told them about it, so I think I'm going to do one segment with it,
and I'll probably just say my apologies to New York Rangers fans.
Get that punishment over with because they got lucky
and beat the Pittsburgh Penguins.
I'm not going to be a sourpuss.
I'm going to fulfill my bet, but as I mentioned,
I believe that the Carolina Hurricanes are going to roll them, and I'm going to be so sourpuss i'm going to fulfill my bet but as i mentioned i believe that
the carolina hurricanes are going to roll them and i'm going to be so happy that they're bouncing
the second round all right is there anything else we need to talk about before we dive into these
games in the second round yeah because i only had one other little thing i i wrote down here me uh
pft comment that wants on don and billy football we went down to one of those russian turkish uh
bath spa house things uh on the Lower East Side.
Pretty cool.
They got like four or five different kinds of saunas, steam baths.
One of them was like 180 degrees.
I've always wanted to go to that, R.A.
I've actually been looking into that lately,
so that's good to know that you went there.
That's a lot more fucked up people, too, going together.
Yeah, that is a weird crowd.
What else is going on in there?
I will say, boys, I've been talking to my buddy cal uh lives
in victoria he's my realtor um he says that the contrast between he has one of those infrared
saunas and then he has a cold tub as well he has well outdoor shower that's what i'm putting in my
basement both of those yeah so it's just like really good for the mental health side of things
and really good for recovery and there's a, a lot of benefits to it. So
anybody out there who, who doesn't do it, I'd recommend it. RA, I would imagine you had a
great experience. Now, do you do the cold tub as well? No, we were walking in the do is like,
you want the massage? It was like, let me know. And I was like, Oh man, I haven't had one in a
long time. He's like, my name is Sasha. He was like a 60 year old Ruski. I was like, you know
what? I will. I was like, I'll be there in like 10 minutes. It was like 110 for the hour.
Dude, this guy put a beat on me.
I'd never got a massage.
Jesus Christ, clip this, Grinelli.
Hey, no, all right, keep going,
and I'm going to fire back at what Witt's talking about after you're done.
Dude, like I've gotten, you know, you go on the road with your wife,
you go to hotels, you get your standard Swedish massage.
Moments in a while, you might get the athlete one
where they get a little tough with this guy.
It must be like a Russian technique or something. He was like he goes oh very tight hair he goes i make it like soft like pizza when you're done and like he's like oh very
tight here i was like yeah but i've been stressed out everything he touched he was like oh very
tight so he's like i'll get you i'll get your neck he goes i'll make neck nice and soft i i was i
swear to god i think he walked on my back because I could feel him climbing on the
thing I was laying on.
Wouldn't you know if his feet were on your back?
I couldn't see from there.
It was either his knees or his feet. I could feel the full weight.
He was like, take deep breath. It was kind of
hurting, but afterwards I felt like
a jellyfish. How much would you pay
to get surveillance of this experience?
A lot of money.
I would actually just want to hear the beginning
when he's like put a beat on me sasha i'm going to make a cock like a pizza roll
yes i'm going to give you a rush to keep me like a dirty little russian okay so man when i was in
atlanta for that month before the playoff experience because i was i ended up staying
here uh i want to say it was about uh probably like two and a half months ago i stayed here for a month period and my back ended up getting locked
up and i had to go get a massage and the only person available was a guy now i ended up you
know telling some people at the at tnt and some of the boys were ripping on me because they were
like hey like i just i just don't really want to get a guy a massage. Now, are you the same way with it?
Would you allow a guy to massage you?
Not like I would.
I would.
Not in the law.
I would look like I would look like something about Mary's best friend, Tucker, before I had a fucking guy massaging me.
Name's Norm.
Live with my parents up in Pompano.
Hey, man.
Hey, and it's delivery guy.
It's all it's all preference, right?
Like some guys get uncomfortable when another man is like rubbing their hands.
What's weird is, though, in the NHL, obviously like, you know,
Seve in Edmonton and in Toronto Plain, like you, yeah,
you get a massage from the guys in the NHL.
Yeah, but you're getting more of a flush.
I go to a spa and some dude, Sasha from St. Petersburg,
is looking to massage my cornhole. I'm like like i'm all set with the cold tub hot tub
i was like i was like i hope this guy doesn't listen to spit and chicklets otherwise it's
gonna be like eastern promises he's gonna fucking throw me around the spa in here
oh he shows up to your hotel room your your name drops in city locations are fucking
10 out of 10 i just can't't believe. Yeah, I mean.
All right, though. Do you feel way better?
Like walked out of it. It's like a buzz.
It's almost like being high in a different way.
I felt fantastic because, yeah,
knots all over the place. Are you guys pen pals
now? Me and Sasha going to
talk. He's going to loosen my neck. Make it pizza.
Like pizza roll.
Pizza roll. Naked pen pals.
You know what else is weird about doing these late shows so
right now it's one o'clock uh eastern the other night we did a late show i did the same thing i
took like a 45 minute nap i had a red bull like seven and i was exhausted zero energy and then
tonight maybe it's because that nine six game i just watched but now i feel like perfect it's like
it's very odd to do the same thing and feel different based on the day do you know what
i'm saying oh buddy it's like why don't you feel the same if i did the exact same thing
well yeah my my internal clock's all fucked up because we got the late games going i'm chugging
red bulls on set just to stay awake during some of these fucking games that florida tampa game was
so boring for the first two periods i legit legit had to crush a Red Bull on TV.
Now, I figured, should we just dive right into this Calgary
versus Edmonton game right now?
Yes.
I don't really have much of a breakdown other than the fact
that that was a straight-up beer league hockey game.
That was a beer league hockey game.
What did you think of it, Witt?
Edmonton is fucking brutal
sometimes dude like they mcday first of all it's so unfair as a fan of edmonton and like obviously
not one of my ear peers and basically a fan of hockey and like having great games in the battle
of alberta 30 years it's been or whatever that that Dreitzel got hurt. That sucks.
Like, he's obviously hurt out there.
I actually commend the hell out of him for being playing. Dude, when you sprain your ankle, I couldn't even skate the rest of my life
after I sprained my ankle once.
This guy's playing like four days after it happened.
He's still producing points.
On his goal, you could tell his straightaway speed's great,
but stopping and starting in turns, you just have nothing there.
And mentally, you could tell that it's just so hard for him
to try to make moves when you know you physically can't do it.
So what a ballsy performance to even be in the lineup.
But to not have him full bore is really tough.
Like, we were complete underdogs with him healthy, let alone now.
But taking all that aside and taking away the genius of Connor McDavid and
what we're witnessing, he's now at 18 points through his first eight playoff
games, which is the fourth most all time behind Gretzky, Gretzky and Lemieux.
So you're looking like we've talked about at one of the greatest, if not the
greatest hockey player to ever live, just trying to carry his team to win games.
Having all that said and done,
that start they had tonight was fucking embarrassing.
Brutal.
It was pathetic on every single level.
Like, I'm not even just blaming Mike Smith.
The first goal, let me just remind myself.
Yeah, Lindholm.
Bouchard, like, gets caught up ice.
Like, I don't know what the hell he's doing.
He somehow gets back.
It was like a two-on-one out of nowhere. He fires it over
to Lindholm, and then Bouchard and I think Nurse
both go to him, and he scores.
Like, probably should have been stopped. One
nothing, ten seconds in.
Then what happens? They
go back in their own zone. Nugent
loses it behind his own
net. It's like, all right, guys, we just gave up a quick
one. Like, let's figure it out here. No more
turnovers, especially in our own zone at the offensive blue line.
Nuge turns it over behind the net.
And then Cody Ceci standing in front of the net.
Dude, Biz, like, what do they teach you when you're seven years old?
If there's a guy behind that with the puck, he cannot score from there.
Yes, nowadays with the lacrosse school, I guess you can.
Cover the guy in front.
Do not jump to the guy below the goal line and give him a free passing
lead what does he do he jumps the guy and a beauty pass by backlit and it's two nothing it's like
40 seconds into the fucking game rider was still awake and the game started at 9 30 like fucking
i put the kid to bed usually then it's two nothing so that happens and you're like all right we need the next one and they give
up a third on another fucking turnover in their own zone by commander kane so yeah they came back
and made it this amazing game but it's like it doesn't even matter half of it's mcdavid's genius
and then all the goals that they're giving up are either terrible and then by the way to then come
back and make it six six i know i'm skipping over fucking 18 different goals they come back to make it six six cost can't mix in one
fucking save there he can't mix in the breakaway save on chuck like it beat him five hole like
it's just yeah some people confused about that one uh thought it was offside but it was his own
guy's skated hit ended up coming in in. There were a few confusing calls.
Some people were a little confused about Lucic hitting McDavid.
They said the whistle had gone.
That shouldn't have been a penalty on Lucic.
It shouldn't have been a penalty.
He was already committed to the hit, and then the whistle went.
Mind you, maybe inside the building it's a different story
because the ESPN feed is off a little bit with the timing.
I feel like it's a little bit
is it not a little bit ahead of when the play is happening?
So people in Canada, everyone's tweeting
I was tweeting about ESPN being so frustrating
because our boy, John Buchigas, he's doing a good job.
It's not his fault, but he's yelling scores,
and they're not even fucking over the blue line.
It's like they're literally telling us it's a goal before the shot goes down what the
fuck is ESPN doing you've had all year to figure it out it's not the play-by-play guy he's just
doing it it's the audio so people are writing me why are you watching ESPN I'm in America you
clowns I got no other options here and then the other one that people were a little bit confused
about there was a coincidental minor.
And I'm going to hand this one over to either G or R.A.
that Elliot Friedman had to explain what had happened on the fact that
Kachuk was allowed to come out of the box before Kane because of a certain ruling.
I guess BX, who did happen to while he, during his playing days,
he explained it to Elliot Friedman, who then tweeted out how it was able to happen
because Kachuk ended up being on the ice
when Kane was still on the box,
and that's when he scored the breakaway goal.
So there were some Edmonton fans that were furious,
being like, how the fuck is this guy already out of the box?
I was one of them.
Okay, we'll read it off there, G.
Explanation on Kachuk leaving penalty box before Kylington.
Flames can declare when penalties are assessed Uh, explanation on Kachuk leaving penalty box before Kyle and Kylington, uh,
flames can declare when penalties are assessed,
who will leave the box first.
They chose Kachuk.
Obviously.
Well,
there you go.
So that's what people are confused about is if I think it's,
is he Shillington business?
So when he gets the penalty and then Kane and Kachuk at the matching
minors,
I,
I didn't know, I didn't know.
I don't know when this will change.
I don't know if it's always been like this.
I had no idea.
But you would think who would come out of the box is the man who didn't get
the matching minors.
Those two would stay in.
But you have the ability, when that's the case, to choose someone to get out,
which I completely disagree with.
If Kachuk got the penalty with Kane for jawing back and forth,
where I believe Kachuk was calling
him bankrupt and offering him money yeah maybe maybe maybe kane actually wanted him out of the
box at that point he just said yeah yeah just let him yeah they were john back i've heard enough
here because they yeah i'm sure you guys can read lips at home and you can if you're on social media
i'm sure you've seen uh all the the chirps being sling kane's way about his bankruptcy by Matthew Kachuk.
Now, it's hard for me to really criticize anybody defensively
because it was such a shit show that there was breakdowns everywhere.
To me, especially early on when it got to be 5-1 and then 6-2,
Calgary spent the entire time basically in Edmonton's zone
just snapping it around.
It could have been 12-0 at one point.
Right.
And it was an absolute shit show.
Now, my only question mark was Markstrom.
After he let in that Hyman goal, which was outside the dot
when it was a one-on-one between him and Stone,
he shot it, and he was already on his knees.
The thing probably would have hit the fucking middle of the net.
It hits his chest and, like, rolls in.
And I'm like, okay, here.
Maybe you got to switch the goalie up because he wasn't getting any shots.
And at that point, he'd already now let in a couple softies where it's like,
I don't know, maybe his head's just not into it.
It ends up going into the second intermission 6-5.
They get that goal in the last minute.
And I'm like, holy fuck.
I put out a state of address on social media because i'm like i think they need to change goalies obviously
sutter didn't they get out there first 90 seconds of the third period they end up fucking tying the
game i thought 100 if you had a gun to my head if you said who was going to win this game i would
have said the edmonton oilers but thankfully the offense kept rolling for the Calgary Flames. They ended up potting two more and escape what could have been an absolute colossal meltdown as a gift given to them in game one because Edmonton was dog shit.
As good as Smith's been, he wasn't strong off the top.
Do I want to put the blame on him?
No, because the amount of defensive breakdowns in that game are probably going to give Daryl Sutter an aneurysm on both sides of the puck,
because we know how defensive minded he is.
So I expect the next game to be a lot more physical and also a lot tighter.
I don't expect any more gong show games like that. Now, do you?
I have such little confidence right now. Like I, and, and by the way, the winning goal, so it's 6-6, they tie it up.
A minute later, one minute later, Rasmus Andersen comes down from the point.
Nobody even near him, dude.
Like, you just tied the game up.
Toffoli puts the puck on net.
It goes to the defenseman.
It somehow stays in the zone.
He wraps it around.
Back to Mangiapane.
Anderson is a defenseman inside the circle,
right at the dot, with not a person near him.
And he goes off of Koskinen's glove.
It's like you just had this amazing comeback on the road,
and that's what happens.
You give up a goal a minute later.
That was the most disgusting part of the whole game.
And there were a lot of them.
And the comeback was great.
But, I mean, yeah, Markstrom really stunk.
So I panicked because, first off, Calgary's a better team.
Calgary's a deeper team.
They're more physical.
The only chance we have, we have to stay out of all scrums.
We can't try to, like, out-physical them.
They have so many big bodies.
Like, Shadorov could Branson on D.
Then they got Looch running around.
We got to try to have a great power
play if we're getting power play opportunities,
but getting
that game would have been so shocking
the way it started and so important
for any chance of winning the series.
Now it's like you got to get game two, I feel.
And there's
fucking... What is it it, swimming up creek?
What's the saying, R.A.?
Swimming up stream.
Swimming up stream without a paddle.
I think that if Calgary goes on a run, Brady might be as big as Walt
by the end of it because he is just gassing beers in the crowd.
Have you seen this guy?
He's still there.
He was walking up.
He had two in his back pocket.
Two in his back pocket.
High five in every Calgary fan.
I love how when Kachuk got the hat trick,
the first Flaves playoff hat trick since 1995,
everyone's telling his dad, Keith, to throw in his hat.
You can read his lips.
He goes, this is my favorite hat.
I'm going to fucking throw in this hat on the ice.
The game the other day was great, too.
The last round, he put the kid on his shoulders.
I don't even know if he knew the kid.
He just put him on.
He's dancing around. It's like, careful there, Brady. I think he might have had a few pops i don't even know if he knew the kid he just put him on he's dancing around it's like careful there brady i think he
might have had a few pops but yeah he had two in the back pocket one on his hand and then the
sister taryn she was hugging keith she was double-fisted too it's like it's a family affair
it's a family affair getting out um but yeah no so i mean i think i guess the way only way to wrap
it up is it finishes six nine the, nice, and we move on.
It was an absolute shit show.
George Kittle, the football player,
everybody was tweeting about the Battle of Alberta
because it's such a shit show.
One other note, too.
Connor McDavid led all skaters on both teams,
25 minutes, 33 seconds of ice time.
That's our whole team.
Yeah, absolutely.
Then, yeah, let's see.
The early game, the Rangers, Carolina.
Like you guys said a few minutes ago, boring as hell to stop, man.
Just not a lot of excitement.
I thought it was more boring than Florida Tampa's first two periods.
Absolutely.
That was one of the worst.
Carolina was horrible.
I'll say this.
For a team at the beginning of the podcast and all season long
that I've been ragging about their defensive game,
I thought the first two periods,
the Rangers played unbelievable defensively.
They were closing on Carolina.
Carolina couldn't sniff a fucking scoring chance.
They were dumbing them.
And I thought that the biz curse had completely crippled the canes.
I give them the wake up between the,
the,
you know,
the second and third period.
Finally,
they fucking started dominating and much like the regular season
and much like you saw against the Pittsburgh Penguins,
the New York Rangers hung out their goaltender to dry.
The fact that they couldn't get the puck at their end
and they were allergic to it in the third period
completely cost them the game.
They ended up getting that late goal by Ajo
and their arseholes completely puckered up.
The one play that ended up fucking them royally was probably the only
opportunity they had in that third period when Capo Caco had a wide open net
and he sailed it wide.
Was that not the worst wide open net miss?
That might be the worst wide open net I've seen in playoff history,
at least in the last fucking decade.
He could have sealed that
game he could have stopped the puck and like then he could have blown it up your skate and take some
of the snow off the blade yeah just and then put it in the net he could have went what was he doing
and and he taped his stick came back and slid the fucking puck in the net. He grabs the torch, has a two-piece stick,
flames it, takes the old Bauer Linden blade out,
puts in a new one, then puts it in the empty net.
He goes in, gets a fucking massage by R.A.'s massage guy.
He gets turned into pizza dough.
Puts his gear back on.
Yeah, that's your second overall pick.
God, Kako, that's the guy every Rangers fan still says is going to be like Avery.
He's going to be a 40 goal scorer.
Like, all right.
Like, I just missed a wide open net to win you game one in a game.
You really had no business winning after that third period.
I think shots were 10 to four.
I would have guessed they were 20 to four.
It was like that was a shooting gallery for Carolina.
One guy I need to bring up.
This Keiondre Miller can fucking play.
Oh, yeah.
He's a stud holy second
year in the league the way he skates the way he defends he ran over jarvis twice in one shift
then he almost scored too would have been the best shift of all time maybe i will say he's a
great player former ranger jesper faust who what a what a what a gamer that's the type of player
you win with that guy
no wonder every team he goes on they're good i would say that uh honorable mention to ranta
and i know i've was great he was in the first two periods man he made some 10 bell saves
the way that he was able to spread out if he can stay healthy man he's the type of guy who can
steal you games it's just like that's the one thing that we've questioned and when he was
with the arizona coyotes i don't think he the one thing that we've questioned. And when he was with the Arizona Coyotes,
I don't think he went a month stretch where he was a starter that he was able
to stay healthy.
I want to say he hit the IR seven or eight times in his two,
three years there.
So that's the one question mark.
But credit to him, man.
He deserves a star in that one for keeping a minute through the first two
periods.
But they just let him hang around way too much.
Very disciplined game.
Not a lot of penalties called.
I'm wondering if that theme continues,
but I will say, guys, I know we got the winner
in overtime against the Penguins.
Panarin looks non-existent five on five.
Like for a guy making 10 million bucks,
like I can't notice this guy very much.
You know, everybody has seemed to do their thing
in the first round
as far as stars are concerned elevating their game at a certain point in time i'm still waiting for
the panarin show to show up and and at least help them get over the hump on one game but uh to to
lose game one on the road the way they did that is a kick in the dick but galant post game he said
hey we've been here before we lost game one in the first round, put it behind us, and here we roll.
So any other assessment on that game tonight, R.A.?
Gallant, I think he said it was also the best game they played all playoffs,
even though they lost.
And Shostakovich was pretty good.
I mean, you know, he had his troubles versus Pittsburgh,
but if he can get back in that zone, he can certainly make this series interesting.
He looked different tonight than in the Pittsburgh series.
He did. He looked really good.
The Ajo goal, what a dish by Jarvis
on the tying goal. And then kind of a bad luck bounce, you know, off
of Ling, I think, was it Lingren? Yeah, it was Lingren. Yeah, so it's like
mea culpa on me. Rangers fans coming at me as they
always do, the loudmouth pigeons in New York. But
I was totally incorrect in my, in my first round
analysis of, of Lafreniere not impressing me totally misspoke. I don't know what the hell
I was talking about. I'll go back. They're talking about the kid line, Kako, whatever.
I don't know. Sheetal, Heetal, whatever his name is. He scored a nice one tonight on a beautiful
pass by Lafreniere. Lafreniere's playing awesome.
I shouldn't have said that.
So you got me to admit that I'm wrong.
I'm a man of my word.
I can admit when I was wrong.
But this Capo Caco and you guys telling me this superstar in the making couldn't seal the deal, that's on you for drafting him second overall.
And I'll say this also.
If the Rangers go down 2-0 against carolina the way that they play team defense
they're done they're absolutely done now i wonder what merles thinks merles says bet the home team
if they lose game one knowing that they'll win game two i wonder if merles is leaning towards
betting the rangers he's lost about 4 500 on the rangers this year the guy loses every rangers bet
so if he bets him game two, I'm on Carolina.
Hey, boys, you guys can keep recording.
I'm getting a knock at the door.
I would imagine it's a noise complaint.
Or it's Sasha from Russia.
Sasha from St. Petersburg is here to give me a quick tug job.
Go answer it.
Yeah, just go answer it.
We'll hold for a second.
Well, you guys can keep chatting a little bit.
Maybe we should invite him in for a little breakdown.
Yeah, hey, bring him on the screen.
Bring him on the screen.
So in terms of this series, I think you're probably going to kind of see that type of boring hockey.
I know it's not great to say, but they're just both teams are so good
defensively that I don't think you're going to see any high scoring affairs.
Maybe one or two games.
There's a bunch of goals, but just Turkin, if he locks it in like he did
tonight, it'll be low scoring.
And that's how this series will be won.
Also, shout-out to Ian Cole.
Just his second ever playoff goal ended up being the game winner.
Guy's been around for a long time, hasn't scored a bunch,
so I always like to see those type of goals.
So you guys got any final thoughts on this series before we move along?
I know it was kind of a
That was my neighbor I'm sharing a wall with,
so I got to keep it down the rest of the podcast.
I'm going to be whispering.
So what did he say?
No, it was a girl.
Oh, okay.
Yeah, you can whisper.
You can whisper.
All right.
Except when we  are we done talking about the Rangers?
Yeah, we moved on.
Okay.
Boys, I just came down to HQ in Manhattan for a little bit.
I said earlier the weather's been great.
The street scenery, wink, wink, is terrific,
and the best way to make it better is to head over to your favorite local
bar and order up some smooth tasting Pink Whitney.
Or if you're hosting at home, serve it up as a chilled shot
or mix up with some club soda.
Gee, I saw you pounding some Pink Whitney all week down the office.
Of course.
Every night.
Every night, baby.
I love this stuff.
What about you, Whit?
How many days a week do you touch the stuff, Whit?
Three.
What about you, Witt? How many days a week do you touch the stuff, Witt? Three. What about you, Biz?
Well, A, I haven't had any here,
but I did wear my Pink Whitney tie on national television the other night.
I was getting chirped by some idiot Ranger fans about how it looked.
It matched my suit.
You don't even know how to tie a tie.
I know.
I just tie in a knot and throw it on.
But to all you who have been sending us photos and hashtagging it
and following us on social media on the Pink Whitney accounts,
we have an amazing contest going on,
specifically on the Instagram where we're doing a giveaway every Wednesday.
So we just want to thank all of our L'Oreal followers
and people who support the brand and drink it
and who are sending us photos of you crushing it during playoffs.
And obviously, every power play goal your team scores, you got to do a shot.
That's how we're doing things around here lately.
I'm going to try to keep it classy because I got to keep in tune
for not only the broadcast but for the podcast.
But I tell you what, when I'm done with this work binge,
I'm going to be crushing Pink Whitney all summer long.
I actually want to kind of throw a Pink Whitney party
when I get back to Vancouver with my friends,
maybe do like a little boat tour.
So thank you to everybody.
Shout out to Pink Whitney.
We love our main sponsor, our presenting sponsor,
and keep supporting us so we keep doing all these amazing things we get to do.
We love you.
And maybe I'll drop off a bottle for my next-door neighbor
before waking her up in the middle of the night
on behalf of the Spit and Chickled Screw screw well however you take your pink whitney enjoy the five times distilled
vodka infused with fresh pink lemonade flavor right about now grinnell why don't you do a little
bit more of a deep dive on what's going on the instagram quickly for the for the listeners so
they can win free prizes yeah bitch so we got merch packages. We got beach packages. We got golf package packages.
And all you got to do is follow the pink Whitney Instagram.
All right. Every Wednesday, pink Whitney giveaway all summer long.
Keep the change. You're filthy animals.
All right. Well, of course the second round started Tuesday night.
The first game, the battle of Florida for the second year in a row,
the two time defending champs versus the president's trophy winner,
Gulf side versus Atlantic side.
And after Anthony Duclair put the cats up one, nothing with his first career playoff goal, champs versus the president's trophy winner gulf side versus atlantic side and after anthony du
clair put the cats up one nothing with his first career playoff goal tampa bay scored four unanswered
goals three of which which came on the power play two of them from their fourth line ended up winning
four to one just an insane level of talent in this game boys it seemed like every time one of the
teams went up the ice they could score uh the fourth line like i just said was huge with tampa
bay goals from per Perry and Belmar.
That sick pass from Kucherov to Perry was unbelievable.
Florida thought they tied it at two.
Goal ended up being disallowed.
It was an obvious call.
It hit the net.
It was tough to see in the replay.
Cooper went crazy.
They ended up taking it down. But then there was the other goal, Biz, when was it?
Tampa was up three.
It was a two-to-one.
And the goaltender interference, which Sorelli has asked,
hit Bobrovsky in the face. They looked at it.
They said, no, they allowed it to stand. And I was very surprised.
Were you surprised or no?
I think the goal should have been disallowed.
He clearly makes contact with his stick and with his head.
I was asking Coho. He thought the same thing on the broadcast.
He kind of froze up because he's like,
I think this is going to be disallowed,
but the way they've been calling it is they've kind of been encouraging more goals.
And it seemed like a 50-50.
So he wasn't shocked that they ended up allowing it.
Now, I'm going to disagree with you in a sense of the first half of the game, the execution was dog shit.
I thought the game was so boring.
There was no life in the building.
Absolute pathetic performance, in my opinion, by Florida to come out.
Now, they did get Duclair going. duclair was a healthy scratch in game six this guy had 31 goals during the regular
season and he's not looked like his regular season self well he got back going that's a good thing
for the florida panthers but the main topic for the florida panthers right now is their dog shit power play. It's fucking embarrassing.
Only two teams in the last decade have won a round
without scoring a power play goal in that round,
and they did it the last round against Washington.
I believe it was Boston Bruins, I think,
might have done it the year that they won the cup.
There's one other one, and then also in 2020, actually,
when Tampa Bay Lightning beat the Columbus Blue Jackets.
I want to say they swept them in four games.
They did not score a power play goal.
But if they don't get their power play going,
they're going to be done in five games against this Tampa Bay Lightning team.
I don't think that Huberto, he's another guy who has not looked like himself.
He's second-guessing him and double-clutching on the power play,
not executing.
They're overthinking things.
We talked about that Ekblad injury and how it took away from the power play
and they had to make adjustments, and it was rolling towards the end of the season.
All of a sudden, they come back together,
and maybe there's a little bit of feng shui that's off. at this point with and you were a power play guy i don't know how long
you were on power plays that struggled at certain points but it is clearly becoming psychological
at this point no yeah and when i was on the power play and the power play struggled i was the guy
taking off the power play so i kind of understand that at some point you got to make a change
usually the weakest link.
It's kind of hard to look at Florida's weakest link.
I know we talked about five forwards at one point,
then Eckblad came back.
The team is just, they're in disarray.
And yeah, Duclair got back in the lineup and he scored.
But after the fourth line, he then played the least minutes,
played like 12 minutes.
So I'm sure Brunette was disgusted with his effort
if he ended up playing only 12 minutes after he scored in the first period, right?
So you could tell that that guy's game's off.
Yeah, the whole team looks off.
But as I said before, Andre Vasilevsky, this fucking guy, it doesn't matter.
I don't even care who they play.
He's now in the groove again.
He had a couple weird games against Toronto.
I'm sure that Game 7 effort all of a sudden gave him that kind of
how do I describe it?
Just that light bulb goes off in his brain reminding himself,
oh, I'm the best to ever do it.
I'm the greatest goalie in the world.
And last night, I mean, Florida didn't play great.
Sorry, it was Sunday night or whatever, Tuesday night.
I don't even know what fucking day it is.
But Florida didn't play great, but they still had tons of chances.
He's just sitting there just hitting them, same as game seven,
no angles, nothing to do, nothing to shoot at.
And if Tampa's going to have Kucherov play like that,
Florida's in a lot of trouble.
I don't care if they have no Braden point.
I don't care what the hell happens. If Vasilevsky's healthy and kucherov's playing like he did florida's done
and kucherov took a lot of shit kind of rightfully so because there were some games in the first
round he wasn't even exist he is non-existent well wit did you okay so talk ended up telling
us he had the flu game six and seven. He was puking and stuff.
I thought he was injured because he definitely didn't look like himself.
And I got a couple tweets about it, and people were like,
oh, how's he looking now?
And I'm like, he looks fucking great.
He just walked Ekblad and set up Corey Perry back door,
keep the fucking change.
Yeah, he looks amazing now.
And it was clear that something was off.
So Talk ended up  he must have talked to Coop, and Coop said, yeah, he had the flu, he was puking and shit.
But going back to game seven now against the Leafs,
after point went down, the fact that he was able to muster it up
and get the job done in the second half of that game,
much like you were giving credit to Dreisaitl,
credit to Kucherov, man.
That's a, buddy, playing through that where you have no energy
and you want to be keeled over because
you got the flu. Well, now he
looks healthy as ever and he fucking what a
play that was to walk Eckblad and
slide that over. That was a tap in for Corey
Perry and that's what got them going
in that game. That game one
issues for Tampa
that Cernak injury. Cernak
is a fucking beast. Hell of a hockey
player. Playoff style player.
Be strong, tough, physical.
Prick to play against.
So if he's really injured, that's going to be a tough, tough goal.
And they've been playing 11 forward, 7D.
And Cal Foote looked great in the first round, but they sat him down.
He didn't play for long stretches in game one.
So then they're kind of rolling with five because of the injury to Cernak.
I think Bogosian, Bogosian's still got a lot in the tank, huh?
I thought he might be done.
He's playing some solid hockey.
He's playing big minutes, tough to play against,
similar to Cernak's style game.
Hedman's obviously the horse that runs the whole show.
Ekblad is that player on Florida.
He is not Victor Hedman, though.
So when you look at top-end players, yeah, Barkov's unreal
and Huberto had this unbelievable season.
You look at Kucherov, Hedman, and Vasilevsky,
that three-headed monster's shitting on
Florida's top three players. I'm sorry.
And Barkov's the best
all-around forward maybe in the game, but
you look at those three together on Tampa,
now back to that goal being
allowed.
The broadcast did a good job.
I don't remember who was doing the announcement.
I think it was Keith Jones.
Was he doing the color or in between the benches biz?
No, he does color now.
Okay, so he's doing the color.
And I think while they're reviewing the goal, he goes,
oh, well, Kucherov just saw the replay and hopped over the bench.
He knows this one's getting called back.
And it didn't.
And I never really saw the explanation.
And, you know, I think people are most pissed off because Bobrovsky, he's in the crease.
He's not even outside the crease, and he gets nudged in the head.
And I think they talk about if you do make contact with the goalie, but then he has enough time to reset himself and make the save that it would still be a goal.
Dude, his head snaps over, and by the time it's's that it would still be a goal dude his head snaps over and
by the time it's back the shots going through him so i really am so confused as to how that counted
and and i i i really wonder when they're looking at goals now how they're making decisions i said
the first round i was confused at what's a goal by the way i'm whispering just because you're
whispering because i don't even know what i'm doing but i was confused in the first round you
guys gave me shit you fucking three idiots you're like, because I don't even know what I'm doing. But I was confused in the first round. You guys gave me shit.
You fucking three idiots.
You're like, what are you talking about?
Why are you confused?
Are you guys not confused now?
Now nobody has a clue what's a goal.
I know Dave Jackson on Twitter,
he was saying that even though his feet were in the crease,
Bobrovsky, because he was leaning over,
that part of his body was out of the crease.
Really?
I was like, well, that shouldn't matter.
I don't know who that is, but they're wrong.
That was goalie interference.
Former ref.
I'm sorry, go up there.
No, plain and simple, that was goalie interference.
I looked it up.
Rule 69.3, contact inside the goal crease.
If an attacking player initiates contact with a goalkeeper,
incidental or otherwise, while the goalkeeper is in his goal crease
and a goal is scored, the goal will be disallowed. And that's the epitome of affecting a guy's ability to make a save i mean
his ass hits him in the head as the puck's coming in i because i we were doing the live stream i saw
this goal's coming down and i had the over i needed it but i i was shocked the shit that they kept it
up there because hey and um you said what for but the way that they went out and lost Coleman, who had two sick goals for Calgary tonight, and lost Gord and lost Goudreau,
and all of a sudden they get Paul and they fucking get Hagel,
it's unbelievable that they went and did it.
They literally went and found other third-line players
who could exactly get the job done the same way.
So without that, without those moves, I mean, and Colton,
this Colton is awesome.
And he seems like an enormous prick on the ice too.
Yeah.
You saw his celebration last night.
He made it 4-1.
A little bit of a big celebration for a fourth goal.
Yeah, that kid is unbelievable.
And nobody replenishes their roster quite like Tampa Bay either.
No way.
That's why they're competing for another cup again.
It's amazing that they're still doing this.
Will they run out of gas?
Who knows?
But to watch this team and to watch this goalie right now,
we're looking at true greatness.
You know, I was a little bit concerned of the lack of use of fourth line
in that Toronto series,
and we actually interviewed Patty Maroon right before the game.
And I think it was Talk who asked him about you know
are you going to be going on knocking on the coach's door for more ice time and he's he
essentially said we're going to find a way to be more of a factor will they get the eventual game
winner and i don't know if you guys saw the face off they ended up changing it up in the offensive
zone where they put both wingers on the inside and then they put the defenseman on on the wall
and then on that 50 50 battle when the puck drops for the faceoff,
Maroon ends up coming in and helping out and poking it back,
and then he ends up poking it up to Perry,
and then Belmar ended up falling up.
And as Perry poked it and then Maroon went to the net,
Sherratt and Ekblad get dragged into Maroon,
and then that's when it opened up the lane for Belmar.
So a great offensive zone faceoff ends up winning the game.
And I know we talked about how it should have been a lot closer
because that third one shouldn't have counted,
but that's the fourth line coming up big.
And right now it's the bottom six for Tampa over the last few games
who have really stepped up and got the win.
I know I got the clown nose on, and I got Florida in five.
One component that... P picked him in five i picked him at five because did i pick him in five why are you why are you doing that
why don't you respect the lightning i i know i should start respecting the lightning more but
i genuinely thought that because of the point injury you're mentioning the cernak injury they
look so fucking tired they look gassed in that third period against toronto like they laid everything on the line they blocked 60 million fucking shots
and all of a sudden you had a florida team who finally got over the hump they did it in six
they don't brofsky i know they got fucking brofsky but they have a fresh team and you thought they
would have learned their fucking lesson and you got to assume that the power plays gonna finally
at one point start firing and it's not firing that's why i picked them in five but andrew brunette needs to go into
that locker room and lose his fucking mind you get one trump card to come in at one point and
lose your mind to try to spark your team he has to fucking do that florida is playing like absolute
dog shit in playoffs they're playing playing with fire. They need to
wake the fuck up. Wake up, Florida.
If you don't wake the fuck up,
the champs are going to keep being champs and keep moving
on, and I'm going to look like a fucking idiot.
By the way, they scratched
that Mason Marchman. I mean,
maybe he hadn't played great. He's a
monster. He can score. He's
physical. Get that guy back in the lineup.
Hey, that's why i was a
little concerned about the drew but all those rules been unbelievable it's overkill it's almost
like they got too many good guys now they're overthinking it just stick with the same fucking
team and get the job done i was gonna bring up with that that call on mcdonough um oh charlie
brutal brutal i was like you can't possess a puck any more than hold it in your fucking hand.
I mean, it was perfectly timed hit.
I couldn't believe they called.
It didn't really matter in the long run.
I love Nolichari, but if that's a penalty in the NHL playoffs,
I'm the best fucking putter in the world.
I mean, what the fuck?
That was a perfect hit.
Perfect body check.
The guy has the puck.
You don't see Koop get animated too much.
He was fucking losing his mind, especially after he saw the replay.
Quickly, quickly, back to Calgary Edmonton, just quick.
Daryl Sutter's post-game press conference.
And now I can't do his voice, so it's way funnier if you watch the clip.
But he said, we were told it was a boring series last time,
so I told the players yesterday,
we got to score seven to ten goals today.
That's what we did.
He is a human quote machine.
I love that guy.
That's my team.
Talking about refs, we haven't even mentioned our guest yet.
We're not bringing him on right now in a little bit.
Referee Tim Peel, he's been retired for a little bit.
Well-known through the NHL when he reffed a few years back.
So we're going to bring him on in a little bit.
Do you guys have any final thoughts on this Florida series,
Florida-Tampa series before we go to St. Louis, Colorado?
This is the Murley, Garrett.
This is the Murley Rule 5 of EBR, I believe,
is the betting the home team game too.
So I'm not doing it
because I don't bet against Tampa
unless it's game seven against the Leafs
so I can mush the Leafs and have Tampa win.
Yeah, Paul, Tampa Bay.
I'm sorry, Florida 0 for 21
in the playoffs in the power play so far.
That is insane.
Buddy, going into this.
So in the first round of playoffs,
they had 18 power plays.
They had 20 shots on net in those power plays.
They had nine shots against on those power plays. So their power play had mustered up 11 shots for,
plus 11 shots and no goals.
They're just sucking the life out of their team.
I'm trying to think of an analogy.
sucking the life out of their team.
I'm trying to think of an analogy.
The home crowd, the life was sucked right out of the home crowd because of it.
A lot of Tampa Bay fans there.
A lot of Tampa Bay fans, and that was the worst home crowd.
They might as well have gone back to three years ago and had nobody in the building.
That's how fucking loud it was.
I'm trying to think of an analogy.
I was maybe thinking like Steph Curry all of a sudden just missing missing free throws but that's not good because it's an individual player where your
power play that's been amazing all year can't score it would be like if the best offense in
the nfl got to the playoffs and the first 20 times they were in the red zone they didn't get a point
it's like what the fuck is going on they literally biz like you, are in their own head. There's no explanation otherwise.
It's not like Washington had this insane PK either.
No, they're doing it to themselves.
So we can move on to what I think is the most primed-up team ready to go.
And I know I took a flyer and I took a chance on the fact that St. Louis would be Colorado.
But holy shit, do they look ready. They look ready to hoist the cup right now. Louis would be Colorado. But holy shit, do they look ready.
They look ready to hoist the cup right now.
They are just nuts.
Yeah, we've been blessed with some tremendous goaltender performances so far in the playoffs.
We've got another one Tuesday's late game.
Jordan Bennington picked up right where he left off
in the first round.
Single-handedly kept the Blues in this game.
Stopped 51 of 54 shots.
But thanks to a perfect Gabriel Landeskog screen on a Josh Manson shot in OT,
he didn't see the 54th, and Colorado escaped with a 3-2 win.
Even though Colorado played their asses off, completely dominated,
outshot the Blues 54 to 25.
I say escaped because Bennett was so damn close to stealing that game.
Unbelievable performance, but do you think he's going to be that much of a difference
or is Colorado just going to smoke them here?
I think that was similar to the one game that Nashville ended up putting a fight
and bringing it to overtime against them.
Let me pump the brakes there, actually.
Berube is a very good coach.
I think that they will make adjustments.
He was pretty irate in the postgame
press conference, kept it together, but he got asked a few questions where he was just very
short-winded with them. Face-offs, they were awful. They were awful. Between JT Comfer,
Caudry and Landis Cog, they were 19-3 on draws.
Each of them were over 80. So when you're giving away the puck to a team like that off the hop,
it's not ideal.
And the only way they were able to win draws
was when they were throwing O'Reilly on the ice.
So they had to keep throwing him on there.
Robert Thomas was getting chewed up in the face-off circle.
He's a hell of a player, but maybe that's one tool that he hasn't developed in his bag.
So all of a sudden, you're having one of your best centermen in O'Reilly.
He's having to be a repairman.
He's having to go take defensive zone draws.
And considering Colorado's so good at face-offs, if he's going 50,
that means 50 of the time he's starting off his shifts in his own end,
getting eaten alive, where he's starting off his shifts in his own end getting eaten alive
where he's got to spend 45 seconds playing defensive zone against this fucking juggernaut
and when you have these waves of offense coming at him there's no way they're going to be able
to do it so the ice was completely tilted the whole game they weren't able to get any type of
sustained pressure in the offensive zone to relieve any pressure from their own back end so they just
had no gas in the tank to get any type of anything going so without binnington that game's 10 fucking
one um there was also a couple questionable goals at the end of that game i don't know how you guys
felt about them the one hold in the corner where devon taves got a stick wrapped around and then
also the high stick on Shen now Shen ended up high
stick and I I don't remember who it was but the guys spun him around and his head was about three
like probably two feet off the ice so it wasn't a high stick it was a low stick so tons of people
were messaging me talk everybody being like this is a bullshit call why are you laughing just calling it a low stick's funny to
me it wasn't a high stick it was a low stick like my low voice yeah but but that ended up that ended
they ended up scoring on the power play and that's what pushed it to overtime but uh they would not
be denied manson comes up huge landis kog was a beats beast they were so good on puck retrievals
all night long they had a crack at it
they ended up retrieving it below the goal line cadre over to lannis god up top low to high he
does the pump fake finds the screen zips it up top game over sign sealed and delivered if they bring
that type of effort against st louis they're going to be out of the series in four games
yeah i mean amazing to hear a guy who picked st louis all of a sudden after one game say it's it could be over but i don't think you're that far off now here's the problem
you get an effort like that from binnington at the same time you have an off night from macar
who kind of was at fault in the first o'reilly goal it made a little bit of a weak play and it
got deflected back to o'reilly so you got Makar having an off night, which isn't really ever going to happen again,
maybe at least not next game.
He's not going to have two bad games.
I'm not even saying he was bad, but he wasn't his usual dominant self.
And then also, Colorado has so many different weapons that the big dogs are off.
It doesn't even matter.
This Nishushkin?
Nishushkin.
Nishushkin.
Holy shit.
Let me remind everyone, too.
In 2018, 19, he didn't score a goal the whole fucking season for Dallas.
And Colorado brought him over.
And he had two solid years.
Then this year, he went off.
Now, granted, he's playing on one of the top lines. He had 25 goals this year, just under a point per game.
And now he's a truck.
He skates.
He's one of the fastest skaters in the league. He's made a huge
difference. He does a great job in
game one. Landis Glock on the
OT winner. It was a shift you
should show every young hockey player
ever that wants to play with drive
and play with passion like a captain
does. He wins a battle. He gets
the puck back. He then gets the screen.
Manson has a hell of a fake shot and then gets one through.
Bednar talked about Manson
after the game and talked about how big of a difference
he made and how great of a game he had.
And that's one where Joe Sackick after
was like, that was a great trade.
I'm telling you, you trade for a guy like that and he has
one OT winner, it's like, holy fuck, that trade was
worth it. Maybe that's a little bit of an exaggeration,
but you guys know what I mean. He made an impact
and he's a beast of a defenseman and um the other thing i wanted to mention was
even the shots being that that you know lopsided i think it was two to one basically the scarier
thing is the scoring chances it was like 39 to 11 it was it was it was worse than the shots, the actual grade A chances, too. Grade A chances after the second period were 17-1.
I mean, what the fuck are you going to do with that, St. Louis?
How are you supposed to come back from that?
Krug is such a big loss right now.
Not having him is such a killer to get out of your own zone.
I know I said that last episode.
Shout-out to Binnington.
You've got to start him again.
Unfortunately, of all the amazing saves,
I think the goal that put Colorado up 2-1, Girardi probably liked back.
He kind of sucked that one in.
I think it went 5-4.
But, I mean, you can't really chirp a guy for one bad goal in a game
when he makes 50 frigging saves.
But Colorado, they are at a different level than every other team.
They haven't lost yet.
They only haven't lost yet.
They've only  they've only haven't been leading a game for 10 seconds,
it felt like.
Well, and you said, like, a quote-unquote off night from a car is, like,
basically 90 of the league if you look at the defensemen.
That's their best game of the season is an off night from a car.
You then have Gerrard.
You have Taves.
You have Byram. Those three guys are mobile mobile active guys who can get up the ice like gerard like he was fucking buzzing through
the neutral zone like you saw on his goal he was the one who generated the offense by walking it
through the neutral zone he ended up passing it over to landis cock who ended up dumping it in so
it's like they just have these waves and waves and waves another thing that
barubi was not happy about was their line changes which were absolute dog shit too so
all the way the kairu goal was because of a bad line change on the pk by colorado right so
barubi's upset about a thing with st louis and it was actually a problem for colorado and they
still won so everyone's in one
playing Colorado. Whoever wins Calgary
Edmonton, they're going to fucking smoke.
It doesn't matter. Maybe
Tampa can beat them.
I don't know. They're a fucking wagon
dude. Who the hell is going to beat the Avalanche?
Look at the team. I'm regretting my
St. Louis pick right now.
I was being a bit of a
hero. I was trying to be a reverse mush again.
R.A., anything else you want to touch on?
Yeah, Ryan O'Reilly had a sixth of the playoffs.
He's got a goal in five straight games.
And like we said, for all the talk about Makar and Taves,
it was Gerard Mansfield combined for two goals and an assist.
In OT, the Avs outshot him 13 to nothing.
They hit five posts during the game.
The Avs have now beat the Blues in eight straight playoff games.
So basically, next game is the Blues season, I would say.
I mean, you go down 2-0 to a team like that, you're probably toast.
So I'm going to have to throw a little something.
Yeah, how are you going to win four out of five against them?
Yeah, exactly.
Anything else, boys?
You want to throw it over to Timmy Peel or what?
Yeah, this was a really fun interview.
I know he's been popping up a lot places.
I think he just went on Pat McAfee as well,
but we wanted to sit down with him for
I think we got about an hour and a half with him, G.
Fun stories, though.
Good guy, good storyteller.
What a fun guy to chat with, man.
We'll have him on again, but I know
we've been ragging on officials. Maybe
they got to bring him back.
Need some playoff experience.
It's hot, Mike.
I got a better chance of playing in the Masters next year
than Peeler getting brought back, and he knows it.
All right, well, this interview was brought to you by GameTime,
the exclusive ticketing partner of Bastl Sports.
GameTime is a new ticketing app that makes it easier than ever
to score last-minute deals on tickets to sports, concerts, and shows, and they guarantee the lowest price. They crack the code on how to score deals on
last-minute tickets. Got my Bruins game six tickets last week. It was a breeze. Checked out the app
last minute, saw a price I liked, rung them up, and within a half hour, I was in the awesome seats
telling people down in front, the biggest last-minute price drops can be found on the seats
you thought you could never buy. Me and G been taking good advantage of it
this year.
G you're going to do some stuff across the street.
MSG or what?
Yeah.
I was thinking of maybe trying to go to a Rangers playoff games if we have
some time.
So of course,
first call game time,
baby.
No doubt before game time,
it was a real roll of the dice because you didn't know who you could trust,
but you can trust game time because they get it done.
So download the GameTime app, go to the account tab to create a login,
and redeem the code CHICKLETS for 20 off your first purchase.
Terms do apply.
Download GameTime.
Last-minute tickets, lowest price, guaranteed.
And now, enjoy Tim Peel.
It's a pleasure to welcome our next guest to the show he reffed
his first NHL game in October of 1999 and would add over 1300 more games as well as over 90 playoff
games he also worked at 2014 Olympics as well as two winter classics and his first penalty was
called on shocker Mark Messier thanks so much for joining us on the Spitting Chickens podcast.
Tim Peel. How's it going, Peeler?
I'm great. I'm great. Listen, I'm not sure.
Am I supposed to call you Rear Admiral
or Brian? I'm not sure.
Because I really like
the Rear Admiral, so I just might
call you that. Have you heard why he's called
Rear Admiral? You may change your opinion
on that. I think
my mother and my wife and I two still call me Brian Peeler.
So let's stay with RA for now.
Well, thanks for having me, boys.
Pleasure's all ours.
I know you live in St. Louis now.
And St. Louis is one of those cities where guys who play there,
whatever sport it is, they seem to settle there.
How did you end up in St. Louis?
Yeah, no, you're right, Brian.
The guys love it here.
2001, I got hired in 98. I was living in
Toronto. And Don Koharski, who I really looked up to, he was from the Maritimes. I grew up in
New Brunswick. He grew up in Nova Scotia. Then we both lived in Toronto. And then he moved to St.
Louis 10, 15 years before I did. And I wanted to get out of Canada because of the taxes. And so I went to
my boss at the time was Andy Van Helleman. And he said, he said, Where do you want to go? And I said,
St. Louis, and I didn't know anybody in and except coho. So I came here and in 2001.
And it was it was a month before 911. And, and we go to training camp and that's when 9-11 hit and i remember um
coming back to the united states and coming back to st louis and i couldn't believe how patriotic
americans were and it really it really got me and i'm like you know what I I belong here I love I love the United States and
obviously then I became a citizen and and uh so yeah Coho was the first guy and then Coho
introduced me to Chaser and then Chaser obviously you know he's the mayor here in St. Louis and he
introduced me to everybody and 20 years 21 years later I'm here met my wife here and this is it
so you know every donut chop in
byron st louis now exactly
coho really missed the boat on that he really missed the boat on
he should have a donut he should have a donut franchise at this yeah yeah he missed the boat
on that and that happened one that happened obviously sean felds uh uh episode in
jersey and then a couple nights later coho was working in boston and as he came out for the game
the fans had put all these dunkin donut boxes on the ledge as he was skating around and uh yeah he
uh he missed the boat on that one for sure especially on wayne's world i mean officer
kohl haski they kind of immortalized him with that.
He had to catch it at that point.
He was a legend, you know.
Have you been giving to him about his calls on
TNT yet? Yeah, no,
I'm not because I know that is a tough
job and it's,
you know what,
I think he's doing a
great job and Steph Ogier doing a good
job. It's tough doing a good job.
It's tough to go on there.
You don't want to go on there and go fuck the rest, fucked it up.
They missed the call.
You don't want to throw him out of the bus. Yeah.
Like nobody wants that. The league doesn't want it. And so I think what they're trying to do is educate the fans on why
something was called, why it wasn't called.
And you know what?
They're doing a good job,
but they'll probably be busier now in the playoffs.
As you guys know, regular season,
you got three or four penalties.
You got a hook, a hold, a trip, whatever.
Now the shit's going to hit the fan here next week.
And so those guys will probably be a little busier.
Well, that's one of
the things we wanted to ask you about like you know you know what's your thoughts on going from
regular season hockey to playoff hockey and i know uh at the beginning of the year they were
talking a lot about the cross check i think the big one was ended up being on uh was it kucherov
for yeah it was getting it yeah it was mayfield on on kucherov in long island and i think everyone
agrees that that was one that should have been called and and uh i don't want to say our standard
slipped because walkham does a really good job of making sure we stay on standard hook on the hands
free hand stuff like that but maybe it did slip a little but that's what the competition committee's for
the gms they get together every summer and say hey where can we improve the game a few years ago
you know i was on with mark mathot there a while ago and do you remember when sid slashed his hand
and and basically mathot's finger was hanging off and yeah you got the johnny depp special
yeah whatever you end off what might have been playing with Sid then.
And so then we're like, hey, we got to tighten up our slashing standard.
Same thing with cross-checking.
I think the guys have done a great job this year.
You don't really see that many of them.
But it's a good point.
Is it going to ramp up in the playoffs?
And if it does, our guys will be ready to call it.
I'd love to get in, and will get into your your entire story and
then kind of how it all ended and more than anything I'm curious we talked to so many players
that after their career it's tough and you miss the game and you miss the guys same with you guys
very close group knit of friends as referees was it hard for you I mean we're a little over a year
since you've been done was it was there times of kind of was difficult and a little depressing or was it actually like, all right,
I'm kind of now at the point where I stepped away from the game and I'm
comfortable.
No, that's a, that's a great question.
I know that it is tough for, for a lot of people, you know, I, uh,
I'm actually, uh, my birthday's tomorrow. I'm turning 56. So
you look good for 56.
My birthday's tomorrow.
I'm turning 56.
Happy B-Day.
You look good for 56, Peter. You look great.
Not going to lie.
So actually, Biz, I need some spending money for my birthday,
so I'm playing with one of your colleagues, Panger.
I'm going to try to get into that pigeon's wallet
and get some money out of it.
I thought you said you were going to start selling swipe-ups or something.
Get you a Peeler 20 promo code. banger and i are gonna play tomorrow my birthday
and have a few beers on the course and so on so so i got late i got started later in life obviously
you know my son bronson's nine um my daughter's eight so i had my first at 46 and my second at 48
and i'd been single my whole career and uh you, for a reason I would have been a bad married husband and I would have been a
bad father back in the day being on the road all the time. So, but, uh,
so the last couple of years, whether I was really, you know,
I'm watching Bronson Jamal mayors and I, uh,
we coach a select team here in St. Louis and Jeremy and I coach it.
And his son crew is the same age as Bronson.
So we've been together the last couple of years and, you know,
I'm in Vegas and I'm watching their games on live burn.
And my daughter's a really good horseback rider.
She's got a show this weekend and I'd miss her shows.
And so the last two years, I still love the game.
I still went out and worked hard, of course,
but I was looking forward to when the season was over and, and just, you know,
I think you've got small kids and, and you know, it's tough.
We're on the road. I got a great Walt story.
So in the lockout in 2004, you guys remember when Walt came back from the
lockout, he was a little big at the time.
He's a big boy. So we were at the time. He's a big boy.
He's always a big boy.
He was eating all those donuts along the glass.
So we were hanging out at OB Clark's one day,
good sports bar here in St. Louis.
And I'm going on to Walt.
I think I'm trying to make him feel sorry for me.
And I think I'm getting to him because I'm like, Walt,
you play 41 home games I go
I go I have five home games the entire year I go so that means I'm on the road 36 more games
times it by two I'm on the road 72 more nights than you are and Walt goes like this he's got
his Budweiser and he takes a big sip he sets it down he goes i guess you should have been a been a better player
and i'm like i'm like good point you know swear to god you're gonna shot more pox peeler yeah
typical walt you know and so you know what it i'm loving it i i do not miss it at all. I'm loving this, the next chapter of my life. I don't miss the travel.
And that's, and that's to remind everyone,
the players are lucky enough to be flying private jets. I mean,
you guys are grinding out delays at the airports,
fucking issues with the flights. It's like, it's a lot more stressful, right?
It was brutal. It was the worst part of our job.
The games were the easy part it was the travel and it's funny you bring that up whether because uh i'm still on this
text thread with a few guys that are working and uh the league was very good to us you know they
flew us first class uh but there were many times you had to take a Southwest flight, and obviously there's no first class.
The cattle.
Sitting bitch between two fatties.
So, like, I like to get on the plane, and the first thing I do is, hey,
can I get a, very politely, you know, but can I get a cocktail?
I need a cocktail as soon as I get on.
So I'm figuring out on Southwest,
it literally would take 30 or 40 fucking minutes
to get a a drink like it takes forever to get a drink on southwest so because i was a1 preferred
we'd be the first ones bored in the flight so i tried it one night and and i went right to the
back of the plane because there's always a couple flight attendants at the back of the plane because there's always a couple of flight attendants at the back of the plane.
And I peel off a 20.
I give it to them.
I said, hey, you know, can I ask a favor?
I said, do you think I could get a glass of wine before, you know, when we take off?
And they're like, oh, no, no, you don't have to give us any money.
I said, no, I really would like to.
I said, I'd really appreciate it.
Well, then they take the money.
Now I got them in my back pocket.
So this one flight, I'm literally, we're just taking off and it's going and like the you know we're like this and the flight attendant
comes from behind flips the tray over the trays on a slant she sets down the glass of red wine
everyone's looking around at me going who who the fuck is this guy how is he getting a glass of wine
already so one of the guys so i did this for like we're at 3 000 feet and they're giving this guy wine so i
did this for five six years on southwest so i tell the guys so one of the guys that i work with he's
a linesman and he texts me tonight he goes and he's on this text already goes 15 minutes he goes
i'm using the peelsie trick he says of the time it works all the time.
That's a veteran call right there. Do you have, do you have any nightmare travel stories?
Like, like you just mentioned how sometimes you guys, but you have this, maybe spend the night
in an airport. No, I didn't. I never had that. You know what it, you know, had the, didn't have
to sleep there, but many, you know, a lot of times
you're there and, and, uh, you know, all of a sudden, finally you're, you're holding on,
holding on. And then finally the flight gets canceled. So now you got to get your bags.
You got to get the shuttle bus. We're Marriott guys over the shuttle. It was a show. And I,
but I, you guys, and I know you appreciated it, especially now that you're retired.
But I was in Phoenix doing a coyote game a few years ago, and there was a big snowstorm
in Denver and Tampa was in Arizona and Tampa was flying to Denver after the game.
So they came to Brad Kovacek and I, they said, Hey, we want you to get on the flight with
Tampa and to get to Colorado because the guys aren't going to get there for the game.
So Coop and I, you know, so Coop's first job really in hockey was coaching.
John Cooper was coaching the Texas Arcana Bandits, which Hulley and Chaser owned.
So then they relocated the Bandits to St. Louis.
They were then the St. Louis Bandits.
He won a national championship here.
So because Coop was the assistant or the coach for Chaser's team and Chaser
and I are best buddies, Coop and I would hang out all the time.
And then he went on and on to win other stuff.
So now he's the head coach of tampa and you know him
and i have drank a lot of wine over the years so so we sit down covey and i are in you know
row two or whatever the charter and and and uh coop all of a sudden he's i see him talking to
the flight attendants and he comes back and he's got a big styrofoam cup and he goes here you go
peels the units and i'm, this is the way to travel.
Food, wine, it was awesome.
Rinelli, pull up the score sheet to that next game.
I want to see any power plays.
Look at the lightning gun.
They were 7-1 in favor of Tampa.
Giving them five-minute majors for offsides.
End up winning the cup after.
Yeah, exactly.
What about looking back?
I mean, I have so many different questions.
Was there ever a time you can remember maybe the maddest a player ever got at you, right?
Like a time when you're like, holy fuck, this guy's fuming right now.
You know what? Trip Tracy actually texted something out the other day.
It was after my you know, my tweet of, of whatever. And,
and he said, someone was ripping me and he goes, Hey,
I've known Pillsy for years. He's got the thickest skin. I know.
He goes when Carolina won the Stanley cup and Dougie
weight had been traded from St. Louis andougie and i'd play golf in the summer
and that dougie goes to carolina they win the cup it was the second or third round probably the
second and anyway they're playing montreal and i wave off a goal against carolina and i honestly
can't remember i think it was the right call but it might have been the wrong call. And Brenda Moore and Rod and I would joke about it years later.
Brenda Moore literally had a stick in his hand.
And I, I, I swear to God,
I thought he's going to hit me over the fucking head with this stick.
He was so pissed off at me.
So they went on to win the cup and then they,
they brought it to St.
Louis and I went to Dougie's party and and Tracy was there and he brought up that story.
But there were a few times I remember it was the Olympics in 2014.
And I don't know if Finland had won the last time that they had won a medal.
I can't remember. And I'm doing the bronze medal game and they're playing the United States and I called two penalty
shots in the first period in favor of the U.S. and I think Kaner might have had both of them
and Timu Solani came over and he was spitting in my face because he won just this was his last
Olympics and he wanted to win a medal and he came over and he was just fucking irate he was losing his shit and and if it wasn't the
olympics and it wasn't on abc if it was just a regular season game he would have been kicked out
but i'm like i can first of all i can't give him an unsportsmanlike penalty i can't certainly can't kick him out it's
team usulani and we're at the olympics i gotta eat a lot of shit here and so finland goes on to win
the game and in the village where the refs stayed um um the the bar at the hotel never shut down we
kept it open till five six in in the morning, every night.
And so about two in the morning, here comes team Finland,
Yarmou Kikolainen, Kimo Timonen, Timu Solane,
and they're all coming in and Timo sees me and Yarmou comes and sits beside me. And cause I'd known Yarmou when he was the assistant GM here in St.
Louis and Timo comes over and he gives me a big hug and I go, you are a fucking front runner.
I said, you were going to fucking kill me.
So we're on the flight home and his wife is apologizing to me.
She goes, I'm so sorry, Timmy.
But he just wanted to win that bad. And, and you have to respect that.
And I saw him on TV the other night for gets these last game. And,
and I'm like, this guy,
he's like red wine. He just gets better in old age. He looks,
he looks the same as he did 10 years ago.
Probably has a huge hammer. Just got it all.
Hey, when I grow up, I want to be team. We've Solani seriously.
Had you ever seen a referee in the restroom be so rattled by something,
a player done? Like you mentioned you had thick skin.
Was there anybody who took you off your game where you were really shook up?
Like you just mentioned that situation.
It seems like it was water off a duck's back,
but maybe you or another guy where it just like something,
a situation in general that happened.
Yeah. Nothing that, you know, I, I kind of, I wish I had had been, you know, I was in the league 23 years.
I wish I had been more like me the last 10, 12 years than the first part of my career.
First part of my career, I took myself too serious.
When I got called up, it's when we went to the two-man system, the four-man system, but the two-referee system.
system but the two referee system and I'm working with Don Koharski, Mick Magoo, Kerry Frazier, Bill McCreary, on and on Rob Schick like a lot of household names that were really good refs and
and I came in feeling that I had to make a name for myself and I was I came across and I
certainly understand it I came across too arrogant and too cocky.
And I remember Walken said to me 12, 13 years ago, he's like, dude, don't take yourself
so serious on the ice.
And when he said that, it kind of made the rest of my career better.
I got along better with the players and because that's the way I am off the ice.
You know, I was, I'm friends with the players.
Like that's my personality.
the ice you know I was I'm friends with the players like that's my personality but when I got on the ice early in my career I felt like I had to take myself a little too serious Tim I want
to get into like the last few years obviously refs have been under a huge microscope not just the NHL
all kinds of leagues I want to know is there a flaw in the system is it just because of the
high def TVs the slow-mo replay is there a there a real problem at ref or is this just a perception problem?
I think it's a perception problem.
You know, yes, listen, you lose in the last four or five years.
You lost Dave Jackson, Mike Lego, Dan O'Halloran.
Dan O'Halloran worked 11 Stanley Cup finals.
Brad Meyer just retired this year. Mark
showing that's retiring. You know, we've had a lot of turnover in the last three or four years.
And I think it's all cyclical. Um, because I know when I came in the league, I,
I had a shitload to learn. I wasn't that good. I thought I knew it all, but I didn't. And it just,
it's going to take these
guys time you've got you've got a lot you've had a lot of turnover but walk them like it's funny
Terry Gregson was a boss before Stephen Walken and under Gregson I had worked two or three
conference finals in a row and Stephen Walken took over and I went seven or eight years first
round and out and I didn't you know I could never figure it out you know I was banging on the door
for the finals and now I can't get out of the first round but even saying that and I've told
him this he was the best boss I ever had he he communicates really well he is constantly trying to to teach our guys through video and
supervision he's he does a great job and trust me it is not an easy job like he's getting phone
calls from gms every night um somebody's pissed off about a call late in the game and it's a
difficult job i would not want to have it.
Did he tell you like when you were one and done those years, did it,
would he explain, okay, this is why you're not getting.
No, you didn't go down like that.
You'd get an email and, and you weren't allowed to call.
And, and it was frustrating.
He's like, you had two bottles of red wine on your Southwest flight.
We got a note from a passenger.
So we're going to sit you out.
of red wine on your Southwest flight.
We got a note from a passenger. So we're going to sit you out this next.
Yeah.
You got dragged off the airplane in handcuffs by FBI agents.
You're not a ref in the second straight straight penalties against the
Tampa Bay Lightning.
There were a few games or a few flights that I needed.
I definitely needed the,
the wheelchair to help me get the baggage claim.
And then I wake up in the morning. I'm like, how did, seriously, the wheelchair to help me get the baggage claim. It says you need to take three days.
And then I wake up in the morning, I'm like, how did, seriously,
how did I get my bags, get an Uber or a taxi, get to the hotel,
check in and get to my room? I seriously don't remember a lot of it.
How did you decide to become a referee? Like, did you play hockey growing up?
Was it ever like a dream of yours to become a referee?
And no, no.
Let's hear the whole story.
Yeah.
So I grew up in New Brunswick on the East coast of Canada, up above Massachusetts and Maine and grew up in a small town, 1500 people.
I grew up in a trailer park, was, was left at an orphanage when I was a kid, got adopted.
Like I said, grew up in the trailer
park. And in the summertime, I was 13 years old. And, you know, there was this country club beside
us. And certainly I wasn't, we weren't the members. We lived on the wrong side of the highway for the
country club. And mom and dad one day said, why don't you go get a caddying job and make some
extra money? So I walked over and got a caddying job and eventually worked in the pro
shop and cleaning clubs and that. And then so fast forward,
the wintertime rolled around and now I was missing that,
having that money. And they're like,
why don't you ref the little kids to six, seven, eight year olds. And,
and cause I was 13, I was a Peewee and I was always a good skater,
but I was small and, and didn't have very good hands.
But I was a good skater. And so I started reffing just for extra money.
And then my late teens, senior hockey was really big in the Maritimes back then.
Senior hockey. I don't know if you guys remember the name Jerry Fleming.
He was a tough guy, played the montreal canadians eventually he played in the ahl first beat the shit out of link gates uh one night
in the ahl and yeah i was at the game and he pummeled link gates he fought him twice once in
cape breton then the next night or two nights later back in fredericton link was playing for uh
cape breton oilers and we all know the reputation link gate says and two nights later back in Fredericton, Link was playing for Cape Breton Oilers. And we all know the reputation Link Gates has.
And two nights later, Jerry Fleming was called up to Montreal.
So we had all these guys, Ivan Vautour played for New Jersey.
We had all these guys played senior hockey and senior hockey was fun back
then, like fucking bench clearing brawls every night.
There was this rink in my hometown called the lord beaverbrook rink
it held about a thousand people and on a friday or saturday night they would be throwing pint
bottles on the ice you couldn't see up in the stands because everyone was smoking cigarettes
that was just like i have like some of my best memories of refereeing are actually you know
obviously in the nhl but back in that those senior hockey days, those guys were men, boys.
They were tough and they were fucking kicking the shit out of each other and then going to work the next day.
And so that's kind of when it took off.
And then I worked for a bank in New Brunswick and the company that I worked for, CIBC, transferred me to Toronto.
worked for CIBC, transferred me to Toronto.
And then I got in the OHL and then they scout,
especially in back then when I was in the Maritimes,
they didn't have the Quebec league.
So they weren't scouting for referees down there.
So when I got in the OHL, John D'Amico, Brian Lewis,
all these ex-refs worked for the league and they would come out and watch my games, Dave Newell. And, and then that was how I got put on the map.
Tim, I want to get to the situation. I'm not situation.
When you and Greg Wyshynski,
the reporter had a shot and he put it on Twitter. What,
what did the NHL say to you?
What was the big beef that you actually sat down with, you know,
a reporter and had a drink with him? What was their complaint to you?
Well, I always wanted to ask Gary, cause I talked to, you knowary bettman several times after that i'd see him at training camp him and
i would always talk and and i always wanted to ask him gary because it was a tequila shot right
if it was a glass of red wine would have been as bad as a tequila shot you know and and but it was
the whole perception and and greg and i are friends now we text and so on and
and he was a reporter that just wrote articles about me every game and when I got picked for
the Olympics he wrote a big article about me and and it was just so it was always a Tim Peel thing
it wasn't any other refs and and I didn't profess to be the best ref in the league. I wasn't Andy Van Helleman or,
but we have 34 refs that we take every year to the league or to the
playoffs.
And I was always in the top 20 and I'd work the playoffs every year,
whether it be the first round, second round, third round, whatever.
So I was one of the guys that Coley and Steven could count on to,
to work the playoffs. but according to his reports I
was the worst ref in the league and I didn't understand it so he's doing this podcast with
Jeff Merrick and I know Jeff well and Jeff's like I gotta get you guys together you know you guys
gotta sit down and so we sat down and I never really got to the point where, why are you writing about me?
But we drank and we watched hockey one night at Foley's Foley's bar in
Manhattan. And we've all probably been there.
And, and the end of the night, we take a tequila shot.
The bartender takes a picture,
takes a tequila shot and he puts it on social media and it wasn't his fault.
Like I was, you know, I I I didn't tell him not to and
so the next morning you know I wake up in in Times Square at the hotel and
Walkham calls me and he's like we got a problem he goes and and we we weren't I wasn't on social
media then you know as a ref you're not allowed to be on social media.
And I'm sure our guys have fake accounts, but even back then,
cause that's going back 2015. I don't even think I had a fake account.
And so he sent it to me and I'm like, Oh fuck, this is not good.
You're like, Oh, I was just on a Southwest flight. What are you talking about?
So he's like, Stephen's really cool.
You know, he's an awesome boss and he really protects our guys.
He's like, you know what?
I think I can smooth this over.
I think I can smooth this over.
You know, I can all handle it.
40, 45 minutes later, he calls me up.
He goes, you got to call Coley, Coley Campbell, right?
He goes, you got to call Coley. So I call Coley up
and Coley's like, you can't worry about what there's these reporters say. Coley was awesome
during the whole time. And he goes, you can't worry about what there's these reporters say.
People write shit about me all the time because of Gregory. And so then about 20 minutes later,
walk and calls, he goes, you've been suspended for a game.
You've been taken off the game in Jersey tonight. And I was like, no,
please don't do it, please. Like, and he's like,
we got to protect the shield.
And now I look back at the time because it killed me because it was
embarrassing to me and my family and, and it, it really hurt.
But I understand now I was telling a story on the golf course the
other day someone asked me about it and i said say i go out that night and i miss a couple calls
or i call a couple penalties that aren't very good or whatever all the reporters are going to
write is he's fucking hung over he was out drinking all night so they did the right thing
as much as it hurt at the time it was the right thing to do but it it stung you know i think they
fined me 10 grand and suspended me oh my god are you fucking kidding me 10 hey i know you said you
guys are buddies but what the hell is he throwing that on the internet for like let's be honest you
didn't tell him not to but come on after ripping you he cost you 10k did he throwing that on the internet for? Like, let's be honest. You didn't tell him not to, but come on.
After ripping you, he cost you 10K.
Did he help you with the fine or no?
I don't know.
Listen, I don't, you know what?
That's an absolute shriveling by him.
Oh, yeah.
He fucked you every which way.
Hey, Peeler, you got a better story involving alcohol
in Nashville with the Arizona Coyotes. Oh, myeler, you got a better story involving alcohol in Nashville
with the Arizona Coyotes.
Oh, my God.
You were on that trip.
Hey?
I don't think anybody who's listening would know that story
other than the people who were in that bar in Nashville.
Nobody is going to know this story.
Nobody in hockey knows this story.
We kept it hush-hush.
This is my fourth year in the league.
We're in
nashville for our rookie party and then peeler take it away two thought what year would that
have been cat probably 2000 2013 maybe 2000 okay yeah 2013 so i think it was 2012 2013 we're in the preseason and um raffi uh hits um
raffi hits a player from anaheim blindside blindsides him gets suspended for 40 games
and i call the penalty i call a match penalty for illegal hit to the head. This is preseason.
He gets suspended 40 games, and he comes back.
We're now at the  we're doing  I'm refereeing San Jose in Nashville.
After the game, we go out drinking at the stage.
We don't even know Arizona's in town. Arizona is there two days early to have the your rookie dinner right and so at the stage you know how they have
that landing at the very top and we walk in and we're drinking and scott mellenby's the assistant
gm of of uh montreal and Mel and I are good buddies.
So he meets us for a drink and I'm there with Dean Morton,
Dave Breeze, blah, and the other linesman.
And we're drinking and we're drinking.
And all of a sudden I feel this fucking like water,
like liquid keeps hitting me on the,
in the face and the head and I'm looking around. I I'm like, who's throwing water or booze at me.
So finally I look upstairs and I see Rafi and he's laughing his head off.
And I snap and Mel goes right to donor. Cause Mel, you know,
knows donor. Well,
he goes right to donor and I go up the stairs and they're trying to stop me and
i'm like fuck you guys and i go right over now players are getting between raffy and i and i go
what the fuck are you doing he goes but i'm not doing anything i go you're fucking throwing beer
on us on the referees down below he goes fuck you peels they go fuck you raffi and we're just everyone's fucking oh yeah and it's like it's it's a shit show so i come back downstairs i've cooled off and i go to the crew
i go you guys can stay but nothing good is going to come out of this and i hop in a cab and i go
back to the hotel so the next morning being the senior guy on the crew i go breakfast 8 a.m we got to discuss this because Terry Gregson was the boss
at the time I go we need to discuss this and figure out where we're going to go on this because
we need to get ahead of this like we can't have him find out about it without us telling him
because he's going to think we're drunk at the bar and it's all our fault and so we're talking about it and they're finally they
go dean morton goes peelsy i think you should phone terry and tell him i'm like oh fuck i gotta
i gotta call him and tell him right so i phone terry and terry's a great guy but the first thing
he says is what were you doing at the bar i'm like well we were having a few beers after the game like
it wasn't it wasn't three in the morning it was 11 o'clock at night so the league gets involved and is it don maloney or dave maloney don don don don was it was the gm
of arizona at phoenix at the time and he calls me up and he's like awesome he's like, awesome. He's like, so apologetic. He's like, Timmy, I'm sorry.
And he even said, he goes, Rafi, you know, he's had his problems with alcohol and he's
been off and on and he just kind of fell off the wagon.
And I said, hey, trust me, I've been there.
Don't worry about it.
And he goes, do you want me to suspend him for a couple of games?
I go, no.
I go, fuck.
I go, trust me, I've done a lot of fucking stupid things at a couple games i go i go no i go fuck i go trust me i've done a
lot of fucking stupid things at a bar i go not a chance i don't want you to suspend him and and
but he made raffy call me and apologize and of course i was like raff it's no big deal like
at the time it was but the next day we laughed about it and you know he probably hates me but
you're like i'm still gonna fuck you over on calls but don't worry better than a two-handed of the teeth i guess yeah but man
you talk about guys like when he blew up hosa that year in chicago like there aren't a lot of
guys in this league matt cook was one of them dallas drake back in the day catching guys in
the neutral zone raffy like it there's an art
to that and he you know what whether you like him or not he was good at it and he could blow guys up
Tim I suppose we gotta get to the portion of the program that's probably not comfortable for you
the hot mic in Detroit the Nashville situation um you know you what happened
you know I a lot of people think you were just doing your job, doing your job, doing what you were taught and felt you were a scapegoat.
We want your perspective on it.
Obviously, you didn't know you were on a hot mic, but were you just doing what you were taught or the system you were brought into?
Is that all you were kind of abiding by and you happen to be on a hot mic?
No. So first of all, and I appreciate you asking the question and and the way you phrased it but
it's not uncomfortable for me anymore anymore and and before i get into the story
when they told me i wasn't working again well i'll get into that in a second so that night
that afternoon just to give the the listeners a little bit of
history on it uh pete rogers is the longtime equipment manager for the national predators
i was with pete back in rochester and american league days and as wit witter and biz know these
equipment managers they don't make they get paid decent now but they don't get paid
what refs get paid or what players get paid and they do a lot of shit for the players and the
rest and so Pete and I had formed this friendship over the years so that afternoon I actually went
out to the wine store bought him a nice bottle of Caymus wine before the game. I walked down, I give it to Pete in the, in his office.
And Todd Richards is there the assistant coach and I've known Richie for
years. And, you know,
I got a chew on my mouth and a coffee and we sit down the three of us and
we're just shooting the shit about hockey and kids and horseback riding and
just nothing to do with the game just life and and
I'm like Pete I'm probably not going to see you again this is one of my last games I don't think
I'm going to see Nashville anymore and I just wanted to thank you for everything you've done
for me in my career and so I leave the room now think about that like I left the room and I go
I'm I'm going to go out and fuck Nashville tonight. Like that's it's stupid. It's fascinating. And first of all, any good ref in the league doesn't last as long, you know, not just as me, but as you know, guys that had long careers, if you're out there to get certain guys, you just don't last.
just don't last and so we go out and do the game and there was one penalty at that point against Detroit and Arvidson I thought he kicked the feet out from the Detroit player and he as I'm going
to the box I see the replay and he didn't he didn't kick his feet out he really I think he hip checked him so I was embarrassed by the call because I had always you know what we make a lot of shitty
calls over our career and but the good ones take a lot of pride in in the calls that you do get
wrong and and so I go over to the penalty box and I go to Kelly Sutherland who to me him and Wes McCauley are
the two best refs in the NHL right now and Kelly and I had been friends back when we were you know
coming up way before we were coming up in the NHL and Kelly turned out to be one of the best
so I came over and it was more me and my pride going, yeah,
it wasn't much sudsy, but I wanted to get a penalty against,
because I, because Nashville was really good and Detroit was really bad.
And I figured, you know, I think it was one, nothing there,
two, nothing at the time.
I figured Nashville was going to win the game. And I'm like, I'm thinking,
you know what? It was a a it was a bad call but I wanted to get one early against
Nashville in case we didn't have an opportunity to get a penalty against them the rest of the game
and it was I was embarrassed by the call and my verbiage just came out wrong and
so the game ends and we go to the nobody says anything the Nashville wins the game ends and we go to the, nobody says anything. The national wins the game and we sit down in our, in our,
in the national locker room and my phone's vibrating and I look and it's
welcome. And I show the phone to Sudsy and I go, I go, what?
He never calls that quick after a game. And so initially I thought,
did we,
was there a goal scored tonight that hockey ops didn't pick
up on did it cross the line did we miss something and he goes we got a big problem and I go I go
what's that he goes you're caught on a microphone saying you want to get a fucking penalty against national and i go fuck me he goes i'll send it to
you so i hang up and sudsy and the two linesmen are looking at me and they go what's going on i
go and i swear to god you know i'm i'm an open book i go i may get fired tonight and they go
they go what they couldn't believe it and i go i may get fired tonight and And they go, they go, what? They couldn't believe it. And I go, I may get fired tonight.
And you got to keep in mind, this is March 23rd.
My last game is, is April 24th in St. Louis.
And the blues had already done tickets up Tim Peel's final game at 160
people coming. We were having, it was a two o'clock start,
which was perfect because we were going to get good and shit faced after the
game. I had a, we, we, and we still had the party at my golf club um but it was perfect two o'clock start
and and so we go back to hotel room i'm on the phone with steve and i'm on the phone with west
because west is the president of our association and west is like you're not getting fired it's you know we're we're gonna work on it
blah blah so I don't even phone my wife and because I know she's in bed she doesn't stop
watching hockey so I get up in the morning and they've already told me you're not going on to dallas book a flight home so i book a flight home
um i'm at the airport in nashville and my flight's at 8 15 phone rings at 7 30 and it's welcome
and he goes hey where are you i said i'm at the airport he goes uh i hate to tell you this but
you've worked your last game in the national hockeyockey League. So I go, so this is, it's not funny.
I got a month left, like fuck.
So it's not funny, but just to know, so you guys know where my mindset was.
When I got suspended for the game, I said, don't do it.
Please, I can work tonight.
Please don't take me off the game.
I was groveling to them to not do what they did.
When Wacom, and you can ask him this it's honest to god story he goes you've worked your last game in the national hockey league I go okay thanks I gotta let you go I gotta get on a flight
and that's the only thing I said because I knew the decision was made I knew it was done
so I get on the flight and I don't know that the league's going to release a statement.
So while I'm in the air, my wife is now getting all these text messages from everybody going, I'm so sorry.
I feel bad.
And she's like, what the fuck are you guys even talking about?
She doesn't even know.
So I land and of course I call her and she's crying and it's a shit show.
So, but it's funny because as I'm driving home from the airport and I was doing really
good, like, because I didn't feel at all like I did when I got suspended for doing the tequila
shot.
When I got suspended for doing the tequila shot and you guys, I'm sure have all fucked
up in your life and you get that pit in your stomach that you just can't get rid of for a couple days.
And it just will not leave you.
I had that pit in my stomach from the tequila shot.
But I didn't have a pit in my stomach because I knew what I said I didn't mean.
And I knew much worse has been said on the ice than what I said.
But in the world we're living in now and cancel culture and
so on boom you're you're done so i'm driving home and i get this this call from a columbus number
and it's david clarkson and i don't know if if you guys ever played with david he played in toronto
columbus jersey and one other team and i saw him in vegas he looks like he's 23 years old right now
and he hated fucking referees hated them and him and i got more fuck you contests on the ice like
he literally hated refs so i answered the phone because it just it was a columbus number and i go
hello and he goes hey tim it's david clark number and I go, hello. And he goes, Hey Tim, it's David Clarkson.
And for a split second, I thought he was going to say,
it looks fucking good on you. I never liked you. I did. So,
so I go, Hey David, how you doing? He goes, good. I'm retired now.
Well, I'm, you know, I'm retired, but I'm living in Denver now.
I was skating with some ex players today. And I just want you to know, we,
we were just talking in the dressing room.
We think what, what the league has done to you is a travesty. And,
and he says, I want, want to tell you something. He goes,
I know I was difficult the referee, but he said,
they'd always have the names of the officials written in the dressing room
before the game. And, and he goes, whenever I saw your name,
I knew the game was going to be ref fair.
And I had one of the best referees for the game that night.
And he goes, I just wanted you to know that.
And boys, it almost made me cry because it meant so much to me.
And I was pretty emotional at that point.
But it almost because it's easy for your friends to call you and say, oh, I'm sorry.
And blah, blah, blah.
You're great.
Whatever.
But for a guy that I didn't even think ever liked me
to reach out to Marty Berdour to get my number and to call me,
it meant a lot to me.
It meant a lot as far as how I was thought of in the league.
And then the phone calls from Brian Burke and Lou Lamorello
and Daryl Sutter and Dallas Eakins and and on and on of players and
current players and ex-players and coaches and GMs and presidents of clubs that were calling me and
going is this a fucking joke so it was a rough day but I never I didn't feel sorry for myself and
and the only time because social media as you as you guys know, toxic, they was fucking,
it was unbelievable. Like what are they? They talked about it.
You're dead. Yeah.
You would have thought that I seriously killed somebody in a DUI.
I got charged with domestic abuse or I used a racial slur,
like some things that you may never recover from.
I just said the wrong
thing. And, but it was on Fox. It was on CNN. It was on people magazine. It was on the golf channel.
My buddy calls me, he goes, you were just in the golf channel. Like they never talk about hockey
on the golf channel. And I'm not bragging about that, but I'm just saying how big of a story that it became. It, it, it just, it was, it just kept building and building.
So I fly home and I get home and Tisha, my wife,
she's with her or a biz she's 11 years younger than me. No big deal.
You know, she was, she, she was 29.
I was 40 when I was chasing her in St. Louis.
So she's crying, she's upset and then so i'm talking
to chaser and obviously a bunch of the blues alumni that morning and so then 1 30 in the
afternoon chaser calls me goes i got some bad news to tell you i said you got some fucking bad news
to tell me i said have you seen the day that i'm having he goes bobby plager just got killed in a
car accident i'm like fuck oh is that day oh it was that day so social media social media was going
crazy in st louis and then all of a sudden bobby passed away and chaser later i talked to him a
couple hours later and he goes because bobby was the best you know he's just a tremendous guy and
he loved my kids and and he chaser goes bobby loved you so much he thought he'd take the heat off you
today so so my kids come home from school and i get down on one knee and i'm talking to them
because you know they're nine and seven they're not big and and i go uh i go i, I've got something to tell you. I go, and I start crying.
I go, your dad's not reffing in the NHL anymore.
And it still chokes me up because that's honestly, like to this day,
that's the only thing that bothers me is Bronson and Brielle really wanted
to see their dad work a
final game. And, and, you know,
I've seen some guys retire over the last few weeks and the players are hugging
them. And I've seen pictures of the kids in their dressing room.
And for me not to get that, and I'm the one that did it.
Nobody else did it. I'm the one that did it. And,
but for me not to be able to experience that and share that with them so I start crying and I then I tell the kids that
Bobby had passed away so it was rough but you know what um Joel Quenville called me
Rowan it called me everyone was calling me and they're like Peelsey you're gonna be fine you're
gonna be fine one thing joel did say
and roenick said the exact same thing that's why i brought them both up at the same time is
they go you know what's funny they go you were well known before but like it or not you're really
well known now and and hopefully you can maybe monetize off of this come, you know, in a, in a while. So I'm driving my, just to finish it up,
I'm driving my daughter out to horseback riding that afternoon after she gets
finished school and we're driving up, driving out.
She's seven at the time, my little peanut Brielle,
and we're driving out and she's in the back seat and she goes, dad,
I can ask a favor. I said, yeah, baby girl, what do you need? She goes,
can you tell people that you weren't fired by the NHL? I'm like,
like take the fucking knife out of my heart. Right? Like, I'm like,
that's the only thing that bothers me. And, and like,
like I said earlier, I grew up and I was adopted.
I grew up in a trailer park. Then my adopted mom died of cancer at age 50.
Like my whole life has been about resiliency and perseverance and getting
kicked in the teeth and so on. And, and, and then, you know,
a couple of weeks after that Tisha goes to me, she goes, you don't,
you're like, you're doing really good. Like you're not upset. And I go, babe,
I go, first of all, you know, my history, my background, I go,
but I've got an example of set for Bronson and Brielle that are seven and nine. I go, I go, you're going to get kicked in the nuts a lot in your life.
And basically it's how you come out on the other side of it.
And we had a house party.
We had people over at our house a couple of weeks after my incident.
And I could tell everybody was a little, they didn't know what to say so finally
I said hey I'm fine everything's good don't worry about me and this one guy Andy Kaiser and it it
always chokes me up when I tell this but he looked at me and he said it in front of everybody
he goes Pillsy you're you're not our friend because not our friend because you were an NHL ref.
You could have been a fucking garbage man.
You're our friend because of who you are as a person.
And so at the end of the day, it's, you know what?
Nobody cares.
It's done with.
And it's about how I live the rest of my life.
And I'm not going to let a two-second audio
clip define who I am or or or bring down my entire career I guess I got a follow-up Tim is
I feel like they you know personally they sort of made you a scapegoat because you can't be the
first guy to out of those words on the ice and they happen to get picked up on a mic that was
left on I mean other guys have must have said that did you feel like they were sort of making you a scapegoat for
some shitty officiating and, okay,
here's an excuse so we can get rid of him?
I mean, it just seems like you paid the price
much higher than you
deserved that you even should have gotten.
I think a lot of it
was
just prior to that, they had
just brought on some
gambling partners, Valley ballet sports you know fox
box sports is now ballet sports yes um i think it i know a big part of it was hey to our gambling
partners our referees do not referee like this because they and i think a big i think if it had
to happen 10 years prior i would have got a slap in the wrist, maybe suspended a couple of weeks.
Who knows? But I think it was the it was the perfect storm.
Pills, he's retiring in four weeks. We signed on the gambling partners.
We're just going to boom. We're going to set them aside and move on.
So I talked to Bill Daly three or four times on the phone since this has happened. And, and I'm not bullshitting when I say this,
it's a complete truth.
Everything I have is because of the national hockey league, you know,
Gary and Bill were phenomenal to me during my career through my ups and
downs and, and so on. And I would be,
I said this the other day to some friends of mine.
I go, it's weird.
A lot of guys in our business leave the business bitter,
and they're bitter they didn't get one more final.
They're bitter they didn't work the playoffs the last couple years.
For whatever reason, they leave the scheme bitter.
Same as players.
Yeah, same as players.
A lot of players are like that and
winner i said i will never ever leave this game bitter that sucks to live your life like that
and and everything i have is they're not the ones that said the stupid comment i'm the ones that
said that said the stupid comment it's not their fault that I said it. Do I wish it was handled differently? Yeah, of course I do.
I would have loved to have finished and, and so on. But at the end of the day,
I'm, you know, we need more accountability in our life. People,
everyone wants to blame everybody else for everything. And no,
I was the one that said it. I made a mistake. But you learn from it.
So.
To bring it to a more positive note,
you did get to ref in a thousand games.
And I think that happened in 2015 for referees.
Do they get you guys like a silver whistle?
What's the,
what's the,
for a referee referring his thousandth game?
No,
the,
the league gives us,
they give you what they give us.
I think it's for a thousand games.
They give us a ring,
but yeah, it is a ring. it is a ring because i remember another walt story i was so proud when i had this ring
and i'm wearing it one day and it and walt he called me out he goes seriously are you wearing
your fucking high school ring he goes that thing is so small it looks like a high school ring
and i was like i looked at him like yeah it does look like a high school ring he goes that thing is so small it looks like a high school ring and i was like i
looked at him like yeah it does look like a high school it was embarrassing and all right now we're
not gonna get walt on again you fucking asshole what's up walt's not a baby he'll come back
so no that you know what they do a great job you bring my wife and kids came on the ice
you know my kids were young at the time we're holding them up and it's a whole nice thing and
i was looking forward to that for my final game too with all the friends and family and you know
walt was going to be there and he came to my party anyway and doug armstrong came and al mcginnis
and you know a lot of, you know, nobody.
It's funny because at the end of the day, nobody really gave a shit because nobody emailed us or sent us a message and said, you know what?
You kind of got caught in a scandal.
We can't come to your party anymore.
Everybody showed up for the party because, you know, shit happens.
Another one, too, is I read this on the Internet.
Did you actually ref in G and gordy how's last game
i did that's that's funny that uh oh it's downstairs in the basement i've got this
picture of gordy how and it's uh he was playing for the detroitipers. And do you remember that he wanted to play?
And I'm trying to find the picture here, but he was, he, they,
they wanted him to play.
It was a publicity stunt and they wanted him to play five decades of
hockey.
And so he was playing for the Vipers.
And as we're coming out, I was in, I was in the IHL.
I wasn't under contract yet with the NHL and we're,
we're walking off the ice and one of his handlers, she had a, you know,
one of those Polaroid cameras,
those are the disposable ones. And I said,
could you take a picture of Mr. Howe and I,
so I put my arm around him and it's a picture of him and his Viper jersey. And
somehow we connected and she got me the picture. And yeah, it's an awesome photo downstairs,
but it sucks because I should have reached out back then to get it autographed. And I waited
too late and I reached out to Mark Howe and Mark's like, Pillsy, he's so sick right now. He goes,
I can't, I said, I said no I said I totally understand
so but it's still a great photo to have that's unreal um what about some other stories that like
pop out in your head of your time in the NHL about you know that you can share at least because I'm
sure there's some that you've that happened behind the scenes you got to keep a little bit tight
lip but any ones that are popping out that you want to share?
You know what I remember, you know, I, I love the game.
I love the game in the early two thousands when, you know, I heard somebody say today on the NHL network,
how nobody hits anymore. And until the playoffs,
nobody hits until the playoffs and and i do see
that a lot you know we need more physicality in our game but i remember it was when lindros got
traded to toronto or he left philly for toronto and it was his first game back in Philly and we get there and it was Toronto and
Philly and we walk you know we we go down the tunnel there in Philly and all the fans are up
top and they've all got their Lindros jerseys on with a with with an X through his number like
he was he was despised you know they were just he was the villain and I'm working with Don Van Massenhoven and
and uh we're sitting there before the game and you know you think about these players boys
uh Darcy Tucker, Shane Corson, Ty Domi you know then on Philly you had the Legion of Doom
and like that was tough hockey back then and we're sitting there and all of a
sudden because we're watching the pregame warm-up on the tv and we look up and and you see they're
all at center ice and and i forget who fought but there's two or three fights going on they're all
and we're in the dressing room going this is going to be fucking awesome to me like as a ref as a ref yeah as a ref you get pumped up for it you like i remember uh and and what are uh
your buddy chris rooney you live in the same neighborhood yeah uh do you still is your house
still that yellow house yeah yeah it's a beautiful house so i drove right there a couple years ago
and uh that's the high high-end rent
district of massachusetts where winter and rooney live okay so i ain't renting this fucking thing
out if i'm renting this thing out things went sideways hey hey hey he's pissed at wit because
wit was chirping him about a bad call earlier this year oh no i was doing what what was i what
call was that i didn't even know it was him. I was all over the world.
He's sensitive, though.
He's sensitive.
He gets shit on his doorstep.
He gives me shit.
You know what?
He pulled up to me and I and he goes, oh, I'm fucking spitting
chicklets.
And he was on speakerphone with Wes.
I go, what's up, Wes?
So.
So, yeah, we were doing a game.
Rooms and I were doing a game.
It was a few years ago and him and I were going on a good run.
And it was the last game seven, actually,
ever that Philly and the Rangers have ever had.
And we're in the dressing room an hour and a half before the game.
And this is why I'm so excited to watch.
I want to watch the Blues tonight against Colorado.
I want to watch Dallas against Vegas.
I can't believe Vegas is probably going to miss the playoffs so it's unbelievable and uh um so we're doing game seven at madison square garden now think about this like maybe
it wasn't as big a deal well it was a big deal for chris he came from southie and
then i came from a small town in new brunswick and and now I'm working game seven at Madison
Square Gardens the most famous building one of the most famous buildings in the world and it's
Rangers Philly and an hour and a half before the game they are chanting let's go Rangers like it
we're sitting in the room like you just like I didn't have to take a Red Bull to get ready for
this game it's like we came out of the fucking tunnel and we're like, let's go.
And we kind of, I don't know.
I forget if rooms and I moved on or not,
because I don't know if we called the standard that night because we called
one penalty and it was against Zach Rinaldo for interference.
He blew somebody up that didn't have the puck. And I love Zach.
And yeah. And we called one penalty the whole game.
We just let him play back and forth, back and forth.
And it's schemes like that that I remember.
Tim, you also scored a goal inadvertently.
Oh, geez.
You got to bring that up.
More than me in my career.
That's an unbelievable story. Like, you know know I'm working the game I think it was December
13th or 19th it was in the blues were struggling I think it was in early January it's when Sanford
and Bortuzzo fought and then they obviously went to Philly and went to that bar and play Gloria
and but it was I think it was December 19th.
It was a few days before Christmas.
And Bortuzzo's shooting the puck in.
And usually, as a defenseman, usually shoot it around the wall
or he shoot it at the net.
And he just shot it at the back boards.
And I saw it coming to me, coming towards me.
And I knew it wasn't that hard.
And I knew it was at waist level.
I couldn't jump
and I couldn't duck so I just kind of let it hit me and picture this it hit me in the left hip and
the net is over here on to the right of me and it was like the JFK shooting like everyone's trying
to solve it because it hits me on the left hip and literally goes all the ways across the goal line
and goes in on Luongo so So I kind of fall back.
I hit my head on the boards, but not that hard,
but I had to milk it a little bit.
And Ray Barilli, the trainer for St. Louis, comes out,
and he goes, first, I'm on all fours,
and I hear the horn go off that the Blues have scored.
And the linesman comes over ryan galloway goes
he goes are you okay i go yeah i am but did that fucking puck go in the net i'm watching it right
now yeah and i'm like i'm down on all fours like when i took off flurry it's amazing same corner
i'm down on all fours. I go, did that fucking puck
just go in the net? He goes, yeah, it did.
I go, fuck me.
So
Ray comes out. He goes, you okay? I said,
yeah, I think I
need to leave the ice for a few minutes.
I had to gain my composure.
I'm like, what the fuck just happened here?
So I go in and I almost
failed the concussion protocol test because I'm an idiot.
I couldn't remember the question.
I couldn't remember what I answered back at training camp.
So I come back on the ice and the whole Enterprise Center in St. Louis, they're all standing, giving me a standing ovation.
And Panger's on doing the play by play going Tim Beals back in
the play and I came on as the play was going on like I was doing a line change and so we get a
whistle and I go down a little long go and and Robert as you guys know like there aren't any
better than Roberto Luongo he's just the best and he goes Peelsy are you okay i go lou i am and you know what for the rest of my career i'm going
to be able to say i scored on roberto loango and i said it just like that right so after the game
the the off ice officials come in and you can't read it but there's the puck
and st louis blues and they put around it a piece of tape going first goal of his career
game number whatever so so anyway so i get home that night and tisha's like you know because
we had the we had the uh wischinski thing and i've had other things in my career and
you know i kind of always seem to be in the
the mix in the media yeah and she goes you're unbelievable she goes you're the first ref to
score a goal she goes you scored in your hometown of St. Louis for the Blues and so I'm sitting
there and I'm I'm pounding the wine pretty good at this point because I need to get a little buzz on to kind of decompress.
And Gretz texts me.
And I can't remember what Holly's stats are, Biz, but we'll say it's 750 goals.
It's seven something.
And Gretz texts me and he goes,
Pillsy, you only need 749 now to catch
Holly
and then
you get presented with another ring at the end
of the season that was the
it was not the fight in practice
that did it you
that's what I always tell
Bortuzzo exactly I said that's what
changed the season around so now
my phone is just
like going crazy. It's like blowing up, blowing up, blowing up. So Brad Kovacek, the linesman,
he loves the Today Show and he loves Savannah Guthrie. And so he calls me in the morning,
he goes, you have to turn on the Today Show right now. I go, why? He goes, they just talked about
Trump and Putin. And then they said, when we come back from commercial,
we're going to talk about a goal that was scored in St.
Louis last night.
He goes, it's on the Today Show.
Holy shit.
It was unbelievable.
So you've hit every single.
You're like Forrest Gump, dude.
Time person of the year for fucking having a tequila shot in a bar with Wyshynski.
Oh, my God.
Did they actually allow the goal?
Because there's a sports that you know, they didn't.
No, they didn't allow the goal.
So they screwed you out of a goal.
Really?
No, I can't go in directly off me.
If it had to hit me and then a Florida defenseman had gone in,
then it counts.
But if it goes off me and then directly.
So what happens if
you're standing next to the net
and a goalie makes a save
and the rebound goes off you and back
into the net? No goal.
Wow, that's a little interesting.
Can't go in off a referee.
I guess it makes sense.
The last person that it can touch
has to be a player.
If it could go off my skate towards the goal and
then off another player skating in the net that would count but it can't go off of me directly
into the net the reps and linesmen have like a friendly rivalry or is it just like a team concept
all the time um no it's it's definitely a team concept but it always bugs them that we get paid more than
than they do yeah you know um you know i always tell young kids coming up i go hey you want to
be a referee okay like you don't want to be a linesman but our guys are getting paid very well
right now but no we are we're a team and you know before seattle came in i i would always say hey
we're the 32nd team out here and there's some ex-players
that that uh have become referees and they're surprised by the closeness and the camaraderie
that our guys have and like I said you know I'm still on this on this text thread um sorry I got
braces put in behind my teeth a couple days ago and i'm fucking lisping all the
time i feel like i feel like uh join the club man i can't talk regularly so don't worry about it but
but uh but no we're still on this you know i'm still on a text read with a bunch of guys and
you know derrick amell he was one of the best linesman
widder he lived in pittsburgh when you were there, a big Derek and his career
got ended. He had to have his finger cut off two years ago. And he's, he, you know, I've known him
since the OHL, since Oshawa, we came up together and I trust him so much over my family that he's
in charge of my estate if anything ever happens to my wife and I you
know so that's how much that's how much you know we love each other and care for each other um I
was just going to ask was there any game in particular that sticks out the most aside from
some of the ones we've talked about I know your first one was against uh in 99 again Colorado
versus Ottawa are there any like specific games that you can really remember
that are ingrained in your memory about why they're so special?
I think, and I think Witter was playing, actually.
It was the first, when you get picked for the playoffs,
you're obviously excited and humbled
because they only take the top 20 out of the 34 and you work game one, two, three, four,
five, and then the top guys start to work game six, game seven.
And the first game.
So we were in our old house and, and we had our,
we had laptops back then instead of the iPads now,
and you had to dial in and get your assignments and so on.
And Dan O'Halloran texts me and he's like,
have you checked your computer? And I go, I go, no.
And this is how much, and I, and I, I want people to understand,
like when we fuck up a call,
we just don't go back to the hotel, get drunk, and go,
fuck it, it doesn't matter.
Like, we care.
Like, it's our pride. Like, we care for the game.
We care for, you know, both teams.
We don't want to be the deciding factor.
Like, it bothered me when I would mess up a call.
Like, I remember I called a bad call against Boone Jenner once,
and they killed off the penalty.
And I came over to the bench, and I got another good Columbus story
with Torts and Foligno.
I come over to the bench, and I go, where's Boone?
And Torts goes, he's right there.
He's right in front of Torts.
And I go, fuck.
I go, I'm sorry'm sorry man i go i
thought you held him and i go i'm really glad you killed it off and as soon as you do that
what are they gonna say they're not gonna say you're an idiot you're a bad ref they go
right away cam atkinson all of them they're like i don't worry about it peelsy right because because
you're humanizing yourself and going man i'm glad you killed off that penalty and i remember a few um months before that i called a penalty against nick felino in montreal
and nick on the way to the box is going you don't fucking respect me you don't respect me
and it bothered me a lot because i respected Nick a lot because when I was in the American
Hockey League Mike Foligno his dad was the head coach in Hershey and Mike was awesome to me we'd
make mistakes we both make mistakes he's like we're here together learning so I always had a
soft spot for Marcus and Nick when I came up to the NHL and so it me. So I finally get back to Columbus a few weeks later.
I go down to the dressing room.
I go to the guys that I'm working with.
I said, I'll be back.
And I don't tell them what I'm doing.
I go down to the dressing room.
I knock on Torts' door.
Shazi opens it up, Bradshaw.
And I said, can you get Nick and bring him in?
And Torts, or Shazi goes to get him and he comes in.
And I said, listen, what you said to me the other night about me not respecting you
couldn't be further from the truth.
You're the leader of this team.
You're, you're, you're, you're, I love you.
Like, I love how you play the game.
You play it the right way.
You know, my history with your dad.
I go, I respect you so much. And for you to say that you couldn't be further from respect you so much and for you to say that i you couldn't
be further from the truth and i want you to know that and he gives me a big hug and he leaves and
goes to get dressed and ready for the game and torts goes we fucking need more of that we need
more of that you know that's awesome like we need that we need the players in the in the in the and
the rest to realize we care for each other like we're not
out there to fuck the players we're out there to make it fair we're making we're out there to make
it safe and sometimes they're not going to disagree or agree with our calls that we make but we're not
doing it to shove it up their ass we're we're doing it because at the time we think it's the
right thing to do so anyway i i think this is great because i think a lot of a lot of the
listeners are going to realize like how much refs care and maybe lay off them especially on social
media and have a newfound respect for for what you guys do uh whit i don't know if you guys are
okay with me asking and on a bad biz i know we've been going long but maybe talk about a few of the other processes in order to maybe like get to
the NHL,
what you guys are doing in the off seasons in order to prepare and,
and, and, and the process it takes to actually get to the NHL for referee.
Yeah. So no, that's a good question, Biz.
So they have this combine now and in, in Buffalo in August,
and they've really been trying to attract ex-players into the game,
guys that have played in the American League. Corey Servette's a ref. There's a bunch of new
guys that have come on that played in the American League, played in the East Coast League, played D1,
and it's a great way for them to stay involved in the game but the reason that the that walk-in is
is approached it this way is the game like let's be honest my last year i was 54 years old i was
50 i was 55 years old in april and conor mcdave is coming down the wing and I'm feeling like I'm a fucking turnstile at the
New York subway like he's just whizzing by me right they're so quick right now and I use this
analogy the other day and I know Witter and Biz will can relate to this I said the only difference
between fourth line players right now and first line players is skill set it's not skating Jonathan DeVaris is not the
best skater in the NHL I guarantee you there are players on the fourth line that are better skaters
than him but the reason that he's a first line or second line player is because of his skill set
so the NHL has to hire guys that are athletes that can skate and keep up with these guys because if not it'll become
too quick for them so walkum's done a good job and trust me the the last couple years that i was
on staff and they were hiring guys and they'd get undressed in the dressing room and i'd be looking
at them going like seriously like you look like an abercrombie and finch model like seriously like
you guys are just ripped like they're all ripped and and you know you you
guys watch hockey compared to baseball you know baseball these guys have big drums on them and
and and i get it they don't have to move that much and so on but our referees are athletes
and now the job of walk them and hockey ops is is to teach them how to referee and how to referee at the national hockey
league.
Another one that Grinnelli you brought up before we got on,
you said that right now there's a shortage of referees,
maybe because of the verbal attacks are taking,
especially at the minor hockey league levels. Like what's your,
what your comments on that? Like,
I don't know if you tweet your comments sometimes in relation to some of these incidents
that end up popping online.
Yeah, no, that's a great point that Mike brought up because I tweeted it out a month or so
ago.
There's this association in Ottawa and they're, they're making the referees wear green armbands
if you're between 14 and 18 years old.
And they're basically telling the parents quit fucking yelling at the rest.
These kids are 15, 16, 14 years old.
And I know it's tough.
Like Jamal Mayers and I, we,
at our first tournament in September at Grand Rapids we were away with our
team and him and I were both yelling at the rest.
And afterwards I said, we can't do that. I said, we can't do that.
A, we need to set an example for our kids. And I said, B,
I run a ref school in September and not June here in St. Louis,
because I'm trying to improve the officiating in St. Louis. And, and it's,
this is a third one that, that we've,
we've had this coming up and we're trying to improve the officiating.
But it is a problem, Biz, because in Massachusetts, Wiz,
I read an article that this season they were 8,000 referees short
from the previous year because of COVID a lot of them quit but a
lot of kids are like fuck this i don't need to get yelled at by parents and i and we've spoken to our
parents and said you do not yell at the refs let us handle it but it is the biggest problem in minor
hockey in canada and in the u.s is the parents and the coaches yelling at the
refs.
And it's actually disgusting because I see the way some of these parents and
coaches yell. And I'm like, really? Like,
would you talk to your own kid that way? It's tear and,
and what example are you setting for your kid? A terrible example.
Yeah. It's been absolutely brutal here. It's him.
They've laid off a bunch of kids don't want to do it, but I actually,
I wanted to bring up the recruiting of,es I've talked to guys they said that
there might be a flaw in the recruiting process are they bringing in the next best guys who should
be doing it I've heard it might be political in nature that they're bringing along guys who
because they know somebody not so much of the qualifications can you speak to that or is there
no I would say that I would I should yeah i i would say that's not
accurate at all because i know some guys that maybe have some hockey lineage to whether their
dads played or or worked for the league or whatever in different capacities but they're
not hiring guys just because he's so-and-so's son. He's got to be able to do the job because if they don't, listen,
it's a bad, for Steven, it's a bad move because he's, you know,
it's his job to put the best team on the ice.
And if he's not putting the best team on the ice,
then he's going to have to deal with it at the GM's meetings.
And I know that, I don't know why,
and I don't think this year is any different than any other year.
I've been listening to it for 20, 30 years.
It's always complaining about the officiating in the NHL.
And I hear some people go, well, just call it by the rule book.
Just call the rule book.
Well, really like those are people that really don't know hockey.
Like, so you just want it to be black and white.
You don't want any feel for the game.
That's what makes a good ref.
That's why Don Koharski and Kerry Frazier and Bill McCreary.
Bill McCreary is probably the best ref in the NHL ever to lace them up.
They had a feel for the game of when to call something
and when to let something go.
You know, guy gets tripped in the neutral zone.
Do you really need to call it?
It's not a scoring opportunity.
He got tripped.
He got the, it wasn't a change of possession.
He got the puck back.
There's a feel that you have for the game.
It's not black and white.
And we're not like basketball where you call you can have six
fouls in the last minute of the basketball game nobody even flinches nobody even talks about
all those can you imagine if we called five penalties in the last two minutes of a hockey
game oh my god people would be they'd be rioting they'd be like these guys are that then they'd be
go then they'd be saying these guys suck they're're like, you can't have a both ways guys.
It's it's you have to know how to referee.
There's an art to it.
Chris Rooney's good at it.
Kelly Sutherland, Wes McCauley.
That's why they're good referees.
There's an art to referee.
I know we kind of touched on earlier and sorry to hop in here again.
Because I've asked like 10 questions in a row.
Going from regular season to playoffs,
do you guys just have the mindset of even more so we don't want to decide the
game. So therefore the rules just kind of,
it becomes a little bit more like prison rules is an easy way to describe it.
No.
And you know what, this is good for you. This is good for you,
biz and I'll send this to you
because you can use this on TNT coming up.
So in the last few seasons, the last three seasons,
penalties in the regular season were 578 playoffs.
I'm sorry, 549 in the regular season, 595 in the playoffs.
595 in the regular season, 703 in the playoffs.
583 in the regular season, 632 in the playoffs.
Okay?
Penalties per game.
So this perception, now you have to take into effect that we have overtime
games and so on i i get that so the numbers are a little skewed but the perception is to your point
that the referees put away the whistle well there's the numbers right there the numbers don't
lie you're fucking hitting me with the stats pe Peeler? That guy went over here. You think that guy went?
But you know what?
Next time they bring that up on TNT, you can use it and go, you know what?
Actually, the referees, they've been calling it the same way.
Now, the game is more physical and so on, but at the end of the day,
I'm telling you right now, Stephen Walken does not move guys on from the first round to the second round to the third round to the finals if they put their whistle in the pocket.
My heart on the Bible, I can tell you that.
I'm telling you, he will only move guys on that call the NHL standard that Gary and Bill expect.
And you keep saying with the moving on process, is this based on,
like let's say you make a bad call,
is there like a scoring system for the officials?
I don't, it's not a scoring system.
It's basically Steven.
Steven, at the end of the day, he has his group of supervisors
that will be out there in the playoffs.
Don Van Massenhove and Rob Schick, Mike Lago, Paul Dvorsky,
so on and so forth, Bill McCreary.
There's a serious supervisor for every game.
Steven, first of all, I can tell you right now,
he's in his basement right now in Pittsburgh watching all the games right now.
He knows who's working good and who's not working good.
He knows who he can trust and put in the playoffs and guys that make soft penalties.
And he goes, I can't trust that guy and put him in the playoffs.
He makes too many weak calls.
I can't put him in there.
He makes too many weak calls.
I can't put him in there.
Then after the first round, he'll get together with the supervisor and say,
this is who I like.
Who do you guys like?
This is who I want to move on because they go from 20 to 12 to the second round.
It's the biggest cut during the playoffs.
Then you go 12 to 8, 8 to 5.
So the tough part is making it from the first round of the second round because they cut eight guys you don't want to be making shitty calls if you're making shitty calls
you're you're getting sent home and as a ref i remember one year i had a couple goalie interference
calls on on both sides and i got them both right and i, I'm moving on because you want those, like as a ref,
you want to catch a match penalty hit to the head. You want to get that double minor stick to the
face. You don't want to miss a double minor stick to the face. Nobody sees it. And the guy's bleeding
and it's a playoff game and the team should have had four minutes and you miss it. That's a bad
feeling to have as a ref, but a ref you want to embrace if those
opportunities come to you you're like i'm i'm ready i'm ready to step up and make the right
call and show him that you can put me in the third round of game seven and i can i'll make the right
call love that makes a lot of sense i had i had one last one boys i don't know if you guys
i know i'm on a fucking roll right now it's interesting as hell go ahead buddy uh
peeler if you go back what was the greatest game you got to referee ah you know what um
besides the olympics would the olympics was probably the best, you know,
because growing up as a kid, you know,
watching the Olympics going and then being there going,
I can't believe I'm at the Olympics. That was probably.
Timu spitting in my face. This is awesome.
That was probably the best feeling being at the Olympics.
But as far as the NHL, you know,
you can talk about playoff games and different things.
At the end of the day, I would say my first game obviously meant a lot to me.
You know, I was nervous as hell.
I was working with Don Van Massenhoven, Brad Kovacic,
and the old linesman, Pat DiPuzo.
And they're like, hey Hey kid, you made it.
Like you made it to the show. And, and, and at the time I can remember going,
man, I hope I make it like five or six years.
Like I hope I can last a little while. And then all of a sudden you,
you're able to celebrate your thousandth game.
And I was able to celebrate it here in St. Louis
and and with my family even though my kids were young but my my wife and all my friends it's kind
of those milestones it's really not a it's really not a game seven or or a playoff game that you
remember it's kind of the milestone games you're like you know what i never thought
i'd make it this far or um um you know and that's kind of you know i obviously if it was my last
game april 24th um that would have been something that i would have held up there high you know
well i'll tell you what if we ever end up in st louis for a chicklets cup ball hockey tournament
we'll make you the official referee of the whole tournament.
We're going to make sure you can go out in style, buddy.
We'll get the whole fucking city there.
Joto Pink Whitney will get him suspended for the final game.
I'll play for Cooper's team.
Yeah, exactly.
Hey, Peeler, thank you so much.
That was really cool and interesting talking to you.
And we'd love to catch up again.
That was great.
Yeah, I really appreciate it.
You know what?
After you interviewed Gretzky the other day, I'm like, they're reaching out to me.
They've got nobody else to reach out to right now.
They are scraping the bottom of the barrel.
So, no, you know what?
I wanted to come on with you guys.
I've got a lot of respect for all you guys and what what you guys have done you guys have done a tremendous job and i'm more importantly i
just know you're good people and and uh we have a lot of mutual friends and i appreciate you guys
having me on yeah just lay off me on twitter if i say the wrong thing during the broadcast for
christ's sake no give it to him i love it stop breaking trades and acquisitions like pain
are you fucker what are you an insider now no i'm not an insider but you know what's so funny
you're an outsider a lot of people were pissed off that i was tweeting that out like evander
came just and we'll finish this up i met him at the at the cove in atlantis years ago and we were partying all weekend we had our he had his
girlfriend i had my wife and we had fun and and i know he's been through a lot of shit but fuck so
have i so was everybody else like i'm not saying he's perfect at all that's not what i'm saying
but we had kind of stayed in touch and and when he was going through his shit i just text him
every once in a while say hey big boy you know i'm thinking about you how you doing and then when he came close to signing with
edmonton he reached out he goes you you know you're the only one that really ever contacts me
he goes you want to know what's going on and so i tweeted it out and fuck next thing you know people
are like pissed off that i'm tweeting out that he's going to edmonton i'm like you know what
but guess what i knew he'd be a good
fit for that team and he told me and I don't think he'll be mad telling me he goes Leon and Connor
both called me and said we want you to come to this team and you know what it's got a full raging
boner right now you talking about this and uh did he hit you with a venmo request after though i was just checking i just had to ask no but hey i think he's got 22 goals now in 40 42 games or
something like that with the others so he's been a huge addition and hey man it's it's good to have
stars in the game and like you said nobody's perfect and we all make mistakes exactly maybe
just don't take out as big of markers as he has well i he won't i i this is one last story so uh we're at the cold that that week
it was the all-star break and uh uh brandon dubinsky and i are playing uh blackjack together
tisha went up to bed and i love playing blackjack and we're playing a hundred bucks a hand. And I do be, I'm playing a hundred.
Doobie's probably playing three, four, 500, whatever.
And Doobie's got his hostess there and him and I are getting on a roll.
And he goes, he goes, every time Pillsy and I win,
you get us a tequila shot. So we're like fucking pound of tequila.
So Kaner comes over to dubinsky he goes
he goes hey uh i can't get any more money out of the atm machine he goes uh can you give me
five grand and doobie goes fuck you he says you make a shitload more than me i'm not giving you
fucking fun so doobie i swear to god goes give me your rolex so he's got a gold rolex on so caner takes it off
gives it to dubinsky doobie fucking rolls off by 5g gives it gives it to caner caner comes back
about 30 minutes later he's got 20 30 grand whatever gives doobie back the five grand he gets his rolex back he's actually uh hey hey i just
checked online resale on these have gone up i'm gonna need the full 20.
is that all there's some punch-up shit right holy fuck peeler you might peeler people are
going to be requesting you back if you keep ripping off these stories man
regular host you know what you know what off these stories man you have to become a regular regular host
you know what you know what biz panger said to me we weren't allowed to get on social media
till september 1 as a ref like i had to wait until i was my officially my official last paycheck was
and he goes you know if you want to get into the media and you want to do this stuff he goes
do not try to be somebody that you're not.
And he goes, you're going to piss some people off like I did the other day with that tweet about Leah.
And maybe I shouldn't have sent it.
But he goes, don't be don't try to be somebody you're not.
Just be yourself.
Because that's why people, you know, Panger and I are best buddies.
Like, be yourself.
And we'll see how it works out. I'm having fun at it. And you know panger and i are best buddies like be yourself and we'll see how it works out
i'm having fun at it and you know what at the end of the day i truly believe i'm a big believer in
things happen for a reason and even though my incident happened i'm like you know what maybe
if it didn't maybe i'd just be an old retired referee that nobody even cares about anymore. So be a good person and be nice to people and,
and just enjoy it.
Moral of the story,
rip tequila shots and get sussied folks.
You're going to have a fun time magazine person of the year and set up hot
mics for yourself.
Yeah.
All right,
Pila.
Thanks so much,
buddy.
Thanks so much for joining us. Pretty interesting guy. Thanks so much to Tim Peel for joining us.
Pretty interesting guy.
We really enjoyed talking to him.
Hopefully you enjoyed the conversation.
And his interview was also brought to you by Shopify.
Shopify is the all-in-one commerce platform to start, run, and grow your business.
Shopify gives entrepreneurs the resources once reserved for big business.
So upstarts, startups, and established businesses alike can sell everywhere,
synchronize online and in-person sales, and effortlessly stay informed.
Shopify offers online retailers a suite of services, including payments, marketing,
shipping, and customer engagement tools.
Connect with your customers, drive sales, manage your day-to-day.
Shopify instantly lets you accept all major payment methods.
Shopify has thousands of integrations and third-party apps
from on-demand printing to accounting to advanced chatbots and beyond.
So go to shopify.com slash chicklets, all lowercase,
for a free 14-day trial
and get full access to Shopify's entire suite of features.
Grow your business with Shopify today.
Go to shopify.com slash chicklets right now.
All right, boys.
Another week, another surprise firing of an NHL coach.
This time, I'm going to call him the Vegas swipe rights now,
because they just don't seem to like anybody, Biz.
They're at it again.
They dug another hole out in the desert.
This time they shit-canned head coach Pete DeBoer
after he failed to make the playoffs,
even though they gave away one of his goalies,
had a bunch of injuries and whatnot.
He did take him to conference finals two weeks,
two years in a row, but he's gone.
I don't know what the deal is here.
He had one year left on his deal.
Obviously, I'll have no problem getting a job after this GM Kelly
McCrimmon didn't elaborate in the firing, but did say,
I don't know how you can say that Pete DuBois tenure in Vegas was
anything but successful.
I still shit can them.
They're like the Goldilocks of the NHL.
Like this coach is too small.
Like this play is too, too big or too slow.
They just, I don't know what it is with this team, man.
They can't get consistency.
You think guys are not going to want to go
there? They won't care because it's Vegas.
This team's reputation has taken
a weird hit. He was a scapegoat.
He was a scapegoat.
And that quote from
McCrimmon,
R.A., I think that
to me, pretty loudly
says this is on the owner foley deciding i don't want
this guy the coach anymore i mean the the full quote was since during the organization pete and
his staff have guided us through some of the most unique and challenging circumstances we've
witnessed since our franchise entered the nhl like and you're firing them foley had 92 million
dollars to the pain this year which is 10 million dollars
like over the cap and they didn't make the playoffs they missed by three points with all
these injuries they were playing all these guys that probably wouldn't be in the nhl without the
injuries and the cap issues and they gassed their coach it make it's it's the same shit over and
over like you said it's nothing's ever good enough and someone will get that job
and someone will be fired to be the head coach of that team you will have the most ridiculous
expectations thrust upon you when you take that job and every guy will be totally knowingly going
like knowing what he's going into when they get that gig because i wouldn't even be surprised if
the coach they hire gets fired next year
if they don't do good enough in Foley's mind.
Nothing is ever good enough there.
We went over that with all the trades and the hockey karma.
And now for DeBoer to let go?
I mean, Vegas fans didn't like DeBoer by the end of the year.
It's like I look at it like Stone's injured, Eichel's injured.
It's just everything. Nothing went right.
I don't know how you fire a coach.
This isn't as crazy as Trotz getting fired, but it's right up there.
And who knows?
Maybe Trotz is the coach of Vegas next year.
These bros ain't broil.
Broil.
These bros ain't broil.
I have nothing to say other than, like, they're cutthroat.
And, Ari, i completely agree with you
it it creates such like an unsettling feeling in the culture of the locker room um the only like
you mentioned trots like obviously if you hire a guy like that i'm sure like you know within
you know a couple months he's going to be able to to ring them in and and re-establish that culture
but even from the player standpoint like we know
like if you know it could be any guy out the door next and it doesn't even have to be at the fact
that you're underperforming like that's not even the i mean i guess we just saw that with the coach
i mean they got hosed with that san jose situation a few years ago with the five minute major he was
around for that which is a fucking kick in the dick as As far as this year, man, they just dealt with a shit ton of injuries.
They had no stone for a big part of the year.
You know, Iko was playing with a broken thumb
and then coming back from a neck injury.
Like, so.
And my big gas galant, look what he's doing now.
Exactly.
So it's just like, hey, you want to be that type of organization?
Be that type of organization.
But these bros ain't broil.
They also gave away Marc-Andre Fleury for nothing.
Yeah.
I mean, we could beat this dead horse.
Like, they're just like, you know what it is?
It's like they're living up to the name.
It's just like, you know, renting hookers and doing blow,
and it's just like that Vegas style.
It's Vegas.
No judgment.
Going down to the champagne bar and getting getting a daddy to come up with just
abuser and then flick it?
Wait,
I was going to say,
you're definitely right.
All right.
Where I think players are getting skeptical.
I actually spoke with an NHL agent this past week who told me his clients
are actually telling him no Vegas.
They don't,
they're not good to their players there.
I don't want to go there.
Don't even put them on the list for me this summer.
So it is interesting. And you're definitely on to something there, R.A.
And that's a team with no state pack saying that.
That's fucking crazy.
Crazy.
And Rocket Ball Service girls everywhere.
These bros ain't broil.
Killing the franchise stability.
I mean, obviously names that are going to pop up.
Trotz, Rick Talkin, he lives in Vegas already, right, Biz?
Well, I'm not his competitor.
Jimmy Scoops over here here i don't know i don't know if he's talked to vegas yet i would imagine talk such a a big name on the free agency coach market that he probably gets a meeting with
most of the teams that need a coaching uh a coaching replacement so um yeah and he lives
there so at least they don't have to pay for the flight. So, I'm sure that's going to really
appease them.
And we just mentioned Trotz. Elliot Friedman
tweeted that Barry Trotz interviewed for the vacant
head coach position in Winnipeg. Of course,
he's from just outside Winnipeg, so that
probably would fit for him. He's probably going to interview every team
that needs a head coach.
Yeah, there's a little bit of a
carousel going on this year.
I'll say this. The days of paying coaches 5 million a year I think are completely over.
The way that they fucking turn them over and they recycle them.
I don't know, though.
To get the coach you want, it's like once that's been set in free agency with players,
it's been set with coaches.
Like, you want a coach, he's a big name.
All right, give me this or i'm not coming
i think yeah well i mean look at the coaches who signed the last big deals okay go over them
quinnville gone babcock gone who's the guy in uh in philly quinnville and bagnole wouldn't be gone
if it weren't for off ice shit whatever buddy what the fuck does it matter what does it matter
like i just think it's ridiculous to pay a fucking head
like look like it buddy it's the players on the ice these fucking people think that it's just like
all this like these coaches have these magic fucking potions it's just like it's not football
you fucking throw the guys over the boards it's the same type of there's like three different
and you switch up the lines if nobody's scoring you switch up the lines there's three's scoring, you switch up the lines. There's three different four checks.
There's a couple different types of power play breakouts.
Like,
like people think I'm fucking crazy.
Like,
you don't think I could fucking figure out how to fucking coach.
I know the,
but you could win a Jack Adams in two years.
That's what I'm saying,
bitch.
That's what I'm saying.
Look,
look what I've done with the RA on your staff.
That's what I'm saying,
buddy.
You can get the RA running the power play. Get R.A. on your staff. That's what I'm saying, buddy. He can get the R.A. running the power play.
At least I run video guys.
He's doing the power play videos.
And guys like, what the fuck?
All of a sudden, there's like a Stanley Kubrick film in the background.
The shining.
What else?
The Islanders named Lane Lambert head coach.
He was an associate for the last four years.
Of course, him and Barry Trotz go way back.
So they just kept the same
guy they had on staff already. I'm sure Lou probably
knew he was going to do that, but either way, that's the new
coach, Lane Lambert. That tells you everything you need
to know about what I just said.
The guy who was underneath the guy who got
canned is the guy who got the job. Yeah,
I get it's a different voice. What the fuck does he
know that fucking Trotz doesn't know?
Like, give me a fucking break.
This fucking league, man.
Give him fucking 10 million and hey i'm not i'm not ripping on this guy either i just think it's a fucking clown show with all these fucking coaching changes and how much they're
overpaying them it's like these bros um how many coaches lost their jobs nine i don't know how many
i don't know i'm not sure that's all well maybe look at the last week i'll blow the show here uh a few more here for you craig morton
tweeted that the wizard ray whitney is interviewing for the san jose general manager
good for him wow oh he follows the league buddy he's he's a talented guy he uh uh really hard
worker like he's the guy who gets up in the morning and like hits
the gym and shit like he's like he's still now he's sharp as a whip man is that how you say it
or sharp as a what sharp as a knife sharp as a tack um and also like he's got all these guys
like who he texts with that you know if he needs to know about players or if he needs to know about
this he needs to know about that like he just has such a good uh he has so many resources that he can rely on i hope he gets a fucking jam job
but then that means he won't come on the podcast which sucks it is right now there's four current
job openings it's detroit red wings philadelphia flyers vegas golden knights winnipeg jets
all the teams that fired their coaches this year are those four. The Islanders, Blackhawks, Oilers, Florida Panthers,
and Montreal Canadiens as well.
So, yeah, so that's nine.
Ooh, look at me.
Let's see.
To the surprise of nobody, really,
Sheldon Keefe and Kyle Dubas will be back with the Leafs next season.
Getting rid of one of both really would have been throwing up the baby
with the bathwater.
And I think it was just a good idea, Biz, for the team to come out
and say, look, no one's going anywhere.
That way they're like Steve Simmons won't fucking write a story
that Jack Campbell was in an alley with the cat eating poutine
and fucking wanted to fire Shani or whatever fucking type of stuff
he makes up.
Even Matt Sundin said he doesn't think they should make any moves.
I was just pulling up the quote.
You know what, though?
I actually tweeted out if they got rid of Dubas or Keith
that they're idiots.
And I believe that.
And I think this is the right move.
I couldn't believe the amount of Leafs fans coming at me.
Same shit every year.
How are you fucking falling for this, Whitney?
You idiot.
Like, I would say most Leafs fans are in disagreement with that.
Or at least the vocal ones online.
They're fucking pissed off.
No, I love how they're
being i mean we just ragged on on vegas for not being loyal where it's like i get that okay if
next year they lose first round that's 100 100 see you later i don't i don't care what excuse
they could play the fucking they could be playing the i don't know someone who's really good like
tampa again um i wouldn't trade the core of Toronto Maple Leafs for any other core around
the league. That might be a little bit insane.
They're going to have chances to win a championship.
I'm very,
very optimistic about what management of the Leafs has done to build this
young core group of players. It's coming. I, I,
I agree with a man and I think that you give them one more year of
experience and you just make some
subtle changes.
Hopefully you got a few young bucks in the pipeline who can add some help.
I think that the,
I think the biggest thing that let them down was not having,
and I think a lot of people have chimed in online about this.
You need a guy in the top six, who's a prick to play against.
You need a Tom Wilson type of guy.
I know that Simmons plan and the Clifford plan, they had the toughness,
but those guys are playing limited minutes,
and also they weren't even going to end up playing by the end of playoffs.
You need a guy who's going to be able to throw the weight around,
who can be an impact and play the 15 to 20-minute range,
night in and night out, around the net, and just muck it up.
So that's all I got to say.
Can you believe, though, that next year, and then the next year,
and then Matthews is gonzo?
Two more fucking years you have with him.
And don't think for a second he's resigning in Toronto.
UFA in two years, Matthews is gonzo.
I think they'll keep him if he gets the bag.
I don't know, man.
That guy, UFA, he could make the biggest contract in the history of the league.
He can go wherever he wants.
The pressure, I don't know, dude.
And we play it in Arizona with Bedard.
If they win a cup, he probably leaves because he has the cup.
And then if they don't, he probably leaves because it's so miserable
because they're all over him.
Two more years.
The Toronto Maple Leafs have Austin Matthews.
Let's hope we get our land deals locked in in Tempe.
Oh, speaking of that.
Speaking of that.
Well, hey, we got to mention the fact that Mitch Marner got carjacked.
Yeah, that's fucking really scary and an awful story.
Scum of the earth doing something like that.
Thank God the kid's okay.
Fucking Christ. What a scary story. shit is a gunpoint right yeah a lot of a lot a lot more violence and crime
going on in toronto guys it's fucking brutal it's brutal so good a good thing that he's okay
i guess he was just like yep here you go there you want me to put the seat warmers on for you
not trying to be a hero because i've never been been car-jacking, knock on wood. Thank God he's okay.
But for anyone out there, if anyone ever comes up to you,
give them everything.
Don't be a hero.
Give them everything.
Or you could just be like, come on ambulance.
But not for me.
Reverse.
Reverse Reverse
I actually said to my buddies
I would have been the guy who gets shot
Trying to beg them to let me take my golf clubs
Out of the trunk before they took my ass glade
So thank god Mitch Marner is okay
Scum of the earth
But back to the coyotes
These fucking scrubs
Aren't even going to have the logo of their team in the
ice next year.
Oh, my God.
We're going to be watching NHL games.
The Arizona State Sun Devil in the middle of the ice.
What the fuck?
Can it get any worse?
That turned out not to be 100 accurate.
That was the story going around.
Suck on that, bitch.
Yeah, Twitter was a buzz.
It was reported.
The NHL is near do well.
Bastard son.
The Arizona coyotes will not be allowed to have a center ice logo at
Arizona state next season.
Everyone was making fun of him,
but Craig Morton,
who's been covering this team does a great job on it.
I said that he clarified both teams.
Identities will be reflected somewhere in the ice.
However,
the coyotes can't,
cannot alter anything that Arizona state puts on the ice. So Arizona state could let them put it in the ice. However, the Coyotes cannot alter anything that Arizona State puts on the ice.
So Arizona State could let them put it on the ice.
It's not that they're not going to allow it.
So I think someone, you know, misconstrued the news or whatever.
So it's not like they can't put it there.
But Arizona State has the final say as to what goes on the actual ice.
But what is funny?
So do you think Arizona State's going to agree to have a big Coyotes emblem
in the middle of the arena?
I don't. Yeah, I don't know. This is where we're not. We're an uncharted.
Unless they offer them a ton of dough, folks. I would be very surprised.
You know what? I don't I don't care because, you know, I think one of the themes.
Can you please not interrupt me when I'm going? We know you don't care.
One of the themes of this podcast has been about loyalty,
and it doesn't matter what you tell me about Coyotes News.
I will be with that organization to the day I die.
Or to the day they leave.
Fuck you.
Welcome to Houston, Paul.
Anyways, the team also had to sign a good behavior clause which
sounded rather unusual but i guess it's a pretty common thing that arizona state does
as far as you know but yeah you can't be banging girls in the pink whitney suite in the middle of
the game clayton keller like fuck says who together that's not in the clause i looked over
the clause that's not in the clause we got it we got a Murphy bed. We got the super soaker coming
in for half the game. Magic Johnson style.
Just rapid.
Per Penguins reporter
Rob Rossi, the Penguins offered
defenseman Chris Letang and forward Evgeny
Malkin three-year deals worth
15 million and Sid supposedly
was not very happy about it.
Malkin has come, well, he's in the last year
of his eight-year 76 million deal with 9.5 million a year. Letang was making very happy about it. Malkin has come  he's in the last year of his eight-year 76 million deal,
9.5 million a year.
Letang was making 7.25.
I mean, that would be a significant pay cut for Geno.
He's going to be 36 in July.
He said he thinks he could play another three to four years.
Letang said he could play four to five years easily.
And Sid also said he wants to play at least three more seasons.
So, I mean, that's a low ball off of it, huh?
Yeah, that's tough.
But you know what?
All you Penguins fans,
welcome to the world of that loser John Henry and Fenway Sports Group.
These clowns, put it this way,
the Boston Red Sox couldn't win a World Series for 86 years.
They now have four in what, R what all right the past like 16 years
they have four world series and people still hate the owners so liverpool soccer they own liverpool
they've had they they actually have the chance to have one of the greatest seasons in english
soccer history um but they're cheap and you look at what they're doing with bogarts and you look
at what they're doing with devvers and the red socks and they're cheap they're cheap. And you look at what they're doing with Bogarts, and you look at what they're doing with Devers and the Red Sox,
and they're cheap.
They're cheap, cheap, cheap, cheap, cheap.
And so I don't know if they're going to end up going up.
I don't know how it's going to work out with Brian Burke and Ron Hextall
dealing with creepy John Henry and Fenway Sports Group.
But in the end, they might look at these guys as depreciating assets.
And as they get older, we're not offering them any more money.
And I don't know what's going to go on,
but if both of them hit the open market,
they'll certainly both be making more than 5 million bucks a year.
Oh,
I mean,
let's let tank still got a lot of game left.
Yeah.
Gino five on five and how he goes hot and cold,
but it's hard to judge because he just came off that knee injury.
I know when he has a whole summer,
it might be different.
That's what I'm saying.
So I think that if you can get them locked in it like i think gino three times seven
is a fair offer yeah um that that's that's hope that would be him taking a hometown discount yes
just because and people may argue that but his past and his resume and he was a point per game
this year he could get more but that would be fair, I think. If he took that, he'd want to stay a penguin
and also be getting good dough.
And Letang, that's a tough one.
I don't know, because how many years does he want?
That's the issue.
Does Letang want six, seven-year deal?
I would give Letang four years at seven.
Yeah, see, I think he might want more than that.
But if he wants to be a penguin, maybe not.
Then he ain't taking a hometown discount.
It's like go go
go play on the open market somewhere but like i mean given a defenseman that old uh you know
more than a four-year deal at at how much you're saying eight million it's just like i don't know
i don't you think he's i i guess i could i could say yeah okay eight million is a fair number but
i don't think they can afford to pay him.
Because the way I look at it.
He's 35.
He's coming off 68 points in 78 games.
Yeah, I mean, he ain't going to get an eight-year deal.
So what if Montreal offered him?
Hometown, that's his hometown.
They're going to have some money.
When you say Montreal, hometown, it's up to these guys
if they want to be on a fucking awful hockey team. he's won his cups he's he's won before he's won his cup so it's like
let's go get that bag go get the money i know he has the bag too so why wouldn't you want to win
again i i don't know um i think that they're gonna find a way to make it work is what i think about
it all and i think that we're all just speculating here and we can end this podcast.
Yeah, it's 2.15 in the morning.
Let's shut her down, boys.
Well, we got two more we got at least.
Oh, okay.
Selkie Trophy finalists were announced.
Florida's Alexander Barkoff, Calgary's Elias Lindholm,
and for a record 11th consecutive season,
Boston Bruin Patrice Bergeron, a four-time winner.
Bergie passed Gretzky's record for consecutive years as an award finalist.
Gretzky had 10 straight years as a hot nominee.
Like I just said, Berge's got 11 as a Selkie nominee.
This year he led in face-off wins, face-off winner percentage.
Barkoff is looking to become the first back-to-back winner
since Bergeron back in 14-15.
Lindholm is a first-time finalist and would be the first flame to win
if he managed to pull it off.
I know we've talked about it before, but
I looked up the Lester Pearson. They changed that
to the Ted Lindsey. Why wouldn't
they change the Selke to the Bergeron after he retires?
Because no disrespect to Frank Selke,
but he didn't play. He was a GM, not a player.
He has no real connection to
defensive forwards. I don't know.
I usually don't think you should
rename people. That's the smartest thing you've ever said on the podcast.
I'll take it,
but I thought it had better than that,
but either way,
Bruce Cassidy said,
uh,
Bergeron Selkie bid every,
this is a great quote.
Every year,
the nerds come up with new stats and he excels in those too.
So Cassidy taking a shot at the stat geeks.
Uh,
our buddy hazy is up for the master.
It's in the share along with Zidane chara and carrie price carrie price it goes to the player who best exemplifies the qualities of perseverance
sportsmanship and dedication to hockey so obviously we're pulling for hazy what do you got g i was
gonna say a little shocked to see david posternok was not uh nominated for that after everything he
dealt with with uh the loss of his uh unborn son at the beginning of the season.
Yeah, good point, G.
It's just so hard because I feel like everybody has dealt with something.
Would you replace with Chara?
Was Chara one of the nominees?
Yes.
Yeah, I would replace Chara, but he wasn't even the Bruins nominee.
I believe Jake DeBrus was.
So I was just from start to finish.
Oh, wow.
He requested a trade and he didn't get traded, So that's tough. Also, too, Bergeron
confirmed the obvious that he
either returns to the Bruins or retires.
I can't believe people thought he was going to go to
Montreal. He wasn't even a Canadiens fan
growing up, for Christ's sake. We're the rumor boys.
Who cares? We didn't start that one.
Lady Bing finalist, Winnipeg's
Kyle Connor, Carolina's Jacob Slavin
and Minnesota's Jared
Spurgeon.
And that's it for our Hockey Notes, boys.
Anything else you want to get at, Whit?
No.
Bad time.
No golf time.
All right.
Bad time. I think my neighbor here is about ready to lose his mind.
Very excited to watch the PGA Championship.
I think I might have told everyone Scheffler was going to win the Masters.
Maybe I'm making that up.
But I think I said he was definitely a possible a possible winner i don't know man i'm
looking at this tournament i know everyone's talking about speed but he can win the grand
slam he's been playing great and this course you need to have a great short game uh fun fact or
actually not so fun fact southern hills in tulsa oklahoma uh tiger Woods won a PGA there. It was actually
where R.A. Roger Wheeler
was gunned down by John
Mortarano in the Whitey Bulger
murder
for hire.
That was the highlight guy.
The highlight. Crazy story, but a Boston
mobster had
the owner of the highlight
sports killed. it's crazy.
I didn't even know it was in this country club,
but it should be a really fun tournament.
I think Tigers paired the first two rounds starting this morning,
as you're listening, with Rory and Spieth, I think.
And then there's like a Dustin Johnson, Justin Thomas.
What was the other one?
I don't know.
Another stud in that threesome.
They have like some super pairings.
What did you think of the guys hanging,
the foreplay guys hanging with Tiger Woods?
Crazy.
They've become legit buddies.
I think he said to Riggs, what's up, my brother?
I mean, if you have a black guy say, what's up, my brother, to you,
you're pretty fucking legit with the guy.
I'll say no.
Are they going to get him on the podcast?
I think they already have.
Oh, they did like a brief interview him in rigs one time,
but they've never done the full sit down.
Oh, yeah, they got to do a full.
They were walking around like the course with them.
So, yeah, I mean, we got our guys.
We got our white whale.
They got to get their white whale.
Exactly.
Exactly.
There is one guy who's not going to be there this weekend the defendant champ uh is it a chicken shit move or what
by mickelson i have no idea what's going on with phil i hear that he's fucking hanging out with a
big long beard somewhere yeah yeah what's the place in montana oh big sky big sky montana
yeah i mean phil phil is it's's quite obvious Phil has already taken an enormous sum
of money from the Saudis for this live golf, which starts pretty soon.
I'm guessing that'll be the first time he shows his face.
I mean, it's interesting that he's not going to the PGA and maybe talking.
Because he's going to have to face questions.
He's going to get hammered the first time he, like, comes back into existence.
Maybe he's going to make guys come to London for this first live golf event,
the Saudi-based tournament, and he's going to make them grill them there
with questions where actually there'll be Saudis in attendance.
I have no idea, but it's going to be a crazy summer in professional golf
because this new league is going to be starting, and my theory is
you're not going to have a ton of guys leaving right away.
But you're going to have some older guys.
Lee Westwood, Sergio Garcia, Henrik Stenson maybe.
And these guys.
And all of a sudden when sixth place starts getting 2 million checks.
You might see some other guys like, whoa, what's going on over here?
I can win this tournament and make like 5 million.
I mean, they have crazy purses
they're talking about bigger than any purses on the pga tour and once these money starts clearing
and this check start cashing you might see some guys saying listen i gotta take care of my family
so i don't know how it's all gonna go down but basically the entire world of pro golf is on the
cusp of changing i think it could at. So if this were to happen in hockey,
it'd be the craziest news we could ever talk about on this podcast.
So this summer should be wild in the world of golf,
but I'm looking forward to a good PGA championship week.
And I'm looking to qualify pretty low on Saturday for the Wally cup with me
and fairway falls.
So I love you guys.
I love the fans.
Talk to you guys on a Monday morning. So I love you guys. I love the fans. Talk to you guys on Monday morning.
Love you, boys.
Peace.
Take care.
Have a good week, all.
As always, we like to thank our awesome sponsors here on Spit and Chicklet. So huge thanks to our friends at Pink Whitney and New Amsterdam Vodka.
Giant thanks to our new friends over at Game Time.
Love you guys.
And a huge thanks to our friends at Shopify.
Check them out.
Have a great week, everybody.
