Hey, Spittin' Chicklets listeners, you can find every episode on Apple Podcasts,
Spotify, or YouTube. Prime members can listen ad-free on Amazon Music.
Hello, everybody.
Welcome to episode 389 of Spittin' Chicklets,
presented by Pink Whitney, from our friends at New Amsterdam Vodka, here in the Barstool Sports Podcast family.
What's up, everyone?
We are knee-deep into the second round,
and we have some controversy in the St. Louis, Colorado series,
a no-show in the Sunshine State,
and the brilliance of Conor McDavid every other night.
So good to watch.
But first, let's check in with the fellas.
Mikey Grinelli, what's going on, my man?
Nothing really, R.A.
Actually, just finally got some nice weather
here in New York City.
So I'm just prepping, getting ready for the Jersey Shore,
getting ready for DJs,
getting ready for some Pink Whitney Grails this summer.
So I'm excited.
What's DJs?
Oh, no, DJs is the name of Pink Whitney Grails this summer. So I'm excited. What DJs? Oh, no.
DJs is the name of a bar down the Jersey Shore.
It's the best.
Only DJs in my car.
B-E-L-M-A-R.
Exactly.
Oh, they got a chant?
No, that's like this famous video.
Gotta be dancing.
Gotta be smiling.
Gotta be shaking that ass.
It's like a viral video from, I'm going to say, 2004.
Dude, it was like one of the first viral videos.
It's this guy, Biz, with all his buddies in the car,
and they're going to DJs, and they are exactly what you think,
just a bunch of juiced-up Grinnellis in their car,
looking to go get after it.
Hey, so I know there's like a nice Jersey Shore,
and then kind of like a grungy Jersey Shore.
This is more of the grungy side where the actual TV show that all the
cartoon characters from that would go there.
Not really.
Actually,
this is this bar in particular is kind of known for that techno EDM
vibe,
but it's in Belmar,
which is actually a really nice part of the Jersey shore.
Seaside Heights is actually where the Jersey shore was filmed,
but it was all based kind of off the people that go to DJs.
Okay, so is this the bar that,
I don't know if it's the Barstool account,
but a lot of the Barstool characters go to it,
and there's a bartender there, Brunette,
with absolute missile bombs on her,
like kind of like the chick who sat behind the Dallas bench,
and she's always pouring Pink Whitney?
Always, always pouring Pink Whitney grails.
They have this Pink Whitney grail.
It's Pink Whitney in Red Bull,
and you kind of have to take it down all at once.
It's unreal.
The guy, Fun Anthony, just runs the show down there.
It's unbelievable.
Shout out our boy Rico.
R.A. and Rico have differences.
I'm an R.A. guy.
I'm a Rico guy.
We don't have to get into that.
Rico Bosco?
He pretty much got Pink Whitney into DJs, I've been told.
So he's the DJ's man.
He's the DJ king. He's the dj king he's the djs king
absolutely we appreciate that because now all these juice monkeys are hammering hold them home
the stuff every weekend maybe i could hire him if i ever go back to nyc because i'm gonna have
these rangers fans trying to shank me now very funny story about that but we'll get into that
in a little bit go ahead biz how you doing buddy you doing, buddy? How you doing? I was going to ask, what's the beef between Rico Bosco and R.A.?
I don't know.
I just know that there's beef.
Yeah, I've literally never exchanged words with him.
He used to call in Bosco Radio years ago.
Like, before he had anything to do with Bosco, I'm like,
oh, this guy just calls a clown, whatever.
And then I muted him on Twitter, and then he blocked me.
So I don't know if a block counts when you're already muted. So twitter and then he blocked me so i don't know
if a block counts when you're already muted so we literally like i went in the office
like all right you've had some blocking slash muting experiences i mean we had talk on the
block list or maybe vice versa we had sean avery in the mix now what made him such a clown and how
did that then all of a sudden did he become kind of a caricature of barstool like dave just based on his calls yeah to the radio because he was so entertaining
me i think he called himself maybe the best calling guy in the in the history of like radio
and he just wanted on the record socks off i want it on the record i love ra but i am a rider i am
very much a rider and i don't want to get blackballed by him. I think you're just a little afraid of Rico.
No way.
Rico is not afraid of anyone.
No,
I'll fucking go ahead.
He's probably getting Grinnell.
He's dick wet before he met his girl at fucking DJ's fist bumping with the
juice monkeys.
Rico got me to cut a three hour line at DJ's one time.
I have the utmost respect for him,
but it's like I did Brandon Walker show the other day.
He called me in the through pick central and like I'm sitting literally like two feet away from him. But it's like I did Brandon Walker show the other day. He called me in the through pick central.
And like, I'm sitting literally like two feet away from him.
And he just, it's hilarious.
Like he won't like, he doesn't look at you.
He won't like, he just pretends I'm not there.
It's fucking hilarious.
You're on his shit list.
You're not even getting a fucking look.
You're not even getting a sniff.
Hey, you're Johnny Depp.
You won't, you won't, he won't look at Amber Heard.
You won't look at Rico Bosco.
I'm sleeping good at night. So, well, I wanted to ask you,
so how has the whole launch of Shorzy been going? I mean,
I've seen the response online. A lot of people like the show. Oh yeah.
People are going nuts already. Have you, have you felt the love from it?
Absolutely. And of course we've only dropped in Canada,
up at Craven Canada.
It's going to be on Hulu this Friday the 27th down here in the states and yeah the feedback has been tremendous
and it's only been from Canadians and I know I said it before I'm obviously going to pump the
tires the show is fucking hilarious like I think it's funnier than Letter Kenny there's never been
a television show a hockey television show before it's like sort of slap shot almost like a slap
shot tv show in some ways and the chirps in it are so goddamn funny i can't wait till it drops next week we're gonna do a full
court press with like promos and stuff because you know obviously we get a lot of listens in
the states too and uh yeah it's exciting it's pretty exciting stuff so kiso likes to fly a
little bit under the radar i think what he was trying to do is he wants to deflect in us to get
somebody on the show uh who is in it.
Like he's one of those guys who, you know, I don't think he likes that type of attention,
but mad respect for what he's done in his whole career.
And to, you know, to incorporate the Spit and Chicklets brand with getting you on there, that's pretty awesome.
And like you said, the banter and the chirps is, I think that even Brad Pitt at one point,
like shouted it out on a red carpet
saying how much he loves it and how different it is.
So when you get Brad Pitt giving you props.
Yeah, oh yeah, there's a clip of it somewhere.
I've seen it where he says, oh yeah, he was pumping.
Letter Kenny or Shorzy?
Well, Letter Kenny, but it's a spinoff, right?
Same type of humor and banter.
So I've actually seen ryan's been talking about
it in quite a few podcasts and of course doing promo for it so buddy congratulations i could
tell you got like a little bit of pep in your step since it came out so i hope you keep ripping
with the acting gigs and and keep the positive train going buddy thanks buddy i'm season two's
gonna happen and most likely i'll be back up in subray what's funny too is my old lady like
she's so tuned out on hockey because like that's that's all I eat, sleep, and breathe.
Even she was dying at the trips.
Like, I had her watching some of it.
She was pissing herself laughing at the trips,
and she's, like, all hockeyed out.
R.A. is going to want his own trailer.
He's going to have a rider list this long.
He's going to want Colombian flown in just for him.
Not me, Paul.
Come on.
No, okay, yeah, yeah, sorry. Womp, sock. on no okay yeah sorry so uh what you do all weekend
any have any fun boys any any excitement just take it easy i don't know if you want to enjoy
i'd like a little intro actually i need a little pep in my step and now uh buddy down south in
atlanta paul biz nasty bisonette of tnt and tbs what's going on my man it's been fun man like
obviously we've had some really fun broadcast
with with getting all this repetition and having the guys around um i think our chemistry is getting
even better and you know we we've been able to let it fly and i'm not even really that tired i'm kind
of just riding a natural high and and the games have been so good uh specifically to me that st
louis colorado and i know we're going to get into it but uh the hockey's been
great a lot of shit talking online obviously the rangers fans were giving it to me today after the
igor shusterkin performance but all in all uh much like you are you talked about consuming hockey
that's really all i've been doing lately uh not much fun just eat sleep and hockey yeah pretty
much uh we should probably jump right into it but but first Well, we got to give Witt a fucking intro, right?
Yeah, sorry, Witt. I know he
always jumps the gun on us there.
Last but not least, the Witt dog
Ryan Whitney. What's going on, buddy?
A little delay.
Not much, guys.
So I have
two things to talk about.
One involving biz, one not involving
biz. The first one I'll bring up kind of a banana situation.
If I'm being honest with you, Ryder goes to preschool.
There's awesome schools.
The teachers, they do a phenomenal job.
This woman, Laurie, runs the place.
It's a fantastic place to send your kids.
They're outside like more than half the day, which is what you want, right?
You want your kids active.
You want them outside getting energy out, getting experiences of a hangover.
Vitamin D.
Exactly.
So there's a fundraiser, right, for the school.
And I think that they invite every, you know,
every kid who goes, parents can go.
And you're trying to raise money for the school
and for your kids, basically.
And also there's some auctions.
There's five auction items, the live auction,
and there's a silent auction. So my good nina she ran the whole thing she put together this
whole night and then she asked me hey could you come up and maybe help me with the live auction
part right i was like yeah whatever no problem i could do that i could do that in my sleep so
for an outfit now i we showed up and like most guys had like a nice suit coat on or like a blazer
and some nice pants i had on like some khaki whitish pants i pegged them i had some common
projects on i looked phenomenal i looked phenomenal biz let me tell you showing some ankle
some fucking asshole at this event dude doesn't say a word to me about my gear.
Actually, I'll backtrack it. I'll backtrack it. OK, we're going back. So the auction goes great.
We auctioned off. Ray Bork donated a signed jersey, two tickets to a Bruins game next year
and a night, a dinner at his restaurant, Tresca in the North End, all paid for.
What else was on Red Sox tickets for this Sunday?
Like on the first baseline, there was that those were two U S open practice
round tickets with like,
or maybe it was regular round with tent for beer and like food,
like good stuff. I, I got one thing.
One of the ox things I bought because the kids get dropped off in the back.
So you get a park on this street and you got to walk way behind. It's kind of a hike of a walk with the kids get dropped off in the back. So you got to park on this street and you got to walk way behind.
It's kind of a hike of a walk with the kids.
And then if you have Wyatt and everyone there,
it's got 1,400 kids, it feels like.
Everyone at the school has four kids.
I can't even handle two.
So if you're with Wyatt,
you got to get him out of the car.
You got to carry him.
Then you got to walk right up
and you got to walk back.
So one of their auction items
was a parking spot in the back.
So you can just big wheel, right?
Because you drop them off at the playground. so you can just big wheel right because you
drop them off at the playgrounds you can just big wheel park basically vip parking you're right
there sitting like okay the baby's in the car just leave him in the car so i'm like brie she's in the
back i'm she's doing the auction like with the numbers trying to buy something i'm doing the
auction i'm like you get that fucking parking spot this is like the disneyland uh fast pass
yeah i'm done walking up that hill with the kids.
I want to go in the back.
So there's a pregnant woman there who has kids or a kid at the school.
She's up front.
And I'm like, starting at 100, she's like 100.
Someone goes 150, 200.
She was like, she went boom, boom, boom, up to like 700 or 800.
And I'm like, Jesus, we got to let her win.
I mean, she's like eight months pregnant.
So she wins. But boom, all of a sudden, the director of the school says, we got to let her win. I mean, she's like eight months pregnant, so she wins.
But boom, all of a sudden, the director of the school says,
we got a second spot.
We can auction off a second spot.
So I got that one.
So long story, there's two spots.
So auction ends, great night.
It went from 7 to 1130.
Everyone was catching a good buzz.
I actually left about 9, 915, though, because I had to watch the games.
You know, I'm doing my job. I'm a professional watching hockey games.
So I get home.
I'm all excited for game two, the Battle of Alberta.
And I'm just kind of scrolling through Twitter.
And I see a picture and the comment is, who the fuck dresses like this?
And it's a picture of my legs and my buddy, Billy Ryan's in the picture
because he just had surgery.
He's got a walking boot on. So he's got I'm like that's me he's like i'm like what the fuck so i'm like
someone so i click on the picture of this dude and i'm like this guy this piece of shit isn't
the guy that was at the school we'll get we'll get to this dude who tweeted it in a second
but i'm like somebody at this event like for our, where all our kids go to school, like took a picture of
me, like my bottom half and either tweeted it and this guy saw it or sent it to buddies. And somehow
this guy who tweets it, get it. I'm like, what the fuck? Yeah, I'm in the public, but we're at a
thing for the kids, for the kids. And you're snapping pictures, sneaky pictures of me standing
right next to me like a fucking asshole. My's boiling right so i i like really like billy my boy billy text me he's like we gotta find out who took that pic like what
an absolute prick not only is a prick to be snapping pictures of me we're doing something
for the kids he doesn't even have the balls to be like yo your pants look stupid which they did not
i looked freaking great i gotta see this fit by the way i'll send you the picture so i had the skinny fat look down
pat what a rhyme that was if it even rhymes so i'm like this prick i'm like he doesn't even have
the balls to say like dude your pants are terrible how you're wearing them you're gonna like side
hold the camera and snap a picture of me at the thing for the kids so fuck him i'd love to find
out who it is i we the school invited people who are incoming so
their kids are gonna be going next year to maybe come so maybe it's an incoming prick that doesn't
know that i mean business when you're taking creepy pictures of me at an event for the kids
then we get to this clown who writes who the fuck dresses like this this This asshole, dude, I clicked on his picture. Him and his wife had legitimate Building 19 ghetto ass fake Bruins practice jerseys on
at an MDC trash rink with three pucks in front of them with their anniversary engraved in the pucks.
He's chirping my gear.
Who the fuck dresses like that?
Who the fuck wears fake practice Bruin shirts?
He's at a shitbag rink and kneels down on the ice with their anniversary and three pucks, you losers.
Fucking unbelievable evening at Village School.
Not going to lie.
I was hoping it went down the path of you outbidding the eighth month
pregnant girl on the parking spot, but it didn't.
No, I couldn't.
I couldn't.
And I'm proud of you for backing off
and i thought maybe that's why they would have been rude enough to tweet that picture now
much like how galant says we have people in the lineup who can take care of guys like that after
the scruffle or scruffle i don't know how you say it after the rangers carolina game
tell me who this fucking guy is and send me in this bag of shit. I want to find out.
I don't like
I don't know who I hate more.
The guy taking creepy ass
sneaky pictures of my lower half at
an event for my kids
or the guy who's tweeting me
with the worst fake jersey in the world with his wife
and their stupid anniversary and three ghetto
ass. They're probably like fake
pucks too made
in Czechoslovakia so that was ridiculous that was that was Friday night was that Friday night yes
so then Saturday night I go down how old we time out how much of the parking spot cost you and do
you get it for a full year that's a great question because school ends in two weeks so I hope
for next year I actually wonder do I not get that for next year?
You got fleeced.
I might've just got posed, but it all goes to the kids.
So then I go down and this kind of involves you.
So I go down right now.
We're recording Sunday night.
It's eight o'clock.
It's about to start.
So yeah, Battle of Alberta.
Battle of Alberta.
I got it on the TV.
So I'm, but so there's a wedding tonight,
a Sunday night wedding I couldn't make. But last night there was like the night before the wedding. So I'm, but so there's a wedding tonight, a Sunday night wedding I couldn't make.
But last night there was like the night before the wedding.
So I went down, my wife's there. So I went down with her last night,
spent the night in Newport. Congratulations, Dean and Patula.
It's a Greek wedding. These people get after it.
The night before the wedding was like, it was like a, basically a wedding.
It was crazy. So in the middle of the wedding,
like these guys come up to you i met another family all played
hockey great kid good luck to this kid nico he's on the new jersey rockets big fan these two guys
come up to me they're buddies of the groom they're like you fucking hate the rangers you piece of
shit like funny though funny bastards i was like oh no no no i'm like i kind of hate him but my boy
biz really hates him they're like that motherfucker gets shanked. He shows his face at MSG again.
I go, you think?
He's like, fuck him.
That guy's a piece of shit.
I go, Jesus, boys.
I go, guys, relax a little bit.
They want you dead in New York City.
I backed you up.
I go, he'll pump your eyes shut.
So we're still waiting for ESPN to make the call on what series they're taking for the conference finals.
So who knows if the Rangers advance and let's say they play Tampa, we're going on location.
So I'm going to be there on the panel outside MSG or maybe inside.
I would imagine they got us propped outside.
That's kind of how they usually do it with like the crowd in the background.
I mean, you saw Charles chirping at the Golden State Warriors fans.
I don't have a fucking problem, but I'm definitely bringing a few of these people from DJs who are all juiced up on HGH to come protect my ass.
You'd have a hell of a body protection crew.
Avery Zaretsky said that he called me yesterday and he said that he has never seen New York Rangers hate someone like they hate Bitt.
So he tweeted out tonight
that I'm dodging him. He sent the jersey
that I have to wear because Pittsburgh lost
on the broadcast. I have
it here at the Four Seasons. I said
tonight on the broadcast, I said
because Liam made a crack about
me going at it with Rangers fans, and I
said, yes, I still have to make
own up to my bet
i and i and i will that jersey's going on so he's trying to stir it up online now let's go back to
to how do you say his last name zarensky zaretsky zaretsky it's like the building 19 version of
gretzky yeah same as that anniversary picture so did he not at one point go after Arizona Coyotes fans for wearing the whiteout because we stole it from the Winnipeg Jets and it was brought over?
But all the meanwhile, today at the Rangers game on Sunday, they passed out white shirts to create a whiteout, and he was wearing it?
I believe he said, Biz, I believe he said New York would never do that.
So talk about a fucking fugazi.
And listen, hung Shusterkin out to dry again,
and although Shusterkin let in a horrible goal,
he did show up to play another game when they got peppered in shots
and played most of the game in the defensive zone.
So let's just pump the fucking brakes here on relying on your goaltender
when you can't really spend any time in the offensive zone.
Now, I don't want to get too far ahead of ourselves here
because we're going to end up starting here with probably the most intense series
of them all with St. Louis and the Avs.
Anything else before we get going on hockey boys no let's
chat some hockey let's chat all right all right i'll send it back over to you so fuck the guy who
took the picture and wit you're you're the country club guy let me fucking hit the guy from well in
ontario let me handle that fucker who posted the picture thank you biz all right thank you all
right all right before we jump right into it, summer is here,
and that means pool parties and beaches.
So make sure you stock up and have plenty of that Pink Whitney on hand
for your pool parties, your head in the beach or whatnot.
And if the sun is at your speed, if you're a pasty guy like me,
then head over to your local bar.
Make sure to order some Pink Whitney there.
Either do a shot, mix it with some club soda.
Either way, you can't go wrong.
Enjoy our five times distilled vodka infused with fresh pink lemonade flavor,
especially now that the great weather is here.
Grinnell, you gassed some pink with me this weekend or what?
Of course you did.
He did his tour in New Jersey.
You posted the video, didn't you?
Yes, I did.
I actually was ripping nips the whole time, too,
but I had to leave that out of the video because, as you guys saw in the video,
I got hit by a car.
You can't have a couple nips and ride a bike?
I don't know.
So at the beginning of the video, I asked our camera guys,
I said, can you get a DUI on a bike?
And it sounds like you can.
So I left that out.
I wasn't drunk.
I was very responsibly driving.
But I was in the Pink Whitney jersey.
Did have a couple Pink Whitney nips as well.
Couple quick things.
I know I've mentioned it every podcast here in the last three or four.
We're doing that every Wednesday contest on our social social media account follow pink whitney we're doing package
giveaways we're doing a beach giveaway a cooler giveaway uh golf giveaway we're doing a bunch of
shit so just follow us on the pink whitney social accounts and um not i don't have the full details
yet but i will be doing a pink whitney Whitney tour in Canada this summer where we're doing bottle signings myself, just myself, because I know you guys are going to stay in the States.
This is going to be in my free time. I'm going to go around with Pasha. We're going to hit up Winnipeg, Manitoba. We're going to hit up Edmonton, Calgary. I believe we're going to Saskatoon, trying to do Kelowna, and then, of course, Vancouver. So this is in the works.
We're going to make sure you guys get all the details,
but it's all going to be brought to you by Pink Whitney,
and it's going to be a little biz Canadian Pink Whitney tour,
and I'm looking forward to seeing all our fans across Canada.
I know it's been a while since we've had some activations there due to COVID,
but we did not forget about you.
We love you.
I cannot wait to see you.
I cannot wait to beat the fucking wheels off you guys and bubble hockey.
When I do see you at these bar appearances.
So rock on pink Whitney and thank you for supporting the brand.
All right, back over to you. Let's go, baby. All right.
Saturday night, Saturday night in St. Louis, the blues lost goalie,
Jordan Bennington,
645 into the first period after collision with Naz Khadri and Callie Rosen in his crease.
And then they lost game three, five to two.
And afterwards was when the real fireworks came.
Khadri was getting interviewed by you guys on TNT,
and all of a sudden he turns and looks,
and he says, not sure if he just threw a water bottle at me.
And apparently, not apparently,
Jordan Benetton chucked a water bottle in his direction.
Biz, have you ever seen or heard of anything like this before?
A guy like chucking a water bottle at a guy doing an interview like this before?
I would assume most people have seen it on Twitter or Instagram.
Grinnelli is going to roll the audio of it and you could hear the awkward pause.
So roll it, G.
I'm sure you're going to get asked about this maybe once or twice over the next few days.
So just take us through the collision with Jordan Bennington from your point of view.
What happened on that play?
Just a loose puck.
I just tried to get my stick in there and, you know,
and, you know, just tried to poke the puck free.
I think their weak side defenseman came over and kind of bumped me,
and that's, you know, what caused the collision.
So, you know, I hope he's all right.
I'm not sure if he just threw a water bottle at me or not but wow the poise yeah i mean not much i could do man not much i can do i'm just going for the loose bucket in the midst of the interview
like obviously you're trying to formulate a question and like listen to what the other guys
are asking so you don't really ask the same thing and i i was the last guy to go and and i kind of
held liam off and I was like wait like
did you just tell me that Binnington threw a water bottle at you like or or and then he reiterated
he's like yeah yeah I'm pretty sure and you could tell that he knew but he didn't really want to
throw him under the bus but it it already slipped out um I talked to the other guys after we just
assumed it was one of his own teammates trying to like
distract them and joke around after a win you know how you're in and out of the hallway you're
having fun you're excited you guys won the game but definitely a bizarre thing um if you guys want
to talk about the hit on Binnington specifically I know St. Louis fans don't want to hear it
going back to last year that hit that he put on Falk was
bullshit. And Kadri definitely has a past. He has been known to lose his cool. He has suffered based
on suspension and length of suspension and losing money. And this reputation will follow him for the
rest of his career. Doesn't matter if he's got a clean slate, he's going to be put in the Tom
Wilson category. He's going to be put in the Brad Marchand category and I'm sure that you guys can think of other names off the top of your head
but this is not far removed from that entire situation to the point where this year during
the regular season they made him answer the bell and between him and Binnington there was a switch a stick swinging incident he was 100 going for the puck
there if Rosen would not have made contact with him he wouldn't have crashed into Bennington
that's what I believe I've seen still images I've watched every replay from every angle
and that note from a player that has been in that situation, going to the net, knowing in the direction that he was going, and also seeing the fact that if he gets to stick on that first, based on where Bennington is, he has an opportunity to poke that in and score a goal.
everything for the St. Louis Blues, because after watching Bennington,
not only at the end of the first round when he came in or towards the middle and the end, and then in the first two in some odd games in this round,
he was back to Bennington when they went on their cup run.
They had all the confidence in the world.
Not only did they fucking make every adjustment they needed to in
game two they were better on face-offs they were disciplined they out-competed uh colorado they
won the loose puck battles they were better on their breakouts they were better at slowing
colorado down through the neutral zone um they neutralized kale mccarr like we have not seen
all season long that could be up for debate based based on how Kyle Makara might be banged up.
And on top of it, the fact that St. Louis' back end is a little bit banged up.
They're missing Krug.
And, of course, they're dealing with  like, Letty missed a game or two last round.
Guys are banged up.
And the fact that Binnington can play the puck as well as he can,
this has royally fucked that team in my opinion
because Huso right now does not have the type of confidence that he had in the regular season
he not to his fault because he got thrown in the middle of of uh of game three he looks shook he
looks unconfident and the goaltending cost them that game. In my opinion, when he got up and he went the one way to test it out and he looked all
right.
But then when he shimmied over to the right,
you could tell his,
his either hip or right knee was not doing well.
You could tell right away,
right away.
And the,
you could feel the energy leave the building as he went off the ice.
Now credit to the St.
Louis blues fans,
because as soon as who so came on,
they did everything they could in order to try to give him confidence.
They all stood up,
they all cheered him on,
but it looked like a completely different,
I don't want to say completely different team.
They just couldn't get the saves when they needed it after that.
And to me,
I think that the abs are now going to win this series based on that,
but credit to St.
Louis and the way that they were able to rebound after game one,
because they made every fucking change necessary in order to come back and
prove to Colorado,
Hey,
we're not just going to lie down and die.
We're going to come compete and we're going to fucking try to run you fuckers through the board.
And this, to me, is the most competitive man-like series as far as physicality.
I hope I did a good enough breakdown.
I love St. Louis. I love the fans.
I'm sorry I don't agree with you guys and last thing i will say is there has been a few incidences where
uh burner accounts and stuff have said some pretty nasty shit racist stuff to to nazim
qadri online that shit fuck off it's rubbish it's bullshit there's no need for it it's it's gross
he should not have to deal with that if you don't like him as a player
and you think that he's dirty it's one thing to send those type of messages fuck off put you in
a rocket ship and fucking send you off this planet no need for it i agree with him uh ra i don't know
just because i i look at cadre reaching for the puck right and all of a sudden rosen comes in if rosen hadn't touched him he's reaching for that puck, right? And all of a sudden, Rosen comes in.
If Rosen hadn't touched him, he's reaching for that puck.
He's trying to get a piece of it.
And then he's kind of skating to the right.
He's veering off.
Now, I guess how would I know what's 100 going to happen?
But without that contact, he's not even really anywhere near him.
It sucks to see.
I just feel so bad for Binnington.
Having met him, good guy, came came on with us spent the time with us
i really appreciate um what he's been through since he won the stanley cup right he lost his
starter's job this year he gets it back he's playing big time hockey and he gets injured it's
just injuries are so unfair it doesn't matter what sport you're talking about but for a guy that was
playing that well and had this huge game two victory they get out to a lead in game three and
boom this happens it's just such shit luck for somebody who's kind of gone through a lot.
So I really feel bad for him, but I'm kind of with biz.
Now also I'll say for St. Louis fans,
I think the hit on Gerard is a big time hockey hit.
That sucks too.
Another guy who got called out at one point,
I think at the end of the season, maybe not called out publicly,
but he wasn't playing great hockey.
Gerrard was struggling.
He was trying to do too much.
And he's been a beast in the playoffs, as basically every guy on the avalanche has.
But he's a human breakout.
Like, you don't even really talk about him because of how good Makar is.
But his edge work, the ability for him to spin off guys,
he is such a great, important player.
And he's done.
And I can't even imagine a broken sternum.
Oh, holy shit.
It hurts to read that.
Oh, my God.
And, like, the guy at the balls, he kind of gets up.
You can tell he's in horrific pain.
Watching that in real time was
Dude, Barber Chef was going about 100 miles an hour.
So maybe you want to call a charge, but, Biz,
how would you describe in terms of
because we already chatted about this how would
you describe in terms of of you saying it is a clean and legal hit so he he he makes a play on
the puck and and what i commend gerard for sometimes guys bail out of that he did not there
he did not and it's playoff hockey and he advances that puck over to manson and when he gets crumbled
you just say, you know,
this guy sacrificing his body to try to make a play just so they can break out
out of their own end.
When you have Barbashev breathing down your neck,
and I don't know how many of you people know about this Barbashev.
Oh my God.
If there's one thing he can do, it's he could fucking paint you through the wall.
He is fans know from 2019, he was hammering everyone he is a wrecking
ball and as i said if you watch that hit in real time he crumbles him and sometimes as defenders
when you make that play you try to then roll off the hit and so in some cases a lot of people were
like well look it's from behind because by the time he finishes his hit, it's like Gerrard's face is into the dasher.
But it has to do with his size.
It has to do with the fact that he's turning after he makes the play.
And just like I said to St. Louis fans, I'm sorry about your luck.
I know that you hate Kadri.
And there's a history there.
your luck i know that you hate cadre and there's a history there they end up having to bite the bullet on a clean play at the other end that ends up injuring a guy who is very valuable to their
lineup so it's an eye for an eye in this situation and it sucks because you want to see these teams
at their best but i cannot sit here and tell you that that barbachev hit was dirty at all
would you maybe called it a charge or could you have accepted a two minutes
for charging?
But it's, it's, it's like this man, it's a loose puck.
So if he doesn't go for the puck, it's like,
then it's Barbashev's puck first. It's like, that's the, that's hockey, man.
I've been tweeting it out nonstop on these clean hits throughout playoffs.
Like I believe there's a door off hit was clean.
I'm not sure what the other one I ended up posting it on.
And there's fans online who are going to scream and yell and tell you you're a fucking asshole.
But it's like, fuck you, man.
I was out there.
I was in those situations.
I know what it's like.
I've been given.
You had to throw those hits to stay in the lineup.
I had to throw them and I had to take them.
And I was a defenseman at one point, too.
And I had to go back and get pucks and get fucking ran through the wall.
Buddy, I used to play against Cam Jansen in the old Windsor barn,
and he would bark at me before he did it.
So not only did I have to fucking take pregame naps
knowing this guy would be barking at me
and spinning all over me off face-offs,
but I had to have him run me through the boards,
which, by the way, the old Windsor barn, they were concrete.
They didn't even bend at all
oh these are those old that old glass dude you might as well if it was like uh
you might as well had them fucking in barbed wire for fuck's sakes
there wasn't even glass back then it was fencing okay so i'm not being a hypocrite here. I've had so many AC separations.
But, R.A., as you say, when you hear about that sternum,
it's just like when you read it, you're like, oh.
So, yeah.
That's a big loss for the Avs, dude.
R.A., actually, before we roll it over to you,
we should roll the post-game comments by Coach Berube,
and then following that, we're going to roll the response,
I'm assuming by Bednar, after he heard what Berube said.
Look at Kaji's reputation.
That's all I got to say.
Listen, reputation, it doesn't mean anything.
It's either a legal player or it's not.
We've talked about this with Naz and the way he's trying to change his reputation
and making sure that he's playing through checks and plays legal or non-legal.
They're going for, that D and Naz are both going for a loose puck
sitting at the top of the crease, skating in there downhill as hard as they can go.
And both guys go in there.
They're both going after the puck the same way,
and they collide before they go in.
So, again, unfortunate.
Same as Gerrard for me.
That's a legal play, and, you know, it's unfortunate,
but it is what it is.
Yeah, obviously these guys are going to get their players' backs, of course.
You know, Berube said, you know, goes to his reputation,
and Bednar says, well, why does he bring up his reputation?
It was a legal play.
So I think that's par for the course with these guys defending their goalies.
As for the hit itself, I mean,
we've seen a lot of goalies get bundled these playoffs so far.
I can't look at that and say it was intentional
based on all the other hits we've seen.
Like, I know Kadri, he does have a reputation,
but you can't conclusively look and say,
oh, he did that on purpose.
I mean, we've seen goalies get bundled all playoffs.
I mean, it sucks.
Binnington, he had only allowed nine goals on 176 shots
and start in game four versus many.
949 save percentage on an
absolute heater.
Looking like the goalie from a couple of years ago.
And then as far as the Gerard hit to bed,
not said he had no issue with it.
Didn't think it was dirty.
Thought it was a clean legal hit.
He had no issue at it as well.
So I don't know.
It just sucks,
man,
because obviously I got,
I got a bet on St.
Louis plus three 20 for the series.
So it's like,
I mean,
it's not up in smoke yet,
but it just sucks because you know, it's not up in smoke yet, but it just sucks because, you know,
it's going to be a less competitive series now,
unless Huso can dial up his competitive level where he was back a few months
ago. But first game wasn't so good, man. Results weren't so hot.
Going back to game two, Perron, just so clutch.
He's unbelievable player.
They take advantage of Makar coming in and and going back to Makar he
ran into the post in game two definitely did not look like the Makar we know still better than 95
percent of defensemen in the league yeah but something's a little off right he had a great
game three though unbelievable game three way more explosive offensively he uh you know they're
they're pressing for a goal mind you they're down 2-1 in that game they win that offensive zone draw but because sometimes guys when you have these
set plays off of offensive zone draws if there's a little delay in in the puck battle where it's
50-50 off the hop it throws off the uh the rhythm and he he got a bit of a shit sandwich thrown up
to him along the wall as he's coming down it creates the two-on-one the other way and i think that kemper should have had it and i didn't think kemper had his best stuff in
game two oh sorry edmonton just hit the post sorry go ahead jesus christ i just had a fucking jammer
some i imagine a few people who are driving listening to this maybe we hit the rumble
strips there so if you can fucking tone her down on the, on the celebrations here,
Kemper probably wanted that third one back that prawn score that went
underneath his glove, but a hell of a response by Kemper in game three.
Now going to game three, salt in the wound,
cadre power, both, both, both teams,
their execution in that game, that game had everything.
Game three, easily the best game of playoffs so far,
and I say this is the best series right now going in round two.
He ends up tipping that puck in right after the power play ends.
They garnered a ton of momentum on it.
Both teams are snapping around on the peeps.
And then he ends up setting up the eventual game winner where he puts it up the wall
beautiful play to leckanen and going back to huso just like i criticized kemper for it huso short
side i think he was trying to read past their back door with byram activating as that net front
defenseman and going down the ice to create that two-on-one he beats huso short side so right there
that's the game.
And I'm really, really interested to see not only Huso's response,
but St. Louis' response.
But usually teams take on the identity of their coach.
And Berube, although ticked off, you know he's like,
guys, put it behind us.
We've still got a series to win here.
If you want to hit them where it hurts,
you fucking take care of business on the ice. but what was the other last thing we uh we taught oh macar so you you think he's a bit banged up right now based on the first two games um he just didn't look like
himself now the thing is it's it's kind of unfair to just discredit st louis and say they have
nothing to do with slowing them down a little bit.
But you mentioned like going into the post.
And I mean, it's just it's just difficult as the playoffs go on.
It can't even it could be an injury that nobody even knows about.
Something that happened so minor that just ends up killing you.
And you're playing every other night.
You're battling through it.
And he's playing 30 minutes a night.
But, you know, I wasn't able to see.
I saw the 10 minute mini game of the Saturday night tilt in game three,
but I didn't get to see it.
But you told me on the phone, like, he was back to his dominant self,
just making the easy play and also just looking a little more smooth.
Where he's so dominant is at the offensive blue line.
If he gets a little bit of separation from that forward
oftentimes he'll cock it and and be loaded to shoot it and as soon as he sees that forward
freeze he can jolt one way or the other and he's so quick out of the gate that all of a sudden
just with that forward stalling to respect the shot he's able to create enough
separation to either open up a shot lane or a passing lane or in some cases enough room to
where he can legit just sneak in and get a better quality scoring chance on net in the slot area
you saw one of them that he was maybe a little bit outside the house on the right side where he
didn't have the best angle, but nonetheless,
still a massive threat and definitely looked more like himself from the first round we saw against Nashville.
So we're going to look forward to game four here.
It's going to be going on tonight.
There's a few big ones because we got Florida and Tampa in a back-to-back
situation, which can close things out.
Now, R.A.,
I'm pretty much done on St. Louis and Colorado
unless you had something else to say.
I guess one more last note.
Landeskog, he might be their best forward overall right now
for the Colorado Avalanche.
He's winning so many fucking puck battles.
He is so good on retrievals, making the big plays when he has to.
He looks like he's worth every goddamn cent.
Some of you were worried that they paid him.
And in terms of him, Biz, this is why if you're able to have such a dominant regular season,
he was able to get that knee surgery, right?
You know, if you're a team fighting to get into the playoffs, he wouldn't have been able to do that. He got the knee surgery,
probably feels so much better on the ice
now. He's able to get the rest. He
is more rested. Now, granted, you're coming off a surgery,
so it's not like you've been sitting around completely
just resting up, but luckily
for them and them getting ahead and all those
points, and they didn't get the President's Trophy, but who
gives a shit? He was able to get that
surgery, and now he looks unreal.
And he's a real leader too
he's the leader of that team you can tell every single time he's on the ice look for Bo Byram to
step up he has been tremendous I know that he's in a maybe a little bit more of a backed up role
where he can play underneath some of those defensemen that we've mentioned but in the absence
of Gerard very similar type player where he can move the puck.
He can get up ice.
He's a great skater.
He also defends well.
I'm looking for this young buck to get going.
And because of the physicality and everything going on,
I'm curious if Curtis McDermott gets in the lineup.
That was a massive, massive signing.
I play with this guy in Ontario with the rain.
He is a fucking killer.
Top five toughest guys in the league.
And Joe Sackick did an incredible job to address toughness in the offseason.
For these situations in particular,
very interested to see if he draws in as that sixth defenseman now.
Quick warning.
Edmonton's just going on the power play right now after a hook to Trevor Lewis so if
I scream I scream all right if he dies he dies oh there's Jared Bednar did say either Jack Johnson
Ryan Murray or Curtis McDermott was going to replace Gerard so we'll wait and see what happens
there and also to piggyback on your point about all these assholes um saying racist shit to Cadre
Peter Barr who covers the avalanche for the athletics said the avalanche organization is aware of threats made toward nazem cadre and is working with local law
enforcement to investigate so he's a great reporter he was all over all the water bottle gate
yeah he's he's can we get local law enforcement into who's sending tweets out with my pants
oh shit all right before we get to the next series,
we want to let you know that GameTime is the exclusive ticketing partner
of Barstool Sports.
GameTime is a new ticketing app that makes it easier than ever
to score last-minute deals on tickets to sports, concerts, and shows,
and they guarantee the lowest price.
They crack the code on how to score deals on last-minute tickets.
Me and G been doing this all playoffs.
G, what'd you go to? about three broins games already so far well i went to one but i actually
used the game time app for this weekend going to a lumineers show i love the lumineers great band
but i'm going this weekend and i used the game time app nice i'm gonna be all over it today i'm
gonna try to get a couple tickets for the celts tonight big game versus miami across the street
so i'm gonna try to get over there it It's the biggest last-minute price drops that you can find on the internet
for seats that you thought you could never buy.
Before game time, it was a real roll of dice because you didn't know
who you were dealing with, all kinds of shady characters out in front of the barn.
No more. Those days are over.
You can trust game time because they get it done.
Download the game time app, go to the account tab to create a login,
and redeem the code chicklets for 20 off
your first purchase terms apply once again download game time last minute tickets lowest price
guaranteed tampa florida man what a disappointment this series is bad wow
tampa slapped a 5-1 beaten on florida sunday to take a commanding 3-0 series lead. The Panthers had 35 shots on that visit.
Didn't seem like it at all.
I mean, this team did not look desperate.
I mean, they're about to go down 3-0.
Season's about to go down the shitter.
And they just didn't look like they were playing with any sort of
desperation whatsoever.
Corey Perry, man, fifth goal of the playoffs.
He's tied for the team lead.
Just keeps getting it done.
But we'll go to you first.
What the fuck's up with Florida, man? Why, why are they so bad?
Like why they look so awful.
I think there's a couple of different things. Say,
let's say three things jump out to me. They're all pretty obvious.
The power play. Yeah. They got one today. Sam Reinhardt cut them on the board,
but Holy shit. I mean, you start a playoff over 27 or whatever it was.
It's it's just, there's no chance you're going to win.
It's just it's so important.
It's so hard to get offense going five on five in this game now.
And that's the one chance you have.
And you have so much skill.
You're a team who scored four goals a game in the regular season.
And you just throw up an absolute donut through fucking what?
Through eight games in the playoffs.
They didn't score a goal.
It's just,
it's so unacceptable.
I can't believe how it went down in terms of the power play.
Second thing being,
I almost want an apology from all you,
all you guys picked the Panthers,
right?
I picked the Panthers in five.
I had Tampa.
Okay.
I did.
I picked the,
I picked the Panthers,
but I originally had Tampaa and i switched my
all right so busy granelli can apologize to ra and myself blame me for fucking making you change
your mind g i think you just do such a good job biz at convincing our listeners your points that
yes yes i will blame you but that's just because you're such a good analyst show hands play a
little game at home everybody listening did you think not after shitting the bed on the power play in the first round
and getting a little bit of a break, they would have made a couple of adjustments
and one of the hottest power plays in the league all season long
with as many guns as they have on that team,
would they not have at least got the power play going
among anything that happened in the first round?
Show of hands.
Whit? Yeah, I thought their power play was going to get going, among anything that happened in the first round. Show of hands. Witt?
Yeah, I thought their power play was going to get going,
but let me say this, dude.
It took them until game three to throw Hornquist in front of the net.
The guy's been in front of the net on the power play
what seems like 15 years in the NHL.
Finally, they throw him out there.
They get a goal.
And listen, they could have tied that game up today.
They're down 2-1, and Hornquist makes a difference in front.
Waxway, it ends up going to Huberto.
Wide open net.
Ryan McDonough.
The shaft of his stick.
And that goes back to the point when I kind of interrupted myself
and looking for an apology from the Panthers pickers.
This Tampa Bay team, guys, what did I say?
I got a DM from Stephen Camp for our buddy, former Bruin, longtime pro.
You're a genius.
You said never bet against Tampa.
You don't fuck with this team.
They don't even have Braden Point and they're doing this.
And what is amazing is Toronto took them to the limit.
Toronto had them.
They had them fucking this close.
And this team, they're champions.
They every single detail, dude.
They block shots.
They get pucks out.
They get on the defensive side.
They do what it takes to win.
They sacrifice their body.
The list goes on and on.
They're fast.
They're strong.
They're mean.
They're tough.
It is such a difficult team to play against that the Panthers,
who made it look pretty difficult against a weak Washington team,
Washington, maybe they played better than we thought.
Maybe Florida just isn't that good.
Maybe Florida had no chance in the playoffs with the roster they assembled,
which is shocking on the season they had.
But Tampa Bay, dude, I mean, how much can you say about one team?
They don't even have their best player.
And what happens? Kucherov steps up.
He's looked phenomenal.
And my biggest point, back to not my biggest point, but the third one I'll say, we got off these airwaves Wednesday night and I was fuming,
fuming at an Edmonton Oilers defenseman who decided to leave the front of the net,
jump to the back of the net, and all of a sudden leave the front wide open for an easy Calgary
Flames goal. Oh my God. And Mackenzie Wieger in game two.
They've played a pretty solid game.
It's 1-1.
You've got this team.
You're going to overtime.
20 seconds, whatever it is.
And for no reason, he leaves the front.
And you're not just leaving the front to maybe go to a fourth liner as the puck.
And even then, it wouldn't make sense.
It's Nikita Kucherov who does this beautiful shoulder check as the puck's even then it wouldn't make sense it's nikita kucherov who does this beautiful
shoulder check as the pucks rimming along the wall and he looks and sees wieger leave for no reason
a wieger what a season he had he's a great player he's gonna make a ton of money but oh what's he
doing kucherov makes a sick dish that ross colton said i saw it was him i knew i was getting it and
he buries it far down and you're're sitting there. I was sitting there.
I gasped.
I sent out a tweet.
The tweet made no sense.
Oh, my God.
Series over.
Oh, my God.
What just happened?
I can't believe what just happened.
It is amazing to think of that kind of mental mistake.
Last minute in a game in a second round playoff series.
Never leave the front of that.
And it was right after we said it the next evening, excuse me.
So it's been a comical list of errors for this Panthers team.
And in the end, you look at Kucherov, Vasilevsky, and Hedman,
and these fucking guys know how to win.
What else is there to say?
Well, first of all, great breakdown.
And before I talk about the Florida Fugazis,
and I will decrown the Rangers as being the Fugazis
because the real Fugazis are in the south of Florida.
Let me pull out my hotel lotion here.
Put them on both hands.
Put the fucking lotion in the basket.
Let me put on some mascara and just stroke this Tampa Bay Lightning team off
with both my wrists
and a little...
They already have two rings, these guys, this core group.
What we saw in game seven, the third period,
them laying out and blocking shots,
they have brought it over to the second round
and completely put their lives on the line
in order to win another series against what we thought,
or at least I thought, was a superior team.
Let's start in net.
Vasilevsky, since that game, game seven, allowed one goal.
Game one against Florida, allowed one goal.
Game two, one goal.
Game three, one goal. Game three, one goal.
You can't beat him.
He is a fucking alien from outer space.
You cannot convince me otherwise.
He is locked and loaded.
I want to first apologize to him for doubting him
and the fact that I thought that the Panthers
were going to beat them in five.
In five, folks.
Five.
The back end.
Seven guys. Koop's gone with seven defensemen the entire series
I was a little shocked I I know wit and you know what I'll throw it back over to you
I hated going seven defensemen hated it when you're a d-man it's the worst thing in the world
but these guys it seems like they're just so dialed thriving on it it's like mcdonough
mcdonough cernak and headman and then the rest of the four are kind of you know what i mean then
you got sergachev who uh by the way on the route of play when he cleared out the goal line he had
three guys on his side of the net they're laying out blocking shots you mentioned mcdonough stick
in the lane with the wide open net for huberdo you saw tonight when vasileski didn't see that shot coming in from the point in game three
he ends up blocking it with his knee the the attention to detail that this tampa bay lightning
team has right now is fucking nuts you you would think that florida would have it considering they
haven't won jack shit no the champs came to play.
And as far as the guys up front, not only is it the Malkin Sid type situation where you have point, you have Kucherov.
Two of the most dynamic offensive players in the world.
Well, it's sure as shit.
It's hard to cover both of them.
Well, when one goes down, you're like, oh, well, now a lot of the focus is going to be on Kucherov.
He has elevated his game.
Even after going through the flu game six and seven,
he's been the best forward in the series, bar none.
Making every play, the key moments,
shifting over to Florida on the eventual backbreaker,
the Stamkos goal, the third goal in game three.
Horrible fucking change. They beat four guys with one pass up the ice. He comes inside the
blue line, shimmy shakes a little bit, slides it right over in Stamkos' breadbasket. He ain't
fucking missing that one timer. Stamkos, game two. Hey, Bob almost had it too. Got to show him a Bob.
Hasn't been an issue at all.
That was a question mark.
No Stamkos three times.
He went down the tunnel in game two from blocking shots and laying his
body on the line to Stanley cups already still doing it.
And then you go,
you know,
I can't switch over to Florida yet.
Cause I'm not done stroking guys off.
You talked about the depth.
Who are the leading goal scorers for the Tampa Bay lightning right now with five a piece,
Ross Colton and Corey Perry. What did Corey Perry cost you in the off season?
A million bucks. You know how many people thought this guy had no game left?
Ryan Callahan tweeted out like, wow, a bunch of GMs are just shaking their heads. How much
would he have helped them? You don't think Florida could use them?
Only good teams, right?
Like, you know, if you're a team that knew you were going to struggle,
it doesn't make sense.
But if you're looking to win a cup, bring them in for the fourth line,
power play.
Look what he's doing.
How about Paul?
How about Nick Paul early in that game getting hit in the corner?
You know what it looked like?
It looked like a grade one AC, maybe a grade two AC separation.
Right back out the tunnel, battling it out right to the final whistle.
I'm going to go over to Florida now.
Pathetic.
Pathetic.
Nobody's making plays.
Nobody's sacrificing.
Nobody's blocking shots.
The power play is dog shit.
They're a one-trick pony.
Three goals for the best offense in the national hockey league so far in these playoffs against a team that had to go seven
that lost their best player all the hockey that they've played you think that florida would have
the energy in the balls to be able to lay out and block some fucking shots they have no offensive rhythm their feng shui is completely off they are all out of whack once again to the tampa bay fans
my apologies i'm putting on the clown nose after i've done giving you the fucking deep
throat special my fucking wrists or i get the casts on bravo to the fucking tampa bay lightning
my apologies i'm a clown all. Sorry for getting so emotional here.
And if they can close this out tonight,
I mean, oh, the rest for the injuries.
You know, these guys are all battling injuries.
A little more time for point.
It's just I now granted we have no idea if point even has a chance of coming back.
But wow.
The fact that they go up three nothing in this after what they went through
in the first round is shocking.
And Edmonton's going back to the power play.
The one thing I will say, Carter Verhege, I call him Carl.
He must be hurt.
Definitely he's got to be hurt.
The only reason that Florida got out of the first round was because he showed up.
That game where they went down 3-0, where they would have went down three, one in the series.
He had five points in that one. If he didn't show up in that game,
they were going home because we have not seen the Huberto.
We have not seen the Barkov that we have seen from the regular season.
And I think they're both top tier top.
I think they're both top 15 to 20 players in the entire world,
but playoff hockey has them right now by the gonads and it won't let go.
Yeah.
And today's game,
Paul,
uh,
Huberto,
Bokov and Jerome were combined minus 10.
I know people could give a take plus minus,
but it's pretty significant to have three guys combined minus 10.
Uh,
also,
uh,
there were no lineup changes after the, of a no-show in game one.
I know Merle's mentioned that, like, they really made no adjustments.
They didn't do any lineup change.
You would have thought maybe inject some sort of new blood,
maybe even throw Joe Thornton out there.
For the power play specifically?
That too.
And it just, again, like what I mentioned before,
Tampa has a pretty distinct advantage coaching-wise,
and that's not a distorted brunette.
He's new to the game.
And I think we're seeing this play,
play and playing out in this series,
right?
You know what,
all right.
You know what Coop said before the series,
he says,
it's not about what's going on,
like on the ice and,
and,
and skill wise out there.
It's more about what's going on between the years.
And I don't know what type of mental torpedo he was throwing over to the
Florida team when he said that, but it fucking landed.
And it is the,
the mind torpedo has exploded and the other side is shook.
Um, and back to Vasilevsky and you talked about the, the, the,
the changes in game three, um, they did end up having that Mammon,
the kid from Moscow,
Russia,
Russia,
who had a pretty decent regular season,
big body.
He had a breakaway at the start of that game and Vasilevsky stopped them.
And then I think it was either Reinhardt or Bennett.
I want to say Reinhardt right in front of the net early on wide open on a
pizza in the middle of the ice.
And he had a crack at it and he stood
tall in order to keep the minute early on to give that team the confidence so one other thing that
we missed on the the colorado st louis game was did you think that that play was offside the first
goal by o'connor when he jumped in the air yeah i was very surprised that i did that very definitely
did challenge it but what's weird is like so many people were saying because i was very surprised that i did that very definitely did challenge it but what's weird is
like so many people were saying because i was on like kind of twitter and they're like
for them not to challenge it it's almost like they knew right i i feel i'm just surprised we
can't get a a blue line angle there like why can't we get the angle of the blue line you see
it in so many situations when there are off sides but in this one you couldn't get the proper angle so you would never actually know whether the puck
was still before the blue line uh before or excuse me after that O'Connor had entered the zone so
I know I jumped around a little bit there but anyway just just a chaotic chaotic uh start to this series for the florida fans no doubt
speaking of chaotic the oilers just outshot the flames 20 to 7 in the first period the game was
the game's insane mcdavid's flying around he could have four points markstrom's made some big saves
so sorry we need it we needed uh we needed him to figure it out all right before we get to the next series
the nhl playoffs are here and on top of that it's bachelor party season so the drinks are flowing
so make sure you wake up feeling your best with no days wasted they've got the ultimate vitamin
for when you drink it's called dhm detox biz hit it what do you mean the vitamin for people that
drink oh yeah you know the drill the all natural supplement that breaks down the toxins of the alcohol before they get to your liver this
thing guys i don't know if i've ever told you but i passed it out at a wedding one time and uh i got
texts the next day being like what was that you gave me and i said the ecstasy they're like no
the other thing and i said oh that's d detox. That's the all natural vitamin for people that
drink that breaks down the toxins of the alcohol before they get to your liver. And that's why
today you're not hung over and why you want to get back on the piss. It's very easy guys. It comes
in a pack that has two of a minute and you take one pack for every 10 beverages. Usually after
your first drink or two, you drink it with a half a glass of water and you just let
it go to work that's it it's that easy you put it in your pocket you go to the bar you go to a house
party you go wherever you got to go with it and you take it like that and not just that under the
no no days wasted umbrella they have other things they have uh they have the gummies that have
vitamin d they have uh the other gummies that i'm drawing a blank as to what those have in them.
There's two of them. Grinnelli, if you could maybe look it up and help me out. They also have the
hydration replenisher that comes now in about three or four different flavors. I like the
watermelon specifically. And I even take the hydration replenisher just on a day-to-day basis,
just for like when I'm working out to replenish like the salts and all the other things that I
need in my body in order to feel primed and ready to go and deliver the goods on the podcast. So shout out
you're delivering the shit out of the goods tonight. DHM detox, no days wasted. And RA,
why don't you give them the biz 20 promo code and the website where they can go purchase this.
And I continually get DMS and texts about this stuff, not just after the wedding,
but how amazing this supplement is.
And thank you very much for listening to me.
And if you need DHM Detox delivered quick, No Days Wasted is now on GoPuff.
So that means delivery to your house, a party, or the bar in 30 minutes or less.
Just head over to GoPuff and search No Days Wasted.
Also, head to NoDaysWasted.co and use the promo code biz 20 for 20 off
once again that's no days wasted.co for no days wasted after drinking with biz 20 not a big deal
all right gang moving right along here going over to the rangers carolina man carolina talk about a
different team on the road and at home.
The Rangers got themselves right back into the series with a 3-1 win on Sunday at MSG.
Igor Shostakhin stopped 43 of 44 shots to backbone the victory.
Carolina, 6-0 at home, now 0-4 on the road.
Anthony Ranto's great.
He stopped 30 of 32 shots, but the Rangers needed this win.
They got it done.
Biz, let's go.
I know your favorite fan base in the world.
Can I say quickly one thing, Biz?
Yep.
Just quickly, Biz.
Yep, yep, yep, yep, yep.
It's not 0-4 on the road, yes.
They were horrific in all three games on the road against Boston.
They played fucking great today.
They did.
They played.
Shostakhin was an animal.
I just wanted to say that.
That was a game where I think Brindamore's in the locker room like,
boys, we don't have issues on the road anymore. Yeah, we haven't won, but that was an animal I just wanted to say that that was a game where I think Brindamore's in the locker room like boys we don't have issues on the road anymore yeah we haven't won but that was an effort yeah and um I guess we've already talked about game one in which
Capococco could have sealed but didn't because you know they're fugazis not the original fugazis
now they're the second tier fugazis um I guess when you talk about Carolina, you could talk about Antti Ranta and what he's done,
able to bounce back from injury. I know I've been critical of the fact of he can't stay healthy,
but he has, and that's huge. And he's been making some 10-bell saves post-to-post,
one of the best goalies in the league as far as his athleticism. But you also, with that,
much like we did with Tampa credit the overall defensive game they
allowed the fewest amount of goals all season long because of the way they play in their own end
they all play as a five-man unit they there's no hesitation to their game they know exactly what
their duties are and they close on you and they pin you and get the puck stopped and retrieve it
and make a play to get out of their zone in no time.
And they did that in both home games.
And that's why they only allowed one goal.
Shout out to Brendan Smith.
And I know some of you Fugazi Ranger fans were like,
you don't even know the whole story.
You put Brendan Smith on waivers and I get that he ended up spending the rest
of his time in the organization and up with the team,
but one man's trash is another man's treasure.
And he fucking made you pay for the disrespect you showed him in game two by
scoring on a shorthanded goal on your shitty Fugazi power play,
which I told you,
remember I told them with,
I complimented Crider on his regular season and how many power play goals which I told you, remember I told them with, I complimented Kreider on his regular
season and how many power play goals he scored. I said, they had a wonderful power play in the
regular season, but it would dry up like a nun's cunt. And it has, and they gave one up in game
two and it ended up being the game winner. And I couldn't be happier about it. Why? Why? Because
they're fugazis And congratulations to them.
They hung their goalie, Shosturkin, out to dry again,
and he was able to collect it.
And you know what?
I want you to roll the clip of the, what do you call the guy,
the translator.
He can't speak fluent English.
And I really want to commend Shosturkin on his post-game comments
about pumping up the fans' tires about the energy that they provided him.
I'd honestly like to thank the fans for the energy they provided.
They supported me, even though I kind of let them down in that one spot.
But the energy at MSG is always great.
They're always charged up, and I can't thank them more for that.
I mean, buddy.
Well said, Igor.
Holy fuck.
You know, it makes me not want to taunt him, but I still will.
I'm going to be doing that every game from here on out at a chance that he gets in his
head, but it probably won't because he's an elite goaltender.
But as we know that overall team and how much they like to give up those high-danger scoring chance,
they're going to hang them out to dry.
It's just a matter of time.
So the only other real thing I want to say about the entire series
is that they need to figure out a way to win on the road.
Pivotal game four, get one there, and then close it out at home.
And you said, you said,
Jan said that they probably will never lose another home game for the
remainder of this run.
That's coming out of an NHL or who has played there and understands how
hostile that environment is.
So shout out to them.
I don't know what happened at the end of the game with Max Domi.
I didn't catch it.
I was down grabbing a steamer.
I saw it.
He gave Lindgren a really
hard cross check as the buzzer went off.
But for Gallant to
be that upset after,
Lindgren then ragdolled him.
He gave a shot
that was maybe a little unnecessary. He's pissed
off that he's lost. But after that,
it just became kind of a wrestling match.
Lindgren slammed him down.
And I guess it just really upset Gallant
enough to bring it up
and almost give the quiet threat of like,
yo, we got number 75 in our locker room.
We'll punch anyone's head in.
So you want to fucking play that game,
we'll play that game.
But if you see the clip,
it wasn't like,
I think if you see Gallant's conference,
press conference,
you'll think,
and then you'll see the video,
you'll be like,
oh, that wasn't even that bad.
Well, let's roll the clip from the press conference, you'll think, and then you'll see the video, you'll be like, oh, that wasn't even that bad. Well, let's roll the clip from the press conference.
You didn't seem too happy at the end with the angel.
No, I wasn't happy with the bullst at the end of the game
that they initiated.
We didn't do that when the games were close.
They put their guys on, that's fine.
If they want to play like that, we got the guys that can match up.
It was pretty standard in the playoffs, though.
Did you believe in that at all?
I don't like it at the end of the game.
The game's over. We've still got
four games to go with those guys.
They're not sending any messages. We've got the guy that can
handle all their guys if we want to.
We didn't do it
like that, but they only took a cheap shot
of their defenseman.
You've got a long
memory in this. you think about things and
like I said might be on the other foot someday so now if you can go watch the video I mean Domi
gave a shot I think it's the end of a playoff game I think Gallant's main point was we didn't
do any of that at the end of the games we lost um my question for Rangers fans and for everyone
watching this series is Panarin's obviously injured right I? I mean, it's a Benajan.
It's a Benajan.
Crider were catching a little heat this series.
They both scored today.
Criders was a snipe.
Amazingly, Crider missed a wide open net to seal the game.
I was with, and there was still two minutes and 10 seconds of,
I said, oh my God,
I would have gave up my first,
first born child that they would have lost that game.
Oh my God.
If they, if he would have missed that and they would have came back and
tied it, it would have been the capo caco special yeah so he snipes one bar down in the first
period and then he like can't hit a wide open net it was crazy but they couldn't get the equalizer
but panarin wow i mean he's not making anything happen he has to be injured i mean I mean, the way he's played in the regular season
and what he's done in the playoffs, there's just no other answer for it.
Would you agree?
Their kid line's been the best overall line this playoffs, I would say.
And I know I was just chirping Capo Caco,
but I think him, Hedl, and Lafreniere have been their overall,
their most consistent line.
R.A., anything that you got on this series?
Just Gallant and Tony D going at it at the end of the game.
Like, go fuck yourself.
They were having a big old fuck you match.
Oh, were they?
Going back and forth.
Oh, yeah.
Yeah, they were telling each other, go fuck yourselves,
going back and forth.
It was a pretty animated discussion between the two of them.
Well, I mean, the crowd was giving it the fuck you tony
fuck you tony and that's one of the storylines coming to this one and i know i joked about
this going to five or excuse me this going to uh ending it in four and then him leaving a
cleveland steamer on the logo at center ice maybe at this at this point it might actually be a
reality the amount that they hate
each other between New York Rangers fans maybe even the organization and Tony Giangelo so this
is a a great backup storyline to the overall series itself R.A. Oh absolutely it's it's great
drama I mean I'm I'm obviously hoping you know I don't want I'm not rooting for the Rangers but
you obviously want a six or seven game series I mean I'd like to see it go as far as it can.
What do you got for us, G?
I want the Rangers.
I think the Rangers is good for us.
I think it's good for the NHL.
It ain't good for biz.
It ain't good for biz, but it's good for t-shirt sales too.
Oh, fuck.
Yeah.
Oh, here we fucking go.
There's always a fucking angle with DJs up there in the top left.
Hey, sold.
I'm going to buy them all.
I'm going to bring them to Times Square, and I'm going to fucking burn them.
And then I'm going to have Tony D'Angelo drop the Cleveland Steamer on them
before he leaves town.
Fucking Rangers fans.
Bunch of Fugazis.
Oh, and yeah, fake Gretzky.
I'll wear your jersey on the next broadcast.
And speaking of Gretzky, though, he was actually at game three.
So he probably.
Singing the Beatles with Janet.
Was he?
Oh, the goat.
Yeah, one of the breaks, they were just.
I think it was, I'm a believer.
Like the song from Shrek.
Is that a Beatles song, R.A.?
I thought that was Smash Mouth.
I'm a believer.
That's the monkey, right?
It is.
Oh, my God. It's a Smash Mouth. I'm a believer that's the monkeys, right? It is. Oh, my God.
It's a Smash Mouth song, I just said.
Oh.
I actually think the Beatles honestly like Smash Mouth, though.
I can't stand the Beatles music.
I don't like any of their songs.
I like maybe one of their songs.
Wayno had the Canadian tuxedo on, too.
What a legend.
Dude, one time for Brian Yandel's bachelor party, Fairway Falls.
This was when we were young.
Yandel got married when he was 12.
We went to Vegas. It was everyone's first
trip to Vegas. And we were
talking about what we were going to do. And Foles was like,
guys, guys, I got the first night planned.
And he's 100 serious. He's like,
Smash Mouth's playing at our
hotel. It'll be unreal. We'll catch that
concert and then go out. We were like,
it was like
when the car comes
screeching to a halt in like a group chat tell me the world is hey now i'm an all-star get your game
on go play smash mouth came to plymouth state though and after they played a concert they came
to my house and partied all night they were uh they're rinsed yeah oh yeah and they were also
trying to get us to to drive art across the country for them they were super they're rinsed yeah oh yeah and they were also trying to get us to to drive
art across the country for them they were super super weird guys damn um all right boys could
have never guessed that for everyone listening we're going to put this in can we go watch the
second and third yes all right so we're going to catch the end of this. Oh, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. I almost forgot.
I almost forgot.
Rangers fans were complaining because they limited tickets at PNC Arena
for games one and two in Carolina.
Okay.
For what?
Out of town fans?
I guess people from New York State.
For what? Out of town fans?
I guess people from New York State. So this obnoxious asshole lady with a cowbell shows up wearing an NYPD hat.
The Rangers post this lady to their social media.
She's all happy having a gay old time.
Sure as shit. Life comes at you fast you see a carolina hurricanes
fan with a photo of a sign that says i'm with stupid it's directed at her can i pray you're
you're posting this clip right now and people can see it and she's standing up with her obnoxious
self pointing at the lady with the sign.
And then next thing you know, she's getting the na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na.
Hey, hey, hey, hey.
Goodbye.
Get out of our arena.
He gets pigeon tossed.
By the way, you go to into solitary confinement
if you bring a cowbell to a game especially on the road so she does the loser walk up the stairs
in on the concourse she decides to throw the only body check that the team had done all night
because they were hemmed in their own fucking defensive zone try to chase the carolina hurricanes around because they're fucking liability
in their own end and they throw the cuffs on her and she's probably still in the clink so that's
why they don't want you down there you guys are pathetic let's go hurricanes let's go Kate! Let's go Kate!
Canes at five.
It's fucking hilarious, bitch. She's
got an NYPD hat on, and then she
fucking commits assault and battery on a police officer
like in the hallway.
Fucking what a clown, but
before we get to the Battle of Alberta, we have
a message from our new friends at Skrill.
Skrill is the best digital
wallet for gamblers because
it was built for gamblers. Sophisticated gamblers use it to manage their bankroll,
whether they are playing games like poker or betting on their favorite sports.
They manage their bankroll using the wallet, which allows them to pay instantly and securely.
It's payments without limits, basically. You can access your bankroll with instant deposits and withdrawals
and also draw the cash using your prepaid card.
This gives you access to your bankroll wherever you are in the world
in any currency.
Skrill thinks about your security relentlessly,
so you don't have to share your private financial details needlessly
or repeatedly.
So go to skrill.com slash Bostool.
Sign up now.
The first 100 customers to sign up this week get a 50 bonus in their Skrill account.
Terms and conditions do apply.
Once more, it's Skrill.com slash Barstool.
And we're coming to you fresh off of game three,
and it was the Evander Kane show in Edmonton as the mid-season pickup had a natural hat trick
in six minutes in the second period of a four to one Oilers win and they now lead the series two
to one Kane now has 10 playoff goals leads the NHL of course McDavid three assists unbelievable
six goals 17 assists in 10 games he has 23 points right now it would have led the NHL
playoff scoring in 2011, 2012, 2015, and
2019. He's played 10 friggin' games.
He's also the first player in NHL
history with nine multi-point games
within the first 10 contests of a single
postseason. This guy's rewriting
the books. We're going to go to you in a
second. I thought it was a horrible call
on Milan Lucic. They called him charging.
I don't know if Calgary was going to come back or not, but that
cut them off at the knees. Any chance they had of coming back?
Bullshit call. I thought it kind of...
They weren't coming back. Well, they
definitely weren't after that, but let's go to you, Mr.
Oyla. What do you got for us, buddy?
Wow.
Wow is all I can
say. Biz,
let me tell everyone
at home.
Biz just said,
Hey,
I think I'm going to let you take the Edmonton Calgary series.
You think,
you think biz it's an absolute drumming.
The last two games,
biz just said,
guys,
Hey,
gee,
I saved my, my recording from the first half of the show.
I'm a step ahead of the game biz.
I already saved mine and sent it to him to,
to, to fix the podcast.
That's how ahead of Edmonton, Calgary is.
And me ahead of you right now.
You got that shaved head, middle of the shaved head on national TV, TNT.
You're going to look like a fool.
Connor McDavid right now.
Biz, even you, you're over there just dreaming of having a player like that.
I need to shave the top of my head.
If only I had a Conor McDavid.
Game two started off horrifically.
Not as bad as game one, but either way, bad start.
Two-nothing.
What does McDavid do?
One hand behind the net gives it out to
Duncan Keith. We're back in the game.
And Duncan Keith, at
times during the year, did he
struggle? Yeah. You know, he's getting
older, not his best season.
This is why you bring in Duncan
Keith. Because you believe
you can get into the playoffs and you have a
guy with three Stanley Cups and gold medals
up the cornhole. And that's why. And all of a sudden, this guy's playing unreal.
McDavid starts that play. Then maybe the play of the playoffs. I'm an Oilers fan.
McDavid making Zdorov look like Whitney circa, I don't know, 2010 to 2014,
maybe 1993 even to 2000 when I retired.
He made Zdorov look like a scrub
and then gives it to Keith with just the sickest give and go
you've ever seen.
And boom, we're right back in the game.
I don't know what you're going to do
because this was the whole goal.
The Oilers, right? It was a struggle. It was a question mark. Mike Smith, Biz, you actually always said you believed in him.
He's now in a groove. And we were just like, just get us in. And we have McDavid.
Who the, you can, McDavid could just win the cup. Right now you have no answers.
Your team looks flat. Your team looks weak.
Your team looks pathetic, really, in the last, what, game and a half?
Maybe two.
Yeah, not the whole game, too.
That's five periods.
We own your ass.
And I don't really know where you go from here because Markstrom's struggling.
You know, that's your man, right? But you're kind of panicked.
Like, this is our Vezna style, you know, type goalie.
I don't know.
Goudreau and Kachuk and those guys.
I don't know, buddy.
I don't know.
So I know one thing.
You're nervous.
And I tweeted, you're shaking in your boots.
Use boots from when you bought a piece of leather,
old pleather boots from Carl from Calgary in the parking lot of the Stampede.
You still wear
these fucking things too you're shaking in those boots and i can just tell looking at you don't
know what your team's gonna do mind you folks sunday may 22nd paul bissonette he wants the
rangers lose he wants the panthers lose he He really needs the Flames. Loss.
So talk to me about your Dave.
I didn't want the Rangers,
you fucking idiot. I wanted Carolina.
So you misspoke, you dumbass.
I would have crushed the whole thing, Grinelli.
I don't know why
the Calgary Flames decided
that they wanted to play pawn hockey with the
Edmonton Oilers from the start of this series.
I thought that game one was a shit show,
and I thought they would have learned their lesson.
I am  hey, listen, I've never been a head coach before.
I would have been nervous as shit and probably pulled Markstrom
at the end of the second period come game one.
But, hey, Sutter made the right call.
He stuck with him.
They tied up the game a minute into the third period,
and then they come storming back and finally win that game i'm like oh you laid you laid a hot steaming pile of dog
shit and you got out alive then game two boom boom two goal lead in the first period they're
fucking laughing all of a sudden backland he gets a half break away and he over stick and bobbles it and I said, motherfucker.
The minute that he over
bobbled that, I said, oh no. I said,
we're going to find ourselves in a game one
type of situation. We're going to try to go
back to playing Edmonton Oilers
hockey. Up and down the ice.
High flying. Turn over
here. Mismanaging the puck there.
The lack of details to Calgary's game compared to the regular season,
it is mind-numbing from a fan perspective.
And when I say a fan perspective, I watched a ton of Leafs games
and I watched a ton of Calgary games.
I don't understand why they're trying to defend McDavid and dry side all the
way they're doing it.
They don't have many other guys on the deeper lines.
I think that Edmonton has a vulnerable backend.
I questioned Mike Smith,
although he's playing like the Mike Smith that I saw when we made our run to
the conference finals,
where he's got all the confidence in the world.
You could just tell by his fucking beady eyes and net through those cat eyes
and his goalie mask then they get up 3-1 in game two and then right back to mcdavid he ends up
scoring that goal sorry dry sidle scored the goal and we got to get into this conversation it was a
bit of a shit show with all the the disallowed goals i thought that edmonton got hosed in the
first one edmonton got hosed because the puck wasn't
froze between Markstrom
having his paddle on it and Mark Stone
or excuse me, Mike Stone.
Is it Mike Stone?
In the crease. And they pull it
back so it's still the 3-1 lead.
And then
McDavid gets the goal disallowed in which
Dreisaitl ended up following up when
McDavid did run into the goal in Markstrom.
He did run into him and it was the proper call.
Yeah.
Once I saw the replay, I, I, I,
but no less than a minute later.
And this is my issue with the Calgary's back end right now,
which I loved all season long, big, strong,
commanded the front of the net.
Didn't give up a ton of high quality scoring chances.
What the fuck is adorov thinking,
lunging at McDavid the way that he did?
Just contain him.
Put your stick out, keep a stick length,
allow him to move that puck,
and then try to drive the net,
and then contain him there.
He lunges at him,
falls over with his big, dumb Whitney feet,
and then McDavid beats him to the net,
and then has all the time in the world
to fucking walk that in and just slide it around Markstrom.
And then as the Branson's trying to lunge in from the minute,
that goal that was let in, I knew they were going to lose that fucking game.
I think I even tweeted it out and then to come out and have the performance
that they did, not only after giving up that first goal in game three,
the game and puck management by Coleman on that second
goal as he crosses over the offensive blue line once again it's right back to why the fuck are
you trying to play pond hockey against the best pond hockey player team in the league if you give
McDavid and Dreisaitl that type of time and space and you don't want to manage the puck appropriately,
they're going to shove it right up your hoop as they did.
And listen, all the credit to Evander Kane for having the playoffs
that he has had, two hat tricks now, but buddy,
I could have scored those fucking goals playing with the dishes
that McDavid was feeding them over.
Forehand, backhand, right in the back of the the net and given with what markstrom did all season long i and and the fact that
sutter's as stubborn as he is i assume that he's going back to markstrom in game four
but if we see the same type of performance and listen he had a great first period but as far
as positioning wise maybe a little bit fish out of water and really
not the markstrom we saw all season long can we agree on that despite how many shots were on net
and maybe how much he was hung out to dry based on shots not the markstrom we've seen all season long
so give him the net in game four but if they manage the puck and they play the way they have so far
in this series, regardless if they won game one or not,
they are going to lose in five games to the Edmonton Oilers
and McJesus and crew.
Okay, Biz, can I ask you one question?
Sure, sure.
This is not the Calgary we saw in the regular season.
Okay, that's kind of my question.
They are playing down to Edmonton standards.
Florida North?
Florida North.
They are a shell of what they were in the regular season.
They were, I believe, first in the league at how many shots they allowed per game.
23.9 shots per game they allowed.
I will agree that Carolina had the better overall team defense
and allowed the least amount of goals.
But as far as shots allowed and quality scoring chances allowed,
Calgary was easily in the top three overall in all defensive numbers.
What we're seeing now is a team that has completely lost their mind.
I love Kachuk.
He needs to fuck off with the Ev with the evander kane chirping shit
fuck off well what's he gonna say now because kane just lit him up for a natural we got calgary
flames fans dumping money over the glass trying to taunt kane to leave him alone let him sleep
it ain't working he's dummying you so i'm disgusted let me ask you sure ask me a question i'm having a
meltdown yeah panthers uh fugazis a little bit and um i don't know though if it's more do we
give credit to tampa the same way i'm gonna say calgary may want to play their style hockey
defensive hockey limit the chances take advantage of turn, basically how they work over Edmonton
every time they play him in the regular season,
it felt like the past few years.
I think with McDavid at this level, he's breaking down their entire team.
That's fine.
But listen, the line that's on the ice is getting out chance.
It doesn't matter right now.
Like, this is what this guy is.
You know, you got NHL players texting each other, talking like, what the fuck are we watching out here?
Right.
We've seen some legendary runs in the playoffs.
And it's only how many times tonight of all.
Hold on.
It's only three games in the second round.
But what he's doing is so outer worldly.
It's so impressive that he's crushing the five guys on the ice for calgary
right and all of a sudden dude that game's just flowing right so the next line that comes out
you're exchanging chances they're getting power plays all of a sudden they're getting more momentum
so the way mcdavid's playing it he's literally fucking the entire flames game plan up on his own. Okay, I'll say one thing.
All praise to McJesus.
Out of the way.
Three things on the Calgary side.
Discipline.
Absolute dog shit discipline.
They're getting in a pissing contest.
Even when they have these leads,
they're just playing like fucking buffoons, okay?
When you have McDavid and Dreisaitl on the ice,
your game plan, regardless of who on the ice it should be,
you want to play in the offensive zone below the goal line
and not feed into their transition.
Enough with the high-risk type of passes and turning it over,
and then all of a sudden you have this massive amount of gap in space
so he can wind it up.
And listen, Calgary, other than Chillington,
does not have a mobile back end.
What makes Calgary good defensively is paying us a five-man unit,
and they ain't fucking doing that right now.
And on top of that, when you are defending McDavid and Dreisaitl,
and even though Dreisaitl, like we talked about his straight down
the ice speed, it's pretty good given the fact that
he's got an ankle injury he's actually looking better and better he's looking better and better
like it wasn't that serious which is scaring me even more you need to you need to defend him
skating forward you can't just fucking back up i talked to rick talking about it and he said like
he's like yo listen like i i understand that like you know we you know we didn't have a
fucking juggernaut the one year they ended up going to the bubble and beating nashville and
then they i think they lost in five games to to colorado they ended up sneaking out one win
because dark darcy kemper fucking played out of his mind but he said biz i had a winning record
against edmonton because i understood how you had to defend mc. And they did it last year with Winnipeg.
They did it too.
And I'm not saying he's playing to the same standards last year.
I'm not saying it's the same team either.
What I'm saying is they're playing him like a fucking buffoon.
So they're making it far easier for McJesus in order to do what he can do
on another scale.
They're feeding into that.
So I'm going to comment down here.
We should probably throw it over to R.A.,
but the way that they're playing their game compared to the regular season,
they're playing like morons.
And I'll tell you what, if Sutter doesn't have any adjustments,
they're fucked.
They're going to lose this series in five games if they play exactly
the way they've been playing. They are playing
like bozos.
Bozos.
I hear that anger.
All right, my question for you. Oh, quick
shout out, Zach Hyman.
Talk about what
you're thinking when you sign the guy.
He is, that goal
in game two, the breakaway to break.
A breakaway.
3-3 gets a fucking breakaway.
Short-handed game winner.
And he's barred down.
He looks great.
My question for you, R.A.
Yeah.
Give me recent or in your lifetime playoff performances like this
that you can relate to what McDavid's doing.
Lemieux and Gretzky.
I mean, yeah.
Literally, those are the only two to come to mind. that you can relate to what McDavid's doing. Lemieux and Gretzky. I mean, yeah. How crazy is that to say?
Two to come to mind.
I mean, it's obscene.
I mean, Biz, we were kind of on the same wavelength the other night.
You were on TNT, and you said,
we're seeing another Wayne Gretzky.
You gave some great words for him.
And I tweeted out, it might have been the same night,
I said, what a goddamn game.
I said, enjoy this now, folks.
I'm like, we're watching the best in the planet
build his legacy in real time. And it's's a privilege it's like when i was younger
man larry bird played with like i was a dumb teenager i didn't appreciate it as it was
happening no something's different like you just know like this is greatness as in real time like
this kid is there's no one like him since fucking 99 and 66 we're playing and we're getting to see
it and like that's why i want him to win mean, it's not about being an oilers fan.
It's about being a McDavid fan.
It's about wanting to see the best in the planet at the highest level,
trying to win the title,
man.
Like if you're watching hockey,
you,
how do you not root for this kid to get to the fucking finals,
man?
And I got goosebumps.
I got goosebumps today thinking of like the NHL and having McKinnon and
McDavid facing off to go to the cup.
I think it's going to happen.
I'm not confident at all.
I think Edmonton is going to win this.
But I was so not confident after game one.
And that's why as,
as,
as cocky as I'm being right now,
it's still like,
it's the,
the,
the,
the swings,
the swings as a fan in the playoff.
Like I've played,
I never would say since I played in the NHL,
I've,
I've been really a fan of any particular team.
I root for my friends, but I like when the Bruins are doing good,
living in Boston, you're going to games.
It's exciting in the city.
But this is my year as a fan of the Oilers.
RA, it's like after every game, this highest of highs,
and then you lose the next one.
It's the lowest of lows.
It's just now, granted, I have my ear and a disgusting earring.
By the way, my mom said to me tonight, she's over.
She's like, you can just get the fake earring.
I'm like, do you know what would happen to me
if they ended up found out that it wasn't even a legitimate earring?
Clip on.
I'd be booted off the internet forever.
So it's exciting.
It's crazy.
The plays tonight, I mean, the other thing about McDavid, like tonight was the same,
the same instance in the first period, he could have like six,
six more points, all these games.
There's actually like grade eight chances that, I mean,
Marshall's making saves or guys are blocking shots.
It's like, he has the puck.
He's cutting back and forth through everyone. Stop and going,
turning on a dime. There's actually nothing.
It doesn't matter what anyone does. They can't stop stop him and even when you seem to angle him off the
boards he's chucking like a backhander through a defender's legs all of a sudden to create a two
on one somewhere else it's it's out of this world it's it's it's very very enjoyable to watch right
now i'll summarize again you can't play track meet hockey against that team if you want to do it just
do it when mcnaven and dry sidle
aren't on the ice you have to be way more disciplined that that just the the amount of
just bonehead stupid mistakes has to be limited to cut it cut it in a third going back going back
to uh the the like from a fan perspective the game two everybody from a calgary standpoint
is complaining about that non-goal
fuck off with all this shit it's a wash everybody gets fucked in the playoffs both of them got
hosed and from a non-biased perspective going back to the luchage play it should have been a two
i understand why it was five it was a five because the referee is trying to manage the game
and he's saying if I
keep this guy in the game things could get ugly I don't think you could clearly see that Looch got
to a point where he put his hand there and was trying to stop himself Smitty got pushed off
balance if you're a Calgary fan you're saying oh the embellishment we've seen it before from Smith
no I ain't even gonna go there either it was It was just a mistake. It was an ugly collision.
He goes to concussion protocol.
He shouldn't be suspended.
Give him the five.
The game was out of reach anyway.
So it's all a wash.
Enough with fucking complaining about the calls.
Edmonton's up 2-1, fair and square.
Calgary needs to bring their A game on the road.
And shout out to Ben.
Ben's been their good luck charm all season long.
Play La Bamba.
I'm happy for that kid.
And he's obviously given them that extra little mojo that they deserve right now.
And all the credit to Edmonton and what they're doing to my Calgary Flames.
Hey, did you see that?
Layla from St. Louis.
Layla Anderson reached out to Ben, wrote him a nice letter.
You know, like, because you's been through a similar experience.
They posted online.
Just a really nice, like, she's a young kid to have the will
with all of, you know, maturity to send a letter like that
to the little guy.
It was such a nice thing she did.
So, yeah, it was pretty cool.
And, Biz, to go back to Markstrom,
this stat was actually going into tonight's game.
The Oilers have scored five or more in five of six games against
Markstrom this season,
obviously regular season employers that didn't even include tonight where
they got four off him tonight before he got yanked.
All right.
It's a great stat because I know in recent memory,
at least a couple of the later games in the year that got out of hand.
I know that flames put up a nine piece on them,
not long before playoffs,
but also in return, they gave up a bunch as well so
this is not out of character for these battle of alberta games but i will say from a fan perspective
that game one i know there was a lot of goals that was brutal hockey i don't even enjoy watching that
it's awful i had i had fun watching i don't i'd rather watch like a 3-2 Blues over the Avs in like good penalty kills,
like physical, you know, up and down the ice, close game.
Like, buddy, this looks like pond hockey.
It's awful.
Okay, Boomer.
No, I ain't even fucking.
I like a little bit of everything.
That's why I fucking tweeted the praise I had out for the St.
Louis and Ab series.
And I obviously am poopy pants because my flames are losing too.
But you just want to see the hockey that, you know,
the flames will win if they play.
Yeah.
The Luchich hit.
Yeah, I said, I said, said like Ryan Miller's having flashbacks.
I was completely kidding in the fact that that was nothing remotely close to when he ran over Ryan Miller.
This one, I admit it was I shouldn't have been a five minute major.
So many people were like, that's crazy. He's got a prior whatever issue with that.
He meant to hurt him. It's like, I don't know what you're it's the same brain dead fans it's the same brain dead fans that are
tagging me and when mckinnon got his helmet knocked off and then he put it back on and they're like
oh see was it that hard biz buddy he fumble fucked it away from the play and he put it back on and you could see the
ear flap was on the inside and it was distracting him.
And as he skated off the ice, he chucked his bucket and then you cut the clip short like
a fucking bozo.
And then you tag me in it, Avery.
Oh, my God.
Avery did that.
Avery.
And I said, you what a little bitch, Avery.
What?
How do you say his last name again?
Zaretsky.
Zaretsky.
Yeah, you're a fucking fraud.
And I got your jersey and I texted our producer.
It'll be on the broadcast on Monday.
Get your phone out, Avery.
Texting me every hour on the hour since it arrived three days ago.
I love how he said we would have thrown him in the Hudson River in like the next day.
It's like, no, we wouldn't have.
I'm upset about the I don't think this Battle of Alberta has lived up to the expectations that I expected coming in.
I'm disgusted.
I know I've been very negative about it.
I'm sure you Oil that ESPN's cock blocking us on knowing
where we're going to end up going for the live feed for the conference finals to the point where
it may not happen anymore but if Edmonton does win and Colorado advances I hope that I have to go to
Edmonton and shave my head and I hope that all you others fans get to laugh at me in person
and it would be it would be sweet
justice for me doubting you
and for pushing all my chips in the
middle at a point in the season
where Calgary was buzzing and the Oilers
were very vulnerable. I'm curious, G
was it not like a
week into the season? Am I totally off
on that? It was a little later than that, I believe.
Find out when the bet
was made, G. Listen, we got a little bit more hockey to talk find out when the bet was made g i listen we got
a little bit more hockey to talk about we can wrap up this battle of alberta bullshit yeah i mean if
calgary comes back down with a passion of the christ uh when dan vladak come in for calgary
that's now 13 of 16 playoff teams that have used two goalies in the playoffs thus far uh dallas
florida and tampa the only teams that have only used one goalie.
What do you got, G?
The bet was made on November 2nd, 2021.
Oh, yeah, yeah.
Okay, three weeks into the season, maybe. Okay, yeah, maybe it was a little earlier
than I thought, I guess.
Big sign in to announce.
Congratulations, Brady Kachuk.
He was signed by Budweiser Canada
as they released on Instagram.
That's the curse.
Stop looking at me.
We were rolling.
Yeah, a different team without Brady and fucking Walt.
I feel like you're,
you're like panicking way too early here.
It's two to one.
There's a lot of hockey left in this series here.
The,
the,
the,
the hockey that I've watched over the last three games is,
is a major,
major level for concern.
And I think that Calgary looks shook right now and they have a
goaltending issue all of a sudden so sometimes these things can't get fixed very quickly and
next thing you know at the drop of a hat in playoff time you're all of a sudden booking your
all-inclusives and your tea times so yeah i i am panicking but i think that i have every right to
and i think that probably at least 50 of the Calgary fan base
would agree with me based on what they've witnessed
over the first three games.
I wasn't happy with that game one win.
That scared the shit out of me.
I'm like, what is this?
I don't want to see any more of that.
Lock it up.
I tweeted, lock it up.
Figure it out.
But you mentioned tee times,
and if you're going to make a tee time, folks, you want to be wearing and uh if you're gonna make a t time folks
you want to be wearing g4 when you're out there on the course because this company they're making
the best most comfortable shoes in the business g4 you see people wearing them more often and
more often they look cool they feel good on your feet um also with father's day coming up if your dad's golf obsessed everyone knows
the dads who get the worst father's day gifts you know like every golfer gets gifts from people who
don't know golf they get you like the worst thing you'd never use in your life not g4 though you
gotta hook your dad up or your mom with some sick golf shoes. This year, our friends at G4 are offering a limited edition
Father's Day collection for the entire occasion.
The capsule includes G4 shoes, including the best-selling
gallivant with three different hats and more.
If you really want to win your dad over this Father's Day,
please go right now and order it at G4.com slash chicklets
and shop the capsule and get 10 off your first order.
You know what actually gave me confidence?
How pathetic you came in swinging at me about this series.
About my leather boots, like fucking.
Yeah, you sold used clothes out of your trunk in the minors
and then you bought used clothes at the Stampede.
Don't be upset with me, Fizz.
You're doing too well this episode to get upset with me
because my team looks good.
Let's go. Let's have some fun.
All right, that's it for all the series.
We've got some other hockey news and notes to get to.
Our buddy Rick Bonas, he resigned as head coach of the Dallas Stars.
He said, after careful consideration with my wife, Judy,
we feel it's best to step away and allow the organization,
the opportunity to pursue a different direction at the head coaching position.
I'd like to thank all the passionate fans and the dedicated staff for their
support and hard work and my time here.
It's been an honor for me and my family to represent the stars in the city of
Dallas.
General manager, Jim Nilsa,
the search for new coach would begin
immediately and that assistance Todd Nelson, Derek Laxdell,
and John Stevens had been fired.
Dallas joins Vegas, Philly, Detroit, Winnipeg, Chicago,
and the Islanders as teams looking for a new bench boss.
Speaking of the Jack Adams finalists were also announced.
Florida's Andrew Brunette, no surprise there.
Calgary's Daryl sutter
and new york rangers coach gerard gallant i was surprised no todd mcclellan the award goes to the
quote coach a judge to have contributed the most to his team's success and when you consider all
the injuries the kings had no no doubt he for most of the year i don't know man i don't know
how mcclellan doesn't end up top three biz were you shocked by i i feel like every year there's a couple coaches that get hosed because there's
so many that do such a great job i i completely agree like i think that like with with what
expectations might have been coming into the season and then dealing with the injuries and
the adversity you just talked about yeah and you know they they like you quick quick had obviously been dealing with injuries in prior
seasons with dealing with the hip surgeries and they had cal peterson coming up and you know
they didn't really have a starting goalie like in a sense of like who was going to get the net so it
was shared duty so just based on the collective effort and what he was able to extract from that
group yes i'm very shocked i i actually in, had him as the winner of the Jack Adams.
I thought Daryl Sutter had some interesting comments
about Gerard Gallant basically being like,
for a guy that's just been dealt a bad hand
when he was in Florida, dealt a bad hand when he's in Vegas,
he's like, I know where my vote would go,
aiming at Gerard Gallant.
Yeah, but I also, yeah, I think he's done a terrific job
with the Rangersangers i think that
goaltending sometimes does put a band-aid on maybe some flaws and as you saw he had a vesna caliber
goalie um but based on personnel and and the players that they have in new york compared to
what they have in la i think that yeah but but nonetheless yes there were some very very nice
uh comments by sutter to pump his buddy's tires.
All right, you also should include, I think you had like a 200-1 on him
winning the McClellan award, correct?
I had 80-1 on McClellan to win the Jack Adams.
Buddy, yeah, I mean.
Hence my vested interest.
Yeah.
But, I mean.
Don't let this guy fool you.
And, like, going to bonus, just like Todd McClellan,
like based on what they had as far as a group's concerned,
they both brought their teams to seven games, right?
Yeah, yeah, exactly, man.
It's, you know, sometimes the first round is the toughest round.
So, let's see.
The King Clancy Memorial Trophy Award is given to the player
who best exemplifies leadership qualities on and off the ice
and has made a noteworthy humanitarian contribution in his community. The finalists are ryan getzlaff don elnuris and pk suban uh also the
league announced that it will uh announce some award winners from june 1st through june 7th
uh the messier jack adams mastodon willie orie selkie lady bang and king clancy winners will
be revealed during the conference final during pre-game shows. And then the Calder, Hart, Vesna, Norris, and Lindsey winners
will be announced on a one-hour live show held during the Stanley Cup final,
June 21st at 7 p.m. on ESPN.
A couple signings here.
The Penguins extended Ryan Rust with a six-year 30.75 million deal.
Comes out to 5.125 million a year.
He just finished a four-year 14 million deal.
He could have gone unrestricted, but stayed with the team he's been with
his entire eight-year career.
270 points in 424 games played.
Let's see.
In Toronto, signed Mark Giordano, defensive Mark Giordano,
two-year 1.6 million extension, 800 grand per year.
The 38-year-old vet also could have went unrestricted
but he opts to stay with the leafs that's a great deal for the leafs he's still got some
game left in him like even if he ends up being like a fifth by the end of it like yeah like
yeah well yeah i think he's yeah like i mean he'd have to go another eight years to be a char type
and be that slow and just like hanging on by a thread uh no offense to chara but i think maybe
he should have hung him up a couple years ago now he's now he's never coming on yeah so no i mean
can we be just honest about like you guys is he done is he done is he did he announce his retirement
hasn't officially said anything yet but i'd like i think he's i think like come on here like just
let the kids play um uh but as far as giordano i mean this guy's what three or
four years removed from winning the norris um just yeah just a very solid back end and that's a great
hey they need bargain moves toronto and according to wit a lot more money to save up for in order
to have for austin matthews oh i loved how rattled the people got. Oh, because your bonehead take. But anyway, yeah, good signing.
Yeah.
One last sign and two.
Columbus extended goalie Jonas Corposalo.
One-year deal worth 1.3 mil.
Ali, he just finished a two-year deal worth 5.6 mil.
So he's taking a bit of a pick.
Oh, his numbers got through a lot.
Yeah, I know.
He had a rough one.
But he could have went unrestricted as well.
But he stayed with the only team he's been with for his seven NHL season so uh that's it for any cool though he gets to go he's probably
like hey i'll stay where i'm at you guys have been loyal to me i'm gonna prove myself and then i'm
gonna get my payday i fucking love that shit and i think him and elvis got a pretty good relationship
so like a good good tandem they got there uh you guys checking out of the rough and rowdy this
weekend what a fucking cow with that what's his his name? Big Dick Booty Daddy Man.
He talks all that shit about his wife.
He fucking pulled up lame.
He quit like in the first round.
Like he fucking like all.
Okay.
So he pulled that Jose Canseco.
I know.
I thought they wanted to make sure that would never happen again.
Well, he probably didn't make close the amount of money that Jose did.
Yeah.
They probably insured against that.
It was so embarrassing because he talked like,
one thing talking shit, but he was like being so over the line.
Yeah, he was doing so personal with the guy's wife and stuff.
Yeah, I mean, so you do that, man.
You look like such a fucking chump when you talk all that.
Was he getting beat?
Can we actually play the clip from Ruff and Rowdy
of what Big Cat described of what he said to his opponent
about him and his wife.
Suck my fing d!
And Bobby Lang, you small d, spineless d!
You're afraid of saw!
I told you to f your wife!
I was going to eat her fing pussy like a hungry hippo!
Where the f are you, Bobby?
You're nowhere to be found, you cowardly d!
Like, that is just...
I mean, they call it rough and rowdy for a fing reason, man.
Oh my God.
Shut up.
Was he getting beat up when he quit? I mean, they call it rough and rowdy for a fucking reason, man. Oh, my God. Shut up.
Was he getting beat up when he quit?
No, I mean, it was, you know, nothing too exciting,
but I don't know if he claimed to pull a muscle.
It was just so lame.
It was like, dude, he just stopped fighting.
Like, he just, like, turned his back and was, like, leaned over.
It was like.
Where's he from?
I don't even know where that clown's from,
but he was fighting the kid from Braintree, Bobby Lang,
the kid who's done, like, nine. Bobby Lang, the kid who's done like nine.
Bobby Lang is the king.
He's the king.
Yeah, he's pretty good. Who was Shizat the Rizat?
And he got arrested?
What happened with that?
Yeah, and then the fucking big booty dickhead there,
Shizat the Rizat said something to him.
They started fucking squaring off.
It was like wrestling, only it was fucking real.
The cops grabbed Shizat.
Only it was West Virginia.
They cuffed and stuffed him.
I don't know if they ended up fucking perking him or what.
It was in Wheeling where I played.
That was in Wheeling?
That was in Wheeling.
I was at West Bank Arena, man.
Oh, my God.
So, folks, I don't know how many.
I'm sure some of you who follow Barstool as well.
So they got involved in this whole boxing world.
And why not?
People are getting massive paydays out of it.
And you sell the pay-per-views. But the good
thing about the Barstow one, I think it's like 20.
And they do
three rounds.
It's just like an assembly line.
As soon as one fights over, there's two more people
in the ring. It's a circus act.
Exactly.
Let's go to one. I would fight in one of them,
but they'd have to give me the bag.
I think we've talked about this prior. You said a million? A million bucks off fighting a rough to one i would fight in one of them but they'd have to give me the bag if they gave we i think
we've talked about this prior oh instead of million million bucks i'll fight or fight in
rough yeah i don't know why they wouldn't i mean i feel like that would get that many buys i would
love to fight that jay paul clown i would love to sit around like four or five of your buddies
you throw in like five bucks each or something it's like guaranteed entertainment it's it's
unlike anything out there you know especially with especially with fucking Dave and Big Cat.
How long does it go?
Two hours?
A couple hours, yeah.
Yeah, I mean, you get your money's worth.
You know what it is?
It's a great pre-drink before you go to the bar.
Grab a six-pack, go hang out with your buddies.
Little people fighting, girls fighting,
big girls fighting, big girls.
It's, you know.
Little people fighting.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
It's got a little something for everybody.
With PGA Championship, wow, pretty wild ending, man., little people fighting. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. It's got a little, little something for everybody with PGA championship.
Wow.
Pretty wild ending, man.
Oh my goodness.
Yeah.
Pretty uneventful.
I mean, tournament, I guess for the most part, there was different waves that got hosed. So it's like a lot of times it happens more so in Europe, like the open championship and
when European tour events are being played or whatever the tour is called now.
And a lot of times, right, if you get you always play morning, afternoon or afternoon, morning.
And if you end up catching the wave that the weather sucks, you're just it's kind of an unfair tournament in a sense where the weather decides a lot.
just it's kind of an unfair tournament in a sense where the weather decides a lot. And so the guys who played in the morning on Thursday and then the afternoon on Friday, they had great weather or
much, much easier than what the other wave dealt with. So Justin Thomas was in that tough wave and
he was like the only guy to get out of that wave and be near the top of leaderboard. Everyone else,
including this Mito Pereira, who's from Chile,
everyone else, all those guys were in the good waves.
They got lucky.
And this guy was lighting it up.
And as was Zala Torres.
He was just ripping this course apart.
That Zala Torres is like, he's the guy who everyone says looks like Happy's caddy from Happy Gilmore.
But a young stud, I think he now has six top tens
in eight career majors, or five of eight it's pretty wild
and he's never won on tour um so neither is this pereira so then pereira has another great third
round and this kind of no-name guy now being no name i would say that the average golf fan or
you know the guy who watches the majors would have no idea who he is he's from chile he went
to texas tech I was reading about him.
So he then had a really good third round, and he shot one under.
After making bogeys, he just kind of steered the ship,
and everyone was, at least the golf world was saying,
is this guy going to get his first major? He's got a pretty decent-sized lead, and it's just a tough day.
But still, coming down the wire after playing as poorly as he had,
he gets to 18 with a one shot lead. I'm sure you were watching our right.
And he he hits driver us the weirdest fall through. He said right away it was it was a bad
swing. The guy gave interviews after it was. A class in in in kind of dealing with defeat in the correct way.
Just an absolute master at kind of just talking about what happened.
I'm kind of giving it away if nobody saw the PGA,
which I'm sure everyone listening did.
But he hits this drive right.
Now he's hitting his third shot from about, I don't know, 190 yards.
He's got to cut it around these trees.
Misses the green.
He's now hitting his fourth. He's got to get up and these trees, misses the green. He's now hitting his fourth.
He's going to get up and down just to make bogey and get into a playoff.
There's two guys at five under and he, and he misses the pot.
And it's, I hate seeing, I like seeing guys go out and win it.
Justin Thomas got into the playoff was outdoors. He went out and won it.
I don't like seeing guys lose it. You know, that sucks.
And that's why golf and I guess tennis is an individual sport,
but you don't see meltdowns like anything other than golf.
Like tennis, you could have a big lead in the fifth set as a men's major
and it could be a collapse, but it's such quick moving pace of play things.
Whereas golf, it's all the time between the shots and the walking.
So he hit it in the water. And now, you know, forget the viewers at home.
Like having played a little competitive golf, not even remotely close to anything these guys do.
But tournament golf, if you've played it, you hit a bad shot or you need to make a par.
And all of a sudden you're in trouble. Things start moving fast, dude.
Your brain's moving way faster than it has the rest of the tournament.
And like, like a little bit of like panic can set in.
And I just felt bad for the poor guy.
So wit.
So I ended up watching it.
Right.
So on the 17th, he left the putt like half an inch.
One rotation.
It looked like one rotation.
I could tell.
It seems like it's I don't know if it was because earlier in the round,
I feel like he got called out for slow pace of play.
Correct?
Yeah.
So they went up to his group.
It was Matt Fitzpatrick who wasn't having a great day and,
and Pereira.
And they're like,
you guys got to speed it up,
which is kind of funny.
I mean,
they're the last group,
but I do understand they want to keep pace of play.
And Fitzpatrick immediately goes don't
look at me pointing over to pereira right yeah so it's like so but i did notice from that putt
going up to the next tee it seems like he was kind of like i don't want to overthink it i just want
to dude he was rushing it so he was you could tell he was rushing it and and i think it's faldo
like i don't know how you feel about nick faldo on the
commentary but he's like fuck dude he's like just take out a take out a three wood or take out
something and like if even if you get a bogey you're going to a playoff like then once you're
in the playoff i feel like you get the reset right okay i'm i'm in the like it's it's we're
you know it's it's the next three holes and that's it but you could just tell once he rushed it and then put it in the water i was like oh no
and it's i i it resembled that one um the one at saint andrews the one year i was at carnews
he was a frenchman's name oh my god he completely hey and then they ended up having the video after
where they it was called like i played that hole like a complete moron and he actually beat his score by playing with just a
putter on the hole so he was kind of at least john vandeville john vandeville he was a little
self-deprecating but he beat his score when he got the last hole of that open with a putter when
he went back so but pressure does the craziest things yeah that's the thing
right and and listen from a non-golfer i even i was watching i'm like yeah yeah he seems like
he's just getting this over with where he's like it's almost like he's fast forwarding so to
pretend he's not overthinking it but in reality you could tell his wheels are spending a million
miles an hour and as you said to see that i was texting you i'm like this is so hard
to watch i know if that happened to me in a sandbagger i would be devastated let alone the
to get your and this guy was also playing on the the corn fairy tour last year yeah so he got his
card because when you're on the corn fairy tour they have a special rule if you win three times
in a year boom automatically you go to the PGA Tour.
And he did that. So he's
a stud. He's a ball striker.
And it's great.
The game now is just like ball strikers.
People say you got to be the best putter.
It's not even true. These guys,
they just hit every fairway, every green.
They never miss the center of the club
face. And that was this Pereira.
And you're right. I think maybe
I actually definitely agree
with you. He's probably like, let me just go hit this drive.
Jim Nance was still talking and
all of a sudden the camera goes to him. And I think
Nance was like, oh, this guy's going to get ready
and set, take his time. And boom, he's
teeing it up, just blocking
one right with a crazy
fall through. And yeah, Faldo was saying when
Zal Torres ripped three wood in the playoff,
he's like, that's what all Pereira needed to do.
There you go.
Rip three wood.
You got a buck 65, 70 in.
I just, Justin Thomas though.
What a clinic to go through what he went through the first two rounds
where you're just exhausted.
Like the grind.
These guys are on the grind.
People who don't play golf, you're laughing like fucking golf dude, to get the ball in the hole and tough
conditions. That is a grind for 36 holes, probably five hour rounds. Thomas just grinded. He gets to
Saturday and he kind of had a bad day. It's probably just like, I don't know. That was also
tough weather. And then he comes back from seven shots down and he ends up getting into the playoff.
He could have won the thing.
He stuffed one on 18 and missed the putt to get to six under,
but just an amazing effort.
And that's  Zalatoris, he's going to win someday.
He's got biz.
Coming from a guy who hasn't putted well on camera,
if you guys ever watch the Sandbagger,
he's got a funky-ass YIP stroke where it's like the short oh oh i buddy
they they zoomed in on his putter head see that he had a short one and i was like whoa what the
hell was that i know i know but from 15 feet he pours him in but this week he was nails on a lot
of the short putts he was actually going going back, and it would kind of,
yep, I hate saying that as a golfer,
and he would just stop, then finish the backswing and hit it.
He was almost battling through it.
But when you hit it like that, it doesn't really matter.
I think he will get a win.
But it was an exciting, it turned from kind of boring.
I was like, this is, I don't know, it hasn't done much,
into two young guns, and one of them gets his second major.
So I, it was, it ended up being a great Sunday watch at the end.
Did you, did you have any futures on it?
All right.
He had 43 golfers to win.
No, I, I tell my, my buddy again, who,
who seems to pull these guys out of his ass.
Cameron young.
I had him.
He ended up fucking.
Did a chance.
Two behind. Yeah. He was right there... He had a chance. He ended up two behind.
Yeah, he was right there at the end. He made a double.
Like 15 or 16. I think
I had him at like 61. Basically, if he'd come in,
I would have made
probably about 10 large
if he'd come in.
For a small investment, too. But Salafi,
you know...
What were you just talking about? The pressure?
Last week, KH
lead to Byron Nelson.
That made him more impressive because he had that one stroke lead for like,
I think the last six holes he had to hang on to it.
He ganks one shot.
He fucking loses.
And, you know, he talked about fucking coming through on the clutch too, man.
It's just so much time to think in golf.
It's crazy.
And you have to be mentally strong.
You have to be telling yourself positive affirmations.
It's not it's like fake it till you make it.
But I can't imagine for a guy who's never won on tour to have one shot lead in the 18th hole of a major.
He probably hit the panic button a little.
But but like I said, in terms of his post round media quotes and questions he answered.
I don't think I think you're going to see this guy
around again. He just thought he
just lost the chip and putt event.
Yeah. How else would you want
to respond? Right. What are you
going to do? Fucking sulk. It's like
dude tomorrow. Go hit balls. Win the
next tournament. It's one of those
headlock. Fucking
dumb.
At least go get shit-faced tonight.
Oh, yeah, hooker.
I'm not sure if we said it yet, Biz, but in case we didn't,
Battle of Alberta, Tuesday night, we'll be live streaming
on our Chicklet YouTube channel.
We'll be tweeting the hell out of it and putting it on our social media
and all that shit.
So, you know, we'll be doing a little Beavis and Butthead style
with the Battle of Alberta.
Yeah, so how is that going to work, G? How will we be
doing that? The fans
are going to watch me put one in my belly button
in my bed here at the Four Seasons in
Atlanta while we're streaming the Battle of
Alberta. He's the guy from CNN, alright?
It's basically going to be like a live podcast.
We're going to be just like this in a Zoom
format where people can see us, see your live
reactions. We'll be on there. I'm actually
excited for it because I think it's actually going to give the calgary flames a little bit of mojo and
it's different so i'm a i'm a little bit superstitious when watching the game so we need
to change something so let's go flames i'll put in a big effort and excited to see everybody and
make sure you bring your pink whitney we'll be chugging that i was just gonna say labatt blue
as well you gotta be putting back those fresh Canadian pilsners
on my way.
I love it.
I got a quick grant.
Grind your gears like this
is something used to really
grab my gears, but I don't
I don't take Uber or Lyft
as much.
But when they when they take
the fucking worst route ever,
especially in Boston,
what you know, people at Boston,
they know the best route
with the quickest way to go.
And you get these drivers
from out of state.
They don't know.
I tell them where to go.
All right.
Do it.
Sometimes I try, but sometimes they don't.
They only fucking obey the GPS.
So this one was so bad the other night.
It's comical.
I couldn't even get mad.
I was at me and I had a family dinner.
It was me and my cousin.
We met up with our Shane Corson
and the North End had a couple beers with him.
So we were at the Corner Cafe on Prince Street, right?
You know, near Bova's Bakery.
We're going back to Charlestown at the fucking nights.
We get an Uber.
We end up on 93 fucking North, going from the North End to
fucking the Knights in Charlestown.
Did he just go past
everything, past the old
building up near like Somerville?
Dude, he fucking picked us up on, instead of going
left, left, left, right over the Charlestown Bridge,
he fucking goes all the way to Hanover Street, takes
the right, gets on 93, fucking up over the Zakem,
down the fucking Sullivan Square, fucking exit.
I was, like, laughing.
It was fucking comical.
Like, we're on 93 going from the north.
Well, at least gas is cheap.
Yeah, I didn't care.
No, my cousin actually, he's got a disability, dude.
They only got to pay, like, three bucks for fucking Uber.
It could be, like, 90 miles away.
It's, like, a set rate and shit. So he gets he gets the hook up on that like he gets so many a month
so i was with him so it was like fucking three dollar ride no matter what yeah i find that a
lot of your guy my gear is resort back to transportation oh dude i got a problem like
road like the other day we my father's like hey you want to drive like he's the city's changed
so much for him he's like i was like yeah i'll drive and i was like pretty chill for my standards and like
dude was about to stop at yellow light if i can lean on my father's like calm down we're just
going to dinner we're not in a goddamn hurry i was like that i just beeped at the guy and yeah
you're an asshole driver though you've told me stuff we we we gotta set up a dash cam how do
you get that mad like
it's like become an outlet i guess for me and like i just have a hair trigger with it it's
like i'm gonna get out and fight grinnell and then another dude tried to turn down a one way
and i'm like i didn't want to beep because my father's young people beeping so like i'm i
they thought i was gonna hit him i was like dude you asked me to fucking drive like this
you know you know what's you know what i'm gonna ask let's hear it let's hear it no i said i have no idea what
you're gonna ask we're doing a content piece where we're going to cruise with ra i'm not
he a crew sounds like he stressed the shit out of me no we're gonna drive from boston to daytona
and ra has to drive the entire way and wit you have to be in the car and you have to sit
in the back with me and Grinnelli's going to be in the
front seat. We'll set up the dash cams.
We'll get the GoPros out and we're going
to see how obnoxious
this gets. You know what?
I should put the caveat in with
that's like my city driving
like when I go to like Vermont for my
family trip like when I go
like chill like I actually can drive slow and enjoy it.
Like, so that's something I would drive like a reasonable person.
It's more like my city driving self. Like if I'm on, like,
we drove from drive from Vermont to like, uh, what do you call it?
Saratoga. That's like a wicked chill ride. Like I'm, I'm wicked mellow.
So maybe the craziest part is that you have the six to second,
second beeps. Like I, and my bike video I did the other day,
someone beeped at me for three seconds
and it sounded like the longest beep of all time.
And I think Sean looked at me and was like,
dude, RA beeps double that.
That's insane.
Okay, how about this?
How about we should get an Uber sponsorship
and RA has to drive Uber for a day and we film it.
That would be awesome.
All of a sudden the stock plumm a sudden you could at least drive them in the
quickest routes possible mr quick absolutely they might shit their pants a little bit but
what else have you been doing with your spare time what have you been doing with your spare time g
anything exciting absolutely nothing just watching hockey putting out two episodes a week,
excited to go back down to one episode per week. So I have a little time to myself, but yeah, not really doing anything. Just making bike vids. Watch the bike vid right now on YouTube.
I drove around Manhattan, 27 miles, and I got hit by a car. Is there video of like post run over
and stuff? Oh, it's all filmed. Me getting hit, the cop yelling at me, the guy getting out of
his car being like
officer why are you yelling at this kid like i just hit him with my car and so yeah it's all
there okay what about you wet anything interesting are we gonna end this thing yeah living the dad
life you know just just enjoying um right now riders got the little league on saturday mornings
get the lacrosse scoops lacrosse i I brought up Monday night. He's got street hockey league
Friday night.
And I go to the range
with him all the time.
We probably go to the range
four or five days a week.
He's like,
Dad, can we go play golf?
Go play golf.
I'm like, yes.
And then I get to go hit balls.
He's hitting balls.
It's a blast.
So we've actually taken him
out on the course a little bit.
He likes it.
His best sport.
What's his best sport?
He hits the golf ball pretty good. He's kind of
he's getting like
he's getting taller and lankier like
me. He's kind of a goof. Everyone called me
wheels and little leaks. I was so slow,
but I've raked. I've raked.
I get lacrosse vibes. I mean,
he's tall, lanky like that. So that's
the lacrosse player. Yeah. Yeah.
Lacrosse. he has fun.
Lacrosse is hilarious.
They're just pumping music, like, good tunes.
And there's different stations where they run down and they throw them in.
But they also, they're four, you know? So, it's funny to watch.
Yeah, I'm just playing a little golf, trying to get the game going.
Are you sticking needles in his ass yet or no?
I'll be having, like, Lance Armstrongstrong's right hand man in my house if he
shows any sort of athletic ability at 12 sorry rider no breakfast this morning we're just going
to needle right in the back of your arm um all right uh was there anything else you had written
down other than that last grind my gears or are we wrapping up here i have one one final note uh
to our listeners uh our skies appeared appeared on the Dozen Trivia.
It was filmed back at headquarters.
I appeared in person.
Wittenbiz came via Zoom or whatever it is.
Every team got at least one game, so we can't reveal any results,
but we can tell you our first game dropped tonight, Monday.
I think it's 7 o'clock.
We'll be retweeting it from our socials and shit.
It's all the Dozens.
It's actually a really good game show. My friend Jeff Lowe
come up with. It's a trivia show with
all the Boston personalities, and it's
unlike any game show. I mean, most game shows don't
you say fucking shit and swear and like
it's very raw. It's a good time. It's a
real good time. You know, we had it. We had
a blast. So check that out.
Do it. We hang up here, dude. I'm going to
catch up on Barry. Probably the best show on TV
right now. And then I'm going to start that George Collins documentary.
So it's midnight. You've been going about that.
It's midnight. You're going to start.
So what I'm guessing two or three episodes and then a two hour documentary.
You're going to do a Barry Barry.
I'm always up to speed on that's when I don't miss any week.
You said you're going to catch up on it.
Well, I mean, because it's already it dropped at nine o'clock.
Oh, tonight's episode. I'm sorry. I mean, yeah. And then, yeah, I mean, because it's already it dropped at nine o'clock. Oh, tonight's episode.
I'm sorry.
I mean, yeah.
And then, yeah, I mean, I'll I'll tackle the column.
I fell asleep the other night watching it.
But see what happens tonight.
I'll give it a whirl.
You can also watch the full podcast on YouTube.
Not a lot of people know that you can watch the full podcast on YouTube.
The audio drops in the morning.
The video drops at night.
So go watch it there.
You can see everyone's facial reactions.
That's my bookcase.
Yeah, you can see R.A.'s bookcase.
It's actually a much better way to consume the podcast.
Yeah, and subscribe to our YouTube channel.
I know we beg you guys all the time, but it'd be a nice thing if all of you did it.
And, you know, bump up our followers on the YouTube.
That's where our sandbaggers are.
That's where you can watch Grinnelli get hit by a car.
That's where you can watch R.A.' get hit by a car. That's where you can watch our race.
What?
What are we watching from our-
Grind My Gear segments.
Grind My Gear.
There you go.
All right, boys.
Great show, boys.
Had a lot of fun.
Everybody have a great week.
I still think the fucking planes need to wake up,
so we'll see you fuckers on Tuesday.
Peace. As always, we like to thank our terrific sponsors here on spit and check.
Let's a huge thanks to our longtime friends over at pink Whitney and new
Amsterdam vodka. Big thanks to our friends over at game time.
Huge thanks to our friends over at no days wasted.
Big thanks to our friends at G4 Days Wasted. Big thanks to our friends
at G4 making us look good in the course.
And huge thanks to our new friends over at
Skrill. Have a great week, everybody.
