Hey, Spittin' Chicklets listeners, you can find every episode on Apple Podcasts,
Spotify, or YouTube. Prime members can listen ad-free on Amazon Music.
Hello, everybody.
Welcome to episode 390 of Spittin' Chicklets,
presented by Pink Whitney from our friends at New Amsterdam Vodka here in the Barstool Sports Podcast family.
Gang, we are knee-deep into the second round,
separating the wheat from the chafe a little bit.
It's hockey, bed, eat, repeat.
We love it. It's the best time of year.
But we have a very special guest. We'll
bring him back. We're going to go to him right now because he's hanging out with us all episode.
This piece of work was the second interview we ever did. And it's been five and a half years
since we've seen him on check. I know many of you have been asking, you've been waiting. We're
happy to have him back. The arm dog, Colby Armstrong. What's up, my man? Let's go, boys.
Let's go. It's been a long time, a long time coming.
You know what?
My arm, the boys know I got a rubber arm.
You twist it hard enough.
Next thing you know, I'm fully in there.
I'm ripping.
So it's good to be back, boys.
It's been a while.
It's really, really rubber, though.
It's strong rubber because we were ripping this thing apart.
And then everyone should know like any
married man i'll tell you finally it was mel it was his wife you're gonna start going on the
barstool stuff with wit busy guy and then all of a sudden what's up guys yeah i got the green light
yeah here we go that's how they that's how they name stretch armstrong yeah that's how they started
the whole thing um but buddy it's fucking great to see i tell you what
you've been blue balling our fans but they are going to be mighty excited when they see
when we tease this thing on instagram and twitter tonight g throws out the bat signal people are
going to go nuts for mr bird nose little sparrow a little sparrow for you little how's that me a
picture busy he sent me a picture today, me and Merle's.
And it's a, I don't know.
Is that a HL card or a Googled picture?
No, like some lady like on social media.
Should I find her name?
I should probably give her a shout out.
Probably.
We'll tweet her out.
We'll tweet her out.
Hard Wilkes-Barre fan.
But she, yeah, she sent me.
She's like.
Choco's bowling alley.
She's like great memories from back in the day.
There's more where this came from.
Let me know if you want to see some more.
And it was like some hockey cards and then like some like old school
pictures, you know, that she like took of the picture.
So they're kind of like, I got the glare out of it from the flash,
but that was one of the me and Merle's look like we were just wheeling
around in the Wilkes-Barre gold jerseys.
I don't know.
Half shields on.
No, no shields. No, no shields.
No, no.
Just right out of college, right out of Junese.
Rip them off.
Away you go.
That was the best thing about the A back then is when you stepped into pro,
like in the ECHL, I started there for my pro career.
But when you got called up, they didn't have that rule in place where all
the young guys coming up had to wear visors.
So I got to take it off.
You feel like a fucking, you basically felt like you were wearing no helmet you feel like superman buddy i'll never forget
my first camp i'm like i look like the trainer's kid like that came to full help fold towels but
i was actually the first round pick hey uh going back to that picture though that that lady said
like i'm pretty sure they still have it the booster club oh yeah go to every single appearance
and they would make us these binders with every single one of them scrapbooks scrapbooks newspaper clippings like
those are the people that make the the minor leagues run the train yeah shout out to them
yeah shout out to all the boosts especially in wilkes-barre hey we should we should go do a live
show at arena bar and grill one time we should go do i would do that and then do like maybe i want to do
one of those golf things with you guys i want to get on like i want to have drones flying around
me and stuff while i'm trying to whack i'm brutal but maybe uh we go to the pre-drink at arena and
then we go to the woodlands for a little uh little woodlands how's she going little that thing's still
in existence woodlands is still ripping i don't know i haven't been back there in a little while
to be honest with you i imagine Woodlands is still named Woodlands
and the same sort of bar scene,
I almost want to move back there.
I know, hey?
That's actually the case.
Remember, like, no cabs?
You can get, like,
it's like the scariest place in the world.
You're ripping through the woods.
You're like, where are we right now?
Yeah, I know.
Army, I'm pretty sure... North Peace PA pa i'm pretty sure last time you were on they interviewed you about your career but since we uh
since you last came on we had sutter on who and he told a story about how he came back
leveraged his farm bought the red deer rebels and weren't you like weren't you there kind of like
right before he'd done that?
And then he's basically guaranteed that they were going to win a mem cup.
And then you were there for those two years until where they ended.
You guys ended up winning one, right? Yeah.
So I was like a, a late sixth round Western hockey league draft pick.
And cause you were a figure skater up till you were 12, right?
Yeah.
I figure skated.
Yeah.
My mom taught figure skating.
So I did that.
I did both.
I was on the ice all the time. It was crazy, it was really it was it was good like i got chirped
and stuff but i was still like sick at hockey so i was like what are you gonna do plus i was like
mean too i was like a little rat like i'll hurt you you know you were you coming down from the
blue line and running guys who were around at that age i remember i i remember i remember i
i hit a kid open ice hit and man i'm telling you
i was like you know you're playing against guys it's mustaches and stuff you know i was like 120
pounds and i hit this kid open ice one time i swear to god it was like wendell clark who'd he
hit ra probably knows that guy coming around the net oh Oh, my God. Come on, RA. Was it Brown?
No, not Brown.
I think the guy lives in Lethbridge now.
I actually met someone that knows him really well.
What team?
Toby Boulay knows him.
I don't know who he.
Did he ever walk again correctly?
Grinnelli is going to find it.
He's the legend here.
Was it Bruce Bell?
Bruce Bell.
It was the Bruce Bell.
That a boy, G.
That's a G. That a boy, G. Was it Bruce Bell? Bruce Bell. It was the Bruce Bell. That's a G.
That's a G.
That's a boy G.
Unbelievable.
Bruce Bell.
It was like the Bruce Bell hit, though.
Like, open ice.
I landed, like, on top of him.
And I remember looking, and it was like his nose was out his ear hole.
Gage was, like, over here.
I was like, whoa, baby.
But my dad used to teach me how to hit like that.
Like, perfect technique.
Oh, Wano. Oh, Wano. bueno oh boys i got i got some bueno stories well we gotta go let's go back let's go back so you're six
boys we're gonna be we're gonna be add special that's what we should call this pod
yeah so uh my first i got cut as a 16 year old boys went back played midget triple a with the
blazers then satsi bought the team that year so that was my second year coming back kind of as a
guy could i was like i was a november birthday so i kind of had a late birthday so i was like 16
and in november i turned 17 but i made the team with satsi satsi came in no no messing around like
we all had to get like like, it was like,
have you seen, like, remember the Titans when, like, Denzel's like,
if you don't own a suit, find a homeless guy,
trade him a bottle of booze and get a jacket.
It's like one of those.
It's like.
I love it.
Oh, yeah.
And it was like, okay, here we go.
Yeah, cut your hair, get a suit.
Like, this is how we're going to play.
And, like, man, he had us going, man.
We had a good team.
We had, like, you know Gordo.
I played with Gordo.
Gordo was 16 that year.
Like, Joel Stapp, Doug Lynch, myself were a rookie.
Bryce Toma, we called him Carl.
It's his dad's name.
Jeff Woywitka, remember him?
Oh, yeah.
He played the big role.
He beat us in the World Junior.
Yeah, I mean, that guy was undrafted in junior hockey and then like first,
yeah.
First round pick to the flyers later on.
I mean, he had, he was a really good defenseman and we had him.
So we had a, like a, like a ton of, you know,
16 year old slash first year guys that were young,
all coming up together and Sutsi like got us and like molded us and like,
and then, and then, but the next, we made the playoffs that year,
got spanked in the first round,
like destroyed. And then the next year we were like,
we were top team in the nation,
like the entire year until we got to the moral cup and won the moral cup.
So it didn't take Sotsi too long to get us going. And it was awesome.
It was, it was a great place to play. It was, it was awesome.
What any, any stories about him that you could tell?
Cause obviously coaching back then was a lot different than it is now where it was a lot of tough love like any any
snap shows he told a story about when he ended up giving you guys all wood twigs oh yeah i'll never
forget that it was in brandon another thing happened in brandon too suchy like almost traded
me and brandon like he called me up to the front of the bus after a game.
He didn't like it.
I think two,
two is running around.
I didn't get a good hold up on a defense,
but he like put a guy like,
you know,
toots that guy could just crushing.
Oh my God.
And yeah.
And,
and he was like,
he wasn't pleased with my play.
I think I got benched and we were driving from like Brandon back to Regina
to play a game.
And he's like, talk. I had to stand in like up at the front of the bus and he talked to me like almost the whole way to regina like about like what am i doing what's going on
with you i was like oh my god i'm gonna get traded so he's like you got one more chance you gotta
play you know get your game going i'm like okay show up to regina next day literally i i go on the ice playing i elbow
a kid in the head kicked out of the game kicked me off the game i'm like i come in the room i
start packing up my bag i'm like i'm done i started packing my bag we're staying the night
regina the trainer's like what are you doing we're staying the night i'm like i know no i was like i
think i'm not gonna be here anymore yeah and he needs to say he didn't trade me but he probably
loved it he probably loved it.
You probably loved it.
You fucking took the guy's front grill out.
He told a story, I think, when I was watching that one,
when I chucked the helmet at him.
Yes.
And that was crazy.
That was in the Western League Finals against Portland.
And I'd taken a couple of dumb penalties,
and he's saying I was soft and stuff in front of the boys, you know?
And I was like a scrappy guy, you know? I was like a hard-nosed kind of player, and I was soft and stuff in front of the boys, you know? And I was like, I was like scrappy guy, you know,
it was like hard-nosed kind of player. And I was,
I was taking some penalties, you know? And I, I don't know why,
I don't know why it's just like, it's been a long year, you know,
it's been a long couple of years, you know how it is.
And I just like threw my helmet across.
I don't think I meant like in retrospect like to him
he probably thought i threw it at him i think i just threw it out of anger like a fit i just had
like a little fit and it like kind of went close to him maybe like too close for comfort but he
like loved it he loved it he told after like the next year he named me the captain of the team
and we're playing and it wasn't for anything other i swear to god other than we're
playing like an exhibition game against a calgary hitman in like some small town alberta and i wasn't
playing the game and one of the guys on their team was like played on calgary the year before
two years before defenseman was trying to go after this kid on our team and fight him he's like 16
you know it's like crazy and oh yeah in in exhibition it's fucking oh yeah
it's crazy ice wars yeah yeah and so i i after i wasn't playing but i went down in the like tunnel
like you know like binnington on cadre style like throw a water ball except for i didn't i was like
i like literally it was like great i was trying to like fight the guy under the under the stands
and like airdrie alberta i don't even know where the heck we were.
And Sati like loved it.
He's like,
he's like,
yeah,
he's like,
that's right.
And then he,
and then I was the captain.
It was awesome.
Needless to say.
Yeah.
Needless to say halfway through that season,
I gave the sea up.
Cause I was like,
I can't do this.
Like this too much.
This is crazy.
Like who got it?
Dougie Lynch.
I got it.
Oh yeah.
Okay.
Yeah. Dougie Lynch. Got it. I was like killing me coach. I need to give this sea back. Yeah is crazy. Who got it? Dougie Lynch got it. Oh, yeah. Okay. Dougie Lynch got it.
These stresses are killing me, coach. I need to give this C back. Yeah, that's exactly. You know me,
Whit. I know the anxiety you get.
Yeah, you know me. I got the anxiety
bad. Any stories from, I mean,
like, Sati, that coached you
about Darryl? Like, how ridiculous
are these press conference
he gives? Oh, my God. He's the best.
His face doesn't move.
You guys both look like birds.
Would you speak bird to him when you see him?
When I see satsis,
all the satsis,
if I can talk after,
if I meet them and they punch me in the chest and my lungs collapse,
do you ever get a satsi?
Oh yeah.
Oh yeah.
I got one on the plane.
Actually you talked about playing game.
You talk about playing games in random places.
I was with the Kings organization, but like, i knew i wasn't going to make the team
it was towards the end of my career and we went up to vernon bc to play in one of these like craft
hockeyville games and we were playing against edmonton fuck i got hemmed out there for my first
three shifts against mcdavid buddy i didn't know you were ever on the ice Hey, gee, you gotta find that footage
Find that footage
My last ever NHL game
I was dash two in like three shifts against McDavid
I didn't play the final two periods
And on the plane ride home
As we were getting on, he gave me the suchy punch
Because he's such an old school guy
And he's such a great guy, even though he's so intense
But he was like, hey, you know
We're going to be sending you down
But hey, great job in camp meanwhile i fucking meanwhile you have like
ice bags on both your knees because mcdavid put your kneecaps in the 15th row buddy that's what
i'm like this you it was it was like he was in fast forward it was actually fucking insane how
fast he was then i couldn't even imagine like i mean you you guys watch the game now it's it's
twice maybe three times the speed it was when we first started playing.
Man, I just watched them, I think, since.
Remember when we did World Cup of Hockey on the concourse?
That was kind of crazy that we did that.
Me, you, and Marek on Facebook something.
Facebook Live.
Like, the pre- and post-game shows of every game.
And it was actually kind of fun and cool to be there.
And like crazy, like fans, remember some fan,
some like raggedy looking dude came up and like,
they were like getting up in our kitchen stuff.
They're like right on our set.
Some guy put like a hat on my head.
I'm like, what the hell is this?
Filled with lice.
Yeah.
It's like, I looked at it.
It's like strip club legend or something.
It said on there.
I'm like, Oh my, my like what's going on here
yeah that's how you get canned from sports he put it on my head yeah um but like uh that's the first
time i watched mcdavid play there at that thing and i haven't honestly seen him live since he came
back uh he had four points in pittsburgh at near the end of the season. And that was like the first time I saw him like with my own eyes,
not on TV.
You know, it was like, I, it always worked out over the years.
When they came out here,
I was either up in Toronto working or I like got caught in a snowstorm and
my flight got canceled.
I couldn't make it back for the game in time.
And I like, I missed it.
And I was just like, I couldn't catch a break to see him with my own eyes.
I saw him with my own eyes, boys.
I saw.
You're like, he's real.
Yeah.
He's like better than a video game, man.
Do you think it was fitting that you ended up getting drafted by Pittsburgh
and then you ended up going to Wilkes-Barre?
I know Glenn Patrick was your first coach.
He was probably the most laid-back coach ever.
Oh, yeah.
But then you ended up having Tarion.
So what was your what was your like first pro experience like um i thought it was like hilarious i was not prepared at all like i had no clue like i had no clue what i was doing because i don't know
you were probably the same if i can remember correctly when you came in you were just like
a young guy the bar the night before oh no he was like yakking everyone like doing stuff like
sitting on the trainer's table.
Like,
like guys are coming in if you want to go for lunch.
And he's like,
he was doing the wildest stuff.
Like I couldn't believe what this was doing at camp.
Like it was hilarious.
Now I see it.
Oreo to go to lunch is the funniest.
Like the other.
Nobody's asked him to go to lunch.
So,
oh yeah.
I didn't even like,
I couldn't even talk to him.
He's like the guy you're stuck. I still can barely talk to him when I see him. go to lunch. So, Oh yeah. I didn't even like, I couldn't even talk to him. He's like the guy you're that I still can barely talk to him.
When I see him,
I'm like,
hi,
but this is like,
Hey man,
how much was your per diem envelope?
Like in my per diem envelope,
there's like,
so like,
does that mean I'm getting cut after like two weeks or,
and Mario's like,
what the hell?
He just wants to get a leg rub.
Like what's this guy doing
wear those jeans from Mario obsessed with money then though you were like you always
were like always concerned about how much everything that's why it's funny when I was
watching that live stream the other night you're complaining about 11 hash browns no I gotta so I
told the story on the live stream and I know there's a lot of crossover between our fans who watch it and to listen to this podcast.
So I'm staying at the Four Seasons, and all season long, the All-American Breakfast came with two eggs, three pieces of bacon, hash browns, and white toast.
And all of a sudden, we get here for this playoff bubble, and now you don't get the hash browns with the all-american breakfast that
costs 74 you have to pay 11 extra to get the fucking hash browns am i am i on fucking planet
zoltan here is that not insane is that not insane but buddy don't you remember like in the show
like you're staying in a show hotel bud like when you go to a show hotel like you're getting like you get hungry you're like oh i'm hungry i want to have a caesar salad it's like
85 caesar salad at the ritz carlton it's like get out of town were you on the team when uh when
scuds did scuds when you guys were buckled going home with you told the story i remember that
montreal yeah the one that when we left the bar? Yeah. Oh, God, yeah.
People haven't heard this one.
Me and Scud leave the bar fine.
We've been to a couple spots.
It's the night's over in Montreal.
I don't know.
What time is it?
Probably 2.33.
And we go out.
There's a cab right in front of the frigging bar.
And so granted, Scud's like, perfect cabbie, cabbie, cabbie, cabbie.
We get in.
He's like, the Ritz Carlton.
The guy's like, the Ritz Carlton. The guy's like, the Ritz Carlton.
Drop us off to the Ritz Carlton.
We want a ride.
Yeah, the guy's probably French.
The guy's like, all right.
The Ritz Carlton.
He must have drove 30 yards.
That's something.
Thank you, sir.
Give him 20 bucks.
That was a great night. I remember that night very him 20 bucks. That was a great night.
I remember that night very well, actually.
That was a great night.
Those were fun.
Those were really fun teams.
How about the back?
I loved our teams, our Wilkes-Barre teams.
I loved it.
I know I was texting with you and Murr like the other day.
I wish Murr was on this right now, too.
That guy's just a legend.
There were so many really good players on Wilkes-Barre for a long span.
Think how many players were on our team.
Fleury was our goalie, and then Chiodo was playing over him.
Andy Chiodo took the job because Cheezer was so hot on the final stretch.
Cheezer was like the king of the town.
Remember Rammer?
Ramsey a bit?
That guy was a legend.
He was a nail gun, too. He had his glasses. He'd be like, I was a legend. He was a nail gun, but he has glasses.
He'd be like, relax, but down.
But remember, he had that little cut on his finger.
And he's like, but yeah, no, like a little rub, a little rub on his thumb.
It's like a little rub.
What I'm going through.
So I think this story has probably been told i don't know 10 times on
this pod but we've never heard it from you or i haven't since i've been on the one about your
first ahl fight nhl right no it's american league oh yeah yeah and i don't know if it was my first
fight to be honest with you that one the gavin morgan beat down yeah beat down in salt lake city
i think i think because we have so
many new listeners we gotta tee this up with them well i always hear you guys reference it too i
love when you crack it out like i hear you on tnt stories you're like check the game notes bud
it's a great line it's lexicon yeah and it is and you're the reason it happened you created an
iconic line in hockey oh it's so. You got to check the game notes.
I went through a bad phase where I thought I'd play better
if I didn't check the game notes,
just like I'd play better if I didn't wear my mouth guard.
Do you guys ever do stuff like that?
Oh, yeah.
Buddy, I played without a jock at one point,
and then in a Pittsburgh Penguins training camp,
somebody was dumping it in.
I think it was Don Char, and he got me right in the ball bag.
I couldn't finish the rest of this image game.
And then,
and they're like,
like among all the stupid shit I did in that organization,
like getting in bar fights,
like they were like,
what's,
you know,
what's going on.
I'm like,
I got hit right in the balls and they're like,
well,
okay.
And I'm like,
I'm not wearing a jock.
And then I think that trickled up and then another trip to the fucking
East.
He didn't,
he didn't wear a jock because he said, maybe if I catch catch one in the dick it'll make me last a little longer in bed
yeah bugsy talked me into it oh yeah that's what bugs even do that for sure he'd be a little lighter
here with the hammock oh but uh well yeah with that i i was just going through a weird thing
because you know the game's 90 mental right so i just, you know, I figured if I don't look at the other team's game notes and I just play them straight up, I'm not overthinking it. Like I just prepare, like I'm going to play great. I don't want to prepare. Like I, I know that guy has 90 points or I know that guy, you know, does this, I'm just going to play. And I was like a way, I don't know why I went into that phase where I wasn't reading the game notes
for a while. I wouldn't even look at them. Some put in my stall.
I wouldn't even touch them. I didn't want to touch them. Well,
needless to say, yeah. Check the game notes, boys. Like I get out there.
Yeah. Gavin Morgan, like smaller skilled guy.
I actually talked to him about this too. He loves it. He loves it.
He got an eye injury apparently, and he was wearing a visor. so he's like a little visor guy like pretty decent player but like feisty
but i was i was back checking to the net front on a rush and he we kind of met at the same time
at like the back post and i he's i got my stick up real high on him like right up in his throat
and he like went down he got got up, he came to swing
at me. I gave him the old slip, like, so he like windmilled by me. And then I threw him down on
the ground again, like just big dog at him. Like, you know, then I go sit in the penalty box. He
comes by on captain Morgan, one leg up, like gives me the throat slit. And I'm like, Oh, here we go.
I was like, here we go. Then we're in the in the box he's he's yelling at me he throws a
water ball at me hit someone in the running the score clock in the head he goes sorry just starts
giving it to me again this is crazy so then our penalties are up like the coincidentals and we
got to skate back across the bench up to the bench across the ice and that's when i was on the bench
and i was all fired up i'm like i'm I'm going, this guy's little, like perfect, perfect. Like I got
this guy, I'm just going to string them out. And I looked down the bench after I was telling all
the boys, I'm going to fight this guy next shift for sure. We're going, I looked down his trainers,
taking his, his visor off. Cause I guess he never really wore a visor. He just had like a, he like
took a puck in the eye and he had to wear a visor. So his trainers like taking his visor off.
I see him.
He's just like, like making a cast on his wrist with tape.
Like he's like looking up at me, taping his wrist, keeps looking over.
And then, yeah, that's when I next shift got out there right by the penalty boxes.
Again, he came at me, made a little play, kind of sucked them in a little pop pass to
the middle, cold shoulder to him.
He goes down, gave him the old cold shoulder.
He goes down.
He goes, now's your chance kid. As he's getting i'm like let's fucking go baby i draw my gloves we
square off he just grabs me like right to the ice like uppercut city i'm going off the ice
or like slow moeing it on the jumbotron i can barely see out my eyes oh just brutal beat down
and that's like salt lake city rink where they played
like the olympics like it was like it was like one of the nicer rinks at the time that i played
in the minors it was nice and i get back in the room and i'm like the game ends and i'm like
looking in the mirror in the bathroom like looking at my face like almost like emotional like i'm
like embarrassed you know you're like almost crying and i'm like and dag
that's when daggle alexander dag comes up to me throws the game notes in front of me right on this
page check the game notes kid i look down i can barely see my eyes are welded shut here he has
like he has like 150 200 pims it's like just after christmas i'm like whoops a daisy back
you could tell me that story every day
until i die and all that's such a good story though it's so amazing amazing story what was
it like playing with dag daggle he was great i liked him i like daggle is it true he used to
travel like just like with the most decked out gear. He always used to be, he always have like a,
he used to have like a huge suitcase. He had a huge suitcase.
I never knew what he had in a suitcase though, but he,
he always says he's just never unpack, but never unpack.
He used to say that. Cause he's always like,
he's just like either waiting for a call up or going on a road trip or doing something that's hilarious.
I remember one time he was all pissed after a game we were in like Cincy he's a beauty hit it like it was all-star break after so
we had to drive back from cincy back to wilkes-barre on like the old school bus which was another story
like the heater broke on the bus there's like ice this thick on like the bus windows well we're
i look over i'm like shivering we're drinking drinking beers, playing cards. It's all star break. And I look over and, or shout out to Orp,
who graduated too, by the way, I saw that.
Shout out to Orp. Orp's got like no shirt on,
like just playing a hardcore game of schnarps. It's freezing cold.
It's like freezing cold.
But he had a flight after that game to like, he was going to like,
I don't know, like LA or Vegas.
And like our game went to went to overtime or something.
He was pissed.
He's pissed.
Oh, he's going to miss this flight.
He's going to miss his flight.
Andre, what's up, buddy?
I mean, I want to go back to Digg.
Now, was he just taken way too high, or was he just the guy who was like,
I'm not here for a long time, I'm here for a good time?
I mean, yeah, he was super talented, but he flamed out.
He was known as one of the bigger busts of that era.
Was it just a case of drafted too high, he just
didn't want it. And he got paid
too, right? They had to make the signing
rules after. He's the reason they got the
entry-level contracts now.
What did he sign for? Do you know, Army?
And obviously going to R.A.'s question.
He got 12.5 million.
Holy fuck. Really?
Gee, maybe check that. He got
12.5 million for three years.
That was back in what, 97?
I was like, what?
That was 93, I think, wasn't it?
12.25 million for five years.
Oh, okay.
So I was off on the years and the money.
So other than that, I was close.
When I got him there, he was good.
Like, he was really good on our team.
He was a sick player, like wicked fast.
I got that little pull-up play could dish like open body,
like Panarin style passing, like had a heck of a little shot too.
You could see like why he was like, why he was good.
And then I think he had like a decent run after that in Minnesota.
I think he went to Minnesota after,
cause I was like following him a little and I was like, damn,
daggles like lighten it up a bit, Minnesota the next year.
Maybe G has those stats. I don't know. Maybe I'm wrong, but I,
I remember my pulling a Merle's making shit up, but no, yeah, he did.
He played Minnesota. He played the next, the next season.
He had 78 games, 20 goals, 31 assists, 51 points. Yeah.
From like the minors and like he, he, he assists, 51 points. Yeah, from like the minors.
And like he could produce, man.
He was a pretty good player.
I don't know if he was like  if he played now,
it'd probably be different for him.
But he was like the guys now. He wasn't super big, wicked fast, skilled, talented.
But just like it's just a different game a little bit like you could
hook and hold a little bit when i played with him they i think it was post lockout
maybe and he uh or pre-lockout i can't i'm getting my ears all confused with that lockout season but
he uh you play with a pre-lock pre-lockout pre-lockout yeah okay yeah so i think the game
was probably a little tougher for a guy of his skill set you know what i mean he was hilarious though when you'd be like hey army army no way there's no
way you could have 70 bad games in a row come on kid are you guys still talking about dag i got
i got a lot of oregon for fuck's sakes um i was gonna ask you about uh terry and
was he ripping darts and on the bus back then oh yeah he was giving her yeah so like so i had
satsi and then i and then i had glenn and then i had terry and which i was like glenn was the
the cream in the middle of the oreo cookie yeah he was just a little easier than the crunch oh yeah oh yeah glenn was like such a nice guy
he was like super nice he was like so relaxed and like calm and then tarian came in the next
year and it was like you know i was like whoa what this is like exact opposite of glenn but
it was like kind of like satsy so i was like okay i'm kind of used to kind of this you know a little
bit of this this style but and then i had him for like buddy how many years i was like okay i'm kind of used to kind of this you know a little bit of this this
style but and then i had him for like buddy how many years i don't even know how many years to
play pro i had him for like every year i had him like wilkes-barre pittsburgh a little bit in
atlanta a little toronto flavor then got him again in montreal at the end when he came back that means
he loved you deep down i think he yeah like i think like you yeah i think he i think he liked
me i think he liked my personality the way i played i think he i think he liked me i think he liked my personality
the way i played i think he liked you know he knew he could what he could get out of me you know
yeah you know like you know when you always say like like for a lot of players like you know why
does it work somewhere it was actually cool i interviewed rod brindamore at the all-star game
and there and and he's a cool guy to interview right because he's kind of this new age coach
it's like a player's coach he's like guys love him he's got good energy he's a cool guy to interview. Right. Cause he's kind of this new age coach. It's like a player's coach. He's like, guys love him. He's got good energy.
He's like thoughtful answers, thoughtful guy,
but like he's authentically just him, you know, it's like, just,
he's intense Rod the bot. But he's like, I was like,
what's up with like coaches nowadays? Like, you know, you get,
you have a good rep reputation. Like he's like, what does it,
what does that mean? Like, you know, I think, you know, if I,
if you asked me who my favorite coach was,
I'd probably say the guy that played me the most,
not even like if he was a good coach or not, just whoever plays you the most. So I think that's, I thought that was like a great answer from Brenda.
Marks is like, so real. It's so true. Right.
It's like a guy likes you and a guy like trust you and a guy plays you.
He's the best coach.
You know, I'm Doug. How'd you like it? and a guy plays you he's the best coach you know i'm doug how'd you
like that for the few years you were there do you think they could have done things different
it actually might have worked there or just not never meant to be in that city i love i actually
love living there i love living there was tough playing there just because i think it could have
been better like i always say this like our marketing thing was like welcome to blue land the fuck is that welcome to blue land i'm like and apparently the fans came with like passports
and like got them punched or something like every time they came to a game is like that's it like
welcome to blue line like i sent an email i remember i don't know who i remember sending it
to i was like i was like dude call our rink like the bird cage like and then when like we come on the ice make like a fucking bird
like that eats humans like yeah like no get something going in here a death bird like i
know we're a thrasher but make it like badass yeah like call it the yeah the bird cage it's
like tough to come into the bird, like change it.
Like, let's make it like badass, you know, like make it fun,
make it cool, you know?
But yeah, it just.
Yeah, and the mascot goes and takes shits on fans
wearing the opposite team's jerseys.
Oh, there's a lot of them there.
He would have to be eating all day.
Yeah.
Sitting up on a perch, dropping bombs from the press box.
That would be unreal. my god but i i thought it could have been yeah i could it could have been better my dad always used to come down and ed's like it's too damn bad you know it's too bad
just that they don't get it working here it's too bad that it's not better because this would
be a hell of a place because it's like cost of living is cheap people are great food's good like uh neighborhoods
where i lived awesome guys lived out the practice rink in beluth outside of town beautiful area
unbelievable traffic sucked but you know major city so whatever you know the rink the rink killed
it too one half of the rink was the suite it. It was the weirdest arena to skate in.
Did I ever tell this story?
I remember Steve Ott, right?
He's coaching for St. Louis now, but you know him, right?
Funny guy.
Funny guy, beauty, always in the middle of it.
I line up with him off a face-off.
I'll never forget it.
There's nobody in the barn.
They're about to drop the puck.
He leans over to me. He goes, how the fuck do you play here?
And I was like, I don't know.
Let's just drop the puck.
I had some good years.
All right.
I got 22 goals there the one year.
And you got to play with Kovalchuk and Hosa.
Yeah, exactly.
I was supposed to get some.
I didn't play with Hosa.
I got traded for Hosa, but I got, I got to play with Slava Kozlov, boys.
So good. Really?
Oh, nasty. Like I liked them. He was grumpy, old school Russian, you know,
like never smiled hardly, but I love the guy. He was so smart.
He used to just give it to guys about, he's all about giving goes, you know? And I, I played that little 10 foot style game with him. Well, too. I think,
I think I did. I love that style of game, but like, you know and i i played that little 10 foot style game with him well too i think i think i did i love that style of game but like you know like if if i'm coming towards one of you guys and
you're coming up ice and i'm coming like back through the neutral zone and i got a guy on my
back like pass it to me even though there's a guy on me and i just pass it back but then i take the
guy with me like that's the way his brain worked like all the time on everything. So he used to just give it to guys like give and go.
Kaner, give and go.
Like Evander Kane, he's like 18.
He's like, what the hell?
He's been yelled at by God.
He's a beauty.
He loved giving goes.
It is a lost art now in the league though, I would say.
Hey, how about that's when you played with,
you played with Bogosian there when he was 18.
And he's such a great guy.
The fact his career
ended up from buffalo to where it is now he's playing big minutes playing great hockey and
everyone's told me just the biggest beast off ice you must have saw it right away when he was 18
buddy this guy this guy's body is amazing he is ripped up like a bad report card, boys. Just unbelievable fitness level,
like amazing genetics. I don't know what it is. I think his brother was like a D1 lacrosse guy.
He was like a lacrosse guy too, but then like chose hockey. He probably could have done whatever
he wanted. He's such like a sick athlete. He could jump so high. He could run.
He could like,
the guy was just a weapon.
And yeah, he came in.
I remember his first like game.
I think it was the first game.
He's 18.
He fights Donald Brashear.
I was like,
Bogo,
like check the game notes.
But yeah,
I think he's been through he's been through some tough
times through his career with injuries and stuff and you know rough go and i kind of lost contact
with him then regained it back again because of tnt biz i got to do between the benches oh yeah
you crushed it buddy you did a great job bud you're like a swiss army knife a they'll send
you to do anything.
I'm like utility guy.
Put me on the first line.
Put me on the fourth line.
Put me on the third line.
Block a shot with my face.
Just get him in the locker room, is the saying, right?
Yeah, yeah.
Just make sure he's in there and he can fill any role.
But in between the benches, you did awesome.
I was really excited.
You called me or texted me.
I think, hey, I'm going to Boston.
I'm in between the benches.
I think that was the first one, right? I wanted to in between the benches. I think the first one, right.
I wanted to hook up for some lunch.
That was my first time.
Yeah, it was, it was, I was, I was so fired up.
And then to watch it, that's gotta be the best feeling post playing you.
Cause you're right there, buddy.
I thought I was in the NHL again.
I was the fattest guy in the league.
I was unbelievable.
I was right there.
Tampa between the benches is like 10 like 15 feet
wide like i'm literally on the ice in boston it was tighter but boston my first game i'd never
done that before i'm working with jonesy biggest beauty ever the best law i love that guy like
unbelievable teammate hilarious like supportive helpful like anything you could ask for. And Johnny Forslund, what a beauty.
I never worked with them.
I met him like in a press box in Pittsburgh a couple of times,
probably more than that. He's been around forever.
But when I was in Boston, which ended up being a crazy game, right?
Like remember the glass fell on that guy's head in the penalty box,
like a ref gets taken out by a shovel dude.
Even the play by play of the guy got crushed by the plexiglass.
I know. I thought the guy had a heart attack.
I had no clue until I saw a replay. I'm like, Oh my God,
am I going to watch a guy like pass away because of a heart attack?
And I was like, this is insane. What am I doing?
Like, I don't know what I'm doing, but after the first period,
I like Jonesy would set me up a little bit, bring me in.
Army, what's going on down there, bud?
I'm like, oh, like, I was like, you know, that's the times that I get in.
And then, like, credit to the producer who, I think his name's Tom McNeely,
which R.A. would probably know this Boston guy, like Peter McNeely's brother.
Oh.
Peter the Hurricane?
Wow.
Yeah. The guy that fought uh
yeah then he got knocked out by a piece of pizza hot pizza in the commercial yeah remember that
commercial he went for the he went for the stuff cross and hit him in the chin and he had a glass
that's a great commercial for the day but he was my producer man and he was awesome so
after the first period he's like like, all right, boys,
I'm just going to open them up here.
You guys can have a nice chat.
So they open it up and the boys are like, hey, Army, how's it going?
How'd it go?
What do you think?
And I'm like, oh, it was good.
I think I could like get in more.
Jonesy's like, buddy, just get in there.
And I'm like, yeah, I know.
I just, I'm like, I'm not like sitting next to them.
So it's my first time doing it.
So it's like, I don't, and I'm like nervous about John Forslund.
Like he's a seasoned veteran play by play guy.
I don't want to step on his toes. He's trying to call a playoff game here.
You know, I don't want to chime in and be like, Oh, what a dangle there,
boys. You see that one?
Yeah. I just called it like shut up army. Yeah. Cut his mic. Yeah, I know.
So I was like, Oh my God, I don't want to be that guy. You know?
So Johnny goes johnny goes
just get in just get in don't worry army i've been doing this a long time you're not going to
step on my toes so like it was the greatest move ever by by mcneely to bring me in and do that just
like after the first period to get a feel and then after that i literally like took off my headset i
stayed in there to listen to you donkeys on the intermission i just took it off for a second literally in my head i said fuck it i'm just gonna rip this game up i don't care
like i'm going for it the boys love it so then after that i was just in there and out of there
i was in and out in and out then chaos ensued and the game was actually a great game too and boston
was going crazy like it's a great place to be tampa was awesome too great atmosphere amazing
it was it's i love that job that job is sick yeah it's great i mean to be tampa was awesome too great atmosphere amazing it was it's i love that
job that job is sick yeah it's great i mean with something that goes on between the benches that
like the average band doesn't notice watching from home like what kind of shit goes on yeah so
bogosian back to him again he saw me in warm-up down there and he started like high stepping all
over the place twirling his stick like he thought he was a dangler and like got her going he's a
he was so happy to see me it was like he was like 18 years old kid again like he lived at my house too for a little while so
it's like i know him quite well like breaking in a league and stuff and um getting his feet wet and
then haven't seen him in so long it felt like and then to see him there he like blocked eyes with me
he's just bouncing he's loving it but just getting like the a few winks from the boys and head nods
some of the guys i know are guys i just played against, like, you know,
speds down there trying to get the boys fired up with the Toronto game was
like, he's like pushing those guys hard down there.
It was kind of cool to hear,
but just penalties and having the monitors there and the,
and the interaction and even the linesman during the commercial like breaks,
they come and stand between the benches there.
So there's always like players talking to them and stuff that you can kind of
get in on. And they're always trying to work angles, like work, you know,
coaches are working the lineys for face-offs and everything. Like it is,
it is a game within a game man down there is going,
I thought there'd be more.
Cause I heard Tampa and Toronto were going at it hard.
I heard it was like very vocal down there, but in game
six, it was it was I was
the pace was fast. Line changes
were ripping. I heard you say always were dialed in
Jeff Halpern was all over their lines
been because Toronto was working him on
draw. Yeah, he was pissed and he's like an old
face off guru in his day. I played with
him. So did I in Montreal. How bad were
his feet? Oh,
I mentioned it to him when I saw him in Tampa too. I was like bad were his feet oh boy i mentioned it too but i saw him in the
tavern too i was like get those feet take care of him get him a mani pedi oh yeah oh buddy can
you imagine that the you'd have to tip out your ass for those suckers like it just just take them
off just amputate them i was gonna i was gonna go back to just playing with sid early days like
that's like the one thing we kind of skipped over like how about this guy's still going oh my god buddy i
know hey i know like i if you would ask me at the start of the year is pittsburgh gonna go 16 years
in a row making the playoffs with no gino and then no sid coming off a wrist surgery i'd have said
probably i think this is the year it's over boys. I don't know. Question marks around Jari the year before,
but like through his career right now, like what he's been able to do,
we know, but like, he was a beast this year.
He was a beast, like unbelievable.
Like I feel like, you know, fans, Pittsburgh fans are pretty spoiled.
I would say, right.
Like Mario, Jager, you know, through those other, like Kovalov, Straka, Lang, like, you know,
they've always had like really good talent here and then,
and then generational talent to get like, you know,
Crosby and Malkin and Flurry and a cup of coffee with Stahl and Tanger.
Well, yeah. Get out of here. Right. Like, so, you know,
and Biz Nasty. Yeah. There's a name. Yeah.
That everyone talks about. yeah they do now they
want you guys to come to pittsburgh man they want chicklets in the bird i thought you might have been
i thought the man though sid's a man i thought he gassed you though because when we were together
in new york before the live stream we were talking about me you and murrell's and then you're like
let's send him a picture we send him a picture. I go get him tonight or tomorrow night, bud.
He gets concussed.
Oh, I know.
Probably like those three mushes fucking mushed me in this city.
Oh, yeah.
I know he's thinking it.
I didn't ask him about it.
I stayed away from it.
I gave him a few days to let it breathe later on after the series ended.
Like that selfie.
Oh, hey, bud, you you still around you want to go
play golf or grab a bite how's everything do you ever hang out with him away from the rink so i
haven't seen him like covid and stuff like buddy when he came back from his wrist surgery have you
guys listened to his podcast thing sits yeah he has like an Amazon podcast thing that came out. I did something.
I answered questions for that.
You did good.
You were great.
I need to listen to that
because it's really good, buddy.
It's all about his rookie year.
It's about his lead up to the NHL
and like his youth hockey
and his draft,
how weird it was
and then like making the show
and then like his entire rookie season.
So there's some great interviews,
some great sound.
It's really good.
It's an audio documentary.
It's described as an audio documentary that takes a deep dive
into Crosby's rookie season.
I got a credit on that.
I got like an assistant producer's credit.
Oh, look at you.
Yeah, buddy, let's go.
Yeah, here we go.
You're going to put R.A. in one of your movies.
Yeah.
Vice versa.
So he was drafted after the year of the lockout and they were it was them and what anaheim for the last two yeah and who
they end up getting bobby ryan yeah that changed everything they must have been rigged well the
pittsburgh wouldn't even be here yeah well the penguins legit argument that that draft was rigged well the pittsburgh wouldn't even be here yeah well the penguins legit argument that
that draft was rigged like i mean the penguins would have been gone like there's no question
right there was a lot of kansas city talk early on like with mario and sid here in pittsburgh like
literally saving the penguins unbelievable you know about him cashing out too he fucking oh yeah
making bank on that deal what do you make 400 million i don't know exactly the number on like his takeaway but going back to sith though
like is there one that you could tell yeah decent you like millions hundreds of millions uh any any
uh any said stories that stick out to your early days though that like you you like that i haven't
told already i mean what hasn't been told like he was for me. He was good for all of us, too.
I think Whit would agree because he was just like a young kid,
like loved hockey and loved hanging out at the rink.
Like, we all liked hockey, but he made us, like, love hockey more.
So he was pretty straight and narrow.
Like, I don't know if I ever  did I ever tell you guys the story
of, like, going to a Steelers game with him?
Bugsy got us a limo no bugs he got us a limo
bugs he got us a limo and we'd stop and get some beers go down the game it's like sid was in there
and we got down there like we're going in gen pop like going in with our like sheets you know like
we're going in regular folks like we're not going into the suite level like we're going in grinder
pittsburgh southwest You're terrible towels.
Oh yeah.
And I remember we got out of the limo and,
and, and he was like,
he was like concerned,
you know,
cause he's such a big star and like here,
it's not a big city and they're crazy about sports here.
So he's getting out.
I'm like,
I'm like a loose can.
I look,
you know,
I'm like trying to work.
I'm like,
relax,
bud,
fucking relax.
Like it's going to be fine.
Just three beers. You're a work. I'm like, relax, bud. Fucking relax. Like, it's going to be fine. You had three beers.
You're a buckle.
Oh, yeah.
Let's get.
We get out of the limo, though.
And he's like, guys, guys, guys, just like make a bubble in case like fans, you know.
And I'm like, yeah, OK, buddy.
So we get out and some some.
So I don't know if it's like a girl or a guy like, oh, my God, is that Colby Armstrong?
And I was like, make a bubble, make a bubble.
And then we got in the game and I got, got the beers going.
I kept standing up and going, Sidney Crosby's here.
Sidney Crosby.
And he was getting, he's like, what the hell, man?
I'm like, relax, you know, just trying to break them down, you know,
make them feel normal a
bit fucking but you brought up bugsy i completely forgot about bugsy during your pittsburgh cross
we never had one day though where no wasn't where he wasn't on the ice like as focused as a human
could be like he was never on the ice ever fucking around no right i mean after practice he'd fuck around but like when
it was going on i just remember him being so intense every single day well yeah i remember
getting like i remember like getting sick before i went to the rink for practice he's like move
your fuck no because i didn't want to i like i i wanted to keep i wanted to play i wanted to like
you had to be on and if it wasn't going that good,
like you weren't producing, like I feel in the heat, you know?
And like, I wanted to do good. Like I cared.
And I would like get so anxious about practice that I was like getting like,
I was like getting sick. It was crazy.
You played awesome with him, man. Yeah, you did. I loved it, man.
That was like the craziest thing ever. Oh, this is so funny now.
Like my son Cruz, he's, he's 11.
He's going to turn 12 soon. Like when we first came back here,
we'd like hang out with Sid.
I remember one day he had us over to his place where like,
he's like pitching wiffle ball to like my kids and like Kunitz,
his kids were there. And, and like Cruz was like down in his basement.
Shoot. He has like a little shooting area. He's like shooting pucks with Sid.
Sid's like showing him all this stuff.
And I thought it was so cool. You know, like he'll remember this, you know?
And then like, he walked, he didn't think anything of it though.
Kinda, you know, I don't, he was younger than he didn't get it.
He thought it was just like Sid, my buddy, you know,
rather than like that was Sydney. Then he'd go to the game.
He'd be like, Oh man, Crosby sick. And I'm like, yeah,
you were hanging out with him the other day.
Like he couldn't compute that it was like the same guy even like with like that's not him yeah
no no that guy that guy with like the huge ass and like you know that's not him but yeah it was it's
it's so funny like and my kid now too like I show him like I'm like there's like a couple pictures
of me like the outdoor game like eight by tens that I have kicking around. And they're like, you know,
it's like me and Gino, like entering the offensive zone. I'm like, I, I,
I forgot. I played on the line with him and Gino and Sid on that,
in that game. I'm like, what the hell is this? I know it's like,
47 games. Yeah. Oh buddy. We were, and we were brutal. And I was like,
I remember leaving the rank at the end of that last game of the year.
I was like, please don't let this season end.
This is the greatest time ever.
I'm like, this is unbelievable.
We were just getting points every night.
I was running guys.
I was involved.
It was crazy.
And then, of course, you saw it, the circus of it, the attention.
Everywhere we went was like a show.
So you were like, I was loving it. I was loving the attention of it. He's the man, like everywhere we went was like a show. So you were like, I was like loving it.
I was loving the attention of it.
He's the man though.
That guy's the man.
You mentioned Gino.
Did you end up seeing those videos on his Instagram when he threw his kid a birthday party
when he had all those guys dressed up as Pittsburgh Penguins players?
No, I didn't see that.
I'm sure Grinnelli will find it somewhere.
He's just like Russian shit.
He had all these like people dress up as Pittsburgh Penguins and in full gear for his kid's birthday party over in Russia like a couple of summers ago.
He was just he was.
I love, you know, now I love his interviews because when we played with him, right, he couldn't really speak English.
And like he was still funny and like fun.
And like he'd come out to the club and he'd just be like, you know,
he'd be giving her and like, he couldn't speak a lick of English,
but like he was still like out with the hanging out with the boys and stuff.
Like he, it must've been hard, you know, but now he's like,
he's probably the best interview in the NHL.
Oh, Gino.
Oh, like unbelievable.
Like, like, like I shoot, like I go fast.
Like I get the puck.
Like I score.
Like, like he says, like a gazillion times, like he's, he's just given her,
he's the greatest interview.
So the only story that's coming to my head about Gino was when,
and I think I was with the team.
I was with the team when they, the year they won the cup for,
I only played 15 games.
Yeah.
That was when Tarion started the year there.
Yeah.
And, and Tarion had the system where he wanted you guys dumping it
in and then holding the red line it was like so ridiculous given all the players and gonchar
helped him out a lot because he was basically his russian translator to give him all the information
that tarion was trying to tell him and obviously gino being the player he was wasn't really
following the system because he was like fuck this i'm not dumping it in yeah so terrian called them in and gonch had to go in and translate and terrian i guess was like
hey tell malkin that if he doesn't dump it in i'm gonna sit him and so it's like and then
malkin says something back to gonchar then gonchar says something back to him and then malkin says
something and then finally uh gonchar tells terry and he goes he says if you sit him he's going back to russia
what a beauty that's just kind of the and then and then sure enough like a few weeks later he
was fucking gone and then bilesma came in and the rest is history right oh yeah yeah and gino was
gino's a freak though like remember how much  remember we always talk about how much he weighs?
Because he's like  in the day, he's still pretty
He's like Kevin Durant.
He's got the same legs as Kevin Durant.
He's like a toothpick skinny guy, but he's like 225.
Remember we used to be like, are your bones made of cement?
And he trucks people, too.
He trucks through everybody like he's a machine.
He's just a machine.
Hey, boys, a little late here
it's deep into the playoffs time for pool parties family gigs golf outings it's also time for pink
whitney in the summertime try it as a shot mix it with a club soda or just grab a case and throw
parties all summer long either way enjoy that fresh pink lemonade taste of pink whitney have
a great summer wherever you have your pink whitney i gotta
get some man i gotta stock up um speaking of pink whitney i mentioned it last uh last episode so
we're planning this pink whitney tour in canada i'm gonna be there we're gonna lock in a bunch
of bottle signings and bar appearances throughout western canada i'm gonna start my trip in winnipeg
and i'm gonna work my way all the way out to vancouver actually i'm going to be stopping by a couple of your uh cities that you mentioned along the way uh um colby i'm going to
be stopping i think in brandon for a bottle signing i'm going to be in uh i'm going to go to
saskatoon saskatchewan let's go toontown buddy toontown i'm gonna hit up my buddy's bar there
you've been to it i think which one crazy cactus. Okay. I'll try to make an appearance, but we're going to do a bunch of bottle signings.
Everything is going to be involving Pink Whitney.
I don't know what the name of the tour is going to be called,
but we're going to hit up all these Canadian locations,
so look out for that.
And, of course, thank you to our main sponsor.
And for all you Spit and Chicklets fans, keep supporting the brand,
and we're going to keep humming along here.
And maybe if Edmonton and others advance,
maybe we will do something in Edmonton during the third round of playoffs.
If they advance?
Oh, yeah.
If they advance.
It's not looking good.
I know.
I'm not confident either.
We're just buzzing with Army.
But people are wondering.
I mean, let's get into this.
I love this.
This effort by them has been
pathetic they had the biggest gift in maybe playoff history goal wise people are pairing
it to lidstrom on dan clotier he was skating forward and took a slap shot from the red line
anderson was backing up the craziest goal i've ever seen. Backing up, floating one. It goes in.
Smith's looking at Duncan Keith.
You had the best reaction, Biz.
Oh, the greatest reaction.
They get that gift, and they still can't win.
Edmonton has found something.
It is officially a cup-contending team.
I got a hockey idea for all the fan bases out there,
and hear me out with this this just for the fact of the
smith goal my idea is you know how teams do a whiteout this is my brain all right they do the
whiteout right so he obviously shot it as a guy was passing in front of him it just missed him
it might have like been hidden like a little fucking magician trick a little bit until it
came out of the blue came out of the forest forest. He couldn't find it. Right.
Why don't teams fan bases do half the rank?
So the visiting team goalies at the other end, that half of the rank,
they were all black. Wow. And then switch it up.
And then switch the next period you switch. Cause there's no, there's,
he lost it coming out of the people
out of the players and then it got up into the glass right like in his field of vision it was
probably at the height of the people and it's probably at that point a little bit tough to
track if you lose it for a second or find it and then once you lose it you lose it but if there's
black i don't know i just feel like it could be like a minimal advantage you know like a minimal
i've heard goalies say that even when they do the whiteouts,
it's really hard to track the puck when it gets shot above the,
the,
the white and then like the little black openings and holes and
everything.
Like,
can you imagine what that would look like?
How you could track how you can find it now?
What do you make of Calgary's game against Edmonton army?
I,
they look like a completely different team,
although I guess that goals against all season long so far,
including playoffs against Markstrom, is about four and a half.
So he hasn't had much success, but they've been playing right into Edmonton's hand.
They're playing pond hockey.
Okay, who's the stats guy here?
Stat guy Witt.
Stat guy Witt.
Oh, Jesus.
Oh, yeah, someone else can help us.
Mangia Pani, what's he doing?
Dube, what's he doing?
Let's go through, like, the depth list.
You know, you got, like, Hyman sniping, like, Beast.
You've got, you know, guys chipping in on Edmonton all over the place.
Like, how are you going to win if you don't, like, have depth scoring?
It's the biggest thing.
Like, goaltending and depth scoring and your stars have
to be your stars. Edmonton's got it. Edmonton's got it.
And Calgary doesn't, especially the guy you mentioned earlier, Kane,
he's got 12 goals right now.
There hasn't been a player in 25 years who have had, who has had 15 goals,
15 goals.
This is last year in Edmonton. He can't play in Edmonton again.
Why is that?
How are they going to pay him?
Do you think they can afford to pay him?
So you think somebody's going to give him the bag again?
Well, the guy's on pace right now for a full season.
I saw some number.
He's got a 52-goal pace in an 82-game season.
Yeah, but part of that is like if he's
He wears out his welcome pretty quick.
I don't mind him at all.
That's true too.
They always say that too.
So it's like if Edmonton wanted to resign him and they're like,
listen, take this discount.
I mean, I guess he can't really afford to take a discount contract.
That's the thing.
That was like me when I was playing with Sid.
40 points in 47 games, games 16 goals was ripping it up
ray shiro go call i'm negotiating told me hey you know what kid you do it again next year we'll buy
the beers don't worry here's your two-way uh here's your two-way uh you know what do they
send you that qualifying offer i'm like seriously then like a few years later it's like you know
it's like all these guys from edmonton
like six times six six times six six times six six i'm like what the hell did i get a break like that
but yeah something definitely switched now when you play with evander i mean obviously you know
you hear about all these stories but i you know one-on-one i had a good experience with him i
went golfing with him one time now you like did you enjoy he was like he was 18 he was he was
out of junior like he's definitely got swagger and he had confidence then but like like he was a he
was a he was a straight line horse blinders on powerhouse skater like poke pucks by guys beat
him with a skating but he had like a great release and a shot but he always had that physicality
right like i saw him the other day when he was in pittsburgh too and like when i played 18 year old compared to what he is now guy's a fucking
truck now like i i go holy shit man you've changed a lot since i last saw you goes yeah well i was 18
the last time so his shoulders it is like he he was always in good shape, but like he is built like he's a, he's a horse man. And, you know, and, and I mean, I thought he,
I thought in his career, you know, yeah, he did it to himself.
I think a lot of the stuff,
but I think he never looked for me more comfortable and seeing him in a
shark's uniform. I thought he like played his best.
He looked like comfortable in his game. Like he looked like he was, it was working out for him there of all the places like Atlanta,
Buffalo, Winnipeg of all the places, San Jose seemed to be really, really good. And
obviously, um, that ran stale as well. So I do think he's, I do think he's getting better,
which is crazy. Like I do. And maybe it's the McDavid factor, but I do think he's,
you know, becoming a better playmaker. he's a guy that could always score goals and i think now more
than ever guys with personality i think and uh you know physicality with that game is like hard to
find especially with these new guys coming on he could pump any fucking. He's probably top six toughest guys in the league.
He doesn't have to fight.
He could go.
I mean, didn't he fight Ryan Reeves?
He fought Reeves.
Yeah, he fought Reevel.
So he's just.
Like twice, I think.
Didn't he fight him twice?
Like, that was crazy.
Yeah.
But what other things are you picking up from that series?
Real quick, you mentioned the Flames.
You mentioned Mangiapane and Doobie.
They've been held, but they have one point combined in the past three games. series real quick you you mentioned the flames you mentioned manji and bonnie and doobie they've
been held but they have one point combined in the past three games yeah where's yarn croak what's he
got like what's going on with these guys where that where are they you can't tell me chris tan
of is like you gotta score some goals you gotta have it going nude i mean not that he's like oh
i love that finally got it sick and then yamamamoto is getting, I love that guy better and better.
I love that kid's game right now.
He's like, he's like a little, like his like skate.
He's like, he's so fast.
He can create, he makes plays.
He's like a little knockoff Jake Gensel kind of a little bit,
maybe a little bit more physical.
Do you think that they match up?
Well, let's say the abs advance tonight.
Oh, my God.
This is what we got to know, boys.
What's that series going to be like?
All eyeballs.
McKinnon, McDavid.
Edmonton has a chance.
You got Leon.
Who's Leon match up against off of that?
Then you've got like Rantanen.
Coddry.
Coddry will have his stick like four feet inside of his
ass oh hey uh that guy's a beast actually right now we're recording before game five of the
colorado avalanche and blues uh game so we're gonna actually hop on back after we're gonna
break down the other games and the other series and wrap up here but uh good news for tnt we are doing the west so we are going to be in colorado and then more than
likely or excuse me if they close out and if edmonton closes out we're going to be hopping
back and forth so um look for us to be there i'm hoping that we can all travel together and uh
and army if you got some free time you know come and join us. Hey, I've got to say this. That'd be awesome.
I've got to say this, too.
Do you think Calgary can chip away?
I don't think that series is over.
I don't want to get ahead of myself.
I know.
I think they have a team that if they can, like, everyone.
So I got a chat.
Shout out Aircon Blades.
It's a little beer league team.
I play at a couple of these, like, fantasy camps.
They're all, like, Oilers fans with, like, a smattering smattering of flames fans on this chat and they were going nuts last night like after
the first period like here we go let's go and i i tweet i texted on it i was like hey can you
imagine the flames get a little momentum in that second period get heated up make this game and
then sure enough like i was 100 right we had ourselves a hockey game, but like, can they carry that through?
Can they like put a game together here and like build on it?
And then all of a sudden it's like period to period,
all of a sudden it's game to game and it becomes something like,
do you think that.
Or that McDavid was human last night?
Yeah.
So it was Johnny.
Where was Johnny?
I know,
but at least,
at least they slowed down McDavid a little.
He still had two assists,
but I don't know the other games he was, was at I think a little higher level than game yeah
would you agree oh yeah oh yeah well that's a but that's the thing though you talk about the
secondary scoring in games where he's just average you need your other guys to step up and they did
and and I just I'm gonna tell you from a guy who's been watching a lot of Calgary hockey all season
long they look like a completely different team.
And I know that they haven't played Edmonton that well
from an overall shutdown defensive standpoint,
but I want to say they won the season series,
and they were dummying them late in the year.
I'm telling you right now, I think this series is over.
I mean, this has been a pretty unbelievable 3-1 series so far.
I mean, this has been, you never know what's going to happen.
Like, craziness is happening all the time.
Like, just goal scoring like mad and then comebacks.
And, like, it's been, I think, great for fans.
Like, it's been awesome for hockey. And I do think that the Flames, if they can find a way to get going next game,
I think it could snowball for them.
I really do.
You start Markstrom next game?
Yeah, I do.
I love Markstrom.
So do I.
He just doesn't look like the regular season Markstrom.
Yeah.
He looked great in the third period.
I know he gave up the game when it wasn't really his fault.
He made that save on Leon before that goal. what a weird year on leon was amazing yeah
what a weird year for goalies hey this playoffs it's you don't never been crazier like is freddie
anderson like hiding somewhere where's i know it must have been a serious injury that i don't know
nobody knew there is a i like freddie. I'm a Freddie guy. I like Freddie.
Let's hop over to that St. Louis Avs series.
And I know we're coming back later.
What did you make of the Caudry collision with Bennington?
I didn't think anything of it.
I thought he went in with one hand, tried to reach to poke it,
and a collision happened.
And just like, I think they just went in there together
on a hard play at the net.
I mean, the puck was laying there for sure.
Like, I think Berube had a good point on a hard play at the net. I mean, the puck was laying there for sure. I think Berube had a good point.
Look at his reputation.
But I don't think it was anything.
I think they got it right.
I think it's just like, that sucks.
That's what I think.
That's what we all said, too.
It was a hockey play.
Well, if you watch the replay, too, you can see like naz is completely it looks like he's
almost like relenting to the guy defending him a little bit like he kind of reaches but he's like
okay i don't know if i'm gonna get there before this guy and he kind of like he kind he's not
like diving headfirst like a psycho into the net like i would have done I would have went right in there. But how about the response game by him though?
Oh my God.
I loved it.
That'll go down as one of the best performances in avalanche.
I'm so proud of him, man, as a player.
Cause I played with him as rookie year in Toronto.
Oh, wow.
And he came in as like a, you know, skill guy, dangler, like London night.
Like, uh, I don't know what they thought he would
be i thought he would be like i was like i remember talking to him like dude like
you've got like an edge to you like you ever watch mike ribeiro play like he's like a skill
half wall guy but he's like a he'll like stick a stick in your face you know he's like a little
bit like crazy I was wrong.
He's turned into an absolute beast, like a beast.
I would take him on my team all day.
I thought he would be a selkie guy this year for sure.
I don't think he got nominated, did he? I would say in the first 40 games of the season,
I would have put him in top five for heart.
I think he was easily top five for heart i think he was he was he was
easily top five in scoring and i want to say that landis cog and maybe even mckinnon were dealing
with injuries and he was leading them to victory and yeah i mean gee you could pull it up after the
first half of the season what was he at the all-star game i talked to him yeah he was an
all-star too right and he or no he got snubbed and then they might have added him afterward yeah yeah
they added him he's an all-star though like this guy can do it all physical he can check he wins
face-offs he's got he's he's a prick you know he can score he's got hands he can he can deal it to
wheel and deal it i mean i even though the game's what's he going to make? Dear God. Oh, that's what I was going to ask you that.
I was also thinking, even though the games change to have to have the ability or that part of just being a prick is so valuable for her.
I think so, too.
It's a lost art.
It'll forever be if you're an absolute asshole on the ice.
You're just you know what I call it now wit to be nice
i say he has personality
that's what i say you got to get guys with personality in here you know they play with
the spirit in the eyeball he's got a ton of personality yeah yeah like you got to get a
guy in here that's on the edge of it he's got a little personality he's like a firecracker
a little bit crazy maybe like a little he's always in it you
know you need guys like that unpredictable yeah yeah and uh i think those guys you're right biz
wit i think you're right lost art i think it's it's needed so much through lineups and i think
you know we've seen through these playoffs too guys that play like that or you know are always
find a way to be successful like look yeah look look at perron
guy's feisty gamer look at like even like the toronto the toronto and new york biz is like shut
up guy sucks but toronto and new york he's speedy little guy but he's always getting his nose in
there you know i mean even look at like who's that guy in boston what's his name they picked him up no
the defenseman the big shot blocker forbert forbert oh my god i want to call their cup with
him he's fucking awesome i like ian cole forbert like you know guys that can play physical but are
also like just eat eat pucks like like nothing like those guys just, you need guys like that. Anton Volchenkov.
Yeah, the Volchenkov train.
He was in Ottawa, wasn't he?
He hit me. Binghamton in Ottawa, he hammered people
and blocked every shot.
Buddy, guy smoked me
in the old bingo rink in
Broome County. I was coming
out of my zone. I looked up. He wasn't
there. Looked back. And he was
like a little truck too
like his equipment and stuff he hit me i never went down stood me up i got to like the red line
i dumped it in all i could see was like i could only see this everything else was like all right
and i couldn't hear it was like you were looking through a toilet paper roll yeah it looked like i
was like looking through a toilet paper roll i went and
sat on the bench and i was like sitting there and it's just like all of a sudden i could hear again
i was like whoa what the hell happened there that was crazy the the volchenkov train like
wish we could have got the baseline back then hey like hey no concussion protocol and i was in those
get those crazy games against bingo with us hey so i
want to i want to ask you about this so this is one thing i don't even bother most of the time
getting engaged because it's painful but you see a lot of the check marks and a lot of the hockey
media anytime you see a big hit or big collision oh my god they all just start crying like for
instance the last one was truba yeah um truba on Sid. Truba's probably got 10.
What are some other big ones?
Zdorov on Glenn Denning.
Oh, my God.
That one was his knees.
He looked like a marionette puppet.
Yeah.
But that's hockey.
That's hockey.
Even the Truba one.
I think Domi knew he's coming.
Yeah.
He kind of bailed out of it. You know what's a sick move in that spot? that's hockey even the the truba i think doma knew domi knew he's coming yeah and like he kind
of bailed out of it you know what's a sick move in that spot no he's coming and yeah duck and he
comes full torque and he goes right over into the boards like a psycho that's upside down you don't
want to hear what's going on in my head boys yeah hey we should talk about that but like
submarining is bullshit if you fucking
submarine i oh you deserve to get your eyes pumped shut but i think domi knew he was common kind of
kind of he tried to bail out but the angle was taken and he got thunder crunched i mean once
you're committed coming that fast too and your guy bails like that i mean like how are you gonna
were you gonna hurdle him almost i don't know how you do it i don't know how it changes and credit to true but like this is a guy who i think when he was in
winnipeg was not as physical was a little bit more offensive and ever since adam fox came in he really
adjusted his game where he took a step back from worrying about producing offensive as a defensive
but he still puts up decent numbers but but he's become a killer. Yeah.
He's been smashing guys.
He's been, he's a big body guy.
He's been smashing guys.
He could, he's pretty mobile for how big he is.
And I mean, even on like the McKinnon hit and others,
like he's coming up to play.
I like he's, he's coming to take you.
You know what I mean?
I personally didn't like the sit hit and you can say I'm a Homer,
you know, but I don't like,
cause I got suspended for
two games before for a little chicken wing action like that and i know like on the hitter because
i've had hearings before about this when they started bringing this stuff in i've had hearings
and it's like a hundred percent on the hitter it's a hundred percent on you it's not on
you know the guy getting hit you know how we always say like oh why would he put himself
in that position what an idiot but it's like it doesn't matter anymore it's like you're you're
gonna get cleaned up you know like you're if you're the hitter it's on you so when he goes
to hit a guy and sid kind of you know slips him to the side and he gives him the old i'm gonna get
a piece of you and i mean it was a compact little chicken wing but he still gave he if you if you don't get him clean like that you can't you can't reach you can't reach
because then you get in trouble and if you get a guy and straight on so i i i didn't like that one
but i don't know what troop was going to do on the domey one i mean i don't i don't i don't know
but he's you're right biz he i think he i think he always like always like fancy himself as like a skilled guy, high pick, like, you know, producer.
And he's turned into this like rock steady presence,
shut down with him and Miller just beasts.
Okay.
So people are going nuts.
Cause Grinnelli just teased you that you're on tomorrow and we'll get tons
of action.
So somebody goes, if I don't hear the mindsies dropped,
I'm going to be furious.
I chucked a couple of mindsies out.
Didn't I?
I saw you chuckling over there.
I think we say Junesies.
What do you call it?
Junesies.
Yeah.
Junesies.
The mindsies.
Now we did.
I've been waiting for it,
man.
With bated breath.
Mindsies.
You gotta get in the mindsies boys.
You gotta spend.
I always rip on Sid,
buddy.
Like you,
you don't even know what it's like,
but you have it so easy.
You never,
you never played the mindsies, but like, get out of here. Oh, the miners.
Okay. Yeah. I even stumped biz. That's that's ridiculous.
I never heard that. I heard anything. What else?
I'm going to keep reading here,
but people are pumped and I was pumped and you're going to come back on.
That's good, man. Like,
I think you guys got a lot of listeners like shout out to your Canadian
listeners for sure. Right. Like Saskatoon. i think there's lots of saski people so one uh one thing
that we have not discussed and yeah what are we gonna do we gotta talk about the tampa bay lightning
oh yeah yeah andre vasileski i'm gonna put uh put my holy what do you looks like you're on the
whiskey bottle there you got the old whiskey nose going
i said there was no way that vasilevsky was going to stop the florida panthers hey whit i thought he
had the bourbon nose going a big bourbon guy now i gotta apologize to tampa fans i fucked that one
up i thought yeah you did no way so there you go i put the fucking clown nose on the clown head so
there you go you guys win i'm 90 of on the clown head. So there you go. You guys win. I'm 90 of the people listening, if not more, know the stat by now.
But in the last seven closeout games.
Six shutouts.
He's given up one goal.
Oh, my God.
What the hell is that?
Buddy, when I was doing game six in Tampa for Toronto series,
Braden Point, biggest beauty ever uh scored no t i i met him
for the first time that night remember the night before i was on the feed and i was like this guy
just drinks rums and cokes and eats chicken fingers like yeah i think g clipped off a thing
of like me going he's got rum in his veins he's got the next thing i know i'm sitting there
interviewing him as he's got like, hey,
man, nice to meet you. Hope you didn't watch that thing last night. Hey, does he actually
crush a lot of rum and Cokes? No, I don't know. I think he's just like a simple, like awesome,
like, like, you know, like Johnny ham and cheese stories, you know, like I heard he has like a
flip phone that might be completely fake. I heard he just wears Crocs all the time, too. I've seen stuff.
He just literally wears like Crocs and cargo shorts and eats chicken fingers. What other rumors can we make up about this guy?
I heard he lives in a coming back game.
One of these two coffers.
Hey, I heard he lives in a sprinter van outside of the rink.
He doesn't even own a home.
No.
Yeah, he doesn't.
Yeah.
Yeah.
He doesn't even have like he like skateboards on, but like of the rink he doesn't even own a home no yeah he doesn't yeah yeah he doesn't
even have like he he like skateboards on but like to the rink but like in his crocs but like in one
of those old banana boards yeah he actually washes his clothes in the ocean he doesn't have
a he doesn't use a washing machine he has a laundry bag an extra one at home and he brings
in makes the trainers washes his his dick out i think it's a great it's a sick move this is like i'm not spending you know
how much money it is at the laundromat like come on like oh christ here we go i've been getting my
laundry done at the four seasons it's fucking 20 to get a shirt 20 20 grand 20 grand a month to get
your dry cleaning 20 grand uh 20 grand for your pink whit boxers to get fricking folded.
Boys.
I'm not sure if Braden point is looking for a new pad quite yet,
but if he is,
he's got to go with cross country mortgage. Cause when you're buying a home,
it can feel like you're skating on thin ice.
There's thousands of things that can go wrong.
So you need a team that will help you navigate the home buying process.
And that's what cross country mortgage is for.
They have a team of loan offices dedicated to get you the best possible loan terms available.
They have an average close time of 21 days,
which is ridiculously fast.
They've got a wide variety of loan types,
which means they've got everything to cover everyone.
And we have some exciting news.
They're giving away free bar stool
and Cross Country Mortgage sweatshirts white
when you sign up to refi
or get pre-approval while supplies last. So go with cross-country mortgage. You'll experience what it's like to skate on fresh
ice. Go to ccm.com slash barstool so cross-country mortgage can take you through the buy-in process
or the refi process. Cross-country mortgage LLC NMLS 3029 all loans subject to underwriting approval www.nmlsconsumeraccess.org sorry boys
gotta pay those bills yeah I was gonna say though about uh Vasilevsky on top of being like
every time they show him his eyes are just like bugging out of his head like he's crazy but like he's so big he's a monster like isn't his like his like torso
is like the biggest goalie torso ever and i was like saying to jonesy when i was working that
game i'm like buddy down there you look at him like he's huge he's huge no net nothing it's crazy
and then i'm and i'm like is is that real like he's that big he looks like me
when i play beer league with no shoulders on just like a barrel and he's like he's like buddy this
guy's if you saw him off the ice he's like he's huge he's like thick like big i'm like jesus
that's why before the year stamkos was doing interviews. We can win again. We have Vasilevsky.
That's why, at what point could they not win the Stanley Cup when they have the core of Hedman, Stamkos, Point, Vasilevsky, Kucherov,
and they're all at a high level still.
Bucci got it going, too.
Oh, yes, he did.
He was dogging it in the first round.
Apparently, he had the flu.
He was sick.
Okay, I heard that later, too.
I felt bad. Did we talk about that? Yeah, he had the flu. He was sick. Okay, I heard that later, too. I felt bad.
Did we talk about that?
Yeah, he had the flu game six and seven.
But, hey, even in game seven.
Early in the series, he didn't look great either, I'm saying.
Yeah, I mean.
Must have been coming on.
Incubation period.
He had eight points in five or six games.
I mean, it's not brutal.
So that's like a.
But, buddy, you see him now.
He like foot racing guys and poking in at the red line to get a change
and stuff.
Like he has a buzzing Coochie's buzzing.
He makes a first pass.
Like he's like Crosby,
you know,
he gets the puck.
He doesn't like touch it.
He knows where it's going right away.
Ding,
ding,
ding.
Like they move it faster than anyone,
but yeah,
the Vasilevsky save at the end too,
or like drop back door.
And then he kind of like stretched.
And then he just casually went John ClaClaude Van Damme upper split like
he was just like holding a split like
on two chairs.
I was like he was dressed as the
penguin in that movie at the Igloo.
What's that movie
called?
Let's go.
What was
what else were we going to? Oh, all right.
Do you have something for army?
I know I just wasn't sure what we want to go to next i know we'd be kind of bouncing around a little bit uh i thought we might want to talk about nazem cadre a little bit more um the way
very eloquently spoke after the game you know went through all this bullshit and a lot of the
messages were posted i don't know if you guys saw them not just the typical like stupid racist
bullshit that still goes on and you know they were
able to trace some of the fans in st louis and he made the point of saying you know don't be
smart to everyone in st louis which i you know he didn't have to say that he could have no i said
that but um yeah he spoke gee we should run a little bit of a clip here i think he'll say it
better than i will yeah i mean it's a good message i think you know people need to be aware that this
stuff still happens and uh you know it's hurtful it's hurt. I know a lot of people don't have to deal with that
and they might not understand what it feels like,
but people are trying, which I appreciate.
And, you know, at the end of the day, you know, I'm a good hockey player
and, you know, I just try to provide for my team
and, you know, try to put all that aside.
And, you know, I just worry about some people that maybe aren't, you know,
some kids that aren't as mentally tough as I am and, you know, I have to about some people that maybe aren't, you know, some kids that aren't as mentally tough as I am.
And, you know, I have to kind of go under through that scrutiny and that criticism.
And, you know, that's why I want to do the best I can to help.
Yeah, man. I mean, the guys under this microscope, he's dealing with this shit.
And it's not new. He's been dealing with it for decades now.
And, you know, he said, like, you know, some people might not as be as strong as I am mentally tough, like mentally strong as me.
So they might quit the game.
So that's why he wants to, like, you know, get this shit spotlight on it, eradicate it and just call people out, man.
It's like I say, every time we talk about it, we just shake our heads.
It's like whatever year it is, 2022 was still dealing with this bullshit.
But either way, he had a great response and he was just very eloquent after the game.
What he said, I thought was perfect, and, you know,
I want to give him props for that.
Some other pour-over, too.
There was some criticism of Berube because he was asked about the threats,
and they just released a statement today.
Like, some of these older guys, they're not on social media.
They don't understand what's happening.
Tell him what he said, too, Biz.
Tell him how he answered that, right?
He said no comment, didn't he?
Yeah, he said no comment didn't he yeah he said no comment and and and the the quote that came out today and the response from st louis and berube was i was asked about it like he he thought that like obviously because st louis fans
were angry they were saying like oh we don't he was getting threats yeah he was getting threats
like you know and and hey that's not right either but he was
just because he said no comment and he was unaware of all the racist threats that makes it so
different he's he's indigenous you know he he's you know and and and then people try to bring up
berube's past and it's just like guys he not everybody's dialed into this whole social media
thing so yeah thankfully they released a statement let's hope that we can all put this behind us. And as far as all the fucking racist comments, shit, it's fucking brutal.
Social media is very toxic in some regards.
And that is a main reason for it.
And I mean, I can sit here and say, let's hope we don't see it again.
But I mean, I would imagine.
Like how dumb are you that you react that way?
That's just, it's just like, how big of a loser are you that you react that way?
You're a fucking loser.
You're an absolute joke of a human being.
I just don't know what makes you want to do that.
Like what,
why do you get,
are you that mad?
Like,
are you that miserable with their own life?
That it's just,
it's,
I,
it's insane,
dude.
There's nobody to answer to online either like you know
you could say don't worry about getting punched in the face you know oh yeah that's true too
that's what didn't mike tyson say that recently yeah with with ip addresses and everything that's
going on let's hope these people that have sent threats and to his wife yeah um do deal with some
form of consequence like i mean if if you're sending like that to
someone privately i think that you should probably lose your job yeah a few people have that i think
i think i think i think you need to go away and you need to do a little bit of thinking
so um yeah uh what a game though for nas to do that on top of that too like just in the heat of
all that with his family i mean and then to handle it
like you said with his interviews and you know touching on doesn't reflect on all st louis fans
you know when in that moment in that moment as well um just maturity you know um what words can
you think of that i don't know same thing yeah keep going beyond hockey though it's like beyond
hockey what he did though you know so i give him a ton of credit for not only the way he
came out and performed but how he handled it too all-time quote too he's like for those who for
those who hate that's for you i know yes that's what he said that's an all-time quote from nazi
man good for him so uh going back east um biz the rangers too straight at home save the best for
last i'm more i'm more like where not worried i shouldn't say that word but the the hurricanes
on the road like all right now you're at the point where you're there's an issue right i mean to not
be able to to be that good at home and not be able to go on the road and transfer it just dirk has definitely played great but it's shocking right now i i can't
believe they would go and lose both again i'm actually concerned for carolina like i think
that this that was a such a momentum swing i actually think that the rangers are now going
to win that series it felt the same though against b. Let me tell you this, though. I was watching. Like, Ajo, Taravainen, they're, like, tiny.
They're on the outside.
Like, at least I like Trocek.
I know him from here, too.
But, like, he's an inside guy.
He's around the net.
You know, like, I thought Svechnikov was quiet.
He's, like, a big body.
Like, you got to play a big body game.
You got to get in there kid and
he's a hell of a player i love him my kid loves him too i'm like good like that guy he's sick
that's who you want to play like yeah but pick a different number
i think a whole last game first point on the road all playoffs so you i mean that's just kind of
like a microcosm of everything that's been going on with them on the road, all playoffs. So you, I mean, that's just kind of like a microcosm of everything
that's been going on with them on the road.
They just haven't gotten production from really anyone and they've yet
to win on the road.
So if they fucking don't hold serve at home, they're toast.
They're toast.
And, but Keith, Keith, the handle said before, or maybe it was when
playoffs had just started, he goes, they will not lose one playoff game
at home all playoffs long
so that's why home ice is so important and if they're able to advance then will they get martin
back we're hearing i'm hearing uh i'm hearing freddie rumors he's on the ice possibly i'm
hearing ranta hasn't ranting it's not been the problem ranta ranta yeah he really hasn't been
oh fuck i said ranting and fuck i even played with rance really hasn't been. Oh, fuck, I said Rantan. Fuck, I even played with Ranta. He hasn't been the problem in Colorado, so it kind of worked.
Gee, why don't you pull up Ranta's numbers?
Like, he's had some pretty redonkulous stats.
Oh, yeah, he's been good.
He's had a good career, I think, hey?
Like, he was really good.
He just got injury troubles and continues to, kind of.
But, like, he's a pretty rock-solid kind of but like he's pretty rock solid
goaltender when he's on you know yes he's really good which is rare anything else that you guys
want to touch on ra do you have any notes there uh yeah the canes just two goals in the two msg
games the power play is 0 for 9 in the series we already mentioned 0 for 5 on the road outscored
21 to 8 on the road 6 and 0 at home oh i got a great line i work with paul steigerwald
longtime penguins broadcaster steigy he texts me during that rangers game and he goes you know
just as important as a first goal is sometimes that first big save is just an important remember
that save shisterkin early in that game coming across glove save, like, so like goaltending, man. And we always talk about goaltending.
And as like a hockey, you know, media broadcast or whatever, it it's,
I hate talking about goalies, but they're like,
when a goalie can make a save like that, like just Sterkin come across.
And you're, it's kind of like, it's just like,
it's almost like scoring first, almost, you know,
it's kind of gives you like that you that life when you got a guy.
And the team knows that they're going to get saves.
They didn't score, but that save made us feel like it.
It's right there.
So it's crazy.
What did that guy come on last night I was watching, Avery Zaretsky?
Oh, this guy is a mutant.
You called him out on the Vasilevsky. What this guy you called him you called him out on uh on on the Vasilevsky uh uh
what his name Igor the clips of Igor is gonna is better than and Vasilevsky and he was like
he was kind of backpedaling a bit and said he didn't say that but
puff luck no no what he said was he goes I'd rather shisterkin than vasilevsky that was his entire
argument i'm like you're insane because he plays for the rangers well yeah he's a diehard rangers
fan but but he wasn't he's like this year he's better than him and he wasn't taking to account
that's true every other year so well i will say though he we might have a head-to-head battle if
the rangers can figure this out unreal lur this series, looks like himself from the regular season.
Abe, going back to Pitt, though, Army,
they looked like they were primed and ready.
If they hadn't been free, they might have won another cup.
Looking at it now and, like, what the Rangers are doing at Carolina,
you know, how they're playing them and what's working and, like, you know, ability to create scoring chances and goals.
I mean, going into playoffs, I don't know.
And the end of the year with Pittsburgh,
I don't know if I was super confident that they would have a run,
but watching them the way they, you know,
created chances and like outshot and outchanced and like how good
Shusterkin had to be and still had a three, one lead,
had two, two goal leads and had two five on threes in games,
five and game six,
and couldn't put the Rangers
away. I don't know how. I don't know why
they couldn't. Even in game seven,
up by a goal with five minutes
left before Zibanejad
scores that goal.
Anjari, short side, Cheddar.
How's she going? That's where I put it all the time.
Boy's a little half-clopper down the side.
You mean on
domain yeah no it was on jari game seven when he slanked it oh slank slank that was a snipe
right from the dot there he just kind of opened it up like boom but i that tied it took it to ot
but i thought i thought no way the penguins like give up give up relinquish this one goal lead
in in game seven and the third and this team the rangers just like wouldn't go away like i give them a ton of credit but it's
like can you imagine the pens would have got through can you imagine if they would have just
closed it out somehow or crosby didn't get hurt or they did have jari or you know everything kind
of all these excuses kind of worked out but um what they would look like against carolina because
you know they're they're pretty dangerous team and you know and to like the the igor shisterka and vasilevsky
talk about him being better this year it's like yeah guy he was he's a he's he's young he's he's
hungry like this guy just went two cups in a row really good he's really good but like these old
veteran guys they know how to manage themselves
just get me to the playoffs man just get me there i don't care take your president's trophy
go have fun we we did that already we don't care we just get to the playoffs and we win
and i think i saw that with penguins teams in years past and stuff too and just just really
smart on how to like you know especially Sid and Gino and Tanger
and you know how to manage games through a season manage practice like I never see Sid never like I
feel like you never practice I give it to him all the time I'm like dude you never escape like
you know those Tampa guys they know they just went back to back like they're just like get us in the
show get us in the dance and then we'll get our dancing shoes on.
We'll block every shot.
We'll just be tapped.
There's a little Molly.
Get her buzz on it.
Bugsy in the room.
Do some,
do some Jagger shots before the game.
Get all fired up.
As you asked for a anti-ranta stats to go back to Carolina versus the
Rangers,
a GAA of two zero nine and say percentage of 931.
So numbers are much higher than his career averages.
Yeah.
He's playing some good hockey.
I love all those guys, though, in the series.
I love like Smith, the defenseman Smith.
I love like Cole and Carolina.
I do love true.
I like Truba's game.
I like that Miller.
You know, I wish Miller was a little bit nastier.
He could totally imagine if Miller was like a little meaner.
Keandre.
Oh my God.
This guy skates like unbelievable reach.
Unbelievable.
He's a horse out there.
He is an absolute horse from another dimension.
If he had like, if he, if he got on like Gary Roberts summer training program,
just start eating nails, just only ate nails.
He's just need a bucket of nails in the summer and just come back. He would,
he would be the most fierce D in a league the way he plays and can play.
Yeah. Biz, we got to get back down to the golf in one sec,
but first we have some words for our friends at Shopify, Shopify,
the all-in-one
commerce platform to start, run, and grow your business. Shopify gives entrepreneurs the resources
once reserved for big business. So upstarts, startups, and established businesses alike can
sell everywhere, synchronize online and in-person sales, and effortlessly stay informed. Shopify
offers online retailers a suite of services,
including payments, marketing, shipping, and customer engagement tools. Connect with your
customers, drive sales, manage your day-to-day. Shopify instantly lets you accept all major
payment methods. Shopify also has thousands of integrations and third-party apps from on-demand printing to accounting to advanced chatbots and beyond.
Go to shopify.com slash chicklets,
all lowercase for a free 14-day trial and get full access to Shopify's entire
suite of features.
Grow your business with Shopify today.
Go to shopify.com slash chicklets right now.
Take care of that.
Biz, I feel like we really buried
the lead on this show i mean not often we have to wait this long to talk about a strip joint story
oh my goodness i was before the game uh this radio show in tampa the pat and aaron radio show
reported that several panthers they said a lot uh were spotted at a local peel palace till the wee
hours of the morning maybe trying to mix
up the mojo by getting in one but i was curious too because in tampa hold on it was in tampa
yeah yeah the strip club capital of the world buddy in tampa those people rat on you like it's
do they really i remember we had a team dinner kovalchuk took us out to like burnsy steakhouse
great spot then you go up to the dessert room after and he's like, come on boys,
let's go. We're all going up. Well, like a whole team was there.
Trainers, everyone. It was, I forget what, when in the season it was,
we went up there and then he, he got us all like a Jager bomb.
We did a team Jager bomb at with dessert, nothing crazy team Jager bomb,
show up the next day. There's signs all over the glass,
like way to get Jager bombed. Like did last night like all these signs so it's like someone's singing down there in tampa for the
team you know they got burns is like famous though oh great spot yeah it's like if you're doing it
in there it's gonna get out for sure yeah it makes you feel like you're pretty comfy in there up in
that dessert room it's dark yeah um what was Kovalchuk like he's great he's great
he was definitely like on his own page um superstar status in Atlanta you know what I mean
but and it was like loose down there too it's like anywhere I've ever played so it's like
it's just such so different but I never like he like, he's, like, 240 pounds, man.
Like, he's, like, OV size.
Like, his chest to back is huge.
His legs are huge.
But he's just, like, can skate like he's 100 pounds, the way he can skate.
And he had, like, this stick, the biggest hook on the end.
And he had the shortest stick.
And he would just do these little
like one-timers like slink slink like back across right over the pad back across he put it perfectly
every single time with this little stick i took it home and used it in a street hockey tournament
in the summer i was just dangling nine goals no big deal street hockey nine goals how's she going
boys he was good though and he was fun on the road. Like he liked going for dinners. He liked laughing, telling jokes. He,
he'd get laughing, man. He, he had it going. He loved it.
And he was like really generous to the boys too.
Like he'd take the boys out and stuff like great.
Todd Reardon told me that Russia told me he was very generous. Great guy.
Yeah. Like at home, I will say he's, he has, you know,
he had a family and kids at a young
age i feel like i don't know i felt i felt like like i didn't have kids when i and we were the
same draft so he was like at home he was like a dad and like you know he's at home we go on the
road and you're you know you go have team dinners and go for dinner and he was he was great like he
loved he loved going for dinners and laughing and getting it going so it was like you know you get home it's like where'd he go then you get on the road
you're like ah there he is that was yans yans would not answer my calls when we were at home
i couldn't get a hold of him unless he checked out from you he'd actually block my number break
time from you we'd land and he'd block my number chooksy i called him chooksy what's up chooksy what do you think he was making
in russia when he went back i don't know man whatever like how many shillies how many shillies
tax-free 10 probably 10 sheets jogger was making more he had like a he had like a powder blue like
thrasher blue like bentley and he used to park it like right in front of the practice store
at our like crappy practice rink.
Our dressing room set up in Atlanta was actually pretty sick,
but he would just like, we all parked like in the parking lot.
And he just like, get out, go in like no big deal.
Then like first guy gone, like peace out.
But in Atlanta though, we had Antropov a finna ganoff uh arty
who's that who's that big artuken artuken oh wow oh i played with evgeny in anaheim
but he had muscles on his back you had to name like the muscles on his back they had their own
like zip codes and stuff it was insane how big he was. Zap. Did he have any back knee? Oh, he had some.
First man to ever walk out of Chernobyl, dude.
He had some zoiders going on his back.
Oh, yeah.
So we had him. We had Kovie, Kazi, Antropov, Artukhin, Finneganoff.
We had like a like we had like the Russian.
Atlanta Ska. Yeah had like the Russian. Atlanta ska.
Yeah.
Buddy, we had a six sauna in the practice room and we'd get in there and the boys would get her going.
The Russians, they'd get in there and they crank it, dumping water on there, just sizzling.
It gets so hot.
My little pale skin.
I'd just be like, oh, my God, I can't handle this.
And like Finneganoff would just be like twirling a towel like the heat would be coming on me i'm
like oh my god i'm gonna probably the third degree burns in here this thing's crazy
do they have those virtue phones the ones that can call back home oh yeah yeah gino had that
one yeah i had the one that was like 10 grand gold plated yeah it had like diamonds encrusted
around it i'm like what is that it's like satellite phone like it's nice i was like that looked like a brick
i'm like that thing is like a brick but i guess you could like you could like call underground
and it would work they didn't have any of those phones i don't even know what else to talk about
i mean this well that we didn't talk about that that strip club thing at all. Yeah. I don't blame them.
Because in Tampa, isn't it like if they get
buck naked, there's no booze, but
if there's booze in the place, they can't
take their bottoms off. Isn't that the rule in Tampa?
What does that have to do with anything, though?
I mean,
some places they got to paint their nipples.
They can't expose their nipples, so
they paint their nipples.
Where was that where I went? Oh, so you're saying, Ari, if they were at one where they were completely naked, then you don't have to worry that they weren't expose their nipples so they paint their nipples uh where was that where i went oh so you're saying all right if they were at one where they were completely naked then you don't
have to worry that they weren't drinking well i i doubt that i'm sure they weren't drinking i'm just
curious like if what would you do would you rather go no drinking and see everything or be able to
have a drink but not see everything i want them to fucking bring me to the back and grind my cock
off with when i'm crushing six fucking beers.
What are you talking about?
Fucking, I want the champagne room.
I want it all, man.
I want to shower.
You want to take a bathtub with them?
Yeah, number five orange in Vancouver.
They got the shower.
So like on nights, they got that one stripper.
They'll give you like a little sponge bath on stage.
Oh, I want it all. But hey, so I grew up.
I actually was a bouncer.
My second year pro at Sundowner in Niagara Falls.
I was.
You and Zen and Kanopka just ripping it up.
No, he was in court to lose.
He actually.
He had a place there.
Nopper.
We played with him in Wilkes-Barre one year, too.
He had all those.
Oh, buddy.
Have you guys had him on?
No, we're going to get him on.
I used to. Buddy, I scrapped him in fucking men's league in the summertime we had this men's league and him and that lance galbraith they were oh yeah i played junior i played the moral cup
against him if they got down two goals in men's league they'd be like running the goalie and like
oh my god guys in the nuts a lot of what 67s guys man but uh yeah i worked at the sundowner sundowner
man they had those
horseshoe tables right by the stage and they would get all the french girls from quebec and they would
just be fingering blasting each other for 50 bucks a dance on the horseshoe tables right shotgun
everybody it was it was chaos so that's i'm used to those type of strip clubs so i i don't like the
i think it's scottsdale they have to paint their nipples because of the booze situation all right so technically you can't be fully naked so something crazy here too a lot of
places here not even strip clubs probably here and like maybe it's just an american thing i don't
know like byob like to a lot of places is that normal wit biz i don't know all right that depends
what state you're in some states allow it and others are like way, way more strict than that.
Yeah.
It's just crazy.
I've never been like a fan of strip clubs, to be honest.
Oh, yeah.
Okay.
No, I hate like, Hey, yeah.
What's your name?
What's your name?
Oh, yeah.
I'm a construction worker.
What's up?
Like, I just, I just just just like like leave me alone i will say in atlanta they got a
place there that i went to on my birthday and mel dropped us all off all my boys came in from
saskatoon it's called the pink pony it's like a uh legendary like godfathered in um establishment
and of course they don't serve booze on sundays in a lot of places you guys know that i'm sure
you know that biz now being there for as long as you have.
I, so I,
so I haven't been to cheetahs or there's another one called super something.
There's a couple of famous strip clubs, one of which served the wings.
One in like Buckhead.
It's called the pink pony.
I don't know if it's still there anymore, but it was like a,
you go there and it was like literally rampack bar.
Cause it was the only place that would like serve booze on Sunday.
So it was like a bar, but it was like, it was a strippers too,
but it was like,
everyone was there because it's the only place you could go kind of cause
they're like, had this like grandfathered in code or something. So, um,
Atlanta crazy. It's like, uh,
Atlanta's awesome. Chicken fila or Chick-fil-A.
No booze.
No, nothing on Sundays. Nothing. I know.
But speaking of that strip
club, did you ever hear that Laura story I told
on the pod where I there was this rocket
in Scottsdale that
I always wanted a plow and she
was so hot, but she'd always be hanging out with these shady
guys at the W and I'm like
this girl's got to be a hooker or something.
So I went on a
bachelor party slash
wedding for my best friend Jamie Tardif it was in Vegas and we ended up going to one of the strip
clubs and I'm sitting there we're just you know talking with the boys and you know strippers are
coming up and she ends up walking up so I'm like I fucking knew this bra was a stripper for crime time crime time ladies and gentlemen come on down to the stage 10 for 20 yeah and uh
so that broke the ice and i ended up plowing her back in scottsdale but the next morning after she
left i ended up getting a voicemail when i was at the rink from her boyfriend we played on the
podcast did you ever hear it no i didn't hear that i i'll play it for you hey paul this is
laura's boyfriend uh I'm probably sleeping right now
Because you had a late morning
But I just want you to know bro
Like
Really it's nothing to do with you
And you're kind of caught in the middle of it
But if I find out you're talking to her again
It's not going to be good
Okay
You seem like a nice guy from your voicemail and shit
But I'm not
I'm not a nice guy at all,
dude. I've done a lot of fucked up shit in my life. You'd even ask her. So, uh, it'd be smart
for you, uh, probably not to ever talk to her again, okay? Because if I find out you are,
I'll find you and I'll find out everything about you, dude. All right? It's not going to be good.
You seem like you got a lot going for you, bro.
And to have some kind of black cloud over your head like that isn't good.
All right?
Have a nice day.
Have a nice day.
That's just petrifying.
That guy sounded like he was being so open and honest, like, I'm really fucked up.
So I'm just letting you know.
Yeah.
Nicest thread of all time though.
That'll go down as a, Hey, have a nice day.
Oh my God.
Was he wrong that you have stuff going for you?
Like, Oh my God.
How scared were you?
I was scared.
I was a little scared.
Um, but, uh, you're like donor donor.
Save me.
Oh, I think I called the ends right away i called i'm gonna get killed man i just want to play tunes in the locker room
i just want to do helicopter cock to get the boys going
um but that should probably summarize all the strip club talk i think uh the you know
the boys had a little fun in florida and now they get to go have a little bit more oh and four in
the second round that's a tough bounce i mean you're down oh three it's like all right guys
let's go try to we've been there hey boys let's go try to have a night build some team chemistry
win one game you never know i mean i
what else you're supposed to do they were gonna lose either way yeah i mean they threw the kitchen
sink at him too and they couldn't even get anything i know they actually played great
they had 50 shots more or not 54 shots all right gang before we get to that wild ending in denver
i'm gonna chat for a second about sling. There's a lot happening in sports right now,
and Sling has it all for the absolute best price.
To start with, Capital One's The Match,
the sports Emmy-nominated premier live golf event series
that will feature a foursome of legendary NFL quarterbacks.
Tom Brady and his little buddy Aaron Rodgers
are going to team up to face Pat Mahomes and Josh Allen
with four of the past five
NFL MVPs taking the course together for the first time TNT will exclusively televise the epic 12
hole event Wednesday June 1st beginning at 6 30 p.m eastern time live from the wind in Las Vegas
the only golf course on Las Vegas stripped Sling will let you stream TNT live whether you are at
home watching on your big assass flat-screen TV,
or on the go with a phone or a tablet
and connected to the internet.
Then, starting June 2nd,
you will be able to follow the NBA Finals
and the NHL Finals.
Events on ABC will be simulcast on ESPN3.
Right now, you can get all of that
for half the price during the first month.
So less than 18, which is lower than any other streaming service right now.
You'll also be able to follow the Barstool Sports Channel,
which features a nonstop feed of Barstool's most popular shows,
including the Yak, Stool Scenes, the Brandon Walker Show,
and Kelly Keeg's On the Other Line, and of course, Chicklets as well.
Whatever you're into, Sling is where you can find the live sports you love all in one place so go to sling.com slash barstool to sign up now and try
it for half the price during your first month again the best month to do it nhl nba all the
stuff going on boom get on it well worth it boys well worth it i'll tell you what was well worth
it staying up for that game tonight. Holy shnikes.
Blues look dead in the water, down 3-0 to the powerhouse Carolina.
Yeah, Colorado Avalanche.
Battle back, tie it up.
Colorado takes the lead late.
St. Louis pulls the goal.
He takes it to OT.
And then, who is it?
Tyler Bozak ends it.
This is one of the best games of the playoffs.
I mean, this series, we had a good first game.
The last three games have been blah.
But this one was a goddamn doozy. The last three games have been blah.
But this one was a goddamn doozy.
Biz, what do you got for us?
What a wasted performance from McKinnon.
Oh, my fucking God.
What a meltdown.
And let's just be real, guys.
They couldn't get a save when they needed it.
And Kemper looked rattled.
You know, I don't know.
And on that tying goal, I mean, it looked like he was just kind of like
hoping they were going to make a play for him.
And then the winner was maybe, I guess you could say a screen, but fuck it nearly hit
the middle bar and it went in between below his glove.
So other than that, I don't really got much.
I'm a little bit rattled.
I know I had the blues in seven, but I was going to get to go home before the conference
finals and go see my dog for the first time in a month.
But now I'm going to be eating fucking  dollar american breakfast or all-american breakfast tomorrow morning well
if you get the hash browns i mean you got army army oh my god army you know what i actually not
even game related sort of game related i thought of so i was we're obviously waiting to record till
the game ends and i remember the first time i think I told this on chickens for the first time
I ever got asked to do any TV I was on the Oilers and obviously we didn't make the playoffs and TNT
asked me to go in and do the playoffs like intermission I don't know if you never did that
army but I'm there the first night and like you know i'm kind of fired up it's pretty cool bob
mckenzie the legends there it was just like a great crew of guys darren drager was yeah i did
that too i did that too when i was playing for the leafs so like granted i've never done it i don't
know dallas was playing vancouver i think and either dallas or vancouver tied it up with about a minute to go. And McKenzie's just like, fuck.
And you don't even realize these guys are covering the game.
I'm by, by the way, in no means,
in no way am I trying to make people feel bad that we're staying up.
It's great. It's just like, I was like, oh my God.
Cause there's always the possibility of triple overtime.
So I was laughing at that, but the game itself was.
I, All right.
Did you have any chance to check the odds when they were down three?
Nothing at what the Blues were live.
It had to be on that. Oh,
that just looks like
it looked like they had too many men on the
ice like the first half of the game. I was
like, I was like, uh, there's
Colorado like eight guys on the ice
right now. This is like a nightmare.
Can you imagine that?
That's what they were going.
And then McKinnon was  obviously, McKinnon had
like, Biz, you mentioned it.
It was one of the best performances of all time
by a guy who just lights up the playoffs.
But he's buzzing around, and then McCarr gets it,
and he's buzzing end-to-end a couple times.
I was like, they might win 7-0 tonight.
Oh, my God. Well, hey, so going back to mckinnon though like he hadn't really been dominant any game this series like he needed to have a game i think he had scored yeah yeah he
had an assist in the first three games he had nothing in game four so you know it was his time
to do it but hey but that's why you load up and that's why you leverage the future is like you
have that secondary scoring where i mean we saw it from cadre right he wasn't available last year in
those situations like if they would have had him against vegas you know maybe they are able to to
bust through maybe they actually get that type of performance in game three when all of a sudden
things started going south for him against vegas but he shows up that third goal i mean that was going to be the
talk of everything now it's like it's forgotten right much like in last game when uh with the
battle of alberta when smitty lets in that goal from from the far blue line like it's like that
would have been the conversation but it wasn't it's going to be non-existent so i mean i hate
to rag on kemper but but like sometimes when goalies haven't been in this type of situation before,
their fucking arseholes pucker up.
So interested to see how he responds next game going into St. Louis, man.
This could easily be going seven.
Because in certain times in the series, it seems like St. Louis is dominated,
and in others, it's been Colorado.
Game one, all Colorado.
Game two, all St. Louis.
And then when they lost Bennington, it seems like they really lost a lot of wind out of their sails.
I mean, I don't know how you guys want to judge Huso's performance. I thought maybe the second goal from McKinnon might have been a little bit weak.
But regardless, this fucking thing.
He made some huge saves, though.
Yeah, right.
I mean, if you're getting that many grade A chances,
you're bound to make some epic saves, though.
But, like, he had to be unbelievable, didn't he?
And, I mean, just before that, too, it was like even in OT,
it was like Makar came from another galaxy
and decided to try to end the game himself.
I was like, what planet is this guy from?
I don't know.
Who did he feed on the blow-up?
He pulled up and he looped over, then he found Byram,
like two defensemen
shooting down. It was D to D. It's like a 2-on-0.
It was a 2-on-0 D to D, like
at the hash marks. Byram's coming
down. I was like, oh my God, my pony.
He's going to rip one here.
And he made a hell of a save right in that moment
too. And that goes the other way.
That was after Makar, but Makar's buzzed
into the zone. He does the Gretzky turn up.
So when you do that turn up, you're pretty much standing still.
I mean, obviously not still, but you've lost all speed.
You're stopping and tight turning.
Two crossovers and the guy all of a sudden he's flying again
and sees Byron like he's on the bench.
It's just crazy.
And I want to shout out Nick Letty, too,
because he got posterized on the McKinnon hat trick. If you want to talk
about getting dunked on in the NBA, that's
basically the equivalent. We got
McKinnon high stepping through the neutral zone.
Poor Letty, by the way. He's got no
chance. It's not even his fault. He's backing
up with no gap. He doesn't even really
play him until it's like
the hash mark. McKinnon just
toe drags the shit out of him. But
after sniping
and let he is obviously looking kind of
like, wow, I just got burnt, even though I
couldn't do anything. He's going 100 miles an
hour. He kept the puck in
he Bozak threw
it up to him in overtime. And I think
it was midair. I think
it was like hacky sacked down
out of midair. That's why you play
soccer before. Yeah.
Yeah.
That's what army did.
We're an air walks in sixth grade is play.
Hacky.
I used to pull half the beads out though.
I just,
I just did that same Nick Letty move the whole time to like that foot
crank inside.
Like what kind of what can't,
what can't,
what can't,
I just kept cracking it up.
So you need to play.
He gets the assist,
gets the assist on the,
on the winner,
which, and even Lundquist after, by the way, biz tough guy to fill in So you need to play. He gets the assist on the winner, which and even Lundqvist after, by the way,
biz tough guy to fill in for you.
Holy shit.
Looking at you and then looking at him.
How many ladies had the lightsabers out during that broadcast?
Oh, they're used to you sitting there.
And then he shows up.
They're like, hold on, honey.
I'm going to watch in the bedroom tonight.
Have fun out here in the living room.
He like rode in on a white horse with his white suit and his hair is
flowing perfectly. He's like Disney
Prince. Fabio.
Is that the guy's name?
But he even said, Biz, he was kind of
like, without
saying it, goalie,
stick up for one another. He's like,
yeah, you got to save that one.
Yeah, I think.
What a tale of two games.
Sorry, go ahead, Bizzy. Well, I was just What a tale of two games. Sorry, go ahead, Busy.
Well, I was just going to say,
considering we were talking about the crossovers.
Wishing, wishing, wishing.
How do you do the noise?
Schlank, schlank, schlank.
I don't know.
He's like the dude from Police Academy.
Wishing, wishing, wishing, wishing.
You got a pretty good noise for the crossovers.
Who?
Remember when you said the crossovers
and you used to do the sound effect
for him can i get that one that's like blades of steel oh you had like a good better that's better
i feel like we're doing one of those uh what are those things called already like porno through the
mouth yeah asmr yeah what the porno through the mouth what a fucking statement that is real
but we we mentioned uh how you grew up a figure skater and one thing that we didn't bring up uh
earlier on was when you were on battle of the blades didn't didn't you end up having to leave
though because you i got hurt i tore my like i ripped my hammy like care like with my partner
i had her over my head i almost like put her in a halo this video of it
I like broke her back like I took her from like going full head first in the ice to like a back
breaker finishing move and then like set her down but my hand was like oh brutal bud just a brutal
thing but yeah like you know like with the skating of these guys now like isn't like on mckinnon's goal like speaking of like just skating
and edge work and like um it's like michael phelps in the pool it's like you know he's you don't waste
a single ounce like when he gets a puck and he's cranks it up behind the net like how like like
violently ferocious of a skater it's just like he's down his quads like if anyone got that low
your quads are just burning but he's just a machine from another dimension and he's just
like slamming crossovers all the way up that like like i'd love to see the divots on those i was
gonna say you see the ice chips just flying up he must use like a one inch skate sharp and like old school digging
like i don't know how he's just carving he skates different than anyone in the league he like gallops
yeah he's like a great white shark man he just he's looking to give us another animal oh yeah
colossal raptor just hunting but it's uh what a tale of two games boys like too many
too many men on the ice
for Colorado
like it was like
what is going on
like
you know
St. Louis
didn't know what hit them
and then all of a sudden
it transferred over
and St. Louis
looked fast
like from
like a board battle
grind team
all of a sudden
they had like speed
and they were like
jumping and they were moving
I don't know
was it Colorado
sitting back a little?
Talk showed tonight on TNT there, too.
EJ not getting to a guy quick enough in front on that Thomas goal, the first one.
Just a step off, guys.
Maybe that's the difference, right?
But St. Louis had jumped.
They looked like a totally different team the second half of that game.
Well, they were finally playing like their lives were on the line.
In the first half of the game,
you would have known that it was an elimination game,
but they figured it out.
Two things.
I should have shouted out Letty a little bit more.
He had four assists.
It wasn't just that one.
Four total points is a pretty nice game.
And the other thing is St. Louis fans got to be excited
because, yeah, McKinnon hadn't scored, but neither had Robert Thomas.
Then he gets two.
So you're going home.
The guy you needed to get going looks like he did in the first round
where he was probably one of their best players.
So, yes, enormous momentum.
If you consider momentum going game to game,
which a lot of people say is bullshit,
but if you think it's true and they're going back home,
I mean, you could easily
see easily see a game seven ended up happening on monday night yeah i'm sorry sunday i think
him like shenner uh that tork chanko like he cranked it up like i i saw i thought they were
chucking those guys out kairu like a little bit but once that line got going with thomas too and
they started feeling it tork chchenko just like, you know,
found another gear.
And I felt like he was on the ice all the time.
He was on it.
What did he play?
I thought that 1130 or something.
That Mikola was good, too.
Mikola.
Mikola!
Pretty rock solid.
Wait, I actually did see a line when
Colorado was up 3-0 they were like
minus over 5,000
to like what I know
but I wonder what the Blues would have been I'm saying
they were they were like plus I think it was like
plus 2,200 it was
I couldn't play it anyways for reasons
I can't get into right now but I couldn't bet it
anyways and then another site it was
a straight puck line. It was four.
So you could have taken the blues plus four goals or Colorado minus four
when they were up three goals.
What a game.
I didn't touch it either way.
Yeah, that's it.
Hell of it.
You would never think that after what you watched down three, nothing.
I was like, oh, this, I was like, should we start the pod guys?
Famous last words.
Hey, this thing's over fellas. Hey hey on another note on nick letty i remember talking
to thomas hickey islander defenseman and he told me like this nick letty with his skating obviously
like we know he can skate but he's like he told me one time he's like man i'd never seen a guy like
from a dead stop zero gap that can just easily gap up with a skating. Like, so sick.
He's like, this guy is just, like, amazing.
And for McKinnon to absolutely, like, put him in a blender,
put him in a blender.
To be fair, though, like, he did kind of force him
to where McKinnon didn't have much of an angle to get a shot off.
What is that wit?
What is that?
Like, did his stick come through too fast?
Like, overcommitment with the stick and his body come through.
Like,
honestly,
I think at that point he's going so fast and you're backing in.
So you,
you don't even have,
you don't even have speed,
like skating backwards because you're now like backing in almost like
stopping.
Cause you know,
the goalie is going to be there and he's just galloping at you.
Like,
that's the thing with Nate comparatively.
If we see this next series,
Nate and Connor, Connor wants to dangle right into the blue paint nate comparatively if we see this next series nate and
connor connor wants to dangle right into the blue paint you know if i'm a defenseman i probably just
like back up right to the house like i just don't let him like deke me you know i just keep backing
up this layer stick like natal shoot like natal rip too he'll rip it how did he even get that
shot off i mean that's what i was trying to say is like he just it was so in tight and i think the
puck was it went up on his blade a little bit.
Hey, pancake the little forum to get it up.
I mean, it's unbelievable with that speed.
Isn't, uh, isn't, uh, Bozak also from Saskatoon?
Regina.
Oh, it's from Regina.
That's where he loves gambling crime.
That's some Sasky on Sasky crime right there on Kemper.
Oh, when you played in Torontoonto did you would you roommate with
him i was his roommate yeah on the road yeah yeah just on the road yeah of course yeah so hung out
with him a lot like the most relaxed beauty ever i don't know if you heard this about him like
like i was like oh my god i wish i was tyler bozak like this guy is so like nothing bugs this guy at
all and i mean he's found a great home now and i thought he would be like in toronto forever I wish I was Tyler Bozak. Like this guy is so like nothing bugs this guy at all.
And I mean, he's found a great home now.
And I thought he would be like in Toronto forever just because he's like reliable, solid, like guys love playing with them.
He's always in the right spot.
But he's like, he's, he's been like a great fit in St.
Louis.
Like he's turning this like big body grinder kind of guy, almost like not
overly physical, but like he fits like with their plan a little bit, you know,
and over the years.
So he's been awesome and winning the cup.
How about that?
Hey, all my roommates on the road, Sid, Rich Peverly and,
and Bozy all one cups.
I'm like the cup whisperer for these guys.
Where did Rich Peverly win it?
Boston.
Oh, Bruins.
Okay.
Yeah.
Bozek only played seven minutes to get that goal.
It's pretty sick.
Amazing.
Second least ice time other than Walker.
You picked Walker on Twitter, didn't you, R.A.?
Yeah.
It's funny.
Between him and Bozak, because they're the two least amount of ice time.
So I'm like, I'll go with the Aussie.
We had him on the show.
So, I mean.
Take a shot, eh? Take a shot on the show. So, I mean, no, take a shot,
a take a shot on these guys.
Absolutely.
I wanted to buy him.
I wanted to buy her.
And when I saw that pull up play,
and then I saw him shoot down the wing there,
boys,
I was going,
here he is.
Perfect setup,
cash money,
top corner,
short side.
How's she going?
What a save.
And then it went the other way.
And that was it.
You know,
amazing, amazing game boys. Like, is this, how's she going what a save and then it went the other way and that was it you know amazing
amazing game boys like is this is this like calgary kind of the st louis different than
calgary what do you think i know it's like closer now i haven't i haven't seen uh i haven't seen an
effort like game two out of calgary yet you have better vibes about st louis way better vibes like
they they they make adjustments and you adjustments and they improve in some areas.
Their power play has looked like in most of the games.
They didn't score a power play goal today too and came back.
I mean, crazy.
But can we agree on most of their power plays,
at least so far in playoffs?
They generate a ton of momentum.
They snap it around great.
And their second unit has came up with a few big ones as well.
Like they can rely on both units.
So, no, I'm not, like I said, I'm not very confident in Calgary,
but that probably means they're going to come back and win in seven.
So I've made a hundred predictions this playoffs,
and I've been wrong about every single one.
Stay hot.
St. Louis got that winning pedigree tour.
I'm dogging.
You know what I mean?
No, yeah. Hasn't won the cup anytime recently where they have.
So I'm still getting a lot of guys on the team.
But yeah, they got to be feeling good, man.
Game six going home.
I love that.
Hey, boys.
I love that.
I love like I love like when like bring it back to the World World Cup thing.
Like when Team Europe went to the final against Canada.
Right.
Was that what happened? It was all like 40 year old, 35 year old dudes. Yeah. the world world cup thing like when team europe went to the final against canada right was that
what happened it was all like 40 year old 35 year old dudes yep i was like let's go experience
let's go veteran guys ha ha ha young guys and i i always i always tend to lean toward i i put a lot
in the experience i think you know i think you know you can look through the playoffs right now
and who's who's making a count who's making dents in series,
who's contributing, who's making big plays at key times.
And it's always like guys have been there
or have experience or been on runs
or have that pedigree, like you said, Ari.
Absolutely.
You guys got any further thoughts on the series,
the game, or what?
No.
No, no.
I'm looking forward to game six
because St. Louis is going to be nuts that
city will be ready and i would love a game seven i mean it looks like there's a decent chance we'll
get one in new york carolina um and maybe we get one in this one i think edmonton's going to close
them out in calgary and then obviously tampa's just chilling wait and trying to get point healthy
um i guess we should mention that this is our last week where we're doing two podcasts.
So we'll be back on Tuesday of next week.
We got to thank Armdog for joining us for the full pod.
I know these suck a lot of brain power out of you, these long two-hour podcasts.
Well, it's like, you know, who's going to, you know, it's like a long, like, I guess people like sit in their cars and like dial it in.
Maybe they do it in like three sessions or something. I't know i was just trying to figure that out it's a great question
actually i mean tons of people people love it though hey people love it my social is blowing
up boys oh people been asking since you weren't five and a half years ago i probably get asked
once in that long hey jesus i'm thought'm glad I'm coming back. My door's open.
A couple other notes, too.
We also just dropped a bunch of new Chicklets golf merch
and some Father's Day merch.
So if you're looking to take care of the old man
or you need some golf gear, by all means, check it out.
Gee, what do you got there?
A little pink Whitney jacket?
No, I'm wearing the new UNRL.
Also said Unreal quarter zip.
Biz is wearing the polo there.
So it's fucking amazing.
We got a new Pink Whitney logo here.
So the merch is cranking right now.
Also, our full pods are on YouTube.
Check out our YouTube channel.
We've been, well, I should say Grinnellian and company's been pumping it up.
We got a bunch of videos on there doing these little short clips that are pretty cool.
You can buzz through them real quick.
Good stuff to check out there.
And what about those Celtics?
They rolled the heat tonight.
One game from the fucking finals, baby.
I know, so it'd be pretty sick if they get into the final.
I have a group chat of buddies
like, I didn't watch the game tonight, but they're
saying, or they're asking
will Golden State
like pound them if they get in?
Because I know the NBA
They've always played Golden
State well. it's something
the celtics have always done that they know how to play golden state i think all right all right
that was an awful game i had to watch it in the bar when i was crushing dinner because the guy
wouldn't change the channel every single nba game is a is kind of a blowout it's it's really bizarre
like the teams go back and forth height heat Boston, just blowing each other out.
It makes no sense to me.
Why isn't there one close game?
There was some stat.
I'll see if I can track it down.
It was about clutch minutes during an NBA game.
I guess it's probably if the teams are close within a certain level.
And only 10 of the games have been close very late in the game.
I'll try to find it because it was brutal.
Basically, to back your point with, the games have been pretty bad for the most part at the NBA.
They just haven't been very close at all.
Not over here, boys.
Not in the NHL, boys.
How's it going, boys?
Oh, we got great tilts.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
We got great tilts.
Oh, what a playoffs, boys.
I mean, lead exchanges, OTs, amazing goals, individual performances.
Five game sevens in round one.
We're getting it all, man.
It's like, it's crazy.
So I love it, boys.
I love being on tonight, catching up.
Tell them to be in the mindsies.
Yeah, yeah.
Weaving some old yarns with the fellas.
They having a jaw wag with the boys.
A jaw wag.
He just wagging the jaw.
But love talking hockey anytime the boys. Jaw wag. He just wagging the jaw. But love talking hockey.
Anytime, boys.
Definitely get back with us.
Two final notes as well.
Let's see.
The dozen trivia we played this week.
Jeff D.
Low, our coworker, does this fantastic job with the trivia show.
If you haven't checked it out, it's on YouTube.
It's on our socials as well.
Pretty fun game.
We had some fun.
It was entertaining.
We got another game coming up too.
Also, I mentioned
it earlier. My show,
Shorzy, is going to hit Hulu Friday the
27th, so we'll be tweeting it out from our
social all over the place. Have blogs about
it, but if you're in the States,
Hulu, check it out. It's a hockey show. If you like
hockey, you're going to love it. It's good shit.
Whether you like me or not, you'll definitely like the show.
Any final thoughts, boys, or what? I don't, guys, like it sucks, but there was a mass
shooting. Do you guys want to? I mean, like, I just I we don't get political on this podcast
ever, guys. Like I just I'm from Canada and I'm sure there's Americans listening. I think that
the gun control in the United States is a joke. I think that there's been far too many examples of it happening and,
and, and, and kid get a lot of kids dying. You know, I'm not like the,
I'm probably like not the one guy who should be speaking on this,
but I think it's a fucking joke. Steve Kerr said it best.
I'm sure you guys can chime in. Like you guys with Army, you guys have kids.
I don't know what else to say.
Yeah.
It's a nightmare.
You know what the biggest nightmare about the whole thing is, though,
is that nothing will change.
No.
nothing will nothing will change no so unfortunately it's sickening in a sickening way like it's gonna happen again and then the life will go on and it's gonna happen again
it's gonna happen again and i know that sounds so horrible but if sandy hook happened and nothing happened nothing will ever happen and and that's
why it's like is this the new united states by the way this doesn't happen anywhere else
no so it's it's a disgusting horrible uh mental mental health thing that i just don't even know how to even approach. And I just can say that I truly am sick to my stomach for the parents of
those kids.
So it's just,
it's all awful.
Yeah.
We just talked about it in Buffalo a couple of weeks ago.
And yeah,
you know,
it's like a constant state of anger when this stuff happens.
Cause it's just,
it's so fucking preventable and the people who can change things, they don't, it's like a constant state of anger when this stuff happens because it's just it's so fucking preventable and the people who can change things they don't it's like the we're willing to have
our kids be collateral damage so people can fucking shoot machine guns that fucking instruments of war
like i mean they're not supposed to you can my mother has a gun i'm not i'm pro gun ownership
but people don't need fucking machine guns or whatever the fuck you want to call them af whatever
the proper terminology those were designed for instruments of war they should
not have been the hands of the civilians it's so fucking warped the cats out of the barn i don't
know this country fucking disgusts me every time it happens because there are people who could
change it fix it and they fucking don't and i don't know how many dead kids i mean these are
babies these are little kids getting fucking shot up. And these fucking idiots, whatever color stripe fucking whatever persuasion, nobody's doing nothing.
And I don't know what you said with Sandy Hook did nothing.
And if that wasn't it, like, you know, 15 little white babies in Connecticut, not that's America.
If they didn't do nothing after that, well, why the fuck are they going to do it for anybody else?
It's just it's fucking gross man it's just so infuriating that we're the only country that this happens all the fucking time
all the gun deaths in this country it's stupid we have i think i read today there are for there's
120 percent guns for basically every person in this country there's at least one and a half guns
for every person in this country that's how many guns are in this country it's just and again i'm
not anti-gun it's just my last thing though not to interrupt you like well and we'll
end this because you have to mention things like this it's as awful as it is it doesn't do anything
but people like really argue against this i don't know if it's even logistically possible but
if we're like sending 40 billion dollars to Ukraine, can we just figure out a way, maybe just get police at schools?
I don't know, dude.
I'm trying to like think of something.
Is that like totally impossible?
Maybe.
But maybe just fucking get one door in, one door out at schools,
and there's a fucking cop sitting there.
I don't know.
Just don't let fucking people on machine guns.
I know what I'm saying i don't think
i think at this point that's my point at this point that ain't gonna change like that is not
gonna change i i not in my lifetime i don't think so maybe do something else because of it i'm with
you dude yeah that would be ideal it's not like they're trying to take them away either people
are just asking for stricter gun laws like that's the craziest part it's not like we're people act as if they'll like we're
they they're going to collect all the guns and nobody's going to be able to bear arms like just
stricter gun laws so that guy was like 18 right like a week before and he had his birthday and
went and bought these these guns but it was tough seeing me obviously these parents on the news and some of these clips right now it's
just uh it's brutal it's fucking awful what's wrong with our world i that's why it's like oh
my god like what could have happened to that person like how are they so sick like what could
have happened to make them that evil is there's the mental health issues not going anywhere it's
getting it's probably the biggest problem, man.
In the whole fucking country.
I don't know.
It's just awful.
It's a tough way to end this show because it's been a great night, Army.
It's such a pleasure catching up with you, dude.
Honestly, when me and Merle met you for the drink and then dragged you to Hoboken, it made my day.
I hadn't hung out with you since, I don't know.
When was that?
When was the world cup 2015?
So we appreciate you coming on, dude.
Yeah.
Awesome.
Being on with you guys.
Awesome.
Awesome.
Great message at the end for sure with everything, but, uh, and chatting hockey and catching
up and telling some old stories.
But, uh, I know when I met you met you, I told you we're like,
we got to get like some kind of bourbon action going, eh, fellas?
Let's go.
So I already think I put in me and my business partner.
We did.
Oh, you're jumping.
No, Warthog Whiskey because R.A.'s Warthog.
That's good.
We already got the domain and all that.
That's good.
Yeah. That'd be a great whiskey name. i'll brainstorm up some bourbon boys get some get some batches get some barrels
could you call it warthog whiskey and it's bourbon or is is it like is that a faux pas i think there's
urban has to be made in kentucky if i'm not mistaken at least that's what they taught me
about 10 school years ago bourbon is a type of whiskey, but true bourbon has to be made.
We got to do like a limited run for only the
hardcore fans, kind of like they do with
what's the...
250 bottles of like...
Oh, you got to do more than that.
Okay, sure. 2,000?
2,000 bottles? Let's get her going, boys.
Maybe it'll be of significance to
a number that is in relation to all
of us. Maybe the amount of times that fucking Michelle Terrien like is in relation to all of us maybe a lot of times
that fucking michelle terrian had us in for closed door meetings like 60 000 the meeting numbers on
the back of the ball like the guy that spent how many days in prison like uh yeah yeah uh pappy van
winkle is the one i was thinking of that's a rare one that does a limited run what i found this that
uh this is from two days ago margin of victory in the last 17 NBA playoff games.
The average margin of victory was 19.8 points.
And there were a total of seven clutch time minutes over 17 games.
It's not even this league.
Oh, did you see that other stat tonight?
I don't know.
Maybe Grinnelly probably saw it.
Like McKinnon, like fastest to like 80 points in playoff games or something.
What was that at?
And it was like him and Sid were tied at 59 games.
He might've got them with that last goal,
that Hattrick goal and had more points,
but it's like Kari,
uh,
Yari Curry at like 57 games or something like two games.
Yeah.
I got it right here.
I got it right here.
And then it's like you and Gretz,
Nathan McKinnon reached 80 points
in 59 career postseason games,
tied for the fourth fastest in Stanley Cup history,
only Wayne Gretzky in 37 games,
Mario Lemieux 40,
and Yari Curry in 57 did it faster.
Nate Dogg, what a waste of fucking effort.
God.
All right, player.
All right, boys.
Thanks.
Love you, Yari.
See you guys.
See you, boys. Yari Dogg, boys. Thanks. Love you, Artie. See you, guys. See you, boys.
Or dog whiskey.
As always, we'd like to thank our terrific sponsors here in Spit and Chick.
A huge thanks to our friends over at Pink Whitney in New Amsterdam Vodka.
Big thanks to our longtime friends over at Cross Country Mortgage.
Check them out if you're looking to buy or refi.
Huge thanks to our friends over at Shopify.
Check them out, you entrepreneurs.
And a big thanks to everyone at Slink TV.
This is the time to get it.
Playoffs, boom, go get them.
Have a great week, everyone.
