Hey, Spittin' Chicklets listeners, you can find every episode on Apple Podcasts,
Spotify, or YouTube. Prime members can listen ad-free on Amazon Music.
Hello, everybody.
Welcome to episode 391 of Spittin' Chicklets, presented by Pink Whitney. From our friends at New Amsterdam Vodka here in the Barstool Sports Podcast family.
What is up, gang?
The semis are here.
We are hitting the road, and biz needs a trim.
But first, we say hi to the boys.
Mikey Grinelli, we'll get to the details
shortly how you doing buddy uh i actually could be doing better ra i'm uh i'm struggling right
now i i forgot to put sunscreen on my legs this weekend so my legs are so burnt i can barely walk
but i'm very very excited to hit the road with you guys but hopefully the legs heal up by then
because i'm hurting right now wow 29 old. Still forget to put sunscreen on.
Yeah. It happens every year. I have to do this.
I have to get my initial one burn at the beginning of the summer.
Then I'm good for the rest of the summer.
All right. We'll have a float your boat.
Now we're going to go across the pond to our boy Merle's joining us once again,
you in Stockholm Merle's.
Yeah. I'm down at the Stockholm airport. I'm ready for our flight tomorrow.
I'm feeling great. A mother's day weekend was here in Sweden.
So I was off the booze clean living.
I let the wife go out Friday night with her friends.
I was home just watching the champions league final on Saturday and Sunday.
I, you know, treated her like the princess. My mother should be.
So wait, so you got hammered by two mother's days
yeah it's two mother's day that's how good of a mom she is she gets two days
that's awesome so what's it like being a domesticated husband like do you like turning
on that button once in a while like is it hard for you to keep it on the rails like
you didn't have one drop of alcohol during the soccer game like you didn't sneak a couple
ah you make you caught me i had one beer i snuck out saturday
to go buy the spa package for her for the mother's day gift of course wait the last minute
and there was about a 30 minute window between i was going to meet her for the
zibini yet hamburger dinner and that so i snuck to the sports bar for one quick one
that don't count one that's kind of degenerate bartender's like
murray you got how much time you got he's like 30 minutes all right he'll have a five beers this is
perfect it was uh it was the semi-finals uh u.s finland was on as well so i was watching some
hockey working too so dude the part of the job got the finished frank the tank over here it is
getting crippled in 30 minutes why Why did you take an Uber home?
Flat tire.
It was one.
It was one, I promise.
You would have fit right in with the 60s
and 70s dads, Merle, sneaking all these
fucking little drinks in.
All right, bounce them back over. Biz, that's a familiar
background. Look like you're back home in the Southwest.
What's going on, brother? How are we feeling after the
outcome of the Battle of Alberta?
Oh, fucking buddy. Calgary did not deserve to win that series we're gonna get into the hockey talk
later i i am i i got the big fat fucking l on my forehead again i've been eating l's l's l's l's
l's all playoff long people people think i'm fucking around about my rangers pick that is
just my gut instinct tonight i think they're actually gonna advance and then i'm gonna eat
another big fucking L and not
call them the Fugazis, but
it's been good to be home for 48 hours.
Got a couple hikes in.
Got some sun. It's been a
great week planning, an amazing week
for the Chicklets crew. Obviously, with
Grinnelli's help, Jeff, we've gotten some
bounces. We are going to be in Denver.
We got a live event planned
there. We're going to be going to the game in a suite, game two in Colorado. We're going to be in Denver. We got a, um, a live event plan there. We're going to be going to the game in a suite, uh, game two in Colorado.
Uh, we're going to be going off to Edmonton as well.
So wits returned to Edmonton. I'm so fucking pumped for this. Uh,
we got a half box there as well. So we're going to be in the mix games,
two and three. Um, it, it was, it was a great 48 hours,
but more importantly, RA, um,
are we going to be seeing you at the fucking met gala pretty soon here like with all this blowback from shorezy like holy
shit buddy dude the ratings are pouring in man you're just strutting your stuff baby i am
overwhelmed man i mean because the internet fucking hates everything i mean we we've been
doing this for a while i've been on the internet since 07. Dude, you're used to getting shit on.
I cannot believe. I've been on the internet since 07.
Well, but I invented the internet.
It's like he's been on the booze since 07.
I've been in the streets since 72.
No, but like, I'm overwhelmed, Biz, because, you know, people hate everything.
And the positivity has been, I was texting with Jared, not a big deal.
And like, dude, it's like over over 99 percent of positivity like whether it's in
instagram like getting texts from friends and family on twitter it's it's amazing and i think
that's a testament to the show like i know i i pumped it up and i said i'm not just pumping it
up because i'm in it it's that fucking good and just go read the comments man they're not bots
that people have watched it enjoyed it liked it and yeah they like they like what i did which is
i was waiting to get roasted for everything and it it's been awesome, man. It's been that's awesome, buddy.
Well, we got to go back to Sunburn Boy over here. You watched it. You said you love that. You loved it.
There were a few parts that really stuck out to you. Like what was what got you cackling?
Dude, Shorzy is the guy himself is so that his character is so fucking funny.
Him as the ref in episode one i saw the clips it's it's
unbelievable and like ra said it's just like hockey's never had this type of show before so
it was really nice to just like watch it and get the laughs at the chirps and all that stuff it
almost reminded me of a like a chicklets episode it also too like if you watch let it ken you
probably think i sure this guy's a hockey donkey typical thing but it comes across the way dude
like jared with that
he does such an awesome job of like fleshing out the character giving him a background you know
he creates a little empathy for him and you understand why why the kind of way he is but
it's so fucking good so if you haven't watched it america on hulu and up in canada crave
so good but let's check with the wit dog speaking yeah wit dog looks like a model over there are you
wearing a disguise up there what what how are we going to be feeling back at edmonton let's go
let's go keep pumping your fist you bum yeah all you oilers fans at home did i ever leave you
right no all year i said this i made that bet I knew my ear was never going to be pierced.
I was scared a couple of times, but I knew it.
All these stupid clips from biz, all this trash talk,
him talking about Adrian Kempe pointing to his freaking ear lobe
like he thought I was going to be getting my ear pierced.
No.
They move on.
They're a complete wagon of a hockey team,
and I've stuck with them every single step of the way.
And now, now, one of the worst players to ever play for the Edmonton Oilers
on a couple of the worst teams that the Edmonton Oilers have ever had.
Yours truly is going back as a son of the city of Edmonton.
Because I have brought this team to the promised land along with Mick
David,
along with Dreitzel,
along with Smith,
how good Yamamoto.
I love Evan Bouchard.
This is a hell of a fucking hog.
If you think Colorado is going to walk all over them,
you're not.
So,
so I cannot wait to get back.
I just knew biz.
I knew game one.
Now granted,
I was panicked.
I think we did a show after game one.
I was very nervous.
But I also said to myself, I said, I said, listen.
They just scored six fucking goals and they've scored on them all year.
If we could just reel it in a little bit on the defensive side.
And what did we do?
We won four straight.
You're scrubby ass team from Cal.
We couldn't even fucking muster up a game six in this.
Well, they should have fucking had a game.
No, we'll get into that.
Fuck.
Get into that.
My weekend, though.
My weekend for the fucking league or what?
No, no, no.
I am correct.
And I think if you know hockey and you're not a Calgary's flame, die hard.
You also know that that was no goal.
But my weekend, the Walliston Cup, it's a member member.
My weekend, the Walliston Cup.
It's a member member.
This is basically a PSA or a discussion for any married man with kids who plays golf.
The most insane golf tournament I've ever been a part of.
You want to know why?
You play Friday.
You play Saturday.
If you keep winning, you play Sunday.
You play another round Sunday, 36.
It's Monday morning. I woke up.
I said, hey, we're in the championship final of the losers bracket because we lost Friday.
And you keep going.
She goes, you're playing fucking golf again today.
You still got your balls.
I've been drinking and winning golf matches besides last Friday where we played a team who was they're getting strokes.
Seven under net through 13 holes.
What the fuck are we supposed to do against seven under net through 13 holes?
But then we won four straight, me and Fairway Falls.
But more than anything, I've been on a bender for the last five days
because of one thing, and that's the Edmonton Oilers on Thursday night
closing out those shitbags from Calgary.
Let's go, Oilers!
And the other thing is, I hear about shaving your head and people are going to shave your head.
Talk at my shave your head. He's going to pick it, right?
Do you trust somebody to pick it?
No. So actually we should probably bring people up to speed.
So right now we're in talks to actually give Edmonton Oilers fans the,
the prize of witnessing my head being shaved because you guys were the one to
get it done. And the agreement was it would happen for a week.
Well, if they at least push it to five games,
you will get three broadcasts
and it will run a full week
if it happens Saturday live at the Moss Pit
in Edmonton at 445 before we go on the broadcast.
Now, what's going to happen
is if that ends up being lined up,
Whit, if you want to jump on the mic and say your piece Now what's going to happen is if that ends up being lined up with,
if,
if you want to jump on the mic and say your piece, and if you have the balls to chirp me in front of all those other fans to my
face about how it was wrong,
you can,
if you want to hand a baton off the talk and have anybody else do it all
good.
You get the,
the,
the razor,
it'll go down to where it's almost bicked,
but what we have a barber on site,
who's going to bring it down to the clean behind the scenes?
That's so respectable.
I thought you were going to try to just go really shave, but that's very honorable.
You have to say this is going to be Peter Man's biz.
By the time I go on the broadcast on Saturday night, live from fucking Edmonton, outside the arena at the Moss Pit.
Everyone's going to see me on national television
as Peter Mansby is down to the wood,
and we just have to now line up the barber
once we get confirmation from the Oilers,
and they have reached out.
So we're in contact right now.
It's going to be as big as the top as R.A.'s head,
and it'll be like that for three games on the national broadcast.
Some people are like,
Oh,
we want the whole,
it's like,
listen,
Edmonton fans deserve this.
They deserve to laugh at me like the clown that I am.
And in the fact that I was adamant that they were going to mop the floor
with the Edmonton Oilers.
I didn't even think the fucking Edmonton Oilers were going to make
playoffs at a one point this season.
So you guys get the last laugh.
And the last thing,
do you guys want to jump into it
now ra before we end up one thing i want to mention okay we're gonna get into the fucking
no goal call in december the oilers they took over i think december 1st they took over first
place in the western conference and we were buzzing and we were flying high and that was probably
about 50 60 days after our bet and then they went on an absolute dumpster fire of a run.
I believe they were 2-11-2.
It felt like they were 1-30 on a span through December and January.
And so many people like you shit on this team.
And when you have a player like McDavid,
and Dreissel did not take a backseat,
17 frigging points in five games,
those two could carry a team to a stanley cup i truly believe it so i'm very looking forward to this round are we the
underdogs yeah we're the underdogs against calgary big time and i love where we're at and i wanted to
say biz thank you for picking the flames and looking like such an idiot you're welcome and
uh quickly all right to go back to things.
So we're going to be in Denver.
We're going to get in on Wednesday morning.
We got a live event there.
Dorneli's going to give you the details right now.
It's all in relation to Pink Whitney,
where we're going to show up on Wednesday in Denver
and then Friday in Edmonton.
Yeah, so Wednesday we'll watch the Eastern Conference Finals game.
It will be at Avante Food and Beverage in Denver.
We'll be in the lower lounge section, and that'll be from 6 to 9.
The address of that is 3200 North Picos Street in Denver, Colorado.
So we're excited. It should be fun.
That'll be a time. Where are we going at Edmonton?
So Edmonton, we're going to a bar called Greta.
What we're going to do is we're going to watch the Eastern conference finals
game to ourselves. After we land from getting in from Denver,
then we're going to kind of decompress, have dinner, absorb the game.
So we can talk about on the podcast and what we saw.
And then after that we're going to be kicking off at Greta around eight 30 to
10 30. It's going to be a two hour. We're going to show up, interact,
say hello to the
fans i would get there earlier it's a place that has like pac-man ra it has all those fun old school
arcade games they're going to have a bubble hockey game in which last time i went there i fucking
dummied every fucking kid that tried to come up and play me in bubble hockey i bet them over
hey all right i'll play you first game you fucker i want in on this too i wouldn't fuck
with bar games the guys are wizards all right that's like how he has a salary now he goes to
bars gets buckled and wins every bet there he had a game today that's how he had to leave the house
uh but uh so we get to interact with the fans in a cool setting it's a cool bar that we're gonna
pink whitney shots going around so it's going to be a great way to us to interact in two cities that we haven't been if ever if in a while um and then as far as uh
games two and games three we're going to be at them live in the mix we're going to get some
interviews when we're uh in denver and edmonton so we're going to have a fucking great time
and of course tnt is traveling with the this round so it's it's just going to be so much fucking good energy and and
we're really looking forward to it and ra before we get really going i'll throw it over to you for
the pink whitney tire pump who's going to be bringing to you those two pates this week absolutely
first because i can't wait till my old man calls me probably 7 30 saturday night just to ask about
your hair and then me having to explain the bet because the guy's never been on the internet except
for youtube not since, like his son.
It's hilarious.
He started streaming, which is crazy because he did a VCR until he was about 50.
Also, to my mother, Whit brought me a pair of shoes,
new sneakers the other day.
I was like, oh, these are pretty nice.
I look at the label inside, Aldo.
I was like, oh, these have to come to Edmonton.
While we're going back to Edmonton, this is crazy.
It has to be made up.
I swear to God, I almost shit my pants off of all the gin
joints. These are coming in the suitcase.
But as you mentioned, Pink Whitney. And boys, we got
the big roadie coming up, so we got to make sure
all our pit stops are stocked on the old birdie
juice, the Pink Whitney. And our listeners
should make sure they're stocked up as well, because
it's summertime, and you don't want to be without the
refreshing pink stuff if you haven't company. serving it as a chilled shot or mix it with
club soda either way enjoy the five times distilled vodka infused with fresh pink lemonade flavor and
named after our favorite defenseman on the year here the wit dog all right boys let's dive into
it after losing game one to calgary nine to, Edmonton rattled off four straight wins,
capped by a wild 5-4 OT win in game five that sent the Oilers to their first Western Conference Finals since 2006.
Flames rubbed 1-0 after the first, and the teams combined for seven goals in the second period.
They set a record for the fastest four goals ever in a playoff game, four goals in 71 seconds.
There were none in the third period. Then it went to OT.
And then Connor McDavid does what Connor McDavid does.
Leon set him up.
Boom.
Game over.
Game, set, match.
Whit, let's go to you first on this one.
I was so down in the dumps and so worried at the start of that game.
It's like, oh, my God.
And I really did figure Calgary would throw the kitchen sink at them
and it would be try to get through the first period and see what happens.
But to go down 2-0 on the road, even though they could score goals at Willits,
it felt like all series.
It's still kind of a little bit of a panic.
Now, the way they responded and the fact that that record
so that series showed us the quickest four goals at Stanley Capistro.
You said 71 seconds.
I have to believe that never gets sniffed again.
That was like watching on acid, as Biz usually says. No said 71 seconds. I have to believe that never gets sniffed again. That was like watching
on acid, as Biz usually says.
No, you were. It was crazy. I was like, what is
going on right now? And then the first game,
I believe it was the two quickest goals to ever
start a Stanley Cup playoff game.
Imagine a Flames
fan after the first 30 seconds
of game one. They're like, we're going to sweep this team
10-0 every game. Little did
they know they were only going to win once.
But the way they came back, and for me, Zach Hyman in that series,
and I know I talked about the Dreisaitl 17 points and McDavid's winner
and what he did.
Holy shit.
Zach Hyman just earned what I feel like is every penny of that contract
they gave him this summer because of how he performed in that second round.
And Leafs fans are totally, they understood understood they really couldn't afford to keep them um that wasn't you
know really in the cards for them but Edmonton fans are so happy that the Leafs ended up deciding
not to resign him because his his game translates so perfect to playoff hockey and it's even more
and more the longer you go right he's a dog he works his bag off he's a great player on the
PK he gets these breakaways shorthanded it seems like every game against Calgary yeah he turned
into like a gabrick oh dude he was just flying around and McDavid to get the winner I know I'm
kind of hopping all over there was so much to that went into that game including the no goal but
McDavid to get the winner and then to get on and, and, and, and say, yeah, I had a tough night. I was awful tonight,
which for him, maybe he did consider his game to be completely off.
But I thought still, when he has the puck, he controls the play,
he controls the tempo. Maybe it wasn't his dynamite, you know,
earlier in the first round and second round self McJesus,
but just to say to the reporter, yeah,
the guys really picked me up to get that.
That goal is the most meaningful goal of my career.
And you saw the passion as he skates away and like, Oh my God,
we don't have to go back for game six.
And every Oilers fans line, if they tell you,
they weren't panicked about losing that game.
I think Merle's and I had been chatting or you said on the pod,
or maybe it was army. Like if Calgary gets game five,
this thing is so far from over because it's like the snowball
effect going back to Edmonton if you get one there you're going home for game seven so that game it
was a it was the definition of not being a must win but in my mind I was like please just end this
now edge of my seat on overtime um released the video immediately after the goal and all I could
think about was just searching the internet the rest of the night looking for quotes looking for post-game coverage and seeing the pure jubilation on edmonton
fans faces wow what a fucking breakdown lady let's give it a try oh think about it think about
it and nobody you summarized it perfectly and went like from a losing perspective and watching what
edmonton did everybody's clicking at the right time that
fucking cane deal is looking better and better by the minute and the fact that he's been able to put
in 12 goals and go on this fucking heater and he's only costing them or only cost them two million
bucks uh you mentioned yamamoto he's fucking playing he's a dog yeah he's just fucking he
and and everything i thought of calgary and their role players and the way that they added throughout the season, they weren't doing what the guys that maybe people didn't expect from Edmonton to come out of their shells.
Hyman obviously is like the easy, obvious answer outside of the norm other than Kane, like smart move by just turning himself into a post on the side of the net on the power play that's fucking pretty i know and mcdavid's like okay i'll shoot it off the um the little part of the
clear tape that has a puck mark on it from warm-ups like go where it'll drop right at your
feet just banging home after yeah it's kind of a genius movie just basically extend the nets you
know yeah just filter it in there fuck i could have done that for 30 a season with him um mike
smith i mean great incredible story there was a funny article by by
wish like obviously you just never know what's going to happen by the minute with that guy in
net which makes him an electric factory in itself like how he's able to play the puck how he let
that goal in from the center which like he didn't even it wasn't even standardized dude it was the
top of the circles yeah that was a half quarter or yeah, a farther end one.
But nonetheless, a very cool thing to all come together at the right time.
And I'll say this from even from game one, I told you guys, I'm like, OK, if they're
going to fucking try to play like this all series long, like this is not going to work
out, they're going to they're going to outrun and gun you.
And it just seems like Calgary never really
had an answer for for for any of it and if anything when even in game five when they got up that two
lead like nothing about their game kind of shut down from opening things up the defensive zone
coverage was was brutal it was the it was one of the most entertaining if not the most entertaining
five game series ever in the way that it all went down it was utter chaos cocaine chaos for
five games and all of a sudden it was just done now i personally believe that this thing should
have went six and that goal should have counted uh me me and don k Koharski were going fucking toe to toe in the back of TNT.
Cole would dummy you.
Yeah.
By the way, he, we should get him on.
He's got obviously a million stories from Reffin starting with the donut one, but I
felt that all things considered from that goal that Coleman scored should have counted.
There was not enough conclusive evidence to overturn that in any way shape or form every hockey player that at least i saw whether it was on the broadcast or afterward
agreed where the goal on the ice was not kevin bx okay and i think that guy knows what he's
talking about i buddy i hear you i hear you let's have a grown-up discussion about it all
now before we do dive in not a grown-up i about it all. Now, before we do dive in. I'm not a grown-up.
I'm a child.
Grinnelli, what did you think of it, quick?
Goal or no goal?
Goal.
I definitely thought it was a goal.
I thought that was a goal, too.
All right.
100 a goal like we've seen a billion times before.
Okay, guys.
Here's my argument. I believe it should have been a goal.
guys, here's my argument. I believe it should have been a goal, but if you go on the law and the, the, the way the rule is kind of called, you can't have a kicking motion. I'm not saying there was a
big kick emotion. You're also allowed to angle the puck, angle your foot. So if the puck is flying
at you and you angle and open your skate, boom, it can hit the skate and go in that puck. The
reason that the, the, the biggest issues that i think it was going in nonetheless and i think it was going to roll in
but he's not stopping and he's not and he's not redirecting his foot he's not reangling his foot
there's an angle it's like over mike smith's left shoulder at a diagonal and he just has his foot
and he nudges the puck in and that is no goal
it's like think about the league the way they call the rule they called it a goal on the ice and they
still took it back which usually makes it even harder because that puck is sitting there and his
foot hits the puck and it goes in without in the attempt of stopping and hitting and without the
attempt of just angling your foot having going he moved his foot into the puck ever so slightly and it went across the line and because of that in my mind
it's no goal he is not his blade isn't even on the ice if he was stopping and trying to make the
attempt to stop and the puck went in there would have been snow flying up from the ice there was
nothing okay so where i disagree with you on that point and then I'll back up and kind of go through the whole thing, is if you watch from the angle of where the Edmonton bench would be and the angle down, he digs in to that edge on the outside edge off of his toe in order to avoid crashing into the post and you could see that he actually gains the leverage from that stop and that push
by avoiding the post from that angle so where i disagree with everyone is like oh you would have
seen snow there might have been every like every little bit of snow but also keep in mind he's at
a very bizarre angle in the angle in which his skate is on in order to get the stop there's no denying
that he stopped on the outside edge of that left skate now take i'll take you back to the beginning
so he has every right to go for that loose puck and that's exactly what happens as soon as he's
in the moment of going to the net and he locks eyes with it we're guys as hockey players you're
going for that puck cody cc does an awesome job job of disrupting him as he's going to the net
to the point where he clearly interferes with him
because he makes contact with him before he actually touches the puck
and knocks his left hip and pushes him in.
And then so Coleman's right side of his body, his right leg, hits Smitty.
So now that his right leg hits smitty so now that his right leg hits smitty he can't
have any type of stability on that leg to actually make a kicking motion your only option at that
point with your left leg is hope that you can open up your blade in time in order to get on that edge
and stop if not if he keeps it straight he's crashing right into the net. Once he'd made his decision on where he was going for the puck.
Also did not only CC hit his left hip, he got his stick too.
So he's got nothing at that point.
He's so vulnerable to that because he's been put in that situation by Cody
CC.
He has every right to make an attempt to stop, to avoid the net.
And he did that. He stops.
He stops with that that outside
edge on that left foot and he and and in order to get that stop he has to get that leg underneath
him to get that leverage in that angle and then also his upper body which was bent over you have
to kind of sway it back to make sure that you get on that edge. And that's why he opens up his foot. Like in my mind,
he had to do everything in his right mind to stop from hitting that thing.
And he did.
The game's moving a million miles an hour, but the way that puck's moving,
I'm very surprised. He doesn't just let the puck go in. I don't know, man.
Like that, that's kind of the play. And I understand,
like maybe he could say I'm trying to stop. I didn't even mean to hit it,
but I think it's pretty obvious. And I also think like, maybe he could say I'm trying to stop. I didn't even mean to hit it. But I think it's pretty obvious.
And I also think you have to take into consideration Nugent Hopkins' reaction,
which, granted, obviously he's on the other team.
You're immediately thinking, what can I do to make this?
Or hopefully this isn't a goal.
But right away, he's like, no, no, no.
He kicked it.
I was right there.
I watched him.
He booted it in.
No goal.
Whit, everybody's argument is, he would he would have avoided the point
post by just skating he fucking got hit by co he's if you watch if you watch it he kind of
makes contact with cc first he's going to the net and he kind of bumps into him to get offensive
position he's got it looks to my opinion ra and you can argue this in Merle's or Grinelli, he is first there.
He has that right away.
He earned that ice.
He has a right to that direct line, in my opinion.
He doesn't have a right to kick it in.
That's what my issue is, the whole distinct kicking motion.
Historically in the NHL, you look like a 1960s field goal kicker.
You're literally kicking the thing in the net.
We've seen so many goals allowed
where guys do the subtle thing where almost
off the instep, or even he
does it on the outside, so it even should have been
allowed more. To say it was a distinct
kick in motion based on NHL history
is a fucking joke. That's my issue with it,
which is no surprise because the NHL
and inconsistency go hand in hand with these
rulings, but I thought there's no fucking
way they got it. They took 20 minutes, however long they they took and they overruled it i just had the issue
with the distinct kick and motion that's not i mean if you kick like that on broadway you
fucking fight it open at night wasn't a kick at all and and and as i mentioned like since his right
leg was taken away you can't just like follow through with that leg off the ice his skate was
on the ice the entire time and where i disagree
with you he ended up stopping on that edge yes was it after he made contact with the puck look at the
time he has to react from when cc react hits him to when he actually digs in and makes a stop guys
we're talking about fucking three feet here when these guys are traveling fucking 15 miles an hour
like to to slow it down by the
fucking frame in this situation and say that he didn't stop is is mind-numbing to me so that's
just kind of where i don't see some of the other side of the argument but i think it should have
went to six who gives a fuck they didn't deserve to win i think they played like a bunch of bozos
defensively and they didn't get the secondary scoring and all the credit to Edmonton and I'm
fucking so happy for McDavid and and Dreisaitl and the rest of that team I'm looking forward to
this conference final it is going to be two heavyweights going at it and it sucks that either
McDavid and Dreisaitl or McKinnon and Makar for the top six players in the world are not going to
be advancing the Stanley Cup and another year dry.
And you saw his quotes at the end of last year after year nine for McKinnon.
So this is going to be a heavyweight bout.
Let me just add on to Witt's point about the German.
Witt talked about his 17 points in five games.
That was the third most all-time in a series.
Middleton had 19 in seven games.
And a guy named Gretzky had 18 and six games.
So that was ridiculous.
And another easily would have got nine.
He would have got 22.
Had they gone seven.
And on the craziest stat was the last five games he's averaged,
or he's had over three points,
three plus points in the last five games,
men's league. And he's had a sprained ankle. Yeah.
I wanted to add that like in those last few LA games,
it looked like he was like a pirate with a wooden leg and now,
and now all of a sudden he's back. He's on the gas.
It's crazy watching him. He's so giant.
He might be the best in the league right now at protecting the puck. He,
he's so good. He just fires his ass into guys right he's boom backing up into people throwing his back into their
chest and it creates this little kind of separation where he's able to find guys he
finds him through the seam in the offensive zone he makes rocket passes to the neutral zone
and bouchard and keith i want to shout them out because on the tying goal Bouchard had, Bouchard played awesome.
He's got a can in that kid.
And he also had some moments where he's carrying the puck out of his own zone.
He's getting back pressure.
His first few steps, dude, he's creating a lot of separation himself.
He's got speed.
He's got a great shot as a high pick and a young defenseman. I think you're seeing kind of him really grow into his game right now and the confidence you can gain from winning two rounds.
He's got three goals in the playoffs already.
Duncan Keith made a beautiful seam pass to Dreitzel
who ended up beating it for the tying goal to Bouchard.
So super impressed by a lot of that.
But, yeah, it's amazing.
And I think R.A. mentioned it the night we live streamed,
which was a lot of fun.
I don't think we've chatted with anyone.
Have we done a podcast since we live streamed?
No, actually, we're doing one tonight, right? a lot of fun. I don't think we've chatted with anyone. Have we done a podcast since we live streamed? No, actually we're doing one tonight, right?
We are on Tuesday.
Oh yeah, we got tonight.
All right. And you mentioned on the live stream when we
watched game four,
it looked like McDavid might have been a little injured.
He had that fall, I think. And
I talked to some people. I think a few days off
did him a lot of good. It was like important.
They closed that series out five,
Leon Connor and Kane himself can all,
all use a little time off and they get that extra days where they end up
having six days before they play.
They were in a Connor's hot tub that he's got there on that.
I saw Yamamoto and McLeod McLeod's another speedster.
What a great game he has.
They went and played some golf.
So,
you know,
just check tickets some chill time.
Probably talk about stupid business haircut's gonna look
and play a little golf in between the series.
But Edmonton fans,
before we move on from this, that's what I appreciated
being there and seeing
the passion and seeing how disgusted
they were with the teams I was on and the player
I was. And truly, like,
you see a fan base who in the mid-80s,
it was the rite of passage.
They'd get to the final four.
They'd get to the conference finals and get to the Stanley cup finals.
And over years and years of pain and suffering and draft pick bus and
losing and just bad vibes around the entire team.
It's an entire like new life.
Look,
they're looking at now and to be back in the conference finals and that
city is buzzing. I'm being told I cannot wait to get there because I look they're looking at now and to be back in the conference finals and that city is
buzzing i'm being told i cannot wait to get there because i think they're finally realizing wow
i think we took it for granted back in the 80s you see how hard it truly is to reach this level
in the cup playoffs and wayne's coming back for it too that's kind of oh oh yeah make jesus and
the goat together in the same environment the fuck it's gonna be like
sedona like the vortex um i i know i was vague about the performance by calgary but like
and i feel bad for maybe they were bad putting a little bit too much heat on markstrom i just think
overall just like nobody had their a stuff um i mean you go even back to the the game winner on mcdavid
in in overtime just like the the awareness that he like not having it that he's on the ice and
you know getting caught on the wall in that situation where it's just like basic fucking
d-zone bullshit that was breaking down over and over throughout the series like it wasn't what i
expected and and i don't really feel like there were there were adjustments made it just seems
like and given you guys talked about the bad ankle for dry saddle I just like don't feel that they
made it difficult on him in any type of regard although there is a couple clips out there against
like with guys like taking little slashes at it but I just meant more from a physical perspective
of like like making him play defense at his own end, not giving him chances off the rush. Like that's the easy hockey I'm talking about.
That stuff, kind of shady.
It was like, you know, there was some clips of them kind of going at it.
And, you know, I'm not sure what type of effect that did have on Dreisaitl
because it doesn't look like it fucking worked.
Maybe they should have just fucking worried about their own game
and worrying about what they do best.
And even I mentioned it from the beginning of the series,
like they seem to be getting caught up with the vander kane and the and the whole like
bankruptcy thing well it's like fucking well i think he might be buying himself out of it because
of the contract he's gonna get for fucking a mop on the floor with your fucking ass you know so i
mean that's pretty much it all right i don't know if you saw much from calgary other than other than
what the way i just described it well i saw the big guns that they busted off of that last game the trio of well-stacked cowgirls sitting behind the glass
but even they couldn't summon Moxon to make a big save we'll get well the big guns on the ice going
but pretty impressive nonetheless I think that you know what I'm talking about Woodcroft was
blocking the titty energy you saw the photo right gee gee was you posted it oh yeah those were
Cowboys girls weren't they biz yeah yeah cowboys is this
amazing bar in calgary and let me tell you they uh when they do the stampede they have the cowboys
tent well i'll tell you what this i think uh blow jobs per urinal uh you know porter potty capital
that i think that pretty much leads the way and then there was that clip that went viral a couple
years ago one of the one of the local ladies was getting you know two-on-one no back checkers like fucking leon and you know execution rate like leon and
mcdavin buzzing down the wings filtering in you know that's had sex more time in cowboys than the
games in the series went in one day but anyway back six games in the series they throw up and
we're going to be there at some point i know we're going to make our way to Calgary. Hopefully next year when they're making a run.
But the Cowboys throw in an unbelievable tent party for the whole 12,
15 days of the Calgary Stampede.
So they sent in their numero unos and Woodcroft just kind of cock blocked
all that fucking titty energy.
And the boys were able to focus in and get the job done.
So commend them.
Either that or he
wrote his number on his hand it was like fucking stiff okay i'm joking that's one way to block
that's one way to cock block more for me i'm pretty i like this new trend but i know i mean
that's why i gave the disclaimer either way i like this new trend biz of a busty woman behind the
behind the clock i got i got one more speaking of the live stream we had uh kevin hayes on and i tried to get him i put him on the spot there asking about johnny goudreau and i don't
know if you guys saw johnny's um press conference it did not sound like a guy coming back to calgary
no i know i meant to bring that's a good call almost like kind of thank yous it felt like
and talking about the his neighbor who was shoving all his snow. He's like, I think he really
wants to come back. That was Brad Tree Living.
It was Brad Tree Living.
He had the snow blower out.
Crazy times in Calgary though with him
UFA and what Chuck's going to get
RFA wise. There are going to be some
big changes there. And last thing
I know I've mentioned guys playing injured.
Everyone's playing injured, but Chris Tanev
I think the guy had surgery about six minutes after game five.
He was playing as injured as anyone has in this playoff
and doing his best to try to stop McDavid and Dreitzel.
So shout out to that guy for being a warrior.
And that animal, Zdorov, had three broken ribs as well.
Got to give him a shout out.
That's the thing.
He probably broke them himself when he sneezed.
He's a mutant.
That could be another thing, too, guys.
We don't know what's going on behind the scenes,
so if they got four important pieces that are playing very, very banged up,
that could throw off the whole engine, right?
So it sucks.
You got to give credit where it's due.
Calgary did not look like themselves for whatever factors that may be.
All right, boys, I think we can move along.
We haven't mentioned our guest yet.
We're going to bring him on in a little bit.
Hall of Fame defenseman, Larry Murphy.
Great interview coming to you a little bit.
I enjoyed the conversation very much,
but first we have some words from our friends at Shopify.
Shopify is the all-in-one commerce platform to start, run,
and grow your business.
Shopify gives entrepreneurs the resources once reserved for big business.
So upstarts, startups, and established businesses alike can sell everywhere,
synchronize online and in-person sales, and effortlessly stay informed.
Shopify offers online retailers a suite of services, including payments, marketing,
shipping, and customer engagement tools.
Connect with your customers, drive sales, manage your day-to-day.
Shopify instantly lets you accept all major payment methods.
Shopify has thousands of integrations and third-party apps from on-demand printing to
accounting to advanced chatbots to and beyond.
Go to shopify.com slash checklists, all lowercase, for a free 14-day trial and get full access
to Shopify's entire suite of features.
Grow your business with Shopify today.
Go to Shopify dot com slash checklets right now.
All right, boys.
All right.
Shout out Army.
Shout out Army guys.
What a great bunch of feedback we got with Army coming back on.
That guy's born to do this stuff.
Morales has been Morales has known him longer than any of us have.
And he was,
he was great.
So we appreciate it.
I think I should have got a,
I should get a finder's fee for dragging him back into us.
I know you dragged him to that bar in New York city.
Now we can't let go of them.
We're going to hold onto him forever.
I love it.
I love it.
Because you just mentioned Larry Murphy and you know,
he had so much time in Detroit,
that E60 documentary
on the red wings and avalanche looks like it's going to be unbelievable i know they got a bunch
of the guys involved for a sit down i texted you guys but of course it being long weekend we we
weren't able to get him on or or we maybe we can darren mccarty was in it he would be a great guy
to talk about the filming process of it all and a guy who had his, you know, imprint on it.
What a wild debacle.
And, guys, I tweeted it the other day.
There's so much hate going on in this year's playoffs,
like whether you look at, you know, the Battle of Alberta,
you know, St. Louis with abs.
There was tons of hate.
Carolina and New York do not like each other.
And, you know, the Battle of Florida, which kind of didn't really pack a punch.
But nonetheless, a great storylines.
And that being one of the biggest ones in hockey history with an E60.
Yeah, I wrote a blog about it.
It was one of those, like, remember where you were moments.
And those moments are even more impressive.
Because when there are two teams, you generally don't care about it.
Of course, when your team wins big games, you remember.
But when it's two teams, you don't even really watch often or don't care about.
That's the good shit, man.
I mean, I remember peeing in the college bar watching it,
and then we tried to watch the replay late night.
Just one of those awesome, crazy nights,
and I cannot fucking wait for that talk.
It looks awesome, especially the end when they bring out Konstantinov.
Dude, you're just like.
Oh, when they showed him at the end of the trailer, I said, what?
Like, what was your favorite memory?
I think he goes, winning.
Something like that.
Beat them.
He says, beat them.
And it's like, you get goosebumps. I mean, because after what happened to that what happened that guy so needless to say we'll be pumping the shit out of that when
we get a date it's going to air sometime during the final so great job biz bringing that up because
it looks unreal all right moving back down to the west oh i should say a little further south in
game six in st louis friday night villi huso was looking very much like the guy from the regular
season and game seven was looking like a pretty good possibility
with the Blues heading into the third with a 2-1 lead.
But then he suddenly looked like the guy from earlier in the playoffs
on JT Comf's tie and goal.
Boom, ugly goal.
Probably shouldn't happen.
Still, they were tied.
Looks like OT's on the horizon.
All of a sudden, 35-year-old Darren Helm shocks the Blues
and their home fans.
He scores his first in the playoffs with under six seconds left.
Shocks everybody.
Boom. Avs move on. We get the under six seconds left. Shocks everybody. Boom.
Abs move on.
We get the matchup we wanted.
Biz, let's go to you first on this one.
Well, I just, you know,
like you got to give credit to Sakic
and the moves that he made
and, you know, in leveraging the future.
You know, they didn't have a ton
of cup experience on that team.
Burakovsky and Helm were the only guys
who had previously won a cup.
So you look, you eventually look back on a run and you think of these big moments
that end up happening, and it's him who was the hero in a moment where,
boys, if that goes back to Colorado 7, their arseholes are fucking puckered
up real tight.
I was a little bit skeptical of Darcy Kemper's game.
It looked a little bit shaky.
So to see a guy who won a cup with the Red Wings, they sign them as a free agent this off season and adds, you know,
something to the bottom six and provides a major moment. Like once again,
credit the sack and these, another thing,
sometimes it's the deals you don't make Byram, you know,
what were you going to do with him? Was it,
and he might've never even considered that in a million years, but you know,
he was one of those pieces that was like,
they probably caught him got a nice a million years, but you know, he was one of those pieces that was like, they probably caught him,
got a nice return in order to,
you know,
try to solidify that win this year in Gerard's absence.
What he's done is he stepped up and he's like growing right before our
eyes and in a very,
very pressure situation,
he was excellent as that series went on.
Um,
and going back to the,
to the winning goal in game six,
like I thought Landis dogs been's been a beast all playoffs.
I mentioned it last podcast.
Cross-body screen on the winner.
The goalie is tracking the puck.
He sees it the whole way.
Landis does the drive-by.
You, all of a sudden, you're unlocked.
Now you're guessing.
When you can time that drive-by,
it's just such a game changer.
The goalie has zero chance because that split second it takes to look around you, it's in.
And it doesn't need to be a laser.
It just needs to be put in the perfect situation, in the perfect place.
And that's exactly what happened.
And to me, it wasn't Landy scoring a fucking million goals.
It was him doing all the little things throughout that series that really really stuck out to me um I thought that it sucked to see and
I think we already talked about the wasted performance by McKinnon in game five but
hey it was the depth guys like JT Comfort and Helm who got it over the finish line in a much
needed game where going back to the first goal I didn't think it was a strong goal allowed by
Darcy Kemper even though Falk was able to walk in, he beat him clean,
and it wasn't that nice of a shot.
It hit his blocker, and it went in.
But they got the contributions where they needed them.
And if they have any chance, and you said that you think
that Edmonton's the underdog, I would agree from an overall standpoint of what
probably people are betting on it but if they don't get Rantanen going I see this as a very
even series as far as weapons overall weapons because you got two fucking monsters in dry
settlement David and then you got two monsters in McKinnonon in mccarr yeah now kane and landis kog even out
the rotten's got one goal this playoff and it was an empty netter you talk about guys being
banged up i don't know what's going on with him but they have he's playing on the top unit he's
still playing on power play i don't know if the answer is maybe limiting the ice time if he is but
they need him as a guy to show up who wasn't really there in that second round against St. Louis and Kemper's the one reason that I that I
really do have confidence and now here's people say oh Mike Smith the Oilers goalie and it's been
an adventure at times but he's had timely timely saves game six and seven against LA he was awesome
and then in this series like yeah the goal went in from Anderson, the other end.
He also made some huge saves in all these games where it's like, all right, I don't know if Kemper really has his A game right now.
I think what the offense Edmonton has, the big issue is the D from Colorado and the offense that they can add from the back end.
So it's like Edmonton's going to have to backtrack.
They're not going to be able to give up odd man rushes.
They got to have third guy high and try to be able to control Makar's game a little bit.
Because once you start back and forth with him, it's not you're not going back and forth to scrub it up flames.
So I think that the one thing is that the defense in Colorado can move it and they can skate themselves.
And I'm glad you brought up Byram with what he's been through and the scare in terms of not knowing when he was going to be okay again to assist on that JT
comfort tying goal with about nine minutes left what a beautiful play gains the gains the line
snaps one over I think Huso kind of would have wanted that one back it was a good shot top right
but it wasn't one of the top goal scorers in the league shooting it right it was kind of just
it was a good shot but I think that that goal should probably be i asked i asked hank and he said
that's a good shot and he says if that's where you put it in that situation that's usually where
the hole is that's hank saying that he's not gonna dog a goal you know i mean yeah i think
he's got the credibility to where i'm just gonna now agree agree with him. So good goal. And you're looking into his eyes. Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Just fucking mesmerized.
Just how fucking Edmonton mesmerized Calgary into playing their game.
So how about Darren Helm?
Let's see.
May 27, 2009, he scores a series-winning goal to help the Wings advance.
May 27, 2022, scores a series-winning goal to help the Avs advance.
What are the fucking odds on that?
Josh Manson said, what a day for you.
And talk about another hero, Josh Manson, with the save of the game.
I mean, Kemper kind of rolling around like a kid in a sandbox out there
for a bit.
Manson with unreal save.
I mean, St. Louis was up 2-1 at that point.
If they score there, man, different series.
It's going 7.
It's going 7.
And St. Louis must have a ton of what-ifs as well.
Because, I mean, if Binnington plays this whole series, man.
I know.
They're probably still playing overtime in game seven right now,
given the disparity in the two goaltenders.
So I think we're going to see  I think we're going to see Kadri.
Like, if you think Blues fans hate him,
I can't imagine what he's got in store for Connor and Leon
to try to rattle these guys.
My hope is he kind of takes a suspension.
Now, I guess that would lead to injury, so I don't want to say that.
But hopefully he gets riled up enough where he's taken some dumb penalties.
But I think with what he's been through in the past
and then this playoff to deal with those ridiculous,
horrible threats that he received,
I think he's reached another level maturity-wise
where we're really going to have to be worried about him as an Oilers fan.
Murr,
what do you have right now for the Barstool Sportsbook odds?
For the series?
Yeah.
Yeah.
So it's interesting on the Barstool Sportsbook right now,
they have the Oilers plus one and a half games at plus 105,
or you can go over to the score bet in Ontario and you can get the Oilers
plus 200.
And then on the other side, you can get the Avalanche minus one
and a half games, minus 132 on the Barstool Sportsbook.
And on the score bet, it's Avalanche minus 250.
So there's a couple of different ways.
Big favorites.
The money line's not up on Barstool at this minute,
but I'm sure it will be up any second.
But definitely big, big favorites.
It's going to be a game one.
I'm not going to say feeling out process.
I'm talking as us fans, analysts looking at the game.
I think you're going to know a lot about the series after game one.
And after Calgary admitted game one, it was like, all right,
I guess we're going back and forth.
If Colorado's doing that thing where they got you in your own end
for like 18 of 20 minutes in the first period and it's 3-0,
it's like, all right, we could be in one here.
But if all of a sudden you're seeing chances
and you're seeing Edmonton not give up odd man rushes,
this could be a long, long boat.
And the fact that Edmonton is dealing with a team
that does not have a Vasilevsky, a Shesterkin, a top end goalie.
That's what gives me some hope.
The McMatchup is what they're calling it.
I'll give you a little tidbit on this series, Whit, that you probably didn't hear about yet.
I haven't heard anything last five days.
So the Oilers flew in on Sunday to get rid of any altitude or travel problems.
Ooh, they're already there.
Wow.
Yeah.
So I could give you a funny story on the altitude.
I don't know if anyone knows, but I think I was the last player to wear 29 for the Colorado
Avalanche before Nate.
Very similar games.
Wow.
Interesting.
Yeah.
I was only there for exhibition, but I signed there and I went out for a month early to try to get acclimated to this this crazy altitude.
Everyone tells me about I don't remember how I got in touch with him, but Ian LaPierre was there and he calls me the first day I'm in town.
He goes, I'll be at the hotel at 7 a.m. I'll pick you up. Like'm like, oh man, like I'm obviously not a physical specimen.
He brings me up to the Red Rocks concert theater to run the, you run the, like the seats,
you run this bleachers. So it was the hardest part of my entire training camp. And I ended up
having to do it the first day. So it was like a complete waste of time trying to like, oh,
I'm going to get out there and get acclimated. So I don't look like an idiot. I was like a complete waste of time trying to like, oh, I'm going to get out there and get acclimated so I don't look like an idiot.
I looked like a complete idiot.
There was like 10 or 12 regulars there.
They told the GM, this guy's a fat joke.
Was it hard to run out there that quick?
Yeah, well, I mean, I can't just blame it on Yalto.
But I remember when I played for business Phoenix Coyotes
one game in Colorado, and I could feel it in my lungs that first couple shifts there's definitely something to it so the
oilers i got there early they're giving their players every chance to to make good in the first
game they say it hits you harder for the second game really that's yeah so so so if anything
you're saying bet oilers game one and then abs game two. Oh yeah. And yeah, we mean,
okay.
Um,
now listen,
I know these,
these,
uh,
high end players,
like right now I said for the top six players in the world are playing in
the same series.
Is that a fair comment?
I would say McCarr,
McKinnon,
Dreitz,
Idle,
McDavid,
four of the top 10 players in the world,
right?
Oh,
I,
yeah,
I would say for the top six, I would put fair enough. As far as players are concerned, I'd put the world, right? Yeah, I would say four of the top six.
Okay, fair enough.
As far as players are concerned, I'd put Pablo probably maybe ahead of what McKinnon did this season.
Buddy, the guy scored 60 fucking goals, and he's probably going to win the heart.
I'd say that he's up in that category.
Regardless, four of the top six.
This is what McKinnon had to say about the hype of it all and us talking about it like that
I think he's the best I said it uh yeah I think he's been the best for a little bit now and um
it's going to take a full team effort to stop him and same with Dreisaitl so um but they're
deeper than teams give them credit for sure I mean they're very deep they wouldn't be where
they're at without the full team effort. And, uh,
for me,
um,
I'm not really thinking about that a whole lot.
Uh,
obviously I see that stuff,
but,
um,
you know,
that's to hopefully that gets more viewers and lowers escrow.
But other than that,
I don't care.
So,
you know,
I don't believe that for a minute.
Me neither.
Like, you know, you see that like MJ doc.
And that's what I love about MJ.
He's like flat out going to tell you.
He's like, no, I wanted to fucking beat them every fucking time.
I want everybody to know who the fucking best was.
It was us.
And it was me, bitch.
That's the type of type A shit that these guys, these are who these people are.
That's how they get.
Oh, they're deranged to be there.
Deranged human beings. They're so hyper-focused.
Not having a cup in hockey is worse than any other sport
because it's looked at as such from a team standpoint,
to the point where guys don't even want to show their personalities
because they don't want to stand outside the box of the team perspective.
Oh, yeah, but he doesn't have a cup.
That is like a scarlet letter
they need that fucking cup like they fucking need their next hit like they need that that has to be
on their mantle the other shit really don't mean nothing unless they got that and when you're when
you're nine years old it's like these kids the they they're phenoms like yeah they're shooting
pucks but the shots are in overtime in game seven of the cup final.
It's like you want to be the best player,
but all you actually think about as a youngster is the cup.
And I'm not saying that's not the case for winning the Lombardi show
for the NBA title.
I agree with you, though, Biz.
There's no sort of, as a youngster,
looking at what you could win personally.
It's all about that ultimate goal, the Holy grail.
And I think that's why as you get further into the playoffs,
you see the, the, the pressure. It just,
it eats away at these guys where the day in between games on these runs.
And I saw it from Crosby and Malcolm on the run to the final.
You're just, Oh, you get to the rink for some treatment.
You just totally decompress and you're just shut the world out you're completely not on the same
planet as that next morning boom go to the rink prepare pre-game nap meal everything's the same
all the exact same superstitions and you're a robot for these two swings trying to deal with
the swings how to manage them uh you know, some of these guys' meditation, like you said,
like full-blown, they're getting the acupuncture,
making sure the hips are firing.
Like, it's eating the proper things.
Not a lot of boozing going on.
These guys right now, I'm telling you, especially these,
you never know when your next chance is going to come either.
As good as Dreisaitl and McDavid are,
you never know what's going to happen with the team.
They're not going to be able to get Kane back for fucking 2 million.
But I'll tell you what, each of these teams have enough weapons
on either side to not have any excuses about who can fucking get the job done.
And that is, there's a, ego is kind of like a negative word,
but there's fucking, there's a lot on the line here.
There's some fucking ego involved that I'll say it for fuck's sakes.
And I know the ratings this year, TNT, you guys have killed it.
Biz, you're a superstar.
ESPN said some really high rated games.
But the fact that TNT gets to get McKinnon and McDavid one on one head to head.
I got to think we're hopefully I'm hoping we'll see some of the bigger numbers ever watching
playoff games in the US.
I really hope that's the case because you're not going to
get a better matchup than this. Exactly.
You mentioned the Stanley Cup. It's
funny. The first time I drank out of it
was in Pittsburgh 2008 and a couple
hours before I did. Who did I meet
and get a pitch with? Larry Murphy.
No bullshit. I sent the picture to G
so I think we should send it over to the Hall of Famer right now. We'll get to the rest of the shit in a little bit. But first
we'd want to let you know that this interview is brought to you by our friends at game time,
the exclusive ticketing partner of our school sports. It's a new ticket and app that makes it
easier than ever to score last minute deals on tickets to sports concerts and shows, and they
guarantee the lowest price. They cracked the code on how to score deals and last-minute tickets.
Me and G have taken advantage of game time this spring,
and you ought to do the same.
Merles, let me ask you, which game would you go to, NHL, NBA?
What would have the best atmosphere to get tickets on game time
right now, this time of year?
NHL for me all day, and I think we're going to go to two of the best ones that you'll ever see
maybe in the last 10 years.
It's got to be giving us those tickets.
All right.
Game time.
Game time is getting us into games two and three.
So we're super excited because of that.
I've gotten so many tweets about it.
Seems like people are loving it.
It's so easy to use.
Like they said, it's way better than anything they used before.
So I think we're going to even try to get some extra tickets to give away
for fans in Denver. it was memorial weekend guys so we're going to try
to get a hold of them and and also try to do some activation so look out for our social media uh
follow us on twitter instagram and we might be in denver giving these bad boys away and uh thank you
to them for securing our bag and getting us the tickets to the western conference finals the
biggest last minute price drops can be found on the seats you thought you could never buy.
So download the GameTime app, go to the account tab to create a login,
and redeem code CHICKLETS for 20 off your first purchase.
Terms apply.
Download GameTime, last-minute tickets, lowest price guaranteed.
And now enjoy Hall of Fame defenseman Larry Murphy.
It's a pleasure to welcome our next guest to the show. One of the most prolific offensive defensemen of his era,
this number four overall pick by the Los Angeles Kings at the 1980 draft went on to play 21 NHL
seasons for six clubs. He was the only NHL player on four Stanley Cup winning teams in the 90s,
winning it back to back with the Penguins and the Red Wings. on four Stanley Cup winning teams in the 90s,
winning it back-to-back with the Penguins and the Red Wings.
In 2004, he was elected to the Hockey Hall of Fame.
These days, you can hear him break down the wings on Valley Sports Detroit.
Thanks so much for joining us on the Spit and Chick with podcast, Larry Murphy.
How's it going, Larry?
Doing well, gentlemen.
This is quite the production.
I feel like I'm getting bombarded.
I got four gentlemen to speak with.
So, hey, I'll do my best, but I'm glad to be here.
I hope you're ready for some stupid questions.
Yeah, four guys combined to one brain.
I wasn't going to say that.
I mean, I wasn't going to use the word stupid, but hey.
I heard there's no such thing as a stupid question.
We'll find out. We'll see if that's true or not.
Enjoying the playoffs thus far or what, La?
Yeah, I am.
It's interesting.
All the teams I played with, as you pointed out, I played six teams.
The Wings, of course, didn't make the playoffs.
The other five, I played for close five franchises.
They all were discarded in the first round of the playoffs.
So it was  in terms of the interest, you know, you always kind of
you watch teams that you've got a close tie to, and then they're all gone.
So kind of a disappointment.
But the short answer to your question, yes, I've been watching. Larry, i'm beginning to think the leafs curse is when they booed you out of town and those
fucking assholes didn't know what they had and all of a sudden they've been cursed ever since you
left but i think you it dates back a little longer than that so what do you make of all their despair
and uh and first round exits well it's uh paul it's uh i'm i'm disappointed i gotta be honest uh with the
leafs i uh i grew up in that scarborough suburb of toronto so um and i'm sad to say i can remember
i was a little boy when the last time at least won the cup in 67 so i'm aging myself there so
yeah i have a i have a you know and i played played a year and a half with the leafs i you
know i want to see them succeed.
And it's been, yeah, it was my tender there wasn't the greatest,
I'd say, for my career.
The team, we struggled badly.
And, of course, when things aren't going well for the club,
everybody takes the heat.
So I took my fair share.
But I was disappointed.
Actually, when I left Toronto, I had a no trade clause and I wasn't really thinking about waiving it.
But the opportunity to go to Detroit was just too good to pass up.
But yeah, I mean, you touched on it.
It's a cursed franchise for sure.
I mean, I feel bad for Brendan Shanahan.
You know, it just it seems like this is the year they're going to get over the hump.
But they always they always find a way to fall.
You know, that game seven just crushes them.
At home, too.
Yeah, I know. That hurts.
I mean, it's...
I mean, game six,
the five-on-three
gets Tampa back into it,
and that course, then they go on to beat them in seven.
I mean, it just seems like there's always something
that trips them up along the way.
I'm guessing like most Canadians, you probably started skating as a toddler.
Did you start out as a D-man right away?
Hi, it's interesting.
My introduction was, I find it interesting.
And yes, I did start a D, and I'll get to that in a moment.
But it was a case of the local rink.
Boys, you need to be six years old to play.
They were short.
My older brother was playing in this house league,
and my dad happened to be at the arena at the right time.
He said, well, look, we need to add four or five-year-old kids
just so we got enough to play.
Dad comes home and says, hey, you want to play?
Yeah, I've never been on skates before.
I'm fired up.
Yeah, I'm excited.
I put on all my brother's hand-me-downs. I get to the rink.
And what they did was they had a half, half ice skate,
where they had all the kids skate half ice circle and the coaches,
the four coaches would pull the player out of the pack.
So I get there and it's one of those hand on the boards, you know,
I'm just, I'm trucking around the, you know, the rink. And then I get,
I got a problem, my hands. I mean, how am I going to get across? You know, cause you know, the board, you around, you know, the rink. And then I get to the center ice. I got a problem with my hands.
I mean, how am I going to get across?
You know, because, you know, the board, you know, it's only half rink.
So anyways, I'm just the happiest kid in the world.
I get there.
There's probably, I'd say 60 kids starts with,
number goes down to 50, down to 40, down to 30.
You know, I'm still going.
I think I'm on, by the time there's 20 guys left, I'm on lap two.
And it gets down, last kid picked.
And to be perfectly honest honest it was the happiest day
of my life i didn't care i was picked last somebody actually wanted to be on their team
and that's that's how it started and when they're talking about playing defense
they had me uh the coach was real concerned he said well you know you're i want you to wait on
our blue line when the puck goes down to the other end you know because if you get down there we don't
know when you're able to get back.
So they had me, you know, stand on the blue line,
and I developed the old swish check where I'd just stand there.
I couldn't move.
The play would be coming down, and I just thought,
well, I'll just move my stick as much as I can,
and then hopefully I'll hit the puck.
And that's  some have said that that's kind of the way I approach the game
even in the National Hockey League.
Yeah, but you were able to just read the play enough to say,
I don't even need to move.
I can do all the work standing right here.
Yeah, that's right.
That's where I learned all about positioning, right?
I mean, as long as I was at the right spot, I didn't have to go anywhere.
Buck was going to come to me.
But, yeah, I mean, my dad put a rink in the backyard,
and I skated every day. And, you know, it dad put a rink in the backyard, and I skated every day.
And, you know, it was just a matter of a couple weeks I was able to go up and down the ice.
But it was, hey, I was the happiest kid in the world.
I was playing hockey.
You know, that was a dream come true.
When did you start lapping all the other players?
I mean, you were a fourth overall pick.
You obviously got pretty damn good at hockey at some point.
Well, yeah, I mean, I just hung in there.
You know, I skated. I was on the ice as much as I could be. pretty damn good at hockey at some point well yeah i mean i just hung in there um you know
i skated the i was on the ice as much as i could be some some years i played for two different teams
uh so it was just a case of just hanging in there get older you know you get played in the in the
toronto league you go and try out for a team and hopefully you know you'd make it and you just i
just kept moving along uh a bump in the road though another uh
story about i was playing forward uh going into bantam hockey i guess like 14 years old and then
i got cut or i went to the trial for the midget team as a as a center man and the coach said to
me you know we got no room on this team at center i mean why you're a big kid why don't you try
defense and i and i tried it and I made the team.
And then from that point on, just stuck with the defense. So that's probably a pivotal moment.
Just to make that team was do whatever you had to do, right?
I was I was. Yeah, I was very fortunate. It was I see what you're talking about.
Like when when I thought I had a chance to make it,
it's actually that transition back to the fence worked well for me,
and I was able to improve.
And next thing you know, I'm playing junior B in Toronto.
I get drafted to Peterborough, and then, of course,
I get drafted to Los Angeles.
So I'd say that was a moment going back to the fence where things really took off for me.
Where did you develop your offensive mind?
Like I was talking to Tuckett here this afternoon and he played with you in Pittsburgh.
He said, I never saw the guy rattled.
He was always just so calm when he had the puck on his stick.
Where did you learn how to develop all those offensive skills throughout you through coming up?
I have to give credit to my dad uh to my dad because you know the
rink in the backyard i mean he just stressed you know the basics i mean skating and puck handling
and shooting i mean that was something he just hammered away and uh uh so i was always that was
always uh my strength i think you know going even go as a kid i you know i was never and i was never
the fastest skater out there by any means or I never had the hardest shot or wasn't the greatest hitter but I you know just be able to handle the
puck well and be in the right right position so it was just something that that came along uh I
have to give I went to Peterborough I was very fortunate I had two excellent coaches I think
that uh really high Gary Green my first year and we had to actually end up winning the Memorial Cup that
year and then my second year I had Mike Keenan so we had and we had a strong we had a strong team
strong coaching and I think that really catapulted me and then of course getting getting to Los
Angeles it was uh they played a lot of run and gun so it just it just kind of evolved and that's
you know it's it's you just got to find a way in the national hockey.
You got to find something that's going to keep you there. So for me,
it was, you know, probably the offensive side of the game.
That was, was my strength.
We've heard a lot of Mike Keenan stories.
We've never heard of any junior hockey, Mike.
So for most NHL coaches that are hard on guys, junior,
it's like them on steroids. He must have been a madman in 1980.
Well, he was
he was not, he
developed into the Mike Keenan as we all know
and love. I have to
say that
he terrorized the guys.
I mean, Junior,
we did basically what he said
or you weren't going to play, but Mike my keenan story for me is and i'll always uh you know be grateful he uh one night
we were going to play uh toronto the marlies the next day and i had this i had this old this
mustang because this is my second year junior my draft year i had this mustang and you know had
the mag wheels on it, the chrome.
And I mean, you couldn't miss the thing.
So I made the mistake of there was a party at somebody's house,
somebody I went to school with.
And Mike Keenan actually happened to drive by at like one in the morning.
And he saw my car and he knew the car I had.
He didn't say anything to me until the next morning.
We're getting on the bus.'re going we're going to toronto to play and he calls me in the office
and he says uh uh you know hey i you know i caught you out last night and i i was oh my gosh i'm
going to toronto my parents are going to be there you know i got all these people he's going to sit
me out in this game you know i'm never going to get drafted. My career's over. So he let me stew all bus ride to Toronto.
And when I got there, though, he did put me in the lineup.
So that was a disaster avoided there.
So to Mike Keenan, I am ever grateful for that,
for him doing that to me.
But he was definitely, I would say, tyrants a little strong.
But boy, he had his moments.
That's for sure.
Larry, in that same draft, Paul Coffey went sixth.
You guys were opponents in juniors at the time.
Did you sort of have a friendly rivalry with him?
Did you know him well?
What was going on there?
Yeah, Coffey and I played minor hockey together in a couple of years.
And we actually were playing for the Marlies.
And going into Bantam, I know I got cut my Bant're playing for the Marlies and going into Bantam.
I know I, I, I got cut my Bantam year at the Marlies and I went and played
Don Mills for, for, uh, for Bantam hockey. And then I, I don't know,
cough, you have to ask cough. I was under the understanding.
He got cut also because he went and played for the Toronto Nats the next year
in, in Bantam hockey. So he, you know, he went one direction.
I went the other, uh, but we did play a couple. So he, you know, he went one direction. I went the other, but we did play a couple of, you know,
a couple of years in minor hockey. We played together and,
and a couple of Canada cups and he what's interesting.
What amazes me about talking about the probability,
talk about a long shot was Croft and I played peewee hockey together.
And then we both get inducted into the hockey hall
of fame the exact same year so I mean what's the chance of that two little guys on a on a peewee
hockey team getting into the hall the exact the exact same year so I mean that yeah Koff's a good
friend I you know played with him in uh uh in in Pittsburgh so he's uh I enjoy uh I enjoy playing
with it I mean what a great player, but also great in the dressing room.
One of the funniest guys I've ever played with, you know, the king of the one liner.
So, yeah, Kopp's a good friend.
So I was an honor to go in the hall with him.
From the time that you were drafted in junior, I would assume you were drafted by Peterborough.
Were you were you on this trajectory where you knew that you were going to end up being a high draft pick or was there a lot of work and a lot of jumping in order to go forth overall
well it uh i was drafted peterborough draft me in the second round uh the team i played um
the junior b team that i was drafted from was the seneca nats and actually gretzky played there
i think the year before uh so we had a team loaded with a lot of young guys we had
we had a ton of guys that were drafted in the Ontario league we didn't do very well in the
league because we're playing teams like St. Mike who had you know had guys that were 20 and 21 you
know we're like 16 17 so you know we didn't go very far but we it was definitely a big talent
pool so I got picked in the second round um I didn't assume anything going to Peterborough um
you know whether I you know I just I tried you know tried to be as best prepared I was try to picked in the second round. I didn't assume anything going to Peterborough.
You know, whether I, you know, I just, I tried, you know, tried to be as best prepared. I was trying to have the best camp I had,
tried to make, you know, I wanted to obviously make the team.
I didn't take anything for granted and it started.
So I ended up making the team and the year started,
we would dress five defensemen and what Greener was doing, doing was a guy by the name of John Bucher.
Him and me were like platooning.
So we were getting out.
I don't know how it worked out.
We got out every fourth shift or whatever the game.
So as the season got along, I started playing more and more
and started getting a regular spot in the lineup.
And it was just a progression.
And then all of a sudden sudden after my first year,
I wasn't eligible for the draft, but I, at that time, you know,
I was, I was well aware that, Hey, you know, going into the next year,
I got a good shot of getting picked high.
So that's kind of the moment where I realized that I was going to,
I had a shot at the national hockey league, but I, just a story. I, I,
my second year in peer with my draft year i i um i did i did
good in school until the second half of my uh i was great at that time they had 13 grades in
ontario so i'm in grade 13 i'm doing great first half of the year then all of a sudden i'm seeing
this the scouting list come out and i'm ranked here i'm ranked there i'm going man i don't need
school i'm not going to school anymore so i just basically i just you know
fluffed through and i was able to get all my credits except one my physics credit i didn't
hand in any assignments but the guy was a the teacher was a big peterboe pete's fan so he says
hey you pass this come you pass the exam and i'll give you your credit and that would give me my
that would give me my grade 13 my my high school high school. So, Oh, that is awesome.
I know I can, I can do this exam. I got no problems. So anyways,
when's the exam. So it gives me the date and it's the exact same date as the
NHL draft.
Screw that. I'm going to the draft.
I'm still that one credit short my physics credit so you know I
still haven't gone back maybe maybe one day I'll go and write that exam but I said hell to that
I'm going to the National Hockey League so off to Montreal I just got one quick one on Peterborough
when you got there did you did you know going in what that rink was like and for people who don't
know how do you describe that ice surface well it Well, it's got the deepest corners in hockey.
I mean, it's  I don't know.
It's like maybe a one-foot radius in the corner.
That's it.
It's the strangest corners in the world.
And it's funny.
And I really  you got used to it.
I mean, it's just amazing how the  like you had to be careful
shooting the puck around the boards because you could easily, you know,
hit the sideboard because it doesn't round that much and the
puck come right out so it was a home ice event without a doubt took a little while
to get used to it and I loved it and on the opposite side when I got to Toronto at Maple
Leaf Gardens Maple Leaf Gardens had it's I swear the board started rounding behind the net and
would round up to the hash mark
the corner wasn't there there was no corners in that rink there was just no room back there to
operate and I hated it I just hated that uh because you just forward to just be all over
you there's no there's no room back there so but now Paul you're spot on it was that that uh it's
known for those corners and also I don't know the uh also the stage at the one end.
They didn't have seats at one end.
They just had the stage.
But, yeah, the old Memorial Center, boy.
I mean, obviously a lot of history in that building.
And you never spent any time in the American Hockey League.
And I don't know what the rules were back in the day in terms of, you know,
not being able to play in the AHL and having to go back to junior
and stay in the NHL.
But when you got to that first camp for the LA Kings,
any expectations going in, could you tell right away?
I think I can make this team. How did that whole camp transpire into you,
you know, making the team so young?
Well, I, I, um, I felt good because, uh, the King said to me, um,
cause junior camp start before they said, yeah, you can go to junior camp,
but we don't want you playing in any preseason games for the Peets.
So that kind of told me right there that, you know,
it was a case of I was going to have to play myself off the team.
You know, it wasn't going to be a case of where I had to make the team.
You know, if I suck, then I was going to be gone, obviously.
But I knew it gave me a bit of a confidence going in.
And we  so with camp, obviously, but I knew I gave me a bit of a confidence going in. And we so we can't.
I guess the story we go to go to.
It's in Victoria, British Columbia.
That's where the Kings started their camp.
They would be there for four or five days.
And we play to play the Canucks on the island, Victoria on the island.
And the Canucks would be there and we would play.
And so I get in.
I don't think George McGire is a name from the
past he's you know george is known in the 70s he'd trade he would trade the first round pick
to the canadians for you know for some guy that's you know in his 20th year that's pretty well done
you know he was just he wasn't the strongest of general managers but i'll never forget i get to
victoria you know i'm nervous i i they they have a suite I have to go up to and it's like 10 o'clock at night.
I think by the time I get there and like four camps. So I go up there.
Well, George McGuire and all his cronies, they're all plastered.
They must've been sitting there drinking all day. They can hardly stand up.
So I walk in the room and it's like, Hey,
how you doing, buddy?
Welcome, welcome to the Kings.
Like, oh, what the hell?
What the hell am I getting myself into?
But I mean, that was just the night before camp.
They were obviously blowing off a little steam.
But that kind of set me back a bit.
Like, hey, I don't know what I'm going to find out here in Victoria.
I want to ask you about playing in Southern Cal.
At the time, the Kings weren't so good.
Was there an adjustment to going from playing in Canada
where it's so rabid and the fans are crazy
to going where basically the Kings were still
really not much on the radar?
Yeah, well, I mean, they had a good team.
I mean, my first year, we actually,
I think we were like fourth overall in the league.
We ended up losing to the Rangers in the first round.
It was a five-game series then,
but they had the triple crown line.
They went beyond, they had Taylor, they had, they had Simmer.
It was as in terms of popularity, there was,
there was a hardcore fan base.
Most probably transplants from the East or from New York.
And I'd say the team averaged maybe 13,000 a game, 14,000.
When the Rangers came to town, it'd be a sellout.
If the Toronto came to town, it'd be a sellout.
But 13,000, 14,000.
Of course, in terms of media, I mean, in L.A. Times,
the Kings were page seven.
I mean, there was just no coverage.
They did have a TV package for the game, so you could see it in L.A.
But I went to that team. I'd never  in Toronto, they didn't have a TV package for the game. So you could see it in LA, but I went to that team. I'd never, you know, I Toronto, we didn't,
you know, they didn't have the centralized package like they did now.
I never, you'd see the leaps one time a year when they came to play,
play Toronto. So I remember, I remember going to,
after getting picked by LA, I'm looking at the roster, trying to, you know,
memorize guys and what they look like, you know? So I would know, I mean,
I knew all the big guys, like, as I said,
the triple crown line was there and Jerry Korab was there and Dave Lewis was
there and there's Gary Unger was there. I mean, there was a,
there was a number of big guys that I knew, but for the most part,
I wasn't really over familiar with it. So it was, it was,
it was a shock that drive from the airport.
So we finally get to LA after Victoria.
The drive to the airport.
We're driving through Englewood.
And I'd never seen anything like it.
And I obviously love the sheltered life.
We're going down Englewood, which is not the most prosperous area by any means.
And I'm going, oh, my gosh.
What am I getting into?
But, hey, it's all the same.
I just started playing games in the National Hockey League. and the la forum was a great building it was it was exciting but yeah
i mean i i could i you know like not like today's day and age where everybody has a phone i could
have done anything i wanted in that city it would never come back to bite me were you were you
mucking it up at the clubs or with any celebrities or are you more of a bar guy well you know the
problem was i was 19 you know
i i i was i was drafted i went to la i was drafted as a 19 year old went to la as a 19 year old well
drinking age in california was was 21 so i there was i could get there was i was living in manhattan
beach so i was able to there's there's uh brennan's there's ponchos and there's o and w's
there's the devil's triangle they called it, in Manhattan Beach.
I could get in there because I knew the owners and they let me.
I couldn't get anywhere.
And the Forum Club, which is probably the greatest bar, you know,
of the century.
That's where I used to hang out.
I used to go to those places.
I'd go to the Forum Club.
I'd go to a lot of Laker games.
And especially the Lakers, you'd see, you know, that's when, you know,
Magic and Kareem. Oh, wow. You know know that was the heyday you know playing against bird larry
bird so yeah i used to hang out in the forum club it was yeah it was it was quite the uh
quite the sight to say were you still cruising around in your mustang or did you get rid of that
mustang was gone it actually rusted out all the were gone. It was a gift to my brother. I think he tried, he trashed it. So I didn't,
I actually, we, for some reason they were sponsored by Toyota and we got,
I got a, I didn't have to buy a car my first year.
I got a Toyota Corolla to race around in. So yeah, the Mustang was gone.
The rims were gone. I was, you know, I was just driving the old Corolla.
So, but Hey, it kept you out of trouble. Right.
Well, Hey, so, so RA has been raving about this new series, about the Lakers and Magic.
Watching him play live, was it one of the greatest things you've ever watched
as far as sports are concerned?
Oh, yeah, Showtime.
I mean, the Lakers, that was  they were the rivalry against the Celtics.
I mean, it was Magic and Bird.
I mean, that was  it was  and bird. I mean, that was, it was, it was fun. I mean, I, yeah,
I guess I'm aging myself or I sound like an old guy, but I mean, I love the,
I love the way the game was played back then. It's a much different game.
Now everybody stands out and throws three. So, uh, I mean, I just love it.
It was a lot of banging and Kirk Rambis. I mean, that guy stuck with me,
wore those, uh, Clark Kent glasses. And, you know, I don't know if he ever scored a point, but he'd be, you know, Kirk Rambis. I mean, that guy stuck with me, wore those Clark Kent glasses. And, you know,
I don't know if he ever scored a point, but, you know,
he'd be in there underneath the basket, you know,
just swinging away for rebounds. So it was just, it was an exciting time.
Irving was playing, you know, the Dr. J was playing. I loved it. I, you know,
I'm not much of a basketball guy now. It's, it's, it's much different now,
but I, I just, I got caught up in the excitement at that
time yeah looking back at your your rookie year i mean i think still hold the record for most points
by a defense but 76 points as a as a 19 year old defenseman is such a wild stat i guess uh
the only thing that could have stopped you from winning the calder trophy is peter stastny coming
over at 26 right and getting over 100 points but what a season it was for you as well.
Yeah.
Kind of like a bunting situation.
Yes.
He's bunting.
He's happy.
When he goes back to school, Billy Madison.
You want to voice your displeasure again about it, Whit?
No, I'm not going to say anything.
I've tried.
He lost first round.
I got nothing left to say.
Cider's my rookie of the year winner.
It's basically Cider's Larry Murphy and Bunting's Peter Stastny.
There you go.
Yeah, exactly.
You know, I remember I was talking to Brendan Shanahan when we're working the game against the Leafs right near the end of the year.
And he was talking about that.
You know, hey, listen, you know, that's the rules are the rules.
He said, hey, for the media. Hey, if a guy qualifies, you know,
you've got to vote for him.
You can't say, hey, you shouldn't be there.
Because I mean, for like punting, he's played games in two previous seasons.
He's still eligible for the call there.
But, yeah, Sider's the truth, you know, obviously the best.
I think hands down, no matter what, he was the best rookie of the year.
For me, I mean, yeah, Stassi comes, plays for the Nordiques,
was with the Czech national team, played in the Czech league.
I mean, he definitely, of all rookies, he had the best season by far.
I mean, the guy was outstanding.
What a career he ended up having.
But, yeah, I mean, I was thinking, man, the guy's like 26 or 27.
What the hell is he being eligible for? I was that close. I mean, that's how I look at it. But, hey, the guy's like 26 or 27. You know, what the hell is he being eligible for?
It kind of, you know, it was that close.
I mean, that's how I look at it.
But, hey, the rules are rules.
Did you miss out on a bonus because of it?
Did you have a bonus in your contract?
Yeah, I think it was like 500 bucks or something.
I don't know.
I don't know what it was.
That was
You're going to fix the transmission on that Mustang.
It was probably, yeah.
I could have gotten you new fenders for or something yeah
i would have gladly had the money i mean obviously you know obviously you know inflation was uh
is a big part of it now but that's why i talk about like la i remember at that time you had
to go they gave you your check and you had to go to the bank and um my first paycheck i got from la
i think it was like it was like uh i think it was 5,000. And that's the first time I,
cause I never saw like that was my first paycheck.
I did get a signing bonus, but this,
this was the first time I had to take it to a bank.
And I remember lining up at the bank with this check. And, and I, I mean,
I'm shaking so much. I can't, you know, can't believe this.
And then I'm kind of worried. I can't believe this.
Then I'm kind of worried, well, can somebody steal my check?
It was a surreal moment.
I mean, at that point, I thought, you know, hey, I've got the world by the tail.
I got this 5,000 check, man.
I'm going to live large for the rest of my life.
So, yeah, now you look at the numbers and it's like, I mean, it's a lot different now.
That's for sure. Oh, yeah, now you look at the numbers and it's like, I mean, it's a lot different now. That's for sure.
Oh, yeah.
And looking at the numbers, like I brought up the rookie year, but you got 204 points through three years in the NHL. It's just so crazy to think as a defenseman and six games into that fourth season, you get traded.
Like, I mean, I was shocked when I got traded, let alone what you'd already done and proven yourself to be.
And you get this phone call,
like take me through the story of how that all went down.
And it turns out it was just the first of,
of kind of what would be many trades for you.
Well, it was, I wasn't by any surprise.
I've got to tell you the story.
I played three years.
I was going to have an option here at that time for your contract.
So I filed for salary arbitration at that time.
These, the arbitrators
were league appointed so um we go we go uh i go to arbitration and uh the kings are at arbitration
we you know there was a discussion whatever they said i should be making this and i said hey i
should be making that you obviously try to make your case so So I find out, you know, 40 hours later, I get the result.
The arbitrator ruled for my salary to be less than what George Maguire
was willing to offer me.
Like he had freedom to whatever he wanted.
So Maguire offers me this.
I wanted that.
I get offered lower.
So I'm going, so I'm pissed. So I go to George and I say, hey so I'm going I'm so I'm pissed so I go I go to George and I say hey
I'm not playing for this this is this is a scam I mean what's going on you know trade me so yeah
he traded me all right it's like three days later that's when I when I uh when I found out I got
traded to Washington and uh the story being I was uh I was at an ACDC concert at the LA Forum the night I got traded.
Somehow, somebody got a hold of, you know, there's no cell phone.
Somebody got a hold of Nasher.
And Nasher comes down and says to me, hey, you got traded.
I just found out you got traded to Washington.
The guy told me, told me who called him.
So, you know, I believe them.
I had, you know, so I'm figuring, well, I'm halfway through this concert.
Well, I'm not going home.
Am I supposed to sit here and watch the concert?
So I watched the, the rest of the ACDC concert.
And then, well, I'll worry about,
I'll worry about Washington tomorrow.
So that's, yeah, that's, that's where I was.
That was the first time I got traded.
You and Kurt Rambis were doing some head banging.
Yeah, you know what?
We were kings there.
Rambis was probably, I was like row 20.
I bet Rambis was like row two or row one.
That was the way the pecking order worked there.
That's for sure.
It was all about the Lakers.
Jerry Bustle on both teams.
But he was definitely a basketball guy.
He treated us great, don't get me wrong.
He came to the games
and he
put four seats in between the benches.
Bustle.
And Jerry Bustle was a guy
that liked to hang out with
I guess Playboy Bunnies. So it was always every game it was like, I wonder who's liked to hang out with, I guess, Playboy Bunnies, whatever.
So it was always every game it was like,
I wonder who's going to be sitting with Buss in those seats.
You come out and you're always going to take a look over there
to see who Buss is.
So basically every game was like behind the Dallas Stars bench
in game three of the playoffs.
It's out for the boys.
They're trying to get your testosterone going
so you guys can play a little harder.
Yeah, I saw  that was  oh, my gosh.
That was incredible.
Unfortunately for us, I mean, the way the form was,
we didn't have to worry about that.
The seats weren't that close.
But I go, oh, my gosh.
I can only imagine what was said.
You alluded to the 5,000 check and how excited you were.
And then after doing what you did for the first three seasons,
now is it rude to ask how much you guys were getting screwed back then
based on how you would perform and how you would be compensated?
What kind of numbers are we talking here?
And what did you feel that you were entitled to at that time?
Well, I was fourth overall.
So I signed a
four-year deal i got uh 90 000 to sign and then i was getting uh i got 80 85 90 95 and i and i and
that was that was probably uh that was right in there what guys you know first round picks were
getting at the time i mean that's i mean at that mean, at that time, I mean, that was, you know, Alan Eagleson was running the players association and we even finally found
out what was going on there. So, I mean, at the time, you know,
I was making, you know, I was, I was cleaning golf clubs. I mean, I,
you know, before I, the previous check I got in junior,
you got a 19 a week check. So, I mean, I, I, I was,
I felt really good about it. mean i was i was excited of course
you you know looking at the situation now of course it doesn't seem so much but at the time
i felt really good so when i got to washington so i i think that the arbitrator like awarded me like
um 110 120 and mcguire was willing to go like, like one 40, I wanted like one 80.
So I got, when I got to Washington, I got, I can't remember what,
I got somewhere in between what, what, you know,
LA had offered me and what I was getting. So, but you know, it was still,
you know, the numbers are much smaller, but still, Hey, that,
it was life-changing without a doubt for me. You know, it's I, I, I wasn't. At that time, I wasn't thinking by any means I deserved more.
I was so grateful for what I got.
Larry, there's so much to cover in your career.
I think we'd be remiss if we didn't mention the miracle in Manchester
just to stick with L.A. for a little more.
Back April of 82, you guys are down 5-0 to the Edmonton Oilers
going into the third period, game three of a best-of-five.
I think the series is tied 1-1.
You guys score five in the third to tie it, win it in OT, and you had a pretty prominent role in a couple of those going into the third period, game three of a best of five. I think the series is tied 1-1. You guys score five in the third to tie it, win it in OT.
And you had a pretty prominent role in a couple of those goals in the third period.
Was that the wildest comeback you were ever a part of at any level?
Oh, yeah, without a doubt.
I mean, it's going to the third, 5-0.
I mean, it's just incredible.
It's over.
Yeah, well, Jerry Bust thought it was over.
He was gone.
He wasn't even there for the third game.
He was in the back room bending somebody over.
Him and MJ were just hyper.
He was on his way to Palm Springs.
That's what I was told.
So he was in his limo on the way to Palm Springs.
But, yeah, I mean, everybody  I'm sure people left in the building.
You know, I can't really remember what happened there.
But, I mean, you know, you guys have been in what happened there, but I mean, we, you know, you did, I mean,
you guys have been in the dressing room, you know, you're down like that.
You know, I don't think anybody, you know,
no one's going to stand up and say, Hey, we can win this game, but you know,
it's kind of like, Hey, you know, we got to, we got to, you know,
set and establish something for the next game. You know, let's not, you know,
let's not you know, totally collapse. Let's do something here. I mean, that was the attitude going out in the third, but then of course, all of a sudden you score, you know, let's not, you know, totally collapse. Let's do something here.
I mean, that was the attitude going out in the third.
But then, of course, all of a sudden, you score, you score, you score.
And then with each goal, all of a sudden, you're kind of realizing, hey, it's a reality.
So, yeah, it was obviously the most exciting finish, the third period of overtime in the playoffs.
My career was that series, without a doubt.
So then you're in Washingtonhington we mentioned the trade scott stevens he's a guy you played on the team with a lot were
you paired with him much when you were on the couch with uh i played with langway rod langley
was the guy i played with basically the whole time i was there talk about underrated huh what a great
i i you know i say um rod well, Rod Lang won the Norris twice.
And I would say Rod Lang was the greatest defensive defenseman.
You could say ever play the game. I mean, he,
he was incredible in his own zone. Now, you know, if he, you know,
if he chew up the puck, if he had to handle it, you know,
more than 10 feet, it was, it was, that wasn't his strength by any means. I mean, he could make the first pass. Don't get me wrong, but you know, if he chewed up the puck, if he had to handle it, you know, more than 10 feet, it wasn't his strength by any means.
I mean, he could make the first pass.
Don't get me wrong.
But, you know, he never got anywhere near the power play in his career.
But defensively, and he deserved it.
He was just such a force out there.
He could just shut guys down, no matter who it was in the league.
He'd just crush them.
So I played with rod
in those uh you know the years i was there scotty would play uh we had kevin hatcher was there for a
few years i know scotty played with him for a while and uh yeah scotty was quite the uh quite
the terror to say the least i mean i never seen a guy uh just so heated and so such a strong guy
and and played with so much passion and boy, he could hit. So it was,
we had a good, real strong defense in Washington.
We just couldn't score goals. I mean, that was our,
that was our big problem there.
It's kind of crazy looking back to that, you know,
you and Paul coffee grew up together. You go in the hall of fame together,
you and Scott Stevens play together.
He ends up breaking your record years down the line for most games played by
defensemen. So everything kind of comes full circle a little bit, I guess up breaking your record years down the line for most games played by defensemen.
So everything kind of comes full circle a little bit, I guess, in your career.
Yeah.
I mean, in fact, you know, I look at, I play with some great defensemen.
I put Rod in that and obviously Scotty.
I mean, I had the play, I played with Koff in Pittsburgh, Lidstrom and Detroit. And I've, I've been, been very fortunate to play with, with some great, great defensemen. And,
uh, um, it's, you know, it's, uh, I've always, in terms of defensemen,
I've always, I, I've been fortunate to be paired with, with great guys.
I got to Detroit and I wasn't, I started off.
I actually played with Sergei Fedorov on defense before I played with Lidstrom.
So, but for the most part, I always had, I always came up with the right partner, you on the fence before I played with Lidstrom so but the most part I
always had I always came up with the right partner you know whatever team I went to
little fun fact though uh seven times you finished in the top 10 for Norris voting
what what do you think was the closest year you ever came to actually winning it
I think the closest year I came was uh I think, one year in Washington where I led the team in scoring.
That was probably the closest I came to winning.
I never really  I was never a favorite in any year I ever played,
which, I mean, it was fine with me.
I just  I mean, of course, you'd love to win trophies, don't get me wrong,
but I always thought I just tried to you know just
try to be as consistent play as well as i can play as long as i can was always my my attitude
you know coming in and yeah you know i got a finalist a couple of times but um yeah i don't
feel like i missed out on anything you know not not winning the trophy norstrophic by any means uh
um the stanley cup i think i would have missed it a lot more if I didn't get an
opportunity to carry it around the ice.
A guy I got to ask you about
and someone I'd love to interview someday
is Mike Gartner. He was the fourth
overall pick the year before you.
You saw him in the OHA and you saw
the development and playing against him when he was
young, but kind of describe to the listeners
and myself, besides the speed being the number one thing, just,
just a game breaker overall, like goal scoring. He had every,
every ability, right?
Yeah. Mike was, I think Mike strength was a speed,
a great skater and he had a great shot.
He had the ability to put himself in this,
he put himself in the scoring positions a lot just through,
just through his skating.
He could beat guys wide constantly, and he wasn't shy about cutting towards the net.
He wasn't a guy  he wore shoulder caps.
He wasn't a guy that threw his weight around, but he would never be discouraged.
And then one thing about guards, I've never seen a guy lose his mind
if somebody grabbed his stick.
I mean, I've seen  you know, you see it all the time, guys grab a stick.
Not as much now as it was a bigger part of the game, but guards would lose it.
If a guy would grab his stick, he would try to break a stick over the guy's head.
It was just like something in his head would snap.
He just drove him nuts when guys would grab his stick.
But I played with guards.
I got traded with guards to Minnesota.
So we went on and played with Minnesota.
And then I played with them a bit in Toronto.
So I had three stops with guards.
I mean, just a great goal scorer, a great man.
I mean, just a real heads-up guy, well-spoken.
I think he's the commissioner of the Hall of Fame
committee now. I think he leads that.
I mean, he's just a quality guy.
And Ryan, as you say,
just a great player, too. Would you guys
fuck with him because you knew he hated it?
Yeah, well,
the one thing with
Gartz, I talk about
guys messing with him. We were in Quebec City playing, and Gartz, you know, the one thing with Gartz, I talk about guys messing with him.
We were in Quebec City playing, and Gartz was like with his sticks.
I mean, it was, you know, he taped them up, and he would set them here,
you know, in a certain part of the room, and they'd be like three inches apart.
And, I mean, you know, he probably slept with his sticks.
I mean, he just loved them. But I'll never forget in Quebec City, somebody got ahold,
grabbed ahold of his stick, and no one really knew what was going on.
They put it on the table in the middle of the room.
It had a sharpie.
They said, hey, guys, this is Garz's game stick.
He already had it ready to go.
Hey, guys, can you get this stick signed for me?
I got somebody here.
So, of course, the guy signed it.
No one really knows what's going on.
And then I can't remember who it was.
He just put the stick back where it was,
and I thought Garz was going to lose it.
He grabbed the stick, you know, so he's ready to go out.
He doesn't notice right away.
But then he, you know, he's just getting ready to go on this.
And then he takes a better look at it
and he sees all these signatures on it.
And I don't know, he didn't use that stick.
I mean, I wish I could remember how well he played that game,
but boy, he didn't talk to anybody for a week,
I think, after that one. boy, he took it hard.
Did you ever bring up to him or discuss
kind of the reason behind him getting traded?
You know, the year the Rangers won the cup,
he got dealt before the deadline to Toronto.
Did you ever discuss his buddies?
Like, you know, maybe him and Keenan didn't see eye to eye.
That's tough, you know, to have that Hall of Fame career
and never get the cup and be so close that season.
I didn't know how it went down.
Yeah, just bad timing, of course.
Yeah, it's got to, it's got to obviously sting.
I mean, he's, you know, he's with the rain.
I know that.
He's got to sniff.
And yeah, but he, you know, unfortunately, he's not, he's not there for, for that cup.
And yeah, I know, I'm sure, you know, it's, as a player, especially a guy who's played that long,
I'm sure he
just wishes he had his chance.
A lot of it's timing.
I never really had much of a sniff
until I got to Pittsburgh.
Then all of a sudden
I get two cups and then I'm in Toronto.
The
deadline comes. I have no idea that I'm getting traded to Detroit. I mean, I,
luckily I had my phone with me. It's like quarter to three. I get the call.
I wasn't, I talked to Cliff Fletcher before he said, now we're, you know,
we're not shopping yet. And we're, you know, we're not going to trade you.
And then he calls me up quarter three and says, Hey,
I can get you to Detroit if you want to go, you know? So, I mean,
I was lucky I had my phone you know so anyways but um i just
got to the right situation at the right time and and uh it's uh you know it's that's what has a lot
to do with it i mean for guards obviously you know getting traded at the wrong time kind of hurt his
chances it's hard because we like to talk about every stop when we get legends like you on i don't
really want to skip over minnesota. Do you have anything on Minnesota?
I just want to bring up, you, you play with Madonna was his rookie year.
Did you know he, I mean, he was obviously a phenom coming in.
Did you really think he was going to be hall of famer from the jump? Oh yeah. You knew, I mean, this guy, this guy was just a tremendous talent.
I mean, skate like the wind. And I think it might be Donna.
I think it was Jersey, you know,
just fluttering in the back as he's flying down the ice and that Madonna for you of course a highly skilled guy I mean just a tremendous career
great great I love the guy I mean he was came in as an 18 year old I mean everybody just I mean
just loved him right off the bat he just had that personality where I guess you say unassuming
he was just happy to be there and it was was Minnesota was it was a good time for me.
We had I was I was actually disappointed. I got I got traded.
I went from Minnesota to Pittsburgh. We end up actually playing the North Stars in the finals that year.
Talk about motivation. You get traded from a team.
I mean, the last thing you want to do is lose the Stanley Cup to the team you just got traded from.
So, you know, there was no shortage of motivation on my part but we had a good team we had Bob Ganey was the coach my
second year which is outstanding as it turned out I mean a great coach I'm a great player great coach
so I mean it was Minnesota was a great I love Minnesota it's cold cold cold as shit but it was
it was the sunshine every day you saw the sunshine.
I mean, people were great.
I loved playing there.
Pittsburgh has obviously worked out much better.
So I was fortunate there.
But, yeah, I was there for a year and a half.
I liked it.
Disappointed I got traded.
What do you think?
I mean, Minnesota has a good team.
You go on to the cup finals, but they deal you halfway through the season. So it's like,
did they not think that they could go on the run they did to end up getting
to the cop or, you know,
how does that all go about to trade a guy like you when they know they might
have a chance to go on a run?
Well, I, I don't know. It was Bobby Clark traded me. And, um,
so who knows? I, I, you know, I know, I know Ganey.
I talked to Ganey afterwards, um, years later, and he'd said that, uh, you
know, he, he was shocked, you know, that, uh, that the deal was made obviously, you
know, Clark felt that was important.
I mean, it turns out that, you know, it gets the team to the finals, but, um, it, yeah,
it was, uh, you know, I didn't see that one coming.
It was, that was a surprise.
Most of them, I did, uh, I didn't know that, you know, I didn't see that one coming. It was a, that was a surprise. Most of them I did. I didn't know that, you know, that was coming.
There was a chance that one caught me totally blindsided me that trade.
Dino Cicerelli, one of the best, like natural goal scorers,
great in the net front.
Jovo, Ed Jovanovski I play with said he room with one of his first years in
Florida. And he said he was a funny fucker, and they had room service come one time,
and he told Jovo to go get the door.
And when they brought the tray in, he had the covers over,
and he was pretending that he was banging a bra out of the bed
just to fuck with the room service guy.
Was he that type of personality where he was joking around most days?
Well, you know, I got traded. Dino and I were part of the same
trade so I got traded
for Dino but I know Dino well
like he's still
in Detroit and we've done
we did
these Vegas junket
things that he set up with
where we go out there him
me and Dino,
and bring our wives, girlfriends, and, you know, you meet with big gamblers.
They're all MGM properties, and we go to the Knights game.
But I tell you, it was never a dull moment with Dino, that's for sure.
So, I mean, you know, you're telling me that story, I'm not surprised
because I wouldn't put anything past him i mean he's he's if you know you want to make sure you're gonna have a lot of
laughs you know bullet dino that's what i've always said if you guys already mentioned that
you guys got traded for one another i guess i must have missed that sorry boys
that's what happens when the cte kicks in there, Larry. Not all of us could be offensive defenseman, buddy.
But hey, you end up going on to Pittsburgh and like you talk about playing with all these legends that you got to touch.
You get to play with Mario, man.
Like, come on, that's fucking nuts.
Yeah, it was great.
And of course, Bob Johnson was one of the greatest guys you ever meet.
Badger Bob.
He he I get there and Badger  he literally puts  like my dad,
he put his arm around me and said, you know, we're so happy to have you
and come in the office.
I want to talk to you.
So, you know, on the first day there, I said, okay, go into Badger's room.
And he's going through his drawers and he pulls out this sheet.
I don't know.
What is it?
How the power play works or team rules or whatever.
It turned out it was top 10 foods to eat.
He goes, he hands me this sheet.
He goes, hey, I want to make sure you check off some of these when you're, when you're eating,
it's important. So, I mean, that was my first,
my first experience in Pittsburgh is Badger giving me the top 10.
I remember bananas was number one on his list.
I don't know if bananas are good for you,
but we had lots of bananas in the room. That was, that was a constant,
but yeah, it was, I mean, Mario's there. I mean, Brian Trotche is there.
I mean, I played against him. I was in Washington, uh, uh,
those years and, and, uh, and I think LA too. Yeah.
I played against him when I was in LA too. I mean,
Trotz was just such a force out there. You know,
one of the all-time greats and, and he was such, I mean,
he played such a great role in Pittsburgh because, you know,
they turned out to get Ronnie Francis.
So they got Mario and they got Ronnie one, two trots is playing as the third
centerman, but trot you in trots was just there.
He just wanted to win.
I mean, I've never seen a guy.
He, he had no problem.
They, they, Fadger played him five minutes or 15 minutes.
You know, he gave every shift.
He gave it his best and what a, what a leader he was.
So he was impressive.
Of course, Yager was there. One of the, you know, turned out to be one of the greats. It was his first year. gift he gave it his best and what a what a leader he was so he was impressive of course
Yagra was there one of you know turned out to be one of the greats it was his first year
um you know Badger was the perfect coach for him because he was such a father figure and really
Yagra was a little overwhelmed at times emotionally I mean just moving to North
America and all and everything that they have to deal with in the National Hockey League and
Badger brought him along I mean mean, Koff was there.
So, I mean, we had Stevens.
We had Recchi.
I mean, Joey Mullen.
I mean, it was just  man, it was  we go out there.
It didn't matter if we gave up four goals in the first period
because we could get eight, seven in the third.
I mean, it was just  it was wild.
How fun was that?
I loved it.
Now, what about that first  the playoff run when you guys won it,
you had crazy numbers over a point per game.
Were you a part of that first power play?
What was that first PP?
I'm guessing obviously Mario and Yogg's.
And then were you up top or?
Yeah, me and Koff would play.
Like Koff was there my first year and then Koff got traded after that.
But it was like, it was, it was like Yager was even like,
he was playing mostly second unit.
But our second unit, I mean, like you put like say you had me coffee at Recce, Stevens and Lemieux out there.
But then he'd come with you at Mullen. You'd have Yager, you'd have Trotz, you'd have Francis.
I mean, it's just incredible the amount of amount of offense that that the team had.
So scoring goals was was never an issue it was um
but as it turned out in the playoffs uh defense you know was was big for us we had to play well
defensively things get a lot tighter as you all know on the playoff time and we're able to do that
well didn't cough get injured during that run and then the next year he was traded do you think that
like you stepping up in that playoff with him injured had a lot to do with the fact that they felt that they could get rid of him?
Well, you know, I don't know what Craig Patrick's
you know, that's a question for Craig, what his thinking was on that.
You know, I have no idea.
Yeah, Koff was hurt for a lot of that playoff run.
Came back, I think, in the final series.
He was able to come back.
Yeah, you know, I just that I don't
know what you know Craig felt that he needed something so I mean I guess that's why the deal
was made but I you know I just hey I just went there and played you know I you know I was
if like people ask me about the coaches you know what coaches do you like what coaches didn't you
like well the guy was playing me 22, 24 minutes a game.
I loved him.
If he was playing me 18 or 17, I hated him.
So, I mean, that's kind of how I'm sure it's the same for everybody
that plays the game.
I would have loved 18.
I don't care what the coach did.
If he was playing me, he was the greatest coach in the league.
You would have passed out with 18 minutes a game.
I would have had a jammer.
What the fuck are you laughing at, Larry?
The amount of Hall of Fame teammates you have is stunning.
I wonder if it's the most in the expansion era,
but I wanted to ask about the locker room hierarchy.
You know, you got a guy like Mario in there, super duper star.
Then you add a guy like Brian Trotty.
He's won four times.
He's a respected veteran.
How does that sort of work?
Is Mario still the chief of the locker room?
Yeah, Mario is always the chief,? Is Mario still the chief of the locker room? Yeah, Mario is always the chief.
And he's still the chief.
I mean, that's without a doubt.
I mean, he.
The alpha alpha.
Yeah, he didn't.
He didn't say a lot.
You know, he didn't try to.
He led by example for the most part.
And he was hurt quite a bit.
You know, he had a back issue.
I mean, that's, you know, he had cancer.
I mean, to this day, I believe that if Mario was healthy
throughout his career, he would have Gretzky numbers,
without a doubt.
You know, he started dealing with back issues
after his first year.
I mean, I played games against Mario where somebody
would tie his skates. I mean,
it just, it's just, you know, and you didn't know every time it came to the,
to the rink, you didn't know whether, you know,
Mario would be able to play or not when he played, of course, you know,
look out, but he was a guy. Yeah. He, he, he was,
he was the franchise without a doubt. And I mean, a great, you know, joy,
you know, he was a great guy to be around a lot of fun. He, you know,
he spoke for the, you know, the players with the coaching staff, you know,
he was, he was the go between and, and, and if something needed to be said,
he would say it, but he wasn't a guy.
He wasn't a raw, raw guy by any means. That's for sure.
So we got to go over Detroit, but in Toronto,
cause you end up going to Toronto. Like I know you mentioned already that, you know, you're the you're the stud and the team's struggling. You're going to catch
the abuse. But it's kind of legendary in terms of the player you are to catch that much, you know,
heat from a fan base. Like, is that something where even after two cups and all the games you'd
played, like you're going home after games and you're pretty miserable, like, you know, you're
almost wondering, what am I still doing playing here?
Like, was that a really tough thing,
even having the success you'd had prior?
Well, it was, I was disappointed in how we're,
the easiest solution for when things are, you know,
when the fans are disgruntled and, you know,
the media is going to town on the team. And I mean, the, the best,
the best way out of it is to win. I mean, winning solves,
winning solves all problems. And I, and I just thought we,
the team was in turmoil. Pat Burns was there when I first got there,
he ends up getting fired. They bring in, they bring in Nick Beverly.
He was a scout. They bring in his head coach.
It was a stopgag. The team
just really kind of lost
its way.
We had some big pieces. They were just
coming off years. It was a few
years earlier when they took the Kings.
It was the semifinals. They won the Game 7.
Gilmore was still there.
Sandin was there.
It's pot, we just really was disappointing
that we didn't do better than what we did.
That's kind of where I, you know, I didn't care about the, you know,
the heat that I would take.
You know, it was, I knew how well, I knew, I was at the point in my career
where I knew how well I was playing.
I knew if I was playing great, if I knew I needed to play better I mean that I just kept kept that focus uh for myself that's how I got through it
but I mean I grew up a Toronto Maple Leaf fan and and I wasn't looking to get out of there by any
means I always believed that around the corner you know things were going to get better we had
pieces there young guys coming in we had um and and we and you know when i got traded i i detroit was just too good of an
operator to pass to pass on i was willing to go back the next year and try it again but
you know a chance to win in the cup it's just too good to pass up so i said yeah i'll go and
i'm thankful for clint fletcher um you know for making that deal i mean they based i
they don't they basically, you know,
they didn't really, they didn't get anything for me, to be honest.
Future considerations, wasn't it?
Future, yeah, Freddie Charles.
And it was good for me.
I got to extend my contract a year because I got, you know,
the wings, I got there, they extended me another year.
So it turned out great.
And, of course, the team wins a couple of cups.
That has to be Scotty Bowman, right? Yeah. Right? another year so it turned out great and of course the team wins a couple of cups and um you that has
to be scotty bowman right though like right i i've seen this guy i've seen him play when the
games matter most like there there's no way without you being in pittsburgh with him that second cup
where that happens right oh yeah scotty for sure was a was a part of that jimmy devil honor was
still the general manager but yeah i know scotty know Scotty was in. He felt they needed another defenseman.
Develano made the deal.
Scotty was definitely a big influence on it.
Scotty's got a sense of humor.
I get there and he said to me,
in front of a bunch of guys,
he said, we needed a left shot defenseman.
We just gave up, you know.
And so we decided that we'd have to go for a right shot.
So he's like saying, you know, hey, thanks, Scotty.
Like, yeah, you really wanted me.
I knew he was joking around, but that was his take on things.
Well, I was going to tell Whit when i read a story that i think you
played a total of eight years with scotty and you had never had a non-hockey conversation those
eight years of being with him i i never i didn't have that many hockey conversations with him to
be honest you know he the sky is a guy like he would he'd call me into the office and uh
he would say uh uh hey uh murph what you know what do you what do you think
about uh this or that on the power play and you know and i would i'd get into the answer and i
i'd only be like maybe 10 words deep and then scotty would cut me off go you know what this
is what we need to do this is what we need to do so you know that was that was the conversations
with scotty it was it was really it was always one-sided when it came to hockey you get in there and you know they tell you what you want to tell you and uh
and that was it but i mean yeah i was fortunate sky's the greatest coach i ever played for never
a guy that was so well knew the opposition so well uh we did his home i mean that's all he did
was watch games he knew the players so well and he knew how to to get a team like for every playoff game you know
whether you're coming off a big win or a big loss where you get smoked or no matter what happened
he knew what he needed to do to get that team kind of mentally when that puck was dropped for the
next game where they needed to be to give themselves the best chance and I mean there's crazy stuff
with Scotty as we all know but boy in terms of knowing the league and knowing how to prepare a team,
he was second to none.
I remember talking to John LeClaire,
and he was saying, you know,
the Flyers or the Legion of Doom,
they ran through the Eastern Conference
and they get to play you guys in the finals.
And all of a sudden, they had all these physical defense
were trying to shut them down.
And they're going up against Lindstrom and Larry Murphy,
who aren't even that physically.
The one of them, they couldn't get the fucking puck back from them.
They said, we'd be in the corner trying to cycle.
All of a sudden, one of them would poke check
and be busting out the other way.
It was just amazing.
You two quickly kind of figured out each other's game so easily.
And both you guys were just so smart
that you didn't even really need to be that physical as players.
Well, that was the other sky's approach uh like we expected uh like it would have been uh vladimir konstantinov he'd been banging heads with lindstrom with um lindros
you know throughout the season and and just played against the legion of doom when they when the
wings did play them so that's that i mean That's what most people expected was going to happen.
Sky, his
approach was, well, if they don't have the puck, they're not going to
be able to score.
We played against them the whole
series and it was a case just trying to play
puck possession on them. These guys were huge.
John LeClair,
you weren't going to bowl him over.
This is a guy, great hands,
great size, just a four. You try to bang heads with him, you're going to bowl him over. I mean, this is a guy, you know, great hands, great size, just a four.
You try to bang heads with him, you're going to pay the price.
So, you know, Scottie thought, well, it was a lot.
If LeClaire doesn't have the puck and Lindros doesn't have the puck,
they're not going to score.
So that was definitely the approach that Scottie would take.
I mean, and that's, you know, talk about being it's all part of you know having the team
best prepared as possible larry you go to detroit at the deadline and a week later the brawl happens
you know march 26th uh first off where was your seat for that and second what's it like being
insert inserted into a pre-existing rivalry like that well they um i talked you know i talked you
brought up that miracle on manchester i'd say that was the most amazing, you know,
third period of playoff hockey I was ever involved with this in terms of
regular season hockey, there was no game,
came close to the intensity and importance of that game. And yeah,
I was only a couple of games in with, with the wings at the time. And I,
I was, I was aware, I knew that Lemieux,
Claude Lemieux had hit Draper the year before and broke his jaw on the boards.
And there was a lot of the rivalry was just totally based on hate.
I mean, that's something you don't see in the National Hockey League anymore is just how much these two teams,
how much the fan base just hated each other.
So it was quite a build up.
And I was aware of it.
I got to Detroit.
I quickly knew, you know, that this, you know, this was,
this Haker was there.
I knew it was a big game because wings felt that Colorado was a team.
They needed to get by.
They played them three games previous to that,
lost all three to Colorado.
So this game was huge. And in terms of importance now,
in terms of McCarty grabbing a hold of Lemieux,
I had no idea that was going to happen.
I wasn't part of that discussion. I don't know
if anybody was, but it sure seemed like
it when it happened because
all of a sudden,
McCarty drops the gloves against Lemieux
and the gloves are all flying and the goalies
are coming at each other.
I couldn't believe it.
I knew that this
was a heated rivalry, but nothing like that. Just that game believe it. I, you know, I knew that this, you know, this was a heated rivalry,
but nothing like that.
And it just, just that game too.
I think there was like five or six other major penalties in that game.
It was, it was 60 minutes.
It wasn't only that, you know, that 15, 20 minute medley,
melee that happened where they're all fighting on the ice.
It was, it was a game where we were down,
I think we're down by two or three goals.
We ended up beating them in overtime.
And from that point on, the team just took off.
I mean, all of a sudden, that next gear was there that the players
were grabbed a hold of.
So it was such an exciting game.
I was on the bench.
My jaw hit the ground when I saw what was transpiring.
And before or afterwards, I've never seen anything like it. That's what I was going to ask. I mean, you had, saw what was, was transpiring. And there was, I've never before or afterwards, never seen anything like it.
That's what I was going to ask. I mean,
you had been around for quite a while during the eighties,
a pretty violent time where you taking it back a little bit,
even by what you saw, even after almost 20 years in the league at that point.
Yeah, it was, it was a bench just didn't clear. I mean, you know,
early on the eighties, you know,
there was a couple of bench clearing brawls that shocked me.
And then the problem, but just to sidetrack, I'll never forget, um, in the 80s you know there was a couple bench clearing brawls that that shocked me and then
the problem but just to sidetrack i'll never forget um the guy to coach by the name of don
perry in la it was my i don't know my second or third year we're in vancouver and paul malvey was
on our team and he wanted paul mal malvey to jump over the boards for uh he's trying to push him out
to start a bench clearing brawl against the
Canucks and Malvi hadn't played. He was pissed. He's going, you know,
forget that I'm not going over the boards. So afterwards, so the game,
Perry says to Malvi, he says, Hey, you, you are done.
You're never going to play another game in this league again. And,
and, and after the Malvi was just happened to be taking his skates off.
He took his skate off and he threw it right at the pair he had to duck,
threw his skate right at his head from the other side of the bench.
Well, or if the other side of the dresser,
that's something I've never seen before.
Of course, Malby never played again for the Kings,
but I think it ended up in litigation.
I don't know whatever happened to it,
but that was the craziest thing I've ever seen. But in terms of intensity,
there was no back to the game against the avalanche.
The intensity in that building and throughout that game was so sky high.
And then of course it just exploded when McCarty grabbed the hold of cloud
mute.
We have to hear about a new venture for yourself and a new thing in the
hockey world that I think people are excited about.
And that's three ice.
And can you kind of explain, I think it's going to be able to be on TV.
Can you explain to everyone listening what it is, how you got involved?
I know our good friend, Ryan Malone's training.
He's on one of the teams.
So how's it work?
Well, it's, it's obviously a new, this is a new game, so to speak, a new league.
And it's during the summer.
It won't compete against the National Hockey League.
It's three ice, and that explains it.
It's three-on-three hockey.
They've taken the NHL overtime, regular season overtime,
and the wide open hockey, and they've just implemented now this
into a league now.
There's six teams.
There's six skaters, one goalie on each team.
And we'll play a tournament in a city for, I believe,
eight weeks in a row.
And we're going to start in Vegas.
We're going to be in Nashville or Pittsburgh.
You can get the schedule on 3ice.com and everything,
obviously, about ticket sales. But, yeah, CBS Sports Network, can get the schedule on three ice.com and everything, obviously about ticket sales, but yeah, CBS sports network,
we're going to carry the game. So for me, it's my first,
first time I've ever coached. We had,
we had a training camp in Las Vegas and draft selection. So I actually I'm coach slash slash general manager. So I had to,
I had to pick these guys, you know, that watch them. And then of course you have,
you know, you get what you can on online and put it together. So I had to pick these guys, you know, watch them. And then, of course, you have, you know, you get what you can online and put it together.
So I'm excited.
I can't wait.
It's going to be a tremendous product.
These guys, we did a dry run during the camp of the tournament.
And the pace, you know, after I drafted these guys, I contacted them all and said, you better be in shape.
Because you're going to, even though the games are two, eight minutes, half, you're on the ice.
Every other shift, your tongue's going to be wagging. If you're not,
you're going to look really foolish. So conditioning is going to be critical.
So yeah, I'm excited. We'll see. We'll see how it goes.
What's your team name?
Actually right now it's team it's team Murphy. So how's that green,
green color. So, but I mean, right.
I hope Trotz is that ryan trotty john
leclerc you mentioned he's coaching there grant fuhrer uh joey mullen v carbineau i mean it's
it's it was a great experience getting together with all these guys and and especially the draft
table it was that was i've never been involved in a draft and i tell you it was what a great
experience that was when when you're getting ready to pick and the guy that you that you want
so desperately you know you're thinking oh just don't when you're getting ready to pick and the guy that you, that you want so desperately, you know, you're thinking, Oh,
just don't pick and please don't pick it. And then the guy gets picked.
I mean, you just go, Oh man, you just like, it's just such a,
a up and down frustrating experience.
And when you get the guy that you want that round, you're going, Hey,
this is fantastic. So yeah, it's, it's going to be exciting. It's going to,
it's a first year coming up. So, hey, we'll see if I can coach.
Hopefully keep my head on straight and not lose it.
We'll find out, though.
Did you draft set the tone Malone,
or were you a little concerned about maybe the amount of boozing
that would be going on after the game?
Yeah.
Yeah, you know, we'll see, though.
You know, that's  you can't unveil your team
Friday night they're going to be in
you know curfew maybe
I don't know
I haven't thought that through
says the guy who was out past curfew
buzzing around town in his fucking Mustang
that's the only time it happened
going back to the car
thing and i congratulations on
this uh new venture that you guys are off to i'm not sure whether or not you can like say the guys
that are on your team so i don't want to keep digging for that but i i also read that you're
really interested in cars and race cars yeah we uh we've raced uh there's a series i mean i enjoy
racing i mean i'm actually i'm leaving tomorrow tomorrow to go to Indianapolis for the 500 qualifying and I'll,
I'll go back for the Indy 500, but myself, I, I,
I love open rail racing as a spectator, but I will also,
my friends and I race it's a series called 24 hours of lemons where
the whole thing's set up.
You're only supposed to spend 500 on your car and then, and you, and then you have to put in a cage and racing seat and that.
It turns out to be a hell of a lot more than 500,
but it's the most exciting thing, racing.
Just the adrenaline, such an adrenaline rush.
Yeah, we've done it now for 12 years now.
I've got four of my friends.
It's a 24- 24 hour event so you switch
drivers you do like three hour stints and then you come in you switch anyway so yeah that's uh
that's my passion right now so yeah sorry i'm sorry for dragging on about that but i go no no
no i love it when you're done playing you need an adrenaline fix and it seems like you found it in
racing yeah it's yeah it's definitely uh it's uh definitely  you've got to be careful you don't squeeze the sap
out of the steering wheel.
It's just  it's intense.
And, you know, it's not  we're not racing at any tremendous amount of speed,
but it's still  the excitement, it's still the same rush for us amateurs.
Yeah, we're getting ready.
We're getting ready we're getting racing in
chicago in august so we've just had we just had a zoom call actually talking about you know what
we're going to do to the car to make it faster it never works though um i was just going to end with
this last one you're doing uh some broadcasting for bally sports with the red wings i'm sure
you're really excited with where this team's going you got eiserman in the driver's seat
what should these fans in detroit expect what's going. You got Iserman in the driver's seat.
What should these fans in Detroit expect what's going to happen here in the future?
And have you enjoyed the broadcasting side of things?
Yeah, I've enjoyed it. I've done it for quite a while now.
It was real tough a couple of years ago when the wings hit rock bottom.
Iserman has come in and he's done a real good job i mean he's drafted well i mean
what you know got cider at six i mean this guy you know how great is he going to be and he's
going to be in the norse trophy conversation i'm sure as early as next season so that's how
how good it's been so the team is improving it's uh it's i guess it's this year four for eisman
if i'm not mistaken.
He's putting together.
They've got prospects that they're making a push for the team.
So, I mean, they've got a long way to come, that's for sure.
And they've come quite far already. So, TV-wise, it's always two years ago or three years ago,
all I talked about was what was going to happen next next year because
they just got beaten seven one so you know you can only you know how much can you beat them up
now i mean you every now they compete every game so much better much said whether i'm doing color
commentating or studio it's much more fun now and eisman's got a plan in place he's drafted well
he's got prospects i expect this team've got a new coach coming in.
We don't know who.
I expect his team to take the next step.
And I'll make the playoffs next year.
It'll be a bit of a stretch.
But they should compete right down to the last day, though.
You know what we call that in Arizona?
Polishing turds on the broadcast.
You can only polish turds so long, Larry.
And fortunate for you guys, you've got some nice guys in the pipeline you
guys are gonna have no time so good good uh good luck with that and congratulations on not having
to polish many more turds my friend oh man this has been awesome we really appreciate your time
and and best of luck on all your future ventures and uh hey you never know if maybe the broadcasting
career doesn't work out for me.
If you've got an extra spot on the roster,
I'll try to get back in shape.
I know you don't want wit.
This guy's got the worst ankles.
He's actually slower than you were on the blue line.
Yeah, but I can actually stick handles.
So, trust me, three on three, you'd rather me, Murph.
Yeah, I'll take a guy with
I've got to change the way I spelled my name there.
Holy crap.
What the hell happened there?
Thank you so much for joining us.
That was awesome.
Sorry, guys.
There we go.
I enjoyed watching you play.
Congrats.
Yeah, yeah.
Hey, you want to come out?
I can't promise you too much ice time.
I think I need you there more for the dressing room.
So we'll see who can use you.
We'll bring the Pig Whitney and
post-game pops, my friend.
Somebody's got to bring the beer.
Huge thanks to Larry Murphy for joining us, man.
Such a great defenseman. I mean, look, I played
for a handful of teams. Sometimes you think, what's up
with this guy? But he was so good. Everyone wanted
him, man. All right. You made a great call. I don't
know if there's been a guy to play with more
Hall of Famers. He's got Lemieux, Francis, Y the list goes on in pittsburgh you go to detroit with
federov ajam and lidstrom the russians in toronto he had matt sundin gilmore it was like it's crazy
i think he had 20 guys in the hall of fame he played with yeah that's wild insane so i'm one
of our listeners i'm sure they know in the in the modern era the expansion era who's played with the
most hall of fame teammates eventual eventual Hall of Fame teammates.
It has to be him.
It's got to be, right?
So anyways, his interview was also brought to you by Roman.
Hair loss is frustrating and can be confusing.
Take my word for it.
But don't get me wrong.
The world is full of handsome bald heads.
But that doesn't have to be your style if you don't want it to be.
The sooner a person starts treatment for hair loss, the easier it is to keep the hair they have. And sometimes folks even can regrow some of the hair
they lost. For a lot of men, losing their hair can mean losing their confidence. Thankfully,
Roman makes it easy to treat hair loss with a range of prescription and over-the-counter products
to help you feel more confident from the top down. So whether you're rocking a buzz cut,
braids, or a mohawk, you can find hair loss treatment to keep your style the way you like.
Get more confidence from the top down.
Go to GetRoman.com slash chicklets.
That's GetRoman.com slash chicklets.
All right, boys, moving over to the east.
The Rangers in Carolina, they're going to be playing Game 7 shortly.
We're going to come back on the air and cover that one.
But first, we're going to talk about game six Saturday at MSG Carolina.
Failed yet again at winning a playoff game on the road.
They got waxed by the Rangers 5-2 to set up the only game seven of the second round in Raleigh tonight.
Igor Shosturkin stopped 37 of 39 shots, had two assists,
and even had an interference penalty for good measure.
First goalie with two assists since Pecorine back in 17.
Filippito had a pair of goals.
Mika Zibinijad stays red hot, scores in his fourth straight game.
Range is now 4-0 when facing elimination.
And Anthony Ronta, man, this guy is Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde.
He got yanked after giving up three goals on 13 shots, two of them pretty bad.
Merles, let's go to you first on this one as a New York guy.
Yeah, I mean, I feel like I'm part of the team right now
with the amount of hamburgers I've been eating down at Mika's
a Begna's restaurant.
And every time I do it, he's scoring a goal.
I'm gaining pounds and he's gaining votes for the cons might as we speak.
So they're going to need him.
They're going to need him in game seven him and Kreider you know I'm a
little bit of a Jets fan so the Jet fans out there I'm gonna tell you a little stat you probably
don't know you're gonna be pulling for the Rangers tonight because that second round pick you traded
for a cop turns into a first round pick if the Rangers advance past this route, a little nugget from Pearl little nugget.
Oh yeah.
A little good for the Rangers.
I'm trying to drag more people into this Rangers team as I can.
Depending on its goal.
The second goal in game six was so dirty.
It's like a backhand toe drag and go into the zone.
And then he changes the angle enough where Ranta looks pretty bad
because it's on the ice five-fold, but I think the way he moves
and the way he's able to push the puck that split inch away,
it makes it so easy for him to score goals.
He's such a natural when he gets in alone on the goalie.
But Mott had the big goal, and it's nuts.
This Carolina team, I am really, truly believing now more than ever
that they are playing to get thumped by Tampa.
Whoever wins game seven.
Carolina can't win on the road.
So, yeah, you have home ice against Tampa, but they can win anywhere.
And I don't think the Rangers can play with them either.
I mean, we've been singing the gospel as far as Carolina at home is unbeatable.
Do you believe that in game seven?
What are your gut instinct feelings
going in me yes i think they win again i do i think tonight i think in an hour times whenever
this thing starts i i think they have such a home ice advantage especially early in games if the
rangers can go out and take an early lead that's a complete game changer and game one they were
able to do that and they looked so good slowing them down.
They still lost.
But game seven, Shusterkin, the way he's playing, if they can get a lead, Carolina could be in one.
But in terms of Carolina going up 1-0, which it seems like they have at home, they're just so hard to beat with a lead there.
They're so hard to beat anyways.
And when they get up, they get the momentum, they get the crowd, and it's a game changer.
Yeah, I had a feeling. They need Panarin, dude it's a game changer. Yeah, I had a feeling.
They need Panarin, dude.
I went for a walk, and I had a feeling about Capo Caco.
I know I was shitting on him for missing that open net in game one.
Remember when it was 1-0 late in the third,
and he missed that wide open net that could have sealed game one,
and they would have actually beat Carolina on the road?
I just had this epiphany while I was walking
that he's going to be the one guy to show up
tonight and and do it and then shisterkin's gonna close the door i actually have it right now uh
you guys put a couple fun bets out on on the barstool app uh barstool sportsbook um either
team to have a shutout in a win so one of the goalies can give up zero goals i think that that's
a fair one i actually went hard on Capococco for first goal.
I think I put like 75 bucks on it to win like 900 or something.
I think it was plus 2,200, so you guys do the math.
I got a money line and puck line,
and I want to say there was one other bet you guys had on there.
G, what was the other one?
The score bet, we have Mika and Rangers to win plus 480
for all our Ontario Canada listeners.
Yeah, so I kind of am all in on these Rangers,
and people are trying to say I'm going back to the reverse jinx shit.
No, I think that if you're Carolina and you play with enough fire on the road
and you don't get the job done when you can
and you let a team like New York live
and you don't stick that stake in their heart,
they're 4-0 right
now in elimination games, did you not just say, right?
They fucking live for this. It's like you
degenerates at the fucking blackjack
table or at the fucking roulette
table when we're on these Chicklets Cup trips.
You're just chipping a chair,
baby. They're still alive and they're living
for that fucking moment where they make that run at
3 in the morning until 6 a.m. Game is pretty chippy as well how about tony d shooting it in
the net after the whistle picking on those ranges goals once again i fucking love it awesome dude
great great drama yeah going back to the canes oh and six on the road seven no at home that's
just incredible 1.7 goals on the road 3.66 at home, goal differential on the road, negative 15 at home, plus 17.
Never seen anything like it quite before.
But if Carolina plays like they did in game five, man,
I have a suffocating range.
He's only got 17 shots that game.
They'll win.
But I got the game at coin flip, man, like any game seven.
It's just, you're probably going to get an unlikely hero.
Some guy probably hasn't scored.
Yeah, Copacaco.
He's going to get two.
He's going to get two tonight, I think.
But there was a year like it, but it might have even been in reverse
where it was New Jersey where they won every game on the road,
but they were losing all the ones at home.
Do you guys remember that real weird year where there was a playoff run?
And I want to say another team has done it to where they couldn't win
on the road too.
So there have been examples of like something.
I do remember something about Jersey like that, but I don't remember exactly when it was.
I mean, if Carolina can't figure it out, it doesn't matter if they win tonight.
It's like you have to you have to be able to win in both spots.
It's all champions do is they get wins on the road.
They get wins at home.
They win high scoring games and win low scoring games.
So if there's a certain aspect to the league and the playoff format
that you can't get it done, you have no chance of lifting the cup.
So I have that stat for you, actually.
In 1995, the New Jersey Devils won 10 road playoff games,
and they actually did it again in the year 2000.
So that's the record for most road wins to win a Stanley Cup.
Pretty impressive.
So if they get past this round, they could likely tie it.
Well, I guess they could even fucking break the amount of wins
and then still lose in the conference finals if they did it, right?
That's fucking wild.
The Canes are, I think, 7-0 in all time in Game 7s,
and I'm pretty sure Brynden Moore played and coached in all of them.
So that's going against us.
Wow.
Some more nuggets.
There's never been a Canes game seven.
He didn't play or coach in.
I'm not a hundred percent on that.
I feel like there are some of those.
But they're definitely seven and oh.
Yeah.
In those games.
That's a wild stat, man.
Wild stats.
Either way, like I said, we're going to come back later.
Recap game seven for you,
but any final notes on this series, boys, before we chug along?
No, Trouba just continues to be a wrecking ball.
I mean, the guy hammers people.
Keep your head up when he's on the ice.
Keiondre Miller I've talked about a lot.
Super impressive in terms of watching young defensemen grow
like the same way I brought up Bouchard.
Let's see what Ajo can do.
Let's see what Terravine has tonight because they're nice at home.
They have the old thing where, remember, Goudreau,
you should just light it up at home and do nothing on the road?
Let's see if you can continue to carry that
because if you haven't been able to produce on the road,
you better get it done at home in Game 7.
You can catch less heat that way.
And don't get me wrong.
The fact that I think New York's going to win doesn't, you know,
don't forget the fact that I completely hate the Rangers,
and I hope Carolina thumps them.
That's a perfect lead-in to the game.
We'll be back with you guys after game seven.
Fuck you guys.
I still think you're  I'm just giving you guys a little bit of credit
because maybe you stopped fucking playing like a bunch of dickheads
and you've actually maybe limited some of the offensive scoring chances instead of hanging your goaltender out to dry you bums he's playing ball charge once
again biz what going on right now business sports and sling tv has it all for the absolute best
price to start with capital one's the match the sports emmy nominated premier live golf event
series will feature a foursome of legendary nfl quarterbacks tom brady and aaron rogers teaming up to face patrick mahomes and
josh allen with four of the past five nfl nvps taking the course together for the first time
tnt will exclusively televise the epic 12-hole event wednesday june 1st beginning at 6 30 p.m
eastern time it'll be live from the Wynn Las Vegas,
the only golf course on the Las Vegas Strip.
Sling will let you also stream TNT live
whether you are at home watching on your big-ass flat-screen TV
or on the go with a phone or tablet and connected to the internet.
Then, starting June 2nd, you'll be able to follow the NBA Finals
and the NHL Finals.
Events on ABC will be simulcast on ESPN3.
And right now you can get all of that for half the price during your first month.
So less than 18, which is lower than any other streaming service out there.
Pretty cheap stuff.
You'll also be able to follow the Barstool Sports Channel,
which features a nonstop feed of Barstool's most popular shows,
including the Yak, Stool brandon walker show and
kelly keegs on the other line whatever you're into sling is where you can find the live sports you
love all in one place go to sling.com slash barstool to sign up now and try it for half the
price during your first month get on that sling tv gang all right hey before we go over to the world championships
can we all agree on that call on ian cole was as soft as puppy shit for the cross check that led
to the goal it was like come on here what a dive and and listen like i you know whatever man do
what you got to do to get the power play but for a guy who's been wrecking guys's noggins and faces
all playoff long i think he can handle that fucking cross check for fuck's sakes he's been wrecking guys' noggins and faces all playoff long. I think he can handle that fucking cross check for fuck's sakes.
He's been ending guys' careers.
That was straight out of the Champions League.
Just a complete, just throw your body in the air.
You feel a little contact.
The Neymar barrel roll.
Murr, Canada got hosed in the world, huh?
Speaking of shitty calls, what do you got?
Murr is our international correspondent.
Let's go to you for the World Championships, brother.
Yeah, we'll save that for a little bit.
I want to give a couple quick notes before that,
especially for you Bruins fans out there.
It was great to see Pasta show up.
He dominated.
But a really cool game was the USA-Sweden game
where both Bruins goalies played.
They had a great game, went to overtime 3-2.
But I think the biggest story besides the championship game is this
Slovakian kid again, Jura Slavkovski.
He better go higher than they're saying a while ago before the Olympics
and this show we put on.
So I remember being on and I was telling you there's some question marks
about the kid from Ontario from the scouts up there.
And I mean, we heard about this kid first at the Olympics.
You're the last time I can remember like a European like this that you didn't really know about at 18.
Dominating the world championships was a guy we talked about earlier in a podcast.
Leon Dreisaitl, exact same thing.
He dominated.
He's a big kid.
Do not be surprised if somebody takes him before business coyotes can get to him.
No, I was just going to say we're picking third.
So you're talking about Shane Wright, who's been the projected number one overall pick for really the last couple of years.
Since he was 11.
Yeah, I guess what some people are saying is that like the growth has stopped accelerating at maybe the rate it once was
i still think more than likely he's slated to go first and i don't think the montreal canadians are
not going to pick a kid from ontario and a canadian kid and and kind of the guy there you
know it's off the glass and out here you're saying though he is probably leaped up to number two
wasn't there a russian kid in the mix to go number two uh what do you
that's next year that's next year i think logan cooley will probably be one two or three as well
with those guys who's he an american kid yes he's an american kid he kind of got put more on the map
with with the world at the beginning of the world juniors this year so i feel like he knows those
shoes brothers that are with the devils too so that that feels like an easy fit. But what you're telling me is we're three kids deep,
so the Coyotes can't fuck this up.
Yeah.
That is incredible news that you've brought us,
not only about your scouting report of this kid.
Now, what makes him so special?
You compared him to Dreisaitl.
You're saying on the trajectory of which he kind of came on the map,
or is he also a big fucking kid?
He's got the size. And to just be doing this at 17, 18 years old against men.
And it wasn't just like a fluke tournament.
He did the same thing in the Olympics with a lot of really veteran pros and, you know, like men.
He's playing against men and not playing like OHL bench.
Bunch of kids.
He's doing this against men.
Has he been playing in Finland all year, Murr?
I think he was in the Finnish League.
Yeah, he was in TPS.
He played a few games in the junior 11 games,
and then he played 31 games in the top league,
five goals, five assists.
At that age, though.
It's good.
And then I think he went to the finals 18 games,
and he had seven points.
So you don't know how much power play
a young kid's getting like that
but he seems like
a good pick for the
Yotes
crossing my fingers
yeah the big story
was the finals
I went on a rant
to start because they went to 3
on 3 for a championship game.
That's just pathetic.
Would the Olympics have done that?
Yeah, I think so.
I think it's across all IHF now.
I remember it from last year because it was the same two teams
in the finals last year, Canada and Finland.
I don't think there's a chance if it goes.
Well, I mean, you're saying they changed that after the one where Crosby and scored the golden goal.
That was four on four.
So maybe they went, they dropped another guy.
Less of a chance for me to get on the ice.
Yeah, I feel like this Olympics was three on three, but I can't totally remember.
I've watched so much hockey.
I agree with you.
I don't think that that championship trophy should be decided or gold medals or
whatever should be decided three on three hockey not especially when the three on three is followed
by a shootout yeah round robin to to figure it all out sure the fucking final game it's kind of like
you're treating them like cattle at this point yeah we just need to get the we need the ice for
a men's league game after like fuck off and then the worst thing happens the ref calls a
penalty and it goes four on three which is i mean that's a totally different thing than five on four
so it was a penalty i saw the play you know it was a penalty what it also was was a clear cut
embellishment to the worst degree worse than what we saw from Trouba. It was Neymar-esque.
It might have been Neymar who did it.
So let's see the clip, and I'm sure you people online have already seen it and blah, blah, blah.
Fucking Team Canada doesn't win a gold.
Everybody's panicking in Canada.
That at Merle's from International.
Any final notes over there?
I know you're a correspondent.
No, that was good.
ABR crew, we won a lot of bets on that. You know know it stinks when you don't win the last game we were on canada
of course we were up one nothing and uh we gave it away but uh it was another successful tournament
and yeah i love the international hockey because you get the action during the day and then you
roll the profit right over in the nhl at night did you make anything this one yeah i did good
on this one.
This was a good one.
He finally won.
He gives out winners.
He just ends up down in his own account.
It's the basketball and baseball bets I'm following from everybody else.
Have you made any decisions on who you're picking in these playoffs yet,
or are you going to wait until right before game one in the next round?
Well, that's the thing, what I've kind of found here.
I go on record for these series pick, which I think is the right pick at the time. But I mean, as a, I'm a,
I'm a hockey player. I'm a sports gambler. I watched the game and okay. I can change my idea.
Who's going to win the next game. Like, yeah. All right. I had, you have Carolina to win the series Merles. Yeah. But the Rangers are at home. They're dominant. They're going to win like,
and the same with that Tampa, Florida series Merles had Florida yeah after game one I knew Tampa was winning that
series I'm gonna start putting my money on Tampa there you go boys I'm also quickly before we go
watch this game I'm one game away from 12 and all picking the NHL Stanley Cup so Carolina gets it
done I'm legitimately the opposite of Biz Mushy.
So we'll be back to you guys soon, and hopefully we get a good game here.
So we'll talk to you in a bit.
Well, gang, we said we were going to come to after the Rangers-Carricaines game,
but we're on early, man.
Canes didn't show up.
Dut of a game for them.
Rangers are blowing them out.
It's 6-2 right now, a little under three minutes left in the period.
Chris Kreider, this kid is an absolute fucking stud when it matters most.
Igor in lockdown mode. We're going to get Rangers-Tampa in the period. Chris Kreider, this kid is an absolute fucking stud when it matters most. Igor in lockdown mode.
We're going to get Rangers-Tampa
in the Eastern Conference Finals, but first, let's go
to you, Whit, on this game. Bit of a disappointment
for a Game 7, eh? Big time disappointment.
I was kind of hoping for an instant classic,
and I think every hockey fan other than Rangers
fans, I guess, we're hoping for
that as well. Rangers fans got what they wanted,
a complete blowout, and
the first thing I'll say is
I'm not trying to pump my own tires guys I never do that but I mean what I say about Carolina a
long time ago they don't have a superstar they don't have a game breaker really bad luck with
Anderson missing the playoffs that's just a kick in the dick and Ronta was great I mean
he's kind of ultimately jinxed tonight.
The announcer, I think, said, oh, this is his 11th straight start.
He's never started that many games.
Regular season or playoffs in his career.
Boom, he goes down with an injury, which has kind of been his Achilles heel.
No pun intended.
The entire time he's been in the league, he can't stay healthy.
So the Canes end up going down because when it mattered most,
they don't have a true game breaker.
I thought Shvechnikov had a great game.
He was buzzing around.
A couple of real big early chances.
But Fox, for Fox to come in and get that goal,
awesome screen on the first goal, it was just from then on, Rangers.
And Fox has, I think, 17 points now.
There are 18 points in the playoffs.
What a player that guy is.
And Kreider also.
Now there are 18 points in the playoffs.
What a player that guy is.
And Kreider also,
you know, he's,
he's got 15 goals in possible clinching games for the Rangers or maybe
knockout games.
All right.
You might know the difference.
The Rangers,
we got to give them credit.
We called them Fugazi's business all over on the team.
Not we.
Right.
What?
So not we,
sorry,
just call them Fugazi's. Not all of us didn't call him Fugazi's. Sorry to me. Well, I said not we. Sorry, just Biz called him Fugazi.
All of us didn't call him Fugazi.
Well, I said we all should give him credit, I believe.
No?
I thought you said we all called him Fugazi.
Oh, I meant me and Biz.
Sorry, R.A.
What do you got, R.A.?
I don't know.
Fuck.
Take it away, R.A.
No, I didn't call him Fugazi.
I think I picked against him, but I threw some money on them a couple rounds ago.
A couple games. You didn't fucking call
them a fugazi one time? I don't
believe I, no, I don't believe I did. Alright, I
believe you. Yeah, I mean, if you can find it,
I'll eat my words, but I honestly don't
think I did. I called them a fugazi exactly
what I did, and I was wrong.
Fucking smushed with something I didn't say. I'll take
fucking the heat if I said something. I know, I was
just fucking around because it got so awkward
guys i was the one who called them a fugazi i'm the one who created this narrative that these guys
didn't belong even in the second round fuck i didn't even think they belonged in playoffs the
way they played in that first round against pittsburgh they got dominated okay but what i
will say in this round against a lot more defensive team in Carolina, they adapted their game and also played extremely well defensively.
They got the timely scoring. They go. I believe that if they go on to win the Stanley Cup, it'll be the only time a team was ever came down from two to two game deficits, one being three with three to one and the other being two to nothing i think
that there's been a couple teams who have went down to nothing a couple times i want to say it
was boston the year they went to win the cup in 2000 uh was it 2011 yeah 2011 yeah so these guys
when their backs are against the wall they can show up and they can get the fucking job done and
that's what exactly what they did and they won their home games this series and they can get the fucking job done. And that's exactly what they did. And they won their home games this series and they forced it to seven.
And I just had a feeling
that they were going to figure it out on the road.
They were going to get...
I thought it was going to be Capococco.
He only ended up having an assist.
But nonetheless, they get the production from the stars
when they need them.
And it was a collective effort.
Shosturkin was incredible
as he was throughout the second round.
First round, he didn't look like himself.
He found his bearings. And as the playoffs have gone on,
he's got progressively better and better and better.
And if I hear one more fucking Rangers fan remind me
that he's got three more career playoff points than I do,
I'm going to fucking lose my mind.
Now, you talked about Kreider.
He has made a living off to the side of the net there.
A beautiful play, whether it's a deflection goal when he's screening the goalie or it's off to the side of the net. He's done that a lot this year in a perfect little tip play where you just kind of chop at it. We've seen Sidney Crosby do it a million times, but he's one of the best in the league now, Kreider, at it. And after a season with 28 power play goals when a couple podcasts ago i said their
power play is going to dry up like a nun's cunt well that didn't happen she was fucking waterworks
on the murphy bed just like the super soaker from first period too first fucking period two power
play goals so all the credit to the rangers i got another big fat l on my forehead but i will say
from a league perspective and like for an entertainment
perspective the fact that we have these teams in the final four couldn't be a better situation for
the national hockey league i hope i hope that they go deeper into the third round and i hope that the
other series might even end a little bit earlier so i can make my way over to new york city to get
in some of this uh eastern conference final action because we have a lot of guys at the barstool office that are on a heater
right now. Glenny balls, Avery, whose Jersey I got on and credit to you, Grinelli, you hopped
on this train. You were very positive about them the whole time. And you were like, fuck that. We
want these guys involved and you've been very supportive so i'm the loser rangers are not fugazis i'm in
fact the fugazi ra i'm sorry that we try to bring you down in in the midst of all this chaos and i
guess we could hand it over to either grinnelly or murals who hop back on who's ready to hop on
a red eye to give your final thoughts on what the fuck we just saw well i remember i just saw it in the biz does nyc vlog
i have avery's ugly rangers hat on at the start of the playoffs and then i also remember during
the live stream you chirping stew finer oh pittsburgh gave murray all this money and he's
picking against the rangers so i was not on this fugazi run i've been on the rangers i turned the
season around when i went down to mika's
broden there's hamburger shop and had his hamburger he did he did turn it around and and
today i couldn't get to send you a gift certificate i got a shrimp sandwich instead for him and he
gets two apples so go rangers oh oh shrimp sandwich at the airport you're gonna be on the ir when you
get the fucking Denver, buddy.
We're going to have to get you some edibles to fucking calm down that stomach.
But Grinnelli, what do you have to say about this?
You look like you're fired up because it just means more action for the pod.
Yeah, I was buzzing around DJs this weekend.
I mean, I picked the Rangers for one reason and one reason only.
So for Memorial Day weekend, I could just walk around DJs yelling,
Rangers in seven! Rangers in seven!
So, I mean, I'm not picking them next series, but this is great for the NHL.
I've said this all along. This is great for the NHL, and this is great for chicklets.
New York people buy t-shirts. That's what we need here. We need to sell some t-shirts.
You didn't get bottled by some guido? Yelling that in GJs?
Never.
My people would never.
So are we going to make our predictions for the next round right now?
And where do you guys want to start?
Yeah, Rangers, Tampa.
Rangers have home ice.
They actually had more regulation wins, so they broke that.
Yeah, they got that tiebreaker, so they're going to have the home ice advantage.
Man, what a series, dude.
I mean, what a matchup here.
Goaltenders, coaching, all kinds of shit.
I know we haven't had a bunch of time to break it down
because we didn't know who was going to be in it
until about 10 minutes ago, but let's go to you first, Whit.
You're usually pretty quick off the hop.
Louis Domingue,
Antti Ranta,
slash Pachecov.
Sorry, whatever his name was.
Those are the two goalies Rangers have beaten.
They haven't beaten a legitimate goalie yet.
They're not getting a legitimate goalie.
They're getting the alpha of all alphas.
The big cat himself, maybe the best goaltender to ever play hockey.
That, along with the firepower up front and the monster on defense,
the headman, Sergeyev, McDonough, that just core that comes at you
and waves big, strong in their own zone.
The Rangers haven't seen anything remotely close to what they're about
to deal with.
I think that this Rangers team has heart.
We've seen it proven loudly and clearly.
Their fan base is banana lands.
They're out of their tree.
And they're going to give it an effort.
But the Lightning are going to win this series.
No doubt about it.
Six games I'm giving them.
And I think you'll see another clinching shutout from the Big Cat game six.
Whit has the Rangers in six.
No, I have the Lightning in six.
Sorry.
I'm looking at fucking Biz's Rangers shirt and talking at the same time.
You got the Lightning in six.
Biz, what do you got with your Rangers shirt on?
And you didn't call them a fugazi, right?
We're reminding everybody.
No, never did.
But I'm literally looking at a Rangers shirt.
That's why I said it.
So go ahead.
What do you got?
Well, I tell you what.
The Tampa Bay Lightning made me look like an absolute
donkey.
And so have the Rangers,
but there's no way I'm betting against Tampa Bay lightning and Andre
Vasilevsky again,
wit.
You told me about the last round about Carolina.
You've been harping it all year.
You're not as dumb as you look.
You said Carolina doesn't have a superstar and it
scares me you've had the same tone about vasilevsky i am gonna hop off this jersey
and i'm gonna start showing tampa the respect they deserve and i'm gonna also go tampa and six now
quickly i forgot to mention Carolina.
Congratulations on a great year.
You guys did a lot of amazing things.
Franchise record for points.
Franchise record for points.
I would have liked to have seen what you guys could do back
and maybe get your retribution on the Tampa Bay Lightning after last year.
That will not be the case.
Does New York scare me in the fact that they have home ice advantage? advantage absolutely and i think that this is going to be a heavyweight bout i'm no longer
going to be calling them the fugazis i will just say that i think that they're a little bit over
themselves going against the champs that i disrespected last round so in six i agree with
you and the the point do we know anything point? No but they've had nine days off
I got some info on point
alright nobody's seen
him on the ice so he hasn't been involved
in any ice unless it's behind closed doors
but I will let you know they have the
best training staff in the whole league down there
Tommy Mulligan
he won a Calder Cup in Providence he's got three
Stanley Cups he's the head trainer
the assistant trainer I got his name here Mike Poyer he won a Calder Cup in Providence he's got three Stanley Cups he's the head trainer the assistant
trainer I got his name here Mike Poyer he has a couple cups but guess what you're gonna love this
one he's got a Super Bowl with the Pats this guy knows how to win he knows how to get his players
back so there's your Brandon Point update well if Point if Point doesn't go this uh in game one
I think it's safe to say he's probably not going at all, right?
I mean, if he's had nine days and then he still can't be ready to go,
maybe four or five more days if the series went to, you know,
six or seven games possibility, but we'll probably know right away in warmup.
So maybe pregame skate on Wednesday.
What's your prediction, Merles?
I'm going to go with Tampa in seven.
And somebody please remind me if we get to a clinching game to do a barstool What's your prediction, Merle? I'm going to go with Tampa in seven.
And somebody please remind me if we get to a clinching game to do a barstool boost with a shutout for Vasilevsky.
We all know the stat now.
But the reason I'm seven, it has nothing to do with any of the players or teams or home ice or not.
But I think if it goes seven, we can get this trip to Denver and Edmonton done. I can fly back to Sweden, check in with the wife and kid,
and then maybe jump quickly back to New York for game seven.
And one quick rip to the bar for 30 minutes.
One beer.
One mother's day.
One pint.
All right.
Who do you got?
I just said G.
What do you got?
All right. Let's go G.
I got Tampa in six. And I think the Rangers are a good team.
I just don't think this is their time yet. Their time will come.
Their time will definitely come, but I think they're a year to maybe even three years away.
So I got Tampa in six. One of the range I wanted to mention was Alexi Lafreniere.
Thought he had a real coming out part of the series.
I think they said he set a record for points in a series
for players under 21 on the range.
So he's starting to find his game a little bit
after a couple early year struggles. But either
way, Tampa's out for history.
They're well rested. And we've been
talking all the theme, all these playoffs
teams that need to learn to win by
doing that. They got to lose sometimes. And
that's what's going to happen to the Rangers here. I think they're going to
lose a tough one. Great team. A team lauda hot like you just said but tampering five i think
i just want to say six like everyone else i'm gonna tamper in five man they're chasing history
they're feeling good right now and i don't know which point about the goaltenders is pretty
relevant here so wow clean sweep hey shout out that lingering too on the rangers yes what a
warrior warrior holy shit that guy he's been injured about six times in the playoffs.
Keeps coming back.
He's blocking shots.
They're up 5-1 with six minutes to go.
Just a killer.
He's a honey badger.
Just laying it on the line.
Won't back down from anyone.
Now, Witt, the one component to all this was Avery on that Atlanta trip
when he was getting in your face about Vasilevsky or Shosturkin.
They're meeting head-to-head, so this is kind of spicy.
Do you think there's any way that Shosturkin ends up outperforming
Vasilevsky in the Eastern Conference Finals?
If he did, it wouldn't be the most surprising thing ever.
Like, Shosturkin is a sicko.
He's up for the MVP this year. And he just put on a clinic
in the second round
against the Rangers.
Game seven, he was a monster.
So yeah, I mean,
you're dealing with
the two best goalies
in the world right now.
My entire argument
the whole time was
he was saying
he'd rather Shosturkin.
Since that argument,
since that video we put out,
like I've only looked
smarter and smarter.
That's not exactly easy
to do when you're me.
Look at this Vasilevsky.
How many times am I going to say this?
He is a completely different goalie than anyone else in the league
because every single time the games mean the most, he's the best player.
Nobody else can ever say that.
And he's so big.
You look at the net, there's nothing to shoot at. They're going
to need Crowder to get those tip-in goals. They're going to
need traffic in front because the guy's
at a different level. I don't think it would
be completely shocking if Shester could
play it out of his mind. But
as a betting man, I'm going with
Vasilevsky. And also,
Avery,
he's lost everything to me. He was down
like 750. He got a couple hundred back,
and I think there's 500 riding on who goes further, Rangers or Tampa.
I love that it's coming down to this.
How'd that work out last time for me, everyone?
I went against numbnuts over there, Bissonette and Calgary head-to-head.
I came out on top, so this will be no different.
Tampa moves on.
Not a question in my mind.
All right, game one, Wednesday, 8 o'clock at MSG.
And Tampa is an 8-9 favorite base.
So you got to put up 180 to make 100 in the series on Tampa
or 100 to make 160 on the ranges.
Moving over to the West, Edmonton versus Colorado.
Game one tonight, 8 o'clock.
Our boy Biz will be there on TV.
Be sure to check him out on TNT.
In the season series, Colorado went 2-1.
Edmonton went 1-0-2.
Colorado's favored, minus 240 to make 100.
Edmonton, 100 to make 200.
Just the third ever playoff meeting between the two franchises.
Each has won a series.
Of course, McKinnon, McDavid's the big one.
Leon and Connor right now, both tied 26 points, lead the NHL.
That's like Con Smythe winning numbers in regular years,
but these guys are lightening up.
Of course, we've got Nate McCarran on the other side.
Boys, let's get to the predictions.
I know we already kind of went over this one.
Let's go to Grinelli first.
Oh, okay.
Well, I love the people of Edmonton.
Great, great people in Edmonton.
I feel like they've really molded wit into the man he is today,
but unfortunately I can't pick the Oilers.
I can't pick against
nate dog and in the abs they're just too good so i got the abs in seven games boys all right
little sucking up i'm getting yelled at i gotta go through security i'll be right back well who
do you got who do you got prediction wise uh i got the avalanche in five jesus quick one and he
just signed off okay uh quick reminder we already talked about the bar appearance in Denver on Wednesday,
starting at six o'clock for puck drop of the Eastern conference finals game
one.
Now Grinnelly,
can you give me back that address?
Just as a reminder,
we're going to try to see if we can have some pink Whitney merchandise to
give away.
We're going to have pink Whitney shooter girls.
Hopefully at that time we have word from game time. Maybe we could do a giveaway for two tickets to give away. We're going to have pink Whitney shooter girls. Hopefully at that time we have word from game time.
Maybe we could do a giveaway for two tickets to the game.
Come join us,
have some pops.
I believe Scott Parker,
the former tough guy from the avalanche is going to come by a couple other
people,
a former hockey player.
So come check us out.
Grinnelli at it's Avanti food and beverage.
And we will be in the lower lounge and it's three it's 3200 North Pico Street, Denver, Colorado.
All right, another Pink Whitney party at Greta, Greta Bar.
All right, this is on 109th Street, Northwest Edmonton.
Okay, that's Greta.
It's an arcade bar.
We're going to be there on Friday starting at 830 to 1030.
You can stay as long as you want.
We're going gonna have the bubble
hockey we're gonna be partying it's all gonna be brought to you by Pink Whitney now to the series
um two heavyweights going at it I would have to agree with you guys I'm going with Colorado I
will not join Edmonton side wit I wish you guys the best of luck McJesus and Dreisaitl going off
to the final finals in order to chase their cup
a great storyline but i think it's mac the nate dog's time right now and i don't think anybody's
going to be done eyeing him what he wants and that's a stanley cup in his 10th season as a
colorado avalanche so let's go abs let's hope my mushness leaves me i think i'm on a bit of a hot
streak here predicting the Rangers.
Witt, it's over to you, my friend.
I picked Tampa to win the Cup before the year.
I've told a lot of people Colorado probably will get it done if Tampa does it,
but I'm not picking against my boys.
I'm not going to do it.
We're underdogs.
We're overmatched on paper.
It's an ugly head-to-head matchup if you want to look at it just on paper,
but that's why they play the games.
I think we can get to Kemper.
We can get his confidence rattled.
Smitty can continue to perform the way he has and McDavid and
Dreitz.
That'll move us on to the Stanley cup final Edmonton and seven,
any hot takes. All right. Any, any seven. Any hot takes, R.A.?
Any guys?
Any hot takes about the series before it gets played here?
Well, we got, first off, a former Coyotes goalie
versus another former Coyotes goalie.
I thought you would have...
Also, we have the father-son aspect.
Josh Manson on Colorado defenseman going against his dad, Dave,
what they used to call Charlie Manson.
I don't know if it got canceled to call him Charlie Mans manson this day and age but uh his father's a coach assistant
coach on edmonton so a unique angle there yeah this one man i smitty's been better than kemper
thus far i know he's been kind of held the skelter some games i see this number oil is averaging 4.33
goals per game like we said scored at least four goals in eight of 12 at least five and six i don't know that that's going to slow down man I haven't seen enough of Kemper to think that he's
going to shut it down and I don't know McDavid is in the fucking zone him and Leon I just feel like
McDavid I think it's his year I love the Nate dog I love Landy I love those guys but I don't know I
think I think this is the year that fucking McDavid finally gets there and I'm gonna I'm gonna say
what the wit Dog said.
Edmonton in seven, it's going to be a classic.
Can I change my answer to Colorado in seven?
I also now think it's going to go the distance.
You guys have swayed my opinion on this. You can switch it up.
You can switch your games up.
Thank you.
All right, boys.
Just a couple final notes here.
Do you have any other stuff for the playoffs before we move on?
Are we good? No, but what a conference final. This. Do you have any other stuff for the playoffs before we move on? Are we good?
No, but what a conference final.
This is going to be pretty sick.
Can't wait.
One of the best in ages.
All right.
You can find Spittin' Chicklets merch in stores and online at Pure Hockey.
58 stores and counting.
They've got our hoodies, tees, hats,
and they offer both chicklets and pink Whitney styles in a range of,
like I just said, hoodies, T-shirts, hats, all the stuff we got.
I love the jogging pants because I basically live in them.
Shop the worldwide selection of the summer and fall styles like our NBD hats.
That Grinnelli does a terrific job on.
And our chicklets, lacer, hoodie, the old hockey lace and the tie thing there.
Good stuff.
So go to purehockey.com or shop in stores today.
Get your chicklets gear.
All right, boys, a couple notes before we wrap up here. Go to purehockey.com or shop in stores today. Get your chiclets gear.
All right, boys, a couple notes before we wrap up here.
Congratulations to Jason Spezza, the number two pick of the 0-1 draft by Ottawa.
He retired after 19 NHL seasons and immediately joined the Leafs as a special assistant to GM Kyle Dubas.
Played 11 years in Ottawa, five in Dallas, the last three in Toronto.
995 points in 1,248 games,
then another 76 points in 97 playoff games.
Of course, he went to the cup final in 07 where they lost to the Ducks.
He actually led the NHL in points and assists that year.
So, I mean, they lost 4-1.
He probably would have been the con smite throwing ahead of their one,
but it didn't happen.
But either way, he's probably one of the most liked teammates
of the last several years.
Biz, would you agree with that?
Oh, yeah.
I mean, I got to see him play in junior too he was a double
underage just so special and the way that he was able to with the wingspan stick handle the way he
did like i i think he might be the first guy i ever see live doing reverse toe drag with on the
backhand so the shit that he was doing with the puck and his size and what he was able to do
and dominate junior hockey there was no surprise he was going going to go on to be a star in the NHL.
Played world junior at a young age.
I'm not sure if you already harped on that, but he, you know, what a career, man.
And you mentioned such a likable guy and, you know, you don't hear a bad thing about him throughout the hockey world.
And to think that, you know, you can get a job that quickly in doing what he's doing with the Leafs, that's pretty much a dream job.
And for a guy who really deserves it and has the credibility to where he can do it.
So, yeah, man, you were more of his age bracket and probably played against him a little bit more, but just a very special player.
I never got the chance to play against him growing up.
Maybe I did in one tournament, but I don't remember.
And I think I would have because he was such a big name at such a young age I mean he was
the next great thing like the next great player and the career he had it's amazing that there was
all that praise and all that promise as a youngster and he lived up to all of it and I remember the
chance I would have had to play against him was under 17s around Christmas time in Timmins, Ontario.
But he made world juniors as a 16-year-old for Team Canada.
Him and I think Bo Meister did that year.
So they weren't at that tournament.
So I never got the chance to see him even though he was my age.
And by going to college, I got drafted in 02 instead of 01 like I should have.
And, you know, watch him right away.
Just an NHL stud.
The best hands, silky smooth, monster of a player.
And he just made it look easy.
I saw him the one year Merles was with me.
The lockout year in Wilkes-Barre, he was with Binghamton.
They had a record-breaking team.
They were great.
We actually beat him in the first round.
We went down 2-0 in bingo, won four straight.
Huge upset.
But he was so good then.
And granted, it was the NHl but still there's a lot
of nhlers that next season he dominated that season toe dragging anyone he wants so much
faster than maybe he looked to some people because how big he was and fluid he was so
an amazing career no surprise he hops right into a front office because it seems like
being that well liked and that in in the game long, you probably have a place to stay involved in growing a team
and building a team that can win.
And hopefully we can get him on the podcast and talk about it all.
Oh, he'd be such a good interview.
He's got a silly laugh.
Hopefully a little bit of that coming at you, Spittin' Chickles fans.
So we hope you enjoyed Larry Murphy, boys.
I don't really have anything else to say
other than I am so excited for the next week.
And then, of course,
if the series goes a little bit longer,
you guys will end up going back to your,
your places and I'll be in,
uh,
in Denver and Edmonton one more time if it goes the distance.
So,
uh,
remember Wednesday party six to nine,
uh,
Friday party,
eight 30 to 10 30 in Edmonton.
Uh,
pink Whitney.
We'll see you there.
Let's fucking have some fun. Hockey's winning
right now, folks. And Biz, we just have
one last note here. Spittin' Chicklets
family wants to send our deepest condolences
to Brock Besser and his family on the loss
of his father, Duke. Passed away at the
much too young age of 61.
He had been diagnosed with Parkinson's
several years back and then dementia and had
some other health ailments and just
an awful sad story.
And you hate to see anybody lose a parent, especially at that age.
So Brock, we're thinking to your buddy,
please accept our sympathies and we're terribly sorry for your loss.
So everybody have a, have a nice week and we'll see you in Colorado. as always we like to thank our terrific sponsors here on spit and chiclets so huge thanks to our
longtime friends over at new amsterdam vodka and pink whitney big thanks to our friends over at
shopify huge thanks to our friends over at Shopify. Huge thanks to our friends over at Game
Time. Big thanks to our friends at Rome. I've been friends with them for a long time. And huge
thanks to everybody over at Sling TV. Have a fantastic week, everybody.
