Hey, Spittin' Chicklets listeners, you can find every episode on Apple Podcasts,
Spotify, or YouTube. Prime members can listen ad-free on Amazon Music.
Hello, everybody.
Welcome to episode 392 of Spittin' Chicklets,
presented by Pink Whitney, from our friends at New Amsterdam Vodka,
here in the Barstool Sports Podcast family.
Man, what a week.
The boys went out west, hit Denver, hit Edmonton,
meet and greet, watch parties.
We were in the suite with titans of industry,
and we got one all-time goofy haircut.
But first, we got to say hi to the boys.
We got a lot of stuff to get to.
Mikey Grinelli, how you feeling, buddy?
Good work last week.
Thank you, man.
I feel great.
I'm just glad Uncle Witty made it home okay.
I've had no less than, I'd say, 50 TV producers reach out to me over the past few days.
So I'm excited to hear about this.
All I told them was tune into Chicklets and you'll hear Uncle Witty.
Absolutely. We'll get to that shortly.
Next, we're going to check out our Swedish compatriot, Matt Merles,
who joined us across the pond once again.
How are you feeling, buddy? Still a little jet lagged or what?
Yeah, I'm struggling a little bit, but hearing Witt's story made me feel a lot better.
Yeah, I guess it could always be worse when you're traveling.
Again, we'll get to
that soon but paul biz nasty bisnet new haircut star of the show buddy is what an awesome week
i'll get to the haircut stuff later but i can't stop laughing looking at you it actually looks
good on you for some reason oh oh thank you um guys like i mean we all sound a little bit banged
up and it's because we are we were gone for for a week on that little Colorado Edmonton trip.
It felt like a month.
But the amount of love that we felt from not only the Spittin' Chicklets fans,
but all hockey fans and the amazing people that took care of us
and lined things up, and we're going to get to all these thank yous.
I guess you could label this the thank you podcast
because it was, I guess, one of the wrap up weekends to our season.
We obviously still are planning on going to New York city to,
to cover the Stanley cup finals,
but it was my final weekend with the TNT crew as well.
And a major,
major thank you to them in our first season with the TNT family.
I tell you what, man, they do it right. They are amazing people.
They assembled a very,
very fun crew. And I'm just very, very grateful that I was able to experience that. And I know
I sound like I'm beat. I am. We put everything we could into it. And we hope that you guys love
the product. And it was really awesome that they were able to incorporate the Chicklets crew in our
bet in Edmonton. And we were able to execute that live on air.
And who knew that me being cocky about the Calgary Flames
in November was going to lead to Witt shaving my head
on national television.
And Witt, you crushed it as always, buddy.
And R.A., I'll throw it back over to you,
and you can introduce this Gabagol
and his crazy, crazy couple days traveling.
Middle of conference finals, there's a Canadian team in it,
and who steals the headlines in Canada?
The wit dog.
Travel snafu.
What time did you leave the hotel on Sunday, Wit?
Okay, first off, I'm so sick.
This is the most sick I've ever been.
Negative COVID, negative flu, negative strep.
I think it's just I have the Pearson.
The Pearson Airport disease.
The worst place on earth.
I will try to go through this.
Now, first off, who the fuck knew that it was going to turn out like this?
Because holy shit, did I send that video?
I was like, oh, this is going viral.
I turned into a Canadian hero to some people. They're going to be changing rules and laws up there because of me.
Like Grinnelli said, I'm not kidding. Hundreds of TV requests. I said to everyone, tune into the
next spit and check. I'll explain this. So my flight from Edmonton was at 10 a.m., I believe,
right? 1030 a.m. I don't't remember some of these things are hazy dude this
feels like it was like it's like war where you just like really you're blacking out kind of
so i i left around 10 30 at the airport in edmonton i said uh some air canada worker
some random guy he's like oh you're going to Pearson? Good luck, man. I was like, what do you mean? He's like, that place is a disaster.
I was like, oh, all right.
Like, I was kind of like, geez, I guess I'll be all right, though.
I'm just going from there to Boston.
Smooth, smooth flight.
I mean, on time out of Edmonton, land in Toronto.
Everything's going money.
And I get through.
So now you clear US customs when you
get to Pearson, which I don't really understand. I guess it's, I don't know why you just don't go
through US customs when you get to Boston. I don't know how that all works. So I get to US customs
in Pearson and I see it was like cattle, like going on to like a cattle train or something it was like
or all the bulls and cows kind of like forming a disgusting line trying to get into like where
they need to go to get a bullet put in their head yeah exactly which i would have rather had done to
me than what i i had coming up so i put my passport in for u. Customs and then it pops up like, all right, go to line two.
I look, dude, there's line one, line two, line three.
There is just hundreds of people just pushed into this room.
So the room has a big screen up top that says this is the craziest shit.
I'm like, this is how this works so the room has the thing up top
that says when your initials go on the screen proceed through to u.s customs so i'm like all
right now granted dude i had i had probably what i have i must have had five hours till my flight
my flight was at 8 50 or 8 30 so So I was like, oh, I'm fine.
Like, this is kind of weird, but, but there were so many people in this room and, and the, the,
the list of initials, like, first of all, the, the, the writing is this tiny. I'm like up there,
like size 12 font on, I can't even, I needed R font from his phone that's like size 56 i'm like up
there i'm like barely could see and by the way the worst part was the whole time there was a w h i
so it so it had your init you had the last three letters of your last name and then the initial
like of your first name and then the city you were going to. There was a W-H-I and then an M, Boston.
So every time these initials... And it would go like there was two different screens, right?
Because W is at the bottom. So the second screen would be the Ws. And I'm like, W-H-I, M. W-H-I,
M. I kept saying Boston too. I'm like, when is that going to be an R? Now, in the midst of this,
the whole point of this is that your bags is that your bags have to clear through customs,
and then your initials go up on the screen.
And you could continue to check.
Now, I'm sitting in there about an hour and a half.
Then I meet a kid.
He comes up.
He's like, look who it is.
Another guy was sitting on the ground.
I was actually laying on the ground like this.
And some guy just stood over me with his phone.
And it was just the Chicklets logo. Like, he was listening to the podcast. And I went like this. And some guy just stood over me with his phone. And it was just the chiclets logo.
Like he was listening to the podcast.
And I went like this sweet.
So about an hour and a half, I meet this kid.
Look who it is.
Great dude.
He was going from Halifax to Salt Lake city.
His flight had, he had left three hours ago.
He was still waiting in this room.
So he's like, I don't know what I'm
going to do. It's for work. I'll just go tomorrow, whatever. I'm like, so what am I doing? He's like,
well, your bags need to clear. I didn't know until I talked to him. And he's like, actually,
you could stick your passport underneath that machine over there. I'll tell you how many of
your bags have cleared. So I did it. Zero out of two. Now, mind you, for everyone, why didn't you
leave? You had the bags. I had my golf clubs. I'm not leaving. People told me you wouldn't have your bag for a month if you left. I had my golf clubs. So then an hour goes, another hour goes by. It's about two and a half hours. No, it's two hours now. I put it in. It says one of two bags. I'm like, okay. I'm like, all right, fine. Probably another hour or so. Get the third, get the second bag. I'm out of here.
Get the third. Get the second bag. I'm out of here. And I got plenty of time for my flight.
Another hour goes by. It's now three hours. I put it in. It says one of two bags still.
But there's a big red thing at the top. Please see Air Canada person. Oh, now, listen, in this room, there was an Air Canada and the United desk.
So if there was 300 to 400 people in this room, a hundred of them were in line for air canada not one person
in line for united the air canada line so i'm like oh i'm like i gotta wait in this line now
and like boom i see up on the screen my flight's canceled so i'm like oh shit but still i'm not
thinking it's the end of the world like i don't know i'm. I'm whatever. I'm just like, okay. So I,
so this kid now he needs to get in the air candle line, but he's like, I've been waiting to see if
my bags will get cleared. So I'm like, well, dude, you want to just wait with me? He's like,
yeah. So we go to the back of this, we go to the back of this line, a hundred people in the
customs room. He says, ah, dude, I, no, I said, listen, I want to go up to U.S. Customs. I want to just walk
through to U.S. Customs. He's like, no, I guess if you get up there and you don't have both your
bags checked through, they're just going to send you right back here, which a bunch of people were
saying, like this kid came back. By the way, I was you know how they called Joe Sackett,
Jonathan Dave, Steve Eisen, like pros, pros. I was the pro pro of all this. I never flipped
out one time. i was acting with a
level head i was acting like a mature adult i bought this tiger phil book by bob harry i was
reading it so i said listen i'm gonna go up there and i'm just gonna see if i can get through
customs and i'll figure it out on the other side i can't this room dude you couldn't get a water
you couldn't get a fucking meal come on buddy are you fucking serious couldn't get a water you couldn't get a fucking meal come on buddy are you fucking
serious couldn't get a water that's so there was a there was a there was a one of those things a
vending machine oh of course there was seven you know you know canadian candy like mars bars and
shit it's horrible i said listen man give me your number i'm gonna go through customs i'm gonna try
to go through customs if he lets me through i'll call you and number. I'm going to go through customs. I'm going to try to go through customs.
If he lets me through, I'll call you and I'll say, hey,
you can go through without having both your bags tagged because mine weren't.
So I walk out.
So this is now, dude, it's now, I don't know, seven.
It's like seven o'clock ish.
I go through, I go to U.S. customs.
I'm fully expecting this guy to be like, sorry, your bags haven't cleared.
Go back to that disgusting hellhole of a weight room. He lets me right through. I go to us customs. I'm fully expecting this guy to be like, sorry, your bags haven't cleared. Go back to that disgusting hell hole of a weight room. He lets me right through. I'm like,
okay, fine. This is good. So I called the kid. I'm like, yo, they let me through. He's like,
oh, great. Um, now mind you, I go and he calls me back where he goes, dude, they sent me back.
I'm like, oh, sorry, man. I don't know. Like, who knows? Who knows? This kid was so sad. He like thought he'd at least be able to get to the airport to have a beer or like wait. So I'm like oh sorry man i don't like who knows who knows this kid was so sad he like thought he'd
at least be able to get to the airport to have a beer or like wait so i'm like all right sorry man
good luck the guy still would text me off the hook i think he's still at pierce in this kid
so he so whatever all right now now what am i doing now i have to go to air canada instead of
the line in that hellhole waiting room, I have to go to Air Canada,
like whatever help desk. It was right in front of, if people know Pearson was right in front of this, this restaurant called Heath. That's what I'm trying to remember based on where I am,
based on like restaurants, this restaurant Heath. So I get in this line, dude, this line
is 400 people long. There is two people working okay oh my god
i'm just sitting in this line and i'm like people around there like what's going on what is this and
everyone's just like this is crazy like everyone's in such shock that there's nobody working and
the problem is i would so this girl behind me i was like hey let me go up and check some things
or let me go to the bathroom you hold my spock same for her like everyone's helping each other out in line
so i'm going up and watching this desk and and every person that goes up right they need to get
a new flight for the most time for the most part they need to get a hotel room they need to get
their vouchers so every time you go up there 20 air can a person it's like it's like 20 minutes
a person fucking crazy so it's like i'm like oh my Fucking crazy. So it's like, I'm like, Oh my God. I'm like,
what am I going to do? Like, am I going to like,
I'm like starting to think like, am I going to be here for 10 more hours?
Like, I don't think so, but like maybe.
So I would say like three to four hours goes by and this guy walks from behind
the desk and he gets to like the middle of the line. He's like, okay, well,
we're moving this. We're going to close this desk. We're going to move this.
Just follow me, follow me. And everyone's kind of like, Whoa,
flipping out and people in the front of the line are like, well,
I have to get in front of the people I've been ahead of, you know,
it's like such a gauntlet. And the guy just starts walking away.
So people start following him. But I, but I was like, well,
they haven't closed the desk yet.
There's still one person working there and a lot of people have left.
So I'll just kind of wait here. And like, I don't want to follow them right now. I don't even know where they're going. I'm in a line right now. And there's one person still working. I get up towards the frontish part of the line. Boom, window closed. But like basically like the DMVs closed. It's five o'clock. Suck it. Get your license tomorrow. Get home tomorrow. You piece of shit is what they said, basically. So then I'm like, all right, with the other people that kind
of stayed, I'm like, let's go try to find this other line. We walk. Then we went over to like.
It was like F-97, so it's like a different area. And I know this area because there was like a
pigeon Air Canada lounge, like there's the big air Canada lounge. And then this was like the pigeon one over in this little weird part of the equation or airport, the terminal one,
terminal one at Pearson, the worst place on earth. So, so, so I go there and then boom,
I'm just waiting. I'm waiting. I'm waiting another three hours. Say they close this desk.
Okay. Now mind you, dude, the line for Canadian customs
is now...
I sent a tweet.
If you could check out,
maybe Grinnelli can put the video,
the tweet.
Dude, the line for Canadian customs
had to be 500 people
and it was backed up.
So you go down an escalator
to like really where Canadian customs is.
It was up the escalator
way down the terminal.
I took a video.
So I was like, oh my God.
I'm like, no, no, we
don't have to wait in that. Right. We don't have to wait in that as they close. Do people are
flipping out? Woman's crying. I kept saying, oh my God, at least I don't have my kids with me.
People had kids during this, dude. They had their kids with them. And then these people,
as they close the desk, oh, sorry, sorry. Go down there. That'll help you. Just like the biggest
pass the buck, the biggest disgrace, the biggest, I'm not helping you. I don't care. Unbelievable situation of our lifetime. I said, oh my God,
I actually was like, no, no, no, no. We can't wait in that line. We've been waiting in line
for six hours at two different spots. Now we have to go clear through Canadian customs again. Sorry,
sorry. You'll figure it out. They just scatter off. I'm like, oh my God. So we go wait in the
Canadians customs lines. Now, lines now mind you dude we get
down to canadian customs and all these people are like whoa what are you guys doing what are you
like we were told to come down here we don't need we were just passed through american customs but
our flights are canceled and then they sent us back here to go see the main air canada desk
up at the original check-in where departures are where you'd go if you the cab dropped you off
they're like oh Oh, okay.
Like, so do people from our line are just like cutting in line because
they're just trying to get up to where you could get through Canadian
customs, like put your eye in the machine and get the tag.
But when I was there for the, for the, for the score bet,
that line was about, I would say an hour and 45,
two hours in that instance, I kept,
we were supposed to record the pod that night and that's
when we ended up backing it up because it took so long so you're telling me that you were in this
line and it sounds like where it started where those double doors are it was all the way up the
escalator and down the fucking terminal buddy if you look at my video go up that escalator from
the double doors and then go way down oh my goodness. Oh, my goodness. Like something out of a fucking novel
that this is like actually the case at this airport. So I get up to Canadian custom guy.
He's like, what are you doing? He's like, where did you come from? I'm like, dude, I came from
Edmonton. I went to U.S. Customs. They've been pigeon tossing me around for seven and a half
hours. And now I have to go back to see the Air Canada attendant at the main floor.
He's like, I don't know.
What are you talking about?
I'm like, you tell me.
I don't know.
I don't know.
That was the worst part.
We couldn't get an answer.
I was like, I just want an answer.
Everyone around me, like, we can't even get an answer.
It felt like we were being held hostage at this place.
So he lets me through Canadian Customs.
He's like, dude, now, mind you, now I'm OK. So I've been on my phone. I'm like, dude, now mind you now I'm okay. So
I've been on my phone. I'm like, I'm going to Buffalo. I'm getting my bags. I'm getting out
of this country and this airport. And I'm just going to, I'm going to get to Buffalo at 2 AM.
And I bought a jet blue flight at seven 30 in the morning from Buffalo to Boston. I'm like,
whatever. Even if I get there at 6 AM, I'll be fine. So I'm asking the guy after I get through
customs, you go downstairs while the bags are on.
I'm asking baggage guys.
I had like a hundred dollars.
I'm like,
can I get my bags here?
My bag tags.
He's like,
I don't know where your bags are.
One guy actually looked,
he's like,
dude,
I have no idea where your bags are.
I looked and I have no clue.
I'm like,
Oh my God.
So I'm still with like three other people I'd been in line with.
And we kind of stuck together as a team.
And I'm like,
all right,
let's go up to Air Canada
on the first floor. So we go up there now. Terminal one, main entrance, the main Air Canada
desk. There's 45 people in line. So I'm like, all right, well, we got another hour or so here.
OK, so I get up there. It's my turn. It's now 1 a.m. I said, I just need to get home. Can you just give me my bags and I'll be out of here.
I'll be out of your hair.
I know all of us people are such pains in the asses to you people.
I actually was super friendly.
The other guy was like, just give me my bags, please.
He's like, oh, no, no, no, no.
You can't have your bags.
I was like, why can't I have my bags?
He's like, well, your bags are stuck in kind of no man's land there.
You cleared American customs and now you're back in Canada and your bags, they can't go with you until you were to be like on the flight that your bags are now headed for.
I'm like, I don't have a flight.
What flight are you talking about?
So he said, all right, well, I'm sorry.
I cannot give you your bags, but I will get you a new flight for tomorrow morning.
I said, all right, well, listen, can I just go home and get my JetBlue from Buffalo?
I'm going to go to Buffalo and then you guys will send my bags tomorrow.
He goes, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no.
That's what he's saying.
No, no, no, no, no, no.
You can't you can't have your bags on a flight you're not on.
We could never send your bags on a flight you aren't on.
I said, well, what if I get on a flight and you don't put my bags on it and then you send them on the next
flight? What are you talking about? They're on a flight that I'm not on. He's like, no, but you
would have already flown on a flight and proven that you were willing to fly with your bags.
I'm like, oh, my God. I'm like, oh, my God. OK, what time is my flight tomorrow?
Oh my God. I'm like, Oh my God. Okay. What time's my flight tomorrow? I have a flight for you at eight 50, sir. I said, okay, great. What time do I need to be at the airport to get through customs?
Cause how crazy this place is. He goes, I'd be here at 5.00 AM. I'm like, all right. Three hours
and 50 minutes before the flight. I'll be here. In the meantime, I'd gotten a hotel. Thank you
so much to Kelsey and Caitlin Walker
and Kelsey Shaver at Barstool. They were helping me out the entire time. They got me the JetBlue.
They got me an airport hotel. Thankfully, they got me the airport, the hotel, the Sheridan,
because that thing was booked up. All these people, when I ended up getting there, went there
too. And the people at Sheridan are like, we have no rooms. So thank you so much to them.
so thank you so much to them um so all right now it's like 1 30 1 45 i go over to the sheridan i check in set my alarm for 4 30 because it's right there i wake up i go over i go over to
where they told me to check in she's like oh no no you're at the wrong spot i'm at number three
that that's domestic air can you got to go to number 12, the 12th column down there.
So now I'm running down because I'm just like, I just want to check into this flight and get through U.S. Customs because then I'll be in the gate and I'll be whatever.
I'll check my flight.
So I get there.
The woman says, you're not on this flight.
I'm like, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. I put my phone.
I said, no, I'm sweating already.
I'm like, this can't be happening.
I said, no, no, no, no.
I show her my Air Canada email.
850 lands in Bostonoston 1025 c2f no no no no sir um so about a couple hours ago you were switched on to a boston
to montreal and then a montreal to boston flight i said what our toronto toronto to montreal sorry
toronto montreal and then montreal Boston flight. I said, what?
But in my head, I'm like, all right, like, whatever.
I'm on that.
I'll just get home.
Just get me home.
But sorry, sir.
That flight leaves in 50 minutes.
You won't make it.
I said, no.
I'm laughing. I'm like hysterically laughing like crazy i'm like no no no you you know you stop messing with me you she's like what sir i said i never got an email i never
got a phone call i had this fight last night i left i i, I left this place four hours ago. I had this fight.
What did you switch me to Montreal? She said, I don't know. I don't,
I don't switch the fights. I said, no,
no.
So this guy comes over and he could tell dude, I am on like,
I'm like clockwork orange, insane, like losing my mind.
He like types in all this special thing he's like okay sir we got you on a 10 o'clock to boston i'm like thank you thank you
so much i then go through customs customs is about an hour and a half not too bad actually
i could get down to the gate and i'm waiting around and now it's 945. I'm at my gate. Okay. There isn't
a person from Air Canada at the gate. So you're supposed to board at what? 930 for a 10 o'clock
flight. Somebody finally shows up. In the meantime, I had a bunch of very, very helpful,
good people from Air Canada and Pearson, like DMing me like, Hey, I can help. So I met a guy
from Air Canada. He's like, dude, I'm going to help you out. So all of a sudden, right after I sent that video, a guy shows up. Mr. Whitney, Mr. Whitney. I'm like, yeah. Hey, how are you? I'm a concierge from Air Canada. How can I help? I go, I need to go home.
55 when are we boarding the flight it's just oh i don't know sorry sir there's an air canada flight that landed but they can't dock and get off the plane because there's no customs agents available
to take them for into canada customs i was like oh my god so we ended up boarding the plane about
11 30 took off at 12 and i got home at one o'clock so moral of the story is wake the fuck up, Canada.
My basically what I've been told and a bunch of people at the airport told me they have.
So they're so understaffed. Apparently, dude, I'm not getting political.
Every person told me these vaccine vaccine mandates that they've forced.
So many people can't work. They're not allowed to work if they're not vaccinated so i don't understand like what they're gonna do i i do it i actually
this guy there canada told me he's like dude this is gonna be way worse come july and august oh yeah
when everybody's fucking traveling he goes when holidays really start i actually don't know what
we're gonna do a guy told me hopefully june 30th they're getting rid of all these ridiculously
insane mandates they have for all these people and people will be able to work again. But I'll tell you right now,
there is not a crazier place in the world than Pearson Airport right now. There are no workers,
customs, Air Canada. It doesn't matter. Nobody works there and nobody can help you out.
And I'll say this, like the people who are there, they're doing the best they can. That's why it's hard to get upset at these people. It's not their fault. I don't even
know who to get upset at, but I know that millions of people have gone through what I went through.
Dude, there was a guy there that had been waiting 20 hours. He'd been waiting 20 hours to get to
Dallas, Texas. And it's like, I don't even understand what the hell that airport's going to do
if they don't get rid of mandates and allow these people to work again.
Because this is Canada's major hub.
Well, buddy, I say it's a monopoly, right?
Because Air Canada kind of runs the show and they basically control.
That's what Army told me. Army was texting me. This is a monopoly.
Just like cell phone services there.
And I know that with the
nurses who didn't want to get vaccinated, they
ended up firing a lot of them as well. My mother went
to the hospital, I think it was
two weeks ago. She had an inflamed
colon. She was in one of the worst pains of her
life. She goes there. It took her about
14 hours to see a doctor in a town
of 50,000 people. I think Welland
might actually be even 60,000 now.
One doctor working she showed
up in the afternoon didn't get seen till 2 2 a.m in the morning she had to go inside the car and
sleep for a little bit like it it was a it's it's a full-fledged joke it's a full-fledged joke the
leadership's not very good um as i mentioned about the cell phone services like people are playing
just for a direct line in canada like 150 170 dollars i have
like international plan the states it cost me like 100 bucks it's it's it's it's a it's it's a joke
man so and like you said like you said you didn't want to get political it's just like this is what
you're hearing from people you're talking to everyone there's telling me the same thing
everyone there so it's not even getting political it's just the way it is and obviously something needs to change and the fact
that the airport was like that you had to go through that is an absolute shit show and i mean
fuck um ra merles grinnell when you guys landed when you guys were coming in for that score bet
app launch in toronto how long did you have to wait in the customs line? I've been so lucky.
I don't mean to rub it in right now,
but I was so lucky I walked right through.
Oh, okay. You're the best.
Yeah, the score bet.
I was two and a half hours in the customs line
on that score bet.
Yeah, there you go.
So the other great part of this is like,
I was talking to Mark Mathot and some other guys.
They're like, dude,
it's like the Ministry of Travel or some guy, this goon.
I looked at this guy.
He's an absolute clown.
He says all the weights.
He's blaming the travelers in Canada, these guys.
These politicians are blaming the travelers, saying people forgot how to travel over COVID when they didn't.
They're not ready to take their belts off.
They're not ready to get their computers out.
Dude, these these people you travelers
are causing these delays not our ridiculously insane mandates that i'm not joking could ruin
canada how much does canada thrive on tourism in the summers dude nobody's gonna go to this place
you can't go to pearson i'm telling you if you go to pearson you're the craziest motherfucker out
there i could have flown from edmonton to Ireland, played a round of golf,
then gone to Boston in a quicker time than I went from Edmonton to Boston
through Pearson.
So we can move on to the hockey, but I'll never step foot again in that airport.
I'll walk to Canada before I go to Pearson.
Absolutely no way to treat a former NHL tough guy at all.
Did you see that article and NHL tough guys.
Now the one take taking the beatings from Pearson.
Oh, I love it.
I love it.
I should have led with that quote.
What was it?
What was the one you had this place disgusting?
Or it's some of mankind.
The quote they put that you had in all the stories.
I thought it was hilarious.
I forget what it was.
One of your typical fucking.
I love to. So like then it turned into like privileged white boy athlete complaining.
It's like,
okay.
Anyone in my shoes would have been complaining as well.
And by the way,
like I love the other comments.
Try going to Ukraine.
You say that's the worst place on earth.
I don't know,
dude,
I'll tell you right now,
if you're actually comparing me calling Pearson,
the worst place on earth to Ukraine, you're actually comparing me calling pierce in the worst place
on earth to ukraine you're the biggest loser on the internet the way i look at it we had such a
good time on the trip that was just the fun tax you had to pay for us all with yeah that was the
for shaving my head you fuck i paid the piper hard well you didn't get fucking diddled by tsa
like i did fucking leave in town.
I would have rather gotten diddled by some enormous guy at TSA than what I did.
He could tickle my balls.
I could care less.
Dude, you know, the thing you stand in, like you put your arms up and everything goes around.
Well, they didn't call me in, but usually just walk and stand there.
And I kind of looked at guys like, oh, you moved.
So we got to pat you down.
I'm like, I can't just like go right back inside.
He's like, nope.
Do you want a private screen? And'm like no dude like i'd sweat
dude like he didn't like grab my shit but like my shit got touched dude it's so fucking creepy
dude like the strangers like pat you down and he fucking his hands come in contact with you
fucking genitals it's fucking it's horrifying you feel like so fucking violated man it's like
like you really i don't have a bomb on me, dude. I'll put my pants down. I was fucking.
All right, you should sue Pearson.
Let's get him back.
Oh, this was Logan, man.
This was Logan.
But then one of the other TSA guys was wicked nice.
He was a chicklets listener.
So it worked out fine.
But what, so what's it take you, what, 26 hours from when you left?
So I left Edmonton at, I don't know, like 2 noon Eastern.
And then, yeah, I got home at like 1 15 so 20 25 hours yeah i i actually lucked out because when i got to toronto biz my flight was canceled as well
like i left i think one o'clock edmonton time in the morning and i got to toronto your flight's
canceled that's when you texted me what did you get here yet and i was like oh shit what am i
gonna do now and they're like oh we'll send you to Newark and then Newark
to Boston I was like all right that flight was earlier so I get to Newark there's three Boston
flights mine got pushed to like 2 30 but there was one taken off in like 15 minutes so I did
the fucking OJ through the airport I mean ran through the airport I didn't kill two people
did the fucking run through the airport I'm like buddy is this full he's like do you got any bags
I'm like I don't have to check anything he's like, you're on. So I actually got home
an hour before you did, Whit.
And you left what?
Like 16 hours after me?
Probably about 12 or 13 hours
after you. What a joke. Well, we can get to the hockey now.
We can stop bitching about airports.
But unreal story, Whit.
I'll never stop bitching about that.
Alright, gang. First off, the pink
stuff. It was flowing all the way from Denver to Edmonton last week
during our Western Conference finals trip.
I don't know who whacked more nips back,
Merle's or G.
Which one of yous did it, Merle?
Probably you, Merle's.
You like to whack that stuff back.
G was pushing the pace on me.
I would say he probably snuck a few extra ones in,
but we were headed ahead for a while.
Well, either way,
you ought to get your mitts on some delicious pink Whitney this summer.
You're having a pool party, few friends over.
If you're just going to go to the bar,
you can serve it as a chilled shot or mix it with club soda for a nice
little cocktail.
Either way,
enjoy the five times distilled vodka infused with fresh pink lemonade
flavor.
Good stuff.
The old pink Whitney boys.
What a, what a slob.
And I didn't know if you want to get into the pre stuff we did before the games right into the games i know we got a lot when i got home i was
so tired i like said hi to the dogs i crossed on the couch fucking woke up like five hours later
i'd pissed my couch that's how fuck i didn't even wake up sober piss of the fucking well i mean you
could say sober but i still think i was banged up from from the entire week.
Fucking good. I got back.
I got back.
So I got back at one o'clock.
It was it's my wife's birthday.
Happy birthday, honey.
I went to bed at 8 p.m.
I got out of bed yesterday at 3 p.m.
She kept coming in.
I'm like, I can't swallow.
I have the Pearson.
I'm like, I can't swallow.
I have the Pearson.
Maybe it was that chug I did of Pink Whitney on the big screen at Rex at Rogers place, though, that crushed me.
I didn't know we'd be on the big screen for 45 seconds.
I just kept swinging.
That's when G overtook me in the Pink Whitney race on the weekend, too.
Yeah, I was instantly drunk after that.
I was 100 percent instantly drunk after that i was 100 instantly
drunk all right now for the old airport stories they can get a little boring after a while but
what you put on an epic show i think you're over two two million views i last saw so who knows
maybe you'll make some changes happen up in canada but we do got a guest coming a little bit later
john michael lyles we had him on about four years ago does uh some avalanche analyst work
runs the alumni does a lot of real estate classic character great interview so we'll bring him on about four years ago does uh some avalanche analyst work runs the alumni does a lot of real
estate classic character great interview so we'll bring him on a little later but first we want to
talk about actually the weekend before we even get into the hockey like i said we did a lot of
travel and wednesday we got into the watch party at avante uh great time everybody who came out
as always we have tremendous support of course we're in states that are uh cannabis friendly
people are very friendly with uh me and Biz in particular with that stuff.
And then Biz, was that not the wackiest dinner we've ever gone to that Wednesday night?
Oh, my God.
I completely forgot about that.
Oh, we had this fucking waiter.
He was something else.
He walked away twice from us as we were speaking to him.
Yeah, we don't really need to get into another
complaining bit here but uh yeah we had but going back to the the watch party um awesome awesome
fans in colorado we we were happy that we could all get there i know that you and uh you and
granelli had gone to that outdoor game there but this is the first time we'd all been there and
um we want to thank not only the bar but all the people that showed up to do the live watch between Tampa and New
York for game one. And you know, it's, it's, it's awesome seeing you guys.
And all right.
I don't really think it matters if it's a cannabis friendly state.
I think we always have people with fucking bat showing up and smoking.
That was insane though. Yeah.
It was like a giant cloud of smoke everywhere i looked all right i was like
where's all right i just see him walk out of a cloud of smoke i mean avanti too what a bar i mean
they get the bottom floor they get the top floor cool views outdoor area great spot a lot of rangers
fans everywhere i'll say that about them. Those people represent, I think,
wherever you are. Because when the Rangers
scored, I was motherfucking everyone.
And those people were probably the loudest ones at
Avanti. No Lightning fans there,
which I understand. Rangers fans are just
OGs. Yeah, we had a great time at Avanti.
Had a little dinner after that. Thursday night was
the Western Conference Finals Game 2.
We were in the luxury box there. And we
had a rumor, I guess not a rumor.
We were told the night before Apple co-founder Steve Wozniak
was going to be in the box.
I was like, oh, really?
It's kind of like, all right, man, I don't doubt you,
but I kind of want to see it first before I know what's going to happen.
Lo and behold, there he is, the creator of Apple,
sitting down in the box, and our friend Marty, a mutual,
well, I guess the guy who knows Wozniak, told us he was coming.
I pulled out an old picture of me with the computer he invented like 35 years ago.
He's like, oh, you got to show Woz.
You got to show Woz.
So I was like, twist my arm, buddy.
And I went over and his face biz lit up like a Christmas tree.
It was like his baby.
Like he invented this thing like 40 years ago, the Apple IIc.
So he was like wicked psyched to take a picture with him.
And they were goofing on me.
I think, what did you say when he's down there telling that?
No, Sean, I go, what do you think R.A.'s telling this guy right now?
And Sean, our cameraman, goes, he's probably he's probably asking him, who's a better computer maker? down there telling that no sean i i go what do you think ra is telling this guy right now and sean
our cameraman goes he's probably he's probably asking him who's a better computer maker you
were bill gates with a little play on words with you telling gretzky oats was better
fucking hilarious all right now so what's the backstory like what did he exactly help out
do for apple in order to create the computer? Was he the one?
I think he was more technician-wise than Jobs.
Yeah, he was more the nuts and bolts, the actual putting the computer together,
the idea about it, where I think Jobs is more like the physical aspect of it.
He basically built the guts of it.
Like, the Apple II was the first one, then the Apple IIe,
and then I had the Apple IIc.
It was like a briefcase.
You could carry it around with you.
And I had that when I was, like, like 13 or 14 that was an awesome computer and yeah he literally like
was the creator of it so when i showed him a picture his face lit up like a like a proud
parent he was so psyched to take a picture of it so i don't think anybody's um like you know
crying for this guy probably given with what his net worth is but was he kind of shafted on maybe
what he received based on what he'd done
for apple well i'll just hop in and say because we were all sitting there i'm like holy shit up
because i think ari you were telling me yeah he's co-founder of apple i was like what so i googled
his net worth and it was a hundred million i'm like a hundred million that's it because i you
know like granted that's it sounds a little nuts. But when you co-founded Apple, I thought it would say 2 billion or something.
It was 100 million, and apparently Jobs just ended up hosing this guy.
It sounds very similar in what I read.
And I'm sure people will tell me if I'm incorrect.
But it sounds very similar to what that loser who started Facebook.
What's his name?
Oh, yeah.
Zuckerberg.
That creep.
It sounds like what he did to the kid. What's his name? Oh, yeah. Zuckerberg. That creep. It sounds like what he did to the kid.
What's his name, G?
Eduardo. He kind of
sounds like Eduardo, like just getting
completely hosed by another
guy who's a little higher up. That was my
analogy. That's a good analogy.
Yeah, I don't think he was as cutthroat as Jobs
and the money might not have been as much
of a priority, but either way, he's a
huge figure in American pop culture. also too uh marty brought back a pride over a
couple of disabled american veterans who are also that was awesome i want to give him a shout out
brandon adam uh rob eastley and jerry devol uh great guys it was an honor to meet hang out would
have a few cocktails with them uh hockey players that a couple of them are trying to get on the
sled hockey team the national team i know and they would just psych to hang out and take pitches with
biz and uh gretzky after the show and well to the national team, I know. And they were just psyched to hang out and take pitches with Biz
and Gretzky after the show.
Well, to tie it all back together, R.A.,
that's when we had Milan Heyduk on, and it was Marty Richardson,
and he does Dog Nation.
And he was the one who, you know, he even ended up showing up
to Edmonton as well and bringing in some of the Humboldt Broncos survivors
over down to the TNT set so we could say hello.
We ended up meeting him afterward in the lobby of the JW as well.
So I'll throw it back over to you already,
but he's obviously doing some great stuff.
And well,
they actually put together a nice check for Ben Seltzer,
the kid who the Oilers have been rallying around this season,
who was diagnosed with a brain tumor and Marty and dog nation in the
Humboldt Broncos put together a big check for Ben and his family to help pay for medical expenses for the past.
So Marty, that's awesome. That's awesome.
How about how about so of the three disabled vets, two of them were in wheelchairs.
The other guy's walking around. He's kind of behind the wheelchairs.
I'm meeting all these guys. And I said to the guy standing up, I said, so how do you know these two?
And he goes, bro, look at my legs. and he had no legs he had fake legs i was like oh shit i'm sorry i didn't know
that good i was just like oh my god i apologize i just didn't even look down that he had fake legs
but those guys were unbelievable they were so fired up they wore they had chiclet shirts on
and they didn't even know that we were there or that they were going to be meeting us.
So it was,
it was awesome to meet those guys.
Legends.
Yeah.
Great guys.
It's an honor to hang with folks like that.
And they were fun,
man.
They were genuinely fun guys to shoot.
The shit wouldn't hang out.
And plus they're hockey guys too.
So it made it even better.
So let's see.
Yeah,
that was Thursday night.
We got on the Jumbotron.
We were one for one on the Jumbotrons after the first night.
Then the next night,
this was the big thrill for you,
for your boy here, private jet to Canada. And and man i know why people get addicted to these like the fact you
just roll into a parking lot get on a plane fly wherever get out get in a lamborghini and drive
to edmonton like it's the total fucking opposite of what me and which is how to deal with with
sunday it was like it's like i can't believe i'm in a foreign country right now and i i texted
somebody my passport three days ago.
It's fucking wild, man.
I couldn't believe it, but awesome stuff.
I mean, the other guys that we shared with Karen and his buddies,
they were hilarious, but you know,
they were strangers when they got on a plane and like 10 minutes later,
crack a couple of beers.
And it was like, God, like we knew each other for years and then getting out.
And they like, Oh, we got a Lamborghini, a Mercedes.
And like the cat, I was like, Oh, I'll go on the Lambo so uh kieran klotz kid from uh who lives in edmonton right now they do
actually a private car club um the reason i know him is he approached me a couple years ago and
we ended up doing a couple commercials that have not came out yet for a company called why buy
now there was one partner who's now since been released from the company. They
figured it all out. And we're hoping that in the next month, maybe six weeks here that we release
these two commercials. Now these have been held hostage and I cannot wait for these things to
come out. This was early days, biz and Pasha going to work a sound guy from biz does BC got a cameo
in the second commercial. Uh, we actually have Matt Barzell in the first commercial right after his Calder trophy victory,
after his rookie year in the NHL.
I pray that these things are going to see the light of day.
Right now what they're doing is they're fixing the website,
and they hopefully have it up here, as I mentioned, in the next month,
and then we're going to release the commercials uh back-to-back weeks i think each commercial is about three minutes long and very similar in in uh in hopefully in comedy
i mean it depends how you receive it to the watson gloves so we love when we get to work
with companies that allow us to do our own thing and have creative control so i'm praying in the
next six weeks these things see the light of day and we get these Y by things
up so that's how we know this Kieran Klotz we got to thank him for getting the PJ set up
and of course for lining up the box in Edmonton I'll hand it back over to you RA so when we were
waiting for the private jet um I called in a pick central at Boston Mitz he was doing the show he
asked me to call in and talk hockey and uh he's like I don't really know too much about this hockey
but it looked to me like the Edmonton defense and goaltend stinks.
So I was like, I was like, yeah, pretty much.
So I look in like a couple of the Edmonton players,
families were flying out.
So like they were literally three feet away.
I'm like, I can't talk about this.
Like I'll sound like such an asshole.
So I had to go in between the sliding doors that like went out to the
terminal.
So like I was in between the doors going out to the terminal and the
doors going into that little building where you'd go to the bathroom
before.
Yeah.
You don't want to be like an asshole.
Like I had this date because they were terrible, yeah you don't want to be like an asshole like yeah this day because they were terrible but you don't want to be like
disrespectful so for the most part when i've flown private you have the hanger and like inside
there's like whatever stuff to do they had this ridiculous massage chair oh my god i could have
sat in that thing for hours and you cannot go out to the runway usually like you go to the runway
usually it's kind of locked until it's time to go out and board your plane well for some reason you could walk out there and i just walked outside to get
a little fresh air i see ra in the middle of the runway just ripping a bone i'm like what the fuck
all right i'm like i don't know if that's kosher and then like a pilot's like hey buddy just move
over to the side there i'm like oh my god. I guess in Colorado you can do anything you want.
So I figured Colorado, you'd smell his weed all over the place.
That was the second one.
He didn't say nothing on the first one, though.
Oh, buddy, we were on the TNT set, like doing the game outside,
like the pregame and postgame stuff.
That's all you could smell was weed.
People were just like blowing it in our faces.
Those guys are great.
They set everything up for us, but they did
get away with some of our money on the plane.
We ended up playing a
team past the ace game
and the chicklets guys, we got five
of us. They only got three guys. We figure we're
going to get our drinking money for the week.
But the one guy
took down Sean in the finals and they
got away with a little bit of our money in the finals
took down. Oh, yeah. I got away with a little bit of our money in the finals. Took down.
Oh yeah.
I had a couple too many beers,
I guess on that plane.
I,
and we actually have,
we got a vlog that,
that details all of this Colorado experience.
It dropped on Monday and we have another vlog that's coming out Thursday that will detail the whole Edmonton experience,
private jet and everything.
And past the ACE,
past the ACE is such a great game to pass time that Merle's and I,
and all of us will,
we'll do a video in New York city during the finals on how to play past
the ACE,
because what a game those guys didn't even know how to play.
Of course they win.
Yeah.
I came up with the idea and I got out first too.
That's what always happens.
And going back to those vlogs,
DHM detox really stepped up and helped us execute a lot of this stuff
throughout the week for this trip.
They are the ones who sponsored the vlog.
So we got to thank them.
DHM Detox, you can go there.
The vitamin for people that drink.
They have the hydration replenisher.
Gee, I don't know if you have any other information you want to drop about the product, but you'll see it on the vlog.
And make sure you subscribe and watch that video that he's talking about.
Yeah. I just thought it was funny in the vlog.
You just walking down the street, just handing it out to everyone being like,
Hey, you look like a guy that drinks, take this.
You look like a guy that drinks, take this. So great brand integration biz.
Yep. All right. Let's see. Friday night. We had the meet and greet at Greta.
Thanks again, everybody over there who hooked us up. Just again,
tremendous service everywhere, everywhere we were all weekend.
Casey had terrific staff there.
Also, all the TNT folks who come by.
I think it was Liam come by.
I somehow missed those guys.
I was inside talking to people.
I didn't even catch the.
Yeah, Liam McHugh and Anson Carter came and showed up.
Obviously, the other guys.
It was a little bit chaotic in Edmonton, but unreal guys
and had a wonderful time working with them in my
first year true professionals and uh and couldn't thank them enough for everything they did for me
and uh and and the fact that they showed up to that event is pretty awesome and it just kind of
shows the kind of guys they are it was kind of crazy I came back to our section at one point and
I saw Kirby Doc and his brother standing there as well so it was great to see Kirby and catch up
with him drop a couple f-bombs as you know he likes to do and uh Tristan J there as well. So it was great to see Kirby and catch up with him, drop a couple F-bombs, as you know he likes to do.
And Tristan Jari as well.
It was great to see Tristan Jari there as well.
Yeah, he's a good dresser, that Tristan Jari.
Handsome fella.
I sent a video to Kirby Doc and his brother's dad.
I was with both of them.
I didn't know Kirby's brother's second-round pick to the Blackhawks,
really good player himself.
So it was great seeing him.
I didn't see Tristan Jari,
but I was fucking John Lennon walking around Greta.
I was fucking, I was like, the sun has returned to Edmonton.
I must've taken 4,000 pictures.
I just kept yelling, where's Merles?
Where's Merles?
I'd look for him in a Gretzky jersey.
I couldn't even find him.
He was getting swarmed as well.
What a group of fans the Edmonton Oilers have.
There was more let's go Oilers chants going on at Greta
than I thought there would be at the game the next night.
Yeah, and I would describe Edmonton's fan base
as the Green Bay Packer fan base.
Rabid.
Rabid.
They're the Green Bay Packers of the NHL.
Yeah, very passionate.
Great turnout.
Everyone was awesome, man.
I think of all the cities
we've been to it you know every you know every each year we seem to get more and more edmonton
probably after boston that's i think the biggest pop we've that was that was the craziest meet and
greet we've ever had by a mile yeah dronelli that you couldn't wasn't even close that was
10x what we've ever done before well wait till we, wait till we go to the outdoor game in Boston.
And we come back,
come back to where the,
the,
the podcast originated.
I would imagine that we can move the needle just like that,
but it was an amazing showing.
And we want to thank all you Oilers fans for coming out and showing us
love.
And we can't wait to get back there.
And of course,
Ari,
I'm sure you've already summarized it,
but all of that was brought to you by pink Whitney.
We want to do that. when we go out on the road
everywhere. We want to show love to our fans
and you guys show it right back. So
great beating the wheels off you guys in bubble hockey.
Now,
you took a beating.
But not
by Merle's. Okay.
Merle's is
legitimately the best ever. I think he's the
Wayne Gretzky of bubble hockey.
I normally spank everyone.
He spanked me.
I would put him up and back it with money to go up against any fucking bubble hockey player.
When we go on the road from now on and we do these live events, it should be mandatory that we have a traveling bubble hockey.
I agree.
Or they have to provide one.
And you have to pay like five bucks and it goes to charity to play Merle's
best.
So I played him before you and I was,
cause I'm pretty good.
I would think.
And he went up one,
nothing on me so quick.
And every time I'd get the puck,
he'd get it back.
And so all of a sudden,
somehow the game broke and I was like,
Oh no,
I'm good.
I'm going to go meet some more people.
Cause I knew I go,
I will get killed by him.
So I just quit.
He ruined me. Six, one, six, two. He was going to go meet some more people because I knew. I go, I will get killed by him. So I just quit. He ruined me.
6-1, 6-2.
He was doing bank passes behind the net to the guy in the slot.
I was like, what the fuck?
Hey, don't give all the tricks away here.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
They're going to watch the vlog to see a scouting report.
They're going to be doing game tape.
I was a little nervous.
I haven't played in a couple of years, and I'm talking trash.
And, you know, the Pink Whitney was flowing that night, so I was a little nervous. I haven't played in a couple of years and I'm talking trash. And, you know, the Pink Whitney was flowing that night.
So I was a little nervous, but I was so happy when the first game six won.
And then you complain.
You thought I had like the table tilted or something the wrong side.
So we switched sides and it went six to.
So I'm proud as a peacock right now in my bubble hockey game.
You should realistically do tournaments for that.
Like legit.
There has to be probably like legit like events for bubble hockey game. You should realistically do tournaments for that. Like legit. There has to be probably like legit, like events for bubble hockey.
Yeah. I played in one in college. Actually.
It was a two man tournament though.
And we, it was all in the bars in the capital district of Albany.
We lost in the finals. If we had won that game,
we were going to go to a New Jersey devil's game and play during an
intermission on the ice against the New Jersey state champion.
But me and my buddy Coops lost and, you know, it was, it was heartbreaking, and play during an intermission on the ice against the New Jersey state champion.
But me and my buddy Koops lost, and, you know, it was heartbreaking.
But the wins against Biz have made me feel better.
Oh, Saturday, I think, was probably the main event on Saturday, Biz.
I mean, this is the reason we were here, the haircut.
I know the games are going on, but you had to pay your debt.
Everybody says, oh, he's not going to do it. And then we were all set up.
We were at the, what's it, the JW Hotel waiting for it to happen outside.
Did they move it inside because of the weather?
Is that or was it?
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
The weather and just the craziness overall.
And and I wanted to do it out in the moss pit.
But the problem was, is they had the truce playing.
So they booked a band and actually the TNT crew found out like I think it was the night before, like 10 p.m.
So instead of doing the pre-game
outside we had to move that to inside and then we ended up doing the post game outside i think
talk at a beer can chucked at him and i think that was the end of doing anything outside in the moss
pit but uh because of all the sound and stuff i was hoping that maybe they would stop playing the
music and then we could do it out there right in the middle but i think it worked out perfectly
there was an amazing video and pictures that came out afterward. And I'm sure most of you people have seen it. But once again, man, the fact that TNT was willing to incorporate all the spit and chickle stuff and make it all work and get the barber's chair. And of course, we have to say thank you to Haley, who.
Um, so I was hoping that we were going to find a barber that could execute it and then make it look nice after the original shave.
And then, uh, Ryan Frankson of the Edmonton Oilers, he works in PR and he helped line
up this girl, Haley and me and my, my business partner, Jeff Jacobson.
We ended up FaceTiming her to like, you know, kind of go over what she has to do.
And as soon as the FaceTime was answered, we were like, you're hired.
So she was
just an absolute doll and obviously great on camera so she was the one who was able to to
execute it all so it looked great as far as a visual you had all the crazy edmonton fans and
we got to thank ra who kept getting all the chants going and really got the morale that whole crowd
uh to surround the barber's chair yeah we were concerned like by moving it inside,
it wasn't going to have the same atmosphere because a lot of people come
and go, where is it? Where is it?
And I had to like, we had to break the news to him.
Like, ah, it's going to be inside.
And, you know, it wasn't our call.
They knew it was, you know, TNT calls.
They weren't mad.
They were just a little disappointed, but they were going to see it on TV.
And yeah, we were sitting there.
I'd start banging.
If new crowd would come, they let's go oil is shave his head.
Let's go oil is shave his head, banging on the walls anders, shave his head. Banging on the walls and shit.
Yeah, just to keep the people pumped up and revved up.
And they were ready to go, man.
And when you see Whit come out, Whit, you should have been a WWF wrestler.
You played a perfect heel out there.
I love at one point how they were like, shave his head was chanted over and over.
And then a little play on words to when they're in Game of Thrones and they say shame shame shame they just
slowly started saying shave shave shave like these angry foaming at the mouth Oilers fans and then I
got to do it now dude I have to apologize to you apparently I was like ripping your head to shreds
in the middle of shaving it the girl was like dude you're killing him right now and I was like
what I looked down at you're like ah for about. And I was like, what? And I looked down at you like, ah, for about six stripes.
I was trying to remain calm and act as if nothing was hurting me.
And then finally I was like, all right, that's enough.
Hand over the goddamn shaver.
I know I would.
I know you just gave the Edmonton crowd some props, but they were incredible.
I know they haven't had a Western Conference final in 16 years.
I thought they were way louder than Denver. And that's not a distant denver denver was the second game they
had to wait so you so you guys were there for denver game two game one was way louder just
in midst of all the chaos in the 8-6 game i don't think that there was that type of uh
what was the game in denver game two four nothing yeah so I mean it was I mean I thought Edmonton played
really well in the first period it was a zeros or the way it was a zero zero after one and then it
was just that two minute stretch of goals it was three goals in two minutes three goals in two
minutes by the second line in Caudry and then that's what when you kind of saw that wave of
craziness and then after that it was pretty much shut down defense,
which we didn't really see in game one.
So to Colorado fans defense, if you were there for game one,
it was obviously very loud.
Edmonton was just a different story.
These people eat, breathe, and sleep hockey.
Yeah, it was bananas.
And I think the awesomest thing was the old Canada.
Wasn't that awesome?
The first, most awesome?
Whatever.
So when the whole fucking crowd sings sings and obviously I'm not Canadian,
but you feel Canadian when you sing it when this is what,
16,
18,000 people singing in Udyssey and like that,
that's awesome stuff,
man.
That was really cool stuff.
And they,
they popped us on the jumbotron as well in a TNT biz where they,
well,
they had you with the new shaved head.
Oh,
Jones.
He's call.
Why don't we play it?
Go ahead, G.
Yeah.
There's Ryan Whitney and these fitting chicklet boys.
They had to have.
Biz shave his head tonight.
They're drinking some pink Whitney there.
We're admirals there.
And there's Biz getting that head shave.
Left a little bit on the corners there.
Oh, you got to take it all the way to the wood.
You can't leave stuff on the side like that, can you?
Jonesy's the best.
The best.
I mean, I know you keep thanking him,
but for them to throw us on there and like Jonesy to be calling us out,
that's awesome.
And I know Merle's got to meet Jonesy the next day, I think, when we left.
He's just, everyone listened to his interview with us.
He's one of the nicest people I've ever met.
He's funny as hell.
And for him to kind of chuck our names out there on the broadcast,
that was pretty big.
Yeah, absolutely hilarious.
I might get in text like crazy.
Something I didn't know was going to happen.
But again, we're on the Jumbotron again.
Let's see, Saturday.
What else we have Saturday?
Oh, me and Biz, we bumped into Jared Bedden,
a head coach of Colorado.
Had a chat with him.
He's a great guy, huh, Biz?
What a G.
The way he's handled himself through these playoffs
with the press conferences, the momentum swings.
I mean, mind you, they've been pretty fucking solid on the road.
I think they've only lost two games overall.
But the issue that went on with Kadri in the St. Louis series,
now, of course, with them losing Kadri,
and he is just like, guys like he is the fucking man and
he's earned everything that he's gotten
I'm going to be
rooting for Colorado because I like to see new
people win it and I know that's not how it all works
but he would be
the only coach in NHL history
or hockey history excuse me to win
a Kelly Cup which is the
ECHL championship the Calder
Cup in the AHL and then of course a Kelly Cup, which is the ECHL championship, the Calder Cup in the AHL, and then, of course, a Stanley Cup.
And, you know, he's kind of had to earn his stripes at every level.
Sorry, guys, the brain's not clicking.
No, our brains are mush right now.
I wet my fucking couch.
So, Coop got USHL, AHL, and NHL, but he didn't get East Coast League?
Who? Coop? No, I think he got USHL, AHL, and NHL, but he didn't get East Coast League? Who?
Coop?
No, I think he got USHL and ended up bouncing up,
and he got hired by Norfolk Admirals.
I got to give one more shout-out.
My buddy Brad Tuchek, great guy.
I got to know him through Sean Horkoff and Mike Comrie
when I played for the Oilers.
He's a member at Royal Mayfair.
So Saturday morning I went out with him and two of his buddies, LaChance and Maynard,
and we kicked the shit out of them.
I actually shot 69.
So a legit round the morning of the Edmonton Oilers game three.
We took 400 bucks, easy pickings.
But I wanted to thank the pro at Royal Mayfair.
We're sending them a bunch of merch because I guess guests aren't allowed to play at 9 a.m so they let me get out there but beautiful
golf course i'd never played it and thanks a lot to toots and the reason we sound maybe a little
bit hoarse was uh a lot of us saw the cactus club for the first time spent some time there saturday
night that's the is that like the place to go in edmonton every saturday hey here's a story for you
so when i was playing for the coyotes they just opened up
this uh cactus club in edmonton and actually i knew caitlin bristow from vancouver she's the one
who ended up going on the on the bachelor uh she ended up like becoming the bachelorette now she's
like famous she did dancing with the stars and everything so me and boyd gordon went over there
because she actually went to that location to help open it up for six months and me and gordo um ended up going to sit there all afternoon and
night drinking that jay lower wine and we must have crushed four or five bottles of wine together
then we ended up i think going over to the pint afterward but i got so fucking buckled at this
cactus club because all it is is smoke show waitresses and all these dudes just staying
around and at the time when they opened it they used to play the victoria's secret fashion shows
on the television so we'd just be staring there at fucking rockets walking up and down the runway
and crushing bottles of wine so i don't even remember getting home that night all i all i
remember is waking up at about 10 45 and keep in mind we're on the ice at 11 15 and it was my trainer being like biz you
got to get to the ring what a panic oh buddy so i fucking jump out of bed there is red puke all over
my hotel room everywhere but i'm still i still feel like i'm drunk so finally i get over to the
rink and they just ended up and ended a meeting. We're on the ice in like what, 15, 10, 15 minutes.
I throw my gitch bag on.
I'm drunk out there during practice and tip,
tip being the awesome coach that he has.
He's like, Hey, he goes, I know that you were out with Goro last night.
I knew you knew you weren't playing.
It's all good.
You're probably just blowing off some steam.
He's like, but I do have to set an example and bag you.
After the practice, I had to bag see for 45 minutes still drunk one of
the craziest fucking awful days of my life in the national hockey league but these cactus clubs are
what drive the bus in these small towns in canada or i guess you could say big towns because it the
way they run it the way they feed you the booze and of course the cocktail servers are just absolute
missiles so
thank you to cactus club i think i went there three times while i was in edmonton this trip
i never had the wit introduced me to the bellini in the beer that is incredible that's not something
people do here in america that was unbelievable even bellini here that's the only place i've ever
had it i don't even know what bellini is i must have drank 25 25 Bellini beers when I was at this Cactus Club this week.
We were hammering those before the Greta event,
watching the Rangers' lightning game two.
Well, before we get to the NHL stuff,
the Oil Kings were very gracious to invite me and Biz to their game Sunday.
I know you guys had to leave early and couldn't make it.
Biz, that was amazing.
Boys, I was  I mean, we just talked about all the alcohol we were consuming.
I was fucked up.
And Sunday was like really my only day off during this whole trip.
And I wake up and in 99, I got him stored in my phone.
Congrats.
He's like, he asked me so kindly too.
I'm actually going to read it to you guys.
He didn't tell me to do it.
He just asked me, he goes, Hey bud, I don't want to bother you.
Are you still good to go to the junior game to read the starting lineup
for the kids?
The coach is pretty excited.
They would want you to do it.
So, obviously, I'm not going to say no to 99.
So, I'd fucking go down to the bar at the JW.
I'd crush a couple cocktails.
I'd smoke a little weed and then, you know, kind of get ready.
And then I was a little bit nervous.
But then, fuck, they gave me the beat.
The beat was everything I kind of get ready. And then I was a little bit nervous, but then fuck, they gave me the beat.
The beat was everything I needed to get going.
And then was able to execute the starting lineup. And yeah, Wayne, Wayne, Wayne's the fucking man boys.
And I tell you what, as soon as we landed at Edmonton, he was like, we got to go watch
both these junior games.
All he wants to do is watch hockey.
He loves the city of Edmonton and he just wants to
show them love so it was a pretty cool thing to get to go there and hang out in kate's box and
watch the game and they ended up winning 5-4 and um they're uh they were off to seattle i don't
know how game three went but they're currently in the western hockey league finals uh fighting
what do you what do you want to say they won four they won four nothing last night there you go so
they're up to one in in the Western Conference Finals.
So hopefully the little pregame fucking dance routine got them going
and they go off and win the Western League.
Why don't I play it right now, Biz, actually?
All right.
Hey, man.
Hey.
How we doing?
Hey.
I just wanted to come in and wish you guys all good luck.
I want to tell you something really unique.
Every NHL player always brags about
winning the Memorial Cup. So it's a
big thing. Good luck to you guys.
And I know
you've had a great year. I wish
you the best. Have fun. And I've
got a special friend that's going to introduce
your starting lineup for you guys.
Uh-oh!
Give him a beat!
Give him a beat! Give him a beat.
Oh, I get the beat.
Boys, this morning Wayne texted me and said,
you're coming to read the lineup card for the boys.
I said, absolutely, and I love that I got the beat.
Starting on left wing, B.J.
Starting on center ice, Sorkin.
On the right side, Coyote Prospect. Starting at center ice, Soar TV!
On the right side, Coyote Prospect, Big Mouth Gunda!
On left defense, we got Boo!
On right defense, we got Copper!
And all part of the eyes are planned, starting at 10, goes south.
That's the best I've ever seen.
You deserve a lifetime deal at TNT.
I didn't want to let you down.
There you go. So that was just a great way to fucking cap all the week off with all the viral shit that we had going on.
And I know we've had a lot of thank yous and stories about the week, guys,
but it was a very special week in the Chicklets book.
So we're going to keep capping this off,
and then we'll get to the hockey talk.
Biz, we also have to thank Luke Prokop,
the Nashville Predators prospect who plays for the Oil Kings.
He's the one who actually reached out.
Dude, talk about a chick that's bumped, man.
We go to the game, he gets two goals, two assists,
first star of the game.
We went down to say hi to him after we got a pitch.
That kid's nasty, man.
He's probably going to be in the NHL another year.
Unreal shot from the point.
Not a big clapper, just finds the lane, walks the line,
finds the lane, and zips it in.
He had two goals, two goals to assist man and he was
the reason that he had four points that night he had four fucking points buddy first star where i
was so happy and and right i would say like halfway through the first period i'm like they need to get
the fucking puck up top and start walking the line and zipping some in there sure as shit fucking he
ends up contributing four goals pretty much that way i think one of them was a rush but just an absolute laser from
the point and it was also cool from my perspective uh is to be in the box with gretzky paul coffee
talk at jonesy kenny albert coho like i didn't know i thought me and you were going to be going
the game myself so when that's what i mean with you guys i was like yeah fuck yeah let's do it
that's what makes wayne so awesome he's all about the camaraderie. So he always wants us together having drinks and, and, you know,
having a couple of pops, whether it's, you know, um, on a day off or,
or post-show just like, you know, talk hockey and, and,
and be around the guys. So he is just the ultimate leader. And, um,
and that's why we love him.
Yeah. I was sitting at Paul. I mean,
I didn't think it was going to be in a room with Paul coffee. Just,
he's like, so tell me about yourself. What do you do? I was like,
having a half hour conversation, one of the best defenseman ever. I was going to be in a room with Paul Coffey. He's like, so tell me about yourself. What do you do? I was like, having a half-hour conversation with one of the best defensemen ever.
I was like, this is wild.
I think we might get him for a future show, too, as well.
So we'll see what happens there.
All right, we can move along here.
We've got a bunch of thank yous.
If I forget anyone or if you want to chime in, just jump in.
But I'm going to read them off here.
If I repeat myself, then that's fine.
That means they deserve two of them.
No days wasted.
DHM Detox Biz, like you said, they were huge for the vlogs.
Mention Biz 20 if you're going to be buying them.
Get the old 20 off.
Friends at Game Time, they took care of us all week.
I know a lot of listeners were buying tickets for whatever playoff games,
whatever cities they were in.
Take advantage of them, guys and gals.
It's unreal.
20 off your first purchase.
Use the code CHICKLETS after you register.
Again, Avanti Food and Beverage in Denver, the great staff there.
Great staff in Greta.
Thanks to the apps for taking care of us as well and featuring us on the
jumbotron and great hospitality from the avalanche.
Let's see.
Thanks to Mike rod and the rest of the boys from all tech industrial for
the Edmonton suite and Ryan with the oilers for helping orchestrate cut the
cut from their side,
escorting us in the building and putting us on the jumbotron.
We kind of got the,
we kind of got the Royal treatment a little bit.
That's always nice to get.
So,
uh,
thanks again to the oils for taking care of us.
And Ryan,
uh,
once again,
thanks to Karen from road exclusive for setting up the PJ and his boys,
Chris and Ken as well.
They were hilarious.
And Chris drove me in a Lamborghini,
my first ride in a Lambo.
So that was good shit.
Uh,
Troy,
the Edmonton driver biz.
I knew you wanted to give him a shout out.
He was a character that took you around town all weekend. Again,
Caitlin Walker will thank her again for all our travel. Great, great assistance.
Great, huge help for us. We're on the road and we've got to switch things up.
Uh, Scott Parker and John Michael Lyles, two former avalanche.
We interviewed John Michaels coming on a little later, Scott Parker,
probably in a week or so. You're going to love him too. Uh,
all the TNT producers and staff biz. I know Bill Gavin jazz.
I don't know if there was anybody else you wanted to mention by name but
it was great hanging out with them and working
with them collaborating whatever you want to call it
especially Jonesy too for the love
we mentioned Haley the Baba also
thank you to everybody at the JW Marriott
hotel and staff Rogers place
Daryl Cates and his son Harrison
who's such a great kid man
Harrison's the man super nice kid
I met him in Denver very briefly but then we were at the Oil Kings game
and ended up shooting the shit with him for quite a bit.
And, you know, he's just a really nice kid.
You wouldn't know who his dad was.
He doesn't, you know, not braggadocious about him, whatever.
We had a nice meal with him and his boys.
Well, he was around all weekend with us.
We met him in Denver.
He came out to the Avanti meet and greet.
He came to the Greta meet and greet. He took us around
pretty much all of Edmonton.
Harrison, you're a beauty buddy. Looking
forward to hanging out with you next time we're there or
on the road, pal. It looks like
Jack Harlow, too. I don't know if any of you guys
noticed that.
You had the picture that you showed
me from the drafts. He would end up going
on stage and talk about a glow-up.
Like, he had a Jack Harlow glow-up, just an absolute missile launcher.
And he's, like, what, six fucking four or two?
So I'm sure he's not struggling.
And he just graduated from, was it USC?
USC, yeah.
Yeah, so congratulations on that.
And who else?
Who's the quarterback's kid that we ended up meeting in Denver?
John Elway's kid.
Oh, my God.
This kid's a fucking beauty.
At one point, I found myself running around with him and Ty Gretzky
and like the balls of the rink.
I don't know what we were doing, but it was just chaos with those two.
Oh, my goodness.
Wacky Jackie Elway.
He was a piece of work.
Also, thanks to Merle for making the trip, joining us, helping us out with everything.
And, of course, Jeff Jacobson, who was instrumental
in getting everything done. Jeff, thanks for everything, man.
You're the man. And, of course,
last but not least, for the final time,
the many, many Chicklets fans who showed up in
both cities and mass, whether it was at the bar
event, the street, the local spots we
popped into. We can never thank you guys
and gals enough. I talked to people who drove 16 18 hours from the northwest territories to come to the event
and that's just overwhelming stuff to hear and people were great so we love you guys we love
you gals we'll be on the road again and uh we'll be cracking it again soon so thanks for everybody
and now you guys want to talk some pucks yeah how about that how about those fans in denver when i
was walking by you they're like that looks like a walmart ryan whitney i was like that uh i looked at him he's like holy shit
i was like if my actual face is the walmart version of me that's not a great sign
yeah all right boys first i want to mention a word from our friends at sport clips at sport
clips haircuts expert stylists give you a champion cut that's guaranteed to impress.
Sport Clips stylists are specifically trained in how to cut guys' hair.
The next time you're in, ask for the MVP haircut experience.
A champion haircut with neck and shoulder treatment, perfectly steamed hot towel, and seven-point massaging shampoo.
Neck and shoulder treatment not available in Washington or Oregon.
Sport Clips is the ultimate haircutting experience.
Not only will you leave feeling great, but you'll look fantastic too.
Sport Clips, the pros and men's hair.
All right, boys.
We're obviously going to dive into the games that we were just at,
Colorado, Denver, Colorado.
They sweep Edmonton to reach their first cup final since 2001.
Game four of the Western Conference final started slow,
but ended up being a pretty wild one,
thanks to six combined goals in the third period.
And after erasing a pair of two-goal deficits and losing the lead late,
the Colorado Avalanche are moving on to the Stanley Cup final
for the first time in 21 years after Arturi Lekkonen's overtime goal,
just 119 into the extra session, gave the Avs a crazy
6-5 win and
the sweep. There was a little
controversy, but they had a review
that wasn't sure if he hit it with a high stick,
but it was a pretty quick review. It would have sucked
if they took it down because it looked like a pretty obvious goal.
Coho swore on the air
and said, oh shit, which is pretty funny.
Not trying to match biz in the swear jar.
But either way, how about this stat? Second straight year that leckanen sent his team to the stanley
cup finals only one of the guys done in history gordy drilling back of the 38 39 leafs so pretty
unique stat there nathan mckinnon said about leckanen i trade 10 first rounders for this guy
right now because he's been getting it done biz let's go to you first what do you got on as far
as buddy um well i guess it sucks to hear afterward that Nurse was playing
with a torn hip flexor the whole time,
and now I guess I understand why they were playing 7D.
You know, he didn't really look like himself
in that Western Conference Finals.
I thought that he'd played well leading up until that,
but he had a huge game four, though,
made that big play just inside the blue line.
Also sucks that dry sidle was
basically playing on one leg the entire time i you know on the broadcast i was like hey considering
they were up going into the third period i thought maybe they would maybe pull the reins back on him
and just try to play the shutdown but fuck he ended up coming alive in that third period as well
and to do what he did on one leg four assists assists in that final game. Like, just an absolute fucking warrior.
Ultimately, at the end of the day, guys, abs were just too strong,
and a big reason for that, Kael McCarr.
He ended up having five points in that final game.
I think that he's the only defenseman in NHL history
to have recorded nine points in a sweep of a series.
There's only two times in NHL history it's been done,
and he's done it twice
in this playoffs so he is just a fucking freak and probably right now in my opinion the leader
for the con smith um oh easily yeah i can give you that stat right now if you want this yeah
con smith leader he's at plus 200 so and nathan Nathan McKinnon plus 210.
So, if you're a Colorado fan
and you think they're going to win the cup,
that's minus 215. That's not
a very smart bet.
Go over to Barstool Sportsbook, take
Kale McCarr plus 200.
Put it this way. They're
playing the Rangers with the Lightning,
who the Rangers have
the former Norris Trophy winner Adam Fox. Rangers have the former Norris Trophy winner Adam
Fox, the Lightning have former Norris Trophy winner
Victor Hedman. Neither one of those
guys are on the same planet
as Caelan McCarr.
And I don't care if you're a Lightning fan
or you're a Rangers fan. You try arguing me
on this, you're so dumb.
I cannot describe to you. He might go
down as the best defenseman ever.
I mean, like Bobby Orr, Nick Lindstrom, these names.
This kid is so dynamic.
I cannot believe watching him play.
The game four sweep, dude, he is controlling the play every second he's on the ice.
He flies up and down.
He's a one-man breakout.
The best part of his game is watching him.
There's pressure on him from the side on a four-checker.
There's another forward.
F2 will be coming down the wall.
What does he do?
He opens up his hips, and somehow he weasels by both of them.
And his shot, the way he passes the puck, I mean, I swear to God,
there is not another defenseman even close to him.
Roman Yossi might end up with the Norris,
but what you're seeing in this playoff,
granted he's on
an amazing team in Colorado is so out of this world I cannot even describe what it's like seeing
this kid play live yeah it makes it actually makes me regret um saying that Yoshi should win the
Norris I know he had a big year but what he does just all over the ice even defensively like the
way he pays a lot the way he closes guys, the way that he's always
like even when McDavid's coming down on him
and he might have a step to the outside, he doesn't panic.
He never fucking panics.
He just opens up those hips and just goes stick on puck.
And he doesn't just lunge because you know how I talk about that nice play
when a forward has you wide and sometimes they try to sneak it in your triangle
and then get the shot on the other side as they move their hands over your stick?
He doesn't fucking lunge in like that.
He's always just stick on puck perfect.
And if that forward does try that move, if he does have the half step on him,
he just fucking knocks it out of the way.
He is a freak of nature.
He's just as good defensively as he is offensively,
and that's what makes him so fucking special.
And you already talked about the one-man breakout.
And it's going to be very interesting to see
who they end up lining up against in the finals.
But yes, he is the...
Wayne Gretzky, every time we watch them play,
he goes, this guy, he thinks he's the best player in the world right now.
That's what I was going to say.
Gretzky was dead on telling us that in Atlantalanta he goes he's the mvp of the league he's the best
player in the world so if he's saying it i'm fucking i mean i'm drinking the kool-aid but
game two we got into the box and you know as an oilers fan we got to get this one let's get one
on the road let's split and first period i think about five six minutes in mcdavid had all this
speed buzzing through the neutral zone.
Basically, any defenseman in the world,
he's getting a scoring chance on.
And Makar backed up, the play biz is talking about,
little poke check, and the crowd went nuts.
And that's when I said, uh-oh.
It was actually like a significant moment in the series.
David just beats anyone wide, doesn't matter who it is.
And you saw him play him like it looked like any other player in the league and I said oh we're in one yeah I remember how
deflating it was for you and I can only meant it must have felt like that on the bench for the
players I know watch their teammate just go around everybody and I was like oh this is something this
is something different I mean as far as the goaltending uh issue for Colorado I mean I thought Fransos came
in and played pretty solid I would say there was a few weak ones and squeakers that he ended up
letting in but the offense provided uh you know what they needed to do in order to get over the
hump but it looks as if though Darcy Kemper will be back for the finals um he was a little shaky
before he ended up coming out because uh he got a puck to the head which probably uh made the eye
even worse but from what I'm hearing it is the eye that's been still giving him problems but the fact
they were able to end that series so quickly it looks like if it starts what on the 15th they're
able to get an eight-day layover and it could be even more if they end up starting on the 18th as
scheduled to do it after the NBA finals so um they're going to get him back, but not a lot of holes in that lineup.
To me, the biggest differences were the bottom six and defense overall.
And this bottom six that Sackick has assembled,
Cogliano, he looked fucking awesome.
So happy for him.
I'm very happy for him.
But they just come at you in waves.
They forecheck.
You know, when the big dogs aren't on the ice, they tilt the ice.
That way, you know, tiring out the other team.
And that way that the top lines can do even more damage.
And you kind of saw him come alive.
And, you know, the work that JT Comfer has done for them,
going back to that last game in the St. Louis series until now.
You know, and he's one of the guys that's been with the Avs for a long time.
And to see him get his moment and then also step up as Kadri went down was massive.
So we can't stroke this Avs team off enough, guys.
They haven't lost on the road yet.
You could check all the stats you want,
but the fact that they're prepared going into enemy territory the way they have been, it's just a testament to Bednar
and that whole staff.
And Merles had mentioned to me that if they play,
right now it looks like if they play the Rangers,
they'll be minus 300, and if they play the Lightning,
they'll be minus 200.
So either way, no matter what goalie,
the two best goalies in the world that they go up against, they're going to be big favorites.
Part of it is the rest.
Part of it is how good their team is.
And, I mean, it was upsetting the game.
We got to go to game two, which was domination.
It was three minutes of just power.
Shout out Josh Manton, who had a great goal in game two, who really had struggled in game one.
I'm sure it was kind of hard for him.
His dad's the assistant coach of Edmonton. You get all this pressure on you. You want to play so well. game two, who really had struggled in game one. I'm sure it was kind of hard for him playing.
You know, his dad's the assistant coach of Edmonton.
You had all this pressure on you.
What you want to play so well.
He struggled a little bit.
Game two, he comes back at a big goal and he was great.
The game's three and four as well.
Good, pretty cool visual of him and his dad hugging in the handshake line. You know, good luck.
Go win a Stanley Cup to your son is pretty cool, even though you just lost as an assistant
coach.
But in game three, you know,
we got to see this amazing atmosphere of O Canada.
And then McJesus goes out 40 seconds in.
He makes it one nothing.
The place is bumping.
We're running around drinking,
pick Whitney.
And then what happens?
Evander Kane, who had a great,
great run with the Oilers.
What a season he had.
But what a dumb penalty.
And I mean, to just take the the air
out of the entire arena to have a five-minute kill which they actually got the kill didn't they
yeah they got killed off nine minutes in power play and that I think the first two periods but
it was still was like ah it was just such a momentum killer um that that it was hard but
now you look into all right i don't know it cadre they
immediately ruled them out of the rest of that series even if it had gone to game seven and now
i don't know will eight or nine days be enough is he done for the playoffs he's had he's had
surgery oh okay okay so but but i believe it was on his thumb from what i'm hearing but at least
we know hand surgery um and i was talking to one of their players,
and they said that they'd had it done,
and they ended up being ruled out, but it was their top hand.
I'm not sure whether it was his top hand or bottom hand,
but he also commented on an Instagram post saying that he was more than likely
done for the postseason, and he said, yeah, we'll see.
So I bet you that he's the type of guy who's going to get shot up,
and you can't
keep him out of the lineup for that final and that is a massive massive loss for them um now
let me ask you this like looking forward to um with these oilers and what they got to do in the
offseason like it's it's going to be tough sledding they only have seven million dollars
in cap space with 15 players signed and you you know you're not getting Evander Kane back
at fucking 2 million a year.
That's a massive, massive hole that you're going to have to fill.
They have a first-rounder and then three other draft picks
in the later rounds.
Their prospect pool with this Holloway kid
and maybe some other guys looks okay,
but they are going to have to get a lot of bargain deals
in order to get themselves back to where they got to this year.
Yeah, and they need an improvement in goal, and they need an improvement in some D.
So it's like Duncan Keith probably won't be there, I don't think.
It's hard when you have that much money given to these guys.
It's very difficult.
It's difficult to sign free agents there but they're gonna have to retool quickly
i think ken holland's doing his press conference right now i'd be interested to see what he says
um going back to goaltending though i thought that like you know mike smith he's 40 years old
man and i think a lot of people wrote him off halfway through the year but i think he gave him
some stellar play uh going into playoffs and had stretches where he was brilliant and we know the
way that he can play the puck so i know people might might have been a little hard on him in the last series but you
know Colorado's a wagon and they're getting a lot of high danger scoring chances yes there are some
pucks he probably should have had back um you know specifically in game three uh but I still think a
great run and you said that they got to get an improvement. It's just hard because he's obviously not in the level of Shosturkin
or Vasilevsky.
So in order to maybe put a Band-Aid on some of the areas that they do lack,
yeah, they're going to have to find themselves a young stud and net
at some point in order to get them to where they need to be.
Do you think Oilers fans are pissed?
I'll ask Whit.
Do you think Oilers fans are pissed that, like, Whit. Do you think Oilers fans are pissed that Kenny Holland
stood pat and went with Mike Smith? And I'm not trying
to be disrespectful, but he's 40 years old.
Numbers weren't
through the roof the last year.
Well, they had no choice based on what
they had money-wise
to pay a goalie, right? They gave him
2 million for two years. So Mike Smith actually
has one year left on his deal, and he's coming back.
I thought when Koskinen came in in um in game two or was it no actually he came in a game one
excuse me i thought he looked really good yeah it's just he's not a starter it's neither one of
them are gonna win a cup and like you get to the western conference finals you're ready to make the
next step but all right i don't know i mean them getting as far as they did this year, I feel like
that is a successful season, even though it's maybe a little bit smoke and mirrors. They were,
you know, a game away from losing to L.A. in the first round. But then to beat up Calgary that
much and and then to not win a game in the Western Conference finals hard. But you're also going
against the best team in the league so I I don't think they were
upset looking at how the season ended it's going to be a lot though a lot to be said for what
happens this summer and how they look going into next year in terms of fans like all right are we
continuing to improve are we making that next step again in the offseason and and and we talk about
the loss from nurse basically because he was playing on one leg much like dry saddle was
i thought that yamamoto loss was pretty heavy too i thought he was having an incredible play
he had a breakout playoff he had a breakout playoff and he ends up getting diagnosed with
a concussion so all of a sudden it seemed like they didn't have enough depth on forward to really
go to the well and they would have much rather played 70 and maybe protected nurse a little bit
more with that torn hip flexor.
How about the Avs are also doing this without Gerrard,
who's one of their top puck moves?
Well, okay, so I'm glad you brought that up.
And in his absence,
I think I might have mentioned it last podcast,
sometimes it's the deals that you don't make
and not saying they ever would have.
That Byram is looking better and better
with every fucking period.
And I actually saw him in the JW Marriott lobby.
And I said,
buddy,
I'm so happy for you considering with what you've gone through with the
mental health stuff.
And we forget sometimes like these young prospects who came in during the
COVID era,
you know,
they couldn't even see their,
their teammates away from the rink.
So that,
that team camaraderie and that bonding,
they never got it.
Like he ended up having his mom come down to,
to have somebody that he's familiar with, help him through that difficult time and to see him
flourishing and getting that ice time and he even mentioned he goes you know sometimes when you're
not getting that those extra minutes and you feel that if you do make a mistake that you know it's
it's it's going to hang on you and maybe it limits your your ice even more to where now he's in a
situation where if he does make a mistake,
he knows he's not missing that next shift.
And just having that peace of mind as a player,
it goes miles and miles and miles.
So as much as that Girard injury hurt them,
it's allowed them to realize that this Bo Byram is NHL ready,
and he is a top four defenseman in the national hockey league
at a young age.
So talk about another fucking sick draft pick
for fucking Joe Sackick,
who at some point should be getting a GM of the Year award.
We got to stroke off Kael McCoy a little bit more here.
Oh my God, double wrister with the fucking mascara.
You want me to fucking...
Call in the back up.
Somebody said to me recently,
how does Biz have the job at TNT
when he does that dick-sucking noise all the time?
Because I don't do it on air.
I'll do everything else except for the...
Oh, shit.
First defenseman to have five points in a clinching game.
Never happened before.
Only two players have had more.
Wayne Gretzky back in 85 and John Anderson with the 86 Hartford
Wheelers.
McCall also tied Forsberg's franchise record for most points in a
playoff game.
There's another stat.
When McCall and Taves were both in the lineup 78 times this season,
the Avs went 63,
nine and six outscoring the opponents by 121 goals
when those two were in there.
Just quite the dynamic duo they got back there.
Kempa did actually back up Fransos in that last game,
so he's probably healthy enough to play,
but be interested to see what happens because Fransos,
you know, he did the job.
He got the job done while he was out there.
And also congrats to Jack Johnson, man.
He's been around for a long time.
I think it's his 16th season.
You know, we talked about him before.
He's had, well, not his issues, other things that had happened to him.
And, you know, he kind of became, I think, somewhat of a sympathetic player,
a guy you kind of maybe felt bad for what he's been through.
But it's great to see him in the Stanley Cup final after persevering
and getting through it all these years.
So congrats to Jack.
I don't know if you guys had any other notes you wanted to do in the series
or any other stuff you want to bring up.
I was just going to ask you guys, who are you guys starting for other notes you want to do in the series or any other stuff you want to bring up I was just gonna ask you guys who are you guys starting for the abs in
the final in the net I think I think you got to go back to Darcy Kemper um he is your starter and
I I don't think that Francois throughout the series like played well enough to say ah we
gotta I mean let's let's go back to all the goals, right? I thought the,
the one they ended up in game three,
I thought the McLeod goal was soft and although McDavid scored in that opening
minute, I mean, it was along the ice five hole.
So those were not strong goals.
I think he did an unbelievable job and relief, especially early on.
I thought, um,
and I think it fucked Edmonton up a little bit with the way that he catches.
You saw a couple instances where his stick came into play big time
when Darnell Nurse had that half breakaway when he tried to go over.
And in most cases, he would have just slid that over
and fucking tapped it in where he came across with a stick
and poke checked him.
So overall, incredible job and relief but definitely in my opinion you
got to go back to Darcy Kemper and early on though if you see what you saw towards the end of that
St. Louis series because I thought that Darcy Kemper was starting to get exposed but then when
you found out his eye was still bothering him you you understand maybe some of the misplays
like I know right now off the top of my head, that Falk goal where he, you know,
it almost hit the middle bar where he over committed to his glove hand.
So just from talking to Hank Lundquist,
he did say that something seemed off,
but once Darcy Kemper has a little bit of a layoff here and he's able to
work with the goalie coach and get some of his technique back,
I think that he's really going to settle in and you definitely got to go back
to him.
Before we finish up here, G had a couple of stats about the Edmonton guys.
Since the expansion,
Leon and Connor just the fourth and fifth players to have 30 plus points and
not make the Stanley cup final Dougie Gilmore back in 93.
And then back with the Bruins in 83,
Rick Middleton and Barry Peterson, same happen to them.
They own had four assists in the game.
Yeah, let's see, seven goals, 25 assists in 16 games.
Only three players have had more assists in playoff history.
Gretzky, Lemieux, and Kucherov.
And David is the first player in NHL history to win the Art Ross Trophy
in back-to-back seasons but get swept in the playoffs in both.
So these guys, man, they're putting these outstanding numbers up,
but we just want to get them a goalie, man,
because these guys are too good not to see on the final big stage of the NHL.
So tough end of the season, but we're looking forward to watching them next year.
Hopefully they short things up in Edmonton.
But we're going to send it over to John Michael Lyles in a second.
First, we want to let you know that his interview is brought to you by Omaha Steaks.
Omaha Steaks, the world's best beef. Before our trip, my old lady grilled up a couple of fillets,
man. A little salt and pepper, cooked at medium. Perfect, man. These are wicked tasty steaks,
and you can't beat the apple tart after a little dessert. Throw it in the microwave. Don't
gotta watch out. You don't want to burn your mouth on it. Stuff can get a little hot.
But the steaks are unreal. I'm sure most of you have already had them. Every steak and every entree are flash frozen, vacuum sealed,
and ready for dad to love whenever he's hungry.
The package price is only 99.
It's a 250 value.
So visit omahasteaks.com and type chiclets into the search bar
and order the Dad's Want Steaks package today.
You'll get eight of their new, bigger Omaha Steakburgers as well,
absolutely free.
And because it's Omaha Steaks, everything is backed by their
100 money-back guarantee.
Once again, that's omahasteaks.com.
Type Chicklets in the search field.
Hook the old man up for Father's Day.
Oh, anyone else you want to buy some steaks for Father's Day or whatever?
So enjoy. It's good stuff.
And now, enjoy John Michael Lyles well it's been almost four years since we last chatted with this stud he spent his first seven
years here in Denver after the Avs took him in the fifth round of the 2000 draft then he made
stops in Toronto Carolina and Boston before retiring after 13 NHL seasons nowadays he keeps
himself very busy with his work on Altitude TV,
running the Abs Alumni Association, and being the real estate king of Vail.
It's an absolute joy to welcome back to the Spittin' Chicklets podcast,
John Michael Lyles.
How the hell are you, my friend?
I'm doing all right.
A little lighter in the wallet from golf today with wits.
So you only get 7 zillion left.
But then on the ride back where he
told me he lives in vale and basically his day-to-day winter and summer and so he's doing
great i'm doing all right it's been four years since we last interviewed you it's crazy yeah
i thought it was crazy yeah i would have said two max but since then you've you've started
and accelerated into that gig in the media world. Do you love it? I do.
And, yeah, I mean, I would say very part-time in the media world for Altitude.
Living in Vail and, you know, working down here isn't exactly an easy commute.
So one of the only good things that came from COVID is I do the Wine Cave now.
So I broadcast from up in Vail in the wine room and just keep it right on the edge of slurring my words
and not slurring my words by postgame.
So it ended up being one of those weird things, but I do a bunch of wine cave stuff,
and people think it's hilarious.
And now if I come down to the game and I'm doing it on set, you yell at me,
go back to the wine cave.
They just want to see me half-p half pickled talking and talking about the yeah you've been a little
truth of soul and you become a little bit more honest about these own breakdowns when you got
a few uh glasses you know my kids climb in the shot half the time does the like does the grade
of wine depend on when a winner loss and what you're going to draw after wins is a different
drink so after win so it's wine i i try not to drink bad wine, I'll say that.
Playoffs is another level.
I've upped my game, and Josh Kroenke did say that if the Avs are able to get to the final,
he'll send me some Screaming Eagle, so I'm going to hold him to that.
Because the Kroenke's own Screaming Eagle.
No, okay, so they do.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
What's that, a bottle, like 2,500?
I'm guessing somewhere in that range. Holy shit knows yeah yeah yeah yeah you gotta know a guy apparently so
um yeah the backstory basically you used to drive and then one time after covid i did just see the
tv and you're sipping wine doing the intermission report so basically they said hey stay at home
yeah they well they could only have a certain number of people in the studio and so they said
do you want to broadcast from home and i'm like yeah sure i go can i drink and they're
like yeah we can come up with something for that so they came up with this like johnny's you know
kind of like you know wine review or whatever and then i i was messing around one day and i was like
you know what maybe my internet's good enough like in the little it's not a big wine room by any
means and so i moved everything over to the wine room and and i sit there and it's
you know the the the wine bottle bottles behind you i got bourbon bottles on the left so if the
abs win i i drink bourbon post game that's what army's been talking about the bourbon game like
you army wants a bourbon big time like when i was younger i just like i couldn't acquire the taste
like it would be i think it's an older taste like i've now had like whiskey bourbon occasionally
that 10 years ago i would have just thrown up and now i can sip on it big ice cube
are you a big bourbon guy all right he's an anything guy no no i never had scotch until
we interviewed pj stock that night and he wasn't gonna say no to pj stock punched my teeth in it
and i i ended up finishing the bottle he gave me not that night but that might that that month but
you would drink that old Rip Van Winkle.
Was that like the 1,500 bottle you were sipping on or something? So when I retired from the Bruins,
they actually got me two bottles of Pappy for my retirement.
So it was the good shit.
Yeah, it was the good stuff.
So, yeah, what I tried to do is the Avs first round,
I was drinking some Weller.
And then second round, I went up a level on the Weller.
And then third round, I went up a level on the Weller. And then third round, I went to Old Rip.
And hopefully, if they make the final, I'll go up to the Pappy, the 15-year.
Also, I wanted to just get into, because post-playing careers,
we're so interested in talking to guys and what they get into.
And you said Altitude's part-time.
You're really doing real estate.
So that's kind of crazy with the market here and Vale.
It must be pretty interesting where all of a sudden you're doing deals for people and way different than hockey
right way different than hockey uh it is i mean the market up there it's it's a lot smaller than
being in denver um but at the same time it's been great i've got a great mentor um that's huge
really good friend of mine and honestly it started one night during covid and we skate like i have my
own skate up there that i you know run every couple weeks and just a bunch of good guys and having too many
beers afterward and he's you know he's he's been doing real estate up there for like 16 17 years
and crushes it and he was like have you ever thought about doing real estate like i think
you'd be good at it and he's like i could mentor you and um it's it's been a big learning curve
for me but at the same time it's it's it's cool it's it's a you big learning curve for me. But at the same time, it's cool.
It's very different than hockey, very different than anything media-related.
But I do enjoy it for the most part of the day-to-day.
We're doing him and I in a group.
We actually got a big new development up there.
It's like 84 residents.
I saw you post on social media about it.
Condos and townhomes they're getting built like high
end really high end stuff it's called front gate avon so um you know it's uh it's been really cool
to to see that develop um and be on a team you know like kind of working towards the same goal
versus you know like real estate's a lot of you know you're working kind of hand in hand with
another guy yeah you're battling against guys. Whereas this, like you're all working
toward the same goal.
Like you're trying to sell a really cool project.
Like, you know, it's got water slides
and like golf simulators and the amenities.
Like it's cool.
So yeah, right up your alley.
What about in terms of either selling,
like selling the house for somebody
and getting the house ready to sell?
Do you rather that
or do you rather kind of work for the buyer?
Well, so it's different, right? Yeah, estate you try to you know get listings and be the you know the seller's agent as much as possible that's what you want more of yeah you
want more of that um i've primarily worked with mainly buyers i've had you know a couple of
listings here and there and then obviously this new development um but yeah the the the buyer side
like for me golf has actually been like
a big kind of um door opener like playing at my club cordiera i've met a bunch of great guys and
gotten some listings from that you know gotten some clients from that just i mean i don't know
it's like hockey right like there's you know a lot of times it's just good people and so get a
good relationship good relationship and i don't know i feel like you see you know you see like who people really are on the golf course a lot of times like you know ups and downs or even
you know whatever oh yeah i'm not selling that guy's house like so i'm just drop a ball in the
woods and something to be passionate about after you're done playing like were you having a hard
time before you found real estate of being extremely passionate about something?
We were just chatting about that a little bit.
Just chatting about that.
Yeah, there was times where when I first retired,
I was like, okay, I'm not going to do anything.
I'm just going to ski.
I'm going to golf.
I'm going to hang out.
At that point, we had one kid.
Now we have two.
And then halfway through that first summer,
I was like, oh, shit.
I'm not going to do anything.
What was your term? My brain is falling out of my head. Yeah, and I was like oh shit i'm not gonna do anything what
was your term my brain is falling yeah and i was like i feel like my brain's leaking out my ears
right now right and so you start like you know altitude was awesome and i i do enjoy doing it
um but my family and i love living up in the mountains and to commute you know every other
day an hour and a half you know two hours and that's without weather and without traffic i mean
it's just not super realistic so the wine cave has been great and they've been awesome about
letting me kind of come in whenever, whenever I want to come in. Um, but yeah, it was, it was one
of those things where I was like kind of looking for a few, you know, what might be next, did a
spec house with some friends up there. And that was kind of how the real estate thing started
because my buddy that I partnered with ended up being the listing agent for us hockey guy you know played at um played at middlebury and
you know just it's just like it's just that small world where that kind of got the ball rolling and
then you have too many beers one night and you agree to do something exactly a week later shit
i said yes to that really i said that? But it's been great.
It keeps me around the house a lot more.
You're on other people's schedules, which can be tough at times.
Holidays don't really matter, which can be really tough at times for family stuff.
That's when people are buying houses sometimes.
You're like, shit.
Well, especially Vail.
Christmas is our biggest week of the year, right?
So yeah, it's good.
I would say the majority of the um yeah it's just it's it's good like i would say
um the majority of the time it's really good and you know it's like it's like playing in the nhl
majority of the time it's really good and then there's times where you just want to like rip
your hair out what's the what's the minor league system like there in vale do they have they have
pretty good hockey uh they've got so they've got a uh they've got a few teams up there so
it's funny like they've got um this like mountain league um so i
think uh sun valley has a team jackson hole has a team veil breck and they all play each other
that's kind of like the senior a isn't it i call it like uh get a couple fans at jackson hole i
know yeah jackson holes knots veils not i just bought i just bought there and when i was there
they were having i think they were hosting the team from arizona or something yeah exactly yeah
arizona's got one.
I think Denver's got them.
And, like, you get
New York Fire comes in and plays some of these teams and things like that.
Like, it's pretty cool.
It's something for people to do on a weekend night, you know, from 7 to 10.
We call it  I forget what we call it  Semi-Pro Men's League.
Like, the guys are awesome.
Like, I skate with a bunch of those guys and like a bunch of really really good dudes um you know played anywhere from like d3 some d1 guys
um you know some guys play like minors things like that and it's funny some of the guys you
get rolling through some of those games like um i forget who it was but like it's aggressive
like there's the chicago team had like some uh i forget who it was like reed larson or something
like oh jesus yeah it was i don't know i don't know who it was. Like Reed Larson or something was on the team.
Oh, Jesus.
Yeah.
I don't know who it was, but it was like a legit tough guy that was on the Chicago team.
Robbie Shrimp played on the Sun Valley team, I think.
Quince has played a few games here and there.
It's fun.
Get the juices flowing again.
Get the juices flowing.
I haven't suited up.
That's my brain. Too many concussions man there's i went to the first game some dude
got absolutely crushed open ice like four seconds after you release the puck i'm like nope nope
never play in one of these games i'm out full contact is a no-go i started playing this year
and uh i took a couple hits i'm like what am i doing yeah really yeah like a head shot i went
my whole career without a real concussion
and now I'm going to get one
at 42 with a kid.
He's like,
everybody rides.
I fucking lost my house,
you motherfucker.
It was actually,
that did happen.
It was a guy off the face off.
He's like,
hey, Merle's,
nice pick.
I'm riding with you tonight
in this game.
And it's the kid that runs me.
I'm like,
hey, buddy,
what are you doing over here?
Forget his name.
That was a winner.
There's always a hero.
There's always a hero
in the men's
everybody runs you from behind bitch oh i think we should talk about the reason we're all here
avalanche oil is an incredible first game do you think we're gonna see a lot more shootouts in this
series i mean i don't know if the goal is capable of buckling down like we think they might hey you
gotta tell them about your point about taves and manson that's what i'm worried about as an
oilers fan so the abs they've had home ice the first three rounds.
Game one, they've come out barnstorming every game.
Even the St. Louis, they won 3-2 that first game.
But they were all over, and Bennington played unbelievable.
The second game, there's always been a little bit of a pullback.
The other team adjusts.
St. Louis dominated game two here.
So I don't think game two is going to be a shootout i
think there's a ton of offensive firepower obviously um there's going to be goals scored
but i just don't know if it's going to be that eight six um final uh the other thing too i looked
at devon taves wasn't himself in game one he had probably one of the worst games i've seen him play
yeah and he's an unbelievable player like i'm not trying to take anything away from him.
The only guy worse was Manson.
And Josh Manson.
Every goal after he scored, he was just like, fuck!
Because he lost his guy two, three times.
And I look at those two.
And then Kemper just didn't quite look like himself.
He didn't look like he was tracking the puck early.
And then he took those couple shots off the mask.
And so I think think the abs have more
um defensively i think that uh obviously edmonton is tremendous and mike smith is you know he's
going to play a better game too so i do see it just you know they're going to make adjustments
both teams um i think both teams are probably going to dial it in a lot better defensively
and i think the goalies are probably going to play better.
And say Kemper is actually out for a little bit.
You're pretty comfortable with Franois. Franois.
Kemper took the stick in the eye against Nashville,
played game four in Nashville, played well, won.
You know, Franois, he's been good all year, right?
Like, there's a reason why they keep signing him to an extension.
He's not necessarily a backup.
He's like a good 1B.
And that's why they keep signing him.
He's not the biggest guy, but he's solid.
And him behind Kemper, they've got confidence in both guys.
I will say that.
And then the kid that's coming up, potentially going to back up tonight,
Eustace Annen.
He's a stud for them in the minors and what i heard at the deadline was he
was the only prospect on in the abs cupboard that was untouchable really so so byram was up for for
well no like prospect like oh okay minors no i mean i think if the right thing came along maybe
byron but i just i don't see them well yeah i mean we're the rumor boys we like to ruffle feathers i was like oh they gotta trade him for for a depth guy like
oh shut the fuck up i mean he's he's a he's a stud now that gerard gerard's out you can really
see that he's getting that ice time and he's flourishing and it feels like every period
he's progressing and getting more confident and i know i know when other than mccarr in game one i
thought he was the other best defenseman on the ice.
He was really good.
And he's got a little bit of an edge to him,
which is it's fun to watch him get pissed.
He gets pissed.
Makar's got a little bit of a physical edge to him.
He doesn't show it all that often.
But, I mean, he leveled Jordan Stahl like a week left in the season
against Carolina, like crushed him.
And he can do that.
And Byram is kind of the same way.
I don't
think he's quite as um he doesn't hit as big but he's probably more physical consistently um if
you're comparing Byram and Makar in that that regard um one takeaway that I had just from like
the crowd like obviously there's been this resurgence of younger fan here you know it's
been what 20 years since they last made it to the conference finals the the energy
in the building yeah they don't just tear for the goals or the big saves like any subtle little play
they just they give you that love and i feel like the team really fed off it especially like midway
to the end of the first period when the fourth line the third and fourth line were keeping them
hemmed in they were going fucking bananas yeah they love it um they're i mean they've been a
big part of it i got here sakic forsberg like i played with all those guys early in my career and that was like the
tail end of all the the the sellouts they had like 500 plus in a row or whatever and that was
the crowd consistently and then you know we went through a tough stretch and whatnot and they had
a tough stretch and um the crowd you know what kind of i mean it's ebbs and flows always right
but now they're back into it you've got like i mean what a team joe's assembled right like with the i mean mckinnon
ranton and landis cog macar like i mean it's just like you name it and they appreciate it and they're
into it it's it's it's fun to be a part of i don't make it down to a ton of games but i would say
like the last two and a half months i've made it to more um than i did earlier in the season and
it's been it's been fun to be there.
A lot of fun.
I can't wait to see tonight.
It's going to be awesome.
We had a good discussion in the car about great teams and staying great,
and we're talking about Makar's contract where there's agents around.
They're like, he fucked the league.
He took 9 million a year.
That screws other defensemen.
It's like you said Sakic had a conversation with him.
Like, hey, listen, this is what we're going to do.
If you take this, we can keep these guys right this is what i what i was told
or what i heard was the ask was obviously more than nine million a year and it was you're worth
every penny but we won't be able to sign this guy and this guy and this guy and if you can take less
we're gonna make hopefully multiple runs in the exchange exchange being the five years, I think Matthews had a very similar deal.
Yeah, it was like five years at, I don't know what the number was,
11 or 12 a year, right?
And I think Joe said, like, you're worth every penny,
but if you can take more years and less money,
and obviously the kid's a freak.
He's like changing the game.
You can get 72 million, and then you're going to sign another one.
Yeah.
So it's like, why not try to make the team great?
And I know some people are like, what are you talking about?
You're ruining value for other defense.
It's like, all right, well, as Johnny said in the card,
he's like, that's his choice, though.
He wants to be on a great team.
Well, Sid did it for as many years as he did.
Yeah, absolutely.
Hey, I guess it's a little easier when McKinnon's basically making
league minimum right now.
That one's going to come home this summer, though.
He's got an extension coming this summer.
Honestly, with how he looks at Sid, he probably will take a little less.
He said in the past, he said, he's like, listen, I'm not playing this for the money.
It's like, I want to be on a winning team.
And so he's going to do what makes sense. Like, yeah, he's probably going to cash in pretty big,
but maybe they find a way to make it a little more palatable
and hopefully be able to retain some guys.
I mean, they made some trades.
Josh Manson is a guy that I could see them re-signing if the years are right.
They're probably going to lose.
Obviously, Nas has played unbelievable this year.
He's probably played himself out of Colorado just with how well he's played and the number that he're probably going to lose. Obviously, Nas has played unbelievable this year. Like, he's probably played himself out of Colorado just with how well he's played
and the number that he's probably going to get.
And, you know, Nachushkin, I think, is a big one if they can re-sign him.
I mean, he's a freak.
That's why this year in particular is so important
because you are going to lose some significant pieces regardless.
Where I want to talk about Bednar.
He seems like the most chill awesome guy the guys
love him he's obviously a man rocket so i'm sure that the female demographic on altitude is spiked
yeah he's uh he he's an unbelievable guy um i played uh joe sackick's golf tournament with him
a couple years ago so it was um bedsy and i in a cart. And so I got to spend, you know, good portion of the day with him.
And, you know, it ended up at a, at a bar, I think elsewhere.
Um, but he's just, he won.
He's like very well-spoken, very well thought out about every, everything that he says is
very well thought out.
Like you look at the kind of the cadre stuff and Berube's no comment and like how Bedsy
answered that.
Yes.
Like it blew me away because yeah because it was like well
hey why do i have to answer every question up here like i'm a hockey taking another coach's back
yeah exactly and like he could have gone any number of ways with that i just think he's
everything he says is very well thought out i think like you watch him on the bench he's never
super high never super low like the most i've seen him celebrate was uh helm's goal the other
night and he kind of gave like the like like like a shock like he's like oh sick we don't have to
go back to yeah it was the first time i seen pratter actually celebrate i've always noticed
how both of them are just stone characters yeah every goal there yeah even pratter gave a little
pump on that gave a little pump and i that was like they showed the bench and i and i've just
focused in on those two like benzie'snar's like little kind of surprise thing,
and that's the most emotion I've ever seen him really show.
But the guys love him.
Like, he's been very good.
And, you know, people point to years past, whatever,
like they lost the second round a number of years in a row,
and it's like, well, yeah, John Cooper lost a number of years in a row,
and now he's back-to-back Stanley Cup champion, cup champion so it's funny you bring him up because i think
that bednar had a very similar come up and where he had to win at every level quick too i think he
i think he won at the echl level i smoked us in the in the ahl they ended up going on the world
yeah yeah yeah uh lake erie but before that was where was he at? USHL? Where else did he come up from?
You know what?
I'm not 100 sure.
I know he was in the East Coast League for a bit.
I think he lives in South Carolina,
like outside of Charleston in the offseason.
South Carolina, then he was in Springfield.
Yeah, yeah.
Then Cleveland.
Yeah, exactly.
Oh, so he did actually grind it a little bit.
He grinded.
He earned it.
He absolutely earned it.
And he came in when Paddy Wah left.
And so Paddy Wah left beginning of August or whatever,
second week of August.
And I don't know, Paddy Wah, however that played out.
You don't know the backstory?
I don't have the backstory on that.
Even if he had to, we had a backstory on it.
That one's been pretty quiet.
But there was
obviously disagreement and and they they split and so bedsy came in they had a 48 point season that
year and that'll test anybody and you've got what four weeks to really like implement what you want
as a coach and then you go through a 48 point season and now look where they are i mean like
not only did he grind through the minors but he grinded through the nhl for that entire first year um we chatted and i know it was different but after tampa you know blew up and lost
to columbus a few years back you kind of compared it a little bit to last year's loss against vegas
for colorado and and landis cog being the captain but we all saw mckinnon's press conference right
so him being that disgusted and upset like is there any um word throughout the organization like what he kind of talked to the team about how his approach has
been because he just seems so competitive and so driven right now that it's almost like just get
out of my way well yeah i mean he's like just unbelievable he's an unbelievable leader um
on the ice off the ice uh it is. I mean, like you look at Tampa
and what they did after they lost to Columbus, right?
You go out and you get Coleman
and you get Gaudreau and you get Maroon
and you like bulk up, right?
You know, Joe's big thing this summer,
he ended up going out and getting McDermott.
McDermott was one of his big ones.
McDermott was a little slow out of the gate,
but honestly, like he was probably
their most improved player from like December on on and was a regular in the lineup.
And him being in the lineup changes the game for them
throughout the regular season.
People don't believe that either.
No, but it's true.
It's absolutely true.
And Landy, I've had beers with him a couple times this year,
and he said it.
He's like, I love having that guy on the team.
And one of the other things too was like the trade deadline getting josh manson a guy like that
because then landy who fought i don't know what he fought like eight nine times this year all of a
sudden he drops down the pecking order not that you're gonna fight in the playoffs but like yeah
we still have more meat he gets to worry more about playing than protecting the guys because
you know he has an animal you know he's an you know he has that. And the Spug's an animal.
He's an animal.
And he has that natural instinct.
And I would say that it kind of resonates through the group.
And the one thing I was going to transfer off your McKinnon question was that controlled aggression and emotion.
Because you saw him in Dumba fight.
Yeah.
And with all the leaders being able to be guys to step up.
Do you think he learned from that?
Maybe that settled him down a little bit leading into playoffs?
Nate? Yeah, I think he learned from it.
It was funny.
I was watching the game.
I wasn't broadcasting that night, but I was texting with Rycroft and Keefe.
And when he hit Dumba, like he connected.
And he was going to the box and he was kind of giving that one.
And like, listen, i had two fights in 14
years right like it wasn't like i was but i was like oh no and then he went into the box and he's
kind of looking at it and i texted reicher and keifer and i was like boys he's eyeballing his
hand like and then that next day he was gone he was back in denver like getting re-evaluated and
like bedsy said it said it best he's like listen i'm never gonna tell him not to
fight because that's part of who he is right like that's what makes him who he is it was like the
arizona thing when you called him a called him the thug when he took the high stick and he jumped
but in that in that exchange like that's nate like he's ultra competitive like i golfed with
him at sid's camp in vale one summer and he was like we're taking these guys down we're taking
these guys yeah i fucking dummied him and he called me a sandbagger but that began a brand
for us so thanks yeah yeah but he is like he's he's so competitive and he he wants to win and
if it's like you know like miko got
smoked there and if nate's the one that's closest nate like he's strong and tough and he'll take a
punch like i mean that's kind of like bezzy said he's like i'm not going to try and change that
he's one of the top players in the league why would i try and change any aspect of that we
talked about how good a job sackick's doing when you played with him did he talk about getting into
management did you think he would be a good manager joe was always a really good poker player at the back of the plane
and so i feel like that you know kind of translates um that's why he doesn't lose trades
man it's it's it's scary i'm actually shocked that people are making trades i feel like he's
got like a pi that just gets dirt on all these GMs, like fucking slapping down the photos.
Like,
Hey,
you're going to give me a first prospect for my jockstrap.
But yeah,
I mean,
it doesn't shock me gone into management.
I think he's very like,
he's,
he's who he is,
you know,
in the media.
And like,
when you talk to him,
he's always that same guy.
He's super competitive,
which he doesn't really let on,
but like on the golf course,
he is as competitive as anybody I've ever seen. And he doesn't really let on but like on the golf course he is as
competitive as anybody i've ever seen and he doesn't show it but like he'll be inside it's
inside and like he'll be out of a hole and he'll jar one from like the bunker and you know it's
it's just like that's just who he is um he's he's super competitive but always like that even keel
like very just um just who he was as a player,
like always just the best guy on the ice.
You couldn't get him to fuck around?
What?
Like on the golf course or wherever, can you ever get him to fuck around?
Oh, yeah, he chirps nonstop.
He chirps like in those settings, right?
He'll absolutely light you up.
It's hilarious, right?
But he's just not that way maybe like you know in front
of the camera um but yeah and the golf course like he chirps non-stop and and yeah he he's
he's funnier than people like the cocky funny yeah yeah he was my roommate my rookie year on
the road and like he absolutely just beat the crap out of me the whole time like mentally the
fact that he had to have a roommate back in the nh crazy those guys didn't have their
own room so his original roommate was paul korea and joe was like he went to johnny martineau he's
like not doing it why why he was like meditating in the corner every morning and like true and
every you would tell joe he needed to turn the tv off and stuff shane don't tell me a story when he
was a rookie in the nhl he roomed with a guy or one of his first few years and the guy would be
watching tv all of a sudden nine o'clock would hit tv off lights off donor would have to go in when he was a rookie in the NHL, he roomed with a guy or one of his first few years and the guy would be watching TV.
All of a sudden,
nine o'clock would hit TV off,
lights off.
Donor would have to go in the bathroom and like read a book.
He said he would love.
I didn't have to do that.
He said he said he loved
one hotel on the road
because they had those little TVs
in the bathroom.
So he would just sit on the toilet
and watch.
Don't have to go to bed yet.
Yeah, exactly.
I like when we room together,
if I stayed out later or whatever,
like past like 1130, I would just rent my own room.
It was  I wasn't coming back and waking him up.
It was an unwritten rule that Johnny was not walking in the room
past 11 o'clock.
When you played Toronto, two coaches, you kind of got double whimmied.
You had Wilson and Kyle Lyle back-to-back.
Oh, my God.
So, Wills loved me.
This is therapy session.
Wills loved me.
So, I got along with
wills like he like i got traded there in the summer came in um i mean we we came out of the
gates like hot um and i i wills was awesome i got a concussion like right before christmas and didn't
play for like two months and i think wills got fired like shortly after i came back and uh yeah
it was uh forget what it was it was like the night before
wils got fired we had like a little team meeting and the rumor was randy was gonna get hired and
loops had him in anaheim and loops is like boys we're done he's like we can't we can't do this
we can't we just can't like we can't have this guy i'm telling you it'll be the most miserable
experience of your life and for me it was it was tough with randy american defense he just he's
under six foot one american defense yeah under six foot one like and he did he had like phil was like
ready to quit playing hockey when he found out randy was getting hired because phil only drinks
coke he doesn't drink water and he heard randy doesn't let coke in the locker room and he's like
i'll fucking quit i swear to god i'm like, you just signed a 56 million deal or whatever.
And he's just like, don't care.
I'll fucking quit.
I don't need this shit.
Yeah.
My buddy Conley was on those teams too.
He's old school.
It was not a good fit with him.
No, it wasn't.
What were some of the dumber or sillier things or antics that he would pull off where you're like, this is such a bizarre coaching tactic?
Oh, man.
He, I don't even know about coaching tactics.
It was just like everything was, you know,
like he just, he was, it was in control of everything.
We had the team weigh-ins like every three days or whatever.
He did control everything.
Trainers, food, beer, beer on the plane.
Like he limited it to 36 beers on the plane.
And his rationale was some guys will have two,
some guys will have one, some guys will zero i'm like yeah like i started bringing my own bottle
of wine on the plane just because it was like the beers are all gone in the first hour okay so that's
something that's kind of uh i want to say left the game but you see certain teams not allowing booze
on flights now yeah and i was talking to rick talking about it and i think that in phoenix
they might have asked him like you know what are you what are your thoughts on
he goes if you think i'm gonna tell a fucking 30 year old that he can't have a pop after he just
went and competed for 60 minutes for me you're out of your goddamn mind and i agree now on the
flip side of it booze does kill you yeah if you're fucking crushing a lot in the air too it's like
but you're on like a five-hour flight like we had i mean you're stuffing your your bag with beers from the bus because we
didn't have enough beers on the flight and it was like the other thing was like he took all the
snacks off the plane so it was like beef jerky and like fruit and then but he did but he'd have
his own snack it was a freaking chip massacre at the front in the coaching staff like you'd walk
up there there'd be like eight empty bags there was a bodega they took chip massacre at the front in the coaching staff. You'd walk up there, there'd be like eight empty bags.
There was a bodega.
They took out seats in the front.
I'm like, I've got teriyaki beef jerky stuck in my teeth.
Abba Zabba?
Yeah.
My old friend.
God.
Yeah, just stuff like that.
The weigh-ins.
Phil refused to weigh in one time.
And Bell's like, Phil, you've got to weigh in.
And Phil's like, fuck that.
I'm not fucking weighing
in and bells our strength coach went told told randy and he's like you tell him he's got to weigh
in bells came back he's like randy says you gotta stand off phil put his head down the hall he goes
you tell that fat fuck if he wants me to weigh in he can come weigh me in himself
did carlisle like when he would go at him?
Yeah, he liked it.
He liked it.
And him and Phil, I think they got along as well as could be.
Well, they had that behind the scenes leading up to the Winter Classic
or whatever it was, and it seemed like they had a bit of a rapport.
But you don't know how much of it is just genuine chirps or just fake ones.
Loops ended up
ripping it up with randy there yeah yeah he did i mean listen it was like i'm not saying randy is
a bad coach it was just randy yeah it wasn't my style right like you know you didn't want to be
jumping into play every other rush were you walking on eggshells a bit at the rink most days too
i mean yes and no it's not like you like i got sent to the minors for you know part of it
i was in i was with the marlies for a little while um i mean he was fine around like around the rank
it was you know just little stuff and it's just like i mean i was 30 at the time right or 31 at
the time and and you know like i don't want to just have one beer on the plane if it's a four
hour flight and so you know just little disagreements like that more than anything but
i mean he won a stanley cup it's not you know like he's And so, you know, just little disagreements like that more than anything. But, I mean, he won a Stanley Cup.
It's not, you know, like he's still a decent coach.
And, you know, I'd never rip on him for that.
Like I thought he was a pretty good coach.
But, you know, for me it was tough because I wasn't ever going to fit
into that style of play that he wanted.
He wanted D-men that were going to, you know, knock you off your feet.
And, you know, we had some good ones.
Like Dion was there.
And it was tougher for me at that time.
So getting traded to Carolina was a bit of a blessing.
And I got traded after warm-ups of the Winter Classic,
which is always a good story.
I was going out for warm-ups, and they were like,
hey, we got a trade in place not confirmed yet.
And I was like, that's fine. I'm like, I'm still going out for warm-ups and they're like hey uh we got a trade in place not not not confirmed yet and i was like
i was like that's fine i'm like i'm still going out for warm-ups and i was just wheeling around
in warm-ups and uh pierre mcguire was at like uh in between the benches for that and he like
called me over he's like hey he's like you had a great career and i was like is it over like what's
going on like obviously he got word that i just got that's your pierre mcguire letting you know
that your career yeah and i was like what do you mean like is i just i think i'm getting traded like is it
over or whatever and then i was sitting on the red line and drew miller and uh and kyle quincy
are on the wings and they were stretching across from me and uh they're like what's going on i'm
like i just got traded they're like what like so then walking off the ice i'm walking off and uh
drew miller walks off with me, and Ryan and I played together,
and one of my best buddies.
And he put his arm around me because you walk down the tunnel together.
Somebody sent me a picture of that, him with his arm around me.
It was cool.
But yeah, claim to fame, got traded after warm-ups of the Winter Classic.
The thing is, too, just back to Randy Quick,
when he got there, he saw you.
He's like, he's not an NHL player anymore like
and then in his mind that was kind of probably it he's like get him out of here well we were
playing against Boston who you know it was like I mean it was like Lucic McQuaid like I mean that
team was they were yeah Chara and I mean yeah like it was it was like knock down drag out every game
and that you know it was it was tough it was tough for me i mean i played that series
that we lost in seven and we were up three goals there in game seven like i played game one and i
missed the next two games mark frazier like shattered his forehead and i came back in for
games five six and seven and um yeah it was it was a it was a i mean i obviously the loss is
still stings to this day i mean i've played've played for Toronto now and Boston and still got people brought it up in Boston.
But yeah, I was never going to fit into the Randy Carlisle style.
And it was tough because Berkey and I got along unbelievable.
I mean, he sewered the shit out of me on this saying
that I was the only one that got one over on him
with the fourth year there for that contract extension.
Yeah, that'd be shriveling.
Absolutely shriveled me.
Oh, did he? He shriveled me oh
oh did he shriveled me he go somebody asked him out who it was like anybody ever beat you on a
contract negotiation he goes yeah one guy john michael lyles he goes i only wanted to give him
three years and he got four out of me and he friggin i paid for a wing in his house in bale
yeah so like the wine room buddy he'll text me every now and again i tell him there's a brian
burke suite with a plaque right on the door.
That's unreal.
That's the Screaming Eagle case.
Exactly.
Stock up.
Yeah.
But, yeah, like, Berkey traded for me, brought me in.
Wills was the coach.
And, like, I love playing for those guys.
Berkey is, like, one of the best human beings I've ever met.
And, you know, when Randy got brought in, it was just, like,
that was never really going to work out for me.
It was always going to be tough.
One of your other teammates in Toronto, you already mentioned him,
but the arm dog, Colby Armstrong.
We just had him back on the show recently.
I saw him.
He's one of the funniest guys you ever played with.
He's unbelievable.
He is the funniest guy I think I've ever played with.
That must have been quite the room with him, Dion Phaneuf.
Oh, it was.
Phil.
Phil.
Holy shit.
Phil, Bozy.
Yeah, Bozak's hilarious. Bozak's hilarious. dion for enough oh it was phil phil holy phil bozy like i mean it was hilarious um i mean clark
mcarthur tc like i mean that was it was a it was a funny room and we we had a we had a great group
and then we went on that slide and wils got fired and you know you know randy got brought in and
obviously pieces got got broken apart or whatever but man we, we had a great group. It was a lot of fun.
Yeah, Army is one of a kind.
Yeah, Army gave me,
he wanted me to ask you about your online clothes shopping
or something like that.
I mean, I don't know.
That's something that would blow Army away.
He's like, wait, you can buy clothes online?
Didn't you used to sometimes have some Bam Bams?
Oh, I got that in Ambien.
Oh, yeah, that was the problem. I would get packages. I packages i was like what is this and i'd look at the credit card i'm like
i bought these tom ford shoes at three in the morning what the fuck yeah like well i mean you're
taking ambient you know and you're like it's just it's a memory eraser it looks great and then you
wake up and you're like wait what and like it would just be like clothes you know it's gonna
be walking into the ring never return anything right and yeah i mean i'm i don't know i grew
up in indiana it wasn't like there was a lot of shopping in indiana so like you know going to
like place like toronto i was like hell yeah you were a hot topic guy weren't you at the local mall
no i was like a i was a tiger guy no. In Indiana, it was like the buckle.
Oh, yeah.
Affliction.
Packs on.
Aeropostale.
Oh, yeah.
Aeropostale. That's the good stuff.
Yeah.
That's the good stuff.
Johnny could have modeled for an outside Aeropostale, spraying people with the cologne.
Yeah.
Well, the Abercrombie and Fitch.
Dude, that place was.
They got the documentary that just came out.
I saw it.
It's crazy.
Yeah.
It's crazy.
Only fabricated white men could be our male models yeah
exactly oh yeah they used to stand outside the store with a shirt off and like spray the fierce
cologne oh my god hey to be fair though fierce cologne not bad really i'm getting some head
knobs from shot help me out here is that dry sidles one is that is that what fear says dry sidles cologne is that what it's
called no it's fucking called fierce um we you also mentioned carolina yeah and like have you
been did you follow the east at all i know you had uh rob brindamore as an assistant there you
knew he was eventually going to take over as a head coach right yeah i mean he kind of he had
that kind of demeanor and and roddy's like one of the best guys
you'll ever meet like free worker like works out like i'm like three times a day like oh my kid i
gotta pick him up in like two hours and i could go home i'll just do a workout here right like
you show up to the rink he's doing a workout like before anybody gets there for morning skate and
it's like old school workouts where it's like weight vest and he does a thousand calf raises like shit like stuff like that right like it's like at michigan
state like he was at michigan state for one year and there was this like tunnel that you could get
into the building that was for like tv um cables right and he used to go in there at night and
crawl through the tunnel and go work out at like 11 o'clock at
night and they finally had to like padlock the thing like that's like roddy like that was the
the legend of roddy brindamore at michigan state was like that's kind of like how you hear stories
about jogger getting the guy to open up the ring for him so he could skate at 12 at night yeah and
he posts videos of himself doing squats like at midnight or whatever right roddy's not posting
roddy's not posting video i'm guessing roddy doesn't have much social media going but he's he uh man he's he's a
great guy he is the guy that like he just wants you to be who you are as a player and just play
hard if you do that he's always going to be on your side and you could see that like he as his
as an assistant he was like that good buffer like bill peters was the coach there i'd you know kirky muller and bill peters and um yeah i mean roddy
was an awesome awesome assistant and a great guy and your time there in general you loved it yeah
i did um you know we weren't as good as they are now obviously but uh it's it's going from toronto
to carolina is night and day. Look at Freddie Anderson.
He's like, this is way different.
Well, like, you don't, like, get me now.
They're probably getting recognized a little more. But, like, at the time, like, Eric Stahl, who was the biggest, you know, face.
You know, he'd get recognized occasionally.
Cam Ward occasionally.
But, like, Carolina, the fans are awesome.
They're crazy.
They tailgate, like, a college football game.
You know, if it's, like, a 5 or 6 o'clock game on a Saturday,
they're there at, like, 9 in the morning tailgating like wings and pigs and um but it was
my wife and i had a blast there uh it was a great spot for us and and um yeah we really enjoyed our
time there it was it was a it was a good you know good organization at the time now it's at that
point where they're they're really really dialed you mentioned Peters. Obviously, things have come to light since then.
How was your relationship with him?
Was he a tough coach?
Did you get along with him?
Bill is a tough coach, but you know what?
He was really good to me.
You know, he always, like, he was very blunt with you.
Right.
And, you know, for me, like, that was fine.
If you want me to skate, I'll skate.
And you were a vet, too.
Yeah, and I was a vet, and we had a young team.
I mean, like, Slavin was a rookie my last year um pesci was a rookie i mean guys like that so it
was like me and ron hainsey were there and and um you know we were kind of like the justin falk
like the three kind of veteran you know defenders and and so we were kind of taking these young guys
under our wing a little bit and you know billy was great steve smith was an assistant coach and
he was great as well um billy was always good to me obviously there's stuff that's come to light since right since then
um i do have a pretty good story about billy though he could be a bit of a snapshot
trade deadline like two days before trade deadline my last year there i got traded on trade deadline
actually good story on that one too um we're sitting on the bench we're playing st louis
and uh it's like start of the second period like a couple minutes in and i look over and jay
mcclement's the closest forward to me and there's like this much space between us and i'm like
what's going on and uh jay max like oh he's like Nasher and Versteeg, Verbeauty.
Verbeauty, self-named Verbeauty.
They went to the locker room and were like, oh, shit.
They get traded?
And we had just traded Eric Stahl, I think, earlier in the day.
And so we were already dressing one short on the forwards.
So I think at that point we had nine forwards and there was tons of room on the bench.
And so we go in after the second and St steger and uh and nash are sitting in the locker room
and uh like what's going on they're like i don't know billy just kicked us off the bench no
just kicked him in the back he goes get out of here and they thought they got traded they went
in and ron francis the gm he came running down he's like what happened they're like i don't know billy just kicked us off the bench he like didn't like
how they were playing he just punted him off the bench so we had nine forwards for the rest of the
game like wait you guys aren't packing up yourself i mean i've heard of coaches sending a guy to the
locker room for like arguing back maybe or but it was like he was pissed at him for like the first
period and he just kicked him off the bench and we're like we're down like three nothing to st
louis at this point and like you're punishing the guys on the bench we're like yeah
we're like these guys are happy yeah we just lost stalzy and we have 11 forwards and then they just
punched you know punted those two off the bench and i think it was the next day was trade deadline
we had the day off and so i was in in the training room getting treatment we were flying somewhere
and i was next to james was new ski and uh trade deadline was
like whatever 2 p.m eastern and i'm sitting there and it's like 201 202 and whiz is you know sitting
next to me hainsey's sitting next to me and ronnie francis walks in and whiz goes what's up ronnie
couldn't trade johnny i couldn't get anything for him and ronnie looks at him he looks at me he goes
johnny can i talk to you in the hallway? Oh, my God, no.
And Wiz is like, oh.
And so I walk out, and Ronnie's like, hey, we traded you to Boston.
He's like, they're on your list, so thanks a lot.
We really appreciate everything.
And I walk back in, and Wiz is like, what happened?
I was like, they traded me to Boston.
He's like, oh, my God.
I was like, I was kidding.
I was kidding.
That is an unbelievable story.
It was so good. Like, the timing of it. Hey, he wasn't shy to let it fly, eh, kidding. I was kidding. That is an unbelievable story. It was so good.
Like the timing of it.
Hey, he wasn't shy to let it fly, eh, Wiz?
Oh, Wiz.
He was shit.
He doesn't give a fuck.
But the thing about Wiz is he played so hard.
Yeah.
And he could fight anyone and hammer guys.
So it was like there wasn't much you could really say to him about his game.
Because if there was a night he wasn't handling the puck great, he'd light somebody up.
Yeah, he would.
He was one of the only people to do it.
He crushed Datsuk once.
He crushed Doan once.
He hammered strong guys.
He was strong.
Did you ever joke around with him about how much money he lost in fines?
Wasn't he the most fine player in NHL history?
He lost a lot of those.
Did you look that up?
Most fine player?
Marshy might have overtaken him at this point.
He's chipping away.
He's definitely chipping away.
But Wiz blew his knee out.
17 times.
It was 43 seconds into game one of the season in Nashville.
So he tore his ACL.
And we went down to 5D opening night in Nashville.
That's not the building you want to have.
It was just like eight glass all night. It was a never was a never I said I like it I love it I want some more
like first shift he's my d partner first shift it was like he took a turn and I don't know what
it was it like he caught a rut or something it was like 40 seconds into the game boom down and
every one of us is like oh no that's the knees he's had his acl done four times on that
knee yeah i try so hard i can't get enough so i actually got to get going because i got to go do
the tnt broadcast you guys can keep the interview going but uh congratulations on all the success
buddy keep crushing on the real estate side and we'll see you there tonight awesome thank you
maybe a few more tidbits for the boys as what they should expect from the Colorado Avalanche.
Yeah, I don't really have much for them.
Well, I know we didn't talk too much Boston.
Obviously, I'm the big Boston guy here.
Yeah.
But Patrice Bergeron, what do you call the epitome of a model teammate?
I know you play with him.
Oh, tell me.
Tell me in the car about him.
So I told Bergie this when I retired.
I told him, I said, you're the closest thing to Joe Sackick that I've played with.
Wow.
And he was like, thank you.
He's like, I grew up like Joe was my idol kind of guy that I idolized.
But in the D zone, what he does for his defensemen, it's crazy how good he is
and how his anticipation, his skill, his everything.
And then his offensive ability, it's almost underrated sometimes.
And that's why I just said, I'm like, Bergie, you are as close to Joe Sackick
as I've played with in this league.
Because he put a lot of points up early.
And some guys, it takes them a long time, like Stevie Eisenman.
He was a point machine, and then he kind of had to learn that two-way game.
I think Bergeron, after two or or three seasons his numbers went down because he
committed so early but yeah do you think he comes back next year man i don't know um that's such a
tough call yeah and um i mean i hope so because i think he's just he's still like you know one of
the elite players in the game but i mean i mean he's played god over a thousand games and like ton of playoff games and
that body like he's taking a toll like you think about like what he played with oh the year they
lost chicago like it was like a collapsed lung and like cracked ribs and like crazy you know like
he's had i mean he's always had like really tough um um like lower abdominal stuff like lower
abdominal surgeries and whatnot so The sports hernias.
Sports hernias.
I mean, he's put his body through the ringer because not only is he a tremendous offensive player,
but he's so committed defensively.
And, man, I'd love to see him back out there just because he's such a great person, great player.
It means so much to the city of Boston.
But my guess is he's got a job waiting for him in the front office with Boston the minute that he says it's over.
Or anywhere he wants to.
Well, anywhere.
But, yeah, I mean, I'd be shocked if he ends up elsewhere, right?
Yeah, absolutely.
You've got to give us at least one Marshawn story while we're here.
Marshy.
Marshy.
Oh, man.
So many to pick from.
Yeah, I mean, there's a lot to pick from but i mean
he's just he's like he's he's a pain in the ass when you're on his team like in practice
right like but and i would say like the same about bergie like they practice arguably as hard
as they play and like that doesn't always happen but it is like it is really tough to
practice against those guys and marshy doesn't give a shit if you get pissed off in practice
because he's trying to do that yeah he like wants you to get pissed off but it's like that's what
makes him so great he wants guys on the other team to get pissed off and if you get pissed off at him
in practice like it's he's winning exactly and he
wins more than he loses i will say that you guys get anything any of those okay no no we appreciate
that johnny it's great to see how well you're doing um you know off the ice and even doing
the altitude stuff it's great so we appreciate you coming on again thanks brother i appreciate
it that's fun awesome absolutely thanks pal huge thanks to john John Michael Isles for making the trip to the hotel.
Hang out with us for a little bit. Great interview, man.
He just knows what to do when you sit down and talk.
And I'm great guy, too. And I don't well for himself out there.
It was great to interview him in person, catch up with him.
And I also want to let you know that his interview was brought to you by our friends at Game Time.
Game Time is the exclusive ticketing partner of Barstool Sports.
It's a new ticketing app that makes it easier than ever to score last-minute deals on tickets to sports, concerts, and shows.
And they guarantee the lowest price.
They cracked the code on how to score deals on last-minute tickets.
And the playoffs have been all about getting us on our list as unreal seats during the chase for the hoop and puck championships.
Seltzer back this week.
Going to be on game time in a little bit.
Try to get the game myself.
The biggest last-minute price drops can be found on the seats you
thought you could never buy. Uh-uh.
No more. Game time hooks it up.
Download the game time app. Go to
the account tab and create a login and
redeem code CHICKLETS for 20
off your first purchase. Terms apply.
Download game time.
Last-minute tickets. Lowest price
guaranteed.
Gee, I was going to say, New York, you should should come up get a saltics game in this week buddy if i can snag a couple tickets
off game time i know i might snag some and try to get into msg for one of these uh rangers lightning
games that we're going to talk about next because it looks friggin nuts in there oh it's crazy we
got bobby schmurda in the building.
I'm assuming he's a rapper.
I'm the old guy of the show.
I don't know.
You guys know I don't listen to the new shit.
Bobby Shmurda is awesome.
You just got rattled on your own already. Nobody even said anything.
I can sense it.
I talked about it in the preview that I wanted
the Rangers to make it to MSG
for game seven. So I could fly back there, but the way I feel right now,
there's no chance of me going back right now.
I think we're coming back between the 18th and the 21st for the finals.
So we will be there for in New York if they do advance for 20th to the 23rd.
Okay. Well, close enough for game three at MSG if they do advance.
But with the way the champs are playing right now,
it looks just as if, though, they might blow a two games to nothing lead,
and that would be sweet justice for that fucking loser, Avery.
I mean, Avery, like, he sends that video out, like,
after they won game two, screaming, Shesterka, it's better than Vasilevsky. Like, buddy, he sends that video out, like, after they won game two,
screaming, Shesterka, it's better than Vasilevsky.
Like, buddy, how stupid are you?
Have you not watched hockey once in your life?
They lost two games on the road.
And now we have a series.
But shout out the Rangers.
First of all, Mika Zibanejad, I had no idea he was this good.
And I know his numbers have been great, a he can snipe with the best of them
but like creating off the rush
like last night even in game four
he had some plays at the offensive blue line
just so silky smooth
his shots amazing
I still think
granted he scored last night
he made it 3-1 late
and he scored in game one
but Panarin dude
he has to be battling injury, no?
I would imagine that after.
He doesn't look good.
Yeah, I would imagine after the playoff something comes out.
He doesn't look like his true self where he's generating on his own.
Yeah.
I thought it was a nice move last night on his goal on the PP late
to just get it back to his forehand and roof it.
But talking about just kind of taking over a
game like the Panarin that we know that we saw in Columbus and I mean mind you when you're playing
in Chicago with Kane it's a little bit different but yeah if they can get him going all of a sudden
they become a lot more of a threat I mean Kreider's been incredible I think that I've been
harping on over and over it I just felt that the overall team defense
and the way that they're closing
and not allowing other teams to generate as much
has been very impressive for the Rangers.
They're galvanized as a group.
They're playing with all that confidence.
It seems like that confidence is pouring over
onto that kid line where there was a lot of question marks
on Hedl, Lafreniere and Capo Caco coming in but
they just found a way to even when they're not scoring just generating momentum so they obviously
came alive in that game one helped them to that win but guys let's not kid ourselves eight day
layover for the Tampa Bay Lightning they came out flat in game one I think that they were stunned in
game two and then they were able to finally
get their game legs back and what can you say about kucherov there were people that were
criticizing him including me earlier in that first round against toronto not playing to the level that
we're used to him playing but he is fucking filthy he ends up scoring another one that second goal
and in game four uh to pretty much solidify that win for him.
Because once you go up 2-0, the champs usually don't look back.
So he has just stepped up his game in absence of point.
Looks incredible.
And you can't even call him the unsung hero anymore.
McDonough's a fucking beast.
Like, he might be just as good overall as Hedman
in what he provides that team.
Like, the way he fucking hammers guys, the way he blocks shots,
the way he's able to
Great stick, how he advances the puck.
So to have another Hedman is kind of like the true difference right now
in why they're able to continue to keep winning these fucking series.
What a fucking trade that was for them.
Oh, my goodness.
Oh, my God, and now it's just punching New York in the face.
But still, there's a lot of hockey.
It's two out of three series with two games at MSG.
The Rangers power play is at another level.
They're great.
But all year, the reason Biz hates Rangers fans so much is because you mentioned their five-on-five play not being great.
And they lose their mind, but it's not.
And now you have Vasilevsky hasn't given up a five on five goal
since the third, third period of game two. So it's like, all right, well, if you're going to stay out
of the box, if you're the lightning now, chances are you're going to win this series at six, maybe
seven games because the Rangers can't produce offense when they're not in the power play right
now. And honestly, the depth of Tampa, it's the last two games at home.
It's beating the depth of the Rangers.
And you look at Maroon and he's got three goals in the playoffs.
Now he's playing with Belmar on the fourth line.
They're getting stuff done.
They're getting creating scoring chances.
They had a couple of great scoring chances before they even got the goal in game four.
And I don't know if you look right now at the lightning and how bad they would say they played in games one and two,
that is not taking away from the Rangers and them playing awesome.
They did.
They played great.
Keiondre Miller, what an effort games one and two.
Kreider's been a beast.
I mentioned Zibanejad.
They have a good team.
But if Tampa's able to figure it out
and Vasilevsky's able to figure it out after two very weak games,
then you're screwed.
It's this team. And by the way, if Tampa does get a win in game five, we know Vasilevsky's
numbers in these closeout games. It's like you can't beat the guy. You can't even score on him
unless you're the Leafs. They got one goal in seven games. So I love you bringing up Kucherov because I actually
forgot. Kucherov is the third player in history to have 30 or more points in two consecutive
playoffs. The other ones being Gretzky and Lemieux. And Gretzky then did it in three straight
playoffs once. So he's done it twice. But listen, Kucherov's at 21 points at 15 games. They go on
to win this series, go to the cup. That means he's getting another 30. He'll get 11 more points in the next, whatever, 10 games he plays if this series goes
seven and the next one would go seven. So I'm very excited for game five because Shusterkin
has been awesome. You know, he played so sick, even in, even in game three, Shusterkin was
awesome to keep the Leafs in that. I mean, sorry, the Leafs, the Rangers in that.
That's how much I hate them.
I'm calling them the Leafs.
But I want to see game five because I want to see if the Rangers can do something five on five.
Because if they can't and this were to continue on, it's over.
As the Rangers guy, I was so confident in them.
I took them.
I hammered them.
I gave it all to the people that they would break that 18 and O streak in
game two. They did it. Then they had the champs on the mat.
They're up two games to zero up to nothing in the game.
And they let them up. They let him, them up.
Braden points starting to skate more.
Yeah, I know he's going to be back soon. I think.
I think they said he's potentially probable for game seven if it goes seven.
I mean, they are in trouble.
I know. I just read Andrew Kopp.
He's like, this is the best position we've been in all playoffs
because before they were down three to one,
the second round they didn't have whole mice.
But this is a different animal.
It's a different animal they're playing different animal they're playing the champs
are the champs for a reason but um i'll still go down and have my zibetan get hamburger tomorrow
for all the rangers fans that keep messaging me to make sure i go and i will be on the rangers
tomorrow night at home they're a different team at home wow interesting you you have been shut down twice now though for uh for
for um the burger and they've locked what both games that you've been it's pearson's airport is
the is the reason for yesterday to you know to piggyback on to whip there because if if i didn't
get my five hour delay at pearson i would have been at home in sweden five hours sooner so let
me tell you pe Pearson Twitter, these fucking
Rangers fans are out of their minds, alright?
So if you think Witt and his
address to the nation was bad,
wait till your fucking
PR guys are quitting on you left and right.
We actually just released Pearson's
Airport Sucks t-shirt,
so you can buy those now, right now, in the
Barstool Sports Store. Yeah, all proceeds go
to building another airport in Toronto.
All proceeds go to the disease.
But then Trudeau is probably going to shut that down because it's a monopoly.
All proceeds go to a new prime minister in Canada.
But yeah, for game three, for them to go up to nothing.
Oh, my God, you had them.
You had them.
And then I actually was listening to our boys, Elliot and Marek,
on the 32 Thoughts podcast.
And Elliot mentioned he had an NHL  I don't know if he said GM,
an NHL guy text him when it was 2-2 in game three saying,
next goal wins the series.
And, you know, Palat on what a dish by Kucherov.
Oh, that little one-touch, no-look pass.
And Zibanejad looked horrible on the play.
He's kind of looking around.
His stick's in the air, and he puts it on Palat's stick,
and he buries it 50 seconds to go.
So, you know, they have the chance to go up 3-0,
and that's it.
I thought it was Kreider.
I thought it was Kreider who made the play
and then ended up owning it on the podium.
Oh, I thought, if it is, I'm mistaken.
I thought maybe both of them were right there,
and I saw Zvenyad, but, you know, they had them. And then, and then also what was the play?
Oh, last night, the plague Pilat made on the wall.
And then he ends up getting into the slot on stamp coast is going game
four. What a player he is, dude.
Yeah. When they won that bubble cup,
he scored 11 goals and he was like the one forward that was a part of that
second tier of the offense to
elevate his play to where he was basically like playing like one of the big dogs now maybe a
little bit quieter in that toronto series um in that in the game four he ended up having a goal
and two assists so he's getting back to that level and elevating his game another reason to watch out
for the fucking champs he sent kuchov in on that breakaway last night's game as well. That's the one.
That's the play that I was thinking of, the second goal.
So, guys, it's going to be interesting.
Hey, either way, though, if the Rangers win,
I guess I don't really give a fuck because I get to go to MSG
and I get to fucking spit freestyle raps at Bobby Schmurder on the catwalk.
Biz, we should get our face-p painted avalanche colors to go to the
games at MSG. Done.
Done. We could be like
Putty from Seinfeld,
but instead of the Devils, we'll just have
abs gear everywhere. Done.
I'll keep my head shaved. I'll do the whole fucking dome.
Plot also a
UFA at the end of the season, so he's probably going to get
some. He go. He's getting the bag
this summer. He go. I don't know if he'll get the
bag. He's like a little older. He's been
around a while. Oh, yeah. You don't think some
fucking guy overpay for him?
I know. Once you win
cups, you're just getting paid. Well, hey, speaking
of fucking Shirely and
I mean, we could probably go back to the
Boston Bruins. Holy shit.
What's going on there? All right. Yeah,
we'll get to that in a sec. But a couple of the notes here.
Andre Palat scored his team record 10th career playoff game winner
with 41 seconds in game three.
That game was unbelievable, by the way.
One of the best of the playoffs.
So you would think it would be Stamkos or Tyler Johnson, the guy who passed.
But no, Andre Palat has the most playoff game winners for Tampa Bay.
Also got a shout out to Chris Kreider, man.
I know you mentioned him already, but he tied Roger O'Beal
with the most playoff goals in Rangers history.
I mean, this team is old.
Wow.
Old team.
And so to tie a guy like Roger O'Bear, that's quite an accomplishment.
And he also tied Adam Graves' record for most goals in a New York Rangers
season, including the playoffs.
So he gets one more.
He'll pass Graves.
So this guy's really going to probably have his number retired at MSG
at this pace, the way he's getting it done.
So going back to Palatat what is exactly his record most game winning goals in playoffs history for the lightning with 10 to know okay very surprising that it isn't stammer considering
the runs that he went on when they went to the cup final against chicago itself but i guess palat's
been there the entire time as well how about about Stammer? Sneakiest 100-point season ever.
How about the Rangers have won Stanley Cup since 1954?
Yeah, the New York
That's so fucking pathetic.
You mean the New York Oilers?
Think about them.
Like, think about their fans and how they act.
One cup since 1954,
and they act like they're better than everyone else.
And they had half of the Oilers team come over to help them win it.
It's unbelievable.
Think about how bad you've been.
1954.
It was like.
Wasn't it 1940 that they won?
And it was a 54-year drought.
Oh, my God.
You're right.
It was 54 years.
One cents 40.
One cents 40 is the chance.
Oh, my God.
That's really.
1940. It was 54 God. That's really...
It was 54 years ago. Were cars even invented then?
One cup.
Was there a light bulb?
I believe Frankie Borelli likes to say
they have one cup since polio was cured.
Holy shit.
Yes.
So as a kid, I used to go to Islanders games
and all they would chant during Islanders Rangers games,
or even when they were playing another team,
was 1940 the whole time.
So then they finally won one.
And ever since then,
it's the chant is one cents 40.
I heard,
uh,
we're looking at 28 years now since their other one.
It's like,
what a pathetic organization.
Alexander Graham Bell was at the game in 40 when they won it.
And he hadn't even created the telephone yet.
If one of your players at home here want to bet on the Rangers to win the cup,
they're plus 650, but I don't suggest you do that.
I'm going to give you guys a little veteran pro gambling tip.
Barstool Sportsbook, you can get Igor to win the Conn Smythe at plus 1,400.
So if the Rangers are going to win the cup, he's obviously getting it.
So do not take them plus six 50,
take Igor as con Smythe get plus 1400. It's a great value.
That's a good call. Fox is somewhat there, but yeah, I agree. Fox,
what a playoff he's having leading the defenseman and scoring 23 points.
I hate that he has.
Biz, that is true.
Alexander Graham Bell, after they won the Cup at 40,
he created the telephone so he could call and get his flight changed
from Pearson to go back.
He didn't want to fly into Pearson.
He wanted to go to Billy Bishop when he went back up to Ontario.
So that makes a lot of sense.
I forgot about that.
Nice.
Good to know.
A little tidbit there, a little of sense. I forgot about that. Nice. Good to know. Little tidbit there. A little fun fact.
A little nugget. 1940.
One cup since 1940.
I'm going to give Avery a fucking
swirly when I'm back at the office.
Like more money than any
team before the cap. One cup
since 1940. And these
fucking guys act the way they do.
Biz, a couple other notes
for Cooch. I know you were talking about a second ago.
Since being drafted in 2011, he leads
the NHL in playoff goals, playoff
points, even strength playoff goals,
even strength playoff points,
playoff plus minus, and he's fifth
in playoff points per game. He's
just carving out that resume for the Hall of
Fame. Now that's a stat.
All right. That is a fucking stat.
Like a bunch of stats.
Third straight playoffs with 20 or more points.
He's got 50 points at home in his last three post seasons.
Only two other guys have done that in the last 35 years.
Guess who?
Wayne Gretzky and Mario Lemieux.
Yep.
Bingo bango.
So every stat in playoffs ends up resorting back to Wayne Gretzky and Mario Lemieux.
Guys, I actually have one stat that won't, and this is kind of a sad stat.
Stack IG!
Boys, it's the end of an era.
This will be the first time since 1979 that a teammate of Jaromir Jager will not be playing
in the Stanley Cup Finals.
That is insane.
Wait. Oh is insane.
Wait.
Oh, okay.
Because somebody he played with when he came over to the NHL,
somebody in 79.
Oh, my God.
That's nuts.
That's a long run.
Sad day.
I saw Yager got in a car accident back home a few weeks back. Yeah, but he's safe.
He's okay.
He's good.
A couple other injury notes before we move along.
Ryan Strom, he took warm-ups last game,
but he wasn't able to go lower body.
That's a big loss.
That's a great, solid player.
You saw him wincing in the warm-up skate.
They showed it on ESPN last night.
And Phillip Hedo had to leave the game in the second
with an upper body injury.
It looked like kind of an innocuous looking hit
from Vic the headman, but it did something to him.
I don't know if he hit his head or whatever,
but Hedman's a monster, so I guess you don't have to hit him that hard. And a breakout
for Hedo, too. I think he's got seven goals
now. I mean, he's had a sick
playoff, so they need him back.
They need him playing game five.
Yeah, Gerard Gallant said
Hedo should be fine, and hopefully Strom is back
for game five, and Goudreau's banged up
as well. Three of their centers are all kind of tuned up.
So see what happens there.
We'll keep an eye on it.
Boys, any final notes?
No, I think we've mentioned every single player on the roster.
That's how we do, Biz.
You know what these are, Biz, right here when I'm wearing these glasses?
Shady Rays?
Shady Rays, baby.
Shady Rays is back for another run around the sun.
Shady Rays sunglasses offer an industry-best combination
of fit, style, and performance
without the big brand price tag.
It doesn't stop at the quality either.
Shady Rays offers the most insane protection program
in all of eyewear.
Every pair is backed by lost and broken replacements.
If you lose or break your pair, even on day one,
they'll send you a brand new pair.
I mean, how do you not beat this deal?
How do you beat this deal?
You can't.
Lose them, break them, boom, new pair.
You guys know I'm the biggest Shady Ray fan out there.
I've been wearing these since I got them a couple years ago.
Big fan of the tortoise shell.
But you can go get your own as well.
If you don't love them, you can exchange them for a new pair
or return them for free within 30 days.
There's no risk when you shop with Shady Rays.
Their team always has your back.
Right now, exclusively for our listeners,
Shady Rays has given out their very best deal of the season.
Go to ShadyRays.com slash chicklets for 50 off
if you get two or more pairs of polarized sunglasses.
Basically, buy one, get one free.
Super good deal.
These things are awesome.
Great shades.
Do the trick.
Check them out.
Shady Rays.
I'm going to sing their praises all day.
Plus, you look good in them, too.
Plus, they hide my face when I look like crap,
which is why I have them on right now.
Biz, you mentioned the Bruins, right?
Yes, I did.
They dropped a fucking nuke on what?
On Monday?
Yeah.
Bruins fired head coach Bruce Cassidy after his sixth season coaching the team.
General manager Don Sweeney said,
after taking some time to fully digest everything,
I felt that the direction of our team for both this season and beyond
would benefit from a new voice.
Cassidy, he went to the playoffs each season,
won the Jack Adams in 20, won the East in 19, of course,
before losing to the Blues in seven.
Great record there, 245, 108, and 46 in 399 games 36 and 37 the playoffs he had a year
left at three million and we're hearing this word quite a bit from the boston media scapegoat
everyone's calling him a scapegoat he should have been fired uh he's taking the blame for the front
office screwing up lately and i think there might be some truth to that but when we talked a while
back i said it wouldn't be surprised if they got rid of him i would have preferred they just did
some house cleaning get got rid of everybody.
But I don't know.
I heard he's intense, can be a little bit difficult to play for.
I wouldn't say that that is an issue for the star players
because we know that they are treated a little bit differently.
Was I shocked to hear it?
Absolutely, given the success of the team.
People might say, well, what success they got bouncing the first round.
I thought that they played pretty,
a pretty fucking solid series against Carolina to find out afterward that
McAvoy,
Marshawn and Bergeron,
Bergeron and Grizzly like all had to get surgery.
It was,
it was a Grizzly or Bergeron who had to get it.
They both did.
So four guys had to end up getting surgery.
So that's a pretty sick  and all those names that we just mentioned,
and you saw that Grislick struggled during that series,
so obviously now we know it was due to injury.
But the fact that they pushed Carolina, a better team throughout the regular season,
to the brink, yeah.
And I do think that he is a bit of a scapegoat.
I think that one of their major issues has been drafting
and developing throughout that time.
You go back to the draft that you always harp on
when they had three first-rounders where they missed on every fucking guy.
The only other guy they've, I think, drafted since then
who's been an impactful player in the lineup
who has really become a core member of that group is McAvoy.
And I thought that they fought hard, and I just don't really understand the move.
So if anything, it should probably be on Don Sweeney and the fact that they don't have
the players and personnel to get them over the edge.
Because other than all those, the top line, Pasternak, Bergevin, and Marchand,
who else can they really rely on to be a guy
who's going to provide consistent offense?
I cannot believe Don Sweeney still has a job.
It shocks me that he still has a job.
And I wasn't that surprised about Cassidy
only because I've heard from so many different people that they really hate him.
Like the players really hated him.
So it's kind of like when you hear that, you know, where there's smoke, there's fire.
But Don Sweeney to still have a job.
Talk to Bruins fans is shocking. I mean, he comes off as just so arrogant and like,
I know exactly what I'm doing.
Just like, don't question me.
It's like, dude, what have you done?
You got here with all this talent
and you haven't really done anything to make the team any better.
You screwed them royally with that draft.
What year was that draft all right at 15 15 15
like barzal kyle connor shabbat all these fucking names like you take three guys to bruscus played
the other two have done nothing what what has don sweeney done to still have a job he's not even
under contract right now that's the crazy part But obviously he is because if he was given the
for him to be given the ability to fire Cassidy,
it means he's got a job that's going to be announced.
They did bring St. Louis to game seven of that final.
But what did Sweeney do for that?
Correct, yeah.
I don't know.
R.A., you're like the Bruins guy.
What has Don Sweeney done?
What are his good moves?
He brought in Marcus Johansson.
Yeah, I know it's a weird name to pull up.
I thought that was a decent move.
But, yeah, I mean, they paid heavily for Lee Stempniak,
who they could have signed at the beginning of the year a few seasons back.
Two draft picks they gave up.
They gave up a third round of a Zach Rinaldo when they probably could have
fucking gave the other whatever team they traded for.
Probably could have sent them a pizza and a sub and got them.
A third round of Rinaldo. No disrespect for him, but it was like, what. Probably could have sent them a pizza and a sub and got him a third round of Ronaldo.
No disrespect for him, but it was like, what?
You could have gone for nothing.
They gave David back as the bag.
They sent,
they gave back as an enormous contract when he was, you know, on the back nine and he had head issues.
They sent Lingren was part of the deal to get Rick Nash.
Look how fucking good Ryan Lingren looks now.
It's just, it's like move after move after move.
These Harvard guys, they think they're so much smarter than everyone else.
See, not Schumer.
These Harvard guys drive me crazy.
They're all a little different, but that's why they're so smart.
But here's a smart thing that I came up with on my own in all the travel from Pearson Airport. How about it wasn't Cassidy that did the problem,
but somebody new on the market came available
that they want even more like Barry Trotz.
That's a very
Or someone else.
So that's another way to look at it.
Maybe it's not so bad him,
but there's somebody they've had their eye on for a few years.
But talk about like a coach who is completely hosed the minute he takes this job
i mean they don't have marshawn actually yeah they don't have marshawn and mcavoy definitely
to start the season uh who knows if bergeron will be back uh you don't know grizzly i think won't
be ready for the beginning of the year so you got this new coach coming in they might be one of the
worst teams in the league the first two months and And Don Sweeney's getting an extension.
It's like, I don't even understand how that is possible.
If you're going to get rid of Cassidy, and it is true, all the players couldn't stand
playing for him, even with the success they had, to get rid of both of them.
All right.
Right.
Like, yeah.
Clean house.
Yeah.
Like I said, a few weeks back, like, what are you going to keep him for?
Sweeney hasn't done enough to warrant keeping his job.
But this is where we talked about in the show before,
sort of the good old boys network and that nepotism factor,
a friend factor.
You know, Sweeney and Neely were teammates.
I don't know if they were boys back then,
but we don't want an Edmonton Oilers situation here
with all former players, like, driving the team into the ground.
Like, no, fuck that.
We want to stay consistent.
We should have still been a contender, but he fucked up that draft.
A couple other moves.
Like, we should have been another three, four years here.
Bergeron, I think he'd be probably more likely to come back with no Cassidy here
because if he was going to be there next year, he can't stand him.
I guess that's what I've been told.
He's fed up with him.
I guess that's a big reason Krejci left, too.
He wasn't a big fan of his.
I know the media is circling the wagons here for him, and I get it. He's a great quote. Hece left too. He wasn't a big fan of his. And I know that like the media circle on the wagons here for him.
And I get it.
Like, he's a great quote.
He talks to them.
He's nice to them.
And that's what the media does.
They're like, oh, this is an abomination, blah, blah, blah.
And it's like, well, wait a minute.
He's been here for six years.
That's one of the most guys are in this league before they get shit in.
And, you know, you're hearing all these stories about players not liking him.
Again, not every player likes their coach.
But when it's enough that, you know, where the smoke is fire, man. get rid of him but i don't i don't get keeping sweeney either i don't
think he's earned whatever kind of deal or extension they're going to give him obviously
it's coming if they let him just fire this guy so i don't know man i said at the second period of
the the canes game i i tweeted out this is it this arizona it's been real it's been good wish we got
a couple more another cup out of it but dark times ahead for Bruins fans, man.
Shitty draft and fucking piss poor.
And now they're looking to deal pasta.
Grinnelli, what were you going to say, G?
I was just going to say before we get to that,
I don't understand how Don Sweeney still has a job when there's a guy like
Chris McFarlane, the assistant GM in Colorado,
who's been with them since 2015.
He's been a part of all these drafts.
When you look at how loaded this Colorado team is, who was their draft in these guys? Chris McFarland. I just don't understand how Don Sweeney
has a job when there's a guy like that available. And then there's this pasta news coming out that
if they don't get a contract extension this summer, they're going to talk about trading him
to rebuild. You rebuild to get guys like David Posterknock. So that blows my mind when you have
McAvoy, you have
Swayman, you have Lindholm, you they're all under 30 and you're going to talk about rebuilding.
That's, that's fucking crazy to me that you would trade David Posterknock when you,
when you, you rebuild to get guys like Posterknock. How about this? Sweeney's,
this is an article from NBC sports, Boston Sweeney's draft misses go way beyond 2015.
He's traded three first round picks since 2015,
which means he's only made eight round one selections as a general manager.
Here they are.
Jacob Zaborl, Jake DeBrus, Zach Stencheson, McAvoy, Trent Frederick,
Earl Vakanainen, John Beecher, and Fabian Lysol.
Now, granted, at least Lysol and Beecher were 2021 and 2019.
Okay, let's go to his free agency signings. 2015, Boleski. 2016, David Backus, Riley Nash,
Tim Schaller. 2017, nothing. 2018, Yaroslav Halak, Chris Wagner, John Moore. 2019, nothing. 2020,
Craig Smith. 2021, Linus Olmark, Nick Foligno, Thomas Nosek, Eric Holla, and Derek Forbert.
I mean, draft and free agency.
What the fuck is that?
The two you mentioned early on didn't finish their contracts in Boston.
How does he have a job?
Oh, my God.
To see Cassidy get fired, the only good thing is,
by the way, I don't know Cassidy.
I've heard guys don't like him.
I've never met him.
But he'll have a job pretty quickly.
Oh, God, yeah.
Especially with all the vacancies right now.
And that's the other thing.
He's going to get hired right away.
It's like, yeah, well, of course he is.
He's a fucking coach.
He's active.
That's how it works in this league.
They do five, six years.
They get fired.
They go somewhere else.
Things obviously do change, too, though they get fired. They go somewhere else. Like things obviously do change too,
though.
Like this,
it was a long time ago,
but Bates Pataglia did come on our podcast. And he said that Bruce Cassidy is not the most likable coach.
And we'd also touch on it.
You don't necessarily have to like your coach,
but I will say you don't have a long shelf life if that is the case.
So six years is a long time.
If you're going to, and like, he does seem like he he's like does not have a good time at the rink like does he
often crack jokes and he's pressed he looks pissed off all the time so i don't know how you go live
your life like that but whatever all the power to him and i know he's gonna get the bag somewhere
else uh he did decline comment to the globe's matt porter he
texted back it's still very raw because he had been with the organization almost 50 years yeah
he was i mean you know he's been with them 15 years that's a long time he was down providence
for a while a lot of work for him yeah i'm sure it's upsetting to get fired and again when we say
this stuff be the locker we're not calling him a bad guy or saying anything like that at all it's
just his you know his interpersonal relationship with his team if they don't like him that you
know we're not calling the guy a bad guy or anything like that
it's just i heard fucking keenan was a fucking asshole as a coach and we've heard all the stories
about him i'd still say hey to him and he and from what i hear he's a pretty good guy away from the
rink some guys have their tactics and that's what the way they coach it's just like well if that's
the way you're gonna coach you gotta reap what you sow my friend uh well there was some good news out
of boston anyways patrice bergeron won his record fifth selkie trophy uh he also had surgery on his That's the way you're going to coach. You got to reap what you sow, my friend. Well, there was some good news out of Boston anyways.
Patrice Bergeron won his record fifth Selkie trophy.
He also had surgery on his left elbow we just mentioned,
but he should be ready for the next season
if he does decide to come back for a 19th season.
Regardless of whether he does or not,
the Bees, like we just said,
they're going to be very shorthanded
with all these guys out.
And you got to think that's going to factor in too.
He's banged up.
He's played, what, 18 hard years. And if the team's done looking like a playoff team like you want to go out there just
beat your body up again i don't know man i don't think he knows right now what do you what would
you say with the comeback or no i think he does i think that i think cass and this is such a like
you got your tinfoil cap on i think for them to fire cassidy it's like maybe secretly that's what
he wanted.
Right. And I would never.
What if Bergeron is going to become the head coach right away?
Player coach.
Player coach Reg Dunlop.
That would be a story in itself.
I think he comes back.
I do.
Okay.
Let's see.
Moving right along here.
The Canadians made official what we all knew.
Matisse Martin St. Louis will be the 32nd head coach in team history he signed a three-year deal
good luck to marty up in montreal and they also signed marie philippe pull in as player development
consultant it's going to be a part-time gig for the gold i'm sorry the part-time gig for the
four-time gold medalist as she continues her playing career as well uh other habs news montreal
going carrie price won the Masterton Trophy,
given to the player who best exemplifies the qualities of perseverance,
sportsmanship, and dedication to hockey.
Calgary coach Darrell Sutter won the Jack Adams Trophy for Coach of the Year.
LA's Andrzej Kopitar won the Marc Messier Award for Leadership.
Winnipeg's Kyle Connor won the Lady Bing.
He had just two minor penalties in
79 games played while leading Jets forwards with 21 minutes and 47 seconds of ice time per game
and he's the first player from either Jets franchise to win the Lady Bing uh congrats to
P.K. Subban of the Devils he won the King Clancy Memorial Trophy which is given to the player or
players who best exemplify leadership qualities on and off the ice and have made a noteworthy humanitarian contribution in their community. The Devils also being mentioned as a
pretty good possibility of landing Minnesota's Kevin Fiala. He's a restricted free agent,
obviously looking at a pretty significant raise. I'm sure Billy G wants to keep him,
but he's got to do some maneuvering to stay cap compliant. Fiala had 85 points in 82 games last year, made 5.1 million.
So he'll be getting a nice little raise.
And the Devils got money to sign him should they want to,
and also a fellow Swiss stud there, Nico Hesha, that he could play with.
So interesting things going on.
And let's see, we got one or two signs here.
Columbus signed forward Jack Roslevic to a two-year 8 million extension
after he established career highs with 22 goals, 23 assists, 45 points in 81 games. The 25-year-old will be UFA when the deal
expires in 24. And Dallas signed forward Dennis Gurianoff to a one-year deal worth 2.9 million.
The 25-year-old had career high 31 points this year in 73 games. He'll be RFA after this deal
expires. And before we get to the final et cetera portion of the program,
we got one more ad here for you.
Shopify, guys.
You got to check them out.
Shopify is the all-in-one commerce platform to start, run, and grow your business.
Shopify gives entrepreneurs the resources once reserved for big business,
so upstarts, startups, and established businesses alike can sell everywhere, synchronize online and in-person sales, and effortlessly stay informed.
Shopify offers online retailers a suite of services including payments, marketing, shipping, and customer engagement tools.
Connect with your customers, drive sales, manage your day-to-day.
Shopify instantly lets you accept
all major payment methods. Shopify also has thousands of integrations and third-party apps
from on-demand printing to accounting to advanced chatbots and beyond. So go to
shopify.com slash chicklets, all lowercase, for a free 14-day trial and get full access to Shopify's entire suite of features.
Grow your business with Shopify today.
Go to shopify.com slash chicklets right now.
All right, boys.
How are you doing?
You guys all right?
Hanging in there, Chris?
Doing great, buddy.
Doing great, buddy.
I'm interested to talk about this PGA live golf situation with Witt
because I think it's one of the stories that has been taken over the airwaves,
especially in the sports world.
More guys jumping on the live ship, Witt.
Yeah, comes out today.
So their first event is happening this week, Thursday they tee off.
Now, for people who aren't aware, live golf, Saudi-backed new golf league
with Greg Norman as the head.
It's way different because it's three rounds.
It's guaranteed money.
It's a shotgun start.
So every single player will be teeing off at the same time, holes 1 to 18, hence then finishing the same time.
And it's a team event where every week or every event i believe there's eight events this
year um if i get any of this wrong i apologize because i'm trying to like read up on it as it's
been going on the past few months but there's a draft so they had their first draft tuesday night
where they picked 12 captains and then each captain picks four guys or five guys whatever it
is i think there's 48 players total and then there's teams so like there's a there's 48 players total. And then there's teams. So there's an amazing, ridiculous-sized cash pool for these events.
I think it's 25 million for each one.
So the winner gets 4 million.
The winning team gets a bonus.
I think last place will make like 150 grand something.
The PGA Tour for so long, I mean mean dude you you win an event on tour the biggest
thing is you have a two-year exemption on tour but guaranteed money isn't really a thing in pro
golf unless you're just a world beater i mean even the you have to make money from your sponsors
because if you don't play good golf dude you don't make money and you're not only not making money
you're losing so much money because of what it takes to travel and live on the road and do all the things that you need to do to be ready to play without even
getting a paycheck. So, I mean, this, this, the breakaway, breakaway, like golf leagues have been
around for so long. I mean, like Jack Nicholas tried to start something back in the day. Greg
Norman tried to do something in like the mid nineties when he was the number one golfer in
the world. So it's always been an issue. And as this came up, you know, the tour kind of
just like almost acted so much bigger and better. Like, ah, this will never matter. This will never
happen. And it's like, when you deal with these Saudis and how much money they have, that is the
ultimate game breaker. And now all of a sudden they're paying, dude, they paid Phil Mickelson 200 million.
And they paid Dustin Johnson 150, 175 million.
I mean, like the issue now is like all these reporters, all these blue check marks are just so insanely, I'm not going to say hypocritical, but going so bananas on where the money comes from. As a former athlete and thinking of guys who are looking for generational wealth
and to set their family and their family's family up
for the rest of their lives,
it's like there's Saudi money in the English Premier League.
There's Saudi money in Formula One.
The iPhones we're all on are made in China at sweatshops.
It's like there are so many different things.
There's Saudi money in Uber.
And people say when you bring this up, it's not the same's not the same it's like I don't know when you're
offered this much money you could say you would never take it and that's good for you but to
really dog all these guys for taking it I just think is like kind of odd like it's up to them
they're looking to set their families up for life and they're doing that. Now, the issue is like the PGA Tour for me has been kind of a shitty watch for a long time.
The four majors are awesome.
Would everyone agree with that?
And then like the waste management's a great tournament.
I love the tournament, Riviera.
I think it's the Genesis now.
That's a great one.
The one at Memorial they just had
at Jack Nichols' course in Ohio is a good one.
But other than that, it's like there are so many events,
and they're just watered down, and every week's the same,
and the product hasn't changed in so long.
Not to mention for the fans and the viewers of golf,
but also for the best players in the world,
they're not paid as the best players in the world are in other sports
because there's just no guaranteed money.
That's why they created this World Golf Championship. So there's like four or five
of those a year where there is no cut. It's four rounds and last place makes a pretty good payday,
say 50 to 60 grand. And they're doing things like that to try to get these top players
guaranteed money as opposed to like being the best player in the world and being Rory McIlroy
and going to an event. And you know, there are so many fans at the event and watching the event because of you. But if you have a bad week and you miss your
cut, you lost a bunch of money that week to travel. So this live golf has changed that where
they're just handing over cash. Dude, they're handing over millions to no names, no name golfers.
And it's really hard for me to judge these guys and guys who have no status
somewhere to say, Oh my, I'm getting 2 million to go compete in these events where there's 48
guys. And if I win it, I make 4 million. So now you're looking at like, I don't know.
I thought this, I didn't think this would ever take off, but now Bryson's leaving.
Now Patrick Reed's leaving. They're going to be at the next event. I think it's in Portland,
Oregon this week's events in London.
DJ's there.
Phil Mickelson's there.
Along with like Ian Poulter, Graham McDowell, like some pretty big names.
Yeah, they're probably on the back nine, a lot of these players.
But shockingly enough, they're getting guys.
I think Ricky Fowler is going to go.
That's imminent, people are saying.
And here's the issue.
If you start, if you're a professional golf dude
and you watch this tournament go off this week and I, so they don't have TV rights,
I guess it's going to be on YouTube. They didn't televise or put on YouTube, the draft,
which I thought they would considering like, that's one of their things to have a Tuesday
night draft guys are having drinks and picking guys. I thought that'd be something that they
might want to televise or put on the internet. So I'm sure that this week it's broadcast will be like ridiculous.
I'm sure there's going to be a bunch of issues they got to get figured out.
But if you're a PGA tour player,
especially a fringe player and all of a sudden you see a guy finish eighth,
eighth this week and get 700 grand, it's like, uh,
do I consider doing this? And now the issue is what can the PGA Tour
do? So there was rumors before that they'll have a lifetime ban. So now what you're seeing is a
bunch of tour players are actually rescinding and leaving and giving up their PGA Tour membership
because apparently legally, if you do that, you have to sit out one year and then they cannot
stop you from joining the PGA Tour again.
So by doing that, it's like, all right, I leave the PGA Tour.
I'll play in all these events, and in a year, if I want to go back,
they can't stop me legally.
There is just so many hurdles that the PGA Tour are going to have to hop
to be able to figure out a way to punish these guys
because they're literally sitting back right now
and watching their entire business model be crushed to the ground.
Let me ask you this, though, Whit.
What do you think the PGA
Tour generates
on a yearly basis off the backs
of these golfers? And how
much is filtered back to the players
on a percentage basis? I know
recently, given all this live stuff, they
tried to implement
this rewarding players.
The PIP program, which only ends up going to five guys, though.
So do I agree with with the whole Saudi thing?
Obviously, everyone has a pretty strong argument and where the money is coming from and, you know, the association to them and so on and so forth.
to them and and so on and so forth um but like from a percentage standpoint like why is the pga withholding all of this money that these players are generating and not make it so that players
have guaranteed salaries and i'm not even talking about yeah if you're the 150th world's best golfer
and you're on tour i'm not saying he should be getting you know a couple million each year
guaranteed but even having his travel paid for
and maybe like paying for training and then also like maybe, you know,
if they need work done, like massage therapy, ART, whatever it may be,
like there should be something in place to help these players at 150th
to at least sustain a normal living while helping the pga be
the pga see i yeah i i agree and i wish i knew like i don't i think mickelson who like dude is
for sure having a midlife crisis have you seen how he looks his beard he looks like nicholas
cage if i ever yeah if i ever look like that just fucking maybe just
pulled me out behind it's like if i ever see merles playing slots for over 100 i get to
sucker him if i ever look like phil when i'm 50 just punch me in the head but i don't know biz
i i think that's one of the complaints i think mickelson brought that up that they should be
getting more money what is the tour holding back i don't know i i i just know this that like
live golf is also paying for the guys caddies they're paying for the guys caddy fees and travel
which is all on the player in the pga tour so it's like there's so many issues that have come up that
players are pissed off about and when you talk about the 150th ranked player in the world on
the pga tour i think the main issue is the top players in the tour are like, fuck the 150th player. Pay me. People are watching because of me. I don't care about them. Where it's like this huge disconnect between tour members in terms of like, I'm bringing in so much. I'm Rory McIlroy. I'm Justin Thomas. And by the way, those are two guys that said they would never leave the tour. So I guess that's bad analogies or examples, but if you're looking at like players who are making money for the tour in
their mind,
and they're not receiving what they believe they should be receiving.
Those are the guys that are looking at these enormous paydays from live
golf and Greg Norman. So I don't,
I don't know what's going to happen now,
but I do think that if these paychecks are going through, it's like,
I think you're going to see more guys jump. It's less golf.
It's more time with your family. It's more money.
It's like all the things you're saying and talk about the human rights.
A hundred percent. You have an argument there,
but all I'm saying is I'm not going to be the one to sit back and judge guys
for making money. That'll change their lives. Sorry. I I'll be honest with you.
Call me a scumbag. That's me. I just don't understand the carrying of the water for the PGA Tour by every reporter out there.
Every single reporter out there is making every single guy that's jumping to live golf seem like the worst person in the world.
It's like, I don't know, man.
How much money have you been offered to fucking move to a different company?
And there'll be plenty of reporters out there.
I'll say you're a scumbag.
I would never leave for something Saudi backed.
I already just mentioned what a horrible country is and the shit that that
regime pulls.
Yeah,
that's disgusting.
But I don't think you're,
you've even seen the beginning of where this is going to go.
If these first few tournaments run off successfully,
if I was one of these top players, I would be the first one to say that i probably would not jump if you're making enough
to begin with you believe yeah well but like you you said it you said like probably mcelroy like
what does he make a year from nike and all yes he's making like 50 100 million a year so like
what's his exactly i agree with you but if I'm the 100th best golfer
and all of a sudden I can make,
you know, as much in one tournament
for finishing middle of the pack
and where, you know,
maybe I'm making 200 grand a year
and I got a couple of kids
and I got to pay
and life's a risk
and you don't know
what you're going to be able
to do moving forward.
And golf's nuts.
You lose your game.
Dude, look at Ricky Fowler.
He like, he doesn't even like,
he's not even good at golf anymore.
It's just a crazy game.
So you don't know.
And without the guaranteed money, you don't know what's going to happen
in your future golf.
There are guys who've won on tour, and two years later,
they have no game left.
What I'm hoping happens is I hope that it makes PGA rethink it all.
That's what I hope too.
And they reset the table, and then everybody's able to come back.
And then obviously not golf with,
with Saudi back money.
Exactly.
Because ideally you're not playing in a league with Saudi back money.
I'm with you on that.
If it was an ideal world,
the PGA tour would figure out a way to like,
get the guys who make the most money,
more money.
And I don't know what they do.
That's the thing.
And the other crazy part is all these TV contracts with the PGA tour, the guys who make the most money more money and i don't know what they do that's the thing and the
other crazy part is all these tv contracts with the pj tour like nbc and cbs it's all reliant on
strength of field so their business model is like the strength of field we have you know 40 of the
top 100 players in the world in this week's event that's why nbc and cbs pay so much money to
broadcast these tournaments well all of a sudden if a bunch of players are leaving the tour, NBC or CBS could be like, we're not broadcasting that tournament. The strength of field isn't strong enough. You owe us money back or we're not going to broadcast it. And so then you're looking at the entire business model, the tour being like brought down to the ground. My whole goal, as you said, Biz, is the tour becomes, I don't know how to just say, more fun to watch.
It's just, it seems to me, besides the majors,
I'm not really interested in that much golf.
I watch golf occasionally here and there,
but like if it's not a major, I'm just kind of like, whatever.
And I think that's the case for most people.
Whit, are these writers, are they carrying water for the PGA
or are they just like, don't like what's going on?
Not the exclusive.
I should.
Yeah.
I shouldn't,
I shouldn't have said that.
I think from the most part,
a lot of them,
well,
they don't like what's going on,
but what's odd to me is like every single one of them doesn't like
what's going on.
It's a little weird,
right?
Like,
I don't know.
Like every single guy is this upset about all these players leaving.
It seems to me a little bit like they're with the tour.
Well, they want to keep their credentials.
Well, I just want to jump in.
As you can see, I got my Peter Millar chicklets golf shirt on things on real
because it's a huge golf weekend.
I'm going to have one eye on the live with you, L.I.V.
Tour, but also I'm going to have one eye on the PGA win.
And do you know why?
Canadian open?
It's the Canadian open.
So all the players will be flying in and out of Pearson.
So let's see what happens.
Oh yeah.
How many,
how many fucking players are going to be playing with a new set of clubs?
That's what's the under over on that.
Maybe they kept wits for that reason.
Yeah. They have a bottomless pit of money, like the Saudi government.
So like they could give.
I mean, they offered what Tiger like close to a billion dollars.
They said, right.
With like high nine figures, high nine figures.
But like if you're Tiger, why the fuck would you ever do that?
Like, that's just a no brainer for him not to be involved in this.
I think I think personally, I heard they offered him. I heard they offer him a new hooker for him not to be involved in this. I think, I think personally,
I heard, I heard they offered him a,
I heard they offer him a new hooker.
Every,
every tournament he shows up to.
I think every single guy would rather not be involved with live.
I really do.
If it was up to them,
it's like,
I don't,
I don't want to be doing this,
but I'm doing it for the money.
And I think most of these players are sheets.
And it's tax free.
Most of these players are better off coming out.
And instead of like trying to like word jumble their way through interviews,
just being like, I did it for the money. Yeah. Just say that.
I did it for the blood money. Just fucking say that.
I generally don't begrudge guys for getting paid, but yeah,
this, it leaves a solid taste in your mouth, man. It's, you know,
and people like, Oh, we deal with China. We deal with this country.
It's like, okay.
Yeah, all right.
I'm curious.
Explain your take on that.
If we're always constantly using and paying for things that are involved with Saudi and our government does work with Saudi, it's like, I'm curious.
I'm being honest.
Yeah.
No, and again, it's probably mostly a personal perspective.
Again, it's probably mostly a personal perspective.
Maybe, for example, when these guys who signed with Liv,
maybe Liv doesn't charge them.
If one of these golfers wants a reporter chopped up into pieces,
maybe they do it for nothing for them.
You know what I mean?
That's what the government did. I know there's a lot of bad governments out there.
They legitimately hacked up a journalist,
barely even tried to cover it up.
And not to mention the rules in the country.
I mean mean if they
catch someone committing a homosexual act for like a second time they execute them like those are
people yeah i wouldn't want i wouldn't want that money i don't care how much i have if other people
do fine but here's the here's the kicker and and this there's not it's not uh i don't know what
the smoking gun is but and people forget it like 19 of the 21 fucking hijackers, a 9-11 from Saudi Arabia.
And there's lots of stuff you can read out there.
There's a pretty good fucking chance, better than good, probably 99 percent that Saudi government officials were fucking helping those guys get money, do whatever, move around.
People involved with the government were helping those cocksuckers who had a fucking blow up the Twin Towers.
So, yeah, that's that's the fucking kick with me now. I, again,
there's 9 million things you could read. You can base your own opinion.
I've read enough where I think, yeah, not that the,
maybe not the top guy of the government,
but people within the government were helping those motherfuckers to do what
they pulled off. So fuck that, fuck that place.
People take their money good on them. That's what I,
that's what it comes down to me at the end.
I would, I would never do it either, to me at the end. Like I said, I hear that. I would I would never do it either.
But I'm not going to sit here and and and and like shame people for doing it.
Like, yeah, no, I'm not not shaming them.
Yeah, look in the mirror, but I'm not shaming them.
Yeah, yeah.
It's a it's a crazy time in the world of golf because you might see.
Professional golf, besides the four majors,
just crumble down.
They got no TV contract.
It's on YouTube.
Who knows how the fuck the broadcast is going to be.
Dude, they released the team names.
It's pathetic.
It's like the Fireballs, the Crushers.
Worse than a little fucking T-ball game.
I don't think they got a pr guy
when they made these things it's nuts i don't think they thought gave any thought to it other
than handing over bags yeah exactly and like ra said that the the scary thing i'm using air quotes
is like they have unlimited money like so like if you're the pga tour and you see these guys
jumping now and then you see more guys jump and it's like, holy shit.
Like we really underestimated what this amount of money would make guys do.
So I don't know.
It's yeah, it's it's nuts.
It is.
Yeah, it is.
I would I would I would like to think that I would not be taking.
I actually know.
I know that I would not be taking the money
if I'm some of these guys and have enough money
like Bryson he's got plenty of money
Phil I think he has money although he's a
degenerate gambler I saw the funniest tweet
he got 200 million to go to live
and he just lost it all in an 8 game parlay
but I would yeah if I had that much money
no chance but I'll say this and I'm being
honest if I'm fucking Taylor Gooch, who's like a pretty big-name guy
who jumped over, I think he's 30th in the world,
I don't know if I'm saying no.
That's all I'm saying.
All right, well, either way, nice discussion.
So we'll see what happens going forward.
A couple of sad notes we needed to pass along.
We want to send our condolences to our pal Brendan Walsh.
Anybody who's listened to the show or seen it for a while knows he's part of the Chicklets family.
And he lost his dad, Michael, since our last show.
So, Walsh, we want to give you our deepest sympathies to you and your fam, pal.
We were terribly sorry to hear about your dad, Mike.
He was a great guy, a city guy, born and raised in Southie, went to Vietnam, come home, became a firefighter, and just raised a family in Dorchester.
Just a quintessential Boston guy from that era.
And we're terribly sorry to hear about your loss, Brendan.
So hang in there, buddy.
And yeah, we're so sorry for your loss, Walshie.
And I texted him saying that he said,
I was lucky enough to have a dad who literally was my best friend.
He managed and enjoyed my madness.
True city kid who worked hard for us all.
Before cell phones, I would call him from pay phones
when I landed in whatever town I was in
juniors and call him quickly. Hey dad, I'm getting ready to go.
He always said, okay, uh, it is a kiss for you to play hard, but tough.
So, you know, we, we feel sorry for you, Brendan.
Love you all. She love you, buddy. Love you. I love you all. She, uh,
and also we want to extend our sympathies to Tampa assistant Derek Hollande and his family.
His mother, Donna, passed away a couple days ago as well.
I went to school with him many moons ago.
I became pals with him more recently.
In the last few years, we kind of got reacquainted.
And Derek's a great guy, one of the true great guys in the NHL and the hockey world.
So we're terribly sorry for your loss, Derek.
Please extend our sympathies to your family and hopefully see you back behind the bench soon.
So I don't know if you guys had any other things you want to discuss with.
Yeah, all right.
We have to also send a condolence to Brandon and Caitlin Walker,
who both work at Barstool.
Everyone knows Brandon, college football guy, great dude, really funny.
And his sister, Caitlin, who helps us out with the travel
and is so well-liked at the Barstool offices.
They lost their father.
So Caitlin has helped us so much.
I got to know Brandon a little bit
in the times we go to the city,
as we all have.
So really thinking of both you guys,
we're so sorry for your loss.
And on a positive note to end the show,
I want to shout out Leo Koliakovo.
Carlo played in the NHL for a long time.
He's a buddy of Biz and myself.
And his son just finished
his last chemotherapy treatment for leukemia. And he put out an amazing video of them celebrating
online and put the, put the strength emoji up for his son. Who's been going through something that,
you know, you can't even imagine as a parent. So we're so excited for their family and Leo
to start living his life and no more chemo
treatments and, and continue to crush it. What a tough kid you are. And, and Carlo, great job,
you and your wife getting through that. And we're thinking of you and congratulations. So
a chicklets fan, sorry for the late delay on the episode. We had a blast in the trip. We were kind
of battling some sickness and madness coming home. Um, but we'll be back to you guys next week with
another episode, rounding out the Eastern Conference final,
getting ready with a preview for the Stanley Cup final.
We'll be in New York.
And we love you all.
Thank you so much for the support in Denver and Edmonton and online,
as you always seem to lift us up when we're not feeling great.
So we appreciate it so much and have a great rest of the week.
Go Celtics.
As always, we'd like to thank our terrific sponsors here on Spit and Chicklet. So huge thanks to our friends at Pink Whitney and New Amsterdam Vodka.
Big thanks to our friends over at Sport Clips.
Big thanks to our friends at Omaha Steaks.
Take care, Dad, at Father's Day. Big thanks to our friends over at Game Time. Use them for all
your playoff ticket needs. Huge thanks to my friends over at Shady Rays for taking care of me.
And big thanks to everybody over at Shopify. Have a fantastic week, everybody.
