Hey, Spittin' Chicklets listeners, you can find every episode on Apple Podcasts,
Spotify, or YouTube. Prime members can listen ad-free on Amazon Music.
Hello everybody, welcome to episode 393 of Spittin' Chicklets, presented by Pink Whitney,
from our friends at New Amsterdam Vodka here in the Barstool Sports Podcast family.
What is up gang? 82 games done, three playoff rounds done, the Stanley Cup final is finally here.
We have the two-time defending champs versus the number one contender a dream matchup we'll get to in a little bit first we say howdy to the boys like we usually do producer mikey grinley what's the word brother uh nothing
really i mean it was a pretty slow weekend for me i actually went to a two-year-old's birthday
party and had a blast free food free drinks there was even a specialty ice cream truck so
that's a sign i'm getting old
when i'm spending my saturdays at a two-year-old's birthday party having a blast but then sunday was
uh just spent prepping for the release of our new bathing suits the pink whitney bathing suits
coming out this week so uh very excited for those i was doing a little modeling in those
in walks chris hansen what what birthday party charges for drinks and food? You mentioned free drinks at
the two year old birthday party. So so this was a big debate amongst me and my girlfriend heading
to the party. I was very upset that she didn't want because I was like, we need to bring beers,
we need to bring booze. And she's like, you don't do that at a two year old's birthday party. They
provide that stuff. And I didn't know that. to a two-year-old's birthday party before well are
you saying because then it gives the heads up to the guests whether they should be drinking or
they maybe don't condone it what do you i mean where you would know more than anyone you've had
a couple your youngest one hasn't hit two yet but you've been to a couple two years two-year-old's
birthday do you bring booze to the birthday parties?
I live under the premises.
Does that make any sense?
Are we premises?
Premise, I guess.
I live under the premise.
I don't even know if this is the right word,
that if you want to have drinks,
wherever you go, bring your drinks.
And I'm not talking to like a public place in terms of a restaurant or a movie theater.
I'm saying if you're going to somebody's house and you want to have drinks just bring your drinks it's very simple you can bring
what you want to drink you don't have to rely on them giving you drinks you don't have to rely on
them giving you bad drinks but if you want what you want you bring them in terms of two-year-old
birthday party i guess it could be looked at as a little bit of an issue in terms of a drinking
problem if you're the only guy there with booze.
So like Grinnelli's girl saying like, Mike, it may be a dry party.
And then you're sitting there slamming back pink Whitney nips in the backyard.
And the dog's like chewing on the little bottle after.
We can't be having that.
Okay, so you've been on a run lately. So I'm going to take your advice.
And in fact, we might even actually be getting listen to wit shirts.
And Grinnelli, you can hand one out to your girlfriend when they do get printed but i was
just imagining in my head like the things that maybe ra would consider bringing to a two-year-old's
birthday party well first of all you'd have to get me to go to a two-year-old's birthday party
no i'm i don't get invited to them because i don't when you don't have kids man it's actually
kind of like a good built-in excuse like you don't even get invited like all my friends with kids when you're on it when you
don't have oh yeah i'm sure that's why you're not getting invited actually it's because we don't
want rice crispy treats that is stuffed with shrooms that's one of the kids can eat yeah
that's kind of what i was thinking like the the old man walks in already he's doing a key
talk in the bath it's like like, come on, dude.
Come on.
No, we got to crusty the clown here.
I need to fucking go on stage.
And then we got the magician after.
I know how he did that.
I know how he did that.
Oh, shit.
But it was probably a relative, though, right?
Or her friends or something.
Yeah, it was a cousin.
Yeah.
No, it was a Craigslist ad.
What they have for booze.
Tons of high noon.
So I was just crushing all the new high noon flavors,
which are awesome, mind you.
Facebook Marketplace.
Come to a two-year-old's birthday.
Grinnelli's like, I'm all over this.
Done.
Oh, perfect scene for me.
Specialty ice cream machine, too?
I get some free food.
I got the perfect little outfit that I can get her.
That is true, though. When you don't have't have kids man you're not in that orbit like parties whatever just you know you don't have kids you're not in that list and i'm all right
what what amount of money would a chicklets fan have to pay you to maybe like dress up as a clown
for a kid's birthday party oh that would be hilarious wow um i don't know i mean every man got his price it depends i
guess 5k for a two-hour shift oh fuck yeah are you kidding me okay over 500 under the table like
fucking green i wouldn't cut this out you added a zero and you get a rider list so any chicklets
fan out there who would hire ra as their. as their Bozo the Clown,
we'll do a two-hour shift, flight, hotel, and, of course, the riderless.
It might actually be more than that. The riderless is going to cost triple my fee.
Hey, unfortunately, though, there's kids waiting for, you know,
what do they call those things, the balloons that you could shape
as like animals, you know those guys?
Balloon animals.
Balloon animals, I guess I i should put that one together but ra is just over sucking out of the
hydrogen thing the helium hey aren't you supposed to be doing i got nothing i can't even form a
sentence right now no no dead sober on a monday afternoon I will say, though, if you're smart, be like everyone in Canada and listen to it.
Oh, my gosh.
I know.
The intros have all discombobulated.
We got to jump right into that.
Like, was this today?
This clip come out?
Did this happen in Canada today?
Of course, we talked about what last week.
He went viral with his piercing rant.
The next day, Toronto Sun.
Hell on Earth.
Whitney's fucking quote.
Big, bold letters on the front page. and behold that had a ripple effect the uh what's it the
transport minister announced the government was going to pause all mandatory random covid tests
blah blah blah and then fucking monday what is it called parliament up there well the prime minister
listened to wit whatever whatever the senators and end the mandates get rid of the mandates
all right i mean you even like like what type of politician was talking about it do you know Listen to wit, whatever the senators or whatever. And end the mandates. Get rid of the mandates. All right.
Did you even, like, what type of politician was talking about it?
Do you know anything about Canadian politics?
I really don't.
I mean, I know it's sort of the equivalent somewhere between England and America.
I don't know the names.
It was probably a this hour has 22 minutes segment.
And we don't even realize that it wasn't actually parliament talking about it.
But we probably got to roll this clip for a lot of people
to understand what the hell we're talking about.
Wit has reached Canadian political levels.
Shout out Michael Barrett. Play it for him, G.
The Prime Minister won't listen to Canadians.
He won't listen to the opposition.
He won't even listen to the doctors in his own caucus.
It took American hockey player Ryan Whitney of spit and chiclets fame
to light up Twitter to make the government react in classic liberal big announcement, little action fashion.
They listened to him once. So maybe they'll do it again.
Will the prime minister listen to wit and end the mandates?
So, yeah, I mean, that is now imagine the bingo card.
At one point, it'll be asked the Canadian parliament and be told the prime minister will be told from another party to listen to wit.
The American mass hall bombing in from Pearson Airport.
Hell, I love to.
I love the front of the Toronto Sun.
I mean, is it star or sun? There's two of them. There's star and sun. Pearson Airport, hell. I love two. I love the front of the Toronto Sun.
Is it star or sun?
There's two of them.
There's star and sun.
So maybe the one that I made the cover of would be similar to the Herald in Boston,
and I wouldn't even sniff being on the Globe if that makes any sense. The way newspapers seem to lean politically now, which is a joke in and of itself.
But, I mean, yeah, some kids sent me the tweet.
Our papers are really into astrology up in Canada.
He goes, big fan, Witt.
Love the pod.
I wanted to share this vid from one of our MPs today.
I don't even know what MP means.
Tagline, listen to Witt and end the mandates.
I said, that is incredible.
He's a smart guy.
And then I wrote it and Michael Barrett himself
tweeted me his tweet let I wrote back let's go oh he's typing right now he's typing let's see if he
sent something back he's dming you yeah he's dming and he's typing hey he's asking for a donation
for his party if he if he you know you could see the the dots as he's typing and then just
he sends nothing that means he's so nervous to write to me he's just deleting what he's typing and then just he sends nothing. That means he's so nervous to write to me. He's just deleting what he's sending.
It's a dick pic.
We're on a nice horn, Michael.
We're wrapped in another political scandal.
I said, if only I could have my wife watch this.
Listen to Whit.
I'm going to tell her.
So a couple of things.
Oh, he didn't send anything.
He's typing, deleting.
He's typing.
He's trying to get his message perfect.
It's like a guy with a crush.
No, his intuition's kicking in that we're probably talking about this on the podcast.
So he's making sure he knows what the fuck he's typing.
I ride for Michael Barrett.
I'll say that.
I saw his Twitter.
He's got five kids.
So he's been to about 1400 two year old birthday parties with free booze and free food.
What's his stance on abortion?
Hey, Michael Barrett.
and free food what's his stance on abortion um hey my hey michael barrett michael barrett just quote tweeted you writ wit with a t-shirt that says listen to wit already has the t-shirt made
there we go is it that crazy of an idea some people may say yes in terms of me i think you
might want to listen to me i'll say this though not always not always so only uh well one funny
thing is what you wrote to the group text as you you said, I got to get my wife one.
Yeah, yeah. I just said that, too. That's even funnier that you just had it, too.
Oh, no shit. You just fuck. See, I was thinking about what I was going to say next.
And I completely missed what you were going to say, which happens sometimes.
That's a great point. People listening. And I think we've brought this up.
You do not understand because most of you listening are a high percentage of you don't host a podcast.
You're quite often trying to think of what are you going to say next?
What is going to be my response to talking points?
What is my topic going to be next?
How am I going to form a sentence?
And we miss things.
We miss things with each other.
We miss things in interviews.
So don't ever throw it past us and think we're really not listening.
It's more about preparing to sound smart on our end.
Well, that and I'm not a good listener um but what i what i was gonna uh mention was the only thing that would have made
that viral video even better was if we in fact went to calgary and you had a pierced ear and
that i know i know i was actually thinking that if i had the bonds cross earring and that although
maybe that wouldn't have got as many hits because some people would have hated the look like the ear would have looked
even worse i don't know but if it was a pink whitney cross earring yeah i imagine we're
hitting four million views not stopping at two yeah yeah this is the first time you've altered
like canadian history to this point because i mean that's literally like i got the oil
and listen canada in general like i mean i think we hammered on it hard enough last podcast.
And given the fact of these delays at the airport specifically,
I would say that yes, Canada is partly to blame,
but the whole reason that you have to get these tests done is because of the
United States side.
You don't need to take a test in order to fly into Canada you have to
take that test and then show it in Canada in order to travel into the States so I know that South
Park started this whole blame Canada thing I think it's going a little bit far I think we can agree
that the hate can be snapped around a little bit between the U.S. and Canada both countries are
a disgrace right now I'm not trying to say Canada is any way worse off than the United States.
All right.
Although it is very unfair, I think, that unvaccinated people cannot travel to Canada.
So I'll say that.
I'll stick up for all these people out there.
That is not fair.
All right.
Flame Canada.
Flame Canada.
What is the other South Park thing that was involved in my airport wait?
Were they talking about lines and waiting?
Did you see that, Grinnelly?
What clip is that?
Is it from skiing?
Are they talking about skiing?
Yeah.
Memes just made a meme of when Carmen was waiting in a 10-hour long line
to get into a ski park.
Oh, speaking of memes.
Yeah, yeah.
We got to talk about memes.
For everyone at home, that video of our trip to Edmonton,
I thought came out great.
Great job editing.
I don't know if it was Sean.
What's our new guy's name as well?
I apologize.
Fish.
Fish.
That vlog was Sean-o though.
Okay.
Sean, great job.
Fish is doing a great job.
And one of the funniest moments for me was memes.
And for people who haven't seen the video, please go check out our YouTube, subscribe,
do all that good stuff to help us make more content.
But in this video of the trip to Edmonton, it shows the part where in the middle of the meet and greet or the party at
Greta memes came up to me.
This has to be like three hours into it.
He's like,
where are you paying for your beers?
I'm like memes.
We have free beers.
He'd been buying beers the whole time.
He probably spent a hundred bucks on his beers.
Meanwhile,
there's 150 empty just beer cans and
cases of liquor that he could have just dragged for himself so in classic memes fashion he comes
from out of nowhere wondering why he and where he should be paying for most of his beers um but
that's to his defense though he's not used to traveling on the road with us this is something
that has been integrated as of late he ended up coming i think his first trip with it was with a score bet when we went to
toronto and then of course just being the second one but uh he's gonna get coming on the road more
often and oh my god what a treat he is and for those of you who are like who the fuck is memes
then you haven't been paying attention to the podcast for uh for far too long he was a kid who
just started a memes page and was doing it,
just, you know,
hanging out at home and, you know,
amplifying the podcast and the jokes that we did.
So we ended up hiring him.
What probably going back close to two years ago.
And he's been around ever since.
And his role's grown within the podcast.
And I know you mentioned Sean and fish,
but our team is growing little by little and it's,
it's been a hell of a ride, man. And it's great to get everybody on the road and join that.
Memes is a huge, huge asset. He's available at all times of night. You can text him at 3.00 AM
to make you a meme and he'll do it. Also a great hockey player. We're adding him to the barstool
roller hockey team. We've tried to get him to the last two, but he's got stopped at the border and
sent back to Canada each time. So time so so but he'll be he'll
be an r.a could travel together because you know they're both getting patted down they're just in
the in the bottom of a bus like that kid from in the ohl they tried to sneak in all right i kind
of want a little all right who do you want to get intro first wait do you want an intro i kind of
want an intro i'll take it i think i already got intro you give it to one of his nasty out in the dirty desert all right next up our boy down in the dirty desert paul biz nasty bissonette what's up buddy
you got the familiar background once again behind you always love to see it i tell you what it's
been nice to lay low a little bit not the the rowdiness of traveling across the country non-stop
with tnt and the podcast so i know i mentioned it last week. Very grateful for the TNT staff and everything they did for us as far as the talent side
was concerned.
I want to once again thank all our co-hosts, Liam, Anson, Wano, Talkit, everybody.
But it's been great, man.
Just laying low.
And now the focus has completely turned.
And the reason I wanted you to give me this intro, Chicklets Cup. That's what's next great, man. Just laying low. And now the focus has completely turned. And the reason I wanted you to give me this intro,
Chicklets Cup.
That's what's next on the agenda.
We are going to Buffalo.
We got a stacked, stacked A division.
Apparently, Noseface Kilo was not going to come.
And Grel, you might need to know more of the details.
But now he is, in fact, coming to retain his back-to-back title.
He's basically the Tampa Bay Lightning of ball hockey.
Call him John Cooper, call him Stammer, call him whatever you want.
This guy's going for the three-peat.
I was just told that Noseface will be making a big announcement
very, very soon when everybody least expect it.
So I don't know what that means, but just expect a big announcement from him.
I actually think he might have ditched his team winter so that's the rumor so he's now lost his original team from detroit he found a bunch of other guys
to help uh help him win the second title he thinks he's a one-man band and he is he a team cancer is
the question that might that's the rumor going around.
And listen, he can come on the podcast.
We can get him on before Chicklets Cup if he wants to talk after Chicklets Cup.
I think that he's earned the right to come on the podcast for the way that he's competed.
But, hey, all of a sudden, if you're ditching your teammates that you've won it with left and right,
I mean, it kind of says a lot about who you are.
Now, I may sound a little bit hypocritical.
Merle's is not on my team for this second kick at the can.
I got Terry, Ryan, and crew.
We still have a few guys to collect.
I think we're still looking for a goaltender,
and we might have two available spots.
You need a goalie, dude.
We need a goalie.
We need a goalie.
But I'm not crazy about the fact that merles bailed out
on us last couple games because he hurt his toe long way from the heart i love merles i love what
he brings to the podcast i love what he brings to the gambling side of what we do but if you're
gonna fucking bail out on me because you got a sore a big toe you can fuck right off i've played
through much worse than that wit grinnell ra you guys can chime in on
on the fact that i'm now kicking merles off our team he can go away for a tournament or two and
think about it maybe he can do hey who knows maybe he assembles his own team i don't give a shit what
he does he ain't getting in the invite from the big deal selects his tourney in buffalo i heard
merles is uh working on his own team i don't know if that's confirmed or denied but there are reports that he's working on his own team right now and they are uh they're
pretty stacked is what i heard all right bubble hockey team or street hockey no street hockey but
we've been getting a lot of response on this bubble hockey nonsense i love bubble hockey we
had somebody who uh who makes the tables reach out uh we're gonna get something
going so maybe when we're traveling around north america going to these bar appearances we start
incorporating the bubble hockey tournaments in the midst of crushing pink whitney and crushing
some pints and really enjoying some fun times with our fans in the meantime in buffalo at the
chiclets cup we'll have some we'll have some tables there, and we're going to see who can take down Merles.
I'm so interested to see if anyone can. I was blown
away. He was on the pod, so I didn't want to pump
his tires too much. I was blown away.
I tried playing him.
It was like, oh my God, I'm not even on the same
playing field as this guy right now.
If somebody could show up, maybe there's
some other great players out there, but he's
going to be tough to beat.
I think some people thought I was exaggerating about it.
He licked me both games, and I've never been used and abused like that on a bubble hockey table.
Let's just put it that way.
And you'll take being used and abused anywhere.
Ping pong table, fucking fold-out table, picnic table.
All right, you're pretty good.
I mean, I beat you.
But, yeah, I didn't even see you guys there because that was crazy.
I mean, we had fans all over the place.
I didn't even know you guys were playing at that.
I was trapped in another corner talking.
Not trapped.
Wrong word to use.
But in another corner shooting the show at folks.
I didn't even know you guys were playing.
I would have gladly taken a challenge while we were at Greta's there.
But that was pretty nuts.
Supposedly, Frankie Borelli is like an all time bubble hockey player.
So we have a match set Frankie Borelli versus Murley prime time bubble hockey,
and that'll take place in Buffalo.
So I saw the last thing I'll say about the,
the roller hockey and ball hockey tournament in Buffalo,
which I think we have like over 50 teams on the waiting list right now.
We mentioned that we are going
to have live entertainment on the friday night we're currently working on that hopefully at least
two different acts uh one being a rock band uh you know anything like soft rock and then leading
into maybe dante the the dj is he going to be available that weekend g yes he is dante should be there so he he's fucking awesome he'll be a riot um
somebody was bitching about the price where i'm like i don't think people who haven't been
understand what you get when you come to the price cup it's i think it's it's basically it
comes down to 150 bucks a guy where we set up the boards it's a legitimate tournament 150 bucks a
guy people are complaining about yeah not only do
you get the uh i'll get back to the sign up and the registration on the thursday but friday we set
up the two acts it's open bar you get food there as well it's it's a unbelievable value for what
you get so anybody doubting and like what we're putting on as far as an event i think you're
fucking out of your mind and talk to the people who ended up going to Vegas and see if they thought it was a fair value based on the party we want to throw.
So anybody who didn't get accepted as far as a tournament's concerned, you can come join us in that event Friday night, all the live acts.
Come enjoy a couple pops with us and hang out, even though you didn't get into the actual tournament itself.
couple pops with us and hang out,
even though you didn't get into the actual tournament itself.
We,
for all the people who show up on Thursday for the registration,
we have a massive surprise for you.
So show up for the registration.
We will have a private event booked off for those are all the people who are going to be involved in the chicklets tournament come by.
We're not saying what it is.
We will give you the location of where we're throwing
this private event and we have a special special surprise for all you chicklets fans who are
fortunate enough to get involved with the chicklets cop all you other people we will see you friday
for free live entertainment at where again g at the river works baby river works in buffalo it's
going to be a blast somebody's probably going to shank me if somebody from the sabers fan base doesn't shank me i'm sure somebody from new york will drive in and shank me it's going to be a blast. Somebody's probably going to shank me. If somebody from the Sabres fan base
doesn't shank me, I'm sure somebody from New York
will drive in and shank me. It's going to be a hell
of a time. You've pissed off the
whole state. The whole goddamn
state. North to south. This is
for posterity. Last but not least,
your new Prime Minister of Canada, the
with Ryan Whitney. What'd you do all weekend, buddy?
I don't think we even asked you. Played in the
Boston Golf Invitational.
An unbelievable member guest thrown by a beautiful golf course.
I was actually a member there for a few years before I left for Old Sandwich.
I had a couple complaints when I was there in terms of the greens never being great.
They have completely flipped that switch.
I mean, now the place is so pure.
The greens are unbelievable.
Such a hospital staff pro. It was awesome. Me and my buddy, Andy Luther, just trounced through the top flight,
winning our flight. You get to the finals where they have 10 flights. So all the flight winners
go to a par three, the 18th hole, and you do a shootout alternate shot. One guy hits next guy
putts right next guy putts it in you go back the guy who
didn't hit the t-shot he does it again uh my buddy hit it on the green what did i do i left the pot
about three four feet short he lipped it out we make bogey two teams made par they go back and
then they battled it out the eighth flight winner ended up taking down the entire invitational they
are the champions but we won our flight that was the goal going in or one of them
and it was a blast it was a great weekend um other than that family time hanging out same old same a
lot of swimming now a lot of swimming and for people who have kids they know whenever you get
the chance take your kids swimming it wears the shit out of them they pass out like absolute rocks
at night after a day of swimming.
So I've thrown Ryder.
I throw him up.
I do this giant flip.
I must have done it 150 times this weekend.
I'm talking just like, I don't know how he isn't dizzy.
We might have to check concussion syndrome in terms of all the flips he's doing.
But every night he passes out and sleeps 12 hours,
and it just creates a nice little energy leading into the next day.
He's cross-eyed now
but i really think he likes it and tires him out well it was a beautiful weekend here in boston i
saw lots of pink whitney flowing during the parade here in my town yesterday so make sure the pink
whitney is flowing at all your get-togethers all summer stop by your local tavern order some up
stop by your local liquor store get some there take it as a chill show i don't like the way i
like it with a little bit of club soda either way enjoy our five times distilled vodka infused with the fresh lemonade
fresh pink lemonade flavor excuse me pink whitney get some of that pink whitney wow ra is buzzing
what did you do this past weekend ra uh let's see i took it relatively easy i watched the south
exclusive tough one friday night uh obviously watched game six saturday night took it easy and local Bunker Hill Day Parade here in Charlestown yesterday they hadn't had it
for the last few years because uh obviously the COVID situation and last yesterday was a huge
turnout the whole town was packed and you know Charlestown's a neighborhood that was historically
an Irish Catholic neighborhood and it's gotten gentrified the last 30 years and it was actually
great to see like so many people who came to town and like you have all the old new old residents all the new residents and you know 30 years ago it was what
what i'd call an uneasy mix like now people sort of live in a lot more in harmony and the new
residents like to booze as much as the old residents so it was everyone likes boozing
oh everyone likes boozing exactly so but it was cool to walk around see everybody and and talk to
the old residents and the new residents and it was it was a really cool day and believe it or not
i didn't booze obviously because i'd still be out today if it was a classic parade from 30 years ago
but it was just nice to have the parade back in town and see a bunch of people my relatives come
down and we hung out and had a real good day together so uh what's nice nice relaxing weekend
what was there like floats specific floats or was it more of like the the you know firefighters or
the cops or the little bit everything i mean if the fire trucks always lead it off well they go by to kick it off and then like it takes like an hour for the
rest of the stuff to go in case they have to go to an emergency but yeah you got you know the
obligatory political thing uh politicians going through different floats the mayor of charleston
all you know your typical parade stuff all kinds of great bands uh but it's just a huge tradition
in this town we didn't have it for a couple years and everybody came back in droves and it was just a really nice day we had awesome weather and
it's a point of proud point of pride for our town i mean all the neighborhoods in boston
southeast got obviously st patty's dorchester's dot day parade so it was good to have the parade
back in town after the covid layover and uh it was just good to spend the day with some family
so nice stuff uh also we got a pair of interviews today.
We're doing a little something, change of pace, a little something different.
Stu Feiner, you may or may not know him.
He's the gambling guru.
God, going back 40 years.
What's the name of the movie, Mike?
Two for the Money, baby.
Two for the Money with Al Pacino.
Al Pacino, Matt McConaughey.
This is not loosely based.
It's basically based on Stu's life.
He's a character.
We're going to get to him later. And also our friend Jake
Tebow. I'm not sure if anyone
out there caught the video of him over the weekend. We'll get to
that a little bit later. Just a tremendously
inspiring and wonderful individual. We'll get to his
story when we bring him off for the interview, but
just a little something different and we're going to have some fun
today, guys. All right? I'm looking forward
to it. Along with wrapping
up a great series, we're going to
talk about the Rangers. We're going to talk about the season a great series. We got to talk about the Rangers.
We got to talk about the season they had.
We got to talk about the champions who will not stop,
who have continued to prove people wrong as they run through series
after series after series.
Who knows if they'll ever be stopped at this point,
along with previewing what should be a heavy metal battle in terms of,
I think, the two best teams in the league. Right. I mean, we're looking at what is it?
Iron sharpens iron. Right.
Like how good of these two teams been for quite a long time.
I can't wait to get into it.
So let's rock and roll here.
Absolutely.
Iron sharpens iron.
Oh, yeah.
I think that's like a proverb or maybe it's from the Bible or something.
Game of Thrones over here.
Iron sharpens iron.
It's true.
All right.
Well, Tampa Bay looks to become the first team to repeat since the New York
Islanders 40 years ago after winning game six, two to one,
a tight check and goalie show Saturday night.
Andre Vasilevsky again showed why he's the best in the world right now.
He outdueled his countryman, Igor Shostakhin, when it mattered most.
Stephen Stamkos got both goals for Tampa.
This guy just keeps getting it done.
Tampa just dominated this game.
And even so, the Rangers were alive late.
Frankie Vetrano got them back into it for about 20 seconds.
And Stamkos, boom, did it again.
Let's go to your take on this game.
Where'd you watch it?
What'd you do?
What else?
I watched it at home.
I was getting ready for that championship match Sunday morning,
just chilling on the couch.
I was just wanting it to end so badly
to send that moron Avery a video.
And let's go back and remember the video
he sent me on Twitter,
trying to be a hard-o after the Rangers went up 2-0.
Let's play it actually quickly, G.
Yes! Yes! Yes!
Come on, Brian Whitney, come on! That's two! That's two! That's two wins!
Two more to go! We're going to Tampa! We're going to Tampa! Stop doubting my team! Stop
doubting my goalie! He's better than Vasilevsky, I told you! I told you!
Two!
That's two!
I mean, can you believe, can you imagine sending that video after winning two games against the Lightning?
A great start to the series for the Rangers.
To get both at home, they had them on the ropes.
Not to mention game three, they went up 2-0.
Oh my God, it was so close.
But do you know what you have to do to beat the champs four times and to send a video like that
after two to be screaming about his goalie being better. It was just, I took so much joy in just
laughing at him and sending him a video right back at the end of the game. Now people think I hate
the Rangers. I do not. I hate a lot of their fan base. A horrible online fan base.
Some great people are Rangers fans.
And I'll say this, Chris Drury, one of my idols.
The guy's won everywhere.
The nicest guy going.
They'll probably end up winning a Stanley Cup with him as GM
because all he does is win.
So I'll always root for Chris Drury.
But the fans online, that's who I battled with.
That's who I really hate.
And so to see the Rangers play as well as they did
and start that series off only for game six,
for it finally to come crumbling down,
while somehow they were still alive.
Because, R.A., you mentioned,
Tampa could have been up 6-0 in that game,
like in the first period.
It was utter domination.
They're at home, looking to close them out.
We all know Vasilevsky's numbers in the closeout games i mean now the rangers are the only team with with
toronto to even get a goal on him in a possible clinching game so if a trano gets that goal but
it was all because it's just turkin and shisterkin probably did outplay vasilevsky in this series
but still to say shisterkin's a better goalie makes no sense. I've had this argument over and over. I don't need to.
But Stephen Stamkos is the guy I want to talk about.
And just before we get your take on everything, Biz,
I'll ask you, or I'll at least say,
with all the injuries Stamkos had been through,
with all the battling he did, he missed the Olympics,
he broke his leg in Boston,
he'd been through so much adversity with the sweep at the hands of Columbus. And then we saw in the Dallas Cup in the bubble. Right. He came back and he scored that goal. Huge. It was it was a great goal and he couldn't do anything else. And it was like I remember saying on this show, like what a meaningful thing for him, because their first Stanley Cup, they finally get it. At least he was part of it in some little way.
Stanley Cup they finally get it at least he was part of it in some little way but still I mean I didn't see Stamkos continuing to play better and better it was almost like dude this kid's
getting a little older he's been in the NHL a long time he's had so many different injuries
this season he has over a hundred points one of the most quiet hundred point seasons I've ever
even heard of in the NHL and And then he does that in game six.
And granted the second goal, maybe it's a little bit lucky,
but he still creates the room to get the breakaway on the pass from Kutrop.
And the first goal was probably a little lucky too.
Usually Shostakovich doesn't let it in, but more than anything,
it's Stamkos kind of standing up for this entire team is like,
we're not going away. My career, it was not on the down end.
It was not on the back nine i continue to get better and
better and it's amazing to watch because after playing in the nhl for this long and still and
still being as good as he is after battling through so many different injuries hats off to him what a
leader a true champion like every other player on that team they know how to win holy shit you
are buzzing there that made up for the start of the pocket.
A little round of applause for the win.
No.
Yeah.
Stamkos.
Steven Stamkos.
I mean, outside of the guys that we've been mentioning nonstop,
I would say Palat had an extremely good Eastern Conference Finals
and got back to the game in which he had in the bubble,
just pure clutchness and adding that second power of
offensive punch and really everybody who had to for them elevated their game offensively in the
absence of point against probably probably moving past uh toronto definitely their toughest task
especially having to beat the the second best goaltender in the world right now in shisterkin
you talked about uh who was better
in that series I want to say they had this exact same goals against average RA and and Shusterkin
might have had a little bit better save percentage but you just watch the games and you see who's
dominating the play five on five and that was Tampa the entire time and outside of any player
I want to talk about John Cooper and the way that he has continually motivated this group
and pushed all the right buttons.
I kind of like, and just the way he also handles himself
in these post-series press conferences.
I call it like the Jeter effect.
It's like you fucking abuse him and you ram him from behind
and you get, you know, a gummer and then you give him a gift basket.
You give him the gift basket on the way out.
You know, you all this jersey, this team's going places.
Oh, they got all the right pieces.
They're going to get over the hump when we're done fucking bending you over.
You know, it's like kind of teeing them up for the,
for the husband in line after what's the movie with Dane cook.
I don't know.
Good luck Chuck.
Good luck.
The little good luck Chuck syndrome going on with Cooper, with the gift basket situation, What's the movie with Dane Cook? I don't know. Good luck, Chuck. Good luck, Chuck.
The little good luck Chuck syndrome going on with Cooper
with the gift basket situation, the post-series press conferences.
And I think that that's one of the headlines for me
is these two coaches going at it in the next series
between Bednar and Cooper
because I feel like he's a young Cooper coming up.
I would say if Coop pulls off this three in a row,
I put him in the  based on his wisdom at the desk based on it all i put him in the same light as like a a phil
jackson like that you're overpassing hockey like you're overpassing scotty bowman just going to
like other levels he is fucking charles barkley wants to hang out with them all the time.
He is just oozing fucking coolness.
And he has,
he's,
he's in the zone as much as any coach has ever been in the zone,
at least that I've ever witnessed in hockey when I've really,
truly paid attention.
I wasn't around for when the Islanders did their thing.
And,
you know,
you could kind of look to Quinville in the years
where they ended up winning three,
and I believe it was a five- or six-year span.
But, dude, to do what he's doing with this group
and dealing with the adversity that they've been through,
and, of course, Vasilevsky being a big reason for that,
I think that he is in the fucking zone,
and he should be a major,
major topic of conversation ahead of most fucking storylines in this
playoff so far.
You're talking about this guy.
He's the,
one of the greatest coaches ever in his first instinct when he wins a
Stanley cup after the game is to FaceTime rear Admiral from the locker.
That's where,
there you go.
I sing on the fucking cake.
I sing on the cake.
I mean,
he's already a hall of famer.
Make him a first ballot.
If he pulls off the three in a row,
he also calls when he needs to find out how to wash his kid's hat too.
Just throw that there as well.
And the funny part is this guy wasn't even like trying to get into coach
and he was playing in a fucking lawyers league.
He was asked to coach a team kind of fell into coaching.
And now he's on the fast track to be a hall of fame coach.
It's, it's, it's a stunning story. It's an awesome story.
He's not on the fast track. He's he's in. Yeah, exactly.
80 second playoff when he's now 12th in NHL history,
he's tied with toe Blake. I mean, he's tied with toe Blake guys,
probably not even halfway done with his career. A tremendous story.
Awesome stuff. And also I want to go to back to Corey Perry as well.
I'm not sure if you guys know,
he gave a speech to the team before the playoffs, and he
said, look, guys, I played against you two in the last
two finals. I know how hard you guys are to
play against when you put it all in,
when you play as a team. And I guess the team,
I talked to Newsy, Derek Alon, he said,
during the playoffs, they would go back to that, sort of remind
the team, like, look, guys, when we do it together,
nobody can beat us. And they kept referencing
at various points during this run.
And obviously, Perry's been a huge part of it. He this year so i mean it's just an awesome story so far
great great point r.a and i'll throw it over to you like buddy like hosa almost lost three in a
row he ended up getting over the hump in that third one i guess in perry's sake he did get the
early cup so monkey off the back but fuck dude imagine going to the finals three times in a row
and not winning it.
That's a kick in the dick.
Yeah, that's a grind to play that late and not really be rewarded
with the actual trophies.
Really tough to think about.
But the true sign of how good Tampa is, do you know the worst?
Do you know in these two or three years now years now every series you know what their worst game is
their first game game one yeah and and i think cooper even mentioned like game one we don't
like game ones you know because there's no adjustments to be made yet right like they talk
about the better the team the better they get as a series goes on. So every single time you see this team maybe start off slow,
they just have so much confidence within themselves to get going better and better.
Like games two and four, they really don't lose.
And it looks like they just know how to end up figuring out teams.
All right, where are we going to choke them out in terms of the puck
and how they get out of the zone?
Where are we going to enter with more speed?
Get the gag ball out.
Yeah, get the
gag ball out it's from the night before with coop and i think that i i think that when you look at
this team and like vasilevsky's the the main reason for me right like there is always that
backstop it's like a qb or a pitcher in baseball it's the goalie it's it's the true confidence
meter in terms of always knowing he's going to be there but everyone else they bring in new players and
they just buy right in and and you cannot you cannot end up outsmarting them because they have
their entire game plan figured out by the end of the series that you you can't really outskill them
because of what they're able to put out especially on power plays they didn't even have point the
last two series i mean they're eight and two without braden point in the playoffs the sweep against
the president's trophy winners and then they lose two to new york and i mean how many times can you
just pump up tampa so i will say the rangers do have a lot a lot to look forward to i mean
the youngest team in the league they have fox locked up they have truba locked up truba by the way one of the dirtier
players i'd say hey i kind of hate him when he tried to hit a lot he ducked him yeah the elbow
scott stevens darian hatcher uh chris pronger he's that he's that new the new version of that
for this he's a fucking cool he's the new move over tom wilson we got a new dirty man in town
yeah but he keeps players on edge keeps them on their
toes but they have him locked up they got fox locked up they got to get miller signed he's got
one more year then they got to get him signed they get the guys up front panera and cryer it's like
they're a young team and because of what i said with the goalie they're not going anywhere so
rangers fans it's like you didn't even expect i think this year to get to where you're at now
and so that was a hell of a season and maybe only the beginning for a team in
New York.
But it's just Tampa.
It is Tampa Bay.
And when we get into the preview and our predictions,
I'll kind of explain why it's always going to be Tampa.
It's like Jersey Jerry.
It was always Tampa.
And I know game one was,
was not very good for Tampa and they were all out of sorts and ended up
dropping game two,
but as bad as that eight day layover probably was from a rest perspective they looked
fucking unbelievable as that series that series wore on in the eastern conference finals so i
actually think it's going to probably pay dividends and i actually i was going to bet on them game one
of this series just because we talked about how those long layovers can affect teams i mean
look at how long colorado's been sitting i mean very similar situation to what you saw in tampa
so going back to the rangers i mean like you pretty much said it all with tons to look forward
to i know we got involved with their fan base and i fucking hate a lot of their fans online and i'm
going to continue that rivalry but as far as the team goes a lot of positives to look forward to including the the guy who's in net who's going
to backstop this team for for a long period of time but the same same old swan song you know
same same goes with the henrik lundqvist days they just can't get the goal support specifically as
playoffs wore on and i mean you can't just rely on your goaltender all the time and giving up all those dangerous five-on-five chances, folks.
What was your opinion on any of you guys, on the Kako scratching?
Who, I mean, he's not.
And then the thing was, Gallant wouldn't answer it.
Gallant, when asked about it, said that was the decision.
He wouldn't give any answer, which people seem to be upset about.
So if you look, I talked about eye tests.
They got dominated. You look at the analytics. answer which people seem to be upset about so if you look i talked about eye test they got
dominated you look at the analytics they got dominated as far as possession and and shots
and overall just play right at a certain point you're trying to shake something up i just think
overall the team looked beat you talked about how young they are and maybe that inexperience of of
you know i i don't know if it was how they were treating their
bodies i don't know if it was the extended and emotional length of the series prior um that
ended up really taking its toll they just didn't have their punch anymore and they didn't have
anyone to go to i guess i was shocked from a perspective of they put stroman who looked like
he was still pretty banged up oh he ended up having that empty net and and remember as far away these two
teams were based on a play perspective they were right right there in these games you know one goal
here one goal there those are wins for them because you know shisterkin's gonna be able to
shut the door i mean that picture of strohm missing that brand that fucking big fat fucking
open net is gonna haunt his dreams all summer long.
But from a shaking up the team and try to try something different
perspective,
I don't blame him for doing it.
I just don't maybe understand putting in a guy who is very,
very banged up.
He already,
I mean,
he looked like he was banged up.
He looked worse than he looked like dry cycle.
And in a game that close,
I mean,
you know,
there was fucking tie game. The third period, it matters, it matters man you could have had even a black ace in there who's
at 100 that's that's that's better than having a guy who's at what 30 i mean he could barely move
out there and i mean i don't know if it was the difference i don't know it's something you're
going to beat yourself up or it wasn't like it was a game seven but yeah he didn't want to answer
it during the game today he kind of gave you know a you know word salad i guess about it he just didn't think he should be in there but yeah i don't i don't think he's't want to answer it during the game today. He kind of gave a word salad, I guess, about it.
He just didn't think he should be in there.
But yeah, I don't think he's going to be taking it to his grave
or anything like that.
If it was a game seven, eh,
but I don't know if it was meant to be either way.
I was very happy with the overall production from that kid line.
I think they gave him jolts of energy and production
at the key moments in order to get to the Eastern Conference Finals.
I don't think game in and game out, Capo Caco is the guy you're looking at
like I cannot remove him from the lineup.
I'm interested to see where everybody on that line
and where they're able to take their game to the next step.
What's the next level?
I think you look to trade Caco, no doubt.
I've said from the very beginning,
I do not think he is a top two line player in the NHL.
He's 21 years old, dude.
He doesn't bring the intangibles.
He doesn't have that skill set, that vision,
and he's fast and he can move.
He's a big guy, but I don't think he's got the scoring touch.
Maybe this kid explodes and he ends up becoming a 30-goal scorer scorer but i've said all along he had a great world juniors draft year and he had a monster world championship
he had six goals in 10 games and he ends up going second overall and sometimes you get hot at the
right time boom it could create a it can create a draft stock and create a draft pick that people
have these unrealistic expectations for and if there's teams out there with what you have to do
in terms of getting mill Miller signed at some point
and getting other guys signed, Lafreniere,
whenever his deal comes up,
if you could get something for Cockle right now, move him.
Move him. It's my opinion. Maybe it's wrong.
But I just do not see...
Like, I love Hedl.
I think Lafreniere is a great player.
I think it was a very dirty play on Hedman in that game.
And Rangers fans saying that wasn't a penalty.
Like, are you smoking crack with R.A. at a two-year-old's birthday party?
I don't know.
But I just don't see Kako as a second overall pick type player.
But I know we already mentioned it.
Great job by the brass in the acquisitions they made at the deadline
in order to get the team to where they got to.
They learned valuable experience.
I think this team's going to be very relevant for years to come.
It's just that their fan base are a bunch of scumbags,
and there was one incident that we got to talk about.
These are the things that you see.
We go back to Cowbell lady i know that
that's a little bit more innocent still mind you very painful and getting kicked out of pnc arena
in carolina now you get this guy fucking all right i'll let you take it over i'm sure you have all
the details yeah and i honestly i don't want to say the guy's name because i don't even want to
like say all my name was on check let's say the fan I guess they were having a chirping
match before and this kid from New York
he just waits till the guy's not looking and just turns
and just blasts him in the face the guy goes
fucking boom falls like a tree
and I guess a good Samaritan fan
tried to chase the guy who punched him down and he
hit that guy too that second guy he got hit
was fine but the first guy had to go to the hospital
he's in you know fucking
in what a stable condition afterwards.
Just a total fucking dirtbag move.
And honestly, like, I went to game seven down in New York for the Red Sox Yankees in 04.
And, like, my friends were like, dude, don't wear opposing gear.
I'm like, I know.
And that's not blaming the victim here.
But that's a perfect reason why.
Because New York's a big city.
There's a lot of dirtbag fans.
There's a lot of dirtbag fans in every city.
But a big city like New York, you got to get more potential dirtbags and when the guy did that absolute fucking scumbag
i'm glad he got arrested uh i know people get arrested in new york every day i don't know what
kind of fucking sentence he's gonna get or look at but just a despicable despicable action man and
i wish they could fucking throw him in fan jail forever i know he's not allowed in the building
anymore if you sucker someone like that you're such over sports over sports exactly over sports like like over you
your favorite hockey team lost the game to this guy's favorite hockey team what are you doing
and not to mention i've said this long or a long time bar fights so stupid to get in
dude you sucker someone like that it sounds dramatic buddy you could kill someone you knock
them out with the punch they
got nothing to land on they land on their head fucking somebody people die that way it's like
have a fucking bit of class use your brain and remind yourself leaving it's a sports game dude
like you care if you're willing to sucker punch an opposing fan yet the players can shake hands
with each other after the freni and stamp
coats are fighting in the game it's like what are you doing like the you it's just yeah all right
you said it well it just makes me sick to my stomach that video was disgusting to watch uh
hey we got to mention the uh the rangers fans who also went over to help him after too oh yeah
right they're not all scumbags they're just as you mentioned a very high percentage of them
uh in new york that root for the rangers and then they try to like claim stamp coats were Oh, yeah, right. They're not all scumbags. They're just, as you mentioned, a very high percentage of them in New York
that root for the Rangers.
And then they try to, like, claim Stamkos spit out Lafreniere
at the end of the fight.
It's like, just because he looked like he, like,
talked down or balked at him or something.
It's like, come on.
No, he poked his eye with his nose.
Yeah, seriously.
Fucking hit him with a tire iron.
But, all right, boys, before we get to the preview and predictions,
any final thoughts on the series before we get to the Stanley Cup?
No, I mean, we didn't really go over game five,
but I don't think we needed to.
I think a lot of it summarized it in exactly what we saw in game six.
So suck on that, Avery.
You can lick my cornhole, you loser.
Yeah, where's my money, Avery?
Pay me.
He owes you some dough now?
Fuck yeah.
All right, we're coming to NYC.
We're going to be there in NYC for games two and three.
We'll be getting a sandbagger when we're there.
Who knows?
We'll see some of you Chicklets fans out.
Hopefully none of you Rangers fans who are about to fucking shank us.
No, we'll be there for three and four, Biz.
Oh, three and four.
Monday's game three and Wednesday's game four.
We'll be live streaming from the Hoboken house those two games.
And we're doing the zoom stream.
Can we tell him G?
Oh yes.
Wednesday night.
We will be doing a zoom stream as well with some special guests joining as
well.
So tomorrow you're listening to this Tuesday morning,
hopefully.
And tomorrow we're doing,
we've,
we've just started these,
this playoff,
the zoom streams.
We all watch on at home and,
and we get on,
we get some guests.
It's actually a lot of fun.
It's kind of like a little bit of a live podcast with a game watch involved.
So I'm looking forward to game one and really seeing how this series kind of starts out.
Avery, have Witt's cash ready on Grinnelli's desk when we get to Barstool headquarters,
or I'm going to give you a fucking swirly, you little rat.
Bitch.
Yeah, it's like a little clubhouse action.
So check that out.
First game, no doubt.
Also, the Stanley Cup final is here.
And on top of that, it's bachelor party season.
So the drinks are going to be flowing, biz.
Make sure you wake up feeling your best with no days wasted.
They've got the ultimate vitamin for when you drink called DHM Detox.
You can no longer afford to wake up feeling like a bag of bricks
after crushing the birdie juice after a few pints.
DHM Detox, no days Wasted also has these gummy vitamins,
the vitamin C, vitamin D gummies.
You got them right there.
First off, they taste amazing.
I take them every single morning.
They're awesome.
But I feel so much better.
Like, I'm not the healthiest eater.
I don't get all the vitamins that I probably should.
I take a vitamin C gummy.
I take a vitamin D gummy,
and I'm good to go,
all thanks to No Days Wasted.
Absolutely, G.
And once again,
the DHM Detox is backed by science.
You take two capsules
after your first few drinks.
It goes to work.
This stuff bailed us out
on the Western Conference trip.
You double up with another packet
if you're going to be
really whacking them back.
We don't leave home
without DHM Detox,
so you should not either.
DHM Detox is a 100
risk-free purchase on your first box
so if you don't love it they'll refund you check out their recovery bundles for the best experience
they're a combo of dhm detox and hydration replenisher these are the only recovery products
that you should be using because they work so damn well together you need dhm detox delivered
quick no days wasted is now on GoPuff. So that means
delivery to your house, a party, or the bar in 30 minutes or less. Just head over to GoPuff and
search No Days Wasted. We're going to hit you with a promo code. Just head over to nodayswasted.co
and use the promo code biz20 for 20 off. That's nodaysw.co, but no days wasted after drinking with biz 20, not a big deal.
All right. Thank you very much. And guys on a serious note,
when we do these live events, when, you know, whenever, you know,
when we were in Edmonton, tons of people come up who have tried the product,
no days wasted. It works the vitamin for people that drink.
It's a risk-free trial. So check it out. You don't like it, send it back,
but helping
tons of people not feel like a hang piece and be productive the next day after drinking and uh big
thank you to nishal who stepped up in a big way and ended up sponsoring those vlogs from our time
in colorado and edmonton so you could check those out on our youtube page as whit mentioned earlier
subscribe like check out all our stuff and And thank you to DHM Detox.
No days wasted for stepping up big time and making all that,
that amazing trip a possibility.
DHM Detox.
Take it away, R.A.
All right, my man.
Like I said, we have an absolutely incredible matchup on hand.
First ever playoff matchup between the two teams, obviously.
The two-time defending champs versus what we call the number one contender.
Guys, first thing I think I tweeted when the game ended the other night,
this very reminiscent back in the 80s when the Islanders and the Oilers were matching up
because same situation.
The Islanders defending champs going against this young up-and-coming team knocking at the door.
And that's what we're going to get.
The only question, is it going to be 1983 when the Islanders won or 1984 when the Oilers won?
And we can't wait to see what happens.
Game one, Wednesday in Denver, 8 p.m.
Again, we'll be live streaming here.
Check it out.
Series line, the abs are minus 165.
Tampa, plus 145.
I was stunned when I saw this line.
Two-time Defender Champs, best goalie on the planet, and you can get them at almost 1.50.
Just an incredible line.
Season series, Colorado was 2-0, Tampa 0-1-1.
Evenly matched.
Let's see, the goaltender, man, Vasilevsky,
regardless of who Colorado starts, it's going to be a mismatch.
We got two of the Norris Trophy finalists.
It's a six-time Norris finalist.
Have faced off in the Stanley Cup finals.
Tampa seeking the first repeat in 40 years.
Tampa's won 82 playoff games since 2015.
That's more than 10 a season.
Second place Pittsburgh has only won 45 games. So Tampa, the team of the last 10 years here.
Also Detroit is the only team with more Stanley Cup appearances than Tampa since Tampa joined the league. I don't think people realize how good they are since they got in the league.
Braden Point right now is extremely probable. We're not sure about Kadri and Cagliano, but
let's go to you first. Your take.
What are you thinking here, buddy?
I truly have no idea what to think.
I think we're in for an amazing series.
I guess I'll get it out of the way right now.
I've said before they won the first one, Tampa's going to win it.
I said I'm not picking against them the next year, And I picked them again and Tampa won it. And now
I'm riding them again.
Until they lose, I am on
Tampa Bay. And the main
thing is Vasilevsky. I was shocked
by the price of the series as well, Ari. I cannot
believe there are that much underdogs.
I understand Colorado is so good.
The biggest thing I'll say for
Tampa is this is easily
not even closely remote remotely close to the other two
in terms of the toughest test they've had in the finals.
Because let's be honest, the Dallas team,
while having a great run in the bubble,
couldn't even sniff them.
And Montreal was maybe the worst team to ever be in the finals last year.
AHL team.
So now you're playing what many people,
even though they didn't win the President's Trophy
because of a great run by Flora at the end, the best team overall this year in the league.
But with Kadri is this X factor.
And yeah, I mean, they haven't even ruled them on a game one.
But if he's able to play, it's like, will he be able to shoot the puck?
How's his thumb going to react?
I just cannot.
I cannot pick against Tampa because of the goaltending and because of what they've proven.
Now, is that kind of a simple argument?
Yeah, I know it is, but I've seen this over and over and over,
and it's like, why would I ever think it's going to be any different?
Yeah, they haven't faced anyone like this.
They have not faced anyone like McKinnon or Makar
in any of the series that they've played.
I'm sorry, I guess Matthews is that good,
but I just think that this team's proven so often
that they're able to rally around each other
and that nothing rattles them.
So even if they go down 0-2 in Colorado,
it's like, they go back home.
They don't really lose at home.
And I think that you'll see goaltending will prevail.
And so another reason that I like Tampa,
and this isn't like an enormous
thing, but we've seen two years and actually a long time as a Tampa Bay player, Alex Cologne
plays a big time hockey. He doesn't have a goal yet in the playoffs. And it's one of those things
where when you talk about having a tough regular season, you can't wait for the playoffs to begin
to kind of rewrite your season, right? You write write a new chapter on your year by having a great playoff well he's had a tough playoff offensively it's now to the
finals i could change the entire narrative on my playoff by getting a couple in the finals i will
be shocked if cologne doesn't score a few goals in these play in these finals now part of it being
you know cory perry's taking his spot as net front on the power play, rightfully so the way Perry could score how good he is in tight. I understand it, but it's just
like when you've gone this far and you haven't had point freak games, you're going to get them
back at some point. Kalorin hasn't scored. Hedman on the back end, McDonough, who doesn't get
discussed enough at all. And then Sergachev has that huge game five in New York with the goal
and the assist. It's just, I cannot pick against this team.
I will not pick against this team.
Colorado, I have no doubt will win a Stanley Cup,
but I just, right now, I don't think it's their time yet.
And the main reason being the big cat in net.
I'm on Tampa Bay in seven games.
And let's just say this.
R.A., quickly, R.A. mentioned Norris Trophy finalists in the same season,
battling it out in the finals.
I think it's the sixth time it's happened.
Well, one of those times was Ray Bork versus Scott Stevens.
When Ray Bork got his cup in Game 7 on home ice in Denver,
I think this goes Game 7, but Hedman lifts it for three straight years
in McCarr's face.
Wow.
Oh, my.
I can't disagree with anything that you're saying.
I was trying to go through the checklist. Wow. Oh, my. I can't disagree with anything that you're saying.
I was trying to go through the checklist.
You know, you go through like every department of the game.
Of course, goaltending, Tampa's getting the edge.
I went to the back end.
I looked at it like this. Based on the full body of work going one through six,
I would say that I like Tampa.
Very similar, though, on the back end right very similar the way i look at colorado is basically like they're going up against toronto
again with a better back end they have the same type of firepower they have a very good uh mobile
bottom six who everyone seems to have their role um The X factor being Makar.
Can Makar bring it to that next level?
And can he continue to expose teams like he's been able to do all season long
by being a one-man breakout, by being that offensive threat?
You mentioned the adjustments and how Koop's been able to find adjustments
after game one for every round and every opponent they've had
not just in game one what will we see throughout the full fucking round of what Kale McCarr can
bring and him doing Paul Coffey maybe even Bobby or things so I'm going to say it's even across
the board on the back end based on them having the x factor but the full six in Tampa based on
experience especially with Hedman McDonDonough, and Sergeyev,
and those three type of guys.
Moving up front, we know Tampa has the weapons up front in their top six.
That's been proven and proven to be able to do it in big games.
I would say that the top six for Colorado, very equivalent to that.
But much like Kale McCarr,
Ken McKinnon fucking bring his game
to that next level those two guys are going to have to carry that extra water for what they're
lacking in between the pipes because we don't even know who we're getting to start out and we know
whoever is going up against Vasilevsky ain't even fucking close to Vasilevsky then you go to coaching
and you base the experience and the intangibles of all that. And you got to obviously give the edge to Tampa.
The only way, the only edge I give Colorado in this series is in the bottom six forward,
bottom six forwards and what they can bring to the table.
But I think that this rest that Colorado has been given throughout playoffs, especially
heading into the finals.
They've lost two games. They've lost two games.
They've lost two games.
I am actually going to pick Colorado and seven.
And I think that the torch is going to be passed off.
I think this isn't 83.
I think this is 84.
And I listen,
and I love all the guys from Tampa.
Am I going to be mad if Maroon gets four in a row?
We haven't even talked about him.
That would be astonishing.
An astonishing achievement for Maroon to go four in a row.
This guy is going to have his post-career teed up on a platter.
He's going to make more money in his post-career than he will during his
playing days for an unbelievable guy who provided everything they provided.
But the dog needs his fucking bone and i think that he is
so fucking hungry and i don't think that he will be denied the cadre loss is very significant and
especially in the swing that tampa's getting back point if you held a gun to my head and said
who you picked betting your life on it, I would probably lean towards Tampa.
But my heart right now is going
towards Colorado
in seven. And based on all
those factors and thinking about it,
that's where my heart lies, R.A.
And
Tampa's eaten enough. The dog needs
to eat. The dog
needs to eat!
Woof, woof, woof, woof, woof, woof, woof, woof, woof, woof, woof, woof, woof, woof, woof, woof, woof, woof, woof, woof, woof, woof, woof, woof, woof, woof, woof, woof, woof, woof, woof, woof, woof, woof, woof, woof, woof, woof, woof, woof, woof, woof, woof, woof, woof, woof, woof, woof, woof, woof, woof, woof, woof, woof, woof, woof, woof, woof, woof, woof, woof, woof, woof, woof, woof, woof, woof, woof, woof, woof, woof, woof, woof, woof, woof, woof, woof, woof, woof, woof, woof, woof, woof, woof, woof, woof, woof, woof, woof, woof, woof, woof, woof, woof, woof, woof, woof, woof, woof, woof, woof, woof, woof, woof, woof, woof, woof, woof, woof, woof, woof, woof, woof, woof, woof, woof, woof to eat. The dog needs to eat. What do you got for us, G?
I'm very interested to see G and R.A.
I have no idea how any of you guys are leaning.
I got Tampa in seven. Let's make some
money. Elio's video today
kind of swayed me. Oh, Jesus.
He picked Tampa.
Plus 165.
I just love the juice there.
I also love Stamkos. Stamkos at plus 1300 to win the con Smythe I love that too so I got Tampa in seven I mean he he would
he would have to legit score seven goals to get it over Vasilevsky right yeah yeah he would have
to score seven goal he would have scored every game in this series, including like three winners in order to fucking get it.
Because I would say that I would probably have Cooch ahead of him right now.
Oh, yeah.
Yeah.
Cooch is like plus 400.
Yeah.
Yeah.
So, yeah, I wouldn't go betting on that.
But the fact that they're getting 165, I thought it was 145 already.
No.
Well, the last I looked at it was plus 145
unless the line went up since then, but
I just checked. It just jumped to 165.
I think. Wow.
Maybe Kajri's playing. Yeah.
Maybe he's got the Russian
gas. Either way, whatever. Tampa plus
150, 160, whatever. Just the fact that
two-time defended champs, that
plus of a number that big is something else.
And Biz, here's a note from our boy Jazz.
Our boy Jazz.
It's the first time both finalists have entered on a winning streak
of at least four games since the 92 final.
Chicago had won 11 in a row going into that final.
Pittsburgh had won seven in a row.
And, of course, Pittsburgh swept the Hawks back in 92.
Interesting little note.
And the Avs joined seven other teams in reaching the final,
like what you said, with just two losses.
Four of those seven went on to win the Cup. And this note was probably the abs joined seven other teams in reaching the final like uh which is said which is two losses uh four of those seven went on to win the cup and this note was probably the craziest of all uh all games are going to be on abc uh here in the states i'm not sure about canada this is
going to be the first time ever that the stanley cup is going to air all games on free-to-air tv
i.e like traditional network tv here in the states so there's no splitting games with espn or versus
or nbcsn it's just crazy that the Stanley cup,
what has never aired entirely on either ABC, CBS, NBC, or Fox.
Now it all,
she is now,
I think we should mention that,
that ESPN owns ABC and it's basically going to be the same coverage.
Just shift it over to the ABC channel.
Right.
It's just more about pay.
Like ESPN is pay cables.
Like you can't get ESPN.
Okay.
But just in other words, free.
Like if you don't have an antenna or a cable, I know that's,
I'm dating myself with that.
Okay.
This is going to be the first time you don't need cable or satellite to
watch every single game of the Stanley Cup.
I guess that's another way.
Well, that's awesome in order to grow the game.
Maybe that was a deal they had in place originally in order to give it
that type of exposure.
One component we didn't talk about though, was the,
was the head coaching battle RA.
And I don't know if you have any more opinions on the overall series itself,
the coaching battle. What do you, what are you thinking?
Yeah, I know it's, it's funny. Cause like, yeah,
obviously we talk about me and Coop and then we talked to,
to Benzie we're out in Colorado and he's such a great guy.
Gave us a lot of time and, you know, I mean,
he's got his family dinner. He's talking to us for for 20 minutes so it's weird man with this job it's
like people like oh here you're rooting for and I you start to root for people more than teams
obviously I'm always a bees guy but you know you root for people you meet and people you like and
I'm torn man it's like I like I like so many people involved with this but you know what
Tampa Bay I think they really turned the corner after that game three versus the Rangers where
they kind of really rediscovered their game and just kind of focused in uh and i can't help
but keep going to the goaltenders man and that's such a huge position no doy but vasilevsky over
whoever he goes whether it's francois or or kempa it's just such a huge disparity so i'm gonna go
1983 business a tamper and six they're gonna win it wow i i hate saying sorry nate sorry landy
sorry benzie but i just i just think there's just too much of a discrepancy and koopa yeah he's
obviously got a little bit of advantage just by dint of having that much more experience in these
finals but honestly i hope we get a 70 game series that goes over time just for the for the
entertainment factor because it's the stanley cup and that's what we want and that's the other thing
283 84 i think one was a sweep and one with five games so hopefully we'll get at least six or seven games
and and let's just get an entertainment series that's really all i want who are you guys are you
gonna bet colorado game one then wit given that you what you know about tampa and game ones this
playoffs no i'm actually not because i think that in what happened to tampa against the rangers i
think the layoff can hurt so i I'm going to take Tampa game one.
Same, same.
And then it turns into just panic mode for Colorado to get game two.
So I'm with you, R.A.
Like, this is the best time of year.
You're always waiting for the Stanley Cup final every single season
until I'm no longer on this earth.
I'll be watching.
I'll get a little teary-eyed when the Stanley Cup comes out.
It's just like you think to being young, you think of what after playing,
what these guys have gone through and how much pain physically all of them
are in and like just seeing the shiny cup he brought onto the ice and
whether it's a not record-breaking but just insane run of three in a row
for Tampa or you see McKinnon and McCarr and Landeskog.
Landeskog's been there for so long, 16-17, the worst team in the league.
And then to see him raise it, it's like it's hard not to get emotional,
I think, playing hockey for as long as we have.
And even if you're just a fan of hockey, of seeing the Stanley Cup come out.
So I just hope for a great series.
And it's also the annual reminder that we've never had a Game 7 in the stanley cup final go to overtime that's all i've wanted
ever ever it's never happened i'm pretty sure it's never happened and and just to get the chance if
we could get game seven ot i think you're looking at 15 million people tuning into the game like
it's like oh my god like next goal wins the Stanley Cup. That would be fucked.
That would be.
Yeah, the amount of butterflies in my stomach thinking about it.
We're going to be doing a Maya Culpa next episode and the fact that, like, two game sevens have went down.
It happened in, like, 98.
Yeah, yeah, idiot.
It hasn't happened in the expansion era.
I know that.
Yeah, maybe it happened in the 50s or something.
Last time we had a game seven was St. Louis and Boston,
and that one was a bit of a dud.
I thought that was a bit of a letdown, although the series was incredible.
I'm like you, though.
I have goosebumps thinking about this one.
I think we knew the writing on the wall against Dallas and Montreal.
This is  you couldn't have
We have no clue.
We have no clue.
Nobody does.
If you would have tried to handpuck opponents at the beginning of the season
saying this would be an awesome final, this might have won the poll or whatever.
Two Southern teams, Biz.
Yeah, two Southern teams going at it.
So that's pretty much it for the breakdown, guys.
And if they want to raise the cup,
Colorado is going to have to get that contribution from the JT confers
and those bottom six guys because they are looking at a mighty strong opponent in in Tampa.
You know, because I was looking at a map. I'm not sure if it was on the PG or not, but, you know, Colorado, I could see how you made that mistake because it does border, I think, Arizona or New Mexico on the bottom there.
So, you know, it's below Wyoming. I'm like, you know, it wasn't the worst mistake, you know,
because it is in that southwest corner.
So I'll take a little bit of criticism back that I gave you.
We're like on the cusp there, and I'm willing to admit I'm wrong.
But it wasn't that wrong.
So either way.
Last thing before we go and maybe move on to some other hockey topics,
miscellaneous stuff is like I kind of feel bad that the name Anthony Sorelli hasn't been brought up yet
because you're looking at a truly kind of game breaking type of defensive
player.
I mean,
Matthews,
he's moved on.
Who am I forgetting in Florida?
What's his,
the Barkov.
And,
and,
and now you just see,
you see what he did in this last round against Kreider and Zibanejad.
It's like this guy is so difficult to play against.
He's such a great skater.
His IQ is off the charts and he's willing to get dirty
and he gets in the areas of the ice that it hurts to be at.
So to have a player like that,
that is who McKinnon's going to be dealing with,
at least when Cooper's able to get that done on the road
and at home it'll be a little easier.
And that guy's top in the league at just shutting down star players.
So we'll see how that matchup goes.
He's like a Deneau or like a Bergeron?
Faster.
I'm not going to say he's better than Patrice Bergeron defensively.
I think last time we mentioned good defensive forwards,
we didn't mention Pavel Datsouk and I got a couple death threats from him.
Yeah, that was crazy.
Oh, yeah.
Because when you forget someone saying something,
that means you don't like them.
That's fucking the world in 2022.
We're getting ready to send it over to our friend Jake Tebow,
but first I know the wit dog had a word for us.
Yes, guys.
I'm here to talk to you about Peter Millar.
The best in the business.
It's all I wear.
It's what I have on right now, actually, is Peter Millar golf shirt, the comfiest, most stylish shirt in the game.
And polos are an essential piece of our warm weather setup.
And we count on Peter Millar every season to keep us comfortable and, like I said, stylish. performance polos are made from an ultra soft jersey knit fabric that features performance benefits like four-way stretch moisture wicking and upf sun protection which is important they
have a huge variety of solid stripes and prints which makes it really easy to find the perfect
polo that suits your style i i i'm not kidding i only wear peter millar even when it's not a
chiclet shirt i'm rocking and if i'm at a pro shop and of course i want to buy a shirt i buy peter
millar every pro shop has peter millar I want to buy a shirt, I buy Peter Millar.
Every pro shop has Peter Millar because that's how good the quality of these shirts are.
And the overall company, they make so many different aspects of clothing.
They got pants.
They got shorts.
I wear it all.
I love Peter Millar.
So please be sure to head over to PeterMillar.com slash Chiclets to explore the entire line of performance polos
and use the code CHICLETS, that's C-H-i-c-l-e-t-s to receive
complimentary shipping check out the u.s open this weekend at the country club you'll see a bunch of
guys wearing peter millar it is the best to go to petermillar.com slash chicklets right now and now
we're gonna go to our pal jake tebow well we're very happy to welcome our next guest to the show
it's a pal of ours.
While playing hockey back in September, he suffered a severe spinal cord injury. And a day or so later, this guy told the head of his school that he's going to walk at graduation.
In the ensuing nine months, we watched on Instagram as he busted his ass.
He went through all this grueling physical therapy.
And last Friday, he kept his word and he walked up to receive his diploma at Milton Academy. And in the process, he inspired countless people with his incredible achievement, courage,
and bravery. It's a pleasure to welcome our pal Jake Thibault to the Spitting Chicklets podcast.
How's it going, brother? It's going good. Thanks for having me on, boys. It's definitely
great to see all you boys. And yeah, thanks for having me on. It's our pleasure, buddy. I mean,
you graduated, so I know you had a few parties. It's our pleasure, buddy. I mean, you graduated,
so I know you had a few parties.
You must be a little tired this Monday, huh?
Yeah, a little bit.
Definitely.
They just keep going.
It's day after day, party.
And yeah, I mean, it's good fun, though,
because you've got to celebrate
after a crazy year.
A couple pops?
No comment.
A couple pink Whitney's?
A couple pink Whitney's?
No, buddy. I've seen this kid hit the ice luge, boys, No comment. A couple of Pink Wittneys? A couple of Pink Wittneys?
I've seen this kid hit the ice luge, boys.
Now that you've graduated, Jake, we could talk about it.
I thought I was going to get you expelled a while back at the Masters party.
Yeah, no.
I mean, yeah, that was quite the party, to say the least.
But, yeah, Pink Whitney was in the picture.
Did R.A. line you up with a Playboy subscription too or what?
I haven't gotten that in the mail yet.
I don't know.
Come on, R.A., what the hell?
These kids don't know what Playboy is.
They grew up on the internet for Christ's sake.
That's true.
That's true.
Obviously, graduation parties.
What other plans you got this summer, Jake?
Yeah, nothing much i mean
obviously you know just a lot of um therapy still it's kind of like turned into my full-time job
uh so just this summer just gonna keep chipping away at that um i go to a place down in camp
massachusetts journey forward and um they just put me through the ringer. It's two, three hours a day, just nonstop.
And so I'll be doing that a lot.
And then I told Witt and yourself, RA,
I'm heading down to Tampa next week for the award show and the finals.
So that should be pretty fun down there and just kind of hanging out.
I'm sure I'll take a couple more trips, just get away.
I kind of enjoy the summer because it's been kind of crazy.
So we all gave our predictions.
Who do you got in the cup final?
This is a juggernaut of a series, man.
We got goosebumps talking about our breakdowns earlier.
We need to hear who you got.
I would love to see Colorado win it.
Wow.
Yes.
But that's not saying who's going to win.
You want Colorado, but who's going to win?
Colorado.
Wow. There you go.
I think they're a wagon
and no one's getting in their way.
They're just motoring.
You and Biz are the only two on the pod
to pick the abs, but I mean,
great minds think alike. Unfortunately, it's Biz,
so I wouldn't say it's a great mind but i i i i said i said i said i could see it going either way but it's pretty
special that you're going to be down there you had mentioned to me that you were going to either be
going to edmonton or tampa i think it was and and how did you find out about that somebody from the
league get in touch with you i know you've had some special occasions going to bruin games waving
the bruins flags just being somebody who uh really can inspire others with what you've had some special occasions going to Bruin games waving the Bruins flags just
being somebody who uh really can inspire others with what you've gone through but how did you
find out you'd be you know be going down flying down on the NHL's dime yeah I got a um a text from
a lady over at the Bruins Carrie Collins and uh she just texted me hey do you mind if I give you
a call and I'm like okay uh so she called me up and then she said the NHL reached out to them
about me coming down to present an award next week at the NHL Awards.
And I was like, hell yeah, of course.
And so it kind of went through the Bruins,
but then it's now been handed off and it's just the NHL
that's kind of getting all like the logistics part of it.
So yeah, I'm excited.
It's going to be pretty cool life experience.
Definitely the unfortunate way to experience a lot of this stuff,
you know, through the injury,
but it's a silver lining and things like it's, you know,
helped me kind of keep going and find that motivation to just always go.
As your Bruins guy.
I'm a Marshy guy, but Halsey would be mad at me if I said that
because he's been the man recently.
He's been getting together with me a lot, so Halsey as well.
But Marshy, he's always been, growing up, I've always looked up to him.
He actually asked Marshy to lick his face the first time he met him.
Yeah.
He really liked,
he really likes Marci that much.
You've also become pals with Dirk Diggler himself.
Maki,
Maki,
Maki Wahlberg.
Yeah.
Yeah.
That was crazy.
It was just a little story about it was I was in the hospital.
It was like my second day at
Spalding in Charlestown and I get a text from this random number and they're like hey someone from
Dorchester native wants to call you and I was getting a lot of texts just you know the injury
just happened and I was like oh sounds great awesome definitely and I get a FaceTime from a
random number so I answer it with the ceiling showing and i'm like you know i don't know who this is next thing you know it's
mark walberg i'm like holy shit like what uh didn't expect that so we talked for a while and
then he talked to my parents my parents were in shock and uh and then we just kept in touch and
we kind of built a friendship there and he's text me a lot checks in calls me a lot
and uh yeah he's an awesome dude i was i was so excited when i got to come in and i i met met you
at spalding um and you had mentioned how many of the bruins guys come in and it mattered so much
to you just to to get some inspiration from them in terms of people you looked up to and how happy
they were to get to come and meet you right i mean I mean, I like you said, you said it to me, you know, back when I first met, you just mentioned it's a really tough
way for all these things to be happening to you. It's a tough circumstance. But in terms of trying
to battle it with positivity, you've been so good at that. And I think I would guess, you know,
meeting Marshawn and talking to Wahlberg and all these other people who's called and gotten in
touch with you, it really probably has helped helped a ton for your mental state right yeah I mean you've been hanging out with
you with too you know just oh yeah well listen listen we me and Jake got to watch his brother's
basketball game with his mom and dad on on the internet we're just ripping all over Drew as he's
firing up bricks from three oh yeah um but. I mean, just like in general, knowing like whether it's you guys or the Bees and Mark, like just to be able to text them, you know, hear back from them and just kind of keep pushing me along and allowing me not to quit.
It definitely makes huge moves and making progress mentally and both physically.
That's actually a good way to go to my question here.
You know, I talked about the clip of you walking to graduation that inspired so many people.
Everybody had great things to say online.
How are you feeling beforehand going into that, Jake?
Were you nervous? Were you locked in?
What were you thinking as you started to do that?
Yeah, I mean, obviously some nerves, but I mean, I practiced that for hundreds of times.
So I knew I just like get better, take a step,
don't look at the crowd
because that's all I needed to fall on my ass
in front of a few thousand people.
But yeah, and then it's actually hilarious.
You've met him, Patrick, who is in my dorm at school and my advisor.
He helped me get them on.
And so we go behind the stage.
We're getting them ready, like my leg braces and stuff,
while the graduation speaker's on.
And then the main strap for my leg brace snaps.
No.
So I've done this 100 times.
And the one freaking time
we needed to go good it snaps and i'm like are you kidding me uh like this can't be happening
so we duct tape the crap out of it and then some other guy comes up with like black tape so we're
taping it so you can't see the silver duct tape and we just hope my leg didn't shoot out of the brace and uh thankfully
it didn't but yeah just another test for you to pass with flying colors you know what i mean like
that's just that's a grind dude that's that's amazing that that happened you got you must have
been like of all times how does this happen we were like are you kidding me? Like all the shit this year and now my leg brace snaps.
But yeah, so yeah, no.
And then I just kind of got up there and they told me that,
which was pretty cool at Milton, they do diplomas randomly.
So they're not alphabetical.
So you never know when you're going.
And they told me they were going to call me 14th.
So with that being the number,
and that was my cue to like kind of roll up and my brother come up and help
me and Patrick, my advisor from school,
come up and help me stand up and take the steps to get the diploma.
Of course, we got your graduation party coming up.
That should be a slob of knocker as well. Gee, I see one of the chime in.
Yeah. I mean, you know,
spinal injuries or something in sports
that you know it's it's prevalent in every sport now and you know do you have a message out there
to any kids who have recently you know been you know hit with a spinal injury and and just a
message for them you know a bit of positivity for them going forward yeah um it's interesting
you say that because kind of like it passes in waves a guy tom smith
uh he has his own foundation i wait you may know him um he uh he's been paralyzed a few times and
he now is recovered walking and a hell of a guy but he um he told me the first day i was in the
hospital he came to visit me and he told me like, it's going to get better. And when you're in the moment, like you're like, my life is like, screwed. Like, I don't know what I'm going to do. Like, hockey was my life that's taken away right now, like everything else. And, and then you don't believe like it will get better. And it does. And I think that's kind of like my piece of advice like you know obviously I'm getting
more movement back in my legs and I'm and that's getting better but mentally and like life life
still goes on and I pretty much can do whatever I used to just I have to do it in a different way
and um I think that's the big thing like it will get better just give it time and don't ever give
up and and meeting you and getting to know your parents and getting to know Drew, like I mentioned,
just wonderful people like your your strength. It comes from such a solid family base that I
could tell the first time I met you guys. So I imagine that like having them and and having
them support you and be there that that's part of the reason it's easy for you to remain so
positive in this. Am I right in that? from the time i met you it's like i'm
gonna walk again i'm gonna do this again there's been no let up there's only been positivity no
reasons to feel bad for yourself and you've just kind of gone so above and beyond what so many
people would go through after dealing with something like this so i'm guessing like having
such a strong base with your parents and your brother have really made such a difference yeah I mean
we've always had a tight-knit family and we're tighter than ever um I my parents in general like
you know they I may be kind of off a day and they'll kick me in the ass and be like let's go
keep it up like don't don't back down and then down. And then, you know, same goes for them. I mean, not to go back to the day, but my, my dad was right on the glass where I, where
I hit the, the end wall and, um, he, you know, it's, it's stuck with him. I don't remember any
of it. And so I'm there for him, you know, like it's kind of life, life-changing moment for him
too. So I think we just feed off each other with that.
And my brother, I mean, he's been one of my  he's been my best friend since I was born.
So, you know, we push each other.
I mean, he's kind of getting lazy now.
He doesn't go to the gym anymore.
So I kind of give him chirps for that.
But, no, we push each other, and he helps me where I need it. And, uh, it's just been,
it's been, they've been amazing.
I miss your dad, Mike, man,
you guys were staying in Jostown right down the street from me.
He was my drinking partner for a little bit. Go down, have a few pops.
Yeah. That's why they moved out. All right.
He's like, Jesus, you can't keep up with me. But we were talking about, uh,
the day we left. All right. We were talking about that today.
When we drove by you going up.
I forget whatever that main drag there before you go to like the bridge.
And you came and picked up the rest of the beers and you're walking up the street with the brown bag.
Oh, my God. I love how you're bringing this up.
If you're leaving that apartment, I know this and my PA is up in the bridge.
Did he take a dump in your shit or two before he left or what?
Let Jake tell the story.
No, no.
I offered him to him.
We were headed out.
I'm like, all right, come clear the fridge if you want him.
And, yeah, he came down and took him.
But it was hilarious.
You said they were going to go in the trash if I didn't take him.
And, I mean, which guy like me is going to let beers go in the trash?
That's true.
That's true.
All right.
We'll retract our statements here but he's been known to take crunches
in in people's places when going over to visit and grabbing pops not at jake's place so so jake um
another great thing about this upcoming fall is like you know you're going to be going to
babson a great school here right in massachusetts and a guy that I'm very close with going back to when I was 15 years old,
Jamie Rice, the head hockey coach there.
And no doubt you would have been playing there if not for this unfortunate
accident, but are you going to be able to maybe help out the team in any ways
moving forward?
Do we know anything about next year?
Yeah.
I mean, you hit it on the head.
Coach Rice is the man.
He's the best person.
Yeah.
He texts me frequently and just checking in and
i mean while i was in the hospital he was texting me almost every day just kind of keeping me
motivated and it was unbelievable and uh yeah i definitely want to somehow i'll be part of the uh
part of the team there and finding my role we'll see that was kind of the same thing with milton
this year just kind of find where what was best for me and the team, where it could be beneficial.
And so, yeah, I'll kind of settle in there.
I'm actually living on the same hall with a few hockey guys.
We're right next to each other.
So it should be a good time, and I'll find my role there.
Yeah, I'm excited.
I'm really looking forward to it.
Jake, I know you have the golf tournament coming up.
I know it's already sold out, but if anybody wants to sponsor it,
they're still looking for sponsors.
The website is tbo14tough.com.
I'll spell it out.
tbo14, just like my shirt here.
tbo14tough.com.
So, you know, if you want to help out, sponsor, by all means, do that.
And also, we're going to tweet out Jake's GoFundMe as well.
And, you know, when they have an accident like this, it's, you know,
the expenses are overwhelming the insurance companies they cover some but they
buy in don't come close to covering it all and so many unforeseen expenses so if you can help
out we're going to share your gofundme as well by all means we'd like to people to help jake out uh
what else you got going on brother any anything else you want to i was going to say uh we should
get a pink whitney luge on one of the holes there. We should sponsor one of the holes, Jake.
I mean, look at Grinnell shaking his head.
He wants to run it.
Yeah, that sounds good.
No, I appreciate that, R.A., big time.
Definitely, you know, there's a lot of unforeseen future ahead
and don't know what's going to happen.
But, yeah, so I appreciate you saying that.
But as far as what
i've been up to not much just kind of you know celebrating the end of the school year like you
mentioned and then getting ready to uh fly to tampa and like just hanging out having a good time
i i haven't seen you in a little while i've been on the road you came over for a couple playoff
games but you mentioned quickly they're feeling some different feelings in your leg. And is, is that, is that kind of, uh, still the goal? Like obviously moving forward,
maybe each day you get a little different feeling, you get a little different sensation. Is that,
has that been kind of changing here and there? Yeah. As far as like sensation goes, it's kind
of spotty. Like my left leg, I'm getting, you know, I'll have some more in my left leg, my right leg's kind of, eh.
And, but as far as movement, I actually had a, this morning I had an evaluation for a study that I did a while back.
It's just like the six month checkup.
And they, my hip flexors are really moving now.
So I can almost kind of visually see, like, you can see me kind of lift my leg from a laying, like laying on my side. And then, uh, they actually felt the quad for the first time,
um, start to fire. So that was like huge. Um, it was kind of like just a little bit so they
could feel it like twitch. Um, so, I mean, the goal is just that keeps getting stronger. Um,
but I mean, there's definitely definitely like it's not just uphill
like it's a lot even you guys all fought your own injuries like it's a lot of plateauing and up
i just make sure i don't go down so i mean the goal is uh to keep that up as much as possible but
um that was definitely huge to hear that today yeah it's not it's not going to be linear right
like it's just about approaching things in a certain way and like your attitude like i told you buddy it's like a true
inspiration when my wife met you she said oh my god like i just i just can only hope that our boys
grow up to have like an attitude and a positive outlook on life with what you've gone through
and i'm like so proud to be able to have you on the show, to be able to call you a friend.
I cannot wait to show up at that graduation party.
I'm coming in guns a blazing on Saturday, Jake.
Don't wear the pants you wore to the auction.
Jake, did you see the picture of the pants you wore?
He said they weren't bad.
They're great pants.
Shut up, Biz.
You look like a Peter Man peter man's biz right now
leave me alone hey you know where else we're gonna see you is the outdoor games coming to boston
so we're 100 gonna see you there oh yeah i want i want to meet you in person and as wit said and
as ra pumped your tires you are an inspiration to many men and we're so happy you were able to
join us on the podcast no i thank you guys for having me on and and we're so happy you were able to join us on the podcast
no i thank you guys for having me on and definitely we'll all be in touch and
and uh yeah it's been great when do you leave for tampa monday a week from today all right
are you are you guys going down there no we're going to new york city for when you go monday
we're going to new york city monday tuesday wednesday for games three Monday, we're going to New York City Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday for games three and four. We're going to live stream them.
Oh, live stream.
Yeah, I'll see you soon.
And as always, keep it up, buddy.
Just keep grinding, stay positive like you always do.
And I'm looking forward to seeing you again soon.
Definitely. Thanks, guys.
I really appreciate it.
Man, huge thanks to our pal Jake for coming on and chatting with us.
Such a great kid.
Me and Wade have been fortunate enough to meet him and his family,
and they're just such tremendous people.
And the first time I met him, you know, it was an emotional experience,
and I left his house or the place he was staying there in Charleston,
and I had a smile on my face because there were such wonderful,
positive people dealing with this nightmare situation,
and they were just so welcoming and embracing to me,
and they're friends for life as far as I'm concerned,
it was a real honor to meet those guys. So Jakey, we love your pal.
Thanks for coming on and we'll catch up with you again later.
His interview was also brought to you by Shopify.
Shopify is the all-in-one commerce platform to start, run,
and grow your business.
Shopify gives entrepreneurs the resources once reserved for big,
big, big businesses. So upst startups, and established businesses alike can sell everywhere, synchronize online and in-person sales, and effortlessly stay informed.
Shopify offers online retailers a suite of services, including payments, marketing, shipping, and customer engagement tools.
Connect with your customers, drive sales, manage your day-to-day.
Shopify instantly lets you accept all major payment methods.
Shopify has thousands of integrations and third-party apps,
from on-demand printing to accounting to advanced chatbots to and beyond.
Go to shopify.com slash chicklets, all lowercase,
for a free 14-day trial and get full access to Shopify's entire suite of features.
Grow your business with Shopify today.
Go to shopify.com slash chicklets right now.
Entrepreneurs.
Entrepreneur.
I know, I say it like a southern policy.
You double-clutched after that.
You gave it too much on the entrepreneurs.
It's entrepreneur.
There's an R in it. That's why it trips you up, Biz, you know? it too much on the entrepreneurs. Entrepreneur.
There's an R in it. That's why
it trips you up, Biz, you know.
We've got some hockey notes to get to as well that aren't
related to the playoffs. The Buffalo
Sabres announced that the team will retire
Ryan Miller's number 30 sometime
next season. Of course, he's the
franchise leader in wins, wins in
the season and games played. Of course, he also
won his Vezina there back in 2010.
What a year he had back in 2010.
41 wins, save percentage of 929, goals against 2.22,
an Olympic silver and the 30 MVP.
Most NHL wins by an American goalie with 391.
It'll be the eighth number that the Sabres retire.
I knew you were a teammate of his at the Olympics.
What do you got for us on Ryan Miller? Yeah, get out the lube. Double wrister time. He's the reason you were a teammate of his with the olympics what do you got for us on yeah get out the lube double wrister time he's the reason this guy i mean just go back to vancouver i
mean i've never seen a goaltending performance like that ever it's like i don't understand what
level he was on imagine the the the like the mind space he's in to be able to play like that
the game must have felt so easy to him
i watched it up close and personal from the bench and i was just flabbergasted at how easy he made
the position look for a long time in the nhl i mean he was right there as the best no one was
better certain seasons a guy who was just so dedicated to his craft and i thought the video
was really awesome in terms of showing how he was told
that his number will be retired because i think he was in buffalo and was told that there was going
to be a ryan miller night i don't know if he knew leading into when that video like a bobblehead
night or something yeah and like just like a biz bobblehead night at a strip club no he actually
gets his number retired in front of the the sabers fans I love. I love those people. Biz has had his beefs.
I think Sabres fans will turn out in droves.
And if you thought the Rick Jennerette night was great,
Ryan Miller's night will be an explosion.
So I think that he's well deservingly getting his number retired.
No brainer for me.
And, yeah, if you look back at American goaltenders,
I mean, is he not the best one ever I
know Mike Richter got that cup in 94 uh there's been a a bunch of different guys you've been in
Jonathan Quicks right there in terms of the two Stanley Cups but Ryan Miller consistency did it
for a long time came out of Michigan State and just went on to dominate the NHL for many years
so I think we said congratulations on a wonderful career when
he ended up retiring but for him to get the jersey now hung up in the rafters that that to me is zero
surprise uh was he uh in his own world before games like when he was getting prepared yeah i
think he was pretty he was from what i remember i don't remember much um he was pretty focused
in terms of being you were out boozing until four in the morning at the Olympics,
you fucking donkey.
No, Miller was, yeah, he was one of those machine-like goaltenders,
you know, game face on from the minute he wakes up the day of games.
Don't touch his gear.
Don't go near him.
Don't breathe on him.
Don't even speak to him.
Hey, speaking about my kerfuffle with the with the buffalo sabers fans that was just some
tough love during a very dark time for them where i needed to see if there actually still was even a
fan base because nobody was showing up to games right nobody was going to games with and i
understand why and then it was a good time for them they started winning you know what they were
doing they were starting to be miserable like people from new york therefore like hating on former players for no reason when it's like hey
let's just keep eye on the prize here worry about your own team and here we are 50 teams on the
waiting list for chicklets cup tummy sticks we're all good we're in a good place me and sabers fans
i got more people thank god for you biz people forget you say it all the time you went to more sabers games as a kid
more a welling guy thank you very much g thank you for bringing it up and hey and on top of that
thursday night at chicklets cup i'm bringing the city a special gift for crying out loud
i'm bringing you guys i've been putting thought into you guys i want to know what this is i don't
even know the surprise all-time chick surprise. All-time Chiclets announcement. All-time Chiclets
announcement. All right. All right. We can move on.
My apologies for going back into my
heartfelt love for Sabres fans.
No problemo. We got the old
coaching carousel going around this summer.
Pal Frank Cervelli of the Daily Faceoff
reported the Flyers have narrowed down their
coaching search.
The finalists are believed to include Barry Trotz
and John Tortorella. Others who interviewed include Mike Vell jim montgomery rick talkett jeff blazel david quinn
and they had at least a chat with bruce bruce cassidy uh those who were out of the run and
have been notified and trotz has apparently received interest from at least four other
teams as well uh guys if you were a gm who would you hire if you had your pickup coach
not even a fucking thought about it.
First in line, Barry Trotz, entertainment value.
Fuck it.
I'd give towards a 10 year deal.
If I was Philly right now, can you imagine him coming in and just smashing?
Oh, that town would love John.
Talk.
Yeah.
Talk about a different team next year, though.
But Barry Trotz, I mean, he he finally got the Capitals over the hump.
He got Ovechkin his cup, or I guess Ovechkin got him his cup.
I mean, you could word it any way.
And then he gets let go.
And what does he do with the Islanders?
He gets them to game seven, one goal away from winning the cup last year
because we certainly know that was the cup final in Tampa Islanders.
Barry Trotz for right now, if're if you have a a head coach
opening it's like just be begging that guy that's why i wonder when when they say tortorella and
trotz the finalist i feel like trotz is going to be making his decision on where he went he where
he wants to go so maybe philly isn't even where he's even considering he wants to be so i'm very
curious as to how see how this plays out yeah Trotz's agent's having a cigar and a nice bottle of Screaming Eagle right now,
figuring out who he's going to bend over with the next.
Do we want four or five years at 4 million a year?
Do you want a mansion on the water?
Where do you want to live?
Also, front office jobs too, Biz.
I guess that's part of the fact of Frank as well.
When he's done coaching, getting kicked up to the front offices offices that's going to factor in here as well during his oh
my goodness he's getting uh he's getting a suite in the penthouse too for crying out loud who who
knew getting fired could end up being the best thing that happens to you now if you guys were
a coach what would matter more to you personnel location or compensation? State tax.
That's a tough one. So you're talking about how good the team is going to be or is versus money versus what city you're living in.
Let's play a game, Whit.
Think of all the vacancies right now and factor them all in.
Which one would you want to pick?
All right.
So we have Vegas.
We have the Islanders.
We have Philly. We have Vegas. We have the Islanders. We have Philly.
We have Detroit.
We have Boston.
We have Winnipeg.
All right, so immediately I'm going Vegas, Boston.
I think Vegas.
Yeah.
I mean, and it would be Boston.
Not just because I'm from here and I love living here.
Well, sometimes.
But I think the team and where they're
headed could be kind of ugly in the next few years and vegas is like on the precipice of
competing for a stanley cup or they should be and no state tax there for my boy biz
and it's a great place to live i'm on vegas if i could choose i would pick vegas very high on the
list you basically have a two-year window because we know the loyalty if you don't
end up taking oh you got a two two month window i'll give you until christmas um for for longevity
and maybe not the expectation to win now i would love the detroit job yeah not a bad idea you get
to work hand in hand with eiserman you know he's going to provide the goods to you from a talent
perspective got some young studs and and you probably i would say that if they become a little bit
more competitive next year if they don't make playoffs whatever maybe even the following year
after that but i think that they could be a playoff team by year two even if they just get
in and start getting that experience but i'd say you probably have like a five-year runway with that
team and man with the pieces that you have in place and then with that kosa kid who's coming
up who could you know maybe be that next vasilevsky i mean fuck didn't he didn't uh didn't
eiserman find vasilevsky didn't he draft him as as one of the guys yeah must have been dallas isn't
a bad option either dallas is nice too you just need to get out of the guys. Yeah, it must have been. Dallas isn't a bad option either. Dallas is nice, too.
You just need to get out of the bend deals,
but like no state tax, great place to live.
You have a first-line star in Robertson.
What about Florida?
The Florida Panthers, they haven't announced
Andrew Burnett as their head coach yet.
And I don't think he will be.
I don't think, I'd be shocked if he is.
Yeah, I mean, they got a really good team there,
but they got some question marks after this season, right?
They kind of proved that the team they've built as of right now
is not ready to compete for a Stanley Cup.
I think Uyghur at some point will be gone
because they're going to have to give him a pretty big deal
that they won't be able to afford.
But Florida, yeah, another great place to be.
How many  are there 11 openings?
That many is there. Eight to it's crazy though like and and you got to think in the next little while here
at least right after the cup finals if not during we're gonna get some hires and it feels like trots
once he goes then it'll be like yeah yeah it'll be a ripple effect it's like the number one free
agent like signing in the summer right after that you get the other guys bingo um but as far as you get
the bissonettes in august 28th it's like fuck man you're winnipeg's a dark place in the winter
52 taxes it's it's not weird speaking of i couldn't believe how late it was in edmonton
like it was like nine o'clock at night ten o'clock at night it was still like you're in the arctic
yeah man i was that freaked me out a little bit.
All right, boys, also from our buddy Frank,
he said to look for Chicago to trade Alex to Brinkett over the summer.
The 24-year-old forward had his second 40-goal season,
a career-high 78 points this past year.
He's got one year left at a 9 million salary.
His cap is only 6.4, but the salary is 9 million.
So Chicago would need to give him a 9 million qualifying offer, even though he's a restricted free agent uh if they do this move which sounds
like it's going to happen it pretty much signifies the rebuilders on in chicago uh in that case i
don't know at least for me what it's hard to see patrick kane finishing his career there because
where it began because he's playing at such a high level uh if you if he were to get traded
where would you like to see him go if anywhere with Wick? I think the team you just saw lose to the Tampa Bay Lightning
is doing whatever humanly possible to get him.
Really, Paul?
I would suck a dick for him to go to the Rangers.
Oh, my God.
I can't say I'd hate it either.
And you know what else?
You know what else?
Buffalo's doing whatever they can, too.
I mean, you got pictures of this kid.
Hey. You know what else? Buffalo's doing whatever they can, too. I mean, you got pictures of this kid. Hey, this the fucking guy grew up there.
Get their hopes up, you moron.
Buddy, Buffalo, Buffalo is going to be very fucking good in the next few years.
Oh, yeah.
What are you going to do?
Very good.
What do you want me to do to myself if he fucking goes to the Buffalo Sabres?
I don't think he is, bro.
Just saying.
I'll tell you what.
I'll let that fucking mustard and ketchup guy squirt me at one of the Bills games
if fucking Patrick Kane.
I'll do it with a fucking
With Buffalo Jets.
I'll do it with a Patrick Kane man's ear on over my elephant tusk.
It's hard to say because he's got 31 non-stop calling uh the chicago blackhawks
on speed dial they got the spam bots calling to try to get kane over their team i don't know
what's gonna happen but i was you guys the first thing i saw but the brink it gone it's like kane's
like okay i'm not gonna be here either not worth spam bots than our fucking instagram page holy what a joke that
is oh my god how do we get rid of that how does they how does instagram not fix like bots i don't
fucking cyber crabs brutal so you got we kind of buried the lead there though we kind of moved on
to patrick kane where do you guys think alex the brink it's gonna go i'm so bad at this game no
yeah i'm gonna sit this one out yeah i've learned to expect the unexpected
on these type of things because he's i'll just say coyotes just to piss somebody off out there
hey biz even though the blackhawks did win three cups during this run do you think they might have
left one or two on the table given some of the moves they made you know namely panarin did sure
they have one at least one more i think that um could have easily got another one i think that could have easily got another one.
I think that I always go back to,
I would have not had success as a general manager either because I'm loyal like a dog. And if those guys would have brought me cups,
I would have paid them too. And they, they,
they just paid too much for too long, but you know,
that's what those guys had provided. So it was hard i i would say it was a
quicker decline than i expected and i think that happened overnight it happened overnight and it's
gone ugly and and for that reason i always saw patrick kane up until now retiring as a blackhawk
and the fact that it's because he's a type of legacy player that i think it's cool when it's
like it's like sid until he gets traded to the abs you know you you can never picture sid not a penguin
right just the way that mario did it will you why are you laughing this is so funny like if
crosby somehow were to end up on the colorado avalan, I think your head would explode. I would spend four podcasts talking about it.
Four of them.
44.
All right, boys, what do you say?
Should we send it over to our pal Stu Feiner right about now?
Witt wasn't around for this one.
Stu was just...
I missed it, but Merle's was in there.
Was he really?
Yeah.
Oh, shit.
Merle's used to buy Stu Feiner's picks back in the day.
That's why it's great to have him there.
That's a shocker.
Before we do send that over to Stu,
we want to let you know that his interview is brought to you by Game Time.
Game Time is the exclusive ticketing partner of Barstool Sports.
It's a new ticketing app that makes it easier than ever to score last-minute
deals on tickets to sports, concerts, and shows,
and they guarantee the lowest price.
They crack the code
on how to score last minute deals on last minute tickets boys they wanted us to ask what was the
first nhl game you ever attended grinnelly do you remember yours i attended a game at the original
boston garden i remember that because i was about three years old or two and a half three years old
when i went with my dad my dad has a picture of us there so yeah first game ever went to old boston garden nice biz what was your first uh nhl game was it i was actually
i was actually conceived at the odd my old man uh bent my mom over one of the urinals uh during the
period of course everybody's there watching davis you're down five nothing they were down something
out of the game five rip and he said he had the twinkle in his eye and he fucking him and yoli went to town and there that
was my first ever game i think la la la la la la la fontaine got one and that's how my old man
and there it was you remember your first nhl game and i know it's tough to go back to that. I don't remember my first, but I remember
Game 7, Bruins-Montreal
that my dad took me to.
I think it was...
When did they beat him in Game 7?
At the Garden, 90?
91, maybe? And I remember
just being so amazed
and in love with the game
and the place going nuts and the whole
entire arena chanting
nah nah nah nah and going outside and causeway street was still covered by that disgusting train
track and there was people jumping on the park cars that were at the red light i just shit i
will never forget it and i remember my dad said hold my hand and don't let go and he went 100
miles an hour and i just held on tight just to get out of there and get to our car because it was madness.
And I remember, I just, it's so clear in my mind.
Having such a brutal memory, I remember everything about it.
You remember the old exit at the Garden, R.A.?
The big-ass, it was like a spiral.
Yeah.
Yeah, just walking down that and the whole place just chanting that song.
I don't think the Bruins had beat them in, like, quite some time in the playoffs.
It was a memorable game.
And think back,
I was only seven or eight.
My dad took me,
but he knew I loved it.
And I don't know if that was my first game.
I don't think it was,
but definitely the most memorable game ever.
Yeah.
I'm pretty sure mine was versus the Canadians.
Cause we used to go every year and,
you know,
get dribbled by Gila Fleur and Ken Dryden and Steve shot and on Larry
Robinson,
all those boys.
So,
you know,
it's awesome to go to them.
And if you're going to check out some more games,
we don't got a few left between the NBA and the NHL.
They do have the biggest last minute price drops you can find on the internet.
I've been utilizing game time, all playoffs, me and Grinnelly.
And once they're done,
I'm going to be using them to get my concert tickets because concerts are back
and we got to get outdoors and enjoy ourselves once again.
So download the game time app,
go to the account tab to create a login and redeem code chickletsLETS for 20 off your first purchase. Terms do apply. Download GameTime. Last minute tickets,
lowest price guaranteed. And now enjoy Stu Feiner. Our next guest is a legendary gambler who's been
in the game for ages. He's waged millions, loves his hay, and is one of the most entertaining
personalities in the gambling world. It's a treat and a loves his hay, and is one of the most entertaining personalities in the
gambling world. It's a treat and a pleasure to welcome to man himself to the Spitting Chicklets
podcast, Stu Feiner. Stu, how the F are you? Listen, let me just honestly, I swear to God,
as God is my witness, this is an honor and a pleasure to be here with you gentlemen. So I
just want to say that first of all. It's an honor for us. It's an honor.
I mean, and I am a living legend,
but I am humbled to be on arguably the greatest podcast
ever invented, recorded, and continues success.
I mean, greatest hockey I'll take,
but that was a massive tire pump.
I am very excited for this one, R.A.
Living legend.
We are humbled at the fact that you're
even willing to do this. I don't know anything about you other than the fact that you are this
gambling legend and you have found yourself in these very compromising situations. And I think
we want to extract those stories. And on top of that, you're an electric factory. So we are going
to hear these to the core and in their flesh correct correct ready to roll
soup to nuts start from the beginning go to the middle and i will continue to the end still how
old were you when you first started gambling and what was it you were gambling on was like your
grandmother teaching you poker dad take you to the track how did it start where you got hooked
well i mean my story i'm sorry my story is that uh my father, who was at the party that we had a couple of days ago,
a lot of everybody met him, 85 years old,
army veteran, two tours, Germany.
He went to Germany when he got engaged
and then he went back to Germany after he got married.
He's like a regional holic
and his opinion is everything.
Like he doesn't need to gamble a million dollars on a game.
When my father is convicted to something, you know, it's all in.
Like, if you say something to this day bad about Eli Manning,
even in his wheelchair, he's going to swing it,
because that's just how he rolls.
He's a diehard New York Ranger fan,
and I broke his heart when I became an Islander fan,
because we came from Brooklyn in March of fourth grade.
And I, of course I was a Ranger fan because he was a Ranger fan.
But then I came to Long Island and it was an Islander fan.
So I'm like, I'm not going to have any friends if I, if I'm a Ranger fan, I'm like, you know,
literally.
So when I came home, I rooted for the Rangers with my father.
And then when I went to school and everything, we rooted for the Islanders.
So I really became an Islander fan because of that.
My father was an Oakland Raider and a Minnesota Viking fan.
And he loved pro football.
We never watched college football.
Ever, ever.
We never watched any college sports.
College basketball, college football.
Saturday is the one you did the lawn, did all the leaves, made the house
immaculate, worked for my mother and father. Saturday, Sunday, we're watching NFL football.
My mother would make franks and blankets. We'd have these little snack tables. She'd make bologna
sandwiches with mayo. She'd make tuna fish. She'd make chicken cutlets. And we'd watch every single
game. We'd watch the one to four and the four to seven which is
everything that's all there was that's literally all there was so you would get the one local game
if they was playing the same time or you would get both locals so you rarely ever saw any of
these other teams besides monday night but i became an oakland ra fan. My brother became a Minnesota Vikings fan. Raiders, Vikings.
So in 1976, when John Madden's only championship won,
that was the first time that I actually saw my father cry.
I've never seen him cry.
People have died.
He doesn't cry.
He cries now because he's 85, but that's different.
He cried when they won the Super Bowl.
75, I watched when Franco Harris with
the immaculate reception, he smashed the whole house, hit me and my brother and my mother and
left for like six hours. So he's physical. He's a fucking psycho. Well, how much money did your
father have on the game? Nothing. But his opinion was everything. He's old school. When you say
something, you mean it. You know what I'm saying? And when you say something, you're willing to fight for it. So I started watching sports a little bit differently
than other kids, specifically NFL football, because I was afraid if my team's, my father's
team's lost, I was going to get hit. Like my mother was going to get fucking, you know, not
punched, but grabbed, you know, like he would cause a fight in the family, you know, cause a fight because he that's him.
He's a raging couldn't.
He loves sports anyway.
How I got into this whole thing is in 1980.
I watch this guy called Ed Horowitz.
He was on he was he had a company called Professor Picks on on long island and he made a million dollars being
an accountant and he had a short form tax form that he made a million dollars in retired took
the money and put it into computers to pick sports winners i was fascinated i'm like this is amazing
this guy went on to tell me how the philadelphia eagles with ron jaworski and dick vermil
we're gonna piss on the Oakland Raiders.
Eagles were a four-point favorite at the time, so it isn't like he was crazy.
And me and my father
on a Friday on NBC TV,
first time I ever saw a handicapper, first time I ever heard
anybody even handicaps, and
this jerk-off.
I'm 19 years old.
You know, I barely can hold
my load more than five minutes fucking my wife, who's a 10, and I'm a 6. you know I barely can hold my load more than 5 minutes fucking my wife
who's a 10 and I'm a 6 you know what I mean like
thank god I get hard again
and I can fuck for 20 minutes thank you lord Jesus
but in other words
this guy is a millionaire
he's on national
TV humiliating himself
and me and my father like
this is ridiculous of course
the Eagles got killed like 32-14 was never that close himself and me and my father like this is ridiculous of course the of course eagles got
killed it was like 32 14 was never that close the game if you knew anything about anything you knew
even though the raiders were an underdog if you knew football they were gonna win there was there
was there was nothing stop they were gonna win that eagles team sucked so that that Monday I said, if this jerk off is this bad and he's an expert, I'm going into the
business. And I went into the business and I was a pioneer. I created big time, the sports gambling
industry, selling picks. I've had 10,000 people work for me. I've had hundreds of people selling for me. I was the first person in 1984
on ESPN. I spent 45,000 in March to have a commercial for a sports handicapper. My company
then was called Profit Line Sports, 1984. P-R-O-P-H-E-T, Profit Line Sports. I was on the
inside cover of the TV guide for cable. So like you'd have hb and everything and inside front
cover was me 45 000 30 second commercials and that was the last time that you were able to run a
national commercial because of course we had a lot of complaints you know people lost games and
then in 84 i don't i didn't handle myself per se the way we handle now you know we were high
pressure you know give me the
fucking money give me the card what's that mastercard number five you know like so we got
thrown off the air and then that was that but on 1985 i ran full page ads in usa today spending like
75 000 a week and then i got my tv show in 19 like was it all like you were obviously making
all that money back and more from all these investments you were making?
Yeah, I mean, at 21 years old, I was making a quarter of a million dollars.
At 25, I had a million dollars in the bank.
But you were also like...
I picked winners, though.
What I did is I was, remember, in the 80s and up to about 1993, I destroyed bookmakers.
Even my reputation in the 80s, 40 years ago, that I was like scum.
I was the best handicapper in the fucking world because I picked the home underdogs before anybody had the balls to pick home underdogs.
I picked the against the green, against the public, late mine moves.
I followed it.
It won.
It destroyed bookmakers in the 80s.
It destroyed bookmakers in the early 90s.
Destroyed bookmakers in the 80s.
It destroyed bookmakers in the early 90s.
1993 was when everything flipped and it became impossible to win
because now you had offshore sports books.
So now you had the ability
that a million people could bet at the same exact fucking time
and bang you out, their lines became much sharper.
And in the early 90s,
it became where the road favorite was really the play
rather than the dog and you had to be sharp there um but um were you following it as closely before
you made it your profession or was it just ultimately i'm telling you in this set and
we watched i watched the whole week was revolved around nfl football my whole fucking life so so
yeah even understanding.
Because of my, because, because of my father.
So.
We had a strict policy in the house.
You know, Sunday was football.
How did you, I don't even want to call it a persona because I feel like you're being yourself on camera.
Right.
But how did you learn how to like, to, to kind of like sell it all and like be able to be in front of the camera?
Like, were you doing anything else before that where you would have been comfortable on camera and
portraying this like image in order to sell people on taking your pics well i guess i was always let's
say in the class clown um obviously i'm not tall dark and handsome so um i haven't grown since
seventh grade i'm five four and three quarters if I was two inches shorter, I'd be perfectly round.
You know what I mean?
Like I range from 138 to 262.
Yeah, I mean, we could get to this whole weight thing later.
Because of my insecurities and inadequacies,
I was always a people pleaser,
and I was always the class clown,
and I was always in control,
and I always had to be number one in everything just to survive, not to be the best.
Why do you think that was, Stu?
Oh, I don't know, man.
My fucking father hitting my mother and my mother screaming, hey, get your hands off of me.
I would say that that's what-
Child trauma.
100 child trauma.
Yeah.
And my father's my best friend.
But in those days, look, I was telling my kids this the other day.
In ninth grade, I got called down to the office 105 times.
You know what for?
The paddle.
In ninth grade, they were allowed to call me to the fucking office.
If I got in a fight, I got in hundreds of fights, seventh, eighth, ninth grade.
Stopped in tenth because everyone grew and I didn't.
And I was a tough guy when I was a midget.
And then they would hit you with a paddle.
You would stand on a desk
and they'd crack you.
So the minute my name would,
you know,
after about the second time,
I'm like, oh,
so I go to the locker,
put sweatpants on,
put my pants back on,
let the guy hit me.
He can't hurt
because I got padded.
But what a jerk off.
But I'm saying that
times have changed.
You know,
parents were physical then.
Yeah.
You know,
and so I think that my everything
is that i have to be the funniest the best win you over just to survive so i'm i can do anything
on the spur of the moment because i'm a performer because inherently out of insecurity i can perform
so so you so you hit this, you hit this stride,
and everything's going great.
How far does it keep going?
You say you're making a quarter of a million a year, right?
I was about to be a billionaire.
And I swear to you, I don't say it.
Supposed to take a company public in 1998 for 170 million.
My end would have been 20 million in stock
and a million a year salary.
And we had 220 full and part-time people.
We wrote 16 million in 1997.
8 million with people paying us live on the phone
and 8 million on 900 numbers
where, like the internet, you would paypal or zelle well then you paid
your 900 a 900 number you got charged to your phone bill could be anywhere between a dollar to
a hundred dollars and you paid it every month and 900 numbers were the wave then of everybody
making money from horoscopes to sex to sports to time it was, to talk to a personality.
Miss Cleo.
Miss Cleo.
Right, exactly.
Literally, she would have a 900 number.
All right.
Did you use 900 numbers ever?
No.
Maybe once when I was like 15.
Never sex?
You never called a sex phone?
You never jerked off to a 900 number?
No, I had a Playboy subscription at 14.
Yeah, that's true.
R.A. got the, that's true.
I had a masturbatory nose for 15.
Yeah, but every kid need their vice in that regard.
And I was around during the internet era.
Right, so you missed this.
Yeah, I mean, right.
I'm 61 years old.
Like, so you guys missed this.
But so what happens is I had a score phone operation where in 1994, I worked as a landscaper when I was a kid,
seventh grade, said to the owner,
it was a 7.8 acre estate.
I said, it's the most beautiful place
I've ever seen in the world.
By the grace of God, I want to buy your house.
When you sell it, please call me.
The guy died in 1989.
They called me.
I bought the fucking house, 7.8 acres.
It was a 1900 square foot house, English Tudor,
1938 English Tudor and 7.8 acres. 2.5 acres, I'm on now, 1.8 acres it was a 1900 square foot house english tutor 1938 english tutor on 7.8
acres 2.5 acres i'm on now 1.8 acres side field 3.2 in the back i built 11 houses in the backyard
named it after my oldest son it's a cul-de-sac sean michael sean michael court 1.8 acres side
field someone lives there now and then 2.58 acres i have i have now I mean, I've been hustling forever. But in 1994, I sold the land in my backyard.
I built 11 houses.
I got the map approved.
I sold it.
Took the money.
I bought a score phone operation in Atlanta, Georgia.
I paid 4.8 million.
I put down 1.8 million.
1.8 million? a million eight a million eight and then I financed like a million a year because the jerk off extorted me at the closing for 20,000 a month management fee because
he was giving me a loan on the money and he said Jim Feist I don't know if you know that name but
he was one of the first handicappers ever in the 70s in Vegas he made a bid to try to buy it out
from under me so guy cost me a million
dollars. But anyway, I bought the score phone operation. It was 200 score phones in 200
different cities, 15 employees. We gave the fastest scores, odds, lines, injuries, weather
reports in the world. We were number one. We had a UPI machine. We had an AP machine. And then we
had our own blended feed. And we had people
we literally called
press rooms to get scores.
So we were fucking fast. And we got
information and everything.
I was getting like 48 million
calls a
year. And I wrote
in four years, 10 million dollars.
I paid the fucking guy 4.8. Suck
my cock. Eat my ass.
Who's fucking number one in the room?
Yeah, that's fucking juice to find out.
Okay.
So anyway, how wild is this?
I make a payment to the guy, last payment.
And a week later, CBS Sportsline opens their website.
And I go from 48 million calls.
Next month, 4.8 million.
Next month, 480,000.
Next month, 48,000.
My 10 million business now month, 4.8 million next month, 480,000 next month, 48,000.
My 10 million business now is worth zero.
In addition to it, I wrote, let's say, about 35 million on 900 numbers.
And how ATT worked was that they paid you every 90 days.
So I would rent the number from ATT.
Simplistically, let's say I charged a dollar.
ATT would get 4, take 25 out for chargebacks,
and then send me the rest of the money after 90 days plus another 20 days,
so like 110 days.
So they were holding 25 for chargebacks. As it turns out, chargebacks were 75.
So one day I owed them 4.8 million,
and the 900- number business was done,
and so was the score phones,
and so was Stu Feiner for probably 12 years.
Couldn't pay my 17,000 a month mortgage.
Couldn't even afford water for my kids,
and then by the grace of God,
then I had to adapt to the internet
because I never liked the internet.
I didn't think it would work.
You know, I'm one of those people.
Didn't think it would work because I'm making of those people. I didn't think it would work
because I'm making millions of dollars.
I'm ready to fucking go.
And it put me out of business
because now CBS Sportsline's website
did everything I did.
We used to charge people for the phone call
or we would inundate a six-minute message with ads.
We'd give scores, odds, lines.
Then we'd give free picks.
Then I'd advertise my 900 numbers.
Then I'd come on.
Hi, I'm Stu Fine. I gave it a year right now. Call my 800 number, blah, blah, blah, odds, lines. Then we'd give free picks. Then I'd advertise my 900 numbers. Then I'd come on. Hi, I'm Stu Feiner.
Game of the year right now.
Call my 800 number.
Blah, blah, blah, blah, blah.
And listen, it was so amazing.
I got, because I got, the first 30 seconds of my score phone was owned by sports.com.
They would run an ad for their website, for their sports book in Costa Rica.
Paid me a million.
Sportsbook.com was right afterwards,
paid me a million five.
So two million five a year for the first minute.
Suck my cock, bitch.
So I was killing.
And it just shows you,
I retired.
Me and my wife fucking go all over the fucking world.
Spending money like it's, you know, I print it.
P.S. 900 numbers come. The internet comes and then my ceo robs from me and it just shows you you're on the top so when you say where
did it go it's a crush now so now ps let's so then so then what i had to do was for three years i had
to go on the internet and give all my games for free. Because who the fuck is Stu Fine at?
Doesn't matter.
It doesn't matter you used to be a big shot.
It doesn't matter that Al Pacino played you in a movie.
You know, Rene Russo played your wife.
Matthew McConaughey in real life played a disgruntled employee
who worked for you for five years,
left you and wrote a movie about his life.
You know, even in that movie where it's called
The Sports Voices, Al Pacino, Matthew McConaughey,
Jeremy Pippen were on my TV show.
Dave Portnoy and his father, Mike, used to watch my TV show,
The Sports Advisors, from 1990 to 1997.
It had a 100,000 a week budget.
And Dave called me one day and said,
Stu, I love you, my father loves you, we love your old show,
we want to bring it back, you and me, big cat,
we'll get campy, make it in the 90s, get a weather girl,
get a stat man, I want to bring back your show.
So in other words, even with that, no one gave a fuck.
Until, you know, like Dave, until Dave did that, no one gave a fuck.
And then I just went, bang!
You know, I used to be looked at as a pimp to a prostitute.
Stu, where are we betting your information?
It's only legal in Vegas.
So how can I bet it?
Oh, I got to bet it illegally with a mafia bookmaker.
That's what you're telling me.
Well, that's really what I'm telling you
unless you want to go to Vegas.
But people knew that my information was used illegally
because you had to bet illegally.
Now I'm the smartest guy in the room, thank God.
I'm alive, you know.
My sugar's like 400.
My A1C's 13 so i could
die any moment besides that though my dick still works i still fuck the same girl for 44 years what
uh so a lot of ways to bring that of course like the barstool connection um when when all of a
sudden it goes from that to to like the the rock bottom like how did? 10 years like that.
How did you deal with it?
Very hard.
Listen, act as if.
You know, act as if.
You know, it was very hard.
Being broke, you know,
the fall is rough, you know,
just horrible.
And people were happy I was broke too.
That was the weirdest thing.
Like people loved that I was broke.
Like I had to sell my house,
which obviously I never did.
Thank God.
But I put a for sale sign up
and they rolled up to the front of the house
and took a picture and said,
how the mighty have fallen.
Oh, for Christ's sake.
You know, but that's how people are.
Listen, that's how people are.
You know what I'm saying?
I was, you know,
you make a lot of enemies when you're number one.
You know what I mean?
I was number one for 20 years,
you know, in an industry that's a rough industry.
You know, people in my industry now are whores, liars, and scum.
They try to bookmake you.
They use fake names, fake records, fake everything.
So, in other words, that's my industry.
Even then it was, you know.
So that, you know, those people just loved that I was dying. You know, they couldn't wait, you know. And it just, you know. So that, you know, those people just loved that I was dying.
You know, they couldn't wait, you know.
And it just shows you real.
Like, you see the party I just threw?
75,000 I spent on a party.
700 people were there.
You know, fucking, I just, it was a basic fucking May 1 day.
I used to throw those every month.
I don't give a fuck about the money.
I don't care.
I'm a decent guy.
But jealousy is crazy. every month. I don't give a fuck about the money. I don't care. I'm a decent guy, but
jealousy is crazy. When people are jealous, like of Dave, of you, of you guys, you know,
of Barstool, you know, people, people root you down. It really showed you really have very little
friends in this world. Do you know what I mean? Like everybody I've ever met from Barstool,
for some reason, unconditionally, I trust in my life and I would do anything for anytime anywhere but but life is most people are scum
so you know so that was horrible I just acted as if I had a good confidence in myself like like I
mean truth be told when you're four years old five years old and you're watching your father like have
a fight with your mother about money and everything's insecure. It doesn't really get much worse.
So when I was on the balls, my ass broke.
It didn't really kill me because I already died.
Do you know what I mean?
The wounds I walked through as a young kid
prepared me for life as a businessman.
And if I'm going to...
See, the reason I fell so hard is my wife hates that I do this.
I make a dollar, I'll spend 2.
That's how I work.
You know, it's the Stu Finan School of Finance.
You know what I mean?
I still have a mortgage on my house.
Thank God.
I mean, like a month ago, I paid 400,000 down on my mortgage.
It was 1,000,001.
Now it's 700,000 and change.
Thank God.
It was 2,000,003 at one point.
That's a nice gift to your mom.
Right, it was 2,000,003.
But it's embarrassing.
At 61, I got a 700,000 mortgage.
My mortgage is still 17,000 a month.
Where's all your money, fucking Stu?
Well, I mean, as you saw Sunday, I spend it.
You know what I mean?
Like, I'm not saving money.
Who am I saving money for?
My kids?
Fuck them.
My wife?
Fuck her.
Like, I make the fucking money.
I want to spend it.
Like, I'm a spender.
He bought his stock.
I want to go to fucking Les Mis tonight.
How did your wife handle it when all this was going down?
I mean, obviously, you guys are still together.
She almost left me.
And the reason she almost left me...
For Al Pacino?
No, she almost left me because I didn't tell her what was going on.
Like, how I got out of this hole is I borrowed, like,
almost  four million from
the mafia paying four points a week but i'm strong enough on the street that even to this day i could
i get a million bucks might cost me three points but i walk out with a million cash in my hand
because that's how strong i am um i owed 18 t like almost five million and then i borrowed like
a million or two from every friend i ever met. And that's when my wife almost cracked.
Because when she found out that I owed every neighbor, everybody in the fucking world money,
and she didn't know, she was humiliated.
So she stopped fucking me for like six months, which I thought was the end.
But I'm a male.
She's a female.
Big difference.
You know, women could not fuck forever if they don't want it.
You know what I mean?
I'm thinking she's fucking everything at work.
But whatever. I took this medication called called trazodone because i was really
low i almost died driving twice on it first of all i don't ever go on medication i don't care
what people yeah yeah it makes you worse oh my god you know he's supposed to go through shit
what i did was when i was on the meds, I lost hope.
Like a poor me, whatever.
Finally, I just said, fuck it.
I said to my wife, I said, listen, you want to fucking leave me?
Get the fuck out.
Fuck you.
I fucking did what I had to do for my family.
I kept you in this fucking house.
I made a front.
I borrowed everything I can so the family doesn't go under.
You want to leave?
Fuck you.
And I wrote that book that you have in front of you.
Bet you I can.
And I put shit in the book that I would have never put if I knew I was still going to be married.
I thought she was leaving.
Of course then she, you know, she was loyal, but she wanted me to pay.
Does it involve these three women on the front?
Listen, she fucking hated.
I did a photo shoot with those three.
She hated it.
The belly button rings are a really nice title. The blue girl would not do anything,
but the other two jerked off and blew my whole crew.
And they were smoking hot after the photo shoot.
Smoking fucking hot.
Like, smoking.
But yeah, she, my wife is the most beautiful woman in the world,
the most loving woman, the most honest, okay?
She's the reason my children are great
and the reason I'm probably not dead.
You know what I mean?
Like, I'm not dead.
You know, like, God forbid she dies,
three months from now, I try to marry a barstool girl,
you know, doing coke in a hotel and I die.
That's, you know, I mean, that's how quick the demise would be.
You know what I mean?
As long as I'm there.
Right, exactly.
But I'm saying, let's be real.
But she does not deal with liars.
The worst thing you could be, you could be a scumbag, but don't be a liar.
So anytime I've lied, and because I'm a gambler, and because I owed money, and I was a liar a lot.
She's been with me 44 fucking years.
Think about it. Every day. every day every day back the same girl
every day so um that hurt her that killed her took her a long time to me after that like
six months and two days like i remember the day right so so with that loan money from from friends
and the people that obviously paid everybody back how did how did you then restart the winning
but obviously paid everybody back.
How did,
how did you then restart the winning on the internet,
giving games for free?
Like,
and for three years, I won 11 of 12 championships for free and I hit like 62.
It was inhuman.
And then I built a business and then started rocking.
I was,
I went from making nothing,
nothing,
nothing,
nothing,
nothing.
Then I, then finally I caught a year where I made like 700,000.
I caught another year, a million.
I caught another year, a million.
And then all of a sudden Dave Portner called me.
So off that money that you borrowed and you going on this insane,
that's a winning streak.
Oh, no, no.
It's a life streak.
It's recreating my life.
Were you putting heavy money on game?
No, no.
I have not bet since 95. no no i have not bet since 95
okay i have not bet since 95 okay so that was just simply constructing the business i mean i mean i've
i made some heavy bets in the 90s but i really have not bet with a book make a 10 book makers a
day calling them betting two three four hundred000 in action, 500,000 action every day. I did that from like 89 to 95 every day.
So, I mean, do you guys want to go into that now?
Because I feel like obviously you have some insane gambling stories of your own
and probably why you eventually stopped gambling.
Like, for example, I can't lose enough and I have too much fun when I gamble.
There is no limit.
I'll lose 10 million if it's in front of me because I love it.
It's so much fun.
And because I've dug scary holes where I've got out of them, that's good and bad when you're gambling.
Yeah.
You know what I mean?
Yeah.
It's good because you know you can get out of it.
It's really bad because you're going to chase losers right into the floor.
You know what I mean?
And I like my stomach in a knot more than winning.
So, like, I love the action.
I'm an action.
How much have you lost gambling in your lifetime?
Well, I mean, those are pretty close numbers.
You know, a million and a half that I had to literally pay the bookmakers.
And probably close to two million on the tables. And you were a cra and a half that i had to literally pay the bookmakers and probably close
to two million on the on the tables and you were you were a craps player yeah no wolves i started
with roulette and i started with baccarat but after you can't win then i went to dice and i just think
it's so exciting like because you have like i don't like to individually do anything you know
what i mean i like a group of people with me. So at the craps table, you have fucking
everyone in and God forbid
the roller's hot and
everybody's invested in that
roller. Like,
and then there's time involved
where you could talk to people and then you get
geared up and you're like, oh, let's go.
That's my whole shtick.
Merle's has a boner right now.
Everybody rides. It's amazing.
I've been at craps tables and somebody's trying to come in
and they're trying to bet that don't pass.
I'll give them the money to get away from us.
Don't mess with our mojo.
Get on with us.
It's so true.
Everybody together, high-fiving.
I've seen Whitney lay down on the ground, swimming around like he's in a pool of money.
It's the greatest game in the world.
Because it's in a pool of money. It's the greatest game in the world. Because it's such a joke.
It's so ridiculous that you're even involved in doing this.
You're rolling two fucking plastic things randomly.
Hundreds of thousands of dollars.
But it's so hard to win.
That's what people don't understand.
It is just so hard to win that when you win, it's like, it's amazing.
You know, like, and then you got to leave.
But there's so many aspects to winning.
You win, then when do you stop?
Then should I re-go back in?
Then when you take the money, I'm going home.
And then all of a sudden you eat, you drink.
And all of a sudden, you know, then all of a sudden you know then whatever it's just whatever you know you can't believe how many
times i've grinded out and made good money of 50 grand 100 grand 10 grand five grand whatever it
is and walking away from the table feeling so good randomly walking over to another table losing it
in five minutes like two hours to earn it earn. It's just the way I roll.
It's the way it is.
It's crazy.
Is that where Ready to Roll started from, the craps,
or what's the whole story on that?
You know what it is?
You know what it is?
Because I was a phenomenal athlete always,
up and through high school, not playing high school sports,
but playing other games on the side,
because I had to go so hard because I'm not gifted.
I'm 5'4", I'm not that fast, I'm not that strong.
I am smart and I am killer and I'm willing to die
in a touch football game just to touch the guy
and my head's going to hit the concrete.
I'll do it. I've done it.
But you have to have, like,
you really have to get yourself myself motivated so
it's so ready to roll is like i'm ready let's go you know let's fucking go ready roll you know
ready to roll and really truth be told it's like anybody can do it that's you know like i i feel
so bad that so many people struggle so hard in life. How about fucking get yourself together,
look at yourself in the fucking mirror,
get rid of all these fucking bullshit around you,
and ready to roll.
Let's go.
Everybody has an M to be successful.
Everybody.
You know what I mean?
Like everybody.
Nobody's better than anybody else.
Just people work harder.
You know, like, you know,
people think Dave Portnoy just fucking,
you know, fuck Sylvana and has a great life
and did nothing.
That motherfucker worked harder than anybody ever.
Newspaper.
Seven days a week, 25 hours a day for decades.
Yeah.
So, you know, I mean, you got to be ready to roll and you got to really be dedicated and work hard.
You know, Dave Portnoy is living proof of it.
Still, when it's cold, when you're running cold, like, do you worry it's just not going to turn at a certain point?
Like, you know, historically it does, but, like, because this season,
like I was saying to you earlier, worst NHL season I've ever had.
I wasn't doing anything any different.
It's just been awful.
It's been brutal, and it's like you feel like you don't even want to do anything anymore.
Like, do you ever worry about that, just never getting your mojo back like me right now?
Well, I mean, as far as you personally gambling or just picking,
again, handicapping is the hardest thing in the world to do.
It's like gambling, hardest thing in the world to win,
hardest thing in the world to win so that you have to just persevere
and make sure that you can sustain the losses.
It's not like you're going to stop.
You're not stopping. You're not stopping.
You're never stopping.
You're stopping when you're in a fucking box,
when we're sitting shiver on your fucking grave, right?
I mean, that's it.
Baseball season, I take a breather, but otherwise.
Okay, but I'm saying you're not stopping hockey.
No, fuck no.
You live it.
You're going to die.
I'm part committed at this point.
You just have to cut the amount you're playing until you get hot.
Yeah, it's been a struggle.
It's a tough business.
It's very tough.
You're exposed.
You're transparent.
You're in front of the world.
I think people would be shocked
if they found out the amount that R.A. was gambling.
He doesn't talk about it much,
but 100, 200 on a game gets my juices going.
He's going a lot heavier than that.
You have to pull up your big boy panties and take the good with the bad.
There you go.
There simply is no other way.
What's the saying?
Ready to roll.
Ready to roll, baby.
Ready to roll, baby.
That should be your new saying in the mirror, all right?
Ready to roll.
I'm going to start fucking saying it before the TNT broadcast.
I like it.
I'm going to get fucking Wano saying, ready to roll, baby.
Let's go, baby.
The book.
So you said the wife wasn't crazy about some of the stories.
Well, you know, I told in the book about hookers and girls that I fucked when I was with her in like 1980.
I mean, you want to hear the most insane story ever?
Yes.
We have time?
Okay, this is.
Oh, we got a lot of time.
No, no, this might be the craziest story ever.
So my father gives me 1,500.
He lends me and I go partners with this other guy.
I'm 21, he's 44.
Italian.
And we go partners in a business.
We have two desks facing each other.
And we go partners in a business.
We have two desks facing each other.
We have like 300 square feet in the top of a building in West Babylon, Long Island.
P.S. Six months, we have 30 people working for us.
We're writing 40,000 a week.
We have a board.
We're showing it.
Downstairs, we always say hello to these two guys.
And they love me. They fucking love me.
They fucking love me. Do anything to me.
And their job is to get hookers
for strip joints on
Long Island. Okay?
And remember, I'm going, this is
82, 83. So
hookers then were disgusting.
They were thin, crack addict girls.
Nobody that was gorgeous would do that.
You know what I mean?
Like you just didn't in the early 80s.
They were disgusting.
So he would send them up to our office and everybody would fuck them and whatever.
It was every weekend.
How much for a skull pop?
They were free.
Oh my God.
Everything was free.
I remember my salesman comes out from eating this girl,
and there's blood all over his face.
She had a period.
He didn't even know what he was eating.
But whatever.
So all of a sudden, out of the blue,
this guy appears in this office one day.
Beautiful suit.
Impeccable looks.
Almost looks like something out of The Godfather.
Okay, his name is Joey Bang Bang.
She's got in jail for 18 years for killing three people.
He doesn't like my partner.
Hates him.
Because he says my partner shunned him.
Meanwhile, I'm kissing the guy's ass.
I'm scared I'm going to get shot.
Me and my partner's pissed off.
He goes, fuck that scumbag.
Fuck him. A month goes by. Me and my partner's pissed off. He goes, fuck that scumbag. Fuck him.
A month goes by.
They have a card game now downstairs in his office.
He's there now every day.
New people are in there.
Totally different thing.
He makes a move on my office.
He fucking sends a guy up to smack me and my partner around.
P.S. I got in late that day, so my partner took a fucking beating.
My partner then says it had to be,
it was him downstairs.
Okay, so then my partner reaches out to someone.
He says he knows somebody in the mafia.
It's even a crazy story.
So him, his new friend,
then has a mafia connection.
They drive to Brooklyn.
They get to Brooklyn
with this guy Marco
Marco has like a hundred TVs
and a fucking house in Brooklyn
in a basement
and says to my partner
that guy Joey's gonna kill you
cause he's a killer
I know him
I'll take care of it
on the way home
they ask my partner
what's his home address
he thought that was funny. Gives him
a fake address. Okay. This is a Thursday, Friday morning. I come into work late and my partner
again got his fucking head smashed. But this time it was really bad blood, everything. I go,
what the fuck happened? He goes, my buddy just beat the fuck out of me. I go, how do you know
that? He goes, because I gave them a fake address.
And when they were beating me, they threatened me.
And we know where you live.
We're going to kill you.
And they gave him the fake address.
So now we have the mafia guy downstairs after us. We have my partner's friend who just fucking tried to run a scam on him after him now.
He's got beaten twice.
People are looking at me like they think I'm doing it because because i just was late we hire a security firm they build a door now where where you walk in you have to be
buzzed in a guy sits there with a gun my father gets um gets um bulletproof glass on all windows
and we just live he buys like 20 shotguns with ammo and and we live in the fucking office for like a week.
Now we're writing like 130,000 a week.
We're killing.
So we can't stop.
I meet my father's best friend.
He's an FBI.
He goes, Stu, you've got to get out of this business.
It's a mafia business.
I go, we're not bookmakers.
How could this be?
We're selling picks.
He goes, well, I would do this.
So the security guy at the desk that buzzes people in with a gun says,
listen, I have a cousin.
He'll handle this whole fucking thing for you.
Let him meet you.
Guy comes in smoking a cigarette.
Yeah, I'll solve this for 25,000.
25,000, that's it?
Oh, no, no, no, no.
25,000 a year for the rest of their fucking life.
And 5,000 Christmas.
Oh, no, no, no, no.
25,000 a year for the rest of their fucking life.
And 5,000 Christmas.
Now I'm probably making like 80,000 a week between me and my partner.
You know, like it's untold money.
It's cash.
People are sending FedEx, 10,000, 20,000 cash on our desk.
Couldn't fucking open it quick enough to spend it.
You know, it was stupid.
We said yes.
So this is how it went down. Me, this new guy with the cigarette,
and now his guy, who's the guy, comes into my office and goes, listen, you say fucking
nothing. You just say nothing. I said, okay. And they literally, like I was a fucking baby,
grabbed me by my shirt. I didn't do anything to them. Pulled me downstairs.
They went into this guy's office,
closed the door,
and they threatened his fucking life.
They're digging a...
Who the fuck are you?
This kid Stu's been with fucking me
for 30 fucking years.
You fucking...
Making a move on him.
The guy's like,
whoa, whoa, I didn't know he's connected with you.
No one told me that.
Hey, you know, I got a partner.
I hate his fucking partner.
Fuck his partner.
You fuck with my...
You know, it was like... I was like this, you know, like, I, like, I,
I didn't know what to, I didn't breathe.
I didn't know what to do.
And then that was that situation.
Anyway, I wrote about in the book, that situation, how we used to fuck the girls.
And before he made a move on my partner, I went out with them a couple of times
and there were girls that were fucking tens
that we fucked and I put that in the book.
And if I knew that I was going to be with my wife
and she wasn't going to leave me,
I would have never put that in.
I'm glad we got off into that side story too.
And thank you for putting a nice pat on it.
Yeah, I would have all on it.
Right, I would have never put that in.
I got one more.
The one more famous line from you, Stu.
The 15, 15, 30.
Is that right?
What is that all about?
How did that start?
Well, what happened was this.
In reality, it's the reason I'm a great fuck.
Because I only have a six inch dick.
I can't come on command.
So my first fucking fuck with you is like 10 minutes.
Then I'll come again 20 minutes.
And that's my story.
So what the hell am I going to do?
But if I eat your ass and lick your clit, then I'm as good as anybody.
Or if I know how to play with a vibrator, then fuck you.
I'm a porn star.
And oddly enough, Al Goldstein, who owned Screw Magazine in 1984,
went with me to South Oaks Hospital on Long Island and over his anonymous clinic.
And I met Ron Jeremy, who now ended up being a bad guy.
But I watched him do his porn.
The guy hung out with me and I watched porn right in front of me.
It was crazy.
But anyway, so a couple of things.
First of all, it improves your sex life.
It improves the length of the sex session.
Like, how do you combat fucking a guy with a 10
inch dick that could pound for an hour well he might not even want to eat your ass or lick your
pussy he might just go hey look at my dick and he won't perform like i will oh i'm giving a hundred
percent i gotta eat your ass as well you know what i'm saying i'm sucking farts out of ass
so anyway crying out loud.
All right, let's speed up.
So when Dave said he wanted to bring back my TV show and I would join the company,
my audience at that time was really,
I just started getting a little young audience because of my internet over the last three years,
but mostly in my head was 50, 60, 70 year olds.
Guys, I could bet a hundred grand a game. game can pay me 25 000 right off the bat you know 25 to make 250 whatever it is they have the money it's fuck you money that's my audience but now
with barstool that's not the audience so first of all i don't want to kill them gambling you know i
what am i supposed to say to them like you know gambling is for rich to have money to have fun and lose money what gambling there's no win in a gambling it's fun
but nobody wins like but i am selling picks so it's a little weird so i figure let me ingratiate
myself to the audience of barstool with a proven method let me put some meat on the bone let me
help society let me make you a better fuck. So even if I kill you with games,
you're a better fuck and you love me
and you'll buy my merch and you'll buy shout outs.
So 15, 15, 30, 15 minutes eating ass,
15 minutes licking clit, 30 minutes fucking.
You can't hold your load, bring a vibrator.
And that is a foolproof proven method
that you're a great lover.
You could be the worst lover and come in five seconds. Doesn't matter. Come before you even fuck. It doesn't matter. But you're a great lover. You could be the worst lover and come in five seconds.
Doesn't matter.
Come before you even fuck.
It doesn't matter.
But you're eating her ass.
You're licking her clit.
And you have the vibe ready where she's going to come.
She's going to be very grateful that you give a flying fuck,
that you're not some selfish scumbag low-life male that we all are.
We are.
We're males.
We're scum.
And we love being scum.
Fuck it.
It is what it is.
Hey, is this every day?
Once a day?
What do you mean?
For the routine of like, do you have to do it at least?
Well, if I was 15, 16, 17, 18, 19, 20 in my 20s, there's, yeah.
Oh, yeah.
I'm fucking the same girl, you know, for 40 years.
No.
Once a week?
I would say 1.7 times a week.
You know?
It's more than once a week.
You know, but sometimes not twice.
You know what I'm saying? Whatever. You never want to leave them hanging.
Plus, if they tell their friends you want a good report going around,
they're going on Yelp.
100.
When I was young, because of Al Goldstein
and Ron Jeremy and Screw Magazine,
I was around a lot of porn, so I saw a lot of people's dicks
that were like 12 inches.
My dick's 6 inches.
As I'm learning, that's a pretty good sized dick.
I didn't know that,
but I was with freaks.
Could be worse.
I was like,
guys,
I've seen 15 inch dicks
like in front of me
like Liam Neeson's dick.
It's 15.
Liam Neeson's got a huge wrench?
Whoa, whoa, whoa.
He's got the biggest dick
in Hollywood, Liam Neeson.
Yeah, his son's one of my biggest.
That's why he can beat up a wolf.
15.5 inch dick.
That's how he beats up a wolf
right there.
Biggest dick in Hollywood,
Liam Neeson. Big chicken guy too. Hey, so-inch dick. That's how he beats up a wolf right there. Biggest dick in Hollywood, Liam Neeson.
Big chicken guy, too.
Hey, so we just had Jon Hamm on, and he's not-
He has 11-inch dick.
Yeah, but-
They gave him a lot of problems about that.
Well, I guess some people asked him in an interview.
No, well, he didn't like that they teased him about it.
I know.
So the first time we had him on, we were going to tee it up, and I think Grinnelli was like,
don't ask him about his dick. No, I watched interviews. he hated it we're gonna get him that's her reason hey we're
gonna get like it mad men they made fun of him because when he wore because he had he has a
monster you know and like everyone saw it and they would he didn't like it you would think
just again like wouldn't you love it if you had it no it's like anything else once you have it
you don't want it.
Yeah, we got to ask Liam Neeson's kid if we can ask him about his old man's rights.
I went to Liam Neeson's kid's 21st birthday at Bounce.
Oh, did you?
Yeah, he invited me.
He's a big Rangers fan.
I forget his first name right now.
Danny.
Yeah, Danny.
Okay, there you go.
I went to his 21st birthday at Bounce.
That's unreal.
I hung out with him.
Is there anything that we didn't ask you about?
Can I go back to something?
There's a million things.
I mean, there's so many hockey things.
We haven't even talked hockey.
Okay.
We briefly glazed by the whole two for the money, the movie, Al Pacino.
Can you go into that?
How did that happen?
Listen, this is the most surreal situation ever.
I have a kid that in 1989 ran a score phone operation in California.
And Mike Warren, I don't know if you know that name.
Hill Street Blues?
What?
Hill Street Blues?
No, no, no, no.
He was a sports handicapper, Mike Warren, in the 70s.
And he owned the Psychic Friends Network with Dionne Warwick.
And he made gazillion dollars.
He eventually lost all his money on 900 numbers.
He ran a scam where she would read your fucking palm.
He would be in the audience and she would call him up.
I'm like, you can't even not use yourself, you egotistical scumbag.
P.S.
P.S.
He owns a score phone operation.
He's in trouble with money, but I don't know it.
So he calls me up and he wants me to buy into the score phone.
Supposed to give him a check for 50 grand.
He comes to the office.
I give it to him.
This kid, Brandon, worked for him and called me up and said, don't give this guy another penny.
He's fucking you.
No one's calling our score phone.
P.S. I'm supposed to give the guy another quarter of a mil.
I don't.
The whole thing goes under.
He fires Brandon.
I hire Brandon.
He comes to New York.
He hangs with me for five years.
90 to 95.
My five biggest years.
Just like in your years, making a million
one on the books and, you know, off.
Let's not even talk.
Couldn't spend enough money.
Every night,
limos, Manhattan,
Atlantic City, every
night, all night is
everybody wakes up, showers, goes right into work,
does what he's got, what we got to do.
And because we were young, we were pros and, you know, we had the best Coke. So, you know, goes right into work, does what we got to do. Because we were young, we were pros,
and we had the best Coke.
So if you have Coke, you could stay up for years.
You know what I'm saying?
Whatever.
So what happens is he starts picking the games,
this kid Brandon.
He comes to New York, starts picking the games, has 900 numbers, does great.
From 90 to 95, probably has to meet like 10 million.
Makes himself money, get him a Porsche,
get him hookers, get him girls, get him an apartment,
get him everything he wants.
Kid was pretty much broke up to this point.
He's making 10 an hour.
He goes into a really bad losing streak
where he hits like 13 on five different numbers for like
six months.
Finally, I said, listen, you're terrible.
I'm going to pick the games or my brother-in-law is going to pick the games, give them to you.
You'll feed the numbers in.
You'll still make the same money and we're good.
He couldn't handle it.
He quits.
He writes me this long letter, gives me a Rolex that I gave him back, and quits. Goes to
Australia, goes
to California, and becomes a
caddy at the Riviera
Country Club. Oh, wow. Dustin Hoffman,
Danny Gilroy, who's Rene
Russo's husband, who eventually
wrote the movie, Two for the Money. He wrote
the screenplay. He's a screenplay writer.
And
Danny Gilroy
makes a 50-foot putt because of my friend.
Dustin Hoffman gives my friend 20,000
on the spot.
I know nothing about this
because he left me. He hates me. He's
on the lam. You know what I mean? He's using a
different name. And I'm trying
to find him because he was great. I was going to...
Listen, once you lose a great employee
and then realize, oh, that was a mistake,
I was going to give him double.
Like, hey, asshole, I'll let you pick
because he was
valuable. Anyway,
so he
it sits on Dustin Hoffman's desk
for three years. Nothing happens.
All of a sudden,
he can't do it. They get Al Pacino,
they get Matthew McConaughey, they get Jeremy Piven, they get Amandasante on,
they got very little up front and they got a percentage of the total overgrowth, right?
Let's say you can't afford that type of cast. That cast could cost you gazillions, 50 million.
Well, it costs nothing, but they get the back end.
So Dustin, so Rene Russo, excuse me, and Al Pacino are in Arizona riding horses.
97.
I'm killing.
It's my best year ever at the time.
And the salesman comes down and goes, listen, you're not going to believe this.
My friend owns a security firm in Arizona.
And Al Pacino's playing you in a movie.
Call two for the money.
And Rene Russo's playing your wife.
I'm like, listen, you fucking jerk.
Get the fuck out of my office.
I go, I swear to God, here's a number call.
So I call up, and it was Danny Gilroy's answering machine.
And I said, listen, you scumbag. i'll fuck your wife right in front of everyone
who the fuck are you to make a movie about me you piece of shit fuck you here's my number you
better fucking call me because i'm gonna sue you and i'll skull fuck you you know like what you
know i click now meanwhile this is so brandon has not spoke to me from 1990 to 95 numerous
months on end to try to get a hold of him, pay people, file them, can't find him.
10 seconds later, after I hang up with Danny Gilroy,
he calls me.
What did you do?
You can't threaten Danny Gilroy.
You're going to kill the whole project.
Listen, you scumbag, where you been for five years?
What project?
And then he told me the whole story.
And the movie was made.
And I did not get any money out of the movie at all
because Brandon and Danny Gilroy made and i did not get any money out of the movie at all because brandon and danny gilroy didn't want
me to be involved because i would get a piece of the end and my my friend got a quarter of a million
and so when it opened they tried to separate themselves from me so what we did is we owned like 30 other um internet sites that sold pics not my name but
other people that work for me and so we opened the website that he didn't know about that was
brandonlang.com we wrote like four million bucks in two years off of it he got like 30 but we took
every one of the names that we got on that and put them into all my other companies.
So we wrote like 12 million because of this scumbag.
So he tried to fuck me, but I won.
And then eventually he went bad,
destitute, he's flat fucking broke.
He's on the balls of this hiding, being a caddy.
He's hiding right now
because he owes people money.
But to me, he was a good guy.
He did some bad things, but he did some good things.
As it is in life in any relationship.
That one took a dark turn quick there at the end there.
That one button-hopped.
I have to confession, or maybe you can go buy me a beer,
but I've paid for some picks back in like 2000 or something.
Did I win?
Brandon Lang.com.
Oh, Brandon?
Yeah, that was my one.
Yeah, so you owe me a beer or something.
I don't think I won.
Definitely did it when he's terrible.
What happened was it was so weird because as it turns out,
he had all the eyes of the world on him and he failed miserably.
Like he was as bad as you could be.
And he has so his reputation now is dead because he can't pick.
He has no money and he's on the lam running from people.
Feel bad.
But, you know, it is what it is.
Well, because you kind of alluded to it earlier about the type of people that are in this industry.
So who else would you look at as maybe like someone like you that you're like,
that guy's been doing it for as long as he has.
He's been through the ups and downs.
I respect that guy.
Is there another you out there?
No.
No.
No.
Because, no, because I have this, listen,
1980 was the first time, so how many years is that?
It's a long time.
It's like 44 years, you know.
Nobody's really stayed in it that long.
First of all, they can't sustain getting killed.
You can't sustain a losing streak destroying your reputation.
You can't sustain that because people don't believe in you that you're going to get out of it.
So once you go into that, you're gone.
You know, whatever.
Now, there are a lot of reputable handicappers out there that are one-man shops that you would have to see somebody's documented record for three years.
I want to see every game they pick for three years, and then you judge if you're going to pay the guy.
Because anybody could get hot.
What the fuck does that mean? And you're so
susceptible with
when you pay someone, they could give half
one side, half the other.
Like they give tonight the Penguins, tonight the Rangers.
Well, they find a pick-em situation.
So they're going to make money no matter what
because they're double-siding games.
Because they use fake names.
It doesn't matter.
I use my real name from Jump Street
so every game I can't double-side.
I can't scam.
When I lose, I lose.
I might not talk about it when I lose as much
but everyone knows I lose when I lose.
What do you got, R.A.?
Do you consider yourself a tout?
Is that a word you use?
How do you feel about that word?
I consider myself a living legend.
I love it.
But I guess a sports handicapper.
Okay.
Sports advisor.
Back in the 80s when you were flinging it, what was your average play?
Like your average play on a night.
How many games did you bet in a night and what was your average bet?
Oh, personally?
Yeah, back in the 80s.
Yeah, when you were still gambling.
I was betting with like, I was probably making like 10 5,000 bets.
I would only like one game, but I would bet 5,000 on 10 of them.
And that hence is why I can't win.
You give me, you know, I just fire.
But I'm excellent at handicapping if I am in control and giving you the games.
But when I'm personally, when I i have that wheel i'm firing you know
firing nfl i know that's where you started off do you play all sports all four of the majors or no because after nfl i lost all my money and never any money left took me it took me to recover until
september literally literally it's a coin flip man literally so the the whole it seems like the
whole gambling thing has led you down these crazy paths.
Was there anything else story-wise in the book that is one that you're like,
this ended up happening?
We talked about the movie, and you've mentioned a couple other.
Yeah, the greatest story ever.
So it's 90.
So the Rangers won the cup in 94.
So it's 95.
It's the first series, matter of fact.
The Devils are on the road playing the Penguins.
It's about 5.30 at night.
And we get a call to my 800 number.
It's like, hey, it's Ken Danica.
I want to speak to stew finer
so they write the name and number down give it to me like i'm like a fucking jerk with this
ken danica that's fucking funny that's really fucking funny i call i and i literally i'm like
yeah who the fuck are you because i'm ken danica i go you're not ken danica you're playing in
fucking two hours he goes yeah i know i'm in the pittsburgh playing in the locker room
i'm like fucking don't fuck with me room. I'm like, fucking, don't
fuck with me. He's like, I'm not fucking with you.
Had a talk.
He was crushed.
It's wide open now what his whole life
is about. Whatever. He's the best guy ever. I love
him. So P.S.
Pays me.
I catch the
whole first cup run with him.
Me and my brother sit right next to his wife and his sister
at game four when they won
because they swept Detroit at Detroit 2-0,
came back, closed it out.
And that was wild.
I have two signed sticks from the entire team
that won the cup.
We sent the limo to them. They signed them and they brought them back. We have two signed sticks from the entire team that won the cup.
We sent the limo to them.
They signed them and they brought them back.
Why was he so obsessed with you and why did he reach out?
Well, I was hot at the time.
I had my TV show.
Yeah, he was a stuff money.
And he wouldn't bet no hockey.
Never hockey.
Nothing to do with hockey.
So at the time, I think it was baseball and NBA playoffs. And I got hot for him, thank God.
What about younger?
He paid me probably like 35 grand.
I made him like 160.
And then I eventually went bad.
Back to like even.
But even meant that I got my 35 and he lost money.
But he was a wild man on his own.
I didn't know that.
So he just tapped himself out.
But this is the best.
I sent him two cases.
Twelve bottles in each case.
Twenty-four fucking bottles.
Cristal Champagne. Kenny.
Daddico, if you listen to this, you owe me.
So, sent two cases.
He never drank the shit ever. He didn't even know
what it was. Because he was supposed to
bring the cup to my fucking
office with my guys
we're gonna drink party and hang it out and he never did and then eventually i lost games for
him and you know he tapped himself out and whatever it was went several ways six months goes by and
all of a sudden i get a fucking call stewie it's kenny danica holy fuck was that champagne great i
forgot it was even in my basement. I just wanted to thank you.
I'm like, yeah, you fucked me.
You didn't bring the cup.
He goes, yeah, Stu, I know.
I love you.
I'm like, I love you too.
And he was so grateful because the champagne he never tasted.
He had 240 more bottles.
It must be thousands.
I don't even know.
It was like, whatever.
It was like five.
I don't even remember thousands of cases. But Kenny Danico was like, that went on for months.
Because Pittsburgh was the first series all four series we went to every game um every home game and we went to both stanley
cup games and the last game and he said to me listen you can't fucking open your mouth about
who you are to my wife or my sister i'm like of course relax oh my god who did he say you were
when he was introducing shit i don't think no, I don't think. No, he never introduced me.
Did that give you a resurgence of love for hockey?
Or are you always that? Well, you know something?
Obviously, I went to NASA Community College in 1980, 81, 82.
So I caught the first Islander Cup.
And then we caught every one of their cups.
So nothing could ever be that big.
I was so rooting against the Rangers in the 90s
because all the Ranger fans,
I told them if they ever went to the Cup,
I would fucking treat for Stanley Cup tickets.
You know, it was like 75,000 I went for.
It was horrible, just horrific.
I was rooting for the Devils in game seven.
I was the only person at Madison Square Garden
screaming for the Devils, you know,
please don't win.
So that hurt me.
So I always loved playoff hockey.
I owned a business called Colorado Sports Advisors
in the 80s.
So that when Patrick Waugh went over there
and then they won the Cups,
you know, that was pretty fucking amazing.
So the avalanche I caught at a good time,
which was pretty good.
So I have one more story.
You want to hear another story?
Oh, buddy.
I got fucking all the time.
Colorado Sports Advisors.
I opened the company in 84.
1990.
Charlie Sheen calls us up.
He's fucking all these women at his house.
He's at his peak his he's just it's crazy what he's doing yeah heidi fleisch yeah he's doing a lot of crazy it was a wild time all right p.s
over six weeks he paid us five hundred thousand dollars he used to rent a four-seater plane
get like i think a kilo of Coke, him,
Emilio Estevez, and Eric
Roberts, Julia Roberts'
brother, used to get in the plane,
go to whatever game we told them,
snort their fucking dick off,
fuck women, and pay us.
Half a milli he paid us.
Oh my God. Half a milli.
And then
we turned him on to
one of the major
hotels in Vegas
he lost like another 8 million
and at the time we were able to
not get an end of his
losses but I had
free rooms, free food and on every
golf course for like 4 years
I could send anybody, anytime
anywhere with not a boo because he lost 8 million and then he stopped gambling every golf course for like four years. I could send anybody, anytime, anywhere,
with not a boo because he lost 8 million.
And then he stopped gambling, obviously.
Stu, when we were doing the Bruins Islander stream,
I remember you briefly mentioned to me something about Yager and his mom calling you one time.
Oh, yeah, I remember Yager, the scumbag fuck.
Yeah, I'm a fuck you.
You owe me 60,000, you prick.
No, he doesn't.
Come on. No, no, no. This is the best. So I guess this is when... Oh, God. you owe me 60,000 you prick no he doesn't come on
no no no this is the best
so I guess this is when
we haven't even got him on for an interview yet
this is when the offshore sports books just started
and
wait can I hop in quick
I think hey I'll pay you the 60 grand
if we can get him on
for an interview that's a deal
listen he's living in his mother
he was living in his mother's house.
He wouldn't have the balls to get on the fucking phone.
He lost a million three to SBG Global
in like the early 90s.
He spent 100,000 a game.
The guy that owned the sports book says,
Stu, do you know this guy?
He's terrible.
Maybe you help him.
It was after he lost a million too.
The owner of the sports book gave me his number.
Rest his peace, Dave Boone.
I call him up.
I make him like 130 grand.
He beat us out of the money.
Didn't pay us a penny.
Didn't pay us nothing. Called the house. The us out of the money. Didn't pay us a penny. Didn't pay us nothing.
Called the house. The mother
got on the phone. You fucking call my son.
I'll fucking call the cops.
And his mother, like
we called like another 20 times and his mother
kept saying we're calling the cops and that was it.
Yeah, he wasn't good to us.
But again, he lost a million too.
God only knows what he lost. I know
they lost a million to the the mate the number one sport or show sports book in the country in the world because
he was betting with my buddy i don't know what else he lost with other sports books it could be
untold but yeah he was not nice i heard i heard that was fucking bullshit i heard he was leaking
oil his entire career he uh he he fired i mean i think i think he lost 12 straight hundred thousand
dollar bets wow it's like all the oppressive like you can't do that if you try you know He fired. I mean, I think he lost 12 straight 100,000 bets. Wow.
It's like all the impressive, like, you can't do that if you try, you know?
No.
Holy shit.
R.A., be careful.
Be careful what you say here.
No, anybody could do it.
But, I mean, it's just like, you know, that's what life is.
He was the best hockey player in the world.
He was great, and he's very competitive.
Similar to Michael Jordan.
God only knows how much money Michael Jordan's lost gambling.
Michael Jordan is such a bad gambler.
When he used to lose to people playing golf, he wouldn't pay.
A guy beat him for 1.5 million, and he didn't pay him.
The guy had to write a book to embarrass Michael Jordan.
The guy didn't pay.
Michael Jordan just said, fuck, you're not paying.
Not paying. Yeah, Michael Jordan just said, fuck, you're not paying. Not paying.
Yeah, Michael Jordan was
never a good gambler. The way I understand it,
he has a guy who rolls around all the golf
course with a Louis Vuitton bag. And I'm going
back like 30 years. Yeah.
But yeah. No, no, he was always
Jordan. Jordan will play with you
until he can double you up, which isn't fair.
Because let's say he loses
100,000. Then he loses 200,000. Then he loses 200,000. Then he loses 400,000. Then he loses 800,000. Because let's say he loses 100,000.
Then he loses two.
Then he loses four.
Then he loses eight.
Then he loses a million six.
Then he loses three million.
He's going to double.
How are you going to handle that?
Fuck that.
You know, but he can do it because he's Michael Jordan.
Well, our own Ryan Whitney has lost money to him.
So that's how bad Whitney is at gambling.
He's already sucked him in.
Well, Michael Jordan is a good golfer.
He's just not a great golfer.
You know, you're good until you play someone that's good,
and then you're not good.
And as a pro athlete, you know that.
You know, he's not as great as you are.
You guys have any more questions?
I want to... Jeremy Roenick called me once, the best.
I don't remember what team he was on.
He's like, hey, I got this guy fucking Les Fine.
He's my brother's customer.
Les Fine, let's hit this card for 5,000.
He's got football.
What do we do?
They're like, hit it.
Hit the card.
He was a good guy.
He was such a good guy.
Oh, JR?
Oh, JR's the man.
He was so nice to us.
He was so nice.
And he had a lot of money.
He always made money.
Stu, any more hockey stories you got for us?
Let me think.
There were so many people that paid me that were hockey people,
but they weren't famous.
But there was a lot of hockey players that loved to bet pro football.
I mean, like, who doesn't?
Right, right, right.
Guilty.
Pro football, everybody loves to bet pro football
because it's impossible to win.
It is the hardest sport to win.
You know, hockey's probably the easiest,
then baseball, then basketball, then football.
Hockey over-unders, you can grind and hit about 57.
And when I say win, 54, 55, 56, 57.
Those are the real numbers.
Anybody above that, I don't really know if that's a real number.
That's their epic year.
You hit 60, you're gone.
So just to put real numbers in perspective here.
You've mentioned Dave a couple times.
We haven't had him on yet, and we're going to at some point.
I'm so upset.
I know.
I guess you texted him and said you were coming on. So funny. No, no.
We were on the Dave Portnoy show. Right. If he could have strangled Ryan
Whitney, he would have. He took it as a personal affront. He called Ryan
Whitney's phone right on camera 40 times and Ryan did not
pick up. I've been suggesting it for years since we started. We want to do one
like this, but what I was getting to is
you seem very, very grateful for
not only Dave, but this company and
the resurgence of your
career. It seems as if
you're back on top.
No, no. I'm number one
in the world right now. There's no two ways about it.
And where you deserve to be. In other words, it's
directly because of Dave
and the love of Barstool fans and the company. And in other words, it's directly because of Dave and the love of Barstool fans
and the company itself.
Like in other words,
Dave allows me full access
to everybody anytime, anywhere.
Like how many people can sit in his fucking office
and do a video going,
Dave, fuck you.
No one, you know what I mean?
Like, you know,
I knock on Erica's office,
give her a big hug and kiss.
You know, we're like buds.
So, and I think that love is followed through
with all the people that watch Barstool.
But everybody's been very helpful with the company here,
for me, with me, and I love them.
I love everyone because it's hard what we do.
It's hard to perform, hard to pick games,
hard to be funny.
You get embarrassed.
You got to show up every fucking day.
There's nowhere to hide.
If you suck, you're going gonna suck in front of the world yeah showing that you suck and you're gonna work
through yeah you gotta own it embrace the song yeah you gotta own it so it's hard what you guys
do you know what i'm saying and i love it you know what i mean like and it makes me feel very young
when i come here remember i'm 61. i'm 30 years past my prime. The reason I'm a living legend, the reason I'm still
funny is because when I was in my
20s and 30s, I was funny.
I was genuinely funny.
With no one watching me, I was fucking
funny. So I'm grateful that
everyone's accepted, you know,
my flaws, my character defects
and my age, so to speak,
that certain times I'm not up with
stuff.
But yeah, I mean, he's made my life a dream storybook.
I can't go anywhere without people wanting to take pictures of me,
interrupting me while I'm eating.
I live for that.
I'm the guy that will stand there
forever giving autographs, giving pictures,
because who the fuck am I? It's amazing.
I think we should
remake the movie of your
life, and we should do it. Fuck
the fucking Hollywood bullshit.
Let's do it. You should be you in that fucking
movie. Let's do it. We have enough money. We have enough people here
to put money. Hey, Ryan, you won 16
million. Put up the money.
How about Stu
Whitney? Pink Stewie stewie hey who would uh
who would wit be in the movie like who what what character on your life uh maybe and maybe while
you think about that the reason one of the other cool things that happened this past weekend is
you threw a party at your house grinnelly went to it and going back to one of the stories you told
when you sold the 11 homes that you'd built,
was that the home that you ended up keeping and not selling that you still live on now?
Correct.
Yeah.
Because it was three parcels, a 1.8-acre side field that a person has a house there now,
3.2 acres in the back of my house, which I built 11 houses,
named after my oldest son, Joe Michael Court.
And I have been on, since 1990, the 2.5 acre estate.
And that's where I,
that's where the party was.
I felt that that was a,
you know,
that's a nice little,
nice little wrap up.
You know,
you get to throw a party
on that parcel
that you did keep
and you,
you know,
you had some trials
and tribulations
through your life,
but you've grinded back.
Thank you so much
for your time,
for coming on this.
Where can you buy
the merch, Stu?
Yeah, yeah.
Oh, okay.
Merch you can get at belikestu.com.
B-E-L-I-K-E-S-T-U.com.
And the main things I'm doing right now,
merch is killing, but the shout-outs,
Stu Finer shout-outs.
People love them.
I dive off the diving board, scream and yell,
any occasion, no matter what it is.
On a cameo? No, I do them on, I am Stu Finer occasion, no matter what it is. Where do you do them? On a cameo?
No, I do them on, I am Stu Finer Shoutouts.
Fuck cameo.
Suck my dick cameo.
Cameo, suck my dick.
I'm an investor in cameo.
Oh, are you? I love cameo.
Buy the stock!
They always call me.
They always call me to be on there, but I don't need them.
I have like my own audience.
So that's on belikestu.com too. And then for picks, don't gamble. You don call me to be on there, but I don't need them. I have my own audience. That's on belikestu.com too.
Then for picks, don't gamble.
You don't need to gamble.
Stu, always an adventure.
Oh my God.
I'll come on every week for the rest of it. It's an honor.
My greatest honor. This might be my greatest honor.
Switch over to hockey gambling
and you and Merle's
will have a show. Or maybe you can still
work it into the season.
We can do it.
I'm ready.
And, of course, Rear.
Yeah, I'm ready.
But I would definitely fade his picks.
And then you'd be at 70.
It's going to turn quick, but we'll see what happens.
Hockey totals.
Hockey totals.
Huge thanks to Stu for jumping on with us, man.
One of the absolute characters at Barstool,
but also one of the more generous guys behind the scenes, man. We had a blast talking to him and can't wait to get
back down to Hoboken and party with him again, but his interview was also brought to you by Manscaped.
Manscaped is designed with fathers in mind and the Performance Package 4.0
is here just in time for your pup's special day. Don't be a goon and let
your dad fight his bush with the wrong tools. Give him the best with the Performance
Package 4.0.
It includes the Lawn Mower 4.0 trimmer,
weed whacker, ear and nose hair trimmer,
formulations, and tube-free gifts.
In the Battle of the Bush,
the Lawn Mower 4.0 trimmer is your go-to against your pubes.
The package also comes up with the weed whacker to chop your weeds up top of your ears and nose.
Guys, I've said it before.
If you're over 30, you should have ear, nose, eyebrow trimmer
because the shit keeps growing. You lose it on your head,
but it comes out everywhere else.
Manscaped also just launched their brand new
Boxes 2.0.
With summer just around the corner, the Boxes 2.0
are here to save every father from the
uncomfortable heat. Get
20 off and free shipping with the code
CHICKLETS at Manscaped.com.
That's 20 off with free shipping at manscaped.com that's 20 off with free shipping
at manscaped.com and use that code chicklets a cornhole cornhole trimmer oh god i've got
electrolysis for that stuff buddy what do you guys do for that i got i put a special guard on my my
head ones and i just go to town on my hoop so yeah yeah that's the play that's the play i wish you
could do like well you probably can't i actually the last time he says i wish i could get
electrolysis from like the box region just wipe out all the hair i actually got a thing hey ari
i work for this company now it doesn't i was like dude i was just making a joke i really wouldn't
get electrolysis like all of my cornhole what does that mean like basically the laser that
makes it stop growing at all yeah yeah so you don So you don't never get hair. Yeah. Well,
I just take it off off there and put it back in back of my head that I
lost fucking years ago.
But what about you?
You probably don't grow a lot of hair on your hoop.
Not a hairy guy.
Not a hairy guy.
I'm like a dolphin.
Just nothing.
I know we talked about same teeth as a dolphin.
I got to get my teeth fixed.
That's a problem. My teeth are terrible. I got to get my teeth fixed. That's a problem.
My teeth are terrible.
I need to get my teeth fixed.
Anyone out there who fixes teeth fucking help me.
Let's get a team dentist and I'll get new jibs.
I'll get,
we'll get the TV teeth,
the movie jibs.
Would you get all new up,
up top jibs with,
no,
I think I like got these front ones.
I'll figure it out.
They're already,
they're already, They're already fake.
So it would be like painting a house that just got painted if I were to fix these jibs.
Yeah, could they be a little more white?
No doubt.
Should I maybe drink coffee out of a straw?
Yes, but they're not getting fixed straightness wise.
They're just trying to get maybe a little bit whitened here and there.
The problem is the two front ones, you can't whiten because they're fake so it's just like
kind of an uphill battle dude i really could care less to be truthfully with truthful with you
you should get botox in your bum chin
get a strength of power get a kardashian make it a k it a Kardashian ass on your chin instead. What if I just go Vince McMahon and get all this work done?
Is it the women's lips now are crazy.
Oh, it's so crazy.
It's ridiculous.
Every woman, like, and once you start doing that to your lips,
you have to do it for the rest of your life.
It's ridiculous.
I don't even get the point.
Like, you know, it's like, what's the point?
But I live in AZ.
You know how many fake asses I see here now?
Miami's a different story.
These people are walking around looking like a fucking ant.
I know it's kind of like a, you'd never have the answer,
but like Kim Kardashian,
like possibly would change the way women look forever.
Like if she hadn't come around,
maybe somebody else comes and looks like her.
But the lips thing now with girls, you see some girls,
you're just like like what is your lips
what are they doing they're not moving and they're huge they're like a like a um what pops out of the
steering wheel when you get in a car accident airbag yeah bag yeah yeah yeah kind of like the
asses too man it's like they're comical some of them they're fake i mean you're not supposed to
have a fake ass i wish i had an ass i wouldn't get a fake ass but oh there's the worst of the horror stories oh my god biz we could do a bet where one of us has to get a fake
oh yeah oh yeah yeah i've been on quite the streak here last thing i need is a fucking fake dump i
got a big enough dumper as it is the worst is when these girls like they they have shows about when
they go down to like mexico to get it done cheap oh oh and they're putting like cement in their ass oh not good and then you see there's a guy overseas actually who uh
who is getting all that shit putting his muscles kind of like the girls getting their asses i mean
he ended up going viral he's like one of the most famous guys for having all the cement in his uh
his biceps and triceps how How stupid can you be, man?
I know.
For what?
You know, you're fucking.
All right, boys, you guys know I'm not a water snob.
We talked about a few weeks ago.
But you know what fucking absolutely grinds my gears is disgusting,
gross bottled water.
Like, when we were at Pearson, there was a listener at the gate said hello.
I say, buddy, watch my bags for a minute.
I got to go grab some.
I'll grab a drink.
You want a water? He's like, yeah, yeah, yeah yeah yeah so i grabbed the water i give it to him you
know i was like buddy i gotta do some work i would have loved to chat so i took a couple sips but you
know at the end of the trip you got that cotton mouth the gross tasting mouth i didn't didn't
give it a thought so i took the water home he threw in my fridge a couple days ago i pulled
it out of my fridge to drink it it was i spit it out i was like and i literally went on twitter
and retroactively apologized to this kid and saying sorry i bought him this water that was so disgusting
they should put ratings on water like like i know people like i hate dasani and aquafina whatever
this was 17 notches below i think they fucking had to run off from pearson airport's fucking
like sewage system the tears from all the passengers for the flights was bottled it was a plot twist it was
coca-cola no man it was like i i know like you know different brand i don't even know a brand
because i try to find one and i was in canada i don't know what the good ones are the bad ones but
it was so disgusting like i literally had to like retroactively apologize to this guy that i bought
him this water water snob all.a who luckily we have that amazing
amazing body armor that we can drink body armor water knocks it out of the park the best of the
body armor water will rock your dick and do another plan is that a free read was that a free read
yeah i just love body armor there's big chiclets cup sponsor so we got to give them their shout out
yeah that's the surprise for thursday that everyone gets a body of bottle
hey round of applause for RA.
The first grind my gears that wasn't transportation related.
That's what our producers are for.
It's hitting me off.
Well, I know.
Now you know, I guess what really pisses me off when I'm traveling.
So, no, but that water was foul.
It was foul water.
I don't even know the name of it.
My wife, I made her get rid of the thing in the recycling.
Dasani is shit.
Yeah, everyone.
It's funny
when i tweet about it everybody like had to sound i'm like no it wasn't it wasn't even but i mean i
don't know is it that bad everyone rate i think we can agree that the sonny is awful and not only
that i think it has like a like a certain amount of sodium content that actually like dehydrates
you so there's a lot of it's not balanced it's fucking junk someone does someone send me a
tiktok video of this guy he walks in cvs and like nowadays there's seven zillion bottles and he goes
through each one and tells you like you know this is he's like this is tap water that's been processed
this is good for you like he go he runs through the whole thing like i don't know i mean it's
two pots hydrogen one pot oxygen how fucking how much different can it be but i don't know you just
did a grind my fucking gears on it obviously Obviously, shitty man. They make some shitty water out there,
but let's move along this league with this. How funny is this story? Steph? Oh, my God. The wife
swap. Oh, my God. Del Curry, Steph's dad, his new girlfriend. And well, the ex-wife, Steph's mother,
Sonia, the new boyfriend. Well, this is hilarious. Someone on Twitter tweeted as a joke.
He's like, why does it look like Steph's dad's new girlfriend
and his mom's old boyfriend look like the husband and wife?
And the internet, as they say, did its thing.
And some guy's like, oh, because they are.
This guy tweeted as a joke.
It turns out they were married.
And then there's this whole rigmarole behind it.
They filed for divorce.
Each has accused the other of cheating, blah, blah, blah.
And now they're dating each other's old spouse.
It is.
It's like a wife swap.
And, like, Biz, is this something you could or would or have done?
I know you never been married, but, like, if somebody was, you know,
dating your ex, would you date theirs just to even up the smash factor?
Okay, so as you were breaking down how it all went down,
and, by the way, you did a great job in explaining to people
who might not have heard the story.
Basically, it was a wife swap situation.
But I think considering that maybe the other one has felt so slighted and wants answers and then like, who's this new guy?
There's probably some form of like connection.
You end up in a bond you develop with the other partner.
And therefore, you know, and I will say um who was it uh seth curry is
that the guy's name what do you definitely same parents so yeah they're brothers so it's the same
parents who's who's the dad what's his name oh dell dell he was the one i thought he made out
all right in the deal i did that blonde one was nice so all wrapped up in that it's like you got one put on a tee for you
and then you just kind of swap it up and i mean you move along and you fucking enjoy the ride
kind of got to be a little bit of like just a nightmare for steph curry just like watching
this play out publicly while you're in the finals lighting it up i think he's so dialed in i don't
even like i mean i know it's not affecting his fucking basketball, but, like, what are you going to do?
I mean, you had to have known that a little bit of this stuff was going on
even before it became public.
I don't know.
I'm pretty sure he's got the blinders on to it all.
He's still going to fucking be draining threes in the finals.
And if your parents get divorced,
but then you've got to, like, hear about who's smashing who in the news.
But, I don't know, family Christmas should be fucking wild this year
with that family. Oh, also
to our buddy Jack McGuire at headquarters.
He was all over this in a TikTok
as well, breaking it all down and how it all
went down. It's just hilarious. This is the
stuff, like we said, this league and the NBA.
And also, too, after the game, I don't know if you know,
Steph got a hug from his dad after. What, did you watch
the game Friday?
Friday.
Yes, I did. Yes, I did.
I mean, I'm a Larry Bird disciple. Love the guy.
But even I can say the best shooter in NBA history.
And it's really not even close. Like he is.
No one's ever done what Steph's done before.
It's incredible. And it's like when he gets into those zones, I can't imagine.
It's kind of what I was talking about. Ryan Miller in 2010 in Vancouver.
It's like Steph Curry. It's like, doesn't matter.
He has no time,
no space.
It looks like he's just throwing it as a hope and a prayer.
It ends up going in as a fan of like the Celtics,
right?
Like I'm not a big basketball fan,
but Celtics hometown team in the finals,
I'm watching the games.
It's just like the worst feeling.
He shoots it up.
You're like,
that's in.
And then you talk about like he did the pregame videos where he's just
draining half court threes i mean he has to be the best shooter to ever live is that i guess
larry bird uh people would argue me but i don't know and the fact that like he did this guy played
in a fucking corn fairy tour golf tournament and i think he was like 73 73 just a one of the
greatest athletes in the world he looks like he's 34 years old he still
looks like he's like 20 he's just a yeah he's one of the greatest to ever do it and and even like
all the shitting on the nba i've done like i it's really hard not to like him he just seems like
such a great teammate he seems like an awesome guy he's always talking about his kids he's just
always in the news for good reasons and it's really hard not to root for him because when you watch this guy play basketball when he's in that zone
i've never seen anything like it all right we're talking about divorce i suppose we can move it
over to marriage and uh you guys saw this clip of this disney employee he swiped this dude's
engagement ring mid proposal for this couple now they were in a restricted area the way that i
guess the performers go well apparently it was at disneyland and paris and apparently they asked another employee hey can we go up there and i guess that employee said oh go
for it so they went up there the dude's literally on his knee and this guy comes running out boom
swipes the fucking diamond out of his hands and he's like go go you got to go this way now he's
lucky the dude didn't pummel him because like i mean he swiped the fucking diamond who knows how
many thousands of dollars it was worth and he just demanded him to go away. But like
on that vein, where's the worst place you can propose
to somebody? Is it a minor baseball game?
Okay. Sports game. Is it a sports
game? Seventh inning stretch at a
ball game. Yep. Yep.
Take me out to the ball
game, honey. Will you?
It's just like, what are you doing? And it's always in the
big screen. And then like the girl,
if you're with a girl, you're like, what do you think about that?
They're just like, don't do it there.
Please, please don't ever do it there.
It's a tough one.
It's a tough one.
Where'd you, if it's not too personal, where did you propose?
On the beach in situ at Massachusetts.
There you go.
Nice.
Yeah.
What about you?
Did you have a photographer lined up?
My dad like hid in the bushes and got a couple of good pictures.
It was on his iPhone.
It was also on Easter, I remember.
I don't think I would have a photographer there.
I would just do it, me and the person.
Yeah, it's a private moment.
My living room, Christmas morning.
I got engaged Christmas morning.
I was sick as a dog, too.
But I couldn't talk to Postpone.
No, no, I never get sick.
I was legit sick that Christmas.
And yeah, I did it then.
And it was good, man.
The whole world doesn't have to see that shit.
I think private's the way to go.
Let's see.
We got some more golf drama.
R.A. was on the beach, and he had the octopus from my octopus teacher swim up. Do you take these eight rings to be my bride oh my god r.a wanting to marry that octopus and then he brought her for fish and chips after
by the haba by the boston haba and had an ipa it was a great day. And then we went and watched the parade.
Sam Adams.
And then we watched a Bill Burr special.
And then the town came on late night. I stayed up
for it. She went to sleep.
I'm in it, you know.
What was... Oh, but
on a side note, like,
Conor wasn't angry about it, considering
his outfit. The guy was dressed in all
white at Disneyland.
Come on.
Yeah, but he's in Paris.
Who knows?
I think that's where the Paris factor came in.
Yeah, it wasn't white on certain guys, man.
You might want to check that one.
That's what, imagine having to work at Disneyland.
And that's what you have to do.
That guy probably got a raise for doing that.
No, actually.
So Disneyland reached out and offered them
like free passes whenever they want to go now i'm not sure if it's the fast pass which might
have changed his mind in the whole ordeal but he says no i don't want to go back i'm too scarred
yeah i don't blame the guy he ruined his engagement if i was universal studios i'd be
offering him a lifetime contract and go
rub it in fucking disney's face but uh what i know is a bunch of golf drama i didn't know if
you want to talk about the ibc canadian open rory troll and greg norman or the reed oh rory mcelroy
just rory mcelroy with an insane tournament in um in in ontario for the canadian open he won it the
last time it was played before covid i think it was 2019 he wins it again pretty great day for the Canadian open. He won it the last time it was played before COVID. I think it was 2019.
He wins it again.
Pretty great day for the PGA tour to try to just fight against this live
golf series and,
and the unlimited amount of money they have to spend.
And we talked about it,
but Rory goes out and it's a battle between him and Justin Thomas,
two of the best in the world.
And also two of the most vocal guys in terms of fighting against back against live and like saying how horrible it is and how they would never do it. So
the tour could not have asked for anything better. If they had some no name win this event,
it's kind of like worst case scenario for them. They were able to get their top dog out in front.
And then, yeah, in terms of trolling good, right. Norman, it was Rory's 21st PGA tour victory,
which is just so wild. Like four majors.
He should have more.
I'd love to see him win this week in Brookline at the Country Club.
But it was his 21st PGA Tour win.
And he said in the press conference, yeah, it's one more than somebody else.
Greg Norman had 20 in his career.
So a little subtle jab over at Greg Norman, maybe the most hated man in golf, along with Phil Mickelson right now.
So it's just wild to see. And the live tour, I'm going to be honest, I tuned in a little on Friday,
Thursday when it began. It's going to end up like working. I don't know if it'll be around
in four or five years, but it's like they got the scoreboard similar to the F1 scoreboard,
but three letters in the three letters of the guy's last names.
They don't have a scoreboard online on the website, which is a little confusing.
I mean, this is their first broadcast on YouTube or on their website.
They're going to have to figure out the kinks.
And the thing is, though, there really is not much going on.
Like they're playing for this absurd amount of money.
Charles Switzer won 4.75 million for winning the event.
I think the top five players combined at the Canadian open were paid about
3.3 combined or 3.7.
So it's just like the problem I think live will have is that it's just,
it's what is it for?
And like,
I guess you could say that about certain random PGA tour events, the guys that you've never heard of when, but it's what is it for and like i guess you could say that about certain random pga tour
events that guys that you've never heard of win but it's just it's just straight up a straight
up cash grab and um from what i did here is again apparently like on the ground it's fun i guess
they had a big concert after that a lot of people hung around for i think it's probably a way more
laid-back vibe with music pumping everywhere drinking i i
i'm curious to see what it's like there's actually an event coming to a horrible golf course the
international just brutal in bolton massachusetts so there's a live event coming to boston these
guys think they see live boston they're gonna stay there it's like an hour 20 minutes away without
traffic so imagine what they think when they end up realizing they got to drive
Bolton for the international, but I guess on the grounds,
it seemed like a good event in terms of watching it. I don't know.
Maybe if you get some of the big heavy hitters coming down the wire and
finishing it off the tournament, it could get exciting.
The one thing that is cool is the shotgun start.
I talked about because every guy finishes at the exact same time.
So it's, it's, it's a bizarre time in pro golf though like the craziest time ever in the game
uh the PGA Tour is kind of on life support um you you uh said Greg Norman the most hated guy in golf
uh maybe just as much as Phil Mickelson now did you know anything about his reputation before all
this like is he known that you seem to know all all the golfers and what they're like behind the scenes.
Yeah, well, he tried doing this before.
I think in the 90s, he was like a part of trying to have this breakaway tour.
And I don't know where his hatred for the PGA Tour stems, but he hates the PGA Tour.
Like, he has been looking to bring them down and change golf in that way to get
basically guys out of the tour and playing in different events.
And basically he's always talking about how they're, what is it?
Contractors. I don't, I can't think of the word.
There's some term in terms of like what they are in terms of not being
employees. The whole thing is the PGA Tour is a nonprofit.
I think I mentioned this last week where they should just maybe try to become
a for-profit organization, be able to pay guys a little bit more.
I don't know what they do. That's the problem.
If you're looking at the PGA tour and you don't want the current model to be
changed by this live golf money grab, it's like,
I don't know what you could do against a force that has an unlimited bank
account. So like there was a thing on a podcast, like what's to stop the live golf tour, but we're throwing a golf tournament the same weekend as the Masters for 100 million purse.
But you know what I mean? Like when you have like this amount of money, just think about it.
Like, like Dr. Shit and the Saudis. I don't think. All right. Tell me if you're wrong.
And already you mentioned how much it disgusts you based on Saudis' involvement
in being behind 9-11.
The 9-11 Foundation, I don't know if it's called,
they came out with a big letter basically calling out the American players
and saying, like, how could you be a part of this with what is happening?
And that's a pretty powerful message.
You know, it's like that is something that hits close to home for a
lot of americans but what's to stop them from like continuing to spend this much money and i don't
think they want i don't think they ever plan on making any money i think this is straight up what
they call sports washing and that is to make your regime in your country look more normal and have
more respect through sport so i i guess i guess
they're willing to spend billions of dollars and not get anything in return but in terms of the
athletes like fuck man these guys you keep upping the prices better players keep going who knows
where this ends yeah we'll see what happens but either way boys we've gone quite a bit here
hopefully everybody enjoyed the episode we'll see you next week.
Enjoy the Stanley Cup.
And we'll see you Wednesday night in the live stream.
And don't wear white pants when you propose.
And don't get engaged to the sport.
As always, we'd like to thank our terrific sponsors here on Spit and Chicklets.
A huge thanks to our friends at Pink Whitney and New Amsterdam Vodka.
Big thanks to our friends over at No Days Wasted.
Big thanks to our friends over at Peter Millar.
Huge thanks to our friends at Shopify.
A big thank you to our friends over at Game Time. And thanks a lot to our friends over at Manscaped.
Have a fantastic week, everybody.
