Hey, Spittin' Chicklets listeners, you can find every episode on Apple Podcasts,
Spotify, or YouTube. Prime members can listen ad-free on Amazon Music.
Hello everybody, welcome to episode 394 of Spittin' Chicklets, presented by Pink Whitney.
From our friends at New Amsterdam Vodka here in the Barstool Sports Podcast family gang, we are in the hometown of Frank Sinatra, Hoboken, New Jersey, for our Game 3 livestream in the Gambling Cave.
Tampa Bay needed to respond, Biz, and they did with a resounding 6-2 win.
We have a series as well as some serious hate we've been waiting for.
Let's jump right into the intros.
Paul, Biz Nasty, Biz Annette to my right.
What's up, guy?
Nothing.
I had a great weekend.
Stopped in Buffalo before I came to NYC.
Wit, you'll be happy.
Got on the golf course with my financial advisor.
I mean, shout out to that guy.
Shout out to you for having a financial advisor.
Shout out to that guy for having to field my calls when I see the fucking stock market move.0001.
But he brought me to the country club of Buffalo, Donald Ross course.
And I tell you what, I was piping them.
I was hitting my irons good.
But that son of a bitch puts bunkers and
the false fronts.
Buddy, the drop-offs in the back of these
greens, dude, it's fucking... You can't go long.
If you go long, you're fucked. And I was
fucked. Even when I was hitting them on the greens,
some of the greens, I four-putted
about four or five times.
Yeah, these things, I know it was a little bit
warm in Buffalo and it hadn't
rained much, so they were very, very cement-like.
But hey, if I'm hitting my driver good and I'm hitting my irons good,
you know it's just one round beforehand for the putter to get going.
And I tell you what, buddy, I'm fucking ready for a sandbagger.
And we're doing one in Buffalo.
We're not going to say who it's with.
We're not going to say where it's at, but we're doing one in Buffalo.
I don't think the country club of Buffalo is letting us on.
We should try to open that thing up to fans.
That would be phenomenal if we could get that public.
Yeah.
Anyone could come watch us.
I'll have the guy who's going after Happy Gilmore,
Sabres fan driving on the fucking 18th fairway with the Volkswagen Beetle,
putting me ass over tea kettle.
Next up, Shorzy.
Want to go to Red Lobster?
Shorzy, I believe this is your first in-person sit-down with the Chicklets crew, right?
This is. First time here. I'm glad we have a series-person sit-down with the Chicklets crew, right? This is.
First time here.
I'm glad we have a series now.
It was fun watching the game with you guys and excited to be back on.
He texted.
Did you write Merle's on Twitter?
Merle said, I think Shorzy and Tony.
What?
I texted you right away.
He said, oh, me and my brother Baker are looking for, by the way, this kid's brother Baker.
Talk about getting all the good things.
He owns you, Nick.
And who's your other brother?
Quinton.
Quinton, this Baker, just a phenomenal-looking Harvard student,
just way better shaped than you, and he crushes you in golf right here too.
But I digress.
Has your family gotten a DNA test?
No, he can't play golf, but we do wonder that because if he takes his shirt off,
it does not look how the other three of us do.
He looks like he should be in a  are these like kid tiktoker movies nowadays where you
get the chiseled guy i don't know gee you help me out here i don't know he's kind of like a zach
efron he's a little zach efron bingo that's what i was going what was the one with all the wolves
in them his head is already big enough but he's still like a few inches shorter than all of us
so we have that going yeah you get the height on him a little bit. You get the height on him a little bit.
Girls don't like short guys.
But I texted him and I said, oh, dude, you were in Hoboken.
Let's go.
And he said, oh, yeah, we need to find a good place to watch the game.
I said, there's no better place.
So it's a great, great thing you made it over.
I'm excited to see you.
After the last time you came on, huge success.
People loved it.
He said, oh, he's like, I forgot a story or two.
So we'll get to that a little bit after we talk some hockey.
Are we going to talk about the fact that you went to the U.S. Open this past weekend?
Yeah, we can talk about that now.
We can talk about that at the end.
I had the best time ever.
I didn't understand.
I'd been to the Masters one round the year Sergio won it.
But it was the first or second round, I think.
That was the best because it was Augusta.
But this experience was nuts.
The course was impossible. The crowd was great.
The golf tournament was sick.
I didn't go their Father's Day.
I played golf myself that day.
It was such a good experience
because you can feel the major
vibe. The Country Club,
they did a sick job. The USGA,
I had a blast going there.
You get pretty crushed at golf tour.
Actually, I'm so happy you brought this up.
I didn't even tell you this.
So besides maybe, I don't know, Rory, Justin Thomas, a couple others,
I was the most famous person on the ground.
I'm not kidding.
It was an absolute amazing experience.
So many Chicklets listeners.
The golf Chicklets crossover, the barstool thing.
It was an unreal time.
I was meeting all these people.
One guy comes up.
Now, this is late Saturday.
We've been there since about 10 a.m.
It's 8 p.m.
The groups are finishing.
Hey, Ryan, big fan of the show.
I said, oh, great.
And then just as I'm kind of, all right, nice seeing you.
He's like, yeah, when I was deployed, I listened to you all the time.
I was in Afghanistan.
I'm like, oh, that's unbelievable. seeing you. He's like, yeah, when I was deployed, I listened to you all the time. I was in Afghanistan. I'm like, oh, that's unbelievable.
Then I want to take a little bit more time.
No offense to you regular Joe Schmoes trying to say hello to us.
But you meet somebody who served our country.
It's like, thank you so much.
And he said, actually, dude, I got a crazy story.
A couple months ago, if not a year ago, I'm not exactly sure on the time frame.
He said, dude, I was driving down the highway, and I flipped my
truck, somebody cut me off, I had to
get out of the way quick, I flipped my truck three times,
ba-boom, ba-boom,
ba-boom, it ends up upside down.
And as I realized, like, holy
fuck, I'm alive, like, what the fuck just happened?
I just hear,
Shane Doan has the
biggest cock I've ever seen.
He goes, bitch, I knew the radio was still working
I've been listening to Chick on tonight
I was dying laughing
I said, oh, I gotta tell that to Chick
I would have forgot if you hadn't just brought that up
Not only that, but first of all, it's an amazing story
The fact that he heard me talking about Shane Doan's huge
Well, he does
I mean, he does
That's a fact
Just the fact that that's what he heard when he realized he was still alive.
But, no, it was a sick tournament.
Maybe later we can whatever talk to him.
Well, you brought your kid there.
Yeah, I brought him Tuesday to the practice round,
and I think I overplayed the hand a little bit because he's four.
And we go golf, and he plays four or five holes with me.
He goes to the range.
But, dude, we started walking, right, and he laid down.
He's down.
He's like, is dad i'm exhausted
i'm so tired i'm so exhausted i was this is after i gave him the ice cream and after i gave him the
pretzel so then this was it's over and um i was like buddy really we'd been there an hour and a
half which is pretty good brian yandex son liam came with us and and he goes this is a really
long tournament like this is the second day this is is a Tuesday. The tournament hasn't started yet.
So we got out of there, but it was cool.
It was cool.
Merle, what's up?
Happy to be here.
Nights of the round table here.
A little hot stove.
My weekend, a little quieter.
I actually watched the movie The Greatest Game or whatever.
Greatest Game Ever Played.
Which is about the amateur to win it actually at that course, the U.S. Open course.
Yeah, he grew up across the street. Great story.
And I was fitting you watch it during the US Open.
And that was about it.
I had Father's Day alone. I was up in New York for some
family business. So, celebrated
alone. It was quiet. But I'm
happy to be down here. I'm not
happy about my abs performance tonight.
By the way,
Shorzy, before we got on, said that we weren't recording yet
when you said that every time you're upset traveling,
you think of Merle's flying from Sweden after a Vegas trip.
The amount of travel Merle's does for this, and we can't thank you enough.
The guy goes Edmonton, Sweden, back to New York, Sweden, Sweden to Vegas.
So every time we get Merle's in our presence, he's traveling from Europe.
So sure as he thinks of that one.
No, I was hungover flying from Vegas to Boston.
And Whit texts me.
He goes, this is Merle's.
What was your travel?
Yeah, I did from Vegas to L.A., three-hour layover in L.A.
Then it was 10 hours from L.A. to Stockholm, wait three hours,
and then a three-and-a-half-hour train home.
Oh, my.
To a very happy wife and two-year-old child when I've been gone six nights.
He's begging.
He's got no money left in his account.
He's got no voice.
Two broken toes from the big deal.
He got cut from the team.
You know what?
Maybe I was a little too hard on you, Merle.
Well, yeah, speaking of that, I didn't get to rebuttal that.
I didn't stop because my toes hurt.
I just knew those other guys were better than me.
Speaking of which, I actually went out for a few adult beverages Saturday,
and I got an offer from a ball hockey C team, the Upstate Stars.
Maybe I can send to the minors.
That's how bad it's gotten.
I played in the coast.
Nothing to be ashamed of.
Down to the sea.
He played.
He played.
Oh, no.
He didn't play real hockey. Okay, so a couple things. He played. Chicklets Cup is. He played. Oh, no. He didn't play real hockey.
Okay.
So a couple things.
Yeah, I played some real games.
Yeah.
Oh, fuck.
After Chicklets Cup.
Jesus.
Yeah, yeah.
I was thinking like.
I didn't need an agent.
I wasn't getting paid, so I didn't call you.
The fact that I didn't even remember that he was in the third.
Was it third or second division in Sweden?
It's considered the fourth division.
Either way, you lit it up, Mark.
Quickly going to Chicklets Cup, though.
Talk to Terry Ryan.
He is not at the World Championships in ball hockey,
but he has a buddy who's scouting there for our team for Chicklets Cup.
He's not a Czech guy.
Con man is on Team Canada.
They are playing in the round robin against Team USA,
who has Noah's Face Killa.
So this is, and apparently when these two teams meet
on the national stage in the ball hockey world,
it gets very, very chippy.
With the added blood of the fact Con Man was embarrassed
by Noah's Face Killa, much like we all were
on the big deal selects,
they are going at it for the first time.
So right now, the World Championships is going on. Where is it going on?
Overseas? I'm not exactly sure, but we
haven't even told people because on Wednesday
we did a live stream where Noseface Killer
joined and he announced that he's going
to be at Chicklets Cup. He's got a new team, but we
haven't recorded since then. I think
we were talking about it last pod. How many times has he gotten
kicked off his team? I don't know. He's
kind of, I don't know. He's
a good player, but I don't think he's got a lot of friends, right? So he gets snapped around from team his team. I know. He's kind of, I don't know. He's a good player, but I don't think he's got a lot of
friends, right? So he gets snapped around
from team to team. They
get their free ring and they're like, that's
as much as we could have put up with you. So I don't
know. For Team USA, I think you don't really have a choice.
He's one of the top dogs
and that just tells you the fact that he's representing
his country. He is coming to Chicklets
Cup and in fact, roll our
reaction to when you surprised them uh
surprised us with him on the live stream uh i just have someone who wanted to stop in for a uh he
wanted to give a little message to biz and uh tr here hey boys oh Oh, God. Holy shit, man.
Wow.
Oh, yeah.
Nose face in your grill.
You boys weren't ready for that one, now, were you?
Not at all, dude.
What's up on your mantle?
Are those Christmas cards still nose face?
What are you sitting on your toilet?
Where's your?
Oh, that's Vegas, baby. Oh, wow oh wow loving that right here coincidentally better if you want to show this to lorenzky you know i mean game winning photo buddy how can we
argue with this guy biz he talks shit because he wins wow he's the goat man he's the guy i mean i
was in shock i don't know who the fuck teed it up. Was it you?
Yeah.
Oh, yeah.
I mean, that guy, man.
His face hit the screen.
You ask it again.
You ask it about his...
Who's his killer?
He's the baddest boy in ball hockey.
He's a bad man.
He's just a shit-talking cocky, but dude, walks the walk after he talks the talk.
Faced like a half-chewed caramel.
I mean, he's not winning any beauty pageants,
but he's tucking four or five a game.
He shoots from everywhere.
He has a cannon.
His stick is seven feet long, and he's 5'3 12",
and he can snipe.
So he's been on the winning team in Detroit ball hockey,
our first one, and Chicklets Cup in Vegas,
and he's coming back for a third, but he gets kicked off every team.
But he does it, and he's like high-stepping, playing to the camera, blowing us kisses.
He said to us tonight, we met him in Vegas.
We met this dude.
And he said, oh, we met him in Detroit.
And that's when we met him at the casino, and he was like, I'm sorry, man.
He had the worst flannel button-up I'd ever seen on a human being.
Oh, it was Al Borland's shirt from the recordings.
Oh, was it?
It was August, 95 degrees out.
He's still wearing a button-down flannel.
And he was going at Zach Wierenski fresh off a 9.5 million contract.
But I'll tell you, when I saw him and he was saying that, I'm like,
okay, I kind of feel bad for this kid.
There's no way that this guy's actually good at ball hockey.
And it turns out he's one of the best players in the world.
That's who he is.
Enough about nose-face killa.
One thing that was mentioned right before we hop on,
you, in fact, started your own podcast.
I did.
I saw how much money you guys were making.
I tried to get on the fucking gravy train.
Oh, yeah?
Yeah.
How's the merch sales coming?
I'm on episode three.
What kind of booze are you coming out with?
It's on the way. No, I actually called
Witt. He was very helpful. He thought I was
psychotic for going one-on-one with
guests. I just remember saying
I couldn't really interview somebody
one-on-one. I don't think you've done it. I've never done it.
I enjoy it. You can bring it your own way
and if you're prepared enough, it's
fun. But no, it's been fun.
I did my third episode last week.
It's called Betting the Limit.
It's on Spotify now.
And it's focusing on athletes who are retired and are now super successful in different
business ventures.
Who have you done so far?
So my first guest was a retired skeleton athlete who's actually releasing a NFT for charity
and young athletes this week in New York.
That's actually why I'm in New York.
Oh, really?
Oh, there's like a big crypto event here, isn't there?
Yeah, a big crypto event.
And a tea week.
The second was Dave Carl.
Oh, the coach of Denver.
Coach of Denver who had to retire due to a heart condition.
He won the national championship this year.
That guy's in his 20s, correct?
Oh, he's in his 30s now.
30s, and then he's already won a national.
So he's going to be a first-round pick in the NHL,
went to the combine.
They found a heart condition, retired.
Oh, that's heartbreaking. I didn't know that was him. So he volunteered while I was going to be a first-round pick in the NHL, went to the Combine. They found a heart condition, retired. Oh, that's heartbreaking.
I didn't know that was him.
So he volunteered while I was going to school.
He was a year above me.
And now he'll be a coach in the NHL, I would say, in three, four years probably.
Wow.
So you weren't at school yet when he got that news, though, at the Combine?
No, so I was the next year.
So they honored a scholarship, and he was still going.
What an amazing story.
Yeah, everyone check that out. Bet limit betting the limit i like that thanks
guys what are you trying to extract you're just saying like people like starting their own ventures
well it's just like now that i've seen like retirement can be tough for guys regardless of
what sport um i never thought i'd be a guy who had a hard time retiring i always kind of not made fun
of but you hear those stories and you're like, oh, that
will never be me.
Yeah, but you're the biggest creature of habit.
Yeah, that's what I mean.
So I had a tough time.
And so it's like now that I've seen that some guys are able to retire and pivot and be super
successful at other things, kind of just picking their brains on different things.
And the guy I had on last episode started one of the biggest marijuana companies, was
a hockey player, started one of the biggest marijuana companies.
RA's eyes.
No, not smoke the most.
Run the company, no.
No, so it's been fun.
Nice.
But the biggest thing, though, is because you get surprised at such a young age,
everybody assumes they're going to play like 15 years
and they're going to know three years before they do it
and how they're going to slowly settle into it.
I mean, most of the time now, especially because the turnover is so frequent, I bet you the 26,
27 guys are like, well, should I go work for a decent living or am I going to go play in
a jungle-type league and make no money?
You can't save anything.
No, and the other thing, too, is the American League now, from when you guys played, is
getting younger and younger.
Younger, way younger.
So it's like you used to be able to, they would hold a lot of those teams would hold on older guys now it's basically
a development league so i think guys are what's the veteran rule have they changed that or is it
still uh you need to have a certain amount of pubic hair they kick you out of the league
no i'm serious oh i'm serious first signs of a bush and you're done yeah but that's how it is
now some of these kids now you know what i mean you get a couple years and then some teams are
just like okay this guy either can or can't play.
So, I mean, I think that some of those guys have to retire a lot quicker
than they originally planned.
Yeah, it's like, oh, he's 24.
Let's get him the Metamucil.
Exactly.
You're in Russia.
Yeah.
Yeah, see ya.
What do you got, R.A.?
I was thinking we should dive into the Game 3 tonight,
go over that a little bit.
We've got to dive into every game.
Yeah, well, probably the most recent recent one i think we should jump into colorado hadn't lost on the road
seven and oh going into game three no braden point for tampa and i think we got the goalie matchup
some of us might have anticipated vasilevsky looked like the vasilevsky of the regular season
early in the playoffs i think he had uh you see here 37 saves on 39 shots and kempa got pulled
five goals on 21 shots.
They had to bring in Franois, so 6-2 win by Tampa.
A resounding difference from the last game, Biz.
Of course, it started out, there was a first goal,
and we thought he scored once again.
They've challenged it.
Derek Lalonde, the assistant coach, said,
oh, this was offside.
It was offside by about that much.
Took the goal down.
Landers scored.
Did put him up 1-0, but it didn't matter.
Tampa just poured it on.
I mean, that was a big swing.
So, Elliott Friedman on the Canadian broadcast was talking about how typically
head coaches get 45
seconds to make the call, to make the
challenge.
Quite a bit of time had gone by. It looked like
they'd even lined up to
take the face off, and as soon as
they panned to the bench, Ari, I think you mentioned
it, you said, Lalonde stalling the ref by continuing to take the face off, and as soon as they pan to the bench, Ari, I think you mentioned it, you said, Lalonde's stalling the ref by continuing to ask the same question
while Koop was looking down at the monitor.
And finally, after about 90 seconds, he says,
yes, we're going to challenge it.
If they're up 2-0 in a series, I don't think that they get that time there
and they go, no, too late, and you're gone.
The fact that they're down 0-2, and it's just out of respect Cooper gets from the league
and how they treat the officials and how they always
make sure to name them by their first name,
he gets that extra time to end up making it.
And boy, that's a big swing there.
I don't think you want to call it a weak goal,
but definitely not one that's going to help with
Vasilevsky's psyche and the fact that he hasn't
looked himself so far in the series.
It was a straight knuckle puck. It was a straight knuckle puck.
It was a straight knuckle puck, and I would say,
and you kept harping on it on the stream,
about halfway through the game, you're like,
okay, oh now Vasily's found his rhythm.
He's seeing everything in every shot,
no matter how high quality.
He made it look like a big nothing burger.
Other than that, I mean, it's just like you said,
Tampa came to play
you know I thought early
in the game that Colorado they were winning
those 50-50 battles they did look like
the faster team but as I mentioned
halfway through something just clicked
Tampa found their game at home
and let's see how big
or let's see how small those arseholes pucker up
to in game four here
oh my god
next one's big.
So,
Merle's made a good point, too, that
because you have a close friend for the
Islanders, the video coach is the one that he's
back there, and he's watching it as quick as possible.
Right when the goal happens, he's trying to get to
the other cameras, and he knows,
alright, this is on me. In the end,
I'm making this decision. Buddy, if you give
them a power play already up 1-0,
look at they've been clicking like madmen on that power play.
Yeah, so the time they gave them,
I definitely think that is a little bit of just kind of respect.
Whereas if I'm called out, I'm pissed off.
Like why are they getting a minute 40 to figure this out?
You need to decide.
But I was very shocked.
The linesman was standing in the wrong spot.
You got to be, I mean, I'm not a ref,
but I feel like you got to be right along the line, at least closer.
He was almost behind  I think it was Byram, right?
So it was like the fact that he wasn't there to call it,
and then we saw there was space behind it.
It was offsides.
People are still saying it wasn't.
I think you had enough proof,
seeing a little bit of the white behind the blue line,
that it was offsides.
I didn't think it was conclusive based on the angles that we saw.
And going back to that, as a linesman, I would always  I didn't think it was conclusive based on the angles that we saw. And going back to that, as a linesman, I didn't think it was conclusive.
I didn't see the right angle where I could have said, yes, 100 that that's over the line.
Now, some people might tell me I'm fucking crazy.
That's nor here nor there.
Going back to the official side of it, as a linesman, I personally let it play out.
Because you can always go back to video. You never want to blow down
a play that in fact
wasn't. And that's why I like
the fact that they can always rely on the video
review. But hey, that was close.
I mean, that was a fucking cunt hair.
Yeah, CCH.
So, and the Vasilevsky
comments I was making, for anyone
all the Tampa fans who've watched them
in this run these three years,
for anyone watching all these playoff games,
you, I would think, can agree with me that he gets in these modes,
and like I said, you saw it in the second half of the game.
He doesn't even, this sounds stupid, he doesn't even really have to make the save.
They just, everything hits him.
And he's in perfect position.
He goes down, it hits his shoulder, hits his pad.
The two saves he made on Confer tonight were so incredible.
Those were why he is the best.
Because he's able to make this 10-bell ridiculous split save twice.
It was like the same exact save with the toe of his right skate.
But the rest of the time, he's just sitting there in perfect position.
Everything just hits him.
No rebounds.
And if he gets going like that, which Shorzy reminded me,
he sucked in the first two games against the Rangers too,
and they win the next one, it's panic time for Colorado.
The issue now is Kucherov at the end of the game possibly being injured.
Big time.
But I think we've got to go back to last game
and the fact that Cooper did not pull Vasilevsky.
That was one of the major, major topics.
So let's stick on that.
I sent out a tweet after the game before I'd listened to John Cooper's
press conference and my theory was that
Vasilevsky
wants to get as much information off
shooters that he isn't used to seeing.
They only played twice in the regular season.
He got peppered in
game one and then obviously in game
two things were going how they were going.
At least give him the extra period and maybe five minutes left in the second to understand and adjust to
where the high end scoring chances are coming from and or he's a russian snap show and i don't think
cooper's ever even fucking pulled the guy in playoffs didn't you say you heard something in
the in the press conference yeah g and i talked about this he just said he knows he doesn't like
to be pulled he likes to battle through it.
But I think a lot of the media is saying, oh, he should have pulled him for rest.
He's one of, if not the best coach in the NHL.
You don't think he knows what this guy who's led him to all these Stanley Cups wants to do?
He obviously knows he wants to stay in the game.
You know what I mean?
I think that a lot of people have said, too, he's one of the best.
His biggest strength as a coach is how he manages his players
and stuff like that.
So he knew he wanted to stay.
He knows different egos, different attitudes.
Yeah, so people saying, like, oh, he should have pulled him for rest.
You think he would have had his family killed if he would have pulled him?
No, he's just right back.
He's playing for Spartak Moscow next year.
He had a KHL contract.
No, but I mean, you know what I mean?
Like, that's his strength.
So I think that everyone, I think he knew he wanted to stay in, fight through it, didn't
care what the score was.
And then you saw how he played tonight.
So, I mean, I think that, obviously, I'm happy it's going to be a good series, but that's
scary if you're an Avs fan.
I think Merle said, what did you say about, he loves the Avs.
He's been on the Avs the entire time.
Well, I played four exhibitions.
Yeah, you're the real number 29. You're the Avs. He's been on the Avs the entire time. I played four exhibitions. Yeah, you're the real number 29.
You're the real one.
But he did say, even he said, as the game was winding down,
so yeah, the Lightning do look pretty good.
He's already putting the thing, what is the word?
He's putting the idea out there that he's going to bet him game four.
Well, he took his jersey off.
He had a Merle jersey on.
I can't spit out a sentence.
The guy had his Swedish shirt on.
It was an EBR shirt.
It was an EBR shirt.
Yeah, just trying to promote the merch.
He gets it.
He gets it.
So Merle's already realizes that, I don't know.
Yeah, we're in a series now.
When Tampa figures it out and looks that way.
Now, the Kucherov injury.
We can go back because they got the power play.
They're up 6-2, and we see that the top unit's out there.
It's the Perry, Kucherov, Hedman's up top with, is it Pallad as well, and Stammer?
And I kind of said, or I don't know which one of us said,
like, all right, well, should you have them out there?
And right away we were told by RA that when it was 6-0 in Denver,
they had their number one unit out there looking to get the seventh.
That shows right then, you see something like that, if you get the chance, you're going to do the exact same thing.
Shorzy said, well, why wouldn't you have him out there anyways?
Because you could get injured at any time.
You're more likely to get injured on a 5-on-5 play than 5-on-4.
But to see him actually go down, you're just immediately kind of thinking, what is he doing out there?
But it's also us questioning the best coach in the game right now yeah but that's why we have a podcast we do that
to question the real professionals but then he did get hurt on that and then they called another
penalty and they put him back out again they still didn't learn their lesson and then well that's
when he really pulled it on the one timer on the five yeah that's when he like really noticed he
was hurt going back to real game play.
What do you think of it?
I mean, I think it's easy to say because he got hurt, but like I said,
I think his chances of getting hurt on a five-on-five shift are greater.
So what are you going to do, just not play him the rest of the game?
No, you're going to sit him on the bench.
Shut the fuck down!
And Colorado's up 6-2, so why would they put their number one unit out?
And they did.
You're not going to get four in the last five minutes or whatever it was.
Yeah, let Drew Shore play this couple minutes.
I'm like, I'm all for that.
Give me some people to talk to.
The original 29 on the apps.
Give them, Merle can get a point and get sent down.
I'll fight him.
Merle's had seven points in two exhibition games,
still got sent down first.
What did you guys make of Frasso's play in relief for Darcy Kemper?
I imagine they go back to Kemper.
So completely different relationship where it's more of like
just give them the mental rest, get them out of there,
hit the reset button.
There's no way they're going to Fransos, right?
No, I think you have to go back to your starter.
Because I think if you don't, I don't know what they'll do,
and I'm not a goalie expert by any means,
but I think if you don't, it sends a message of
we don't have a starter.
That's my opinion.
And Kemper won the first two games.
a message of we don't have a starter.
That's my opinion. And Kemper won the first two games.
It's tough to...
But he has a short leash in game
four, I bet. Because some of
the goals he led in tonight were brutal.
They were not very good, Ari.
Tampa Bay needs to stop committing penalties. Colorado
5-11 on the power play so far.
2-2 tonight. They only got the two goals on the power play.
Also, shout out to Corey Perry.
First player ever to score a goal for four different teams in the Stanley Cup final.
And the third period, relatively boring until the end,
until we got Ross Colton versus Logan O'Connor.
That was a pretty damn good scrap for a couple guys
who might not have been expecting a scrap from him as well.
Chuck and Bombs.
It looked like they didn't even know at the beginning if they were going to go.
Maybe Colton did it, and then he got hit with a couple,
but then came back with a hard right.
That was a good fight.
You mentioned something about Colorado's power play
and the fact that if they stay over 30,
they'd be of only one of two teams to ever do that in the Stanley Cup.
If they stay over 30 of the players,
one of four teams to have a PP percentage over 30 for an entire playoff.
So I think minimum 15 games.
So that just alludes to stay out of the fucking penalty box.
Absolutely. Another one, did you see that Stammer was at, so far, season and playoffs? So I think minimum 15 games. So that just alludes to stay out of the fucking penalty box.
Absolutely.
Another one, did you see that Stammer was at, so far, season and playoffs,
he's had 24 one-timer goals?
Yeah.
Just getting fed on that off wing.
I mean, he has not lost a step when it comes to that shot.
Kids at home, you're listening.
One-timers, practice your one-timer.
Any chance you get one-timer, even the Nakushin goal,
doesn't have to be hard, but it's a one-timer.
The guys can't get ready to get their stick on puck.
They can't block it.
The goalie can't get set.
All you junior kids, I know you're listening.
Fucking Don.
That's the Don Cherry advice of the podcast.
Also, teams with a 2-0 lead when starting at home,
925 winning percentage in Stanley Cup history, but in teams that take a 2-1 lead, win roughly 70 of the time.
So the number's still in Colorado's favor,
but obviously a lot of park to go and pivotal game full.
We've got next on tap Wednesday night.
Yeah, I can't really point anybody out for Colorado who played horrible
other than the fact there was just a few breakdowns and a few soft goals.
I mean, they'll get right back at it.
McCartney was still doing his thing out there.
McKinnon a little quiet.
He's been a little quiet. He's been a little quiet.
For him, he's a guy that should be quiet.
So he's got to come back and have a statement game now.
So a couple things that we talked about as well.
Braden Point, it seems like maybe Tampa's just dangling the carrot on him
or with him, excuse me.
I took it as if he's not playing tonight,
he might have tried to come back for this series and he just doesn't have it whereas he might not see him again possibly
whereas cadre it's like ah we're up to nothing right now he's been skating four or five days
in a row somebody said let's say let's see if we could get the job done without him in game three
do you think he's coming back game four i i think from what we heard pre-series that he could play in the series,
it looked like, and he'd be in the middle of the series,
and you lose game three, you get the day off.
It's like I think we do see him.
Only because he's been skating, right?
If he skated once or twice and we didn't see him again, it's one thing.
But it seems like he's out there.
The only thing being, like, he had thumb surgery, right?
Or is it hand surgery, whatever it is?
Yeah, it was thumb surgery. That's why i don't know because that's hard thumb surgery he's skating every day
to stay in shape even if there's zero percent even if there's five percent chance or to send
the mind torpedo back to tampa for the point torpedo right so i have no idea but i just think
that coming off that surgery for him to play would be pretty impressive.
Well, and Carl Gliano, he had the injury, and he's in the mix the whole game.
He was in the middle of Sergachev, Maroon.
So you could tell that that's what I meant.
Not only was it the power play being out at the end of the game for Tampa,
there was hatred throughout the game.
It felt like the series really began because there was some serious scrums, the fight, like we mentioned,
a lot of shit talk. I think there was carryover from the fact they were pouring it on and still
scoring power play goals with the top unit at the end of that game too there was pileups at the end
of that game and that's when the hate started brewing a lot and that's all the motivated tampa
needed it was another slugfest at the end of the game and even in the first period you saw stamkos
and makar bump into each other, and you saw Stammer
try to give him the cold shoulder. There is
some bad fucking blood out there, and it's just
that the fact that you have two teams who want it that
bad, I think Game 4 is going to be
fucking nuts. I think that we are just getting started.
I think Game 4 is going to be sick, and
I mean, whether it be Stamkos,
a guy like Zach Bogosian,
Ryan McDonough, all these veteran leaders who
have been through so much with Tampa.
I would be surprised if one of them wasn't saying before tonight, like, they fucking embarrassed us.
Like, how proud of a team are we?
Like, we're coming back home.
Like, we just got, this doesn't happen to us.
And then you saw tonight, it was a wagon fest.
And one of the dirtier plays and probably what got everything ignited was Corey Perry.
Oh, yeah, sitting on confer?
He was sitting on confer a little bit long, and then on his way up,
he made sure he put all the pressure on his ankle and then pushed up and got off his ankle.
Avs fans were losing their fucking minds on social media.
Hey, maybe that's Corey Perry's response for the fact that a bar downtown Denver
used a Tampa Bay Lightning jersey as a doormat at the door.
Yeah, wipe your feet, right?
Wipe your feet.
Now, that is
That's a dirtbag.
You don't want to be giving that team any Bolton board material.
That's Shorzy City, the piece of shit.
What kind of bar is that down there?
I mean, I don't think Corey Perry's looking at what bars in Denver are putting on.
No shit, dude.
I'm fucking segwaying it like a pro, bro.
Learn it for your fucking podcast.
But I will say I think that I'm just so happy because, like,
if it would have been 3-0, I think the Avs honestly take game five.
I'm just so happy.
Oh, me too.
We got a series.
As a fan that we have a series.
We have a great series.
The ending of it, like I said, obviously was good.
These teams obviously hate each other.
So I'm just happy.
I'm flying home for game five, and I have other friends coming to Game 5.
People were texting me after Game 2, like,
is there even going to be a Game 5? I'm just excited
we have a good series. By the way, I didn't mention
I had no idea
there was the two days between Game 1
and 2. I planned my whole Friday for the game
7.30. I go to turn
and ABC. I'm like, wait, no game.
I had tickets to Saturday
at the Open. I said, oh no, I'm going gonna be wrecked when this game starts send out two fucking texts and
you got it fixed pray for wet i changed the game time did you actually think that i thought that
cory perry was looking at fucking social media watching that nonsense that you're pulling off
in your dirt bag i don't know i mean you said he seemed pretty concerned about it so i don't know
there could be a lot of listeners i thought this was serious i know know. That's what I mean. I had to set him straight.
Thank you for clearing the air. Alright, gang, we're down in New York City,
which is like a sauna in the summertime, Biz.
We know that. So we like to cool down with some of that
five times distilled vodka infused
with fresh pink lemonade flavor. You know, what's
it called, Merle's? Pink Whitney. Pink Whitney.
Pink Whitney. So grab some at your local
liquor store or belly up to your favorite bar.
Take it as a chilled shot, or the way I like
it, with some club soda.
Either way, enjoy some of that fine Pink Whitney.
And I'm doing a Pink Whitney Canadian tour starting in August.
I'm going to be hitting up some towns, but we're not going to say what towns just quite yet, Mr. Shore.
But stay tuned.
And, of course, on the social media, mainly Instagram.
Grinnelli, tell them what they're doing every Wednesday all summer long.
Every Wednesday, we're giving away these merch packages,
these prize packages.
All you have to do is follow the Pink Whitney Instagram,
comment on the post.
And you could win a Pink Whitney package.
Do you need anybody to carry your suitcase on that Pink Whitney tour?
Merle's is going to take another plane, train, and automobile.
Merle's is going to put the sunscreen on you like the end of Dumb and Dumber.
Yeah, I'll pay for your divorce papers, buddy.
I'll pay for your attorney.
Another time.
Hard call, Saul.
We were talking about Valerie Nachushkin.
He's got, let's see.
What a player.
13 points in 17 games.
Had an outstanding season.
Two and a half million he's making this year, last year of his deal.
What kind of raises is he looking at?
So he's a piece.
He's not a major piece.
You can't give a guy like that like a 7x7.
That's some G.
I think
If he has a good agent.
Coyotes.
7x10.
7x10.
I think he's the type of guy who would probably stick around for a 5x5.
I don't think you're going to be able to keep Kadri.
Somebody mentioned that when we were doing the stream.
I think it was Mr. Granelli, obviously.
But I think he's about,
he's like a five times five.
He's a great, great
middle six guy.
He's fast as shit.
So when was the year
he didn't score?
Everybody's talking
about the year
he didn't score.
That's crazy though.
18-19, zero goals
in 58 games.
But then he started off
the next year
not scoring in like
20 goals either.
He didn't want to be there.
I know, but that could kind of ruin
not ruin a guy's career.
He'll go back to KHL.
He didn't give a fuck.
When you skate as well as he does though,
that's the thing.
He's enormous, he's got skill,
and he flies.
He's going to get a chance.
Now that he was able to do this,
I think he had over 50 points this year.
Right, Murr? Yeah, he had 25
goals in 62 games.
52 points. I mean, so yeah, that's looking
27 years old.
I wonder if you would take 5 times 5.
Could Colorado afford that? They want to keep him
though. Why wouldn't you? But it's crazy
a 25 goal scorer win a full season
without scoring. Yeah, exactly.
I was just going to ask,
how do you do that?
You completely shut it down.
Russians can do that.
You make borscht
and you sit around
and you eat it
and you watch Russian TV shows.
You go full Kostitsyn.
That's what you do.
You go full Kostitsyn.
And now that game two,
Cale McCall,
the first,
well, just the second
defenseman ever to score
a shorty and a power play
goal in a Stanley Cup game.
Glenn Wesley did it
back in 88
and that suspended game. He also beat Rob Blake's record for most goals by a Colorado, well, second defenseman ever to score a shorty and a power play goal in a Stanley Cup game. Glenn Wesley did it back in 88, and that suspended game.
He also beat Rob Blake's record for most goals by a Colorado franchise defenseman in a postseason.
Also, this is an interesting stat.
No team has ever won the Cup after trailing 2-0 in the semis and in the Stanley Cup final.
Oh, I don't like that as a Lightning guy.
Yeah.
Because that's going to be, if any team could do it, I guess it'd be them.
But that does show, to win four out of five against teams
once you get this high into the playoffs or this long into the playoffs,
that's a grind.
If they can do it again, I mean, I can't imagine the heartbreak for Avs fans
if they lose four of the next five.
But it could be one of those winner of game four wins the series type things.
Remember we said that with the Rangers and the Lightning.
Because if Vazzy gets going, that's the panic.
Hey, Charles Barkley, very good luck for the Lightning.
One for one in the building.
I guess he text Gary Bettman in the afternoon for tickets,
and Gary hooked him up.
So unfortunately that goes into players' escrow,
so we're right back to 20.
And with you fucking agents being paid. What do guys pull at home?
Agents?
Yeah.
Well, it just depends on the level of service
that players get.
Do they have to pay for the producer of your podcast?
They just got bumped up a percent?
They should be, yeah.
Also, one other thing.
The Avs started off this playoffs 14-2.
All of the four teams to start off with that record
went on to win the Cup.
81 Isles, 87 in, 88 Oilers, and the 2012 Kings were the four teams to start off with that record went on to win the Cup. 81 Isles, 87 and
88 Oilers and the 2012 Kings were the
last team to do it. 88 Oilers went
16-2 in the playoffs. That's the best the team's
ever done. Game 1, it was a pretty
decent game. Actually, a real good game.
Tampa Bay was down 3-1, tied up, went to
OT. Do you guys, I don't know if you have any thoughts you want to share?
I was surprised at the call
to put them up 5-3.
I thought that was awful. It was Sorelli on McCarr. And up five on three. Oh, poor shit.
I thought that was awful.
It was Sorelli on McCarr.
Yeah.
And he swung his stick around.
Hit his shin pad.
That was at the trip at the blue line?
Yeah, well, they're already up a man.
Tampa's already on the PK.
Yeah, I guess if you looked at it quick, it looked like he could have flung his stick and it tripped him, but it didn't at all.
He hit his shin pad and he kind of stepped on his own feet a little bit. Or did he step on
Sorelli's feet? Either way, you saw
by the replay that he didn't
deserve two minutes there when you're already on the PK.
And of course the Avs scored
on that ensuing 5-on-3.
He went crazy. I don't think I've seen Coop lose it
that much ever. I don't think
I've ever seen him snap that hard. He popped
a blood vessel
on his forehead.
Some people get mad at this.
They're like, the game should be called the game.
But I'm still kind of like, I don't know what the word would be,
like old school.
If you're shorthanded in the playoffs,
you should have to literally two-hand someone.
Chop a guy's head off.
So obvious.
So obvious.
So I think that should have just been, you know what I mean?
Prisoner.
There's other people who are...
Yeah, exactly.
Other people are like, oh, it's a penalty.
Like, yeah, sure, in the regular season, if it's five on five, sure, call it.
But I don't think...
Even in the finals.
Yeah, I don't like it.
I hear you.
What an amazing comeback for Tampa in that first game.
Because, I mean, Vasilevsky let in two weak ones early.
And then he kind of settled in a little bit.
And then all of a sudden they were able to get going.
But the other interesting part of the game was Maroon got the penalty
for flicking the puck over the glass.
He came out of the box.
He almost scored.
He had a great chance to score there.
I mean, if Tampa were to happen to get game one,
it's just such a different story.
I mean, the fact that game two went the way it did,
I never saw that coming because of how good Tampa was in the second half of Game 1.
I didn't think they'd come out and lay that egg.
I thought Vazzy was in the mode that I now believe he's in,
so maybe I shouldn't be that confident before Game 4.
Sicko mode?
Sicko mode.
What a track.
Let's see.
Game 1 averaged 4.2 million viewers, even without you on the TV.
It jumped from 161 from last year.
No way.
Yeah, the numbers were fantastic.
It was on ABC, too, right?
Yeah, absolutely.
So, I mean, you've got that, the ratings of you and TNT.
I mean, people are watching hockey more than they were last year.
I know we bitched about all the streaming and ESPN Plus issues,
but it's nice to see these ratings come in.
It's nice to see people watching what's going on.
Yeah, I think that, like, America has taken liking to dynasties and probably from...
I think America hates... I don't know.
I think it's interesting, but you end up hating the team that wins that much.
I think they end up either becoming obsessed with the team who is winning the dynasty
and putting on the show, or being obsessed with watching them being taken down.
I mean, I think you saw it with the Golden State Warriors.
I mean, how many people were probably rooting for Boston for that reason?
So I don't really know where I was going with that.
But it's like, are you rooting for history?
Or are you rooting, like, just, you know?
Yeah, all the ratings.
Well, Michael Jordan played.
I mean, I remember rooting against the Bulls the second.
It's like, you just get sick.
I mean, as good as he is, you just want to see a new champion out there.
And I think that, like, you genuinely have two teams that are very exciting to watch.
Like Colorado, from just being a fan of sport,
you could tell they have special players and they move a certain way
where you're like, oh my God, something's usually happening.
It's not watching the fucking Dallas Stars in the finals
or the Montreal Canadiens where it's just like, oh my God, what the fuck is this?
What do you think is better for the league? Like, a
team that you can talk about 30 years from now
being like, oh my god, we saw this dynasty,
the Lightning, or thinking about right now
and it's like, we need a new champion. I think the league
would like the Avs to win this.
I think it would be, it would have been
disappointed to see the Avs sweep
Tampa. I want to see a team
have to bring the champs that, I mean,
listen, Tampa wins next game.
It's like they put up a fight in what they've been able to accomplish.
They beat a fucking hell of a Toronto team.
Toronto took them to the brink.
Then they end up fucking sweeping the President's Trophy.
Oh, the cats are a joke.
I mean, most of us even forget about that fucking series.
And then look what they did last year is by coming back down 2-0.
You thought they would have been the tired team in the last four games.
It was fucking New York.
Like, this is like, we're witnessing, like, that's major history for, like, nowadays standards.
Insane.
Yeah, I mean, it's so funny how the narrative changed.
Like, after game two, people are like, oh, they're so tired.
No, we've so done.
We're working on shirt designs.
For Colorado.
He had his shirt on. You know what I mean? So it's like they were so tired, they're done. And now it He had his reassured idea of the broom on it.
So it's like they were so tired, they're done, and now it's like, well, they're the champs.
Of course they weren't going to get swept.
Now they're back.
We have a series.
Yeah, let's go.
Oh, yeah, I'm pushing all.
I mean, we got this fucking guy taking his jersey off.
Yeah, exactly.
I'm here to make money.
I need diaper money.
Well, regardless of who wins the Stanley Cup, we'll not be making any trips to Russia or Belarus, like traditionally.
Bill Daly said, we made both clubs aware already
with respect to this summer. The Cup is not
going to Russia or Belarus.
Who's a Belarusian? We may owe a Cup
trip in the future, just like
we did with the pandemic, but it's not happening this
summer. Honestly, I'm
not even sure who it is. The Trushkin's got to be Russian.
The Trushkin's Russian.
The Trushkin's Russian, and then the three Russians from...
Vasilevsky, Vasilevsky, Verkhovsky.
No, he's Swedish.
Guys might have been born when they were still Russian.
We're all over the place right now.
We're just yelling into the mic, all of us.
I don't know who's Belarusian.
There's no Belarusians.
Want me to tell you the Russians?
I mean, they...
Vasilevsky, Kucherov, Sergachev.
But were they born, like, remember,
was still the CCCP or USSR maybe back then,
so now they're considered Belarusian, you know what I'm saying?
They could be a Belarusian.
No idea.
I don't figure you did.
But either way, Biz, you know what?
Summer days are long, so don't spend it having short sex.
Roman swipes are the secret to longer-lasting sex.
Roman swipes are uniquely formulated to reduce overstimulation
without eliminating sensation altogether.
Trust me, folks, these things work.
So I heard.
The more consistent you are with the swipes, folks, these things work. So I heard.
The more consistent you are with the swipes,
the longer and better your sex will be.
Studies show that on average,
after one month of using swipes,
men last three minutes,
and after the second month, five and a half minutes.
Might not sound like a lot, but it is if it's you.
That's a 340 increase, guys.
So the swipes are super easy to use. You take out the swipe, apply it,
let it dry for five minutes,
and you enjoy longer-lasting sex.
Go to GetRoman.com slash checklets to get your first month of swipes
for just 5 when you choose a monthly plan.
Biz, have you ever heard of any trophy detours like this,
like not allowing a trophy to go somewhere?
And if you were a commissioner, what kind of places would you buy a trophy from?
Not countries, just like, I don't know, anything in general?
Well, I mean, a lot of these other trophies
from other leagues suck. If you've got to
be able to drink out of it, that's the dumbest thing
ever to have one of them. I mean, the MLB one
is a fucking sideshow joke. MLB one,
that's why Costanza was dragging around the
parking lot in Seinfeld. That fucking
trophy stinks with all the flags.
The cup is just
dummies everything. You even saw that idiot
LeBron. I think there was a clip of him seen it the other day.
You could tell he was even blown away at the size of it.
I think that having the trophy for a day in the NHL is one of the coolest things about winning the Stanley Cup.
Does anyone else even do that?
Would they even want to because of the shape of the other ones?
Some of these golfers, actually, the U.S. Open trophy was pretty legit.
The claret jug's a great one for the British Open.
And I think you probably get to keep that for a year.
But no, I mean, other than maybe the decision they just made, I mean, I can understand why
it's not going there.
But no, I don't have anything going on in any other country.
Putin would steal the thing right now.
I mean, given with the live golf situation, I guess I'd have to say, what, Dubai?
Where are they from? Saudi Arabia. Oh, Saudi Arabia. That's Saudi. Sorry. That's where the live golf situation, I guess I'd have to say, what, Dubai? Where are they from?
Saudi Arabia.
That's Saudi.
That's where the hookers go, Dubai.
Get confused there.
That's where the Instagram thoughts go to really get paid the bag.
To suck on the weans.
You don't know if I can roll tonight, buddy.
To suck on the weans.
They got the snake music going.
Aladdin. Aladdin getting blown
How's that King Cobra
Alright we got a little more coaching
Carousel biz
Oh my god this coaching
We should have our own fucking seminar
Why is Trotz not work?
Is he really going to Winnipeg?
I think he's taking a year off, to be honest with you.
Is he from Winnipeg?
He's from a couple hours outside of Winnipeg.
Guys, I have an announcement.
That would be the only reason.
I have an announcement.
We've actually hired Trotz for Triplets Cup.
He's going to coach the big deal selects.
Yeah, they said he turned down upwards of 7 million from the Flyers, Trotz did.
And, of course, they mixed the letters.
A year?
Yeah.
Get the fuck out of here.
Yeah.
Crossing Broad, a well-known Flyers blog reporter, that Barry Trotz turned Philly down
at more than 7 million per year before the team moved on to Torts.
They went from Trotz to Torts.
And they brought in Torts.
And our buddy Weeks, he said his deal, Tortorella's, is in the neighborhood of four years times
4 million. He gave his press conference.s, he said his deal, Tortorella's, is in the neighborhood of four years times 4 million.
He gave his press conference.
Obviously, he's there to change the culture.
He wants the team to be hard.
He wants them to get some skin biz.
Hard.
Hard, hard.
Wicked hard.
And Dubinsky tweeted, pray for the Flyers players.
Yeah, there's been a lot of people trying.
I mean, nobody's shy about saying that the training camps are ridiculous.
Although, I think that they've probably been toned back since his early days.
Yeah, there was probably hospital visits for players.
He was borderline KHL at one point.
North American-wise, I don't think many people have seen anything like it from an NHL standard.
And that's probably why after the 0-4 lockout, remember that rule kicked in where you couldn't be at the rink longer than three hours?
Yes, three-hour rule. But it was never legit. It wasn't for guys like us. lockout that, remember that rule kicked in where you couldn't be at the rink longer than three hours?
It was never legit.
It wasn't for guys like us.
Mario would be like, yeah, I'm done.
But I'll keep shooting pucks.
Imagine saying Terry and I got
three hours. I think we did try to say that
to him one time.
Between Vigneault and
Trotz, if that is the case, they'd
be paying coaches 12 million
because Vigneault's making 5 million, I think
this year, maybe one more
after this. He signed a 5x5. I thought it was 5x5,
yeah. So they were offering Trotz
7 million. Listen, guys, I think Trotz
is an exceptional coach, and I think that he's the
type of guy who can change a culture around.
Torts or Trotz?
Or both? I was saying Trotz as far as the fact that he's offered 7 million.
I think it's fucking ludicrous to offer an NHL coach,
given that most teams are playing the same systems,
most teams are making the same adjustments,
and I'd say half the coaches in the league understand
where and when they need to make the adjustments.
Right? Am I going crazier?
It's all about the personnel that you have.
Yeah, but if you're willing to spend money and you have all this money
and these flyers, they want to be good quick,
you've got to go after the best coach in the market.
And this guy, I mean, like he won Washington in the Cup.
They could never do it.
They did it.
He didn't win in the Cup, but he was there when it happened.
And then he goes to the Islanders, and this team who'd been
shit for quite some time
turns into the best defensive team in hockey.
So for the Flyers to have all this dough...
They have a pretty good team. They have a pretty good team
with a lot of good players. Yeah, and it's like, alright, we need
to win. And so
what do they care if it's 4 million
or 7 million, really?
It's Comcast money, too. It's Comcast money.
Everyone's paying 900 a month to have Comcast.
My Comcast bill is through the roof.
I don't even understand.
It's all movies, I guess, I'm ordering.
Moana.
Yeah, Moana for the 9,000th time.
What a movie, though.
Maui, the demigod.
I've seen that one.
Oh, Encanto.
Yeah, that's a real good one.
Those Pixar movies are a crack.
No, but during COVID, too, you couldn't even buy them.
You just had to rent them.
It was like nothing was going on.
COVID, 25 every night.
Oh, Cars.
I've watched Cars about 4,000 times.
That's why The Rock's a billionaire, because you're paying fucking 25 a night for his Pixar movie.
Sometimes that's worth every dollar for a little peace and quiet at the house.
I'll just shut her up.
No, just a little peace and quiet.
Yeah, just to relax for a minute.
So, Witt, Flyers had the fourth worst record last year.
They allowed 3.59 goals per game, which is the sixth worst,
and 34 shots per game, which is the fourth worst.
What kind of turnaround should Flyers fans expect with sorts?
Well, it also depends on what happens this summer with free agency
because also you need Ellis back.
So if Ellis could come back, that was a big part of what they thought
their team was going to look like.
And he never got to play.
So that along with if he can sign some people.
Now, Johnny Goudreau has been kind of linked to there,
being from around the area.
Kevin Hayes and him are so close.
I don't know.
Torts has a reputation of being hard to play for.
Sutter, though.
Yeah, but Johnny didn't choose his one time as a UFA to sign for Sutter.
So I don't know.
Maybe he believes in the team and doesn't really care that Torts might be hard on him
and he wants to sign there.
But the Flyers, they'll be better, I think.
But it's hard for me to say before they go out and spend this dough they have available.
True that.
They did sign a new goalie from the KHL, Fedotov.
He's 6'7", 6'8".
He was the CSK goalie, won the championship.
He was their Olympic goalie.
So he's going to give your boy...
Cut a hat.
Cut a hat.
Yeah, they need some help.
So you're talking about their goals against.
They are bringing in some help there.
So the one knock on Carter Hart and his numbers are the fact that Flyers
didn't really have good structure and they would give up a lot of high
quality scoring chances and, you know, he got lit up as a result of it.
Well, if there's one thing Torts is going to fix,
it's going to fix the goals against average.
He's going to fine-tune that team to make them a defensive juggernaut
and they're going to bore teams to death,
but they're not going to get fucking lit up like they were the last couple years.
So we're going to find out what that kid's made of,
and then you're saying this other guy might come and just take the job.
Yeah, you know, Torch, he's going to have everybody blocking the shots and stuff,
but this kid's a giant, this rushing guy.
Interesting.
Carter Hart's a stud.
Okay, Wasserman, Wasserman, Wasserman.
Sorry, sorry.
I personally think that you could put any goal...
Like, they had a rough year.
I think, like, he said...
Didn't he turn down six times six?
This is a typical fucking agent here.
No, I'm just saying they were a very bad defensive team.
So I think a lot of you can see around the league,
goalies is the team that you have in front of you.
Yeah, it's tough to be...
You know what I mean?
I think with Torts, obviously, as a guy who preaches defensive style,
but guys blocking shots like that, I think he would be a guy,
if I was a goalie, like I said, I know nothing about the position,
I would like to have because I think he's going to get guys to buy in defensively.
And it's hard for me to believe that he's not going to be a very good goalie
after what you saw at such a young age.
It's like, yeah, maybe it's been a little bit of struggle.
The team hasn't been great.
But he showed glimpses of, oh, my God, this kid's that young and he's this good.
It's hard to imagine that it won't come together.
You've got to remember, he's not 26 years old.
He's still so young.
So James Reimer, who I was with in Carolina, wasn't playing a lot when I was there last year.
Always smiling.
Always smiling, but very smart guy.
I asked him, I'm like,
hey, what is about this kid?
He said his natural ability is as good as
anyone in the NHL, but like you said, he's a young
kid who has to figure it out, and if he can,
he'll be as good as anyone, but
there's a long way to go. How's the work ethic?
I mean, I don't know him personally, but
I'm sure... I remember hearing stuff, he's
like a Crosby. He's nuts at his
workouts. Hyper-focused? Yeah, he's into it. The Russian kid comes over, it's a good little remember hearing stuff. He's like a Crosby. He's nuts at his workouts. Hyper-focused.
Yeah, he's into it.
So the Russian kid comes over.
It's a good little duo.
Everybody has a duo now.
Other coaching news.
Did we talk about Cassidy?
Great question, Whit. We'll get to that in a sec.
Biz, I know you had some final thoughts on torts, not trots.
I mean, the obvious here, but it's better when torts is in the league coaching.
The sound bites, the post-game pressers.
We now have an East Coast guy,
Torts, and then a West Coast guy
in Sutter just giving you hit after hit
post-game. So it's great. I'm
looking forward to seeing if they can turn it around.
I believe that they will
sneak into the playoffs next year. That's my
early hot take prediction
on what Torts is able to do to turn that team around.
Because this guy is telling me the cat of hats
come to play. Yeah, I mean, the games I watched last year, he wasn't the issue. Like you were saying Because this guy is telling me that kind of hat's coming to play.
Yeah, I mean, the games I watched last year, he wasn't the issue.
Like you were saying, it was the Team D.
He was getting hung out to dry.
I mean, he had some off nights, but I wouldn't say he was the problem by any stretch with that team last year.
You know, everyone thought they were going to the playoffs last year.
They got some good pieces in place.
Kutz will be back healthy.
Witt mentioned Dallas.
So I wouldn't be surprised if they get back in the playoffs
with Torts cracking the whip there.
Wait, do you think that Johnny Goudreau now does not sign for the Flyers
because of that?
I don't even know because I had no clue if he definitely was going to
before all this.
I wouldn't even be able to say if I think he's going to.
Okay.
I have no idea where he's going.
What about you?
I mean, I think a lot of people put it out of context.
Like, if I'm a free agent and I'm a UFA,
and the money is all relatively the same and I've never got
to play for the Colorado Avalanche like I'm
signing with the Avs no matter what
you're looking in terms of how good
the team no just like the hometown team
yeah so I think I don't you know what I mean
I know Johnny a little bit have no idea
what he's doing or whatever but I think that
there's also you know what I mean the off
ice stuff that I think that he'd love to
maybe like play where he where his phone yeah I would have loved I would have loved to you know what I mean, the off-ice stuff that I think that... He'd love to maybe, like, play where he's from.
Yeah, I would have loved to.
You know what I mean?
He's going to make so much money.
What's Torts going to do to him?
He'll be like, beat it, Torts.
Yeah, you only got a four-year, buddy.
I'm sticking around.
I make the decisions here, bitch.
He's on eight or seven, yeah.
I'm the captain now.
Actually, you know what?
We're not doing your fucking meetings 10 minutes early as 10 minutes late.
Fuck you, bitch.
Suck on that.
Yeah, after being out of work for a whole week
after the Bruins fired him,
the highly sought-after Bruce Cassidy
was signed as head coach of the Vegas Golden Knights.
Per Weeksy, his deal was in the neighborhood
of five years times four and a half million.
Cassidy said, quote,
hockey-wise, it was a no-brainer.
And he joked, I just get tired of being out of work
after being out for a whole week.
Given that this is Vegas' third coach in six seasons,
what's the over-under on his time there?
I mean, two and a half years?
You can't, yeah, I mean, if he were to miss the playoffs, who knows?
It's like, I think that the expectation that we've been over this a million times
is so high, but this hire actually made sense to me.
I mean, I think that he's proven that he can get a team,
at least to the cup final. He's been in the game long mean, I think that he's proven that he can get a team, at least to the cup final.
He's been in the game long enough where I think that if you ask around,
even though there were the rumblings that a lot of Bruins players
didn't like playing for him, he wins.
And he won in Boston.
They had some good teams, but still, it's like,
when you have success the way he did,
and that shows how shocking the firing was because he got,
what was it, five days?
I mean, that's kind of hard for Bruins fans, I'm guessing.
Like, wait a minute, one of the best teams in quotes,
Vegas should have been way better than they were.
One of the best teams went out and hired the guy we just fired?
Why did we fire him?
So I don't know.
I think that he can make that team much better.
I think it's going to be different because DeBoer and him are different style coaches.
If you're going to be a guy who carries around that type of, I guess, brand of coaching,
because I think where there's smoke, there's fire.
I think he's a hard guy to play for.
And typically veterans in an older team can withstand a coach like that collectively as a group,
kind of being like, ah, fuck it, whatever.
LA did a heck of a job when they had Sutter, but when they won it both times,
they were having fucking meetings
and they were kicking them off the ice.
That's how much they didn't like him.
So I think in a situation where you're that established
and you're that much of a veteran team,
I think it's probably a benefit
to have like a hard, stern coach like that,
regardless of shelf life.
What does he care?
They're trying to win in the next two, three years.
That's their bubble right now.
And-
What was his deal, sorry? Oh, go ahead. That's their bubble right now. And what was his deal?
Sorry.
Oh, go ahead.
Oh, no.
I was just going to say like the one component to all this is like how is a new guy going to react to the goalie situation?
Like just looking back to DeBoer, like I think that he grew a little bit tired of it all.
And I think that by the time that his time was done there, his frustration was even coming out in post-game press conferences.
You could tell he wasn't really sugarcoating as much.
So how is he going to attack that?
That, to me, is the main priority because the rest of the team,
they got the good back end.
When they're healthy up front, they got a heck of an up front.
Who's going to backstop them to a Stanley Cup?
And how are you going to manage that situation?
Merles, what do you think that Cassie's going to do that DeBoer wasn't doing?
I mean, would you say that even coaching-wise is one guy better than the other?
I just heard in Vegas they were kind of too loosey out there
with the last couple coaches.
They needed somebody a little more firm, and, you know,
they didn't go as crazy as taking torts.
And I think Cassidy's a perfect mix.
And I just think that when all these things are happening so quickly,
that does mean that Trotz is off the board. That's why i'm pretty sure he's taking the year off because
vegas moved quick on them and i can lead it right into another team
he ain't very young either he's got to be one of the oldest coaches i don't know
he's gonna look that up i think he's younger than tortorella if i'm not mistaken but okay well that
hey listen 59 and and torts towards is probably a little bit older but. I think he's younger than Tortorella, if I'm not mistaken. Okay, well then, hey, listen. 59.
And Torts? Torts is probably a little bit older, but
he looks like he's a little younger. That's what coaching
does to you. Torts looks pretty good.
Torts, four years older, 63.
Yeah, so he's getting up there too.
Wow, so fucking, he's also wound up
like a kite though.
He looks good for 63.
I think Torts looks good for 63 for sure.
Alright. There's a little bit of Canadian kindness in every sip of Labatt.
Labatt Blue Light.
Spit out Blue Light.
How did it get there, Biz?
They're Canadian.
That's how.
You can spread the love of yourself by sharing a Labatt.
When you share a Labatt, you're not just sharing a beer.
You're sharing an experience that will pair with anything from hockey to a hoedown.
Not that kind of hoedown, Paul.
So next time you're watching a game with your buds,
be sure to share Labatt,
because while you might not all root for the same team,
you can all enjoy Labatt Blue Light.
Barstool is going to be working with Labatt all year.
Once again, we have some exciting content coming up,
so grab a blue light and enjoy Labatt,
the pristine Canadian pilsner.
Cheers, boys.
Share Labatt.
Cheers, boys.
Hot stoves together.
Knights of the round table. Live podcastat. Cheers. Hot stoves together. Knights of the Roundtable.
Live podcast.
All right.
Give me one.
Hot stoves.
Boys, can I make a prediction?
I think Barry Trotz goes to the Detroit Red Wings.
No way.
Wow.
I think it's a perfect situation.
You can go in, mold these young players, build up a young guy.
You think he wants to be on a, like a, yeah.
I don't think there's faraways.
If I'm him, I'm going to Florida. Oh, easy. That's where I think. So that's the situation. build up a young guy. I don't think they're as far away as...
That's where I think...
That's the situation. I think that Florida
probably wants him badly.
Is it very bad or badly?
I know they're interviewing coaches right
now. That's kind of
public knowledge at this point.
Maybe they're seeing if they can find a
better candidate than Brunette, but I guess
he's still also in the hunt for a job.
He's up for coach of the year, too.
Yeah, Frank Cervalli, our pal.
He said the Panthers have interviewed Pete DeBoer, Travis Green, Rick Tarkett,
Paul Maurice, and Barry Trotz.
Wow, that's a heavy-hitting list.
Andrew Brunette still kind of waiting in the wings here.
You've got to feel bad for him.
I mean, this guy was Jack Adams' finalist.
Now he might be out of a job.
It's crazy how much his fortunes have changed, excluding Trotz.
Who would you hire if you were the Panthers GM?
It's like watching one of those Gornos where the guy has to watch his old lady get crushed.
I saw a rumor today that they're looking at the Finnish national team coach.
And I'll give you a little tidbit.
Billy Zito used to be an agent.
Wasserman.
And he started off small, and he was big in Finland.
He was getting all these guys over to the Finnish League and bringing the Finnish guys over.
And he was assistant GM for the Finnish GM in Columbus.
A lot of Finnish stuff.
They got Barkov.
They need to do something after that display they did.
They can't have Brunette come back after that.
I don't think, with who's out there, I agree with you.
I think Paul Maurice, though, he hasn't gotten a lot of media coverage.
No, that guy, yeah.
There's a lot of good options out there.
And then if you look at even though Brunette is up for coach of the year,
that team was stacked.
And once Quenville was gone, it's an amazing year that they had.
And I'm not taking anything away from him, but he's not proven, right?
And then you saw in the second round
how they looked it's like we have a chance here
our window in Florida like Huberto
needs a new deal at one point
our window's small we need to bring in a coach
who's been there and done that
I don't know necessarily about winning a Stanley Cup but
has been around the league longer than just that
one season Brunette had
that's my opinion. Well and like during the course
of that series like sometimes coaches don't like to talk much in the media
because they don't want to reveal what type of adjustments they want to make.
But we were watching every game because we were covering that series,
and it's just like what you were hearing out of his mouth,
it's like he was shook and he was caught in the moment.
After Game 3, he really ripped them, remember?
He carved the Panthers after Game 3, called them out.
Yeah, but it might have been a little bit too late.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Too late, should have done it.
It was just like everything was off.
And even before the series, Cooper said, he goes,
I'm not maybe so much worried about the skill and all those types of things about the series.
I'm more concerned about what's between the ears.
He said that before the fucking series started.
So I felt that Coop put him in a coach's blender,
and you can't waste the window that you have with all these guys.
So I don't know, maybe you just put him back in that assistant role,
and you've got to go find a guy who knows what the heck he's doing
in a sense of experience.
What was exposed as, like, Florida's biggest weakness in that series?
Their power play didn't make one adjustment.
They kept trying to feed it through the fucking seam.
It's what they relied on all season long and it's just like it's it's also
hard too right because you're the new coach and and you don't have that experience so you can't
like maybe take guys off the power play let's be realistic huberto and barkov did not look like
themselves and he just kept going to them and they kept remember hornquist they finally put him in
and he scored he's the the one that broke the streak.
Yeah, he was out there when they scored.
And then also, the funny thing about that series and looking at Florida
is they didn't even get bad goaltending.
No, they got good goaltending.
The goaltending was what everyone worried about,
and they just got dominated special teams and then 5-on-5.
I think there's a level to playing loose and fun hockey where you're scoring six
seven goals every game where
maybe when you're getting exposed defensively
they don't stand out as much but
think about the brain farts they had.
The Uyghur one where it was just like
that's just basic fundamentals
in a game, late in the game.
Just stay in front of the net. That's just
piss poor defensive play and structure
and sometimes those things are going to catch up to you.
Shorzy, is coaching Florida the most appealing job in the league,
given very good team right now, South Florida, no taxes?
I mean, even if they're not good, it's still appealing.
I mean, I think 100.
If I was a UFA coach, that's where I'd be.
Like you said, they have a lot of pieces.
They're going to win a lot of games.
Obviously, they had a bad playoff this year,
but the sunshine and no
taxes within Jupiter.
No, yeah.
Driving an hour and a half to the practice.
I mean, I think it would be the most appealing job in the league
for sure. Absolutely. A couple
other notes here. Kevin Weeks had another scoop.
It hasn't happened yet. He said the Oilers are close
to signing Jay Woodcroft to a three-year
deal as head coach. They went 26-9-3
after he took over for Dave Tippett,
of course got to the Western Conference Finals for the first time in 16 years.
Elliott Friedman tweeted late Sunday,
excuse me, hearing Pete DeBoer will be the next head coach of the Dallas Stars.
I just checked his Twitter, nothing to update that,
but he's usually pretty good on this stuff.
Merles, I was checking out the Chicklets Instagram.
We posted this, and you said that you didn't like this move for the Dallas Stars.
Yeah, I don't understand it at all.
How many times?
I just don't get why you keep doing these same coaches.
It's not working.
Try something else.
Try a young guy.
Try something new.
I just don't get it.
Well, he's had success where he goes.
So it's like they want the quick turnaround.
But it is odd that you don't see newer names
and guys who just kind of have been maybe in different leagues or had different experiences get chances.
And I know I'm going against what I said with Brunette, but Brunette, they have a team that can maybe win a Stanley Cup.
The Stars, for instance, it's like they could have gone in so many different directions,
but DeBoer has had success on every team.
His team in New Jersey wasn't better than the LA Kings. They could have gone in so many different directions, but DeBoer has had success on every team.
His team in New Jersey wasn't better than the LA Kings.
They got to the finals with a team that probably shouldn't have even been to the finals.
And then when you look at when he got there with San Jose, they weren't better than Pittsburgh, right?
I mean, Martin Jones, he wasn't better than Flower or Matt Murray was.
They didn't have the goaltending.
I thought they had a better back end.
And they didn't have fucking Malkin and Crosby, that's for sure.
So he's brought in two teams that probably overachieved at the Stanley Cup.
I don't think it's by any means on him that they missed playoffs this year with the injuries that he had in Vegas.
I think he's a good coach.
He's won at the junior level.
I think he deserves to be in the NHL.
He's an NHL coach.
He's got a winning record every team he's
been on, I bet. So you're just saying you don't like
him for Dallas, or you don't like him
as a coach? I just don't like why
you are recycling
him. He did
Florida, New Jersey, San Jose,
Vegas, and then he's right away.
That's your first choice
this quick? I don't know.
I want to see some young guys.
I want to see maybe Lalonde from Tampa.
Not a young guy, obviously, but an assistant.
Jim Montgomery gets another shot.
Maybe Ott gets a shot.
Ryan Warsawski.
He won the Coast with Charleston.
What is their name?
South Carolina Stingrays.
Is that their name?
Yeah.
Yeah, Rob Kakan's team. And then now he's in the finals with Chicago. what is their name? South Carolina Stingrays? Is that their name?
Rob Kakan's team. And then now he's in the finals with Chicago. So that is like
that's an example of somebody. That's kind of
the way Bednar did it. Bednar did it.
I know what you're saying. You want new blood
in there for coaching. And then Chicago, there was
a rumor today from Weeksy that they hired
Yeah, I think he took it down.
He took it down. He said
the situation was very fluid.
What was the name of the fellow? I went to look for it, but he had taken the tweet down. Gee, he took it down. He said the situation was very fluid. What was the name of the fellow?
I went to look for it, but he had taken the tweet down.
Was it Mark Rust or something?
Yeah, somebody off the grid a little bit.
Husk?
Husk.
Yeah.
Husk, he got it wrong.
He tweeted the first time and got the name wrong, retweeted it again,
and then deleted that tweet again.
So I think it was Ryan Husk.
That's like me every fucking tweet with all the mistakes I make writing.
Well, speaking of old coaches and whatnot, Gary Bettman, he would not commit to allowing
Joel Quenville back into the league quite yet.
Quote, he has indicated that he would,
at the appropriate time, like to be part of the game again.
I don't think this is the time,
but we'll see what happens in the future, end quote.
I mean, what's an appropriate penance for this guy?
Yeah, more or less.
I mean, there's no, like, roadmap for this type of thing.
It's hard, because, like, you know that Bettman's
knowing that they're going to deal with blowback if it's a slap on the wrist where it's like he's gone for the this type of thing. It's hard because you know that Bettman's knowing that they're going to deal with blowback
if it's a slap on the wrist where it's like he's gone for the rest of the year.
I also don't know enough about it behind the scenes to have an opinion on it.
In my, just like what I think right off the bat, he sits out this year, I think maybe the next year.
Yeah, I think that's a few.
That's getting fired, what, 10 games into this season
and then you can't play another
you can't coach another season
and then alright, well
I mean, the reports
are tough, right? It's a very
weird situation, but can he
never coach again? That seems
a little ridiculous to me. Yeah, it would be a little extreme
considering that he didn't commit
a crime, I mean, maybe some judgment made and again again there's a lot of not to the incident itself but in
the report a lot of he said she said finger pointing from other administrative guys and
stuff so yeah i don't think he did anything worth never being able to coach in the nhl and put it
this way like if that guy was available and able to coach again he'd be hired in two seconds so i
mean it's not like no no team would ever touch him either.
Exactly.
It's like deal with
I bet you half the teams might not hire him.
Really?
Oh, I bet you fucking Dubas wouldn't hire him.
It's some billionaire owner.
He doesn't want to deal with the blowback of anything.
He's like, whatever.
There's enough other coaches.
Look how many names we just ran off.
I think a lot of billionaires want to win more than they want to deal with the pushback.
Angry tweets.
It's going to come no matter.
Yeah.
I would say maybe half the teams would stay away from just because of the social media blowback.
I think that's fair.
Yeah.
I mean, it also goes away in a day or two, this day and age.
Who wants to deal with it for the two days and not have the fucking PR person ready to fucking pull their hair out?
and not have the fucking PR person ready to fucking pull their hair out.
Do you think that there's one team that could hire him in the NHL that would lose season ticket holders if they hired him?
Because, like, literally, what would happen?
What would happen?
There'd be some angry tweet Vancouver.
Oh, yeah, they'd just burn the city down.
They'd move.
Oh, Biz, maybe Winnipeg can entice Barry Trotz to get there
because the Little Brown Jug Brewing Company
offered him free beer for life if he takes the Winnipeg job.
Free beer for life?
Merle is drooling over here.
Free beer for life if he comes and coaches the Jets.
What free thing for life would you consider
to become a coach somewhere like that?
In Winnipeg, fucking nothing.
You get free blowjobs for life.
I ain't fucking moving.
Wait a minute.
Listen, I will say
Winnipeg, undercover
some very, very beautiful women
in Winnipeg. That's what Trotz is
thinking about.
Oh yeah, honey. Can't wait to hit up
the shark club and stare at some pits.
What about you? If not Winnipeg, like some
city, you know, for its food or certain booze
like if you could get something free for life.
Is there something that would entice you to a job?
Yeah, dues at country clubs.
Golf membership.
Coach the Panthers.
Yeah, exactly.
Pay my dues every year, pay my initiation.
What about you, Merle?
Free markers out in fucking Vegas?
Free markers at the casino.
100.
Merle just wants markers.
That could be your salary.
All day.
A residency at the hospital.
You get your own custom felt made in your, like, that could be your salary. A residency at the cost of politics. You get your own custom felt made in your jersey.
There'll be no video meetings.
As soon as practice is over, I'm right to the table.
That's awesome.
Merle does his player coach meetings while at the table.
Buy in for 500.
Give me a stack.
I would say Tampa lap dances.
If I could go in every day after practice for like 10 of them, just free smell.
I like when they smell good, they spray themselves with all those ridiculous sprays.
Oh, they smell great.
Wear your NBD sweatpants you were modeling earlier.
Do strippers not have the most obnoxious smells they get these days?
Oh, it's ridiculous.
It's like walking by Abercrombie  Fitch when they were spraying that fierce all over the restaurant,
but the girl version of it.
With the music pumping.
Oh, my God.
All right. There's a documentary on Abercrombie  Fitch. I girl version of it. With the music pumping. Oh, my God. All right.
There's a documentary on Abercrombie and Ferg.
I haven't watched it.
It's awesome.
It's awesome.
It's incredible.
What, the Abercrombie one?
Yeah, it's great.
How about how they built their infrastructure off of, yeah.
Yeah, it's fucked up.
Like racism?
Yeah, legit.
Was it bad?
Yeah, I mean, it's just crazy.
Their whole business structure was just banana lands.
I was all in on Abercrombie.
What about you? Were you in Abercrombie? I had a little bit, yeah. lands. I was all in on Abercrombie. What about you?
Were you in Abercrombie?
I had a little bit, yeah.
That was my high school, Abercrombie.
And then, you know, you'd get the Aeropostale for Christmas.
You're like, oh, shit, I can't wait for this.
Yeah, if your mom hates your guts.
I was a Hollister guy.
Yeah, that came into my head.
You put Hollister and Abercrombie on the same level.
What about structure?
I know I'm dating myself.
That's what I was.
I was structure.
What was structure? I don't even know what structure That's what I was. I was structure. What was structure?
I don't even know what structure is.
It was like a cleaner, fancier.
It was like a higher level gap.
It was like gap,
maybe a level above the gap,
just like price-wise.
I mean, gap was like
generic sort of plain
and then structure
was a little bit pricey.
You get a nice silk shirt
back in the early 90s.
I feel like you'd be
a Hot Topic guy, all right?
I shopped there.
I'm a Hot Topic guy.
I used to wear the beaded chains
and shit.
Did you? Oh, boy, yeah. I was during. I'm a Hot Topic guy. I used to wear the beaded chains and shit. Did you?
Oh, boy, yeah.
I was during my JNCO phase.
Well, Merrill, I know we've been having some gambling here in the gambling cave,
and a lot of people want digital wallets nowadays.
You've got to pay those tabs.
You might want to do some shopping.
That's why you need to check out Skrill.
Skrill is the best digital wallet for gamblers because it was built for gamblers.
Sophisticated gamblers use it to manage their bankroll,
whether they're playing games like poker or betting on their favorite sports like hockey.
They manage their bankroll using the wallet, which allows them to pay instantly and securely.
It's payments without limits, basically. You can access your bankroll with instant deposits
and withdrawals and also draw the cash using your prepaid card. Let's just say Skrill is the best
digital wallet for sports bettors, so it's a
no-brainer to create your free account right this instant. Make sure to sign up at skrill.com
slash barstool to create your free account and complete the account verification by clicking
follow the game after registering so you can start using their digital wallet today. Again,
that's skrill.com slash barstool. Alright, speaking of Skrill real quick,
they will be sponsoring the
other live stream we're doing this week that will be
on Wednesday for Game 4.
And we're going to be doing that in NYC? Back at HQ
right across from TBA. Yeah, we have
actually some really cool stuff planned. This week
is Barstool Idol Week at Barstool Sports
so we're going to get those guys involved.
Big Cat, the whole crew. We'll get everyone involved.
It's a fun time. Actually, we showed up to the office today, and they just eliminated a girl.
Part of the contest, they did a random wheel where one person was just going to get voted off where the wheel spun.
Right when they got there.
Right when they got there.
And it was two guys, one of which, Kirk Minahan, had this guy, and he was working on Kurt's podcast.
Clemmer.
Yeah, and about a month ago, he said
Yeah, he fucked over Kirk big time. Well, he says, I'm going on Barstool Idol, and he said, yoummer. Yeah, and about a month ago he said... Yeah, he fucked over Kurt big time.
Well, he says, I'm going on Barstool Idol, and he said, you're fired.
Yeah, yeah, no, no, he didn't even just say that.
He's like, oh, I can't come to the next show I'm going to do.
He's like, because I'm going to the Celtics game like three days before
with a friend who is pathetic.
And Kurt's just like, leave.
He's like, leave.
I love Kurt.
You're not welcome back.
I love Kurt.
And the guy's like, I don't know what the guy's doing.
I never met him, but he had a podcast where he was going to a movie every single day for a full year.
And then he got COVID, so it ended.
And then that was it.
And I guess he thinks he's going to get hired by Barstow.
I don't know what he's going to do.
We have a movie guy.
We have Jeff D. Lowe.
So we'll see.
I mean, Barstow, it was exciting.
They hired, that was how Francis got hired.
Who's our guy? We met Luke. We met Luke. Actually, Luke, Barstow was exciting. They hired, that was how Francis got hired. Who's our guy?
We met Luke.
We met Luke.
Actually, Luke, who's a big boy.
I think he'd tell you.
He's a big one.
He's a big fellow.
Frank the Tank 2.0.
Big fellow, yeah.
He whipped out candy that he'd had in his pants all day long.
It made me want to throw up.
And Biz started eating these things.
I swear to God, i almost threw up he's
like offering me something it was like a lady giving the new clothes out as a gift in the
wedding scene the new chocolate for me with those yeah luke's dingleberries
chocolate covered shit oh my god like raisinette so luke luke i think he's still he's still around
team luke so the other girl still around the minahan guy yeah he's still around. Team Luke. Is Clemmer still around, the Minahan guy?
Is he still alive?
Yeah, he's still in the mix.
Moving right along, we've got some more NHL news to get to, Biz.
Vegas traded forward Evgeny Dadunov successfully this time.
They sent him to Montreal for Shea Weber's contract, we should say.
Dadunov's got one year left at a 5 million cap hit.
Weber's going to be 37 in August, and his planned future, we say
it's unsure, but it's pretty unlikely he's going to be back.
Obviously, it's a salary dump.
Weber's still at four years left at a
7.857 million
cap hit, and Vegas obviously can use
that for LTIR. And also,
too, he's going to save dough on taxes. Imagine going from
Quebec taxes to fucking Nevada taxes.
That's going to be, I mean, you're the agent, a couple million dollars
maybe? Yeah, I mean, I think it would be,
I don't know exactly what is Montreal, but I assume
probably 13 to 14 a year.
Huge.
Yeah, on his contract? Huge. You wouldn't have to live
there if you're getting paid by them, right?
I think you'd have to have a residency there.
Yeah, because like the state of Florida,
you have to be there six
months and a day to be considered
a state resident to not have to pay the state months and a day to be considered a state resident, to
not have to pay the state taxes.
And I guess they look over the credit card statements.
So I don't know if you're going to then save the money.
That's why I bought that land in Jackson until I found out you actually had to live there.
It's like, oh, shit.
I'm like, I don't even have a house on this property.
How is this going to work?
Biz is out in a tent.
It's three degrees.
I'm just trying to save 17,000 a month.
Got pneumonia, but it's worth it.
I thought only the coyotes took those kind of contracts.
I get beat by a wolf.
How did Vegas get in here?
How'd he go?
Yeah, well, they like the LTI.
He went saving money with Geico.
He left his compost out.
Wolves ate him.
Rangers signed Sammy Blade to a one-year extension worth 1.525 million.
They missed him when he was out.
He would have been a big help.
Guy's a good player.
People were trying to give him a hard time online because he was pumping his sister's tires in the DMs on Instagram.
Did you see that?
No.
Okay, so let's talk about it.
Listen, I think French people show a little bit more affection than English people.
Oh, they make out with their brothers and sisters there.
No, he's still like, true.
French people love being very kissy, huggy.
That's a fact.
Hey, which player that you play with makes you think like that?
I know exactly who you're talking about.
Talbot.
Talbot.
Talbot.
Talbot.
Yeah.
Big time.
So wait, so what happened in this one?
I don't know.
I'm going to let GT this up because I don't want to get it wrong.
I'm just trying to find it.
I saw it.
He wrote the word sexy under her Instagram post, which I guess there's a translation thing where it doesn't mean anything.
Oh, that's not bad.
He's drooling over it.
It's like him saying you look beautiful, sis.
Yeah, exactly.
Well, one was like, I'm going to crank it off to that.
No, it was the one he deleted that was the issue.
He said, send me another pic.
Oh, my God.
I don't know.
You look at the picture.
It's a solo shot of her.
I just think it's a little weird.
Yeah, but that's the thing with these people online.
All of a sudden, you're making rumors up about the guy asking to tug one off to her.
It's crazy.
Okay, so no, no.
Go to Grinnell.
You just made a face.
What does this one say?
Yeah, I just think it's just weird.
I'm just showing the guys the picture.
Right down there, he wrote sexy babe with a heart.
Oh, that's...
I mean, is it his oldest sister or youngest sister?
Talk into your mic, Whit.
This is a nothing burger.
She looks younger.
This is a nothing burger.
He's just pumping her tires.
Maybe that's why he only got a million and a half.
He can't do anything.
He could have just said, oh, you look nice,
and they'd fucking jump all over him.
No, he's not.
He's saying that she's fucking sexy. Yeah, I just think the verbiage is... Yeah, well, that's the point. He doesn have just said, oh, you look nice, and they'd fucking jump all over him. No, he's not. He's saying that she's fucking sexy.
Yeah, I just think the verbiage is...
He doesn't speak English as his first name.
Fizz, you should know this. You can't even
speak either French or English.
You'd write sexy mama
looking hot. Yeah, I do on my grandpa's Instagram.
Your sister only dated Pauls.
That's true.
Yeah, who the fuck am I?
Yeah, put Natalie
on that list
And you caught her
You caught her in flagrant
No I caught Paul
Just going to fucking
Pound Town
On a ranch
His sister
What
His sister got stumped
His sister's on the work bench
By another Paul
And he walked right in
He just got warped buddy
Warped
He was going to town
Right before brunch
In Welland Ontario
Right before brunch
Right before brunch
Really ruined brunch Oh Oh, buddy,
I ate by myself at the fucking island
and I left. So what's
going on, guys? He's had one piece of
bacon and just stared
off into space. Yeah, he was making a fucking
omelet right in her fucking... That guy, Paul,
eating a Belgian waffle, pounded
my sister on my parents'
bed. Yeah, he's putting the
batter in the... Either way, he would have been an RFA this summer.
Before the extension,
Vlade will be a UFA next year.
Merles, we need your expertise for this one.
Vancouver signed free agent out of the KHL.
Andre Kuzmenko, I guess he was the most
highly sought free agent on the bucket
from KHL. What do you got for us?
Yeah, great player. Played for SKA St. Petersburg
the last couple years. He's a star.
Not really sure why he picked Vancouver.
That put Olskins there.
Maybe they're boys.
Yeah, I don't think he played SK.
I was a little surprised because he was touring.
He was doing the NHL tours.
There was somebody on my Twitter that kept following him.
He was down in Florida.
He was here.
Is he the Washington guy, Shorzy?
No, but Nick Shore is by far the best UFA free agent from the KHL.
So he might be the second best, but yeah.
So it has a lot to do with, I'm assuming, the contract and what they offered him.
How is it structured?
No, he had to sign an entry-level deal.
Yeah, one year.
He signed a one-year ELC.
It's the same deal for everyone.
But it's more for those guys, just like kind of the promise that the organization got him.
So I'm sure they said
So it's similar to
Kaprasov?
No, because Kaprasov was drafted.
This guy's undrafted. But even as an undrafted
player, when you go over, you can't sign a huge ticket.
It's entry-level max.
But he only got a one... So the next
contract, he could be like Kaprasov.
Yeah, he'd be RFA.
Very similar in a sense of if he pops off next year,
he could get a good little payout big time.
So he must have thought, like,
oh, they're going to put me on this line.
I'm going to get a ton of points.
Yeah, I'm sure Vancouver said, like,
they'll give him a top six opportunity.
You're going to play on the power play.
And maybe that's why they try to get rid of Miller.
Maybe they get rid of that.
Or they can play one year together,
and then they get rid of that off the books the next year,
and that's just his money to have.
We shall see.
Either way, Biz, the NHL team's going to have more money to spend next year.
The salary cap is going up after record revenues for the NHL in the 21-22 season.
Good job, fellas.
Good start.
Gary, Gary, Gary.
And we got the escrow's going to be paid off.
When did they say, Shorzy?
21-36.
21?
No, no, no, no.
I think he said there was a number that they thought it might be over, 20-25 maybe.
It's going down again every year.
Okay.
I thought the money they owed because of the pandemic.
I don't think they know yet.
They already came out that would be paid off.
All right, whatever.
Maybe I'm making this up.
Let's start with our pay grade.
The cap's going up to 82.5 million,
and the floor's going up to 61 million.
So that's always good.
More money to get spent.
Spread it around a little.
Tonight, the NHL Awards are on.
ESPN in the U.S., Sportsnet, and TVA Sports up in Canada.
Presenters include our buddy Jake Thiebaud,
who we just had on a couple weeks ago.
I'm going to his graduation party Saturday.
May I see you there?
Absolutely.
All right, yeah.
I'm going to be there right around 5 o'clock.
I met some of his buddies.
They said, don't get there until later.
We're going to get rowdy.
All right, yeah, I'm not going to Uber.
I don't know.
Maybe I'll have to bring my sleep bag, sleep in my car.
We'll see what happens.
Oh, my God.
They're like, three weeks later, they're like, all right, you have to leave.
All right, this is the fourth time you tape the show.
You're going to have to screw one of these days.
Also, Chris and Kelsey Snow are going to be there along with their kids,
Cohen and Willis.
So make sure you tune in to the awards tonight.
Obviously, big names are going to be getting some trophies tonight.
Congrats to Marco Sturm, named head coach of the Ontario Rainbuses old team.
He was the Kings assistant from 2018 until this past season.
He was the head coach and GM of the German national team from 2015 to 2018,
where he won silver at the Olympics.
He's on track, basically, to be the first German-born coach in the NHL right now.
And there have only been two European head coaches in NHL history.
Alpo Suhonen, Chicago, 21 years ago.
He's from Finland.
And the late Ivan Hlinka, who coached Pittsburgh, same year.
So imagine that, 21 years, there hasn't been a European coach.
Yeah, I mean, Ralph Kruger had been over there.
I gave you the scoop.
The Finnish guy going to Florida. Yeah, right.
Well, yeah, exactly. Mer called it.
Have to see what happens. There's a Swedish guy
Richard Kronberg that always comes
up, too. He's the guy who coaches in Zurich now.
Yeah, he's on the talks, too. Really?
Yeah, but I think a lot of teams
want him to be an assistant first,
and I think a lot of those guys don't want to do that.
Yeah, they don't want to come over, even though I wonder what they pay.
Yeah, I mean, they're probably all to come over even though I want to pay. Yeah.
I mean, they're probably all fucking paying them over there.
So they can figure out what they're doing.
A good NHL assistant's probably making no more than. I was going to say 400.
No, no, no, no.
They make close to a million now.
I know of a few.
Wow, really?
I know of a few that got offered.
Oh, I was thinking more average pay of an assistant.
Oh, yeah.
I would say the average is probably around 300,000, 400,000.
But the good top tier ones, like if you're going to entice a head coach from overseas to leave his head position and come try it out.
I've heard of some being offered 900,000 as an assistant, which is, I mean, if you're making a million bucks on a good team, it's fucking not bad.
And you're not the guy who's got to deal with all the pressure.
You're just taking maybe one of the special teams.
Yeah, he's a travel so good.
And you get to be a little bit more friendlier with the players.
Like a coach has to take, for the most part, his
I would love to be an assistant.
I don't have the head in me.
Don't you guys always say like assistant coaches are there when you get there?
They're there when you leave?
I think being assistant coach in the NHL is a pretty good gig,
given the fact that most guys are making roughly like 300,000, 400,000,
and you're not the main guy.
And you also have a lot of resources from a couple video guys.
So anything you need, you can ask for.
Yeah, do you got to watch a lot of video?
And do you have to prepare?
And do you have to be at the rink long hours?
Sure.
But being a fucking head coach in the American League is...
That's grind.
You're making fucking 130,000, 150,000, 180,000.
You're on the bus.
And you're on the bus, and you're the head guy,
and it's just a bit of a shit sandwich.
It's tough.
It's tough business.
It's paying dues.
Congrats to our pal Al Morganti.
He was named this year as a recipient of the Elmer Ferguson Award
for Excellence in Hockey Journalism.
Gets a plaque at the Hockey Hall of Fame.
And also to Bill Clement.
He won the Foster Hewitt Award for Outstanding Contributions as a Hockey Broadcaster.
A couple Philly guys getting some media love.
Of course, we met Al when we interviewed Jonesy.
So congrats to those guys.
That's a big honor for them.
That's awesome.
He's a great guy.
Yeah, he really is, man.
I hadn't met him before.
I never realized he was a Boston guy.
I see him until we met him at Jonesy.
So good stuff.
Congrats to those fellas.
I want to talk to you for a sec about better help, Biz.
Life can get overwhelming, and many people are burned out without even knowing it.
Symptoms can include lack of motivation, irritability, fatigue, and more.
It's been pretty easy to get burned out lately, especially in the world the last couple years,
everything going on.
That's why you need to take care of yourself or chat with somebody
when you need to. We associate burnout
with work, and that's not always the case. Any
of our roles in life can lead us to feel burned out.
Well, BetterHelp Online Therapy
wants to remind you to prioritize yourself,
and talking with someone can help you figure
out what's wrong and what's causing the stress in your life.
I know it's not an easy step for some old guys
like me that are stubborn. They don't want to go to therapy.
People are averse to it, whatever.
But it's the way to get help, man.
It's like you open up, share something, and talk to a stranger, and it can help immensely.
That's why BetterHelp is customized online therapy that offers video, phone, and even live chat sessions with your therapist
so you don't have to see anyone on camera if you don't want to.
It's much more affordable than in-person therapy, and you can be matched with a therapist in under 48 hours.
Our listeners get 10 off their first month at betterhelp.com slash chicklets.
That's B-E-T-T-E-R-H-E-L-P dot com slash chicklets.
Don't be afraid to ask for help, folks.
Couples therapy, too, all right, and teens.
They do teens as well.
Oh, wow, really?
Yeah.
Okay, good.
Thanks for chiming in, G.
Maybe we can go to it, Merles, and we can rekindle the ball hockey flam.
I would enjoy that, Paul.
I heard some rumors about him joining the booth.
I know we were talking about the Chicklets Cup broadcast.
It's out there.
Yeah, maybe come on as a Swiss Army knife, maybe as an e-bug as a player.
As long as he doesn't have one of those frigging drinks we had in Vegas.
Well, I'm actually going to bring a jock this time.
I'm going to bring shin guards.
I'm going to bring my own stick just in case I do get the call.
Okay.
And then aside from that, maybe...
190 octane.
Some sideline reporting.
Fly home to Sweden.
You got a 64-ounce 190 octane frozen drink at 9 in the morning for a chicken.
My throat was killing me.
We got to get to one of your stories you forgot to tell the last time.
I think you teed.
Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah.
You reminded me.
I had heard it, and you said,
Whit, I forgot to tell that story about the ride to training camp and what happened.
Oh, yeah.
So I was just talking to a kid about this.
I think now in the game the worst
time to get traded is as like a tweener as a non-established nhl guy but not still a prospect
you know what i mean yeah like you're over 25 yeah well it's like your prospect the suspect
kind of yeah so when i got traded from florida to calgary i got traded at the deadline. Went right into Calgary.
Played probably 10 of 40 games
to end the season.
Then going into that offseason,
I was restricted, didn't have a lot of rights,
signed a shitty contract.
With Calgary.
With Calgary.
That's why you need to hire a good agent.
Anyway, so signed a shitty contract
I wasn't comfortable with.
They signed a couple guys in free agency,
and I kind of knew that going into camp, I was like, this is not going to be good.
But I'm like, all right.
Great time out.
All right, just eat the cookie for fuck's sake.
Can you guys hear that?
It's unbelievable.
Just eat the cookie.
I'm good.
You good?
Okay.
Go back.
So I signed the contract, and I'm like, you know what?
I'm going to have a positive attitude.
This is going to be a great year.
I'll just fucking go in, camp, play hard. I'm making this team. I'm making this team. Even though you know you aren't. I'm like, you know what? I'm going to have a positive attitude. This is going to be a great year. I'll just fucking go in, camp, play hard.
I'm making this team.
I'm making this team.
Even though you know you are.
I'm making this team.
It's like I'm going to go in three weeks early because at that time, like, you know what I mean?
Go in early and show that, like, I'm in shape, all this stuff.
Free ice.
Yeah, whatever.
No, I didn't care about that.
Like you, but.
Anyway, so my wife and I load up this car, which at the time, like, right after I signed in Florida,
Anyway, so my wife and I load up this car, which at the time, like, two, right after I signed in Florida, played, I don't know, 40, 50 games in the NHL.
I bought this stupid, like, Audi S whatever.
Quattro.
Yeah, so we're driving from Denver to Calgary.
My wife and I, full truck.
Everything's loaded.
I'm like, I'm going to be there for the whole year.
I'm going in three weeks early, ready to go.
She's already checking out an apartment in Abbotsford.
Stockton. Stockton.
Stockton is where it was, okay?
So she's like, you know what?
Like supporting me.
Like, yeah, this is going to be great.
Like, just put your best foot forward.
Whatever happens, happens.
Middle of Montana.
There's no one on the road.
And the year before, I lived in a hotel in Florida.
And I didn't know this at the time, but it's illegal to drive without insurance in Montana.
I didn't think you could drive anywhere without insurance. But I think they arrest you in Montana. So I don't know this at the time. So I'm insurance in Montana. I didn't think you could drive anywhere without insurance.
But I think they arrest you in Montana,
so I don't know this at the time.
So I'm driving through Montana,
and my wife's like,
there's no one on the road.
She's like, you need to slow down.
I'm probably going probably 110, probably.
So that's moving,
but in the middle of the open road, it's like. In the middle of the open road,
but it's like, whatever.
What time of the day is this?
That's fucking fast.
It's probably at 3 or 4 p.m.
So that's buzzing, but if you don't see a car
it is, but that's buzzing.
Okay, so anyway, so she's like yelling
at me to slow down.
I actually do slow down to like
100, probably. So now I'm
20 over. Next thing you know,
this undercover truck pulls out.
Like, you hear the sirens going at the time.
I'm like, the first thing that goes through my head is like,
okay, I'm going to get a big ticket.
Yeah, expensive.
So pull over.
Guy comes, takes my license, whatever.
But he starts taking a long time.
So then finally he comes back to the car.
He's like, sir, please step out of the car.
And at first I'm like, okay, the car is full.
He wants to look around, whatever.
So I step out of the car.
He's like, sir, you're under arrest.
Throws me up against the car, handcuffs and everything.
This is the middle of Montana, right?
First, I'm like, what did I do?
I have no idea. My wife
starts asking him what I did, and he looks at me.
My wife was just my girlfriend at the time,
and she looks at me and goes, I don't know, we had an arrest
warrant out for him. Maybe he didn't pay child support.
And I have no kids
at the time, right? I have no kids.
Drew, you want to tell me something?
I don't think I don't have no kids at the time right I have no kids at the true you want to tell me something I don't think I don't have any kids so anyway so he brings me a thing but he still won't tell me why
like I'm going to jail you're in the back of the cop car so yes but the cop car doesn't even have
a back so he's in a pickup truck an undercover pickup truck so I'm sitting there handcuffed
like this in a pickup truck so I started finally truck. So I'm sitting there handcuffed like this in a pickup truck.
So I start finally.
I'm like.
Shotgun?
Yeah, shotgun.
I go, where's the jail?
70 miles.
Oh, my.
Back.
No, dude.
Back the other direction.
So the best thing about this is I'm in a light blue Lululemon hoodie.
So I'm sitting there in a light blue Lululemon hoodie like this, handcuffed in the front of the car.
So now my wife has to drive my car back to the jail.
So she gets out from the passenger seat,
walks around, and I would have bet every dollar I've ever made, she would have been
bawling her eyes out. She gets out of the car, walks
around and looks at me like this, double thumbs up
like this. And then looking
back, she was like, I thought you were going to snap
on the policeman. So I
tried to make sure everything was okay.
So 70 miles, here we go.
This is in the middle of an 18-hour drive.
Hey, music playing or no?
Well, he still wouldn't tell me, though.
He didn't know.
The cop who arrested me didn't know why I was being arrested.
He just knew that there was an arrest warrant out for my arrest.
So in the middle of the drive, the radio starts going off.
And it's like, yeah, we just arrested 20 meth heads.
They're going crazy in the jail.
Oh, for fuck's sake.
Oh, my God.
So now I'm like.
You're listening to this?
Yeah, now I'm having a panic attack because I'm like, dude.
So I look at the guy and I'm like trying to be kind of cool about it.
I'm like, so do I go in gen pop or?
I go, how does this work in there?
And in my head.
So then it starts.
I'm like thinking like if I had to beat up like one of these guys, like i beat up a bunch of them or whatever he's like no we'll give you your own
cell you'll be fine so i go in take photos in my light blue lululemon hoodie smiling like this like
i didn't know what to do because they're like uh one two three so i smiled like that she ended up
bailing me out and it turns out that the year before i lived in a hotel because I was up and down so much, I got my credit card stolen.
So I got a new credit card, and my car insurance in Florida was just on auto pay.
So it just was never paid.
So I was driving without.
Oh, because you got the new card.
Because I got the new card.
It was without insurance, and I didn't know.
So she had to bail me out with cash.
How long did you have to sit in there until she bailed you out or she could do it right away?
Probably an hour, 90 minutes.
You've got to talk closer than that.
So probably 90 minutes.
And so then she had to bail me out.
And the worst part about the whole thing was she had to drive
the rest of the road trip.
Oh, God.
So she had to drive eight hours.
So the worst part about getting arrested was her driving the whole time.
And you snoring in the front seat.
I ended up having to write a letter and stuff like that.
And they ended up dropping everything because of what happened or whatever but i should have known right
then then it was my worst season of hockey ever oh yeah that's yeah but i should have known like
that was a sign right then i should have went to russia that day i should have called someone
who'd been like you could have just paid the cop and i would have been like okay this is not gonna
work out ended up going to stockton that's when i played biz um i'm surprised when you got to the
border of Canada, they
just noticed that you'd just been arrested. Well, I didn't have my
license. So like I wasn't driving. I was
just sitting at the passenger's, hand my passport
and that was it. But yeah, it was like that
was probably, and that was kind of when my career
in North America went downhill. Did you get to see the crackheads
in the other cell? No, so I never
saw them. And because I got everything
dropped because of what happened, I never
got, everyone's like, oh, did you get the photos?
And I never got any photos.
Oh, I was going to ask you.
Maybe we have a listener in Montana police force that could find you short mug shots.
What the fuck?
You guys want a piece of cookie that R.A. was dummy in during your story?
No, I'm going to save it for after.
Okay, well, I'm going to have a piece.
Stay light.
Stay light, Whit.
If I was going to a buck town with my old lady in the car, she'd fucking divorce me.
She hates driving me.
Shocker.
Well, you know, R.A., if somebody is waiting at the light in front of them and the light
turns green and he doesn't go, he holds the horn down for five seconds.
No, they get about a three-second beat before I lean on it, yeah.
But I love that.
I do the same thing.
I don't use the horn to warn people.
I use it as, like, after they've done it, to lay it on there.
Especially if you're in Boston, man. If you don't, then you'll be fucking
sitting there all day.
I think it's time to go to you. The U.S. Open.
Mark Fitzpatrick,
a bit of a fan favorite, I guess you might say. Won the U.S.
Open. A bond burner with him and Zell
Torres down at the end. What do you got for us, buddy?
I tried to watch most of the tourney, and I know
Merle's watched Sunday and really enjoyed it.
I know Biz watched some of it.
I'm sure you did, right?
It was a great, great ending.
Sunday, and there's been some kind of, I think in the last few years,
some of the majors haven't been super exciting.
Like Scotty Sheffield at the Masters this year wasn't the most exciting finish.
The PGA, we had this Zal Taurus kid who's never won.
He got in the playoff against Justin Thomas.
Justin Thomas gets it done.
So then our third major of the
year, the U.S. Open. The country club
is this beautiful place. It's got so much
history. They had the 1913
U.S. Open where Francis
we met, he was an
amateur. He won. So there's all this history
about, they had the Ryder Cup and I think
it was 99 when Justin Leonard made
that putt where the place goes nuts. They beat
Europe. Amazing comeback. So they hadn had a um USGA event since the 2013 US amateur so that's the
best amateurs in the world mostly college kids there's some older older amateurs and the winner
and the and the guy that loses in the finals go to the So 2013, Matt Fitzpatrick won it.
If people aren't aware, this guy was a stud from England.
I think actually the story is his dad's like,
we're going to play in this tournament in America.
He didn't even really know much about it.
He knew it was a big tournament.
He comes over.
His brother's on the bag.
If you Google image it, his brother, Fitzpatrick, maybe he's 19, 20.
Looks like he was 15.
His brother was maybe 15. looks like he was 10.
So it's pretty cool that nine years later he comes back as a pro
and he got it done on an amazing finish.
Sheffler went on a run Sunday.
Zalatoris kind of started off slow, then he went on a run.
The lead was changing back and forth.
The course looked awesome on TV.
They actually have an 18-hole course, and then
they have a 9-hole Primrose course.
And they combine, they take 3 holes out of the
main course, and then they add 3 holes
from the Primrose to form this
basically the best possible hole,
the best possible combination of
18 of the 27 holes they can get.
And it was tough. I mean, guys
usually win tournaments, a lot of these
PGA events at 15-under. I think the winner was 6, and it was tough. I mean, guys usually win tournaments, a lot of these PGA events at 15 under.
I think the winner was six
and it was just fun to watch.
I thought that Rory McIlroy was going to get it done.
He was in the tide for the lead
or right there after the first day.
I want Rory to win again.
I don't know if he ever will.
Like win a major or a tournament?
A major because he won the week before
the Canadian Open.
He's won 21 times now.
He just, I don't know, in majors now,
maybe there's these younger bucks
who have just kind of passed him by a little bit.
Golf's such a crazy game.
Is the U.S. Open the one where they try to make
the greens as hard as possible?
Yeah, but they've switched it up a little.
They used to make it legit.
They would try to torture the players.
The rough would be this long.
The greens would be rock hard.
And lately, over time, they've made it a little easier.
Players used to complain so much.
And I think a lot of golf fans who just maybe watch majors, and even myself, I watch a lot of golf, I guess.
But I liked seeing them get tortured for a tournament.
I liked seeing them all.
They'd get so mad.
The winner a couple years was like five over par.
And they've gotten away from it a little.
Also, the other thing is these guys are so fucking good.
They hit the ball so far.
And there's just so many good players.
Like if you think of golf, you think like of 15 names right off the top of your head that could win any week.
I don't watch a lot of golf.
I could name you 15.
Yeah, exactly.
So it's like, I don't know, at one point, no matter.
There's a hole there.
It was 650 yards dead up a hill, legitimately.
Par 5?
Par 5.
I'm talking your second shot, if you hit a good drive, guys were like 280, dead up a hill.
And members are like, nobody's going to reach that green in two.
The first day, Koepka hit an iron to it.
It's like, I don't think you can make a hole long enough where these guys won't reach it.
So the game is definitely just at this
amazing place where even though this course is so hard,
people still shoot under par.
But Fitzpatrick's cool.
He put, I think, 30 yards
on his driver. He's gained so much distance
because now you've got to pound it.
And then he said he passed the piss test.
Yeah, somebody asked him, like, you're on the Bryson plan.
He's like, oh, I already passed my drug test.
I think he was laughing.
Maybe a little dig at Bryson.
Yeah, and this Zalatoris guy hasn't won yet, but he's in the hunt.
I didn't realize he hadn't won a tournament yet, Zalatoris.
I don't think a PGA Tour event, no.
But, yeah, he's probably top 10 FedEx points because he's in the hunt on everything.
Yeah, it seems like that.
It seems like that.
So I think that it was a great major.
Next year it's going to L.A. Country Club, which is sick.
L.A. Country Club North, Playboy Mansion's right on it, Biz.
Come on.
Maybe you can go to the tournament.
Get him.
We'll play with some monkeys.
What else happened in golf?
Who's the best PGA golfer ever who never won a tournament?
I don't know.
I wouldn't know the best player to never actually win a tour event.
Colin Montgomery never won a major.
He was nasty, the Scottish guy.
He won.
I know who that is.
Yeah, he was sick, like chunky, like great swing.
He never won a major.
Yeah, he looks like a fatter you.
Yeah, exactly, exactly.
Does he?
Yeah, like curly hair.
I'll take it.
I wish I swung like him.
I would easily agree to put on the 60 pounds that Montiel weighs me by to be that good.
In a heartbeat.
I would never see my dick again to swing the club like Montiel.
Who's the guy who used to light up all the cigars and he had the long hair?
Miguel Angel Jimenez.
Is he still going?
He still crushes the
senior tour. Yeah, champion's tour. The guy's a
legend. He does the stretching and just drinks wine
all the time. Yeah. We had a couple of
snapshots to it. Justin Thomas going off
about the rules. They caught him on a hot mic.
And then Grayson Murray
like fucking tossed his eye and broke an eye.
Oh, he's great.
I was going to ask you about that. Guy in the PGA.
Should Grayson be doing that?
People would say no, and he'll get fined for it.
I think the fines are pretty big for doing that stuff on tour on TV.
But fuck, I mean, golf is a maddening game.
It makes it way more fun.
Honestly, I'm not kidding.
I threw a club with Whitney and Commodore at the Sandbagger.
I fired a club about three weeks ago.
I think I've probably thrown three or four clubs in the last two years.
Legit.
But every time, I feel like an absolute idiot.
Dude, back in the day, I used to throw 15 clubs around when I was a worse player.
Back in the day, I used to throw 15 clubs around when I was like a worst player.
Here's my surprise for you.
One time I fired a four iron at Walsh on the 14th hole.
I fired it 100 miles an hour.
Yeah, I had a cannon.
Don't worry.
Maybe it was 80.
I fired it up.
Boom.
It stays in the tree.
This is no word of a lie.
I'm like, oh, shit.
I got to get a new five iron.
No word of a lie.
Two weeks later, I'm at the same part of the hole.
It falls down at my feet, and it had snapped.
It was broken.
It was, swear to God, it was like the golf gods just being like,
you broke this club, you dickhead,
and now we're going to drop it at your feet so you can see.
I'm not kidding.
What are the odds of that happening?
And I've still thrown clubs since.
But I feel bad.
That would be an insane thing to happen, the fact that it landed at your feet broken.
Crazy.
Craziest thing that's ever happened to me. You're like, Noonan, fix the grip on those, like fucking Judge Smales and Caddyshack
when he chucks the putter and kicks the lead.
You'll get nothing and like it.
I kind of saw a taste of that when we played that bowling alley of a course.
Oh, a couple things.
Oh, yeah.
You were losing.
Yeah, I was so on to kill Avery.
Another thing that cracked me up was,
oh, if you watch the golf tournament,
on the 15th hole, which was a monster hole,
in the final, in the Sunday round,
Fitzpatrick missed the fairway by 40 yards, legit.
30 to 40 yards, right.
Zalatorrez missed the fairway by three yards.
Well, all the fans, right, they trampled down all this grass
after the whole week of being at this event.
So Fitzpatrick's in this perfect lie on this dead grass
that everyone's walking over, and he blew it way right.
Zalatoris just missed his drive on the right, and he's buried.
He made bogey, and I think Fitzpatrick might have made birdie on 15.
Oh, so that's the swing.
Yeah, it was a big swing, and it was just kind of like, oh, that's the bounces, dude.
That's golf.
Did you see what Rory said after he won the week before?
About Norman?
Just about, like, you can't put a price on.
What did you think of that?
Says the guy who, he's made 200 million.
No, he's made way more than that.
There you go.
Yeah, and, like, this thing is so crazy with live golf.
I hear a lot more names are coming this week, some big names.
And I don't know what ends up happening.
It's like, it's just I keep saying, like, these guys, this guy gets offered 75 million.
I mean.
But someone told me this.
Oh, and mind you.
Sorry, Shorzy.
75 million.
But someone told me this.
Oh, and mind you, sorry,
so Phil and DJ, people who took the live money, they were getting
ridiculous cheers at the event.
So as much as these media members
are gunning after him, and a lot of people who are
golf fans...
Money, money, money, money.
I don't think any music was playing.
Unless it was a fake video on the internet,
when Mickelson went off to the first tee,
they played that as he was walking to his ball.
No.
It's a meme video.
Who gives a fuck?
Let's just make it up.
Let's keep going with it.
That was like the shark in Nantucket that Portnoy fell for.
The shark swimming around Nantucket floods.
What was...
All right, you said something one time.
You said shark warnings are the stupidest thing.
Remember?
Oh, that was a grind my gears.
All right, we're trying to save people's
limbs. Yeah, I mean, common fucking sense
is seals, there's going to be some sharks there.
I know, and once I said it...
I mean, yeah, put the signs there, but I don't know.
You can still risk it. I wouldn't swim there.
We're going to hold back this
news ad to not
let people know there's a shark in the water!
Just go ahead and... No, do it. He's not hungry.
He just ate three seals. They probably do it
so they don't have to worry about the mess at the hospital.
That kid, the kid.
The other thing that drives me nuts
about some of the tour events, so
when you play the Country Club, the
first hole's going this way, and the 18th...
The first tee's here, and the 18th green's next
to it. In between that is a range.
That's where you warm up when you go play
there. Well, these guys needed a much
bigger range, so this wasn't big enough, so they put a
huge maintenance tent. Well, when you play there
normally, that's out of bounds. If you hit it
left on one or left on 18,
OB, re-T, hit your third ball.
For this, it wasn't. Guys
were ripping the ball dead
left into the
merchandise tent. They get the ball,
they get this perfect drop looking right at the green.
It's like.
That shouldn't be allowed.
Yeah, and some of the guys are aiming for it.
It's like if you're playing with your buddies, you don't even get that.
Like why do these guys get it?
They're the best in the world.
It drives me nuts.
I never noticed that.
Yeah.
I seen that one shot.
I forget what it was.
It hit with the storm drain or the sprinkler head rather and got another 100 yards off the bounce. Oh, I didn't see that. Yeah, I forget what guy it was. It hit the storm drain or the sprinkler head, rather, and got another 100 yards off the bounce.
Oh, I didn't see that.
I forget what guy it was.
Yeah, it hit perfect doink right off the sprinkler head.
It got 150 extra yards just off that fucking bounce, yeah.
I love it.
Hey, we're probably done with golf, right?
Oh, yeah, yeah.
I'm done with golf.
Oh, I was just going to ask Shorzy if he had one more story that he hadn't shared.
Yeah, we can get to that one second first, Biz. We want to let you know that Shopify is the all-in-one commerce platform to
start, run, and grow your business. Shopify gives entrepreneurs the resources once reserved for big
business. So upstarts, startups, and established businesses alike can sell everywhere, synchronize
online and in-person sales, and effortlessly stay informed. Shopify offers online retailers a suite of services including payments, marketing, shipping, and customer engagement tools.
Connect with your customers, drive sales, manage your day-to-day.
Shopify instantly lets you accept all major payments.
Shopify has thousands of integrations and third-party apps from on-demand printing to accounting to advanced chatbots to and beyond.
Go to Shopify.com slash chicklets, all lowercase, for a free 14-day trial and get full access
to Shopify's entire suite of features.
Grow your business with Shopify today.
Go to Shopify.com slash chicklets right now.
Shorzy, what do you got for us?
Merle, you had a good question for him.
Well, Fitzpatrick, the U.S. Open champion, is from across the seas.
I was wondering what was your favorite stop in your playing days over there?
You play in a couple different spots.
You're kind of a suitcase like myself.
Yeah, I don't know if I made as many tour stops as you did,
but I definitely was close.
Zurich, for sure.
I should have stayed in Zurich my whole career.
Yeah, why'd you ever leave?
Because you think the grass is greener when that's not the case.
When you're in Switzerland eating chocolate.
Yeah, it's so good there.
We won there my first year there, and it was so fun.
Should have stayed there forever, went to Russia, and then.
Was it dull better?
Yeah, a little bit. So bit so like i was on a pretty
good deal in zurich so i mean i probably left for 30 or 30 40 maybe better money but the headache
that's a good amount no yeah but the headache was 700 times the money and it's like then you get
you know i mean then i'm fired six months later whereas like
a lot of those guys in switzerland have pretty good gigs they can stay for five years what was
your favorite spot uh yeah uh yeah murr was not my favorite spot um definitely sweden was up there i
really talk about zagrim croatia just because the group of guys we had we had all a bunch of
north americans and stuff switzerland i loved i only got to play in the top league a little bit.
But every game, we'd get the case of beer in our seat.
Did you guys have that in Zurich too?
Like after the game?
Yeah, after the game.
There was always a case of beer.
Christian Bergman would grab it.
In the locker room?
At home in the locker room.
But on every bus ride.
And the bus rides are only two hours.
And we would sit there.
We'd each have like six, seven beers.
It was the best.
Yeah, you're home every night. Like the longest drive in Switzerland is three hours. and we would sit there. We'd each have like six, seven beers. It was the best.
Yeah, you're home every night.
Like the longest drive in Switzerland is three hours.
Oh, that's living.
That's why every guy wants to play there after the NHL. No, and the Swiss guys think the three-hour drive from Zurich to Geneva
is like Merle's flying from Vegas.
That's how they act.
Oh, yeah, so our last game one year was in Geneva,
and they were like, we've got to be in playoffs,
like in a good seed locked up before then because we can't win on the road.
Like it's a two-hour drive.
It's too far.
Yeah, you stop for cake.
I'll never forget this.
The first road trip.
This is the best.
Yeah, they think the three hours is a lot.
Some of these Swiss guys, like the good Swiss guys now are making probably the equivalent
of like 750,000, 800,000 US, like a year.
These guys are getting paid.
They're stopping two hours before the game,
complaining about the long bus ride,
eating cake and having coffee before the game.
It's literally, it's crazy.
Just to break it up.
Softer than puppy shit.
They got a good lifestyle.
Yeah, real soft.
And then when the game gets tough,
they don't want to be out there.
They start tapping you.
Hey, import, go get us a goal. It gets physical. Yeah, when the game gets tough, they don't want to be out there. They start tapping you. Hey, import, go get us a goal.
When it gets physical.
Yeah, and then it gets tight and the pressure's on.
They want no part of it.
At EIHL, the English League, we had like a 9, 10-hour bus ride.
The first game I was ever there.
To Scotland.
That would not be happening in the Swiss NLA.
They would be asking for helicopters.
What was the city when he said that you probably enjoyed it, but you were like, no, I did not like that.
Murr?
A Murr, yeah.
It's named after you?
It's close to Hawaii.
It's in the far east of Russia, over just above China.
Legit.
Great.
I was just telling him that story.
One of our, well, our original airline, we had a real plane with three seats and three seats, went out of business.
So they put us on this two and two seater, a real small one.
The pilot coming back and smoking cigarettes during the flights is a story for another time.
But this was Christmas Day.
So in Russia, they don't really honor Christmas.
It was Michelle Tarionov.
We flew four hours.
You fly four hours up.
We had to drop down and refuel, which takes two hours. So we'd get out, play soccer while they're refueling back in. Boom, up four hours. You fly four hours up. We had to drop down and refuel, which takes two hours.
So we'd get out, play soccer while they're refueling back in.
Boom.
Up four hours again.
Drop down again.
We got to refuel again.
Another two hours.
Soccer.
Back up.
We finished three hours in.
Directly to the rink for an hour practice.
After practice to the hotel, 45-minute video meeting.
Then we got to have dinner.
Played the next day, like 4 p.m.
Third time.
And now we've traveled, what was that, 12 hours of flight?
But now the time zones are just, like, nuts.
Yeah, we lost 6-1.
Of course.
Oh, that's a game you got to bet.
And it was against Magnetogorsk.
So it was just a beating.
But that was the travel from that place.
Our closest team was a four-hour flight, Nova's Kuznets.
Did you ever play there?
Nova Kuznets? Is that the one that
Sopo was talking about?
When they had the alligator tears drug?
Yep, that was the closest team, four-hour
flight. What's the alligator tears drug?
The crocodile.
Or crocodile tears. That's Nova Kuznets.
Yeah. Nova's, I never tried it.
He's like, I make it.
Do you have any crazy stories from when you were overseas?
I don't know if you heard. I have a good
friend who's confirmed. I don't know
if you guys heard the story about Astana, Kazakhstan.
Oh.
So I was not there for this,
but this is what I've been told.
There was a 7 or 8 game
where they didn't have a lot of puck luck on both nets.
So after practice one day, and this story has been vouched for by a lot of imports who I trust,
they may or may not have brought out a live animal, taken a sword, and ended the life of that animal,
and taken the blood of that animal into both goal creases and spread it over them for
good luck and like i said one of my good friends who was standing there at the time remember them
pulling out a sword like straight from aladdin that's what they're gonna do the guys on the
live tour if they bogey the 18th ball but no it was good like i remember too one time like in
minsk we weren't very good and like we got beat 7-1 in Ufa one game.
And rather than practicing the next day, we went to church.
Oh, that was...
Did Hennessy not tell us this one?
Really?
So we went to church.
And we were there for...
There are days there, when you're winning there, it's day off, bonus, everything's good.
When you're losing, it's practice.
You're at the rink from 7-5. Double seven double session yeah so one day we were at like this church and finally shane
prince who played for the islanders for a bit was like uh what the fuck's going on here like we've
been here for three hours and they were like you know like better luck better luck and we had just
gotten beat seven to one like the shots were 50 to five so finally he stood up in front of the
entire team and was like we don't need better luck we need better fucking defensemen but no it's good i'm trying to think you go through the scoring there like
oh the points yeah this is crazy though so you one time you can't get second assist can't get
second assist but if you're a good enough high-end russian you somehow find a way to get those second
assists but it's like if we go and go in on a two-on-one, I pass it to you, you pass it.
You negate the second assist?
A lot of times, yeah.
And if you take a shot from the point, if I take a shot from the point,
rebound goes to Shorzy and he dishes it to Merle, Merle scores,
I don't get the second assist.
Well, let me ask you this.
Do you think in the NHL, if the guy makes the outless pass
and they go give and go back four times.
I think you should get it because the guys get more money and that's how I got some.
We wouldn't have any points if they did it that way.
If I pass to Crosby and him and Malcolm go back four or three times, I better get that take of one.
I don't personally care.
I guess I'm just asking like the RA.
They go more official by it, I would say.
All right.
Do you think the guy who made the outlet pass, regardless of the give and go back and forth,
like four times going on a two-on-one back and forth, do you think that the original outlet pass regardless of the give and go back and forth like four times going on a two on one back and forth
do you think that the original outlet
pass should get the assist
they never would have had it
to go back and forth to each other if the guy hadn't
snapped it up to him well I know but
I mean okay I'm asking other people's
opinions so in other words an assist when you
weren't one of the last couple guys to touch the puck
without y'all play it wouldn't happen yeah that's
that's an interesting debate because sometimes
you do deserve an assist.
He's an agent. He's losing it that we're talking about.
More points, better contracts.
Crazy.
I mean, if they stopped
doing that, none of the old
records would get touched.
Yeah, they can't stop that.
That is not going to be the case.
Well, it sounds like it never started in Russia.
That's why guys don't hit player bonuses.
Oh, that's probably the reason why then, yes.
They're trying to prevent guys from hitting the shady bonuses
that they weren't going to pay out anyway.
It's crazy there, too.
A lot of guys' bonuses, you have to have a plus-minus bonus in your contract.
So your points bonus, you'll have a bonus at 20 40 and 60 say but like
it's only if you finish like zero like or oh yeah based on what you're because if yeah but it's
crazy but it goes through playoffs there so it's like imagine you you've got you just hit 40 points
you're at plus one your team pulls the goalie oh like in game six yeah you're like you're saying
your skate blade bro like you know we're up four why are we pulling the goalie. Oh, I'm sprinting off guys. Yeah, you're saying your skate blade broke.
We're up four, why are we pulling the goalie?
Because you're plus one.
Yeah, or imagine your coach pulls them early now,
like 4-1 with six minutes left.
They score, then they pull them again.
Yeah, that sucks.
Any scary moments with the police there?
You ever get your passport taken or have to pay off a cop?
No, I never did.
Did you have a driver? That never did did you have a driver that
was montana i had a driver who was great um when i got fired from minsk if i flew home so this we
had a one-year-old there at the time it was four hours to germany eight hours home we showed up
in minsk and like the flight attendants went on like strike I guess they do this and fit
like it was like a Finnish airline all the time they just like went on strike so we sat there for
eight hours oh my god had to spend oh with a one-year-old had to spend the night in Germany
got on the plane in Germany so now we're 10 hours home to Denver had to pull back into the gate
and my wife literally retired on the plane she She was crying, I swear to God. And she said, literally, she was crying.
And she said, I love you, but I will never, ever fly over here again.
And that's when I called him and I was like,
I guess I'll sign somewhere in North America.
And that was the end of my European.
With a kid, it's like, yeah, I cannot be doing that anymore.
No, flying over there with kids.
Rose does it every weekend.
Yeah, he does it.
He goes on the ferry ride.
No, he's not with kids,
but they do go back and forth.
Yeah, I've done a lot.
It's a lot easier without the kid.
No, I'd fly around the entire world
three times before I flew.
If you have kids,
going on a flight without them
is like the vacation.
That would be my vacation,
just flying around without the kids.
Well, no, that's funny too
because you pay for the upgrade or whatever,
but it's like you don't sleep the whole time. You don't give them an Ambien.
You don't just give them an Ambien or something?
Oh, yeah, we put Ambien in their bottle,
dude. A little whiskey in the bottle.
Get them hypnotized?
We mentioned the Celtics earlier. They lost to Golden
State. Golden State, their fourth NBA
title, busy in eight years. Steph won
his first Finals MVP. This guy,
man, when you bet against him, it's like, forget about it.
Every time he pulls up from a shot, he's fucking
money. Tough Finals for Tatum, man. I was
waiting for him to step up. I'm not sure how much you watched.
I didn't see the clinching game. I watched
the ones before that. The game's starting at 9 o'clock.
Yeah, it doesn't help. Golden State,
just the second opponent ever to win a title
on the Boston Parquet.
The Lakers did back in 85.
Steve Kerr, how about this?
He's won a third of the last 27 NBA finals.
Five as a player, four as a coach.
Wow.
Died in the last 27.
And 28-1 Golden State was preseason.
Those were the biggest odds since 1984 for an NBA team to win the title.
As far as Tatum's concerned, I was kind of following the social media stuff and his post-game presser antics a little bit
with a lot of referencing Kobe and stuff all the time.
People are overreacting, though.
I think people are being pretty hard on Jason Tatum.
He's 24.
He's still a young kid.
Let the kid become a superstar.
It's his first time to the finals.
People are really being way too hard on him.
Yeah, but also he's been this next great superstar.
There were games you were kind of waiting for him to step up and take over.
And Jalen was stepping up, but he wasn't really getting it done as much as we hoped.
Steph Curry was stepping up.
Steph Curry, man, unbelievable.
He's not thrown the towel in just yet, though.
No, absolutely not.
I'm not saying that by any stretch.
I think more people just being critical.
It's like, stop talking about Kobe.
Just like, just maybe play your own game and just be yourself.
I don't know about that.
Stop texting Kobe.
You know what I mean?
He was texting Kobe all the time.
Yeah, it's just like a little bizarre.
And also as a Celtics fan, it's like, you know, I know he's got the fucking armband on.
It's like, dude, those are the latest colors.
It's like, you're on the fucking Celtics in the finals, man.
It's just like.
It was a little bizarre.
Yeah, I get it.
It's like, you know, we had a relationship with him and all that.
It was his idol.
But it's like, dude, you're on the Celtics and you're wearing purple and gold.
It's just a fucking awkward look.
I hear that.
Anyways, and also our buddy Dave Portnoy, he had a little back and forth with Draymond Green.
Of course, Dave had the shirt.
Draymond is a jerk face.
He had it right in front of his face.
And then Draymond retweeted Dave, like, hold that L, sucka, to El Prez.
You know, it was pretty fun, you know, pretty good content.
Oh, it's awesome.
Well, they were fuck you and him at the Garden.
I think he maybe over a little overreaction to that, like, fuck you, Draymond, like, big deal.
Yeah, well, I don't know if you saw, but today, like, they sent out that huge thing, like, a bunch of his family members about the vulgar language.
And then today he was just partying at the parade and everything
was, fuck this, fuck
them. They just hate, they hate Boston
like most of the NBA fans
hate Boston anyways, regardless, so it was like
I think they were like going in extra because it was Boston
because it was the game after that, Mike
Breen, who does play by, but he's like, he's like, oh, last
game there was some derogatory chants here, like
pointing it out, and then Mark Jackson to his credit
analyst, he's like, you know what, Mike, this this happens in every city don't make it look like it only
happens i was like thank you last year right up the street across the river msg fuck trey young
fuck trey it's like that they did that for five games or whatever it was no one
draymond green had a bad series until the end he was great and a lot of the media like ripped him
for saying he was more prepared for his podcast after it correct you should have
him on do you think well i would love to do you think we'll ever see an nhl guy have one that
like say i'm sure after a playoff game maybe not now maybe in like 20 years i think that we're like
we're just a little slow on all that yeah as far as showing individual but it was pretty funny his
response to it was like he's way better talking basketball than any of the media members are
so it's like all of them saying like you were more it was like, he's way better talking basketball than any of the media members are.
So it's like all of them saying, like, you were more prepared for your pod.
He's like, well, yeah, people are going to listen to me talk basketball.
They're not going to listen to you who played high school Division III talk basketball. And now that they won it, he'll never think of it again.
You know, they'd lost maybe, and he sucked the whole time.
But he had the double-double.
He was good in game six.
I took the train down yesterday, Biz, and you're never
going to guess what happened. My gears
got grinded once again.
I know we beat the transport thing, and that's
when they pop up. I can't wait to hear this.
This was actually much, much transportation-related.
It's not the quiet car. I didn't sit in the quiet
car. You know there's going to be some noise.
The woman next to me,
right next to me, on the phone for probably
half the four hour train ride and
I don't even like taking calls on them on. I'll
lean over, talk, whisper, whatever. She was
on this side of me too so she's talking like
six inches from me and you're like looking over. I got the
headphones on. It's fucking rude. You got
a whole train. You can walk around, talk to people
or you know, I don't know. I shouldn't have to go
They have phone spots on those trains. Exactly.
There's any way you can go and it's like you're kind of looking
at it but you don't want to be fucking rude.
You just keep turning the volume up.
But yeah, man, that grinds my fucking gears when people sit there.
Like, me to you.
How would you like it four hours of sitting there?
It's annoying, man.
No, yeah.
I mean, yeah, when me and Katie were in Kabul, there was a lady going to town at the bar
right next to us, FaceTiming every single one of her friends.
Oh, the FaceTime's worse because then you're hearing the other person's too.
You're hearing it back and forth
and she was completely unselfaware
and to the point where everybody at the bar,
including the bartenders,
were like, this lady's out of her mind.
If I'm getting a call in a restaurant
or in a place like that,
I'm saying, hey, I'll text you or I'll call you back
or I'm going for the walk.
Nobody gives a fuck.
If it's work-related, get up and walk around. It's just rude. That grinds my fucking gears. Thank you. I'll call you back Or I'm going for the walk Nobody gives a fuck If it's work related get up and walk around
It's just rude
That grinds my fucking gears
So I went to the beach on Saturday morning
It was pretty empty
So we find our spot
We set up
I dig the umbrella in
I'm not a strong guy
It took a lot of energy for me to dig this umbrella in
And what happens 5 minutes later
A family of probably 20 people Comes in parks a lot of energy for me to dig this umbrella in. And what happens five minutes later?
A family of probably 20 people comes in parks right next to us.
Well, there's a lot of open beach.
Paul, the whole beach is wide open. And this family, right away I hear, Mom, Mom, Mom, Mom, Mom.
I'm like, are we really doing this right now?
You have a whole beach.
So I had to unpack the umbrella. Paul, you didn't say something? I didn't say something because I'm like, are we really doing this right now? You have a whole beach. So I had to unpack the umbrella.
Oh, you didn't say something?
I didn't say something because I'm like, you know what?
You wouldn't have gone over and said, hey, listen, there's the whole beach here.
No.
I had to pack up, move all my stuff over to the other end of the beach.
By the time I got to the other end of the beach, it started getting windy.
It was all shitty, so I had to leave the beach.
That's karma for all the times that you and your buddies went to the beach
and set up shop right beside a bunch of girls.
Yeah.
And you were staring at their asses.
Well, I called out some high schoolers too
because they were there right before us too.
I guess it was senior skip day.
And my senior skip day,
I left a mess on the beach
and some kids from that hometown came up to me
and were like, basically,
we're going to kick your ass
if you don't clean the beach.
I clean the beach.
So I said to these kids,
I'm like, you guys left like a ton of shit.
Can you please clean this up?
They reluctantly came over and were like, we're sorry, sir.
Sir.
Sir.
Holy shit.
Wow.
Before he gets pubes on his mouth.
I thought you were going to say they threatened to beat you up.
You clean up their mess.
They would have.
They would have, too.
They would have kicked my ass.
Biz, I mentioned this story to you earlier.
This is pretty wild.
A lady got 5 million from Geico.
Yeah, this is nuts.
She caught an STD from her former boyfriend when they had sex in his car.
She got HPV.
She sued his car's insurance company, Geico.
They paid out a 5 million fucking payment to this woman for catching things.
Insurance companies hate to pay that shit i
don't know how she won that but five million dollars now i gotta ask you is there any number
number you would take to get an incurable std fucking broads who gave me the clap throughout
the day but that's not that's curable though i mean that's five million yeah that's i mean that's
pretty uh yeah that's i mean that's a big payout. I mean, that probably surpasses the one that I heard where somebody made 1.7 million from Winnebago
because it didn't specify in the manual that when you put it on cruise control, it didn't drive the actual one.
We talked about that.
We talked about that.
They went to the back to make a cup of coffee on the way home from an Alabama-Alabama State game or whatever it was.
Shocker, it was in one of those states.
Which one?
Well, I'm just saying like in a southern state, you know.
Colorado.
Colorado.
Yeah.
But that's a lot of dough.
I mean, holy shit.
But I think also, too, maybe because it's HPV.
In women, that's the virus that actually leads to cervical cancer.
So I was thinking that might be why the number is so high.
And also, guys, if you have parents all day, if you have daughters, man, there's a vaccine for that.
You can get a shot for HPV vaccine.
Oh, now we're back to the vaccine.
Well, no, I usually give men's health advice out here.
We have vaccine shit.
But, no, there's a vaccine for that to prevent it because that's how actually women get cervical cancer is from getting HPV first.
And at least we don't know that happens in guys.
But so I'm guessing that's why she got so much money because, you know, that there's a potential for that down the line.
So not to put a fucking bummer on the story.
How do you guys feel about that?
I mean, that's just weird, though.
I don't know how they prove it.
That's a look of let's just move on.
Yeah, I want it.
We talked about the NBA championship.
I mentioned it on the stream.
I want to give a shout-out to the Florida Everblades,
the Kelly Cup champions this year, East Coast Hockey League.
My old teammate, Nathan Perkovich, a member of the team, old war horse.
Congrats to them.
Congrats to Edmonton Oil Kings on a WHL championship.
The Hamilton Bulldogs.
That Hamilton bar was rocking.
Game 7, I think they won the OHL.
They were down 3-2 in that series,
and the hammer at Copse Coliseum was rocking.
It was cool.
They had the hammer with the nail thing for when they beat their opponent
and they brought it on the ice.
When was the Mem Cup?
I think the Mem Cup started now.
It's in the queue.
Okay.
It's in the queue. So. I don't know which team.
You got Hamilton from the O.
You got the Edmonton Oil Kings, who only lost one game after my little dance in the locker room.
Not a big deal.
I think that they lost Dylan Gunther, though.
Yeah, I did see that.
Their big prospect.
Yeah, he's a Coyotes prospect.
Coyotes, right?
Yeah, the young gunner.
Another bad break for the Coyotes.
That's, of course. Shocker.
Fucking another blow to the organization.
Fuck me.
So you know all those kids are listening.
Good luck, Memorial Cup.
Yeah, that's a big one.
We got the AHL, Colder Cup Finals, Chicago.
Springy.
1-1.
James Neal's on Springfield.
He's had a heck of a playoff, apparently.
The real deal.
Wow, on Springfield.
Also, too, I know they ended up getting knocked out,
but Stockton, they're they ended up getting knocked out,
but Stockton, they're going back up to Alberta.
They're moving the team.
Their last two games, man, they won both games in overtime to keep their season alive.
They ended up losing, but pretty good way for the team to go out.
They leave in Stockton.
The last two games, they won in overtime.
I mean, it sucks they're losing the team,
but they went out with a pretty good bang.
Where are they going in Canada?
Calgary.
Yeah, Calgary.
They're going to do both the AHL and NHL?
Yeah.
Yeah, it's so much easier.
I mean, man.
That makes so much sense.
The only thing that sucks
though is now you're
taken away from the hitmen.
So the OHL.
So there's always
a trickle down, of course.
There's a better ticket in town.
Yeah, you played in Stockton.
I saw a crazy tweet
where some kid that played there
was trying to say
when he arrived to sign there,
they gave him a map
of the gang territory or something.
Yeah, it's the word not to go.
Is that true?
Yeah, there's some rough areas.
It's a horrible, like there's a ton of violence.
It's not a good spot that you'd want a ton of young kids running around having a good time at.
Like the street that the rink's on is Corn Avenue or is that Bakersfield?
I don't remember the name of the street.
I think that was Bakersfield.
Yeah, it's not a good.
So, I mean, I think that from that perspective, it'll be good that they got out of there.
Maybe it is.
All right, last one here, Biz.
I showed you the video before we started.
I'm not sure if you guys saw it.
We talked, obviously, earlier this year about people bringing cats on the plane.
And you experienced it and you realized how miserable it was.
Well, on this flight, the cat got loose.
And the cat just on a fucking someone's back of the chair on the plane.
People videoing.
It didn't attack anybody.
It was just a cat.
But, like, this is why you don't bring fucking animals on planes.
Well, you said your girl is allergic to them.
Absolutely.
To her.
It's like she caught a hairball.
It could kill her.
Well, I mean, yeah, we can play that for the show.
No, like, she's very allergic.
Where it's, yeah, it's a fucking, it's more than a nuisance.
It's a pain in the ass.
Like, you get pet dandy. You fucking cough and sneeze and hyperventilate.
And then not just her, anyone else in the plane.
Keep the fucking animals underneath.
Fly on animal-only flights once again.
There should be animal-only flights, which is going to be awesome.
Do a little there.
What?
Do a little there.
Do a little there.
I'm starting Chicklets Travel Etiquette 101 or something.
Take all these problems away for a yard.
You should take a blog about it, given the fact that you're traveling.
Yeah, they gave out that little tip on the free carts.
The what?
The free cart.
The travel tip.
The travel carts.
They'll charge you 6.
Put your luggage on them at, like, Newark Airport.
But anywhere else in the world, most places, they're free.
But the scam is, I did a video when I left Newark.
You just go into the check-in.
Instead of buying, like, take this two-minute walk, go into the check-in.
Everybody that's already checked their bags just dumps them.
So you walk in, grab it, then just walk back outside to the sidewalk, load your bags.
6 cheap card.
Save 6.
And, like, the pain in the ass to do the transaction.
Whip out your card.
And then you're struggling with the thing.
It doesn't always come out. And then you got struggling with the thing. It doesn't always come out.
And then you got one with a terrible wheel on it, and you're like, oh, fucking sick.
So that's a little travel tip I made.
I should maybe do some more of those.
Actually, one more.
Buddy Stephen Che is going to be the fantasy football commissioner for Mike Trout's Fantasy Football League.
You didn't hear about this?
Yeah, I remember the story of the guy bitch slapping the guy from the league.
And I can't believe that because Che's basically such a football nerd.
What is his connection to that?
Those guys are so serious.
What's the guy's name?
He slapped him in the outfield.
Tommy Pham.
Yeah, Tommy Pham slapped that.
Who did he slap?
Pettersson?
Yeah.
Jock Peterson.
That Peterson was a fucking cartoon character through all that.
That was one of the funniest things.
The way they were talking about it.
I thought it was parody.
I know.
I know.
I thought it was completely fucked up.
But 10,000 to get in, so big dough involved.
But yeah.
I mean, not for that guy.
That guy's probably made 100 sheets already.
No, that's very true.
That's very true.
I think they asked Dave to be in it, and they said they needed a commission.
Dave's like, oh, I have the guy for you.
So they appointed Stephen Jay the commissioner of this.
I mean, Jay's hilarious. He's like, buy, I have the guy for you. So they appointed Stephen Jay the commissioner of this. I mean, Jay's hilarious.
He's like by the books.
He's suspending people.
They have no idea what they're going to be in for with this guy.
So anything else, boys?
I think that's all we got here.
Any final thoughts you want to add?
Tampa, game four.
Yeah, big one.
Tampa, game four.
Tomorrow night we'll be doing a live stream.
Shorty, thanks for coming.
Here's my barstool bets gambling prediction.
Game four is going to overtime.
Murley special.
We have not had a lot of that.
Can I call the Murley special?
Yes.
Plus 300.
It'll be plus 300, plus 350-ish.
If you look, last year there was 84 Stanley Cup games,
and there was 26 overtime games.
This year we've had now 86 games and only 14 overtimes.
Wow.
That's a big difference.
We're not getting the overtimes this year like we were accustomed to.
I know.
I feel like they need that.
And I willthe reason he has lost today, I was not drinking the Pink Whitney nips,
trying to rally them for the goals.
On Wednesday, I will be back on the Pink Whitney nips, trying to rally them for the goals. On Wednesday, I will be back on the Pink Whitney
nips for my team.
Jorzy, thanks for joining us.
Thanks for having me. Have a great week, everybody.
We'll see you tomorrow night in the locker room.
Peace.
