Hey, Spittin' Chicklets listeners, you can find every episode on Apple Podcasts,
Spotify, or YouTube. Prime members can listen ad-free on Amazon Music.
Hello everybody, welcome to episode 395 of Spittin' Chicklets, presented by Pink Whitney.
From our friends at New Amsterdam Vodka, here in the Barstool Sports Podcast family.
Well gang, this epic, unreal season is finally over.
We have a new champion, we're going to get to all that shortly. We're going to even hear from one of the guys on the team.
But first, let's check in with our team.
First, let's go across the pond to Sweden, our correspondent, Merle.
What's going on, my friend?
Doing great.
The weather is phenomenal over here.
I've spent the last two days in the pool with my daughter.
She loves it.
I've been sitting in the pool so much, Whit.
It reminded me of our days at the Hard Rock in Vegas.
That's how much pool time I'm getting. Oh oh yeah let's start with that you in your in the pool with
your daughter reminding you of us at the hard rock is a wild comparison i could just i could
just picture uh wit asking merles to douse them in spf 100 so he doesn't fucking burn that pasty
white skin over there right dude i was always looking
to get a burn red turns the tamp bitch and merles would be doused to me with hundred dollar chips
what's a midsummer over there what's that thing called yeah we had uh midsummer was friday so
basically the longest day of the year so they have a huge party everybody's dancing and drinking and
and i i flew right back from new york right
into that party but oh well it's a good thing you took it easy in in new york though yeah it was a
real smart idea to go easy till the last night when you have to travel 16 hours but uh i love
to how you had a couple responses from people as you were um you know making your videos during
game six uh and and they're like why is it light out you're like dude it doesn't get dark in the summer 4 a.m this is how it always is yeah that's how it always it's been
terrible trying to get back on schedule sleep but that time in new york with you guys watching the
finals was all worth it what was the pool at the hard rock you guys would go to was it the crazy
one rehab well rehab was on sunday oh my god that that that there was no water in that pool it was
just strictly urine yes come well that's why that that's why i compared it to the kiddie pool i've
been in the last oh yeah some couple couple logs floating around too baby ruth like hey wait were
you loving that rehab were you a fist pumper no dude i mean i was just out there just crushing
out of the big water bottles remember those things mer the big drinks we'd get yep get the
bottle service vodka yep they even had they had the swim up blackjack at the hard rock too we used
oh yeah oh i bet you love that one gee what do you ever do a swim up blackjack never have actually
never have i love it's actually pretty nice it's pretty nice it's kind of like uh you love that one. Gee, do you ever do a swim up blackjack? Never have, actually. Never have.
I love it.
It's actually pretty nice.
It's pretty nice.
It's kind of like you get that all-inclusive feel when you go down to, like, Mexico, but you get it in Vegas.
And then you can gamble on top of that and then mix in those.
What was the cocktail that you had at Chicklets Cup?
The TRX.
The 180 octane.
It was the Jack 3D 100 octane. It was the Jack 3D 100 octane.
The only problem with Swim Up Blackjack
is when you bust
out all your chips and you need chips,
you got to walk to the ATM, your suit
is soaked, you're dripping water.
But you can piss yourself when you
lose.
You can sit there and lose money
and piss yourself and no one will know the difference
because everyone else is pissing too.
That's the ultimate walk of shame.
Probably worse than the ones from the ladies the morning before.
That was the voice of our producer, Mikey Grinelli.
What's going on, buddy, down in New York City?
Yeah, what's going on, boys?
I got to spend a nice relaxing weekend back home with my family.
Even got to go up to Lake Winnipesaukee in New Hampshire for a few days.
So kind of rattled.
Still can't decide if I'm an ocean guy or a lake guy,
but regardless, still a great weekend.
You can be both.
Let's go out to the desert, the dirty desert.
Paul, Biz Nasty, Biznet, what's going on with you, buddy?
No more TNT?
You must have a little openness in your schedule lately.
I actually like that either or, Grinelli.
Lake or ocean.
And you can only pick one for the rest of your life.
As far as me, boys, the reason that we're recording here Tuesday morning,
I had to go on a quick work trip over to Vegas.
My lips are sealed.
It's a little bit undercover as to what I was up to.
Exciting news, though, when we can break it.
Yeah, we actually have two secrets that we're withholding from Chicklets fans,
and I hate it. And look at Grinnelli probably shaking his head over there. it yeah we actually have two uh two secrets that we're withholding from chicklets fans and i and i
hate it and you look at grinnelly probably shaking his head over there i can't even keep what
interviews we have in the bank from you guys and i know that that annoys him when i when i when they
squeak out of my lips because then you set the expectation that it's like biz we're not dropping
that interview and i got 20 people on twitter fucking begging me for it so i will no longer
be doing that yes i'm but uh great little surprise coming for you guys that way.
And then the other one will be unveiled at Chicklets Cup.
I know I've mentioned it a few times.
Everything from Chicklets Cup is coming full circle.
Live event, Lisa, the entire barstool crew,
everybody has this thing teed up on a platter.
We have, what, two or three live acts for that Friday now.
We got two the the
thursday at chicklets cup um it's going to be for people that are signed up and playing in the
tournament we're going to do registration in buffalo on the thursday and then there's going
to be a location that's provided to you guys via email all the people that got into the tournament
for that surprise that we're going to unveil. And we're going to give you guys the location.
We're going to give you  that's it.
That's all we're going to give you.
G, can we say the location right now for where the place after registration
to meet up and have a few cocktails is?
It will be at the Labatt Factory.
There you go.
And we're going to get you guys the address to that,
and then we're going to have a big surprise.
So other than that, got back late last night.
I don't know if you guys ever find yourself sticking in the car afterward
when you get home and just, like, listening to a few jams on loud in your car.
I sprint out of the car when I get home.
Oh, you don't stay in there for a couple minutes, maybe listen to some tunes?
No, I can play the tunes inside.
I don't want to sit in my stinky car after I've been in it on a travel home.
Well, I mean, it's probably only stinky because you're been ripping farts inside of it and then you figure if you want
to listen to a couple tunes on your own you probably have a madhouse if there's anybody who
would want to go to the car and get a little peace and quiet let me tell you something let
me tell you something merles is the only guy who could probably know what i'm talking about here if you are married with kids
and your wife sees you sitting in the car when you get exactly you're a dead man she might come
out and throw something through the car get the fuck out of here really what do you mean she's
like get inside help with the kids what are you doing sitting in your car buddy i'm not saying
you're going out and like with the food out of the microwave and like eating dinner in there alone i'm saying if you need a little 15 20 minute time
out listen to a couple tunes and i actually had a couple written down here like you know how you
when you got your ipod on shuffle and just a banger comes up that you never really knew was
there uh elton john take me to the pilot have you ever listened to that thing on full blast take me to the pilot which one's that exactly exactly it's called a sneaky banger ra and i
if you had a car actually you know what ra you rent an uber today ask him for the aux cord roll
the windows up tell him to crank a full blast and tell him to play elton john take me to the pilot
and it is an absolute and I was in the car just,
I felt like fucking Tina Turner in there.
I just had a, I didn't want to wake up my neighbors and put the boats on,
but I like doing it in the car and just getting a few out.
And then, you know, after a few minutes, you,
you do kind of like what mentioned feel like a bit of a loser sitting in the
car alone. So then you finally go out and up and heading inside. Now,
any sticking on that
topic you guys got any sneaky sneaky bangers you've been listening to lately i want to talk
about the cop yeah okay all right let's go back all right from the desert back to the boston area
gotta give the wit dog ryan whitney good to see you over the weekend my friend how's it going
yeah it was awesome i ran into ra we had a special uh day on saturday at jake tebow's
graduation party.
We had him on a few weeks back. It was it was a treat. R.A. showed up just a little bit after I did.
We couldn't get a babysitter. So we had Ryder and Wyatt were bombing around being menaces.
But honestly, there were so many great people there. We ran into Jack Eichel there, ran into Matty Beneers, current and future Seattle star.
It was awesome. I mean, Jake has so many good friends.
You can tell how much he means to everyone there. Seeing his parents are great. Seeing what they did
to his house to make it completely functional for his wheelchair and makes it so easy for him to get
around all the great work he had close friends do to help him get more, you know, make it easier on
him when he got home. And it was a blast.
I wish I could have stayed there later.
I think we were there about two and a half, three hours.
But with the kids, we had to leave.
How long did you end up staying?
I think I left about an hour after you.
I mean, I was on that Tempton.
It's like, you know, it's an hour drive, dude.
You have a couple of pops.
You get pulled over.
You go, I had one drink off.
So you can't.
It's like you got to go full or nothing. And, you know, I was like, bring a tent and sleep in the backyard.
I'll just stay for a few hours and go home i think maybe my next time i'll crash
already gets pulled over by the tsa agent yeah yeah already gets pulled over he's like i had
one beer the guy's like to his partner come here look at this guy his eyes are fucking bloodshot
oh mr trooper have you ever had a spitting chick let's tell i'll like every single piece of merch
and see hopefully they listen but that was a great time well said with and now because you Oh, Mr. Trooper, have you ever heard of Spitting Chick? Let's tell them. I like every single piece of merch.
Hopefully they listen.
But that was a great time.
Well said.
You just mentioned Bose.
Dude, one of the things that was awful on our West Coast trip,
or I should say Western Conference final trip,
I lost my Bose Sport Buds, man.
The little ones, obviously not these ones, the little ones that go in the air sort of like.
And I wasn't even using them.
They must have just fell out of my backpack.
I called both hotels. I called the airline, put them in a lost and using them. They must've just fell out of my backpack. I called both hotels.
I called the airline, put in lost and found,
and they haven't turned up yet.
So pretty bummed out.
I mean, if you leave anything in a hotel room,
you could call back the minute the door closes
and you're still in the hallway and it's gone.
It's gone.
They must have like a resale of the phone chargers.
Oh, well, actually sneaky little, little i guess what's the word not sneaky
travel hack travel hack oh if you forget your cell phone charger just ask the front desk for
the lost and found and there's 50 iphone cell phone chargers at every hotel so don't panic when
you forget yours they'll have one at the lost and found yeah someone between denver and edmonton
found a pair of bow sport buds. They're probably mine.
So one funny thing or fun thing, excuse me, we're doing is we're dropping that Mount Rushmore.
Myself and Witt were on it.
So we could add that can't hang out in the car after the age of 30 to the list when you get home.
Right.
No, no.
That's just a married with kids.
Not even just married.
Married with kids.
You can't hang out in your car when you get home.
But that has nothing to do with 30,
because if you're single without kids at 37 years old,
sit in your car, order a pizza, hang out there,
and just enjoy your car.
Go sit in the fucking car, Brian.
Get out of the house for a little while.
Or he's going to start living out of his car.
First, I got to get a car before I start living out of one.
Hey, thanks to everybody over down in New York doing the live
streams. Thanks to everybody who tuned in. We were at the
Gambling House in Holbrook, and then we brought it back to
headquarters. Thanks to everybody who hung
out with us, tuned in, all that good stuff.
We do also want to remind you that
Steph Curry has apparently joined the Pink
Whitney Club at the Boston Classic this weekend.
He took a couple shots of it, thought he
enjoyed it pretty good. I think he
had a little fadeaway action when he finished his shots.
It is the five times distilled vodka infused with fresh pink lemonade flavor.
Whether you're a stud hoops player or just a dude who likes to have some cocktails,
you got to head over to your local bar.
Make sure to order up some of that fine Pink Whitney.
Whit, what did you think of that when you saw Steph Curry
doing a little fadeaway with the old Pink Whitney nip?
I loved it.
I mean, I was actually  i got the video sent to me i was a little nervous because he's tasting it you know like
this guy i think i mentioned on one of the shows like i'm not even a basketball guy but how do you
not love steph curry and i said this before the pink whitney love but as he's sipping it he's kind
of you know you could tell his brain's working what do i like i was like oh no please don't say
you dislike it and and then before he even said anything someone said not bad huh and he just
said better than not bad that's dangerous i immediately said granelli we need a that's
dangerous t-shirt for pink whitney and then of course he just finishes it off with the fadeaway
i tweeted out i said lebron would have needed needed somebody to open up the little nip ball
for him that bitch so i was happy to see the best basketball player on earth
actually enjoying our drink.
I was maybe even a little surprised he hadn't tried it at this point.
It's been such a long, crazy run where it's been out on the market.
But nonetheless, the fact that Steph Curry is a guy who's kind of willing
to put his name out there as a fan of the drink,
it just made me just, I was just counting money.
Yeah, we're going to get him in the next commercial.
We're going to get him in the next commercial.
Time for Hardest Shot from Steph Curry.
Well, Merle sent a good tweet to him.
You can have a little more and do a sandbagger with biz and wit.
So it's pretty sick.
I mean, he played in the Barstool Classic.
So shout out live event, Lisa Riggs.
All the people that have made that classic so big.
You get Steph Curry in it.
NBA playoff MVP and four-time champion.
That's pretty unreal.
So I think that to get him in that and then get him drinking the Pink Whitney and pumping its tires, what a day for us here at Chicklets Nation.
Is he one of the best athlete non-PGA golfers?
Would that be safe to say?
Easily.
Dude, he played in a Corn Fairy Tour event,
and I think he shot 73 both rounds.
Like, he is a legitimate scratch, very, very good golfer.
So we're now a Steph Curry podcast.
What isn't that guy good at, I bet?
Biz, talking about Pink Whitney,
you're going to be revving up the jet engine once again
for a little tour this summer, correct?
Yeah, well, I'll be starting the trip off in Winnipeg,
and we're going to be giving everybody the dates and the locations out for this canadian western pink whitney tour uh we're going
to be making stops in manitoba saskatchewan alberta and then of course british columbia i
cannot wait so make sure you follow all the social media accounts um at pink whitney you'll get more
of the details and i'll have all the locations more than likely next
podcast so look out for that western canada very excited to touch down hopefully g ends up joining
me on part of the trip at least and uh we'll say hello i'll be there busy all right all right
another your second trip to western canada in your lifetime you've been to colonna beautiful city and
then of course wonderful Vancouver
and city baby all right that's it for Pink Whitney let's talk hockey wit what do you got for the boys
I got a I got a little mini dynasty coming to an end and maybe the beginning of a new one
honest honest to God I that team and what happened there and what they've been through
Merles has been on it from the start. You got to give the guy credit.
Biz picked him.
I just think that what we watched
and what we're about to see over the next few years
is something that could maybe even make
what the Lightning just did.
Like, what's the word?
Not not impressive,
but I think we could even blow that out of the water.
And three in a row, shout out to Lightning.
We're going to go into them in a little bit. We're going we're gonna let ra hop it to game six and what all went down but for me
and witnessing what happened with the abs and the interviews after and how many guys have been
through so many different things to get where they're at now it was just such an incredible
story and that's coming from a dude who thought the lightning would three pete yeah man just five
years after finishing in the nhl's basement with a measly 48 points the colorado avalanche of stanley cup champions for the first time in 21
years after squashing tampa bay's bid for a three-peat with the two to one game six victory
kael mckay added a stanley cup and a con smite to go with his norris trophy he already also has
the hobie baker and the call the trophy he's the only guy to ever win all five absolutely insane
just the third defenseman to win the Norris and cons might than the same
year.
Guy named or did it twice.
Guy named Lindstrom did it once.
He won the cons might unanimously got all 18 first place votes.
Just an incredible performance from the kid, Nathan McKinnon.
He was starting to get a little bit of criticism during the series.
Well, he stepped up when he needed to go in and assist,
put a stamp on the game on the series.
Shut up that criticism. He has the third best points per playoff game average after gretzky
and lemieux he said uh sid better be drunk at his party because he was the drunkest at sid's parties
uh nazem cadry couldn't tie his skates supposed to be a six-week recovery only it was a two-week
recovery for him he got out there of course scored the big goal a couple games prior uh we got to
talk about the moves joeackick made as well.
You know, went out and brought in Cogliano, Nico Sturm, Josh Manson,
Curtis McDermott, Dossie Kemper, Darren Helm, put all these pieces in place.
And also Jared Bednar.
This is a guy who paid his dues, man.
You know, put seven years on the coast with South Carolina,
five as an assistant, two as a head coach, then seven more in the A.
He's the only coach to win championships at all three levels.
And on top of that, he's a salt of the earth guy so biz let's go to you first see what you got
for us buddy holy fuck all right that was a great little breakdown i don't even think i need to talk
i mean just just sheer dominance of a season and rolled it into playoffs um you know sustained a
a few i guess a few important injuries that gerard injury when he ended up going down you know, sustained a few, I guess, a few important injuries.
That Gerrard injury, when he ended up going down, you know,
I was a little bit concerned, but fuck, did Byram ever step up?
And everybody did.
And I felt that a couple of the moves that they ended up making,
one a little bit earlier, that Nachushkin ended up having,
if he doesn't have the type of playoff he has,
and then as well as throw Lekanen in the mix,
those are two guys maybe outside the core group
where you expected, you know, of course,
the core group was going to elevate their game
and bring the noise.
But I just felt that those two guys in particular
outside the main core group really, really elevated
the play of the team to where there were just no weak links, boys.
Most games, just out-shooting, out-scoring chance the other team.
Sakic put together a fucking wagon,
and every move he ended up making in order to leverage part of what the future
might have held, he fucking hit it out of the park.
Like that Lekkonen move, and I know we joke around,
but when I was in Atlanta, when it ended up going down,
I was like, oh, Lekkonen from where?
But this guy, what a scouting staff to go find him
and get him for what they did.
An absolute puck hound.
But you kind of alluded to it.
I'm so happy for all these guys on this team.
I couldn't be happier for a group of guys.
Leading the way with McKinnon, just his fucking,
leading the way with McKinnon, just his fucking,
his like sheer competitive nature and the sacrifices he's made to get to where he has.
And I'm sure a lot of that, you know, Sidney Crosby has rubbed off on him.
It was funny that he ended up coming up in the post game.
And I don't know if you can correct me here.
I believe it was Coggs who went by and screamed in his ear.
He was like 87.
Cause he ended up getting lucky in the, in that the night before when they checked in,
he was in the hotel room, 1787.
And of course Cogs having a, you know,
a long past with, with Sid as well from their training days.
And it's just, it's awesome to see man.
And a team that just really, you know,
really well-deserved that thing.
And I'm looking forward to getting a couple of them on uh i know we had ej on and he does such a good
job of breaking down that core group and each guy and what they meant to him and you you already
touched on it but kale mccarr we're witnessing the best defenseman we've ever seen since bobby or
uh just a fucking one man show out there on the ice when he's out there one man breakout drives
offense recreating the defensive position for like the modern day NHL player so hats off to him I
can't really I could keep giving these fucking double wristers out I'm gonna look like Popeye
by the end of the episode with oh yeah it's it's it's there's so many different storylines to go in
and about Makar I mean you saw Landis Kog's interview
on the ice after.
Now, so many Canadian fans.
I know you had Kyle Bukowskis.
I think Elliot was on there.
But I didn't get to see it.
But, you know, we had Emily Kaplan did an unreal job.
In between her interviews, they had Chelios and Messier
with Steve Levy.
So it was awesome because I love those emotional interviews
on the ice after.
Eric Johnson was so good.
He actually had to sprint away.
We talked to him about it because they were taking the picture.
He's like, oh, I'm going to miss the picture.
But when Landis Skog's doing an interview,
and I don't know if this is one I saw from the Canadian broadcaster
when I was watching live on ABC, but they said, what happened?
How do you do this?
He said, go out and find a Kale McCarr.
I mean, it's like the fourth overall pick that year, you look at the draft.
I think Nolan Patrick went, went to, I think Heskinen went three Heskinen's a great player,
but I don't remember who was one that year. Jesus. I'm drawing a blank Murr. I don't know
if you can look it up or G, but that pick is turning out to be one of the greatest draft
picks of all time
because you're watching a kid who, Biz, you said it best,
he's changing the position in the modern-day NHL.
And we've seen Scott Niedermeyer being able to lead the rush
and get back into the play and be the first guy back easily.
And Lindstrom, I think he's the greatest defenseman since Paul Bior.
But what you're looking at Makar doing now, add in the physicality.
I mean, this kid is a truck. He's not somebody
that's kind of shying away from contact.
He's running people over. He's reverse
hitting people. He's just, EJ
says in the interview, he does things, you're like,
actually, Biz, I won't even ruin what you
said to him, but he said, I'd blow my knee out.
And I think that when you
see him turn
into the player that he's become,
that and McKinnon, and I know he needs a new deal,
but knowing how much he idolizes Sid and knowing how obsessed he is with winning,
McKinnon's going to take a little less.
I'll guarantee it right now because he's got his cup,
he's got plenty of money, and he wants more.
He's hungry.
And that's what the greatest thing about winning one cup is.
And that's what's so hard about these Lightning guys is you win one, doesn't matter you win two it's you want the next one and i was gonna say
about the lightning it's like when you lose that game the other night you know the the two cups you
won they're not even in your mind because you wanted the other one and and i and and we'll go
into them but the other thing about uh game six that i loved it and biz we were chatting at the
first intermission biz and I, you called me.
And I said, Nate Dogg's got to get going here.
He got run over by Stamkos.
I think he was getting frustrated.
He's maybe gripping the stick a little bit tight
because he hadn't produced offensively very much
in the beginning of the series or most of the cup final.
And it's like, he's trying to hit.
Merles and I were talking about it.
I said, he's got to get going here. And we were still on the phone in the and I were talking about it. I said, he's got to
get going here. And we were still on the phone in the second period when he sniped, I said,
there you go. There it is. And I had Tampa. So I was kind of a little bummed out, but I did keep
saying, I was like, I'm happy for either one of these teams. I'm really a fan of both of those
clubs, but Nate, Nathan McKinnon gets the big goal. He ties it up and he gets the assist to
on the Lekanen goal. And Lekanen was such a
big deal to bring in. I know I kind of was more into Manson, I guess, being a defenseman, knowing
what he could bring, how he's so physical, how he's a way better skater than people think.
But that Lekanen deal, I mean, you saw him play maybe one of the biggest roles on the team.
He was out there in every situation, the entire playoff. You could tell how much he met to that
team because of his PK ability. He's just a rat to play against he's so good and you you know montreal wanted to keep him
but with their rebuild it's like we got to get something for him so joe sakic um the other thing
too is landis kog and i i think that landis kog i know he's not the longest tenured av i think
that's eric johnson but he's been through a lot there, man. He was the youngest captain in NHL history when they named him captain.
And he's had a 10 year stint where there was moments.
I didn't know if he'd be back. I don't know about you guys,
but free agency came and, and you gotta,
you gotta give Joe Sackick a lot of credit because he kept, he,
he looked at this team and he, and he did not panic.
He did not get rid of guys.
He really thought this was the group that could get it done with a couple additions. He knew they could get it done. But if you were to look at
Landis Cog's game, right, not the fastest skater in the world. So when you're looking at giving a
guy a deal, he's 30 years old. What do we want to do here? He could have said, listen, he's the
emotional leader of this team. He's the captain. But I think we got to possibly move on. And he
didn't. And I know Landis Cog maybe took a little bit of a hit as well
because he wanted to win there.
But that guy is a true leader.
And I love how you saw the emotion of him getting the Stanley Cup.
And you think of McKinnon and Makar.
But without Landeskog, that team's not there
because he's been there from the very beginning.
He's been there from the bottom of the league,
and now he's at the top of the league.
So we got the chance to interview him once,
and you learned right away that this is somebody who a team can build around not just
with his play on the ice but who he is as a leader so I I just like there's so many different things
we can get into I just was so impressed that they were able to dig deep and get it done because
listen if they lost that game which it really didn't look like they had any chance to lose it
after the first period because Tampa couldn't even get the fucking puck back from them.
They were on such a roll.
But if they happen to lose that game, you're going you're going back home against Vasilevsky
game seven.
That's panic time.
Yeah.
So I think it's our souls ever.
Yeah.
The way they got it done on the road and the celebration after.
Oh, and the last thing I'll say about the celebration is I love seeing the they got
the wives on the ice.
I don't ever remember seeing that before.
Maybe I'm just totally like forgetting family and wives,
but you could see the emotion.
I think Landis Cog hugging his wife is just, you see, as a fan,
it's not just the players on the team that are winning this thing
because what family members give up and how little you're around and the wives are doing so much with the kids and you're just gone so often and they're
living and dying with every moment that you have as a professional and this as you're chasing your
dream and i think when those guys see that their wives or girlfriends and their mothers and fathers
it's like this is this is our this is our trophy like we did this, this is our, this is our trophy. Like we did this together. This is not me and my teammates without you and the people away from the
rink. I'm nothing.
And that's what was so cool about seeing those people get together and being
able to share this, this, this together, I guess.
Or, or,
or they're just giving them the same look that your wife gives you when
you're hanging out in the car.
She's like on the other side, cup runs over, cup runs over,
change a fucking diaper and wake up
with the kids i'm done and merles uh before we hand it over to you i mean we're gonna set up a
goal fund me for landis cog i know he took a massive pay cut to stay with the abs so hoping
that mckinnon does the same in order to keep this uh keep this wagon together merles you've been the
insider you've been riding him the entire time. In fact, you were probably the reason the organization turned around being the first 29 and then handed it over to Nate.
What did you see throughout this run? Well, just even the first game, I forgot to put the jersey
on and then they're down one, nothing. I had a, I had a sneak into my bedroom, pull it out. The
whole family sleeping in there and I put it on and I kind of went on a little rant because it was
McKinnon's fault. That first goal, he's running around and you could tell he's had
too much pressure on himself but put the jersey on the original 29 I'm pretty sure I'll have to
send it to Denver to put it probably next to like the replica cup in the stadium somewhere
but I read a great article on McKinnon how how he basically just took over on the pregame meals.
He got rid of the ice cream and chocolate sauce that, you know, all of us love.
He changed the pasta to chickpea pasta or something.
Hero act, Nate Dogg.
Yeah, he went all in. Guys were getting traded there and he was telling them, well, I don't know what you're here for, but we're here to win.
So you better get on board. I just completely took over that organization and got them where they are now.
And, um, he should probably, uh, he should probably, uh, start like a, a series, like the
biggest loser, just yelling in people's faces, having them change their diet, complete lifestyle
change morals. Yeah. And I know all that you guys carved it great. The one thing that rattled me about the celebration was,
yeah, I know the captain has to go get the cup first,
but maybe you can bring them up with you, the assistants.
But even then, McKinnon still didn't get it
until he was the fourth guy, I believe, to get it.
I don't think he cares.
I don't think he cares.
I don't think anyone cares at that point.
Yeah, I understand that. I understand you don't care, but it's just like, come on.
I know Cogliano is older and Eric Johnson's been there one year longer.
But actually, Merle's no more. Merle's wasn't in the interview with EJ. EJ explains it.
EJ explains why he got it first. So so tune into this interview.
And and he goes into a little backstory with him in Landeskog in terms of why EJ got it, got it first. But I know what you're saying. You're waiting for like the big dogs to get it. But I think, I think EJ then Cogs made a lot of sense to me with how long EJ has been there and Cogs over 1100 games. I actually texted Cogs, right? I was just texting him congrats and we were shooting the shit a little bit. And so we were talking about Makar and then, and then he said, Oh, he's unbelievable. He goes, Nate,
Nate yells at him during the periods. Nate'll just,
Nate gives it to everyone, right? You're not playing well.
McKinnon will fucking get in your ass and he's given it to my car at
intermissions. And he goes, and my car answers. Okay. And then Nate says,
okay, good talk, Kale.
Just like, you know, you know, I think McKinnon kind of got a little bit of a bad rap.
Members of Doroff was talking about him.
I think it was a Russian paper.
And he was talking about kind of how difficult he can be in terms of expectations.
And Jay.
Yeah, but like it's kind of what Jordan said at the end of that documentary.
The last dance is that documentary, The Last Dance.
He's getting very emotional.
He said, you could call me an asshole, but I fucking, I wanted to win.
And I never, ever, ever asked anyone to do anything that I wasn't willing to do.
And that's the cool viral moment of The Last Dance.
And I guarantee McKinnon was doing every single thing he was asking other people to do.
Yeah, he was yelling at himself in the mirror.
And Merle's just talking about diet.
He's talking about training. He's talking about training.
He's talking about first guy on the ice.
He's talking about every practice approaching it like it's a game.
And I know it sounds crazy to think, but there are some people, these elite level athletes who are willing to do anything, anything in terms of life management, in terms of thinking about the game nonstop and diving into hockey as your life.
And that's why I bring up family members because it's really hard.
I'm guessing I was never one of those guys.
I'm guessing it's pretty hard to live with somebody
whose their entire life is their career
and what they're willing to do to get to the top of the mountain.
So I know that McKinnon probably has guys who've been like down in the dumps
when they're not playing well and he's fucking giving it to him.
But what do you think those guys are saying now?
They love it.
And I also look at I look at when you talked about Sackick and you brought up the moves.
Devon Taves.
Oh, my goodness.
He took Lou Lamorello to the woodshed on that one.
Thanks, Lou.
Amarello to the woodshed on that one.
Thanks, Lou.
Take my second rounders and give me this frigging top 10 defenseman in the league that I could pair with the best defenseman in the world.
Thank you.
Bye-bye.
So the fact that those two were, were a pair all season,
it shows this team was, I guess,
unbeatable if you really looked at them on paper and it turned out to be
true.
I'm talking about the handoff to Nate dog handed off to Jack Johnson.
He's another guy we got to mention, you know, this guy, you know,
we talked about the story with his parents,
screwing him out of all of his dough and, you know,
him being kind of a whipping boy wherever he played and, you know,
analytics nerds shitting on the guy online.
He's getting, he's been a bit of a punching bag and he goes there on a PTO
at the beginning of the year, makes the team, you know,
what do you have over a thousand games played him and clogs two guys over a
thousand games played. Then he gets to lift the cup,
just a hot woman story for a guy who's taken too much shit in his career.
And, and that was really another, another name. I think we wanted to mention.
And then going back to cogs,
like that says a lot for a guy to get dealt over and be the third guy to get
the cup. That's like,
that just says what he provided to that locker room and just going through the
list of guys that they brought over,
all high character guys.
All guys they knew who were going to come slide in
and have an easy transition and contribute to hoisting that Stanley Cup.
So no doubt on that one.
And I don't know if you guys read that story,
and we'll get to it a little bit later in the EJ interview,
talking about Kael McCarr and how nice of a guy he is and maybe how simple of a guy he is.
I think Tave said, yeah, if he ends up winning the Norris, which he did,
I'm going to buy him an iPad as a gift because I guess he still just uses his
phone to watch Netflix on the flight.
That's unbelievable.
That's such a young kid move, though.
It's just like, oh, whatever.
I'll just use this.
I don't care.
Exactly.
I was like, how do you watch shit on your phone all the time?
I can see once in a while, but all the time.
Well, hopefully he got himself the iPad.
Man, that's unreal.
First time ever that somebody's won the Hobie Baker, the Calder, the Norris,
the Kahn Smythe, and a Stanley Cup.
And guys, like, I.
Drury did it without the. I guess he didn't get Kahn Smythe and Norris, the Kahn-Smythe, and a Stanley Cup. And guys, like, I... Drury did it without the...
I guess he didn't get Kahn-Smythe and Norris,
obviously, as a forward.
But he had the Holby Rookie of the Year in the Cup.
But that's wild, I know.
Thinking about all the defensemen
who've kind of won the NCAA title and the Holby,
and it's just...
This guy is a legitimate legend in the making.
Biz and Merles and R.A., I'll get all you guys.
Would you say... Would you say a fair?
He's got one now.
I think a fair over under for Norris Trophies is four and a half.
I was going to say four.
Give me a million.
Okay, so three more would be a plus.
I'm on the over.
I'm on the over that.
This guy, who the fuck is going to unseat this guy?
He's 23.
He's 23 years old.
And they got him signed, I think, for less than Nurse.
That's no offense to Nurse, but you're just thinking
of other young defensemen.
And he's on a great team.
He's on a great team.
That, I think, was the kicker of why he did beat Yossi
is because his team was the number one in the league
where Yossi's was, what, 15th or 16th.
So,
I mean,
the only guy I can even think close to him would be Heskinen and Dallas.
Who's not very good team.
And then I guess Fox,
Fox and the Rangers,
they're going to be good for a long time.
So maybe he'll give them the run.
And I love Adam Fox.
And I think Adam Fox could easily win another Norris,
but that,
that just shows like,
they're not even,
they're not even on the same planet to me.
And I actually think Fox will get, he's an 80.
His points, I guess, if you look at the numbers, that's the thing.
If you look at Fox and you look at Makar's numbers, it's one thing.
Then just look at the game.
You're like, oh my God.
It's like the people who've never seen hockey watch.
Who the fuck is number eight?
Why is he able to do that?
One thing we missed out on this year.
We didn't get the booze.
There was no Gary Bettman.
No, they still booed him when he brought up his name.
Right.
But not the vociferous booze we used to get.
And Bill Daly's like, really, guys?
The guy's he's on his deathbed with COVID right now.
Let's not boo him right now.
Fuck COVID got him, got him and the nba commissioner i think
they both didn't want to deal with the booze they get the kovid excuse yeah my stunt double had to
do it well my stunt double before i lost a few pounds anyways bill daly uh also too you mentioned
how the families out in the ice they've been doing that for a while they bring the media on the ice
which is a brilliant idea and when it's wicked cool to be part of that if you're covering it as
a media person just to see it you. Not everything gets picked up by camera,
so it's really cool to watch that, experience it,
and be a part of it up close.
Also, too, poor Phil Pritchard.
The team doesn't have the cup for five minutes.
Already dinged up right when they were going to do the group photo.
I think it was Obey Kubell dropped it.
Boom, huge dent in the cup.
Phil Pritchard looked like he wanted to cry before they even got the cup
off the ice, but I suppose that stuff's going to happen.
Also, too, we've got to give our hats off
to the dethroned champs, the Tampa Bay
Lightning. Hadn't lost a series since Columbus
back in 2019. Pat Maroon,
three cups in a row, and obviously
feel bad for the Worm. Lost three cups in a row
with three different teams. Thank God he had
the 07 cup with the Ducks to take away some
of the sting. Just a
tough thing for that guy.
And also, it's too long to play the whole clip,
but if you can see the interview that Cooper does with Weeksy, man,
just a terrific sportsmanship he showed.
And he said, I think I'll remember this team the most
of the ones that he's had the last three years.
So talk about no quit.
Holy shit.
Nuts.
I mean, I'm saying Cicerelli because we interviewed dino cicerelli
but sorelli he couldn't even move his arm dude the guy was so injured he couldn't even the fact
he's out there braden point even giving it a go in the playoffs after what happened in toronto
was one thing and just the the will that these guys had. I mean, two runs to the cup final.
You get the bubble you got last year, and they're going back.
They win an insane first-round series against Toronto.
They continue to go on and just, like, dummy the Panthers,
followed by a ridiculous comeback win against the Rangers.
And then they get to the final, and they win a game five on the road.
It's like that one game is, when you think of the Tampa Bay Lightning
in those three years and what they just did,
to go in, they could have laid down.
It was it.
We're down 3-1.
We're going back to Colorado.
Nope.
They put in the effort of a lifetime
just to get it back to game six.
And the thing is, in game six,
when I mentioned that they couldn't even touch the puck
when Colorado got going,
you could tell it was like,
they just had nothing left.
They had nothing left.
And they'd given it so much and so much effort. But the fact that they were still there and the fact that you saw the emotion in these guys' eyes as the game ended,
I think somebody went up to Vasilevsky and the camera panned to him.
You could tell he was despondent.
Like I said, those two cups, they didn't mean shit because we just lost one and i love cooper's cooper's cooper's interview with
weeks he was so good because you know that that guy understands what just happened because he
saw what they were battling through i think he mentioned like you have no idea what guys were
going through back there and so like to actually know that we could have easily shut it down.
Oh, we want two cops.
Let's whatever, you know, we're down to Toronto three, two.
It's not our year.
There was just such a zero quit in that team.
And I love how Cooper also mentioned like, this isn't the end of our run.
And I mean that who isn't signed there.
I mean, they, they got Hedman.
They got cooch.
They got point.
They got McDonough.
They got surrogate. They got Bazzi. What they got Point, they got McDonough, they got Sergachev, they got
Bazzie. What? They got to sign Palat,
no? Palat, excuse me.
Palat. Palat. So that's a big one.
But yeah, I just wanted to shout
out that team because you
watched
true greatness and it wasn't
even in a win because you see that a
team that's done it twice already was willing
to sacrifice that much. It just shows what that team's made of and why they won the two two to begin with
and i and i nobody i know nobody wants to hear it like with the injuries i would have liked to
have seen a healthy tampa bay go up against colorado i think it would have been i think
that would have for sure gone to seven and it would have been as lopsided as far as uh as play
in my in my concern as far as I'm concerned.
The point injury is a kick in the dick.
Cooch obviously was not 100.
My heart goes out to Paul and Hagel, the guys who came over who didn't win a cup.
You go through that whole run and then don't got nothing to show for it.
I tweeted out that it's a kick in the dick for Corey Perry,
but you guys mentioned he had the 07 Cup, so at least he's got one.
You're not seeing another Hosa-type situation
where he ends up fucking losing them.
But, no, you said it, Whit.
No quitting that team.
Unbelievable run and a great push and a very entertaining final.
Yeah, Nick Paul, man, he really impressed me.
The guy picked up from ottawa was it was
there like one of their best fucking performers as a forward the whole playoff so sure he's going
to be getting a nice payday his next did you guys see uh the the picture of nichuskin's foot
and like how i think he needed trainers to put his skate on he could barely he could barely even
move and the bruise is probably broken and like it's like those
are the little things that you think about and you understand like anyone every guy was playing
through something and some are worse than others but there wasn't one guy who walking to the rink
before game six in either team that felt great something's killing you and it that's why i think
when the cup comes out i'm always emotional watching it because it's like you. And that's why I think when the cup comes out, I'm always emotional watching it because it's like,
you know what these people are going through to literally live out a dream
that they've had since they were six years old.
And as safe as it felt, the abs winning that game there right at the end,
I don't know how many minutes it was left.
They made a cross ice pass and Kucherov got his one timer off from that same
spot and Kemper squeezed it. That goes in. It's two, two.
And as much as they were worn down, they were right there.
It was a great performance by them. They're unbelievable.
And like you said that, yeah, they're they'll be right back in it again next year.
I mentioned Kadri was supposed to have a six week recovery. He cut it to two.
He scores the overtime winner in game four.
Biz, I know you wanted to get into this a little bit somewhat of a controversy i guess that people thought that
there were too many men uh too many men in the ice cooper mentioned it in the press conference
and he apologized the next day because i want to go to you on this one i know you want to break it
so we we had the live stream and i think that everybody was looking at it like the point of
of this is the whoever wins this game is winning the series.
I didn't think that the Avs were going to blow a 3-1 lead.
An incredible game by Tampa, extremely hard fought.
You get Kadri back in the mix.
You didn't know how that was going to mess with the feng shui of the lineups and how the ice time gets distributed.
I think we can all agree on the fact that they were up 2-0,
that they probably held Kadri back from playing game three
to see if they could just kind of keep this thing rolling
and not have to use him given the circumstances.
I think it came out in a report.
Thumb broken in two spots, surgery,
and then from the date of the injury
to when he played in that game for 18 days.
Absolutely insane.
I can't even imagine what he got shot up with.
So then comes the controversy
we got to get to it and i don't i don't think it's controversy grinnelly i talked to you about it you
had a bit of an issue saying that it should have been too many men that's the type of change that
happens almost all game long if you end up with you so much on that too. That's what I'm saying. Okay. Okay. So going back to last year when Tampa Bay won one,
nothing against the Islanders,
a very,
very similar change ends up happening where you could list them off.
Seven guys on the ice.
Was the guy stand.
All right,
go ahead.
Sorry.
No,
no,
you're fine.
I know.
Hey,
I know you're passionate about this and I'm sure we're going to be able
to break the whole thing down.
What I didn't like about the abs player who was changing was the I know you're passionate about this, and I'm sure we're going to be able to break the whole thing down.
What I didn't like about the Avs player who was changing was he didn't make the effort to jump right away.
He got lazy with this change where it seemed like he got to the bench and then was like, okay, where's the door?
So by the time that Kadri, he did jump a little bit early. But as I said, you see this so much throughout the course of every
single playoff game if you started calling it the the way that you're saying they should have called
it you're going to have too many men penalties going left and right and at that point in the
game it's like you're in overtime so you've probably been letting it slide the whole game
you're not going to call it at that point now Now he gets sprung free on that breakaway ended up storming off he then apologized for it
the next day uh at his press conference saying that you know emotions were running high and then
after looking at it he kind of rescinded his original penalty or his original um uh thought
on it but wit you think that's too many men on the ice and that should have been disallowed? Yeah, I do.
And the tweet from Kaylee Mizzell, K-A-I-L-E-Y-M-I-Z-E-L-L-E.
I think there's close to a million views.
She writes, this is the most damning footage I've seen yet.
I don't even know what that word means.
Dude, Kadri, Nikushkin skating to the bench,
and he looks like he's coming to the bench, and Kadri hops on. I am almost positive. He literally
thinks he's hopping on for Nachushkin. Now, maybe he knows he has McKinnon, who ends up changing
himself, but it looks like, all right, when Kadri hops on, if you watch this video and Nachushkin were to change, no problem.
He hops on. Nachushkin then turns away from the bench.
He goes to center ice and then McKinnon comes into the picture and he's just gliding over there.
It was a very legitimate long moment of six skaters on the ice.
And I think because of that, it's like, man, if there's a guy at the bench and
you hop on, it's one thing. And I know you say this happens before it happened with the Gord goal
Islanders Tampa the year before, but I don't know, watch this video, dude. And granted it's in slow
motion, but it looks like Natchushkin's changing and Kadri hops on and he just goes right back
into the play. There's seven guys on the ice, including the goalie. And all of a sudden, McKinnon comes into the picture, just gliding to the bench. And I think with what Cooper has seen
in his time in the league, he had a right to be upset after that game. And I think the league
probably was disgusted at the way he handled his interviews. Like, I'm not even talking to you
guys. I could talk to you tomorrow. I'm heartbroken for these players. But when I saw a couple of
different angles, man, it's hard for me to say that I don't agree with them
because there is too many men on the ice.
And when you have that many guys on the ice
and you have certain players from Tampa looking around
and then Codgers busting through the middle
fresh off the bench, you're like, wait a minute.
I have this guy.
How's that guy open?
And I thought it made a difference.
Still, I don't want to take anything away
from the move Codger made
because to go under the triangle like that
and shelf, that was sick.
That's a move we've talked about a few times on here the last few episodes.
Working the triangle, baby.
Working the triangle, kids at home.
What did you make of it, Merles?
Did you think it should have been too many men?
I mean, come on, you see that play so much.
And going back to Cooper Quick,
I love that raw emotion right after in the press conference.
Hockey needs more of that shit.
And I'm also not saying he was wrong,
but I just figured going back to last year, Merle's,
when they ended up capitalizing on an opportunity
in which they had seven guys listed on the ice,
I don't know if you freeze the tape and slow it down
that you're saying that McKinnon's three feet more
to the middle of the ice,
more so than maybe the guys from Tampa
were in the situation against the Islanders.
It's definitely a tough call, but if you do watch the clips,
Tampa Bay was changing belligerently too.
They had six or seven guys on the ice. Watch that,
watch that part of the clip. So I understand the frustration.
Cooper knew exactly what he was doing with all those press conferences.
He's he knows that game and ship.
He's going to get some calls the next game.
And that's part of the reason of his greatness is,
is working the refs like that. And yeah, that call could go either way,
but you still got to stop.
Kadri he does under the, under the triangle and then he beats Vassie.
So.
All right. What did you, what did you think at all?
I know Grinnelli was very vocal about it in saying that he thought it should have been too many men.
That's because he bet Tampa.
It is because I bet Tampa.
During the game, I don't remember anyone yelling at the TV, too many men, too many men.
And usually that's indicative of someone noticing it because I know it was a live stream.
It was kind of hectic.
But I don't think anybody called it out right when it happened.
So I don't think it was that obvious.
And even Ryan McDonough said he didn't think it was anything.
It shouldn't have been called. Of course, Jared Bednar said it was. Did McDon it was that obvious. And even Ryan McDonough said he didn't think it was anything. Shouldn't have been called off. Of course, Jared Bednar.
Did McDonough say that? Yeah. Yeah. McDonough did.
He said it's something that happens.
Honestly, once a player in the game says it, I'm fucking done.
I changed my mind. Yeah. He said, you know,
it happens a million times like that. And Coop, you know, to his credit,
when he, when he apologized the next day and, you know,
he said, that's what happens sometimes when,
when you're getting someone right off the ice to that situation i brought up milan lucic a bunch of times and
you know when you stay in the human boston he's a guy who probably always needed a few extra
minutes to cool to cool off because you know you're going from the heat of battle and then
you got these microphones in your face and sometimes it's tough just to get in that to
that mode so you know coop's a good guy obviously didn't mean well he apologized when he probably
didn't even need to uh but all, I had no problem with no penalty.
And in some cases, they say that they're going to get up and walk away
because he's saving himself the fine with the mouthful.
I'm sure he would have probably laid into the officials with maybe a few F-bombs
inserted in there.
Now, Grinelli, you also thought that that played a part
because we hadn't talked until, I believe, after game five.
And I do think that that played a part in the fact that i feel like tampa was getting away with uh
with murder in some cases there was a big trip on nate dog that was missed so you could definitely
see that uh you got the they got the advantage and they got too many men on the ice and colorado
got too many men on the ice people were's power by Cooper. Yeah, yeah, exactly.
He's playing the puppeteer act for sure.
So definitely a different storyline in there.
And then, I don't know, I guess you kind of already touched on it.
We were going to go to game five with,
but it pretty much embodies exactly what that Tampa Bay team
and their core group and the way that they're able to battle
and handle adversity.
And that's the reason why they went back-to-back.
They went down with a fight.
And I do hope that they're able to get some rest and recover this offseason,
and I hope we don't see the end of them.
You could see a situation like Edmonton went two in a row,
missed one year, and then went two in a row.
Man, they still got that core intact.
So all the credit in the world to them and Coop.
And he's going to have to wait for Phil Jackson status.
That goal, of course, is very reminiscent of Patrick Kane's cup winner back in 2010.
I mean, only a couple of people seem to like know he actually scored.
And then did you see Stamkos go over and like, like knock the puck down?
Yeah.
It's like nobody's going to know.
There's no video replay.
Yeah.
You got to appreciate the effort on that one.
But in that last frigging what,
10 minutes,
20 minutes of that game is prison rules.
Game four,
absolute prison rule.
Game five.
Uh,
no,
the,
the last life.
Yeah.
Game five,
but particularly game four,
man,
they were,
I mean,
there was so many uncalled penalties,
which is,
it was kind of refreshing to see given,
given the way things have gone.
So lower the page.
Did you guys have any other,
any thoughts on game five? You wanted to share, or did you want to maybe send it over to eric
johnson or what i think we can throw it over to ej all right okay i know we can tidy up the series
after that but yeah i think it's it's time to send it over to eric johnson first one i'll let you
know that his interview is brought to you by our friends at roman what would you want to last longer
summer nights playoff overtime nights with the fellas or the gals?
Well, Roman wants you to last longer in bed.
340 better in bed.
Roman swipes are the secret to longer lasting sex.
Roman swipes are uniquely formulated to reduce overstimulation without eliminating sensation altogether.
The more consistent you are with the swipes the longer and better your
sex will be the swipes are super easy to use you take the swipe out of the packet you apply it you
let it dry for five minutes and then you enjoy longer lasting sex so go to get roman.com slash
checklets to get ten dollars off swipes when you choose a monthly plan and now we're going to send
it over to new stanley cup champion eric john And now we're going to send it over to new Stanley Cup champion,
Eric Johnson.
Man, we're very thankful this guy was able to make some time for us
on such short notice.
Sunday night in Tampa in his 14th NHL season, in his 12th in Denver,
he became a Stanley Cup champion when the Colorado Avalanche won their
first Stanley Cup in 21 years.
Thanks so much for joining us on the Spit and Chicklets podcast.
Stanley Cup champion, Eric Johnson. Congratulations, for joining us on the Spit and Chicklets podcast. Stanley Cup champion Eric Johnson.
Congratulations, my friend.
Oh, it's my pleasure.
I appreciate you guys taking the time to have me on.
Absolutely.
I saw you woke up with a stranger in bed today,
a 35-pound silver stranger, namely.
Oh, that was a good one to wake up to, that's for sure.
I've had some worse ones, but that was a good one to wake up to.
I thought that was posed i thought you
were still up from the night like all right i gotta pretend like i woke up i haven't slept a
wink the old slump buster man honestly like we i think most of us went to bed around 7 30 and then
i like i couldn't get to bed it was just we were on such a high you know from winning the cup and
i think i slept 90 minutes and then i got a knock on my door and landy was
butt naked with the cup in the hallway
it was a nice nice morning delivery oh man you needed that size to probably cover the wrench
he's got the fucking guy's got everything that man missed now he's got the ring and he's got
the fat fucking contract hey he's got everything but a skate blade at one point in the biggest part of the game biz but he was crawling off the ice oh man what a stud he is
yeah it was it was it was a nice delivery that's for sure this morning so did you have any idea
you were going to be the first guy to get handed it like that's fucking that's so awesome dude and
well deserved thank you yeah i i did biz uh Landy you know I think it was I think
it was even after the year that we finished last he goes you know when we win this thing I'm I'm
giving it to you first and you kind of think in the back of your mind like yeah okay you know
whatever like you know it's so hard to win you never really know if it's going to happen but
and he kept saying and kept saying and even
throughout the course of this season he was just like when we win it i'm giving it to you and it
was just amazing just he's such a great guy and um we're he's one of my best friends uh he always
makes fun of me and said i was the last cut for his wedding for a groomsman so um he's uh but i'll give you the cup yeah he's one of my
great boys so i was super special to share the moment with him definitely i i've known you a
long time and seeing the interview that you gave after i think to emily caplan uh for you know the
united states feed it was just i felt so happy for you and and to to hear you talk about almost
retiring and what you've been through and the last place finishes.
Try to take me through your mind as like as it all happens.
I see you with McKinnon. Are you just are you even thinking yet?
Like, I cannot believe this. Are you just completely in celebration mode?
Like it took you it took you a while to become so thoughtful, I thought, in those answers.
Yeah, I mean, I wanted to give I wanted to give an answer that, you know,
just wasn't the cliche hockey answers.
I really wanted to make it come from the heart, and I think, you know,
you really have to reflect and think to make sure that you do that.
And for me, I just, you know, it's been such a career of ups and downs
and, you know, some faults of my own, some faults of bad luck,
some faults of just, you know, the way that your hockey career unfolds.
But I just I really just wanted to reflect on what had happened and kind of take it in.
And, you know, you always kind of dream about that interview after you win the cup of how it's going to feel, what you're going to say.
And, you know, I think it sounds better in your head.
And then, you know, you're never really sure how it sounds when it comes out.
But I haven't listened to it or watched it yet.
But, you know, I had a lot of texts where, you know, people said that, you know, they were crying and it brought them to tears and just moved them.
And, you know, I didn't try to do that.
I just was trying to speak from my heart and how it really felt in the moment.
And, you know, I'm glad to hear that it captured that.
Biz, I feel right now like Gretzky when he got traded.
I told Biz I wouldn't do this.
I'm getting emotional listening to you tell this stuff.
And that's why the other scene that I loved was your parents.
Was that the first time you saw them when they interrupted that interview?
I saw them in the stands because I was asking Brendan McNicholas,
our great PR person, where they were sitting and he pointed me to where they were. So I got to wave
to them before I lifted the cup. So when I lifted the cup, I knew where they were. I knew where my
girlfriend was sitting. So I knew where they were all at. So that was super cool. And yeah,
I mean, they've stuck with me all the way. And like I mentioned in some of the interviews, just that's what it's all about.
You surround yourself with people that believe in you.
And if you believe in yourself, what else really matters, right?
So it was nice to share that with them.
Talk about sticking with it. You guys were dead last in the league five years ago.
You ended up getting kind of screwed on the on the draft get fourth overall and with
that pick you guys get kale mccarr and at this rate this guy looks like the next bobby or what
is it like being on a team with this guy what do you think the ceiling is and and i'll just let you
run with that yeah man i mean i you run out of words to describe him. He's not like a real person. Nobody that good is that nice and that humble. You know what I mean it's just he's just such a stud and like you know what he does
out there you just shake your head sometimes like people shouldn't be able to do that like I watch
him do that and I'm like my knee would explode if I tried to do like half the shit he does you
know what I mean it's just and it has oh fuck a couple times like it's uh it's just crazy like
he he's he's such a great guy.
He's so humble.
He's the best defenseman in the world.
He looks like he'd be your science tutor buddy.
It's like, who is this guy?
Harry Potter.
He's the man.
I'm so proud of him because nothing gets to his head.
I don't know what his ceiling is.
How can he get much better than what he is now?
He's maybe the best player in the world.
So it's awesome.
Happy for him.
EJ, your embrace with Nate Dogg was great.
It looked like that Vancouver couple during the riot a few years back.
And you can see the raw emotion in your face.
How psyched were you for the Nate Dogg having such a huge hand in the
clinching game?
Yeah.
We're 69 out there.
Yeah, we're a missionary out there for sure.
No, I mean, I'm so after him because i just know how invested he is like
nobody really knows behind the scenes what this guy puts into his craft i mean he's got a full-time
body therapist that lives in denver that moves here from calgary he's got a personal chef he's
got he's got so much stuff going on that really rubs off on guys and he just drags into the fight
you know like he's he'll shoot you that look and you know it doesn't matter who you are whether
it's me or it's gabe or it's anyone you know he's he's not fucking around he's there to win he's all
business and even in practice i mean you you fuck up a rep in
practice i mean you're getting your you're getting your head chewed off you know and it just brings
everybody's level up and uh you know i'm happy for him because you know these are special people
like kale's a special guy needs a special guy gabe's a special guy and you look at these guys
and they're you know they're just a different breed and that you know they deserve to win and you want to fight that much more for those guys
i uh i texted cogs this morning because as i haven't played with him i could tell how much
everyone loved him just from the experience i had with him like i once you meet a guy like that
like anywhere that guy goes he's gonna be one of everyone's favorite teammates.
And I think you handed it to him, correct?
Yes.
And then he turned around.
It was an unreal picture, an image of like the whole team was just so fired up for him.
So can you explain to the people listening like how meaningful it was to see him win after the long career he's had?
And he got screwed on that Ironman streak, too.
So he's been through a lot.
He did.
I mean, I think the best part is watching everybody else with the cup.
That's by far the best part.
And I've known Cogs a little bit just training with him in the offseason. And, I mean, what he did for our team in the short amount of time that he was here
had a huge impact.
I mean, you know, sometimes it takes a little while to get acclimated to a team,
but he fit right in.
And, you know, he actually called a meeting the night before game six
just to get all the guys together and get everyone's thoughts out there.
And he stood up and spoke.
And I think there were tears in guys eyes from what he said
and that hearing from a guy like that you know how much it means to him I mean he broke his finger
and had surgery and he I think he played a week later I mean just the the grind that he went
through to get it done I was proud of him because you know you play with them and um you like I said
you want to win for guys like that
because you know it's so hard to win and i was telling our young guys are rookies i'm like you
you look around and you soak this moment in because you don't know if you're going to be back
if you're lucky this happened your first year we've been waiting 15 years so you know to to
win for guys like that means a lot uh eric there's a video you going around you take a sort of a
final lap on the ice by yourself with your cell phone.
What was going through your mind doing that?
I needed to just get a moment away.
I couldn't see with the fucking champagne in my eyes.
Me and Gabriel were out there, and we FaceTimed a couple of our close buddies
because I had a couple of buddies at the game,
and they couldn't get down to the ice because we didn't have enough family wristbands.
So I was just telling them, meet me at the hotel.
We're having a party at the hotel. so it's kind of just a moment to
unwind and reflect and um yeah it looked cool on the video but it was kind of just you know it was
like your kid and you know you just finished a game of pond hockey and you're just cruising out
there with your buddy so it was pretty pretty sweet. DJ I don't know if you had a chance to hear the the quote from Kadri uh basically all the doubters who are doubting him in Toronto can
kiss his ass uh you mentioned uh playing through injury with Cogliano with his broken finger
another guy who had to get surgery came back from it has that huge uh overtime goal uh in game four
what did Kadri coming over mean to your team what's he like behind the
scenes and and it was pretty special to watch yeah it is i mean he's just a gamer i mean
i kept going down the line i'm like we don't win the cup without this guy we don't win the cup
without this guy we don't win the cup without this guy you get to naz and you really don't
win the cup without this guy and i mean he he broke his thumb in two places, had surgery,
and he played in like 18 days.
I mean, he should have been out another five weeks.
Like, what these guys were doing to get ready to play,
it was just unbelievable.
You know, they're in the doc's office before the game getting numbed up.
You know, they're getting the shots and, I mean, all legal stuff,
but just  and, I mean tampo is doing the same thing
they had guys bound for injuries but naz like he he should not have been playing like there's just
no way he should not have been playing and uh the goalie scored in game six sorry game uh four um
he's just a gamer i mean he's gonna get paid this summer and he deserves it he's just a gamer I mean he's going to get paid this summer and he deserves it
he's just I mean what a stud
he's just got that swagger about him
you know what I mean he's just kind of
he oozes that confidence and rubs off on guys
I look at
like Jack Johnson too
because I remember
I was seeing or hanging out with
David Quinn at BU who I think
was coaching the national program when you guys were there.
And Jack's a year older than you.
And I heard about him first and I asked him about him.
He's like, yeah, he's incredible.
You got to see this other kid, another Johnson, a year younger than him.
So come full circle.
You two are battling it out together and get your first Stanley Cup.
And, you know, he's been through a lot.
Everyone knows his story and it's been unfortunate.
So to see him win and having known him for as long as you have like explain that
relationship a little bit yeah I mean I've known Jack since we were 15 he's a year older than me
I looked up to him um obviously his story's well documented and uh you know not not any fault of
his own for sure I mean just a shitty story and uh you know he kind of not any fault of his own for sure. I mean, just a shitty story and you know,
kind of ups and downs too. And you land on your feet. I mean,
he came in on a PTO this year and I mean,
he was playing top four minutes for us at one point. I mean,
he really was a key piece to what we were doing. And when we won,
when we won and then, you know,
everyone has the cup and everyone's taking pictures.
He found me across the ice and he goes,
I want you to come take a picture with me with the cup. This is like,
I really want to, I really want to take a picture with you.
Like this means a lot to me. Like, you know, so that, you know,
I brought a tear to my almost just cause you know,
I knew it meant a lot to him that we did it together. So, you know,
special moments are better when you share it with special people. And that's kind of what we, what we did and what. So, you know, special moments are better when you share it with special people.
And that's kind of what we, what we did and what we all, you know,
had the opportunity to accomplish together.
Who was drunkest last night?
Frank, Frank Suze by far.
Yeah.
I'm telling you like Landy's having this, this speech in the locker room.
Like I'm so proud of you guys. We did it. And then
Francis left field.
We're going to win it again next year too.
It's like, dude,
let the captain have his moment.
You know what I mean? It's just like,
oh, it was so funny. But
another guy, you know, you go down the list.
Fuck, you don't win the cup without him.
I mean, he didn't win the playoffs for us.
EJ, I know you mentioned you almost retired last summer.
Just how close were you to retiring,
and what was the draw that made you come back for the next year?
Yeah, man, I mean, I was sick and tired of getting hurt,
like sick of it.
I couldn't buy, I couldn't catch a fucking break.
You know, I'd go off for a routine block shot, break my leg,
fall on the boards, break my kneecap, take a bad fall, concussion.
I mean, I know other guys guys everyone goes through their injuries but it was like fucking two years boom
boom boom eight weeks 12 weeks couldn't play in the playoffs having my best season couldn't play
in the playoffs so then the concussion I felt like shit all year and uh I turned the corner in July
I was like I'm only playing in Colorado.
I'm only playing here.
I don't want to play anywhere else.
And, you know, there was kind of a question mark whether that was going to happen.
You know, it's tough.
Like, I could see Joe's situation.
Like, how can you rely on this guy?
He's had a ton of injuries.
Like, you know, he really only plays 60 games a year with all his injuries.
So I got his perspective.
He called me in July, and he's like, EJ know what if you're healthy we need you and that kind of gave me the fucking spark and kick in my ass where
you know I was getting ready to play but I was starting to feel better and then I really turned
a corner and um I owe a lot to Joe he really stuck with me and um you know five years ago we were
last I went to him I said I I want to be a part of the solution please please please let's get this done together and he said i can't make any promises which you know wasn't the
greatest thing to hear but uh it's all it's all fun now right i mean it's just amazing feeling i
could die happy hey even when the expansion draft was up did you volunteer yourself to be unprotected
so they could even keep some of their young
pieces intact?
Yeah, I mean, Joe came to me and he's like, would you wave?
And I said, well, Seattle would be crazy to take me, right?
Like I didn't play all year.
I had injury troubles.
I was, you know, I've come from my own skin.
You know, I'm an honest critic of myself.
I know what I am, who I am.
And, you know, I just said, just said sure you know what if it's
gonna help the team out i'll do it um i didn't think seattle would take me uh thankfully they
didn't thankfully i came back and played uh even my dad asked me last summer he's like are you
really gonna go back and play again i was like you know what i i'm feeling that pull like something's
pulling me back you know like get that fucking that pull that you know like something's pulling me back, you know, like you get that fucking pull that, you know,
that something's eating at you. Like you gotta do this.
And unfinished business. You'd never, you'd never forgive yourself.
Oh, exactly. I mean, man, thank God it all worked out. You know,
you're just stars aligned and you get lucky.
And how much does Bednar play in a factor of how much guys also love showing
up to the rink? Cause you talk about a player's coach, you see his postgame press conferences
and how calm, cool, and collective he is all the time.
I don't know if he's ever snapped in the locker room.
Seems like he hasn't, but he just seems like the best guy ever.
Yeah, he is.
I mean, he's got that blend, right?
He's got the balance of players coach. And you know,
if you're not playing well, it'll give you a kick in the ass. And you know,
I went up to him last night. I'm like, so you've won three titles now, right?
The coast, the AHL and NHL. And he just, he didn't say anything.
He just went, I'm like five titles. And he's like five titles.
I'm like, okay, congrats, man.
That's awesome. Couldn't take the compliment of the coast, the a and the NHL.
He's like, no, I got five. I'm like, all right.
Yeah. He's got a dad of the year from his kids and a year from his wife.
I was laughing. I'm like, all right, he's got five times.
But honestly, I read that he's the first coach in history to win all three.
So he's a winner, right?
I mean, that just doesn't happen by mistake.
You got to really be dedicated at your craft and know what you're doing
and push all the right buttons at the right time.
And he has.
I got one more for EJ.
I know the Blake 182 song's been all the rage, all the small things,
but I couldn't help but notice when you were raising the cup in the room,
a little Dancing in the Moon moonlight, an old school song.
Where'd that come from?
So I started listening to that.
My buddy got married last summer and that was his first dance song.
His wife. And I was like, this song is fucking awesome.
Like you got to implement this into our locker room somehow.
So it wasn't lively enough to be our wind song.
So we had, we had heat waves, which is so cool.
Late nights in the middle of June, I'm always thinking about you,
whatever the line is.
It's all about the cup, right?
So then I was playing Dancing in the Moonlight right after that
all year long.
I just think it's such a cool old-school song, and I was jamming to that.
It was kind of my anthem for the summer last year,
and I'm going to play it a bunch this summer too.
Nice. Love to see it.
So I know you've got to run.
I think your uncle, he says, is on TV or something,
but just give us quickly before you take off,
what does the next 48 hours look like?
Do you guys know what's up for tonight?
Besides getting crushed, I'm talking about where.
Yeah.
Honestly, so we were setting up our party tonight and we're
calling around all these bars me and gabe and his wife and they're like we can't go anywhere because
they're all sold out of alcohol so denver drank this fucking town dry last night there was like
one place we could go to in all of downtown that could fit you know 200 people so this town's out
of fucking booze which is fucking awesome right so um yeah so we're excited it's gonna um i think
we're gonna maybe head out for a boy's trip to vegas maybe in a couple days and uh we're just
gonna soak up probably get that call right now buddy well deserved congratulations you guys
deserve it and maybe
we'll have to pop over to Vegas to
fucking enjoy the festivities
please do you guys are welcome I really appreciate
you guys having me on good catching up
with you hopefully we run into each other
our pleasure pal
congratulations have a great one alright thanks boys
wow huge thanks to Eric Johnson for joining
us we're lucky to get him in such short notice.
And what a hilarious interview, too.
He had us in stitches, man.
Guy's got some personality.
And congrats to him.
Well-earned.
And just interesting, he almost came back close to retiring,
came back and wins the Stanley Cup.
So I also want to thank you.
Morales, I wish you were a part of that,
because you had told me after.
He's a horse guy?
Yeah, he's a big horse owner.
He's got one named biz nasty
is he owner of that one yeah he's got a he's got a horse named biz nasty yeah i've seen him up in
saratoga a couple times so it'll be interesting if he's up there this this summer again maybe
he'll bring the cup and have his i was just thinking he might bring the cup there i know
he's got a horse landis cog landis cog. More like Landis Hog now.
Holy shit, dude.
Imagine that, waking up to him with the Stanley Cup
with his fucking schlong hanging out.
He should start an OnlyFans.
He can make up for some of that money he lost
when he signed with the Abs.
He doesn't have to start the GoFundMe.
I heard...
Oh, okay.
Sorry.
I was going to say, his interview was also brought to you
by BodyArmor, because today's athletes deserve
more than just your grandfather's tired,
old, salty sports drink, which is full of artificial dyes.
At the Body Armor, with potassium-packed electrolytes, antioxidants,
B vitamins, plus no artificial sweeteners, flavors, or dyes,
Body Armor sports drink provides hard work and hydration.
I'm a big fan of the old strawberry banana, but I like them all.
And Body Armor is going to be at the chicklets cup is our hydration partner.
So make sure you stop by the hydration station while you're out there,
get loaded up, stay hydrated.
Body armor helps today's athletes stay on top of their game.
Body armor.
It's available for purchase in store and on Amazon now.
And you know what else is available for sale?
Columbus championship merch in the barstool store.
Gee, we got all kinds of good stuff for the
fans colorado not colorado columbus playoffs this year all right and we were riffing right before
that have another one all right have another one hey uh merles what were you gonna say before
ra cut you off so everybody could stay hydrated um i was just because you were talking about
landis skag i heard a great interview of how he grew up at in 10 11 12 13
whatever however many years old before he left for canada he had a huge colorado avalanche poster in
his in his bedroom growing up did he yeah and it was only fitting that he he got the drafted by
there and and then he finally brought the stanley cup back there i thought that was a great story
because you don't hear much about like the swede There's 30 teams they could pick, but I'm sure he picked it
because of Forsberg, but I thought that was incredible. Was that who was on the poster?
It was all the Avalanche. I think it was a Stanley Cup team
or something like that. So it was pretty cool. Guys, real quick.
So Ari mentioned Chicklets Cup there and that body armor read.
How soon is too soon to reach out to Pat Maroon to play on the Barstool
team.
We jumped up a couple of divisions.
He played after last year's cup.
We need some help.
We lost Rudy.
We lost rigs.
We lost Patrick sharp,
like a week,
two weeks biz.
What's your,
what's your thought on that?
I actually texted him post game in order to join us.
So I haven't heard back from him,
but maybe I got the wrong number
or maybe I was blocked for that reason.
So Patty Maroon, listen, it's never too soon.
He's won three Stanley Cups.
If there's one guy we're not going to feel sorry for here,
it's fucking Patty Maroon.
And if he wants to hop back on the wagon to join a championship team,
join the Barstool roller hockey team.
Because I tell you what, if I needed a guy for foot
and for the ball hockey division,
he would definitely be on my squad.
So I'd say you can reach out to him anytime.
I'll shoot him a text right now, Biz.
Try to catch him on the end of the season bender right now.
You know, drunk promise always is a good way to get someone.
Oh, yeah.
Hold him to it.
A couple other notes here, too. I mean, going back to Macaz, 29 points is the fourth most by a defense way to get someone. Oh, yeah. Hold him to it. A couple other notes here, too.
I mean, going back to Macaz, 29 points is the fourth most by a defenseman
in the playoffs.
He had 60 points in 54 games.
That's the third fastest ever for a D-man in playoff history
after Bobby or Leach.
And we actually saw him swear.
This is a guy we didn't know he was capable of swearing.
I think he called one of the refs a fucking joke.
He was going on a breakaway.
Looked like he was clearly hooked or jostled in some way.
How about EJ
mentioning how Cale's the nicest guy
in the world? What do you think he snaps
about off the ice?
We've seen him snap on
the ice a few times about calls, but
he says that he's pretty much unrattable
off the ice. He seems like
one of those guys that watches
network CBS,c shows with
no swearing and commercials and like maybe he's just like one of those guys when when what's that
show about the family modern family like maybe he's pissed off when phil does something like i
don't see that guy getting upset at anything normal maybe when they do a rerun of big big
bang theory and yeah exactly exactly he's one of those guys who watches those shows.
Sheldon young Sheldon.
What do you think a kale McCarg snaps about what gets him rattled?
I haven't really thought about that.
I get all my insight scoops from his coaches at UMass,
but I always am looking for the hockey scoops on them.
I'll have to get back to you on that.
I'm just a totally different guy than that guy.
I was not good at hockey.
You drank a lot.
I swear a ton when I play, which I finally figured out this year.
Like, I swear way too much.
So I'm the wrong guy to ask.
I'm the complete opposite of Kale McCarr.
Because usually when you get guys that nice,
they got something behind closed doors that's fucking going on that shady so he's like the ned flanders at one point
he's gonna snap about something or or maybe he's up to something behind the scenes too too too nice
to be trusted all right yeah well he did get pissed on the ice that one that one clip there
business when he was coming down the breakaway i'm not sure look like someone got a hook on him
and looks like he's barking at the ref so you you're a fucking joke, it looked like he said.
So he does get a little bit of that side in him.
We don't see it too often.
But I don't know.
Maybe he gets pissed when his fucking phone's not working.
He can't watch enough.
Yeah, maybe.
Maybe when he doesn't have a full charge for the flight.
And maybe that's why they got bent over in game five on officiating.
Because Kale McCarr, a couple years in the league, just swearing at officials.
So the next Bobby Orr needs to tone it down out there.
How much time, how much are we going to see
Coop and like future gifts of making it rain during the game?
I think before the end of the game,
I saw about 200 uses of it already.
Pretty, pretty funny stuff.
You know, you just catch somebody.
Somebody said like NHL GMs come free agency
to big, slow defensemen who are liabilities.
And there's just like you.
Yeah, exactly.
Exactly.
A few other I feel the notes from the series to the abs finished with the power play of thirty two point eight percent.
Like I mentioned last show, they're going to be just one of four teams to ever finish over 30 percent.
Just incredible stuff.
And Tampa's power play went ice.
They went ice in the final.
Yeah.
And that's kind of you always talk to special teams.
There was no chance once the man advantage
started for Colorado. All
playoff long. Let's see. The Avs just
one of five preseason favorites
in the last 35 years to win the cup.
You got the other four?
No, they didn't have them listed.
Dude, hockey odds,
old hockey odds, they're really hard to find.
But just goes to show, the chalk, man, that's only five times in the last 35 years, Merle, the chalk odds, they're really hard to find. But it just goes to show the chalk, man.
That's only five times in the last 35 years, Merle, the chalk has cashed.
They're the chalk already for next year, plus 425.
I want to talk about futures, and we're going to skip ahead here a little bit.
All of a sudden, we're on this  well, I guess we weren't on the stream quite yet,
but we were watching the NHLl awards and all of a sudden ra's cheering for roman yosi
who apparently you put two dimes down on at 18 to 1 to win the norris and that was the first that
we'd heard of it me and me and wit from the halfway point of the season you never said this
all right we were barking at each other i i defriended wit for three weeks over the Roman Yoski. And I won.
That's, fuck, I lost that 500 bucks that I'd originally won over the bunting bet.
The fact that he would be the three finalists.
Fuck!
But a neck-to-neck race that you didn't tell us that you had a future on.
All right, first off, I only had 200 on it, not two dimes, just to clarify, because that's a huge difference. Oh, I thought that that was the same thing, sorry.
Either way, it was a decent bet.
I could have sworn I've mentioned it one time or another,
talking about the Norris.
I know sometimes things I say might go in one ear and out the other on the show.
I actually asked the audience if I had mentioned it before during the stream,
and I got to go back and check.
I'm convinced I did say it.
Either way, yeah, I had 200 on Roman Yossi to win the Norris.
We were looking good, and it didn't well it's like it was so funny the first time i hear of it and now if
you said it i apologize but i don't ever remember hearing i'm next to ra he's like i got 200 this is
gonna pay me 3600 i got some money to play with for the game tomorrow night game four and macar
wins you could have much could have much solidified a macar win the minute that came out of ra play with for the game tomorrow night game four and boom, McCarr wins.
You could have much solidified a McCarr win the minute that came out of R.A.
R.A. sees it gambling
in a nutshell when he was talking about
his Yossi win. That's who we need to set up
the GoFundMe for. You need to start
an OnlyFans R.A.
Seriously, Cameo, OnlyFans.
Tell me about it. I got to reimburse myself.
I'll put you in touch with the Archbishop.
And the worst part is, too, like, you know,
we'll get to the rest of the awards later,
but one voter didn't even have Roman Yossi on his ballot.
Like, I was like, how did he not have him on your ballot?
I know he had two fourth places,
and I think one guy didn't even have him.
It's like, what are you doing here?
Probably crushed his old lady.
I brought this up on the stream.
These guys, these writers could completely rig this they could have bet money on kale mccart and if you know but yosi completely on your ballot of them you'd need a team of them
because if one guy's like all right i'm gonna put them not on it's hard it's hard then to like
hammer a bet because your vote might not even do it you know it's like survivor they got the side deals working working out who's going to stay on the island for the voting situation
that that shit gets capped as well but yeah scott powell's of the athletic he had uh maca
mcavoy taves eckblad headman that was that was his ballot and i heard a great story though quickly
about rigging um uh mike model of rink shrinks our good friend he found out uh he
was winning the hobie the night before when he won the hobie baker it might have been 98 or not
whatever it was and his brother shot out to vegas and hammered the bet knowing it was over
and got a big payday from what that was great now he's gonna have the irs
all right you got a couple days off motto's. What? That was great. Now he's going to have the IRS. All right. You got
a couple of days off. Motto's brother is
going to be getting the knock.
Yeah, I was just kidding.
I look up that.
I think there's a better
chance of
a couple of the voters
walking in, finding their old ladies jam
themselves to Roman Yossi highlight
tapes than them rigging
behind the scenes i was jamming myself to roman yosi the night of the awards yeah legitimately
tickling my cornhole i'm like hold on guys hey he had a very interesting suit should we just go
into that right now all the awards i don't know that's quickly want to talk about bednar quick
well i just needed to give my my wrists a rest here from giving the fucking double barrel stroke fest i think we haven't talked about kemper and bednar
let's uh let's throw it back over to you already you could t uh t wit up yeah jared bed now like
i mentioned man this guy paid his fucking dues uh south carolina stingways with uh my pal robbie
can cannon grinded there grinded the ahl won titles at both levels and now he's fucking at the top of
the heap here a lot of are calling for his job five years
ago with the 48-point campaign.
Colorado was terrible. They stuck by him,
and this is exactly why. He brought him to the
Stanley Cup championship. What do you
have for us, buddy?
I just look at a guy
like that who, as a
player, he's in the IHL,
he's in the Coast, he's in the AHL.
You never get that chance to get that NHL game and when you play long enough um in the minors it's like you really wish that
every guy would have a chance to get one game because that that's a grind man we've talked
about it before playing in the East Coast League yeah you're you're playing pro hockey and guys are
they love the game and they love doing it but it's it's it's a grind man it's a lot of bus rides and you have these great teammates, but when you look back on it, you're
like, holy shit. Like I, I put my body through the ringer and, and after that he gets into coaching
and, and in South Carolina, Robbie could can, and we've talked about him. He's done such a great
job. I quickly want to shout out Ryan Wasowski too, who now has another AHL. He's won the East
Coast league. I think he's got two titles in the AHL,
but Bednar was able to go right into coaching. And if you look at his playing and coaching,
the guy spent close to 16 years in the East Coast Hockey League. That could kill a man.
That's like 16 years in Chernobyl. And the guy fucking has just grinded through so much and when he
finally gets his chance to get to the NHL which he surely had dreamed of ever since he was a kid
as a player it didn't happen all right now I'm into coaching I've won at this level I've won
at the AHL am I gonna get a shot well he didn't even really get much time to prepare because if
you remember Patrick Waugh really unexpectedly quit right before that season and all of a sudden all right let's look to what we have we have a guy who just won us an AHL title
in Lake Erie and let's bring up Bednar but that's tough man because you're getting a chance and it's
your dream come true but you're also being kind of thrown into a team that turned out to be the
worst team in the league and so not only are you getting a little bit rushed into your dream job
and your chance at the NHL and your chance at being a coach at the highest level,
well, you're getting a team that's really struggling. And I think you heard Sackett
talk about the young talent they had. He knew that these guys were going to turn into studs,
but they didn't have Makar yet. I mean, there was a lot of things that need to happen.
And then when you see that season go as poorly as it did,
it's just so cool to see the abs show patience and show the willing
willingness to allow Bednar to learn to coach in this league and to get some
better players, to get a deeper roster. But listen,
you saw some tough exits from this team. The past few years,
they went up to two, two, nothing against Vegas.
They lost that series. And there
is so much impatience in this league. And there is so many times where guys are probably fired a
little bit too early. And I know fan bases, they could get on different players and different
coaches and the grass is always greener, but I think Bednar and I think him winning the cup,
his, his number one thought was just probably being so thankful for the patience that they
showed with not only the team and the roster, but him.
And when you talk to guys,
Cogliano mentioned like this guy is unreal to play for.
He's a fucking,
he is absolutely a hundred percent one of those guys who expects a lot from
his players, but at the same time,
he's not a fucking Randy Carlisle prick to you.
Every time you see him making a bagel giving
you a bad look fucking yelling at you for saying hello he's also he's also a guy you could talk to
and and i think that the the current new age coach that you look for i think bednar really
fits this fits the script because i know like when you talk to him away from the rink he's one of
those guys it's normal It's not that awkward.
But then when the games get going and practices get going, he expects a lot.
It's just there has to be like the best of both worlds.
And let me tell you this.
Also, I was told I was told there was a point.
I don't know if it was this season, last season, the season before.
He's walking through the locker room with big old Bose headphones on.
One of the guys is like, Benzie, what are you listening to?
He took one ear out and said,
spitting chicklets.
Boom.
Put it back in.
Oh,
Jared,
we love you over here.
Give him the Jack Adams.
And all joking aside,
give him the Jack Adams.
No joking.
All joking aside,
it's fucking awesome to see somebody grind that long as a player and a
coach in the East coast hockey league and the AHL to finally get his chance and have some.
Patience in building a team and becoming a champion.
So it was a great story.
Yeah, he he's definitely a chicklets listener, but he's I don't know if I already mentioned it.
He's the first coach to win at the East Coast HL and NHL.
And that just goes back to my point from last podcast.
Stop recycling these coaches.
Find some of these young ones that have been winning and moving up with a different voice.
But I also got to shout out the assistant coaches.
The assistant coaches don't get enough love.
Ray Bennett was the first one to get the cup after beds.
And then from there, I went to my old roommate in Habeross's Russia, Nolan Pratt. So you guys saw some things together. Oh yeah. We saw a lot of
things together. He he's an amazing guy. I was so nervous going over there. I met him for the first
time at the airport in New York and we were thick as thieves the whole time. Great guy. He won a cup
as a player in Tampa. so that was kind of a different
angle to look at it from him he had to beat his old team but great coaching great job and
go abs go we haven't talked about one of the biggest moves that sakic ended up making in
the offseason was uh getting darcy kemper and i guess we could talk about both goalies because
fransois did an incredible job in relief and coming in.
What did he finish?
6-0, I think he was.
Yeah.
And he gave that team a huge boost.
Did so when we were there for the Western Conference Finals, excuse me.
But, like, you know, getting Kemper over from the Coyotes and, you know, a team that gave up tons of shots and scoring chances.
So you're seeing tons of rubber.
All of a sudden you go over to a team where, you know're controlling the puck a lot you're not seeing it you can go you know 10-15
minutes without even getting a shot on net we ended up seeing in that closing game in the last
period where when you said that they were just completely dominating and and Tampa didn't really
even touch the puck so to to learn how to play you know behind that type of team or you have to
stay focused and engaged.
And then on top of that first round of playoffs against Nashville,
he ends up taking that stick in the eye.
And then he has a setback with the injury later on in playoffs.
And then for him to finally, you know, get to lift the Stanley cup. And,
and I think that, you know, given all things considered,
he made the stops when he had to make them.
Obviously he did get that goal support.
He didn't need to be the Vasilevsky.
He didn't need to be the guy,
but definitely a very, very important piece
and a reason why they got to become champions.
So a really good job from Sakic
providing that one-two punch in that.
The A-1-A-B situation, as I like to call it.
And now definitely curious to see if they're able to bring temper back there's that's the only thing that sucks about all this
it's like you know there you have so much success as a team it's like who ends up getting paid who
can you keep around because you know we already talked about what nachushkin brought and how he
elevated his level of play he's gonna hit and hit free. And Kadri's gone, though. Kadri, can you somehow figure it out where you could bring these guys back?
I mean, you talked about setting the bar where, you know,
Landis Gogg took a bit of a hometown discount to stick around
because he loved the team.
How many guys can they get to buy in?
And given the fact that we know that Makar did,
because he's probably the  other than McDavid,
he's the best player on the planet,
and he's only making nine and a half the next five.
Maybe that sets the precedent.
Maybe they're able to squeeze some guys in
and keep a lot of that core group together.
So one final tug job for Sakic and crew
and what they were able to build and become Stanley Cup champions.
Yeah, and that game six, he made the saves he needed to
when it mattered the most.
I mean, he out-tooled Vassie in the biggest game he needed to.
Also, gee, I think we should play the clip of Nazem Khadri after the game as well.
Let's roll that.
I mean, I've had supporters in my corner from day one never wavered.
And, you know, for everyone that thought I was a liability in the playoffs,
you can kiss my ass.
Congratulations.
I mean, just an awesome quote.
Like, thanks to the people who like me, but to the ones who don't, F you.
Also, too, got to give him a shout out.
The first Muslim to win the cup.
He's a hell of a role model to, you know, kids of Lebanese descent as well as Arab descent.
You know, they have a role model in the NHL where they historically haven't.
So it's great to see something like that.
They know they can win the Stanley Cup when they get older as well.
So we want to acknowledge that.
What he dealt with in that St. Louis series, we went into that.
What a bunch of bullshit.
And to come out on top is like, that's such a great story.
And yeah, I mean, that's the Kyle Dubas, right?
Yeah.
I think the fans in Toronto loved him.
That was a direct shot at fucking,
you think that you can't get it done and I'm one of the issues?
Suck it.
I saw a thing. Just if you want to win a cup just leave toronto and it was like kessel bozak cadre stop we're not
talking about the leaps right now all right but cadre by the way cadre has made 37 million so
maybe he'd be willing to take a little bit if he loved playing there but but I think he's going to get just an absolute bag thrown at him.
And he loves the chronic, so you know he's fucking taking it.
Yeah, yeah, he loves it.
They're like, I'll take six times six,
but you got to get me a pound of the best fucking weed in town.
In Colorado.
Let me see if I can find it.
Oh, there it is right there.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Oh, it's in R.A.'s bag.
Every street corner.
Sorry, this just quickly came out.
Brandon Hagel had a foot fracture in the Florida series.
Nick Paul had a shoulder AC joint sprain and an MCL sprain.
Corey Perry had shoulder AC joint sprain.
Ryan McDonough had a mangled finger after blocking a shot in the Rangers series.
All expected to make full recovery.
So it just goes into more of the injuries the Lightning were battling.
Yeah, Nick Paul, I think he made 1.35 million last year.
He's UFA.
He's definitely going to get a nice little raise
from somebody somewhere this summer
after his performance in the playoffs.
Also, our buddy Mark Rycroft out in Colorado
shaved the mullet off.
I don't know if you saw the video of that.
Good-looking fella took the mullet down.
Oh, my God.
What a blast that must have been
for that whole broadcasting crew.
They have an unreal staff over there.
They make the games very enjoyable to watch.
And we actually bumped into them during that Western Conference Finals.
They ended up coming over to the box and saying hello to the whole crew.
So, congratulations to them.
I saw videos of all them enjoying some swigs out of the cup.
So, yeah, they definitely bring the electricity to the broadcast.
Some more injuries that were also included in the quote tweet of that tweet
where Braden Point had a significant tear in his quad.
Bellamere had a meniscus injury going into playoffs.
Sorelli suffered an AC joint sprain and will need surgery.
And Kucherov hurt his meniscus.
Yeah, they were banged up. What's going on with the AC joints? Kelly suffered an AC joint sprain and will need surgery. And Kucherov hurt his meniscus. Yeah.
They were banged up.
What's going on with the AC joints?
I don't know.
That's what happened to me.
Some Russian crushed me in Salt Lake City in 2000.
I was fucking wounded.
I still got a bump in my shoulder.
So I did my AC joints, I think, four times.
Three on one side, one on the other.
Yeah, but ours happened in games.
Yours happened at Vegas Pool Party.
It doesn't count.
I'm doing the full octane.
No, but they diagnose them as a first degree, second degree, third degree,
and then sometimes they're just basically like a full separation of that AC joint.
You know, if you get like a second or third degree,
it gets pretty painful and you don't really have much strength.
And I would say full recovery times,
probably about at least a month on if you get full complete rest on about a
second degree sprain.
Easiest man, absolute warriors. These guys are,
this was a pretty crazy stat as of last Friday,
Connor McDavid hadn't played a game in 18 days and he still had
six points more than anybody playing in the stanley cup final like absolutely obscene what
he's done i i shared it on the outline as well dude had a 25 dollar poly he hit 34 000 and it's
the second big poly he hit in a year and a half he had golden state the rams georgia and college
football some random ufc fight, all poly with Colorado.
So for a 25 dollar poly, he got 34 grand back.
But last year he had an eight dollar poly murals and he got 20 grand back with the Lakers, Dodgers, Lightning, UFC fight in the Buccaneers.
So who's this guy? He's just a random, random gamble.
It was ESPN did a story on him.
His name's Stu Feiner. He also licks butt for a living.
Now the IRS has another target.
They've leaked Mata.
They're alone.
RA's just planting seeds to distract them.
Yeah, absolutely.
I got Yossi, though.
18 to 1.
Once again, Colorado merchandise all over the website.
Check it out.
Gee, they did a terrific job on those shirts.
I got to get one of those St. Bernard ones.
Instead of the regular barrel, it's shaped like the stanley cup so so good
shit we also did some super super cool obviously all the small things was all the rage in colorado
this year so we did some like blink 182 themed shirts that people are seeming to love so you
can check those out at barstool sports.com slash chicklets let's make uh let's make another parlay bet, R.A. Who are going to be the drunkest two guys at the parade?
Oh.
Oh. There's always
a few Euros who get fucking
buckled. Honestly, with what
Cogs' career has been, he might get
smothered. He's a pro's
pro, though. I don't know if he'd do it in public.
He'll be doing the gluten-free vodka.
He's a bit of a... I think EJ.
EJ just might be completely mangled. Fransos a foul. I think EJ. EJ just might just be completely mangled.
Prince O's definitely after talking to EJ.
Yeah, he's got the shampoo effect.
Yeah.
I've been rechecking my Twitter nonstop.
I don't know if I'm not following the right people.
I haven't seen any party videos yet or anything.
Well, I mean, we just heard.
Well, Merle, you haven't heard the interview yet.
Yeah.
They landed, and EJ, Landis Skug, and Landy's wife were calling around Denver
to see where they could throw a party,
and the whole city got drank out of all the booze
because all the fans were going too hard the entire playoff.
So then they ended up boozing after game six on Sunday when they clinched it.
So they ended up getting back Monday.
There's no booze in town.
All of a sudden, it turned into a dry state.
They're basically dealing with Utah.
Now I feel like we had a part at part with that,
with our three or four days out there.
Boys, any final thoughts on the, the cup, the season,
any other things you want to wrap up? I know we have a clip from pod.
My take you guys did the Mount Rushmore pod. My take, we're going to want to wrap up. I know we have your clip from Pod My Take. You guys did the Mount Rushmore Pod My Take.
We're going to get to that shortly.
Yeah, we're going to get to that.
And I think that we're hoping at some point this week
we're going to talk to maybe a couple other guys,
hopefully Bednar, maybe Nate Dogg,
after what he talked about going through
when we interviewed him up with Crosby in Nova Scotia.
So we're hoping to get a couple more guys for next week's episode.
So if you want to tweet at some people, go on chicklets, go on chicklets,
describe your celebrations with the fellows.
Absolutely boys. So what do you think?
Send it over to PMT so you can get a little taste of that.
Yeah. I think for people who don't know, Biz and I,
we usually go back and forth. He'll go on part.
Might take talk hockey. Then maybe a couple of months later,
they'll ask me, but we were in the office we went on together they do a thing i think every monday episode where they do a mount
rushmore all the guests and themselves they they give a list of certain things ours was things that
change after turning 30 i know we have a bunch of younger listeners you can listen and get horrified
scared of what's to come and all you older guys with kids married, you'll know exactly what we're
talking about. So it was a fun interview to do. And we're going to go over things that change
when you hit 30 years old in life. So we're going to throw it over now. And thank you so much to
Big Cat and PFT for having us on once again. All right. And this segment is brought to you
by Shopify. Shopify is the all in one commerce platform to start, run and grow your business.
Shopify is the all-in-one commerce platform to start, run, and grow your business.
Shopify gives entrepreneurs the resources once reserved for big business.
So upstarts, startups, and established businesses alike can sell everywhere,
synchronize online and in-person sales, and effortlessly stay informed.
Shopify offers online retailers a suite of services, including payments, marketing, shipping, and customer engagement tools.
Connect with your customers, drive sales, manage your day-to-day.
Shopify instantly lets you accept all major payment methods.
Shopify has thousands of integrations of third-party apps from on-demand printing to accountant to advanced chatbots to and beyond. So go to Shopify.com slash checklets, all lowercase, for a free 14-day
trial and get full access to Shopify's entire suite of features. Grow your business with
Shopify today. Go to Shopify.com slash checklets right now. And now, enjoy these guys on PMT
Mount Rushmore. All right, let's do the Mount Rushmore. Are you ready?
Sure. Alright, so since Hank is not
30 yet, he wrote a list that he'll give it to us
after. You're not 30?
No. Holy shit.
Imagine all this kid's accomplished.
He's still in his 20s. I've said it many times
that when Hank turns 30
it's going to be like an existential
crisis for me because I've known him since he was
19. 18?
19. Yeah, so I've known him since he was 19. Oh, my God.
19.
Yeah, so I've known him for his entire 20s.
Less than a year.
Yeah.
All right, so you guys ready?
You want to start, Biz?
No, I don't want to start.
So it's things that change after you turn 30.
So it could be things you suck at, just life changes, whatever.
I actually will start. I have one that I think you'll really enjoy.
So it's going to be a snake draft.
You understand that? Sure. So you explain it to me. I have one that I think you'll really enjoy. So it's going to be a snake draft. You understand that?
Sure.
So you explain it to me.
I got a hose too.
I should have gone with it.
Explain to me how you think a snake draft would be.
Why can't I just play my game and you guys?
Well, because you have to play your game,
but inside the concept of the Mount Rushmore.
So the structure of the draft,
how would you think a snake draft went?
You're taking what you think would be the top pick in that topic
to not allow anybody else to have it,
and then explain a little bit why it is you made that decision.
It has nothing to do with the snake.
So then let's say you go first.
I have one that's going to floor Big Cat.
So you go first.
And then Ryan's up next.
And then me.
And then it's me after Big Cat.
And then who goes?
And then what goes after me?
So things that suck after you turn 30. No, but wait after big cat and then what goes after me so things that
suck after you know but wait wait wait so who goes after pfd ryan went big cat went i went
now we've all foregone you go first again yes yeah i know how the fuck it works come on guys
well you looked at us like you didn't no because i i was i was uh overjoyed with my first answer
and how much you'll appreciate it.
Let me do this real quick.
Roback question.
You get Q-Zips, hoodies, polos.
Go to roback.com, R-H-O-B-A-C-K.com.
Use code TAKE for 20 off your first purchase.
Roback.com.
Use code TAKE for 20 off your first purchase.
What do you hate the most about Witt?
He's going to answer this.
He answered while you were out.
Yeah.
Yeah, well, you'll have to listen to what he said.
I don't.
I mean, nothing.
I feel like maybe sometimes he gets a little bit cranky and whines, but it's kind of funny.
He's a funny whiner.
Yeah.
Do you want us to tell you what he said?
Sure.
You got small peen.
Mm-hmm.
Why would he care about that?
You know what he would probably say?
How much I asked him to do for work. What do you mean? sure you get small peen why would he care about that you know what he would probably say how much
i i asked him to do for work what do you mean like i i try to chisel too much work off of him
he's like dude shut he's like i just want to fucking golf yeah yeah yeah right would you say
that that's probably my most annoying quality is i'm always asking for us to do more stuff and
you're like dude this is a joke like let's just do the pod yeah but it's not it's not annoying
because he's like making us money so
I respect the hell out of it you have the
he didn't make the money I made playing
hockey so I respect that he's grinding
now to make his dough like I
yeah sometimes I'm like holy
shit but you have the dream life
I love you for it you actually like if I
had to pick one person who has the dream life
it's you I mean that wow I would I would I had to pick one person who has the dream life, it's you.
Wow.
I mean, seriously.
I mean, you've interviewed a lot of people.
No, but you get to do the fun stuff, but you're also, like, I respect that you don't do, like,
you could move to New York and work here full time and be a star, but you hate it.
I'd rather be Billy Football.
Right, but you are, like, really good at managing, like, this is what I want to do, this is what I don't want to do.
You have the dream life. And for the record, I have an average-sized cock, okay is what I want to do, this is what I don't want to do.
You have the dream life.
And for the record, I have an average-sized cock, okay?
I just want to put that out there.
It sounds like you're very defensive.
Please update the record.
I've never personally called when I was in the South.
It's average.
I've never had to give a press conference announcing the size of my penis.
I'll put it that way.
I'd like to thank everybody from TNT all season long.
I'll be 20 minutes here, guys.
Give me a few.
For the dick pump they gave me to grow this thing.
Yeah, yeah, yeah. For bulging my crotch area with the HD lenses in studio.
Did they explain to you what a snake draft is?
Yeah, he got it.
I know what a snake draft is.
Did you ever do one with Barstool Chicago?
Yeah.
Okay.
I figured out what a snake draft was about halfway through that one.
That was the learning.
Yeah, that was where we learned.
All right, so go ahead.
Let's go.
First pick.
Biz, right away.
Your dependency on coffee after you turn the age of 30.
That's a fact.
That's a fact.
Good one.
I didn't have that one.
That is an absolute fact.
That's a good one.
It's constant.
You're thinking you're taking on more responsibilities, whether it's with work, whether it's the fact
that you have a family. You know if you have kids, you've got to be crank on more responsibilities, whether it's with work, whether it's the fact that you have a family.
You know if you have kids, you got to be cranking at least four or five cups a day, even to
just get your fucking day started.
Big Cat, I see you post about it every single morning.
So much coffee.
And I know that you can really relate to this one, and I'm sorry if I stole it from you.
No, that's a great one.
Most people in America can agree that your dependency on coffee, and it sucks because
there are a lot of consequences to it.
If you stop, you get headaches.
Oh, there's days where.
You need to keep drinking it.
So I have a cup like right when I wake up.
But then I'll sometimes like get busy or something and forget because I usually have another cup around 10 a.m.
And if I miss that one at like two, I'm just like, what's happening to my body?
Am I having a seizure?
You're back in your old lady.
Sorry, I need my body. You're like, am I having a seizure? You're backhanding your old lady. You're like, sorry, I need my coffee.
It's like, yeah, we should do that as a sketch.
You turn into a raging bull.
Yeah, yeah.
Instead of being a drunk, a bad drunk,
you're just a bad non-coffee drinker.
Man, what's wrong with you?
I need a cup of coffee.
You know that something kicks ass
when there's a big movement of people
that try to tell you how to quit it, right?
So now it's like a thing where people are like, I doing a caffeine detox yeah i'm quitting coffee and they quit for
like two months and then they go back and they're like i just had to prove to myself that i could
exist without it turns out it sucks going back to it now i'm addicted again yes oh why you actually
did that are you saying people do that no some people i would never do but but if that's your
problem that you're trying to quit like settle, settle down. That's a pretty decent problem to have.
I mean, there could be way worse things we'd be addicted to.
Have you guys ever had a scientist on to explain the bad things about caffeine?
No, they always release.
Big Coffee does a great job marketing because, like, every three months,
New York Times would be like,
study shows that coffee drinkers live 10 years longer than everyone else.
So they're doing a good job. Yeah. Would you guys start a coffee company with me? Sure. New York Times would be like, study shows that coffee drinkers live 10 years longer than everyone else.
So they're doing a good job.
Yeah.
Would you guys start a coffee company with me?
Sure.
Okay.
Be ready for phone calls.
Let's talk.
I'm not going to.
Yeah, this isn't.
Why?
Then it could sponsor your pod.
It could sponsor our podcast.
And then maybe one day if they fucking say. We're really hurting for sponsors.
Wait, so you're saying start your own company
so that your company can sponsor your own podcast.
Yes, correct.
That's double-dipping, baby.
That is genius.
This guy's smart.
This guy's bigger brain.
Coffee today.
I'd like to thank my coffee company.
That's a good one-one.
All right, Witt, go ahead.
I would say just the hangovers.
This is like the 1-1 draft pick.
That's why you need DHM detox.
You can't  drinking  I say the drinking is the only thing in the world.
The more you do, the worse you get at it.
And over 30, it's like  I don't know.
For me, this list, once we talked about this yesterday,
a lot of it's actually 35 for me.
Yeah, I agree.
In the last four or five years, it's been even bigger than 30 to 35.
But overall, dude, I cannot go out if I have something to do the next day.
Yes.
And if I'm drinking, I have to drink from noon to 8 p.m., get my seven, eight hours.
I'm fine.
But, dude, if I'm up until 2 in the morning drinking, I'm actually done for like two to three days.
Oh, yeah.
No, you know what it is?
And you're right about the 30, 35 thing thing i think 30 is when these things start to
creep in 35 is when they hit and i got married when i was 35 so that really i got my first
hangover when i was 31 yeah and i was like what is what is this what's this feeling so i remember uh
uh i was just at a call as 20 say 22 i used to we'd go out every friday saturday night say we trained
during the week right all the guys playing but we'd rip it up every friday saturday night i'm
talking till three four in the morning saturday starts right back at it every sunday morning i
would play softball in situate my hometown i'd go down and play softball it was a 9 a.m start
and i'm like i can't even fucking move my body yes i was out two straight nights and then
i'd play softball not him i wasn't even i felt great yes dude and and like bachelor parties it's
all it's now three days because it's like monday you're terrible tuesday it creeps in and then
wednesday you're not hung over you just don't feel right yeah and you're like i'm not normal i can't
tell you the last time i went on a bachelor party maybe three four years i go on golf trips which i
guess turn in basically to bachelor parties.
And then, yeah, you come home and you need a vacation from the vacation.
I'm sorry to go long-winded, but drinking and hangovers after 30 is the biggest thing.
That's why you need DHM detox.
No days wasted.
It's a good pick.
It's a 20 promo code.
And the delayed onset hangover is brutal.
The worst.
It's so bad.
I'll be fine.
Weed can help that a little yeah like weeds
kind of created i think to just like a little puff of your hungover might help you but then
you're just like on another planet from that yeah so yeah but you're absolutely right like a great
life hack once you turn 35 especially is just go out and daydream just daydream just daydream
and then go back home have a giant meal on your couch, and then fall asleep. Pass out on the couch.
Yeah, pass out on the couch, wake up, get like 10 hours of sleep, and then you're at least manageable the next day.
The rule I always go is getting drunk is still fun, but once you're drunk, it's time to go home.
You know what I mean?
Beers one through seven are so much fun, and then when you're like, oh, wait, I'm drunk, I'm out.
If I know I'm drunk, it's the biggest Irish actually you've ever seen.
Out.
Out.
All right.
I'll go with another one that I think is high on the list and similar to Hangover's heartburn.
Heartburn after when you get older.
We talked about this last night.
It sucks so bad to have to actually think about these things where it's like, oh, I
shouldn't eat these wings at fucking 9 p.m. tonight because i'll be puking in my mouth at four in the morning we remember when we took uh we were in vegas probably
three years ago four years ago and hank had his first ever heartburn and he explained it to us
and we're like yep the puke comes up yeah yep yep and it's like you just it just hurts and you just
feel like shit uh yeah like having to actually think like oh i shouldn't eat this this late at
night or this is gonna like if i have a beer and a wing, it's going to fuck me up.
So that's the worst.
I carry around Tums now.
It's my wallet.
Yeah, so I recently made the upgrade from doing Tums and keeping Tums on me to now I take the one-a-day pills, which is like supposed to be.
You just get ahead of it.
You get ahead of it.
It's like, okay, this is just a problem I'm going to have to deal with.
So for the rest of my life, I'm going to just take like a morning pill and then i'll be moderately i still
take the tums i double dip on that but it helps so that's that's a big switch in your life when
you realize you just accept the fact like my stomach's gonna suck yeah like until i die yeah
and i think about like like when you're 21 in college you're like oh i'm gonna eat taco bell
at two in the morning if i did that now like i i actually might die i might be like fucking yeah i think you know choking on my own puke you just have to
really change up your diet as you get older you don't even really need to exercise that much it's
more about the diet if i have italian with red wine and then chocolate after oh that those three
right there that's a bomb those three right there you're waking up at 2 a.m. with a rush of puke through your throat.
Like a Siamese cat with a shit in your mouth.
That's a heart bomb.
Red sauce and wine or barbecue and whiskey.
Either one of those two combos.
You got two picks, P.M.
All right, this is tough because a lot of mine are off the board right now.
Yeah, I knew heartburn was on there.
I had digestion.
Is that the same as heartburn?
Yes.
Yeah, where it's just sitting in your stomach.
Mine was also about my asshole, too.
It's like taking too many shits.
But I'm not going to say that.
You can do bowel movements because that's pissing, too, changes.
I'm going to say making new friends.
That's a great one.
Yep.
That's a great one.
When you're 30, you usually have your set group of friends.
I'm all set.
I don't need any more friends.
You don't need more friends. Trim the fat, actually. You trim the fat. Everybody, yeah, get less friends have your set group of friends. I'm all set. I don't need any more friends. You don't need more friends.
Trim the fat, actually.
You trim the fat.
Everybody, yeah, get less friends, as a matter of fact.
Yeah, it's hard to keep friends.
But when you meet new friends after the age of 30, it's usually built around an event that's taking place in your life
and not necessarily because you have something in common with them.
Yes.
You know, it's like, oh, this person works in the same office as I do and I don't hate him.
Yeah.
Okay, yeah, I guess we're friends.
Oh, this person plays fantasy football.
Yeah, I'll talk to them.
I guess they're my friend.
But it's not the same level of closeness because I think what really makes you close with a friend is getting into trouble together with that friend.
That's what forms that bond.
And doing fun stuff.
When you get over 30, you don't do that much fun stuff.
The funnest times that you can remember with your friends is not even going out.
It's like waking up the next day and all being being in a house together and like you know busting each other's balls like you don't get that anymore no you don't because the kids got
baseball yeah right you gotta get the dry cleaning yeah it's over good pick good pick pick that you're
oh no no you don't know the snake snake you don't know the snake you're. All right, PFT, you're up again. I'm up again. So for my next one, I'm going to go just sleep.
Just sleeping.
Sleeping is tougher once you hit 30.
It's harder to fall asleep.
It's harder to stay asleep.
When you wake up in the morning, you don't feel like you've slept the full night.
It's not the same.
It hits different after 30.
I would do anything, anything to sleep in.
To be able to sleep in.
I'd kill a small animal.
I wouldn't do that. I shouldn't have said that. But I wouldn't have just anything to sleep in. To be able to sleep in. I'd kill a small animal. I would do, I wouldn't do that.
I shouldn't have said that.
But I would, I wouldn't have just set an alarm again.
I don't need to set an alarm.
Dude, chipmunk?
I'd kill a chipmunk.
Yeah, yeah, like a little bird, little bird.
Yeah.
Like, I'm just telling you, I don't need, if I need to be up for a flight or something
at five in the morning, yeah, you need the alarm.
But at 6 a.m., my eyes open no matter what.
Yep.
And it kills me.
Yep, yep. it's impossible to
sleep in all right uh i got next pick i'm gonna say that when you get past your 30s something
that really sucks is all the athletes you're watching are younger than you and being like
like you start calling athletes kid and like shit like that where you're like oh okay like luka donchic
is like 13 years younger than me like that shit just like kind of fucks you up where you're like
what am i doing i'm watching like you know because you grow up and you have athletes that are older
than you and they're like oh yeah that's my hero and then you get to a point where you're like fuck
i'm older than everyone in this league yeah and that sucks i don't think you can have a hero that's
younger than you yeah right that's always tough to do. It's like thinking about watching college basketball,
and it's like, I'm rooting for a 19-year-old.
I'm double his age.
When Zion got into the league, and people on TV were like,
this fat ass needs to watch his dad.
It's like, dude, you're just on television really, really caring
about the body size of an 18-year-old right now.
Yeah, right, right.
It's weird.
It fucks with your head, and you still root hard but like you also have moments where you like step
back and you're like whoa what am i doing am i gonna get hit with a restraining order yeah what's
happening you know what's my body shaming is is when the first person who's younger than you
retires yes yeah like what no no don't do that yeah wait i still think the college guys are my
yes dude when you see a call like when you you see the NFL draft, the quarterback that goes 1-1,
you're like, that guy's older than me.
And if he saw us, he'd be like, hey, sir, Mr. Whitney.
I'm like, what the fuck?
Dude, we're the same age, bro.
Yeah.
Oh, my gosh.
Your pick, Whit.
Okay, mine would be, and this has been a big problem for me,
just waking up and something's injured.
Yep. The injuries from sleep. big problem for me just waking up and something's injured. Yeah.
The injuries from sleep.
And like,
I,
I wake up and I'm like,
Oh my God,
I can't move my neck.
What the fuck happened?
Oh,
you went to bed.
Like,
Oh really?
This is what happens now.
Like I wake up my foot.
I can't walk really correctly.
Like you have these injuries that happen from nothing.
Whether it's,
I guess sleep,
what I meant also,
like you can sneeze and
like sammy sosa style throw out your back like that's after 30 that doesn't happen in your 20s
so random injuries basically that come from nowhere it happened to me the other day i woke
up my entire left arm completely not there yeah i'm talking like not even pins and needles i mean
like there was nothing going on nerve wise in my entire entire arm. And then I do some research about it.
I either slept on it really wrong or I've got, like, some injury that I'm just going to have to wake up with a dead arm once a month.
And you'll never do a thing about it either.
And it's also, like, just any  like, I was at a wedding a couple weekends ago, and I woke up, and I was like, my ankle hurt.
And I was like, why is my ankle hurt?
And my friends were like, dude, you were so fucked up.
You were just Euro-stepping people in the middle of the street at, like, 2 in the morning.
It's like, why did I  like, that  Why was I doing that? Why was I doing that? Like, of course I were so fucked up. You were just Euro-stepping people in the middle of the street at like 2 in the morning.
It's like, why did I do that?
Why was I doing that?
Like, of course I'm injured from that. I was going to play golf.
This was two years ago.
And I got to the road where I'm on the road and then I got to look.
I got to merge onto a road left.
And all I did was just go like this.
But the slowest turn to the left.
And I couldn't even go play.
I was like, I got to go to the hospital.
I just turned left.
Another one is picking up your kids.
Oh, yeah, you're done.
I'll hurt myself once a week just picking up my kids with a weird angle.
You should hire a guy to pick up.
Just hand me my kids.
No, you can go in and lean in for the kisses,
but he has to continually hold the kids.
Yes.
All right, your pick.
Two.
I was just going to say overall grooming and maintenance
and the fact that you start having hair coming out of weird spots.
Oh, yeah, nose and ear hair.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
The ear.
I get these long-ass eyebrows, eyebrow lashes.
Oh, dude, same.
Yeah, it's bad.
Nose hairs.
Well, nose hairs.
And not only that, but you got nose.
Yeah, you're really on me.
I have a couple hairs on top of my nose. He has hairs growing on top of it. Go look at his nose. yeah, you're really on me. I have a couple hairs on his hair
Growing on top of it. Go look at those man. That's whiskey. That might be the beginning of whiskey nose, too
Oh, can we please post like a video or a picture of the hair?
On the point of his nose what do you want me to do? I think you should start getting it waxed
Eyebrow combo. I'm gonna mock three unibrow. I'm done with it. Do you guys pluck your unibrow?
No, I've never had to deal with that
I pluck my unibrow, I shave my unibrow
I do it all
Yeah, I think you do for one
I would be next to my wife on the couch
And she gets up all of a sudden and comes back with tweezers
And is just pulling ear hairs
And your eyes are watering
These ear hairs are disgusting
I'm like, what?
I didn't even know I had those.
Yeah, stop.
That's a great pick.
Yeah.
I think this is the obvious one, sex drive.
Okay.
Yeah, yeah, you don't want to hump.
I feel like just wearing like new balances, kind of like all the stereotypes you see online
about becoming a dad, like the big white ones, the high white socks, kind of how I look today.
Yep. And just, I look Like today Yep And just
I don't know
I just like
I'd rather just
Fucking not do it
Sometimes you have to
Remind yourself
Like if I was 18 years old
And I knew I could get laid
And I knew that
30 year old me
Would not take that opportunity
Then you get mad at yourself
And then you're like
No I gotta take advantage
So you have to like
Almost trick yourself
Into wanting it more
Yeah
After you turn 30
Or get testosterone shots
Yeah, it's too finer every two weeks. Does he really? Oh, yeah, really dude
Is that why we know we we know when we take barcelona sports advisors if it's a testosterone week or not
Because he I scream and he's just like so horny. Have you ever heard of this rule?
Yeah, the 1550 yes, we have heard of his I still haven his rule. I still haven't recovered from throwing up after I saw him describe it.
That wasn't the heartburn?
Yeah.
He does barstool sports advisors with his kids in the room most of the time.
His sons will be sitting there, and he'll be talking about eating their mom's ass.
Yeah.
Okay, Witt, you're up.
While he's close talking to you with a hair in his teeth.
While he's close talking to you with a hair in his teeth.
Kind of a tough one to explain, but I cannot for the life of me get around since, and this is kind of a post 35 one, maybe a post kids one, having to make plans so far in advance.
Yes.
It fucking kills me.
I got, hey, you want to play golf September 10th?
I'm like, what are you talking about, dude?
I'm like, call me September 8th.
But everyone I know, all my friends that are way more organized than me with families it's like
they have every weekend planned out for the next four months yes and i can't do it and it's like
actually creating stress in my life because like if i just did it but i'm like that's like me holding
on to being young but anyone listening you'll have a point when you need to plan out everything
and it sucks do you have the big calendar?
We got the shared calendar.
Dude, when the big calendar shows up at your house, this might be relatable just to dads,
but when the big calendar shows up at your house, it's a torture chamber.
But the only good thing about big calendars
Because shit gets put on that, like he said, like in 2023.
It's basically like when Alabama announces they're playing Texas in 2030.
That shit goes on the calendar.
Yeah, we have his sixth grade graduation in nine years.
It's crazy, dude.
So I do think about the big calendar, though.
Married guys will know.
The good thing is if you get something on the big calendar, you get it.
Yeah, it stays.
You get it.
It's in pen, not pencil.
I put that in the big calendar.
That's a fact.
It becomes more real.
Witt gets the calendar and he puts golf every day.
That's the thing.
You can use the big calendar to your advantage, too.
Yes. Because if it's on there, use the big calendar to your advantage, too.
Because if it's on there, they have to respect what you put on it.
You're actually doing a good job as a husband and a father by planning that out that far in advance.
Basically, so I mean planning your life on in advance.
I hate that, and that's an over 30 thing.
Yes.
What about Thanksgiving?
How early do you make Thanksgiving plans?
Because I made my last one. We do the same thing every year.
I made my last ones in january and
that was tough yeah when i had to decide like and i started looking at flights and expedia's like
sir you can't book a flight this far in advance oh yeah i'm always you know you're old yeah yeah
yeah that's oh the big calendar haunts me all right uh this one i'll have to explain a little
too i when once you get to 30 and then like 35 you're supposed to like nice things and it's like
like you're supposed to like wine really nice wine and like nice clothes and like you're supposed to
like these things but there's part of you that's like i don't i just want a fucking coors light
like i don't still a piece of shit yeah right like i'm still a scumbag like you're you're not
like you can't stay in bad hotels like there's supposed to be like things that you do that are
nicer and your friends like nice things i appreciate you admitting coors light's bad
coors light is the best it is the best i'm a coors light guy yeah you're suspended i'm a coors
you know what i mean though see you later you know what i mean though you're supposed to like
be an adult with some of your tastes and you're like wait i don't like i like a cheeseburger i
don't need to get like the tuna tartar and shit yeah't like a cheeseburger. I don't need to get the tuna tartare and shit.
You know what I mean?
Ordering a cheeseburger at a nice steak restaurant or a nice restaurant, you look like a scumbag.
It's like, I want the cheeseburger.
A girlfriend or a wife wants to try this new restaurant.
You look at the menu.
There's not one thing I want at that restaurant.
I want to go to the sports bar.
Yeah, I want to get mini fucking corn dogs and a big pretzel and just watch some games.
I booked us this non-alcoholic vegan restaurant, sweetie.
It's just like, pfft.
Yeah, right.
I should have saw it on the fucking calendar.
You have to.
If I was just by myself, no kids, no family or anything, I'd just be a scumbag still.
You know what I mean?
I'd stay at shitty hotels.
I wouldn't care.
All that stuff.
But you got to like nice things when you grow up.
The heartburn is making a lot more sense now that you keep talking.
Harper was a great pick.
Yeah.
What do you have to your last two sides?
Not funny, but it would be very funny if Biz actually killed himself because he had to
go to a vegan restaurant or put something in a calendar.
Not worth it.
Not worth it.
I don't mind vegan food, actually.
So my my next one, I'm going to go.
Hmm.
You got two.
We got to rush two because they got an interview.
Is there a shot clock?
Okay.
I'm going to go with finding and caring about new music.
Good one.
Great one.
I'm struggling with this big time.
Yeah.
So when was the last time you found like a new band?
Well, music sucks now.
I'm trying to find old music now me too it's crazy i'm like my spotify is just all songs from the 70s
and 80s yeah mine like the latest i go i think i stopped really appreciating brand new music i
think the year was like 2011 it's all junk now anything past 2011 it's like yeah i'll listen to
it occasionally and i'll recognize the song but then i'm like no play me something from the 90s like go back i i love that pick that's a good one
the the key is finding a few friends that are djs or have great spotify lists and just have them
send them have them send you over the lists and you just kind of go through it and listen it's
kind of fun because it's random and you don't have to do any of the work to find it it's kind
of like the same thing of talking about an 18 year old that's coming to the nba though like i i'd feel
weird going to a concert of people that were all like 21 years old feel like a real creep out there
yeah yeah that's a good one that's a very good one uh my last one i'm gonna go uh just dressing
just dressing yourself in general this this might be more personal to me
because i have like what i call accidental six-year-old days where i get into the office
and i look at myself in the mirror for the first time i'm like i'm i'm fucking dressed like a
six-year-old again yeah and it looks weirder as you get older so maybe it's just like me not
updating my dress style whatsoever what's that hank what's that fucking smirk no it's like it's
like no no hank has a smirk what it? I mean, he looks great right now.
He looks like a six-year-old himself.
No, you were explaining it well.
Yeah.
But it's not like that changed when you got over 30.
But it looks worse on me now that I'm older.
No, now when people find out your age,
like, that's how you're dressed?
Exactly.
If you're 27, at least maybe that's cool.
Yeah, so it's like a personal thing.
It's like not updating your dressing style whatsoever
to appear like an adult.
Hey, I feel you, buddy. Yeah, that's a personal thing. It's like not updating your dressing style whatsoever to appear like an adult. Yeah, I feel you, buddy.
Yeah, that's a Rudy outfit.
There's definitely something.
That's Rudy Junda.
He would wear that exact outfit that you're wearing right now.
He'd look much better in it.
I'm envious of your dress style.
I wish I could dress the way you do.
Who are you talking to about that?
You.
Me?
You wish you could dress like a child.
Fashion icon.
He meant to say not feel shame. He's not having a wife to be with. There's going to be paparazzi following you around now. He wishes he could not feel like a child. He meant to say not feel shame.
There's going to be paparazzi following you around now.
He wishes he could not feel shame.
You wish that you could wear jingles.
I don't think you've spent money on clothes since I've met you.
That's a fact.
I know.
And I'm envious of that.
A game I like to play is what did I buy that I'm wearing.
I think I bought these socks.
There we go.
Huge. I always buy buy that's my treat for
myself once a year i buy stocking stuffer yes um all right my last pick uh with the gold coins
it's a truck of gold coins my last pick is gonna be uh i will i watch everything in subtitles now
and i also like have found my so this is like a combo of like like just sound I have it happened
actually the first time we went to army navy last year and we had like a barstool sportsbook event
and I had to ask the dj to turn the music down a little bit because I couldn't hear people talk
because like I was trying to have a conversation I was like this is just too loud so just the sound
and like subtitles like all that shit changes and you're like yeah this music like having to
actually say can you turn that down a little is such a demoralizing moment but you have to like
do it because you can't hear anything and it's bothering you how loud it is so that's you know
what the worst is loud bars yep yeah i fucking hate loud bars yeah and it's i i think i've always
like not i i've never really loved being in loud, but it's such a bigger inconvenience now that I'm older.
And I know that I'm not a loud talker anyway.
Like, you're not stepping foot inside a club.
If I, no, fuck no.
I went, actually, I went into a club, like, a month ago, Hank, right?
Went to a club a month ago.
I was like, what do I do now?
Like, I just.
You put your earplugs in.
I stand next to this couch.
Yeah, and then wait for the bottle service girl. And then you pay 10 grand to stand there for the real estate? Yeah, it's like, okay, I stand next to this couch. Yeah. Wait for the bottle.
You pay 10 grand to stand there for the real estate.
Yeah.
Okay.
I'm going to hang out by this very nice looking couch for an hour.
Can't even talk to anyone.
Can't do it.
Awful.
You get the sparklers.
That's true.
Yes.
All right.
Your last one.
Oh, this is tough when you come to the end.
I would say like patience in lines lines if that kind of makes sense like when i'm standing
around now i don't know like when i was younger i don't know i just kind of like waited there now
if i'm at like starbucks or something it's taking forever i just notice i'm way more maybe it's
having kids you just lose your patience yep and i feel like you get it back like maybe 50s and 60s
when you got nothing to do as of right now now, like, my patience level is horrific.
I skip.
If I see a line, I'll just be like, nope, we're not going there.
Yeah.
It's like, yeah.
It's like, I just, I am always somewhat in a rush, I feel like, and it drives me crazy.
Yep.
You know what the worst line is?
If you've already received whatever service that you're paying for, and then you have
to wait in line to pay for it.
Yep.
It's like, I've already got it.
I'm leaving. I'm not paying for it. But now I have to wait in line to pay for it. Yep. It's like, I've already got it. I'm leaving.
I'm not paying for it.
But now I have to wait in line to give you my money.
Let me just hand you some money.
Yeah.
I won't take change.
Let me wait to pay.
I mean, you guys kind of collectively took my last one,
which is going to be your ability goes up.
I think that's fair, yeah, in general.
So now I've got to think of a new one.
No, I mean, you can do that one if you can think of other.
You know, patience is different. I would say that my early days like you know in your 20s you always want to be around
your buddies and you're okay we took and we talked about the friend things as well like where i really
really like you i guess you enjoy your your alone time yeah so therefore you aren't as irritable
but i guess that wouldn't be something that you hate when you turn 30, right? Taking care of your body maybe a little
is an extra one.
Losing weight. Yeah, it's like impossible.
I'm going to go to the gym. No, you're not.
Yeah, just trying.
Just being like, oh, well, I could put together
a few good days in a row, but it's not
going to stay.
There's a game on tonight. I'm going to drink.
Yeah, losing weight. How did I not do that one?
I was on the elevator with Alex Bennett today,
and she was like, oh, you've been playing basketball.
Like, are you trying to get in summer season?
And I was like, no, listen, there's only two seasons in my life now.
It's football season when I gain 20 pounds, and then offseason when I lose 10.
So I'm just going two steps back, one step forward,
until I fall off backwards off a cliff.
So in the 2035 season, you're going to be 4'10".
Yes, yes.
It's just like that's pretty much how it always works.
All right.
For me, I think that there's a limit to my body.
I think once I hit 200, I think then it's all over.
If I'm below 200.
What are you at now?
I can always  shit, I'm probably like 175.
So if you hit 200,'s basically i came i came so
close last summer after we did grit week and we went to that wing place uh wing nuts yep and i
fucking absolutely destroyed these wings there i got home i weighed myself i think i was 195 pounds
and i know that once i hit 200 it's never going below 200 it's just going to be but i'm just like
throwing up my hands and being like okay i'm I'm going to be fat from now on.
That was my 220.
Once I hit 220, it was 240 the next day, and it was like, you're never going back.
I think everyone has that number in their mind that when they see it, it's like, okay, this is over.
Yep.
We have an interview right now.
Yeah, let's go.
Bernie Nichols.
Yeah.
What we'll do is wrap up.
This was awesome.
Thank you, guys.
We love you guys.
Love you guys.
Who won?
We'll put it to a vote on Monday.
And then we'll have Hank say his list after, you know, during the show on Monday.
So thank you, guys.
We love you.
I love you guys.
Love you, too.
Love you guys.
You boys.
A couple of characters.
Funny stuff, man.
But I want to let you know that segment was also brought to you by our friends at Shady Rays.
Shady Rays is back for another run around the sun.
Shady Rays sunglasses offers an industry-best combination of fit, style, and performance
without the big brand price tag.
And it doesn't stop at the quality.
Shady Rays offers the most insane protection program in all of eyewear.
Every pair is backed by lost and broken replacements
If you lose or break your pair, even on day one
They will send you a brand new pair
I love my Shady Rays, they're just out of my arm's reach right now
I don't have them on, I love them
You see all the time I wear them, everywhere I go
They're dynamite shades, I highly suggest you get some
If you're looking for a pair, and if you don't love them
Exchange for a new pair or return them for free within 30 days.
There's no risk when you shop with Shady Rays.
Their team always has your back.
So go to ShadyRays.com slash chicklets for 50 off two or more pairs of polarized sunglasses.
Again, it's an unreal deal.
The sunglasses are awesome.
If you lose them or break them, they give you new ones.
I don't know how you wouldn't try this deal out so shady rays get on it enjoy them they're fantastic
sunglasses where you must love that because i know you always have shades on you and you are
sensitive to light right oh yeah i need to polarize i uh i love shady rays they're the absolute best
and i've spent so much money in my life now i can occasionally get a pair sent to me I think I've lost like over a hundred pairs it's well documented yeah I think we've talked about
on the pod before and I gotta ask you guys one favor and going back to what I talked about in
the opening ask your wives you and Merle's RA I don't think you even have to I think if I can eat
dinner in the car not dinner I want you to go in there and I want you to listen to two tunes two
of my sneaky bangers I'm going to tee up for you you got to do in there and i want you to listen to two tunes two of my sneaky
bangers i'm going to tee up for you you got to do the elton john take me to the pilot let me know
how you feel after you crank it listen to it in the car after taking a couple deep breaths and then
i said uh i said tina turner earlier uh what's love got to do with it grinelli you're gonna like
this the kygo version i know i got my riff with Kygo because he would incredible.
It's got to do.
Got to do it.
Got to do it.
What?
What a couple of bangers.
And I would I would expect you guys to come up with one sneaky banger that I can listen to in my car before before the end of the
podcast i gotta i already have it for you me too go ahead i have it and i i tweeted about it because
i was watching the sports net feed they did a little montage before that game six and it was
the heat is on and it it got me so fired up i ended up going back under the to the to the betting site and hammering even more
on the abs because it got me so fired up the heat is on do you know what the you know why that song
hurts me i'm pretty sure the flames play it when they score and i i had a lot of minuses the heat
is on am i making that up do they not play i don't i don't know i don't really consider no they play
uh johnny cash i think or something i don't know i don't really consider that a sneaky banger what
do you think all right do you like that tune you think it's a sneak banger with the heat is on
nah i love how you give out your sneaky bangers that we could not agree with and then merle says
one you're like you could disagree with my sneaky bangers i'm just saying like that's not a tune
you're putting on in the car and like gets you going the two i mentioned are anthems they get you going you're gonna be fucking fist
pumping in the car and your old lady's gonna be calling the lawyer filing for divorce because
she thinks her fucking husband lost her mind because he's hanging out in the car like it's
a goddamn movie costume i got a good sneaky banger you can call me al by paul simon You Can Call Me Al by Paul Simon.
That's a great one.
Come on, Diz.
What do you got, Whit?
Ramblin' Gamblin' Man by Bob Seger.
Give it a fucking shot, dude.
It's a banger.
Caught Up In You, 38 special.
38 special, get some fucking bangers.
Caught Up In You?
Yeah.
I'm so caught up in you.
Grinnelli, we should... I'm going to play all these tonight.
As soon as this is over, I'm going to put them all on here.
We should start a...
Mute the fucking radio.
Listen, we should start an iTunes or Spotify playlist.
Sneaky banger playlist from the Spittin' Chickles.
I like that song.
I like that song.
I'm on it, biz.
Good stuff.
Good stuff.
Some other big news that happened since we last spoke.
Hall of Fame announcements on Monday.
The latest inductees, Henrik Sedin, Daniel Sedin, Daniel Alfredson,
Roberto Luongo, all the NHL players who got in.
Finnish women's player Rika Salinen.
I'm sorry if I'm not pronouncing that correctly.
She spent 16 seasons with the Finnish National Women's team.
Herb Carnegie went in the builders
category posthumously. He's
frequently cited as pro hockey's first black
star. He was a three-time MVP
of the Quebec Provincial League, also
played in a line with the legend Jean Bellevaux
on the Quebec Aces of the Quebec Senior
Hockey League. He never made it to the
NHL, but Willie O'Ree did say it should have been
Herbie who would have been the first black nhla uh so congrats to all those guys but uh this
is the annual talk who got screwed yet again and i know i've been saying alexander mcgillney and
i'm going to say that again but let's go to you guys and see who you think got screwed biz what
do you have for us buddy well i think i think we continue to harp on it i think that we say
alexander mcgillney i think jr being an american-born player who scored over 500 goals I think we continue to harp on it. I think that we say Alexander Mogilny.
I think JR, being an American-born player who scored over 500 goals,
I guess it's the Keith Kachuk argument can be made as well,
given with what he did, especially in the era he did it in,
how many goals he scored.
And then there was one other guy, RA,
that you had listed down as one of your three that I agreed with. i'm drawing a blank as to the patrick elias patrick elias and he also has
the stanley cups to match the resume so uh and given the longevity yeah i think that all those
guys at a certain point deserve to be in now i hate that sometimes that conversation does overshadow the fact that
some well-deserving people did get in daniel alfredson no-brainer um who else i got it
sadine the deans the sadines yep i gotta be honest i when i saw luongo's name i was surprised
and and i think i thought look he doesn't have a Vesna um he was never a
first team all-star in the league but then you look he's I think he's second all-time in games
played by a goal he's fourth all-time and wins both of those really helped the argument uh I
think he was a finalist for the Vesna three or four times but I was I don't know I was kind of
like oh like I think without the Vesna and without
the first all-star team as a goalie maybe that's a little surprising um there's probably arguments
for it both way I mean he won a world cup he won a a gold medal um he won a couple world
championships I believe went to the final game seven I thought the Sadiq right away made sense. I think Henrik won the Hart Trophy.
Daniel won the Ted Lindsey at the time.
And I think that was the year Corey Perry actually got the Hart Trophy.
They both won the scoring title.
Alfredson made a ton of sense.
So all of these, I don't really have a beef with.
But I don't know if you guys are totally disagreeing with me.
But when I heard Luongo right away before really looking at the resume I think it was immediate kind of not shock but
a little surprise yeah I like the Sedins they were in my draft uh the hall of fame move was how Burke
got them both to Vancouver that was just legendary the stuff he pulled off for that
I gotta agree with you on Luongo with I mean, he was there, he's played a long time, but he never...
I think his Twitter put him over the edge,
Merle. That was the
last checkmark, because you can put
him in the building category
as kind of the whole
encompassing picture.
What about Pierre Turgeon?
He's not in there either. A lot of
people seem to want him in there.
Yeah, he's another guy. I think he's on the top of 34 scores or something. He's not in there either. A lot of people seem to want him in there. Yeah, he's another guy. I think he's
on the top of 34 scores or something. He's the
only guy who's not in the Hall of Fame.
But I think his playoff resume
probably works against him. The same with Kika Chuck.
I think keeping an American doesn't help me
either, but first American to lead the league in goals.
He did what he did, but like I said,
his playoff resume probably works against him as well.
And everybody was deserving
of this year. As far as Luongo, I'm not surprised he got in.
I mean, we've constantly heard him refer to his future Hall of Fame goalie,
Roberto Luongo.
It's just, you know, when these well-deserving folks get in, you know,
there's still all these other ones who don't.
And you wonder, like, are they going to get in?
I guess, again, especially guys like McGillney, not just the hockey,
but the fucking defecting from Russia at the time of the Cold War.
That's like head shaking to me.
Like this guy put risked his ass, risked his life, his family's life
to come here to play hockey.
And he was fucking awesome.
He won a Stanley Cup and he scored at a level like unseen.
And he's not in.
That's just the biggest head shake.
And one of the best stories in pro hockey I've ever heard.
Now, if this is true, I think he should have been a fucking first ballot.
So towards the end of his career, he was playing with the New Jersey Devils and I don't know if
there was a falling out between Lou but he ended up getting sent down to the minors I played against
Alexander Mogilny when he was playing for the Albany River Rats right around the corner from
Merles so he was still living in the city so he went into the coach's office and he goes,
how much is the fine in order to miss practice?
And the coach said the number and he,
I apparently he walked out and then came back in with a check that had,
he'd added up all the remaining practices for the rest of the season,
handing the coach a check for not showing up to those practices.
So just an absolute vet move. And he was still filthy at that time.
I think he probably was a little bit rattled that he'd like go through the
whole team and dangle everyone and make these backdoor passes.
And,
you know,
some of these AHL guys didn't even know what the fuck to do with them.
Merle's a shit based on the,
on the post missing.
Yeah,
exactly.
But so yeah, one of my favorite pro hockey stories and definitely a guy who should
be in there now going back to Luongo maybe just they could have just waited a couple more because
I mean there was probably never a doubt that he was eventually going to get in but to make sure
that they're rushing these guys to the front of the line where there might be some other guys that
are have been waiting a while I I get where your frustration comes all right i get the same tone in your voice uh the way i do at the beginning of every hockey season
when they mention that some people locally can't watch their team play and that fire gets burning
under your ass and you make sure to give a big double barrel fuck you to all these cable companies
screwing hockey fans out of watching their local broadcasts well what was what was good is everybody was able to watch the Stanley Cup again.
First time the Stanley Cup was on over-the-air free TV ever, all the games.
So no complaints.
Nobody could complain about not being able to watch the Stanley Cup this year.
So that was good.
I think, all right, that's a perfect way to stroke off the league
as we give off our last wrister.
They did an incredible job with, you know,
having to balance through the Olympic situation over the COVID situation.
And the league has put themselves in such a great place.
And it's because of all the hardworking people behind the scenes that make
everything operate. I know that you guys like to rip on Bettman.
Everybody,
everybody has done a fucking incredible job to get the league to where the
viewership is
where it's at revenues are at an all-time high coming out of covid so thank you to everybody
all the hard-working people at the league and of course all you amazing hockey fans new and old
fucking a hockey's on a rocket ship guys it's on a rocket ship future future is bright man
awesome season we got an awesome playoffs.
And it does seem like we are getting new fans, Biz.
The ratings are up.
The numbers are up.
And then the amount of people.
People say nice things to us all the time when we meet them. And one of my favorites is when I didn't even watch hockey.
I started listening to you guys, and now I'm a hockey fan.
I got back into hockey because of you.
It makes my heart sing, man.
I love how you turned this into a pump in our tires.
All right.
I respect that.
Yeah.
I'll give myself a pat on the back.
I do have one issue.
Can we please somehow?
It'll never happen.
I don't think.
But can can hockey end in May?
Can there be no hockey in June?
Agreed.
What the fuck?
Great run.
I don't mean to be Mr. Negative, although that's my tagline. I'm just like, come on. We got to end hockey in June. Agreed. What the fuck? Great run. I don't mean to be Mr. Negative, although that's my tagline.
I'm just like, come on.
We got to end hockey in May.
June is not hockey.
Yeah, I hear you there.
But as long as they're doing 82 games, they're not going to start
turning that gate money away.
Well, no, they don't want to start earlier because of football,
but just don't play games on Sunday.
It's just I don't know.
Whatever.
Yeah.
Different. I agree with you i agree with you 100 the future is bright like i said because of all these guys who are playing outstanding level of hockey more awards too
we got to get to the rest of them no real surprise here our buddy austin matthews he won both the hot
trophy and the ted lindsey award the hot voted by the Pro Hockey Writers Association. The Ted Lindsey by his peers.
No real surprise there.
Congrats to Marit Sider on his call to trophy in his terrific season.
It was pretty funny when we were interviewing him.
Buddy Jake Tebow, who presented the award, said, hey, I'm doing the call to him.
Lo and behold, it was right during the interview, right when we were talking to Sider.
So congrats to him.
Awesome season by that kid.
I love how he said, I didn't prepare speech. Just go with the flow and don't mess up big shout out to everyone sitting here my parents
couldn't make it they just got back in croatia and thought it was more important to go on vacation
they got to get a little downtime after doing all they did to sacrifice to raise that kid oh yeah
come on yeah great great stuff from there uh also uh rangers go eagle shisterkin won the vesna that
was pretty much a slam dunk no No surprise. He should have lost
it because of his salad. That might be the worst
hair going right now. Worse than Austin's.
Now, did you guys think anybody
got screwed on any awards, any bad votes?
I don't think
we should glance over Austin Matthews
Tam and the Gucci belt
and him just rocking his style. He was
next to Judd. Judd had the Gucci
on too. Judd had the Gucci shirtci on too they were at the gucci
shirt yeah oh yeah oh yeah judd's gotta get on here we gotta get judd on here yeah no so congrats
to him well deserved uh definitely the mvp in my book so he's got uh here's my prediction and i
know we said we're gonna go away from the leafs talk i think that the leafs are gonna run it back
to back i don't think they're just gonna win win one Stanley Cup. Back-to-back first-round exits?
No.
I think something special is brewing.
Next year is going to be their time.
They got all the pieces they need.
We just talked about Colorado.
They got beat in the second round last year after going up 2-0
to the Vegas Golden Knights.
Colorado doesn't have Kale McCarr.
I mean, Toronto doesn't have Cale McCarr.
What are you going to say?
What are you popping in here for, G?
As much as it pains me to say this, Biz,
I do think that Toronto Maple Leafs may win the Stanley Cup next season.
Back to back.
Right now, they're second favorite.
I got two hot takes going into next year already.
I got, and I know it's June
wit, but I want to fucking beat these down
to you guys so you don't forget them over the
summer break. Kind of like when you take
your school. I think I'm picking them to get out of the
first round next year, by the way. I think
they're going to run it back to back.
And I think that torts
is going to bring Philly into playoffs.
I want to see what their goalie is
before I decide they're going to.
Doesn't matter.
The biz calling a cup, two cups for the Leafs.
We've got to keep track of all the futures this time.
I might keep notes.
I'm keeping the notes.
I'm like, all right, I'm not keeping them from everyone.
I'm fucking giving it the triple stamp of approval right now,
back-to-back for the Leafs.
Especially after what Austinin matthews
just did he's gonna bring it again next year if i can miss eight games still had 60 goals
he's gonna take a shit on the league he's gonna be the first guy to get 70 in a long time next year
and they're gonna go on to get their first of the back-to-back and dubas and shandy even though they
got dragged through the mud by cadre they're gonna come back with vengeance next year they're gonna
go back to back
and fucking dunk on him in their
postgame presser after they win
it at home on home ice in
Toronto.
There you go.
That's it.
That's all I got.
Wow.
One other note on the awards.
The New York Post.
Larry Brooks abstained from
voting.
He said three or four days before
the ballots would do.
I notified Frank Cvalli that
i would not participate in the voting due to a a lack of lead-wide playoff media regulations that
would facilitate access to players and b masking regulations that seemed absurd it's like uh you're
a hero brooksie you probably fucking maybe screwed some guy out of an award he deserved hey you know
what the mask is bullshit so he's fucking right on that one.
Atta boy, Brooksy.
But it ain't going to change.
It's not a point of agreeing or disagreeing with it.
It's just it doesn't change anything.
You know, you just you're pulling on a sword.
Brooksy's bigger than the players.
Let him announce.
Let me get this straight.
Did you just did you just read off the fact that he said all that
because he's not happy that they're still mandating the masks?
He yeah, he didn't.
That's why he didn't vote.
He abstained from voting because he doesn't like the masking regulations
and because the way the league facilitated interviews to players,
access to players.
Like, that's all.
I'm not going to vote.
So potentially screw some guy out of an award who might get a cash bonus
or build his resume because I don't like these policies.
Like, one's not going to affect the other, man. It's's like i get it's his choice but now but the thing is if you don't vote or if you
don't get your ballot in on time you you can't vote for future um future awards i don't know
how long that lasts for but i'm kind of with win i don't know why but i love the move by him and i
love the move by him and now our move it's a power now and now it's about an hour ride from New York City to Philly so Brooksie can go back down and see Torts.
I'll pay for his fucking train ticket.
I'll get him his own cart.
Shit, all right.
Moving right along.
Buddy Shores, he called it.
Paul Maurice is going for a minute.
Wait, wait, wait.
We're not going to talk about Shusterkin's salad?
It was horrible.
That might be worse than Grinelli's salad.
I didn't even know when
he plays he has like a fucking thing in it that holds it back what's that called like a like a
elastic man bun no he's got like banana clip it's the upside down u that goes over like
yeah like soccer players wear it sometimes yeah did he have that on at the awards too
yes it looked brutal he he just maybe needs a little bit more conditioner.
It looked a little dry.
It's coming from me with this freaking terrible, terrible joke of a salad I got.
It looked way better than just turkey.
And, R.A., the reason I cut you off, I wanted to touch on one more thing about the awards.
I thought they did a really good job of incorporating people from the hockey community.
In the case of jake tebow
he was obviously paralyzed playing hockey um one of the more difficult but inspiring things to watch
was uh chris snow snowy oh my god dude his wife kelsey and the kids like
oh dude we were all at barstool for that We were at the, that was before game four.
And what a warrior.
And what a warrior.
And I had had no idea, right, what that disease has done so far. And to see Chris, you know, holding his jaw to make sure he could get it out.
I think all of us sitting there were pretty emotional, you know,
and trying to talk after that about the game and the awards.
It was one thing, but what an amazing person he is.
You've seen what he's done, what he's accomplished.
He's on Twitter a lot.
His wife's on there talking about how much they appreciate the support
and the love from the hockey community.
But it was really hard for me to see him have to, you know,
do that to himself.
What a fighter he is.
And Snowy, we're with you, man.
I know that you're an absolute warrior and and the entire hockey world is thinking about you and and and really really
appreciate what what you're doing to show strength through through the toughest battle of your life
and and to bring awareness to it too like yep people going through that i i you know you got
to imagine that you know they want to go deal with the fight on their own and and the fact that he's
doing it publicly and and him and his wife are bringing so much awareness to the disease.
And, oh, man, that is that was emotional having to watch that.
So to the Snow family, you guys rock.
Anybody who's listening, make sure you go show love and support.
And I'm sure there's links to donate.
Yeah, that's that's weak side.
Strong dot org is the Snow family foundation to join the fight
against als so you can donate there so yeah i just figured we needed to bring that up guys i'm so
happy you remembered to bring that up as yeah so great job by the league again to to make sure that
they they involve all these amazing people from the hockey community especially those uh you know
fighting for their lives well said boys well said. I mentioned that buddy Shorzy.
He called it right last episode.
Paul Maurice is going from Manitoba to Manatee country as the Florida Panthers
hired him as their new head coach. He said he caught them on TV recently,
mentioned to his wife how he was intrigued by this team.
And a few weeks later, his son got admitted to the university of Miami.
I guess that got the wheels rolling. No word yet on Andrew Burnett.
The Panthers do want him to stay, as does Maurice.
We'll see what happens there.
This will be the fourth franchise that Maurice coaches.
He coached, of course, Hartford Carolina twice, Toronto, Winnipeg.
This will be his 25th NHL season.
Holy shit.
He's got the fourth most games and the seventh most wins.
He's also coached the AHL Mollies for a year and the KHL for one season with
guys. Is he the best hire available for Florida?
I don't, I don't know. That's hard. I mean,
I think the best hire available is trots.
He's Merle's is going to go into calling his year off. And I don't know,
Paul Maurice is a Stanley cup champion. He had some really good years.
Every everywhere.
I mean, everywhere he's been, they've had successful teams.
He had a good run with Winnipeg.
Shut it down on his own this year.
I was a little surprised.
Shorzy was right.
Don't forget about him.
I really wasn't even thinking.
I kind of want to shout out Andrew Brunette.
You've got to feel for him a little bit.
I mean, that team, they're not built right now to win a Stanley Cup.
And, yeah, he got out-coached by John Cooper,
but the teams aren't even close.
He's trying to talk to me about the Panthers.
Yeah, they won the President's Trophy.
They don't have the makeup of a Stanley Cup champion.
They don't have the defense.
And I think that he comes in, he does a great job.
The team can score as well as anyone else in the league.
And he's up for Coach of the Year, and boom.
He's got to feel pretty slighted.
I'm seeing it very difficult for him want to stay there as the assistant coach dude
after the the job he did i mean it's not on him completely that the way they got swept in that
second round so you feel bad for him to have the year that he did and then be asked and then he's
kind of he's he's like just kind of hanging on the entire offseason so far it's like well can I go try to
get another job you're telling me I still might be the guy the way they handled that I thought
was bullshit uh but Paul Maurice I don't think I think he'll do a good job there but I think no
matter who the coach is there they need to make changes in as a team as the way the team's built
you can't play run and gun hockey and win the Stanley Cup and you saw how quickly that came to an end when they played a great defense and a great goalie in the second round
that's definitely a coaching cuck job going down in florida i knew the minute they started
interviewing people that he was done for um paul maurice um i love the hire i love paul maurice
i love his uh his post-game pressers i he's very insightful. I think he's extremely thoughtful in all of his answers. And he's a treat to have in the league. Much like I like torts for his reasons, I like Maurice for his reasons. But this will be a massive, massive test for him to see if he can get this team over the hump. I look at Winnipeg and of course he's won his Stanley cup,
but there has been a while where he has not won any hardware and Winnipeg was a
team. And you guys can correct me if I'm wrong with the group that they have
with the offense, the potent offense.
I know that they might've lacked a little bit on the backend,
or at least in recent memory, they've had the goaltending.
He wasn't really able to get that
group past a certain point and obviously gained some frustration from it ended up walking away
himself when realizing that he just really couldn't keep banging the same drum and get those guys to
buy in so he's going to a team that's teed up and ready to win a cup. This is, I look at the Florida Panthers exactly like I look at like the Colorado Avalanche,
for instance, maybe last year, maybe even the year before.
A few tweaks here or there from Bill Zito from bringing in some personnel.
And I think that they can get themselves over the edge.
And I think that they have a coach who can do it.
But all the pressure in
the world on Paul Murray seeing that if he can get back to that championship caliber coaching
because I feel that he wasn't really able to get it done in Winnipeg with some very very good teams
and not even to a Stanley Cup final did they even end up going to a conference finals with him I
believe that they went to what? Winnipeg?
Winnipeg lost in the conference final to Vegas.
To Vegas, that's right.
And that was kind of the last time they got the one kick at the can with Paul Maurice.
So, interested to see what he can do.
And I do really like the hire.
I know my boy, Talk, was in the mix for that one.
I heard his interview went extremely well.
It went extremely well with Winnipeg as well.
And, Merle, we're going to end up kicking it over to you here
for your prediction on Trotz.
But the coaching carousel continues.
You don't see that young blood that you mentioned earlier.
But what did you make of the news that you said
that was going to come out, Merle?
Yeah, with Trotz, you could see he looked a little worn down but the the main thing was when all the chips start at the fall it's kind
of like the players everybody sits and waits for that first first guy like this year everybody
will wait and see what johnny goudreau does then they'll start signing players all these teams
started signing coaches without trots so i think trots must have told them i'm out of it or they
they read the
situation too. That's kind of how I figured out that he was taking the year off. And of course,
there's no way to gamble on that, or I would've, would've made a nice hit on that one. But
coaching's tough. It's, it's a tough job and it's, it wears on you after that many years.
And I believe the Winnipeg fans though, biz, because kicking the I believe the Winnipeg fans though biz what does kicking the
dick for the Winnipeg fans who are hoping you're getting the best coach in the league or one of
them who's a hometown guy and now you know he says no to them and it's like that's that's gonna be I
think it'll be a tough couple years you heard that Wheeler and the team have kind of agreed to maybe
try to move him and you got Kyle Connor there, but there's going to be some, I think there's going to be some lean years for the jets coming up here.
I don't think it's I don't think it's a secret to anyone. And we, you know,
we don't, we try not to be hard on, on too many situations, you know,
player podcasts and all. I don't think the locker room is at its best.
I think that's part of the reason why Maurice ended up walking away.
I know that Wheeler grew very,
very frustrated with the fan base
to points where in post-game press conferences and questions,
he was getting pretty snarky with the fan base.
He didn't appreciate some of the booing that was going on,
maybe some of the frustration about the play from on the ice.
So they need a complete overhaul, and maybe Trott saw that as something
that wasn't going to be able to be fixed.
And, you know, you're living in Winnipeg.
And if you're not winning most nights, it could be a long fucking season.
And going from the situation he had on Long Island where he had a cup-ready team,
and I know they had an off year, they're still going to be right back in the mix.
So sometimes with everything that's going on in his personal life,
the emotions of losing that job and probably a group that he loved coaching
I don't blame him for taking the year off and I think he was probably the oldest coach
in the league last year at I want to guess 64 years old I think Trotsky's 59 for some reason
guessing off the top of my head but we can check but either way because he did say I've been doing
this for 25 straight years and I put a lot of stuff in the back burner and i think
it's time uh he also said i had to turn away free beer and free tickets and all that stuff i know
i'm a good coach but you can't be a good coach if you're not fully committed so apparently he did
hear about that free beer offer he is 59 already you're correct correct. Ah, God damn it. Business by 10.
Where did I get 64 from?
Who's 64 in the league?
Maybe Quinville?
Talk it.
Talk it, probably.
I'm not talking.
Torts.
Torts.
Torts is 64. Torts is 64.
God damn it.
How old's Quinville?
Talk might block you again now, dude.
Well, I'm going to tell him you thought he was 64.
I thought you were 64. No, I clearly fucking to tell him you thought he was 64.
I thought you were 64.
I clearly fucking fumble fuck my words.
Quinville is 63, Biz.
Okay.
All right.
So.
He said he hasn't sat out on coaching.
Just called last year a bizarre season.
Of course, he's got a cup, two Jack Adamses.
So I'm sure we'll see him back in the league at some point.
A lot of talk about hiring and getting jobs and whatnot this time. So, hey'm going to talk to you about zip recruiter i'm excited to travel this summer once
the season's over gonna do a little vacay with the old lady but have you ever thought of all the
people that make a vacation truly great people like the hotel concierge you know the best places
to go get something to eat or the tour guide with those great recommendations well if you're hiring
you can find great people like that for your roles at ZipRecruiter.
ZipRecruiter's technology finds the right candidates for your job, and you can invite your top choices to apply.
Four out of five employers who post on ZipRecruiter get a quality candidate within the first day.
So try ZipRecruiter for free at ZipRecruiter.com slash SC.
That's ZipRecruiter.com slash SC. That's ziprecruiter.com slash SC.
ZipRecruiter, the smartest way to hire.
I'm not sure how many of these GMs are using ZipRecruiter,
but this is probably the year to do it.
Let's see, we got another hiring for you.
Frank Cerevelli reported that Luke Richardson would be named the head coach of the Chicago Blackhawks
once contract details are hammered out,
and that became official on Monday.
Richardson played 21 NHL seasons before moving behind the bench as an
Ottawa assistant head coach in Binghamton and Isles assistant.
And then the last four, last four years as an assistant with the Habs,
the Hawks also promoted Megan Hunter to assistant GM hockey operations,
making her the fourth female GM in NHL history.
Are you guys surprised that the Blackhawks hired Luke Richardson,
considering he never actually coached in the Chicago organization?
I just, I don't have an opinion on it,
other than I think that going back to talk,
and I saw him tweet something out saying he was one of the best teammates
he ever had, and seems like a lot of people love the move.
And you go back to Merle's comment earlier,
I like the fact that they're kind of going off the board,
and I think that they should be doing that more.
And so from everything I've heard, this is the right guy for the job,
extremely well-liked guy,
and hopefully he can get that organization back on track.
Absolutely.
Good luck to Luke Richardson in Chicago.
So right now, Winnipeg, Boston Boston and Detroit still have vacancies on the bench.
Dale Talon.
Boston hires David Quinn.
Heard he's possibly in the running former BU and Rangers coach.
Be a great guy to hopefully get the job from the bees.
You know, Don Sweeney got a new extension.
So, Jesus, you know, you're safe as the Bruins coach.
He's the next guy to get gassed.
Yeah.
Why were why were Rangers fans uh
not happy with Quinn were they just the dumbest fan base on the planet okay they're just being
scumbag losers like always okay they they blamed him for it was like dude you look at what they
changed with that team they brought in Revo they just became a better team like and and they just
blamed Quinn it was just like, they're idiots.
Well, two things.
I love that you pumped Revo's tires and the fact that that's what turned things around.
He was a big factor, I thought.
For sure.
For sure.
He probably should have got some hardware this year.
Going back to Quinn, though, you think that he's a great head coach and you think he should get the B's job.
He coached at BU, correct? He coached at BU. He coached the U. should get the B's job. He coached at BU, correct?
He coached at BU.
He coached the U.S. National Development Program.
Then he coached at BU.
They were very successful with the team he had there
and then got his chance in the NHL.
I mean, the Rangers did a good job and then took that little step back
the year that it was the shit-kicking against the Capitals
and what all went down with that and got let go.
I know he wants to coach the NHL again.
And why not give him another chance in Boston?
I mean, I tell you right now too, Jim Montgomery needs a job.
Jim Montgomery was a hell of a coach at Dallas and there were some off ice
issues. You know, everyone deserves a second chance.
He's become a probably a better coach in the time away working with the blues
assist as an blues assistant. He will be a head coach again and he deserves it yeah absolutely that's why i'd
like to see the bees high i don't know if it's going to happen jay leach another name you hear
prominently uh yeah they uh bruins officially extended don sweeney on monday uh his deal is
set to expire this week we've been hearing about the extension for a while while it's official
uh the bruins got ratioed hardcore on Twitter.
Quote, tweets, replies.
A lot of animosity about the GM
here in Boston. Not happy about it.
Also, per Joey McDonald, great
reporter here in Boston, Patrice Bergeron
will return next season.
Nothing official yet. He's on vacation.
He's going to meet with the team when he returns, but
I wrote a blog about it, too, and
you're wondering, this guy, he's a warrior.
He's been through so many battles.
Is he going to come back?
And I think, Whit, you know, if he didn't come back,
he'd probably feel the umbrage on that he was quitting on the team
because obviously half the D is going to be on the DL.
His wingman, Marshawn, is going to be laid up for a while.
They don't have a coach yet.
I think he probably said, shit, man, I can't be on this team right now.
I'm going to take another kick at the can.
What's your reaction to him coming back?
I think he needs the money.
Yeah, underpaid all those years, taking the fucking lowest salary.
Oh, did you take it away?
I wasn't that surprised.
I think I said a couple of weeks ago,
I think he would come back for one more year.
Yeah, I mean, nothing really surprises me with him in terms of when,
when it comes to being a good teammate and a leader. I mean,
I've talked about this guy since this,
when it was you and I on your couch already is the person everyone wants to be
like in the NHL. And I don't think he was ready to shut it down yet,
but it is, it is tough to look at that team,
at least the first half of the year, you know, no,
possibly no Grizzly, no McAvoy, no Marshawn. I mean, they're,
they're in for a tough go at the beginning,
maybe enough that it could be really hard to even make the playoffs.
I mean, their division's getting better.
It's going to be a difficult road for the Bruins.
And I think that Bergeron coming back just shows what a legend he really is.
Hey,
I think there are a team that could sneak into the playoffs
once all those guys get healthy,
and they could still have one more kick at this thing
with some new blood in the coaching department.
Now, you mentioned they got ratioed on Twitter.
You're talking about the Sweeney extension.
Yes.
I think the main complaint for Boston fans is drafting and developing and asset management over the course of his tenure with the Boston Bruins, because they've really had a lot of those pieces in place when he ended up taking over.
Right.
Yeah, absolutely.
And of course, that 2015 draft.
I mean, that's people always go back to it because it was a disaster.
Frankly, you know, you had three picks.
The only one guy's been an NHL regular, Jake DeBrusque.
And then you see who was taken after.
And even, you know, even if maybe they took one of those guys after,
they could have won another couple or two.
It's just that.
And they're 29th of 32 per the athletic for their prospect pool right now.
I mean, the cupboard is bare here, basically.
And, yeah, whose fault is all that?
It goes to Don Sweeney, man. It's a lot of things that aren't great here right now. I mean, the cupboard is bare here, basically. And yeah, it's whose fault is all that? It goes to Don Sweeney, man.
It's a lot of things aren't great here right now. And again,
asset management overpaying for guys. It's just, I don't know.
I don't know why, why they got rid of Cassie and kept him.
I would have been fine. Like I said before,
if they turfed them both and brought up some new voices and, you know,
I know I'm a nearly guy and, you know, I waved the flag for him.
And, you know, this is where we talk about collaborativeness.
Like, you know, does Sweeney have full autonomy to make his calls?
Does nearly have overrule him?
This is stuff we don't know.
So I don't want to call for a guy's job if I don't know that he screwed up that bad.
I don't know.
Cam's been pretty adamant that Don handles all the contracts that Don handles the drafting.
And then once that contract reads a certain number, that Don handles the drafting, and then once that contract
reads a certain number,
it then goes to Jacobs.
Okay.
Like the McAvoy deal.
That one went across Mr. Burns' desk.
Exactly.
Excellent.
Let's see.
Dale Tallon joined the Canucks
as a senior advisor and pro scout.
Dale Tallon still out there
watching games, getting it done.
Let's see frank
sarah valley also reported riley smith and vagas have reached a verbal agreement on an extension
but nothing announced yet and zadano char will decide on his future plans in september for his
agent matt cadis just just stop it's over please come on let the kids play we got a spot for you
on the chicklets cup ball hockey roster buddy just we need a little
bit of toughness z stop doing this we'll get you we'll get you a dietician there we'll get we'll
get you a masseuse we'll get you a strength coach just come on dude enough uh let's see let the kids
play buddy let the kids play uh when i know you mentioned earlier, Ryan Wasowski.
Just want to give a shout out to Chicago of the AHL.
They won that call the cup.
They beat Springfield in five games.
Ryan Wasowski, a local guy was in Marshfield, right?
Yeah, he grew up there.
A good family friend of ours.
Great kid.
There's four boys.
Dave played in the NHL for a while.
And I think Ryan started as an assistant coach at Curry College in Milton,
Massachusetts. And then he went on, he started in the East Coast League, goes on to become a head
coach, title there, title in Charlotte, I believe, and then title now in Chicago. So that is a future
NHL coach right there. And he's a kid who's such a good person. I love the family. I'm so happy for
him. and I mean
three titles now he could be the next Bednar if he gets the show and gets a cup and ironically
enough they both started coaching with that amazing group they have in South Carolina and
the Stingrays I believe it is yeah the South Carolina Stingrays and they've also produced some
some assistant coaches that are in the National Hockey League as well so massive coaches pool
coming out of South Carolina and I know you joked about spending 16 years on the coast and it being
like chernobyl hey it it puts a little character in you it's a league where you need to develop
grow a third ear and you gain appreciation for every level that you get to end up moving
towards obviously nhl being the the prize possession i was able to play in the east coast And you gain appreciation for every level that you get to end up moving towards.
Obviously, NHL being the prized possession.
I was able to play in the East Coast, and some of my most memorable stories are from the coast, Whit.
I know.
We just can't even tell them on the show.
Yeah, that's true.
I'll tell you what else I grew down there.
The Red Wings Avalanche documentary dropped on espn sunday unrivaled you any of
you guys have uh catch it at all i know we had busy not yet not yet i'd love to get darren
mccarty on to talk about it because he's been doing a bit of a press tour for it and he was
one of the guys who was very very involved in it we can get some good details to the filming and
how it all went down behind the scenes yeah i caught about half it i
zonked out last night but i gotta finish it was uh good stuff so far uh how about this clip of
ovi playing soccer just fucking truck sticking dudes all over the pitch i mean can't be too
surprised merles you see you see that yeah i caught that clip it was uh it's a russian super
league team he he signed with but it was a friendly game,
and I guess it was against a bunch of bloggers.
It was a fucking, it was a Putin hockey goal.
It was the same fucking thing.
That goalie should have stopped that.
Ovi going against the cast of characters
in the barstool office, you know, in a soccer match.
So, but I like, what really was impressive
is that he scored from that, like, right hash mark or he does in hockey yeah exactly how fitting yeah sick what's going on
with the memorial cup merles you up to date on that or what yeah that was my last note i wanted
to hamilton bulldogs they they won the semis last night in overtime i may or may not have live bet
that on a european website over here so
pretty happy with that one i wanted to give a shout out uh jay mckee is their head coach
former buffalo saber d-man blocked a thousand shots so you know that's probably the kind of
coaching he does and want to wish them good luck wednesday night they're taking on the saint john
sea dogs jay mckee is a beauty first of all he he
called me and asked me to do one of those uh like a video that i did ended up doing for the oil kings
but i was like i i can't repeat that in any form buddy but uh i asked him to come on the podcast
a few years ago while he started getting into his coaching career i want to say he was in uh
in erie yeah he started as an assistant in Erie.
Started as an assistant, but he's making that trek up,
and he's going to save it for maybe later on in his days,
maybe even when he's done coaching, come on the podcast,
because some of the stories this guy has, this guy is a hockey guy,
old school throwback through and through.
So congrats to him.
Beauty OT goal.
Nice tip.
A little load of high action.
Walk the line,
Kemp McCarr style,
and they're off to the finals,
baby.
All right.
We got a little gear grinding segment.
Things are always grinding my gears.
You know that it's not travel related,
even though someone sent me a picture last night,
some lady on a plane at a fucking dog,
monster dog thing,
had away 150 pounds.
She's in first class with her feet up on the TV and this fucking huge dog huge dog and the poor guy next to her like it wasn't with the person
who said the pitch said no the guy wasn't with he was very nice about it but just obnoxious to
bring a fucking dog that big in a plane it's not a service dog too it's not an ada service dog
that's not my grandma gears you know what drives me bananas dude it gives me like legit anxiety
when you're on a fucking group text with like 10 people like we have one for work that's we know each other that's
how we how we operate but when you get one from like your relative for pie and there's like 20
people on it and you only have like three of the numbers and everyone's going back and forth like
making jokes absolute fucking worst man drives me crazy you can leave this conversation just don't
fucking read it or lead the conversation
i you know what i try to fucking mute it or silence it and they're still they're still
coming through it's like i'll come to your party man just text me individually i don't need to be
with 17 000 people on here telling me like yeah i'll bring the fucking cheetos i'll bring the booze
i'll it's like it's brutal dude group they're trying to get a potluck going, R.A., for crying out loud. It's your family.
I know, man.
Just individually.
Any group text. You don't grind my gears.
You don't grind my gears.
Love and family.
I'll tell you a funny story about the group text.
And people at home can learn from this.
My brother, he set up a group text for his Kentucky Derby party
and his wife's name's Amber.
So A always comes up first.
So he goes and it's supposed to be to me and a couple other people
that are coming to this party.
So he just goes to Amber real quick.
It goes to the kids' youth soccer league.
The entire team, he starts getting answers.
Oh, party sounds great.
All these people he doesn't even know.
About two hours.
Could have been worse.
Could have been worse.
We had a guy at our golf course.
He started a group chat with probably 25 to 30 guys from Walliston on it.
And literally six minutes after it was created,
you just see Kevin Hayes has left the chat.
It was so funny. This was like three years ago ago i should have left the chat at that point too it's a good time but
it is it's a heavy it's a heavy group chat coming in hot most days kevin hayes the first minute he
saw it was out you know what gives me anxiety existing no it gives me anxiety looking at my
phone all day seeing text messages from a group
chat i don't want to be in oh well when you get one from someone you you got the number but you
don't know who it is like we did the live stream last week and i was getting like people like oh
tell biz this or tell biz that oh an unknown number fuck save it for next week yeah usually
i usually write new phone who dis like that that back but i don't know oh you that you write that
no shit i never heard of that oh yeah that's phone who dis like that, that back, but I don't know. You write that.
No shit.
I never heard of that.
Oh yeah.
That's phone.
Who dis that's from that movie of that show.
Y'all the worst.
Great, great show.
But I never even heard that.
I'm going to use that new phone.
Who dis?
Yeah.
It's a, it's a joke from that, but it actually works. Cause then people like, Oh, it's so-and-so, but I have no, by the way,
if you're listening, I have no idea who you were texting me.
He's running a live stream the other night.
So any final, any last thoughts? Last thing, golf, no idea who you are texting me. You're on a live stream the other night. Any last thoughts?
Last thing, golf, quick golf.
Keep your eye out.
Michael Theodore Bjornsson.
He pretty much was in the hunt to win the tour event in Connecticut,
the Travelers Championship.
He's an amateur.
He goes to Stanford.
He's actually from Massachusetts.
This guy is unreal, like a future superstar on the PGA Tour.
If you can get some future bets in, Michael Thiorbjornsen,
unreal player.
Last year in the Mass Am, he played in the final against Matt Parziale.
I've brought him up before.
He's the best amateur in the state.
He's played in two U.S. Opens and the Masters.
Parziale shots, it's a 36-hole final.
He's playing against this Thiorbjornsen.
Parziale shot 67 in the first round and was six down to him.
So this kid is a legitimate future world beater.
He had a great run this weekend on the PGA tour as an amateur.
So keep your eye out for him.
I love it.
All right.
And one last grind, my gears,
wives who don't let their husband listen to sneaky bangers in the car when
they get home
rambling gambling man bob seger biz listen to it i will elton john take me to the pilot and
tina turner kygo remix what's love got to do uh congrats to the to the abs congrats to the
lightning what a run and thanks eric john. We really appreciate him coming on. Hopefully we have a few more guests next episode.
Love all you guys.
Peace.
Peace.
Thanks for the great season.
Thank you.
Have a great week and get the Colorado merch.
Let's go.
They got to do it. As always, we like to thank our awesome sponsors here on Spit and Chicklet.
So huge thanks to our friends at Pink Whitney and New Amsterdam Vodka.
Big thanks to our longtime friends over at Roman.
And a big thanks to our friends over at Bodyama for keeping us hydrated. Huge thanks to our friends over at Roman and a big thanks to our friends over at body armor for keeping us hydrated huge thanks to our friends over at Shopify a big thank you to our friends at Shady Race
so best shades out there and huge thanks to our long-time friends at Zip Recruiter have a fantastic
week everybody
