Hey, Spittin' Chicklets listeners, you can find every episode on Apple Podcasts,
Spotify, or YouTube. Prime members can listen ad-free on Amazon Music.
Hello, everybody.
Welcome to episode 396 of Spittin' Chicklets, presented by Pink Whitney,
from our friends at New Amsterdam Vodka, here in the Barstool Sports Podcast family.
What's going on, folks?
First episode, well, games in quite a while.
Hopefully you enjoyed your Canada Day, July 4th, whatever else you might have celebrated.
But let's check in with the fellas, see what they did over the holiday weekend.
Let's cross the pond to our buddy Matt Murley, a.k.a. Merles, a.k.a. Murr.
What's going on, my man?
What is up, fellas?
I am in one over here.
Shocker.
This goes back to our family, my whole family.
We were over in the U.S. in April.
My daughter was old enough to get the chicken pox vaccine. So I make the call to my
good friend, Dr. John O'Brien, big chicklets listener. Hey doc, got to get my daughter in,
get her the vaccine. He goes, I'm a little under the weather. I said, not a big deal,
doc. We'll be back at the end of July and August. We'll get it done then.
Friday night, we see a couple of dots couple dots ah they must just be bug bites nope full
blown chicken pox and this we are in one here if you googled chicken pox this is what she looks
like like the worst case there was a pause there i thought the story was ending at the fact that
she just can get the pox vaccine but all of a sudden she had an outbreak yeah so now we're two weeks away from coming back for the chicklets
cup she gets a huge outbreak she refuses to put on the lotion she refuses to go into the oatmeal
bath everyone tells us about it's an absolute shit show we're not sleeping i'm just feeding her
ice cream and and candy just to survive like the next hour it's absolute mayhem
so fourth of july is a little different for me this year over here chicken in the basket
morales i i think the biggest i think the biggest thing you might want to worry about is
i'd be a little worried if my doctor was a chiclets listener that's kind of a you might
you might have to make sure this guy knows what's going on. Dr. Kevorkian.
By the way, chickenpox, I believe they now say,
or maybe they forever have said, if that's the case,
you're supposed to have like a legit chickenpox party and just bring all the kids over and have them get it,
and then you never get it again.
I had the chickenpox bad one time,
and I remember doing the same thing.
I wouldn't let my parents put the lotion on.
So I don't blame her. Just take care of her.'ll be on the men soon enough but you're you won't
sleep now the next week no it's been tough but uh what are you gonna do tough way to start the
podcast is that gonna throw you off for chickles cup or what you're gonna be okay coming over
yeah i'll be i'll be said i got a kind of a foot injury again though coach so oh here we go here
we go here we go yeah here we go
fell down the stairs hey maybe uh maybe a couple shots of pink whitney for our helper i'll calm
her down oh i do have some i got my nice drinking age in uh in sweden uh 18 to go to the bars this
is interesting 18 you can go to the bar and you can drink but you cannot go to the store and buy
the booze until you're 20, I think, or 21.
What a stupid rule. What a stupid rule. That sounds like a rule for the US, some dumb rule
that makes no sense. All right, what else do I have for you, Merle? I'm surprised also you let
off the podcast with how crazy life is, but you are an insider. So we'll get to that a little bit
later. You are breaking news of an original sex. So I want to get into that story.
Oh, yeah. Can't wait to get to that. Mr. Grinnelli, what did you do for the 4th of July here?
Yeah. Unlike Merle's, I had myself a fantastic weekend.
I went down the Jersey Shore, actually rented a pontoon boat with a bunch of people from Barstool Sports on the 4th of July.
We went to this place called F Cove down the shore. It's unbelievable. A bunch of people pull up their boats to this spot.
Everyone's just boozing, having a great time.
The pink Whitney was flowing.
But to be honest, I'm most excited.
I want to hear from Biz.
Biz told me he's trekking around the wilderness all 4th of July.
So let's hear from him.
All right, Biz.
Yeah, I saw some nice scenic photos from wherever you were.
You can disclose it if you want.
What was your adventure like?
Well, Noah, so I drove all the way up to Victoria, B.C.
I stopped in Vancouver last night to see a buddy of mine, Donnie Superstein,
Joey Superstein's father.
And then I took the ferry over because I always describe him as Joey Superstein's father.
Fuck you, Whit.
I think you're messing with us at some point.
But no, it's like Donnie Superstein, Joey Superstein's father.
I love it.
I love driving. It's where I get a lot of my phone calls done, a lot of my thinking done. messing with us at some point but no it's like donnie superstein joey's father i love it i uh
i love driving it's where i get a lot of my phone calls done a lot of my thinking done so i actually
drove from arizona to jackson wyoming where i bought some property um over the the christmas
break there and just wanted to go see it and check it out i actually got together back back to back
days with brooks orpik who lives in jackson wyoming too so he took me on a hike
showed me the lay a hike excuse me showed me the lay of the land uh you know got to know where
places in town were but gee i i talked to you about it on the phone wit i don't think you've
been there either neither of you are a jackson hole wyoming is one of the most majestic places
on the planet it it's like you know you know in the beginning of jurassic park
when they start coming into the park area and you just say you're like what the fuck these mountains
can't be real so it was a it was a great couple days i went to check on the lot i ended up meeting
every single one of my neighbors up there because everybody's got 10 to 13 acres of parcels of land
so are there any are there any houses built up there yet sorry or there's oh
yeah yeah there's uh there's six houses built up there so far so it's a buddy it's the wild wild
west there so there's a as a parcel right beside me that's about 37 acres and uh i was talking to
my one neighbor who owns four of the parcels and he's got two houses on four of the parcels and he
ended up buying up the one in front of the one so nobody could build on it. That's how much dough this guy's got. But he tried to buy the parcel next to his, which was that 37 acre parcel. And the people like they won't even engage. Like you can't even see who like the listing guy is on it. So these people are just keeping these unbelievable properties. And they're sitting on them till the end of time, because that's how that's how special special this place is. So eventually I'll probably build something on it and then we'll have all you guys
out there and we can do some special chicklet stuff, but they got a, they got a, a senior team
in town. Uh, I think they're the moose, the Jackson moose. Uh, I don't know, maybe they'll
eventually get into like a higher level of pro but after i was done in jackson saying hi
to uh orpy i took off and then as i said i drove all the way up to victoria i'll be golfing vgc at
my club and uh moving into my place in september for for about a month and a half before the season
kicks off so it was quite the quite the trek and journey but uh saw saw a lot of beautiful places
on the way up that's for sure biz uh i gotta oh sorry go ahead
all right no i was gonna i asked you uh biz i didn't realize you hadn't like built anything
because i i was like are you running your place shit because i would love to go out there just
to fucking chill for a week and not worry about anything so i mean i i think like maybe like on
the way back down or next summer like i'd be down to go pitch some tents up there and you know have
a campfire and do whatever.
It's just, it's, it's a process there.
There's only so many workers. They're having a bit of a housing crisis for the people who actually build the homes because
of course everything's so expensive.
So I think near the village, they're actually building houses that are specific for people
who come into town to work.
So I think it was, I think was jackson hole was a place that
really popped off during the pandemic because people could only do so many things and obviously
the wilderness and the national parks that to a certain extent were open and they were just getting
an influx of people coming in to check it out and be able being able to actually do something
and i think that that's really sent it into a different stratosphere as far as people trying to move in.
So eventually, all right.
But, hey, if you want to go pitch a tent on my lot sometime, buddy, feel free.
All right.
Maybe I'll bring something to sleep in, too.
What are you going to ask him, Whit?
Like, what do you mean?
No, no, no, no.
Like a sleeping bag?
I was going to pitch a tent.
I was making a boner joke, Biz.
Oh, okay, okay, okay.
There you go.
There you go. There you go.
There you go.
Oh, listen, for anyone watching on YouTube and you guys checking on Zoom,
if you haven't noticed that R.A. right now,
his Chicklets logo looks exactly like his left nipple.
So please, R.A., say something so Biz can see you right now.
It is just perfect.
It's unbelievable.
It looks like your legit nipple.
I can't stop looking at it.
That is actually good placement, yeah. Now, R.A., let nipple. It looks like your legit nipple. I can't I can't stop looking at it. That is actually good. Good placement.
Yeah. Now, let's send it over to either you or when.
Actually, let's go to you, R.A. What did you do over your July 4th weekend?
I took it easy Friday and Saturday night, actually did a little work.
I finally finished the Red Wings Avalanche Unrivaled documentary blog.
We're going to get to that a little bit later.
I wrote up about the Montgomery hiring, which Merle
Had the scoop on, and I just kind of chilled out
I had a family cookout Sunday
Which was really nice, a lot of my family, we haven't
Seen each other, we haven't had the cookouts for the last couple
Years because of this COVID shit, so I had
A nice day with the family, kind of took it easy, was able
To, you know, I was able to drive home, I had two
Three beers when I got there, didn't drink for like the next
Six hours, then went home, met a few
Friends for drinks late night, but nothing Crazy crazy but it was nice to see some people then uh
celebrate the fourth not no not not landish this year yeah get a little rest buddy rest and
relaxation that a boy any firecrackers or fireworks fuck that noise man i'm all set with that shit
like i i'll watch the like the ones in the esplanade from afar but as far as like going
over to biffo's in the north end i'm buying fireworks and blowing my hand off all set with that shit yeah right all right all right it was
a guy like an m80s throwing them in the school toilets i mean did you see that bart simpson
that went viral the guy lit it off fireworks in front of the house like the lady had to get a
baby and run off to the in the house there was and then they hit all the fireworks they had in
the car it's not in a car of fights but going all over the internet fucking insane i did not
idiots every year there's a couple a couple of fireworks videos that go viral of people being donkeys
like there's one back up terry yeah there's there's one where a legit house burns down
because they were all stored in the garage and it just like yeah all right you are uh
you must have had fireworks going with the kids on july 4, no? Yeah, my brother-in-law and my wife's aunt, her husband.
When I bought this place in Nantucket, I know the guy I bought it from,
and he left basically everything in here, including, I don't know,
a couple grand worth of fireworks.
So this is the first July 4th we stayed.
I've been over here.
And I was like, all right, well, let's go.
But I'm not going anywhere
near that he's a correctionals officer i said you're gonna be the jpp of the correctional officers
union we've blown your hands off but they set it up in a way they had the pipe they set it all up
one of the packages just ripped off 50 right in a row you just lit it once it was sick we had a
great time uh out on the beach you could see him everywhere
like across the coast to like cape cod and then around to like the main area in nantucket so it
was a blast um what else did i biz i had something to ask you though oh how's orpo doing because i
i owe that guy a phone call was it was it good to catch up with him but he loved it out there
yeah he's doing awesome he's got two daughters, his wife. He's actually doing with the players, with Washington.
How do you say that when they talk to the players and stuff?
Player development?
Player development.
And I think just because Orpik, you know, he's good.
Why are you laughing?
Why are you laughing, G?
Because I fucked that up?
I just feel like development's a word you should know.
Yeah.
No, buddy, it's not that I didn't know the word. He knows it in French. It wasn't clicking to my brain, buddy. Sometimes it's a word you should know yeah yeah no buddy it's not that i didn't he knows
it in french it wasn't clicking to my brain buddy sometimes the second language second language
biz no worries sometimes the wires are crossing but of course like everything brooks is is
unbelievable at it so i think they've been trying to get him more involved but buddy after making
that type of money and now that he's chilling he bounces back between boston um he does pop into
dc once in a while,
and I want to say they asked him to go to the draft, but he didn't go.
But then his other free time, he's in Jackson, and he's just hiking.
He's enjoying life.
He's enjoying time with his daughters.
He's still a machine, working out like four or five times a week.
He was one of the first guys where after every game,
he would play 20 minutes, and then he would be in there doing a full workout after the game and he would be like one of the last guys to leave the
and just an ultimate professional he hasn't really gotten much smaller he's still jacked
still looks incredible and just living a very healthy lifestyle so that's why i was picking
his brain seeing you know is this the type of place you can live maybe full time? How does it get in the winter? But, but all in all, dude,
he's crushing life and he's such a good guy. And I think, I think what he said to me is he got,
I think he asked Joe Sackick for the advice and basically Joe said, listen, he goes, when you
retire, take some time away and you don't need to work full time. But my advice would be just stay in the game somehow, whether it's player development and
you're, you're, you're working 20 hours a week, making phone calls, catching up with guys,
or, you know, and then, and then progressively maybe as you know, your kids grow older and you
have a little bit more free time on your hands, that's when you can kind of grow your role. So
given with how successful he is at life, I could see him potentially down the road,
maybe in 10 years, maybe in a management position.
Well, it's funny because we're going to get into Mike Greer,
but he was the same way.
Just two guys that just the work ethic after being younger,
looking back now, it's like,
that's why those guys were successful as they were.
And now you're going to see them taking over
in like major hockey roles.
So that's good that you caught up with them. I,
I was supposed to play golf with them, but we'll have to catch up.
I'd be over there in the summer if I had a place.
Everything I've heard is sick.
It's yeah. It's, it's awesome. So he,
he was fortunate enough to get in that market in 2018 and he's,
he's not looking back. So he's playing with the house's money. He has,
I went up to his place. He's at the top of one of the mountains.
I won't kind of give away too much information. We don't need any boost.
He's knocking at Brooks's door, uh, to ask from Wilkes-Barre,
their personal trainer. Um,
he has a three 60 view of the entire Jackson area,
including direct shot right at the grand Tetons.
One of the most immaculate views I've ever seen.
So he is just crushing life.
So, uh, congratulations to Brooks Orpik and hopefully we can get on, get them on again.
We've had them on once before.
So it'd be actually great to be, be able to catch back up with them and, uh, and tell
some old wit story.
We were telling some stories that were, we won't get, we won't divulge any, any of the
ones that we talked about, uh, after we hiked up that mountain so we can move on all right all right we got an
awesome guest coming not right now a little bit later uh the recent called the trophy winner
maritz cider from the detroit red wings awesome kid awesome interview this kid is like has such
wisdom beyond his years he's 21 you think you're talking like a 35 year old guy uh gonna get to
that a little bit later but biz you got a pretty busy summer coming up.
The Biz Pink Whitney Canada Tour.
It's going to be coming this July and August.
July dates are official.
Wednesday, July 13th in Toronto at the Lakehouse Bar at Bud Stage.
And Friday, July 15th at Mansion House in Biz's home region of St. Catharines.
Admission is free to all events on the tour.
Biz, you must be fired up for this now that we got a good shot at you.
Oh, I'm fired up to get to the mansion house in saint catherine's ontario get all my degenerate buddies from the nagger region involved if that place isn't jam-packed
i'm telling you right now i'm never coming back to the nagger region to do an event i want to see
all of you there we're going to be crushing pink whitney all night long and that's actually on the
15th in saint c Catherine's at Mansion House.
Two days before that, I'll be at the Lake House, as you said, in Toronto.
That's going to be a blast.
And on the 14th, I'm taking my sister and my family, my parents and everything to the Blue Jays game.
And we're going to be getting a score bet going.
So we'll be live in attendance for one of the Jays games at home.
It used to be called the Sky Dome.
I still call it the Sky Dome.
Everybody tries to correct me.
They can lick my nuts.
So shout out to Pink Whitney.
We are not going to talk about the exact dates
and locations of the Western Tour,
but it will be starting in Winnipeg.
We will be hitting up a lot of cities along the way.
Stay tuned for that, but let's focus on Ontario in July
on the 13th and 15th at Lakehouse
in Toronto and, as we mentioned,
Mansion House in St.
Catherine's, Ontario. Pink
Whitney Tour. And just
over the border from Ontario, we are going to be in
Buffalo for the Chicklets Cup. We have our musical
acts for the Chicklets Cup, the Friday Night Party
at Riverworks. We're going to have our buddy Dante, the DJ
from Boston, in Boston,
Levi, someone in the hockey world
known as a former pro hockey player, Mike McNamee.
Since the shutdown back in 2020,
he's been giving the music stuff a go, and he's starting to get
some real traction with it, so we got some nice
music on tap. Gee, what else do we got for the chick?
Wait, former Cardiff Devil,
show the man some respect, played in the
EIHL for crying out loud.
One of the best leagues in the world, dominated
during the lockout. What were you going to say, G?
I think two things to keep an eye on.
One, golf simulator.
I mean, Witt's going to be hanging around the golf simulator the whole time.
Doesn't get any better than that.
And two, we got bubble hockey.
Merle's will be hanging out by the bubble hockey table.
So go try to take down the champ.
Oh, great.
All our Chicklets fans will be leaving with no dough because Merle's going to be
scamming them at the fucking bubble hockey. same with wit at the simulator no merles is going to
take their money in bubble hockey then i'm going to set the simulator to actually figure out my
swing so i'll be able to guess every yardage and i'll swindle even more money from everyone
but in the end dude it'll still be a good time i promise i won't come home with any money there's
a casino right next to the ball hockey courts so yeah where's where's merles he's losing his he's losing his per diem pack that we gave him to be
a big deal select merles brought up merles brought over chicken pox and left with nothing um all right
you mentioned part of the story there in the fact that i believe the the uh covid kind of went down
and he figured yo this hockey thing is, is, you know,
not going to bring me maybe long-term success.
So he took a nosedive into the music career and has been blowing up.
He's been touring through Canada a little bit.
Um,
you know,
and,
and,
and it's good to see Boston Levi and he will be going on stage before Dante.
So it's a nice,
we got the,
the live act.
And then we get maybe some of the,
the,
the bangers,
the hip hop bangers where our Ray can be grinding on the dance floor,
sweating all over all the chip, the chicklets cups,
some buffalo biscuits flowing in the air.
If I'm going to have to start doing the, doing the pump punch of the air,
I may need some buffalo biscuits or something.
If I'm going to have to punch the, Oh yeah.
I'm sure that's a place that's known for its ecstasy.
It may get made.
It's what is that?
What's it's called?
What did I say? What did i call it biz what what
room are you in right now it looks like you were just given a microphone in prison i'm at my
buddy's place in oak bay here right near my place so i got i got people uh renting my place until
uh beginning of september and that's when i move in and boys i got a rental going down in uh in
scottsdale at my place so i I think that Canada might be my residence here
for at least six months coming up.
So I'll be bouncing up and down between the states
when we're working there and doing TNT.
And then after that, just coming up here
and playing golf and relaxing.
So I'm on.
I asked Biz to wear, like, what's his address
to send him some merch?
And he goes, dude, I don't have an address.
I don't have an address anymore.
He goes, I'm moving around for the next six months.
It's going to be VGC Golf Course.
He lives in a van down by the river.
He's basically homeless.
I'm going to turn into a full-blown granola.
I'm going to get a sprinter van,
and I'm going to live on my dirt in Jackson, Wyoming.
I'm going to get a shotgun.
And it's actually, these lots are in the midst of an elk reserve so you can only build your fences three and a half feet tall so all winter long
you see these well uh elk walking through so I'm gonna have to to protect myself with a shotgun
right behind us too all national forest so that's where they come in from so I'm uh I'm gonna go a
full outdoorsman biz and and ditch the podcast and and join the barstool outdoors club
you'll be the into the wild guy eating some grapes that look great and all of a sudden
you're fucking done in the woods yeah i go you couldn't be alone dude i wouldn't trust you
you don't you don't think i could last uh six months in the wilderness
six days do i have a better chance of completing the tour de france or
living out in the wilderness if you have a better chance of doing the tour de france backwards on
the bike like rolling backwards and somehow getting up the hill than you do of surviving
in the wilderness six months i don't think you understand you could be a nomad you'd be done
i know mating call you'd be like oh I know mating call. You'd be like, oh, look at these mushrooms.
These look good.
I call over the moose like that.
There's my meat for six months.
My dick.
I'm on a high-protein diet, bitches.
Well, Biz, you will be crisscrossing Canada with that five times distilled vodka
infused with fresh lemonade flavor.
But that's not the only place you can unwind with some Pink Whitneyney this summer hit up your local package store head over to your local bar and get some
as a shot or a nice little cocktail either way enjoy some nice pink whitney this summer it's
gonna be flowing all over the place i know curtis mcdermott did holy jess gonna say speaking of pink
whitney i've gotten messages from everybody asking if you guys sponsored the the cup party that the parade
fucking rights we did you might say so merles you might say so because the pink whitney was also
flowing through the streets of denver earlier this week during the parade boys that was good
stuff i love when they bust out the fire trucks of the parade it's a nice touch but so much went
on you know you had cadre with the too many man shirt bo byram gets stopped by a cop who doesn't
recognize him uh jr bednar with a very emotional speech. You mentioned
Curtis McDermott playing Timbal at the Cup.
What was your favorite part of this, Whit, of the
celebrations from this week?
The Bo Byram thing.
The Bo Byram thing.
He's so genuine. He's like, oh, officer,
I'm on the team. I'm a player.
The officer's still like,
all right, go ahead. It's just so good.
He looks 16 years old. Meanwhile, he's buckled and he runs off back to the boys i can't believe
though what the hell did the cup do to these guys they are dog they they are dummying the cup they
got the fall when the beginning picture on the ice happens mcdermott's going backwards the mcdermott video is one of the best
no the mcdermott that's the cup getting its retribution it ended up slamming the heavyweight
down it was like a you know you know what it reminded me of the cup against the avalanche
was when uh in family guy when when peter griffin is fighting with the chicken
it's just like this non-stop battle back and forth of them fighting 12 minutes oh man it is deceptively heavy once you get it up that high you gotta drop that foot back like
a weightlifter so there's some like old school people that are obviously not fond of the way
that the cup is treated after it's won this has been going on since the beginning of time there's
just cell phones now there's stories of when you know the pittsburgh penguins had it it got stuck at the bottom of the pool because the water got in it when they were chucking around
like a water toy so this has been going on the perfect trophy ever it takes up beating and keeps
on ticking and then they just bump it out they they remold the metal and right back at it crushing
things out of it and uh and i'm sure doing some extracurriculars and we tried to get another abs
player on this podcast guys but they went so hard and right there when you when you experience like
not only the the intense nature of trying to win the fucking thing but then this is going to be
your last time with all those guys so you really have to enjoy those moments and they did and i
think they went enough probably a six-day heater after putting their bodies on the line for the whole season and then the two months of playoffs
so they're going to lay low we're going to hope to get uh mac and he'll answer some questions
about giving the finger to aunt marcia along with the entire celebration the cup parade we're going
to try to get bednar we're going to try to get a couple other guys on here we looking back it's
it's almost unbelievable how gracious tampa was with their time before they were in or or in the
midst of the celebration so we were very fortunate last year and even this year to get eric johnson
for the 23 minutes that we did he was incredible absolute quote machine him talking about land
a schlog which is by the way the new name on the back of his Jersey. I don't know that you saw that they got them in the team store,
but we got an unbelievable one on deck though, besides that today.
So congratulations to Colorado, incredible celebration,
unbelievable viral clips. And I don't know,
I guess I'll throw it over to you, R.A. and Merle's.
What did you guys like the most of everything going on?
Yeah, I had a good one.
I liked, and it goes in with you talking how they were worn out.
Logan O'Connor, Denver University,
won a national championship with our boy Rudy
under a coach named Jim Montgomery.
I don't know if you guys have heard of him.
I've heard of him.
Okay.
But he showed up a couple nights ago.
He was at the MLS game, the soccer MLS game with the cup,
and he was the only guy there.
It was over.
He's just there by himself.
You saw the first day of the Rockies game, the whole team's there.
And then all the videos.
And I just thought that was funny by, by day six or seven, it was one man with a cup at
a game.
WrestleMania.
We talked about being a cage match
he was the last man standing if you're if you're young and single you'll go as long as until phil
phil pritchard's like give me it back you'll get it a day this summer but i think at some point i
think the wives are like guys that's it you did you did it we're getting it again i mean if you're
single and you win the cup in in a city like this you would have been you're gonna get the dick sucked off your torso is what you're gonna get and if you don't you
should have to hand the thing in after oh you would have been holding it outside the jeep
selling the abercrombie used clothes like get a picture with the cup and buy one of my i would
have used the abercrombie shirts and reprinted cup champs get you get your cup champ merchandise abercrombie collab all right what
did you like the most uh i caught the clip of landis garg and darren helm going crowd surfing
that was pretty cool i i don't think we've seen that last year i mean plus landis guy you gotta
watch out for that dangling wrench there and also when landy get up and said i'll let you listen to
the old fuck on the team when he introduced eric john Johnson he was just letting the F-bombs fly on stage
Tori Leckan and Choo Chug I got
a kick out of that and somebody's
honey I felt bad for her she got pegged with a bear
when people are chucking bears up and she caught
right off right off the chest I mean she stayed up
but it looked like it might have left a mark
and also commitment to win the cup
already got a block shots you got it with the
wires I think it was I think it was
Rantanen's girl it was next to him so those finnish girls are tough he's asking for a trade now
didn't ranting end up saying he couldn't speak any more english the rest of the day
yeah their beat writer peter bar the athletic beat writer tuesday did a tremendous job
and the way he worded it was great he said miko ranting and says the parade has
whooped his ability to speak any english so he plans to only
speak to fellow finn are turi lecton and the rest of the night like just a nice way of saying he's
buckled that he can't speak english anymore so yeah that happens when i start my quick time
before these podcasts i lose the ability to speak english what did i say earlier
you couldn't remember the word development oh yeah that was the one but um oh uh eric johnson him on social media him on his
i don't know if these guys knew what instagram live was before they hopped on it after they
won the cup but he was just on an absolute rip i'm pretty sure all the videos have disappeared
but maybe you can go search his name on twitter or instagram and some of the fans had clipped them
uh he was just the fucking right he's a full-blown comedian no wonder no wonder Sakic was begging him to come back and on top of
that uh there was a fake fake news TMZ fake news Crosby was not with them partying with the cup
that was a video that ended up getting put out there that is not the case as much as Sid is happy
for Nate he didn't fly over
to Colorado to chug out of the cup he's already done so three times listen his agent might be
working out the trade there for next season but he ain't there yet so I think Dale might have posted
the video by accident whatever we'll give him a little pee-pee whack and we can be over and done
with it now Nate that's still an open invite to come on the pod and maybe even get a second sandbagger with you
and Sid if you guys want the action you got the cup you each got the cup you just don't got the
sandbagger how about how about we we set up and and maybe cab it I think it's a cab at links maybe
they're listening and if you could just let us do Nate and Sid they'd do us there or we'd do them
I'll say because it would feel so good to then beat them after McKinnon had won the cup.
It's like, yeah, no, Nate, great run.
You did it.
You won.
But you just got a 4-3 by Biz again there.
So suck it.
Yeah, go back to the drawing board.
Another learning mistake.
And let's go.
Might have to caddy that one.
Biz, what kind of shenanigans do you like to see in future cup parades?
These guys have been fun the last few years, but is there anything you'd like to see?
Oh my god. I mean, if we could go
completely off the grid, which would probably
not be able to be a reality, but imagine
each player got to develop their own float.
Like, they could have whatever
theme they wanted.
I mean, I don't know. That would be pretty good.
No? Yours is just KY
gel and pictures of yourself
with your shirt off and
some of these magazines you used to pose for bring every every girl every stripper female
from montreal fly them in just have the greasiest it'll look like uh was it called caravana in
toronto on acid all right what would you have for a float drugs um yeah i mean i would like my own
my my own truck maybe a pickup truck just me and like
some of my friends in it and yeah just just get buckled for the for the ride i don't know i i
don't know what i would do i mean it's such a thing you have to like i think go through it and
then realize all right this is what i want to do you you and stew finer would uh and crew would
roll the world's biggest joint for the uh world uh guinness book of world records or whatever the
fuck it's called and you would go around to all the fans and pass it around well i mean that could be legal in colorado that
would be the perfect place for that float yeah like they're doing the pink whitney up and down
the lineup yeah i gave landis god feeding everybody the pink whitney yeah just have one big one to
joint and see if it lasts the whole parade that that could be a good idea biz but other other than
so when they finished the parade did they end up oh no because they were outside and they had they
they were a there was quite a few people that showed up.
That looked like it.
I know that Chicago, but I might be speaking out of my ass right now.
I think Chicago had big numbers.
Guy was a way more people.
So, I mean, I've had a great crowd, but, you know, it's probably smaller numbers wise than Chicago.
I just went full Trump.
I'm like sending the picture of the inauguration compared to Obama's side by side.
Any other final or fake news on Colorado?
The parade before we get along to the play.
It was lots of play news this week.
Any final thoughts on the parade, boys?
If I have another one, I can't think of them.
I'll bring it up later because that was that was hilarious viewing some of the stuff coming yeah it was good you know what i did forget to
mention people off the hop when we were talking about boston levi and uh and dante was people
were loving the sneaky banger well sneaky people like your sneaky banger you think they fucking
didn't they like both of them bitch they didn like yours. And there were people who were submitting underneath
some of the worst tracks of all time.
Like, legit didn't get me going this much.
Now, I do have two sneaky bangers for you guys,
considering it was Canada Day on Friday,
and then Monday was July 4th.
I'll start with the American sneaky banger,
Nate Dogg and Warren G. Nobody does it better. monday was july 4th i'll start with the american sneaky banger uh nate dog and warren g nobody
that is a fucking sneaky banger i'm writing this down paul no you've never heard nobody does it
better by warren g you're going to be cruising no no i'm sure i have but i'm one of those people
that once i hear it i just don't know the name of it you know what i mean you're gonna be in in nantucket with your windows down you might put shocks on your escalade
with a rider riding shotgun nobody no i was on pimp my ride and they put like a hot tub in the
back oh did they and then for you canadians and i'm pretty sure you guys are familiar with
bare naked ladies you've heard of them ra right yeah i tried to get stoned with them when they were in boston once and they politely declined they're like no thanks dude
yeah and uh this is going to take people a little bit off guard it's a bit of a slow song
lovers in a dangerous time sneaky banger representing canada write those down right
now merle's that's that's very slow so that's something
very slow that wouldn't really fire you up necessarily oh yeah but you oh yeah well you
said some of the songs that people gave didn't fire you up so if you're saying that's a slow
song some people are probably not going to be that fired up right listen to it it's a it's a
slower song but it'll get you going and I'm'm happy you said a U S and a Canadian one.
Cause I had a Swedish one lined up for the, for the listeners.
Ace of base. Oh my God.
Swedish band.
And the one song that's a sneaky banger, beautiful life,
sneaky banger before you go out and send me,
send me that so I can listen to it as soon as i get i
know ace of bass beautiful life yeah yeah the sign is the famous one but the beautiful life's
the sneaky one who's the other famous band from sweden abba abba yeah that's ra's generation
that's when he was wearing his bell bottoms and fucking watching every goddamn john travolta flick
10 times at night gee i heard you were trying to chime in there for a sec. What do you got for us, buddy?
Actually, my buddies, the Loud Luxury guys, they're dropping a new song this Friday. It's
called These Nights, and it is unbelievable. They gave me a little sneak preview. They're
playing at Brooklyn Mirage this Sunday in New York, so I'm excited to go see them,
excited to see them play it live.
But yeah, it's an unbelievable song.
So my sneaky banger of the week, These Nights by Loud Luxury.
I can't wait to check it out, my friend.
Hey, gang, listen, Shady Rays is back for another run around the sun.
Shady Rays sunglasses offer an industry best combination of fit, style,
and performance without the big brand price tag.
You know, I wear them all the time because they're so comfortable,
they look good, and they're awesome sunglasses.
And it doesn't stop at the quality.
Shady Rays offers the most insane protection program in all of eyewear.
Every pair is backed by lost and broken replacements.
If you lose or break your pair, even on day one,
they send you a brand new pair, a brand new pair of this.
Boom, they're unreal.
I don't leave the house without them.
They're my tortoiseshell Shady Rays.
Wear them all year round.
They're polarized.
They do the trick.
And if you don't love them for some reason, you can exchange for a new pair or return them for free within 30 days.
There's no risk when you shop with Shady Rays.
Their team always has your back.
So go to ShadyRays.com slash chicklets for 50 off plus two or more pairs of polarized sunglasses let's buy one get one free you can't beat them they look good you look
good you feel good you play good you podcast good right biz yeah and uh speak yeah i'm gonna need
some of those in camo as well as let's start making some more merch and camo please i'm gonna
prove you guys wrong about my wilderness experience thank you uh get some big
play news like i mentioned uh tampa bay traded veteran defenseman ryan mcdonough to nashville
for defenseman philip myers and minor league a grant mismatch uh the athletic reported it was a
quote bit of a shock to mcdonough and it left him with his head spinning alex colan said it was very
hard to see him go uh the 33 year old has four years left at 6.75 mil.
It was obviously a salary dump by Tampa,
who always seems to have to do this every year.
Tampa Bay will not be buying out Phil Myers,
like a lot of people speculated.
McDonough, of course, won two cups.
He's third all time, two cups with Tampa,
third all time in playoff games with Tampa D-men with 89.
Myers had four points in 27 games last year.
He's only 25.
He's got one year left at 2.55 million.
That will be restricted free agent.
And Mismash was a second round pick of the 2017 draft spent last season in
AHL Milwaukee.
He's in the last year of his ELC.
Let's go to you first on this one.
No surprise, I guess, that he got traded.
I mean, obviously to him, but what do you make of this one brother yeah you say no surprise and i guess people knew that there was
a chance this happened but for me if i'm a tampa fan or one of the guys in that team that that's a
tough one that's a tough one to swallow and it's not to say that that didn't have to happen with
the situation they're in with being up against the cap and having to re-sign certain guys. But that guy was completely a part of changing everything there.
I mean, I look back and people thought like, wow,
he's kind of on the back nine when the Rangers traded him maybe.
Without him, no chance they win those two cups.
And I think for him to, or the news to come out that he was shocked
and kind of like, holy shit, that makes me just kind of feel for him to, or the news to come out that he was shocked and kind of like, holy shit,
that makes me just kind of feel for him a little bit because he did every single thing that he was asked to do there.
His teammates loved him.
And that's the business, dude.
Boom, it's done.
So I feel that that's probably just a summer for him now where he's just trying to think about how am i going to get like fired up
and ready to play with a new team it's just hard i think for a little while so i i i'm not not
shocked but i did feel bad for him i tended to not feel as bad when he went to another team with no
state tax that really popped out obviously uh right off the hop. No, but, hey, I was talking about Orps earlier and just his professionalism
and what he provided to the locker room.
And McDonough, when he went over to Tampa, I mean, he was that guy beforehand,
but obviously helped them solidify those cups, helped grow Cernak's game
and some other young defensemen there because he's a guy where those guys can go know go talk to him and he can mentor them along with that with not only sacrificing his
body but playing top level hockey as long as he's been in Tampa and I would consider him probably
their second best defenseman other than Hedman and some people considering all situations would
put him pretty much close to neck and neck. And I was shocked to hear the news,
but the news did come out before he was actually traded.
And I think everybody saw that rollout and was like, what?
And then to see it happen as quickly as it did, that was,
that's what was shocking to me.
Now I'm really happy for him and the fact that he's going to a very solid
team with a very good goaltender.
Yossi needed a little bit of help having another guy underneath him and
obviously McDonough's used to playing that second guy role so going over there I'm sure he's going
to be happy and you mentioned like oh it's going to be a summer of him trying to put the pieces
together and like trying to get fired up I think once he gets the training camp and he all those
unbelievable guys in that awesome organization and he gets to live in Nashville he'll forget
about it fairly quickly but um as far as the Tampa organization it's hard for me to question
Breezebond and what he's seeing I think that he probably thinks that Cernak and and Foote and some
of these younger defensemen given their low cap hits can fill in that role and I'm not saying it's
going to be one guy doing it but maybe collectively between two, three guys can maybe provide what McDonough did.
And, you know, sometimes some of these GMs are trying to predict the downturn
of when maybe guys start slowing down a little bit, you know,
evaluate that based on the cap hit.
So that probably has to be the hardest decision that Breeze Boss had to make
since being a GM of the Tampa Bay Lightning,
especially considering a guy who was a key component
to bring you all that success in two cups.
But this, to me, is the beauty of the new National Hockey League,
the fact that you have to constantly be making moves
in order to stay underneath that hard cap.
Some people  Alan Walsh has probably just spiked his laptop
or his phone listening to that.
But R.A. and Merles, would you guys not agree
that now you get all this excitement
from even the regular season,
then of course NHL playoffs, it's second to none.
And then the minute the season ends,
all of a sudden all this crazy shit has to happen
so teams can re-bolster get under the cap and get
ready for next year and you're seeing these unbelievable players in new markets and i think
that that's going to help grow the game so i know i've been long-winded about this congrats to
mcdonough on an unreal stint in tampa it sucks that he's gotta leave i know those guys in the
locker room are gonna miss him uh deeply because of what he brings on and off the ice. But good luck to him in Nashville and look out, man. Nashville.
Sneaky, sneaky banger.
The speculation is obviously some of that money is going to go toward Andre
Palat's new deal. He was coming off a five-year, 26.5 million deal,
5.3 a year. The way he performed in the playoffs,
you got to assume he's going to be getting a nice little raise there.
And also Tampa signed Nick Paul,
guy they picked up at the trade deadline,
signed Nick Paul to a seven-year, 20 million extension
with the 3.15 million cap hit.
He's got a no trade clause for the first four years,
a modified no trade for the last three.
The 27-year-old had 16 goals and 16 assists
in 80 games split with Ottawa and Tampa last year.
Of course, in the playoffs, he had five goals,
four assists in 23 games.
And Tampa's so good at finding these middle six guys at the deadline.
They can grind.
They can score.
They can do all those, you know, utility things that a coach likes to see them get done.
And, I mean, he carved himself out a nice little deal.
It'll set him up pretty well here, Biz.
Yeah, I was just going to go quickly back to Myers.
You know, you've seen what they've done with other defensemen in the organization.
I'm pretty sure they can figure out a way to make him very useful.
So that being a good ad with getting rid of McDonough in the nature of the business,
like all of a sudden you have one guy on their first cup run in the bubble.
Palat was probably the probably the term I'm looking for.
The probably their most valuable player outside of the guy, the obvious guys guys I want to say he had 11 goals in that playoff and then you see what he does
these playoffs as well so of course you got to end up getting rid of one piece in order to secure
another I think that that's probably the right right mindset and trying to lock him down going
over to Nick Paul the only criticism I've seen online were maybe some of his underlying analytics numbers.
Like I give two fucks about that. Did you watch playoffs every time in the midst of a series where
there was a few big plays that needed to be made? It just seemed like it was him making it. He fit
in there like a glove. He was the one who rose to the occasion in game seven against the Leafs.
He's a guy who can play in all situations,
and he's a great Swiss Army knife.
I think that there was also a guy, was it, not Cousins,
there was a player who signed a seven-year deal,
very similar, in Nashville.
I think it was a Colton Sissons.
Tana got one, didn't he, with Pittsburgh?
He got one too, but I think Colton Sissons got that that seven
year where he was at like a 2.7 number and I look at Nick Paul as a very similar player where yeah
maybe his offense did struggle a little bit playing with Ottawa but there's more guys to
snap around with and better players to play with in Tampa at least as of now I think this is an
awesome deal for a big body who's going to be utility guy for a long time,
a great signing and a great trade where now it makes it all worth it based on
what they gave up to get them at the deadline.
Biz, you are correct.
Colton Sisson signed a seven year, 20 million deal.
Well, what's the AAV come to?
2.5, 2.8, 5, 7.
Oh, fuck. I was pretty close. I'm really an elephant, eh, boys?
Don't forget
about Sergeyev
down in Tampa Bay. He's going to fill
right in for McDonough. He deserves
to play more. He played great in the playoffs.
Much cheaper than McDonough.
He's on the gas. You can't have everything.
You have to get rid of somebody.
Cal foot, too. Yeah, Biz, we had
a pretty big monster trade as well. LA acquired Kevin Fiala from Minnesota uh for defensive prospect
Brock Faber in LA's first round of this year uh then they in turn signed Fiala to a seven-year
extension worth just over 55 million uh carries a cap hit of 7.875 million he's got a no move
for years two through four and he modified no trade clause from years
five through seven uh billy garren had no concerns whatsoever about trading him to a western conference
team uh and i want to ask you business is the trade that both teams can win at some point i
know we like to do win or lose but it feels like when all is said and done both teams might be
really benefit from this trade 100 in this situation if you're bill garren you're just
looking towards the future so as far as trading them inside the conference, yeah, not ideal, but you're just looking for your biggest return.
I think that from what I'm hearing, that is going to, you know, Forsberg is probably going to land in that eight and a half range with Nashville.
I love this move by LA.
We know that their window, you know, as far as having Kopitar and Doughty, they're in win-now mode, along with the young prospects
they've had come in.
You've got that by-field who could take another step next season.
Now all of a sudden, in the second half of the season,
Fiala was running his own line.
He plays with a chip on his shoulder.
He was very dominant.
Look at his numbers in the closeout games of that season last year
where they were still battling for playoff position,
and they're playing in some pretty intense games.
I think he's a world-class player.
I think it's a great average for him,
and he gets to move over to a team where they got other guys now too.
They got the Deneau.
They're going to be a very, very good hockey team,
and Rob Blake had to do something big, and he went out and did it and i think that in a perfect world bill garen would have signed them and wanted to keep
fiala but given the cap hell that they're up for in the next two years they just need to be smart
about managing their assets collect as many draft picks as possible draft well and all of a sudden
in years three and four from now when they're coming out of that cap hell you know they got you know what would that be I think that would be Kaprizov's
last year of his five-year deal and then you got some other pieces around so Billy G's got his
hands full just given the situation that he was put in but I'll throw it over to you Whit I love
the move for LA I love Fiala as a player and I think that he we're going to see more of what
we saw towards the end of the season and maybe not so much of the the disappearing act that was
in playoffs yeah I it's just something that had to be done like second in every category to Kaprizov
in the entire season like it was just he had a breakout year I was reading an article that said
when COVID like originally came before it paused
the season in 2020 from February 1st to then he had the most points in the league or second most
points in the league so he's breaking out little dip back last season and then this season just
explodes but when you have what's happened with the buyouts of Ryan Suter and Parisi this these
are other things that have are going to have to happen.
We talked about them getting hammered by the cap.
And so I think when you look now, Fiala is moving on
because there was no chance they could pay him.
Like it was like, why even mess around?
This is what he's going to get.
He signed it right away.
But the Wild now, they got two first-round picks.
And then this defenseman, he plays at Minnesota.
So what a dream scenario for him.
He gets traded to where he's playing in college.
And then he's a homeboy, like a homegrown kid.
And he's going to have a chance to play.
I mean, he sounds like he's a very legit player from everything I'm reading and being told.
So kind of a good deal for both sides.
I think, R.A., you mentioned that.
Another reason that you look at Minnesota and they, like Boldy, Matt Boldy, this frigging kid, Matt Boldy.
I met him finally last week.
He's a stallion.
I mean, I got to say the kid's fucking tall, handsome lad.
He's probably one of the best golfers I've ever seen.
Hockey player, golfers.
Come on.
Really?
Dude, this guy is a pure golfer.
Beat me to beat me two days in a row.
TPC him and him and this Jack Rathbone
took me and Kevin Hayes 600 bucks
Boldy's playing at a one he's hitting
the ball 325 yards
and he's fucking making birdies hitting his
pure as I've seen Rathbones a
six he's hitting a two iron
260 these two great kids but Boldy
who the fuck hits a two iron
no shit and then and then
so boldy whatever boldy's gonna be a stud he's gonna make a lot of money hopefully he's gonna
uh score a ton you saw what he did when he came up so i i think just thinking of boldy brought
me to that fucking golf and then i played salem country club and i said 100 individual score we
were in different groups and i played i shot 75
and i came and he's like i shot 73 i had to peel him another 100 the next day i i mean whatever
boldy will be good but he's gonna be a guy who can step into that role now hey let's see if you
can do it with the fucking cameras on the sandbagger first of all and speaking of man rockets i mean
fiala we were just talking about it the one-two punch of man missiles that they have in LA now with him and Kempe.
There's going to flood warnings fucking half the amount of games, dude.
They're not going to be able to play.
The ice is going to be covered in water.
Think of all those missile launchers with their fucking nipples out on the glass at the fucking,
what is it called?
The crypto.com now, Grinelli?
The crypto.com.
Correct.
Yeah.
They're going to be oozing on the glass. All the Instagram thoughts are going to be oozing on the crypto.com correct yeah they're gonna be all the instagram thoughts are gonna be oozing on the
glass what do you make of the trade ra do you like it for la oh hell yeah i mean they're a team that
they were like i said 85 to 1 last year they got to they gave edmonton a run for their money in the
second round if they ever beat them who knows what could have happened and this is a huge addition
man i mean yeah they lost a good prospect the first round that was the first round
oh it didn't didn't they i thought they yeah, they lost a good prospect the first round. That was the first round.
Wait, didn't they?
I thought they beat someone. No, they lost to Edmonton first round in seven, but they had no doubt.
No doubt.
Yeah, that's right.
Either way, I liked what I saw on this year, and this is a huge addition.
The money, I don't know.
Did the money take you by surprise at all with 7.875?
No, no.
Once you throw a year up like he had this year, and it's his time to get paid,
fuck, that's what you're getting paid now.
You know, he's a young buck.
He can skate like the wind.
I mean, I just wasn't surprised by any of it, really.
Yeah, they're going to have John Quick back.
Doubt he should be back healthy.
And I looked at the rods.
They're already down to 35-1 for the upcoming season,
so it's not as much of a sleeper this year.
But, yeah, as a pseudo-Kings fan, I definitely like the move.
They got some good players, man.
They got Kempe.
They got him.
They got Arvidsson.
Arvidsson, yeah.
Deneau, Kopitar.
That Moore kid had a breakout season.
Imagine Byfield takes that next step.
Look out, LA.
Yeah.
Look out.
You got a new team in town.
I have to load up a little bit more on them.
Let's see.
Another big sign of Vancouver signed Brock Besser to a three-year extension worth just under 20 million has a 6.65 million
cap it. He'll be UFA when the deal expires. Merle's was the money with him about what you
expected Brock Bessa. Yeah, I thought it was so he's a guy that he could break out any one of
these years and score 50 goals the way he shoots the puck, he plays that right flank on the power play.
I think it's a great, great signing. He's homegrown.
So they've put in the money developing and all that.
So you had to keep them.
He works well on that PP with Pedersen and the Mikey Grinelli look like
Quinn Hughes.
Well, you just said it right. So he's a power play specialist.
Maybe the knock early in his career is he's not able to generate as much five-on-five
and maybe enough on his own.
I love this deal for both sides.
Our buddy gets paid.
He's an unreal guy, loved in the locker room.
You said he's got a world-class shot.
So if he can maybe figure out a way to be a little bit more dominant five on five, he then will get that contract and at least be able to stay somewhere long term that we probably expected that he would get after his entry level contract.
Like coming in, coming into the league, I want to say his rookie year, he just kind of took off.
So everybody assumed he was going to end up taking that next step.
But I think it's a great bridge deal. They get to figure out if he can become that player they pay him a reasonable tag
and then they can uh and and go maybe save a little bit of money to uh to to pay some other
guys around him too because now that uh the the rumblings of jt miller are head is heading out of
town yeah that's rumblings right now. I know the ranges are getting mentioned,
but nothing concrete on that.
One thing to note on best is contract though.
There's,
he has no trade protection at all.
Not even a modified,
no trade class.
So,
you know,
the next three years of Finn Vancouver still want to trade them.
They'd have no problem doing it.
Just.
Yeah.
And it's easy.
Cause you don't have the,
the,
the length of the contract,
right?
So obviously after year one,
only two deer,
those,
those mid range deals, it's a little bit easier because people don't feel like they're stuck with them for for all this time
um you may uh you said that only rumblings right now i'm hearing a rumbling that montreal is putting
in a major effort to try to get jt miller over they pull it off oh yeah i guarantee you it uh
while we're on this podcast something major is gonna
break the rest of it something might have already broken but i don't go on my twitter while we're
recording because i'm a professional try it sometime so so why do you why why why do you
like who told you this like you the fucking internet wit oh well you're so fucking interwebs
you believe the internet every time the internet owns you you. Come on, G, hop in here. Let him know.
He's not wrong.
He's not wrong.
The JT Miller rumors
are swirling around Montreal right now.
So if he goes to Montreal, business on it.
The internet was on it. I'm surprised.
I feel like Montreal should just be like,
we need to get Conor Bedard.
We need to get Conor Bedard.
Yeah, I know, but yeah guess i guess if you look at like bringing a guy in you know you're still
going to struggle you don't want to be you don't want to be too good you never know finish 15
points ahead of the coyotes second last and they're going to pull another rabbit out of their
ass because fucking gary bettman wants montreal to win another cup no because bedard says i'm not
going to play in a college rink, so just get me to the
Habs. Yeah, right. I'll bring him to Maya
for one rip and it'll be game on.
I'll take him on a
college visit.
Hey, so
we kind of hopped into the rumor mill.
I'm also hearing Claude
Giroux to two teams.
Ottawa?
Going home.
And then somebody said Edmonton.
Now, I might have been talking to Jeff, my buddy Jeff Jacobson, beauty.
Love him.
He might have mentioned that he was listening to 32 Thoughts and heard that.
And he also heard Jack Campbell and Toronto are so far apart on getting a deal done
that Edmonton might be in the mix for
Jack Campbell. Could you imagine that?
Wow.
You had to reposition yourself. What do you think of that?
I don't know if he, if he still is walking those cats, dude,
I don't know if I can get behind that as an oiler guy.
I love the guy as a player, but then when he walked the cats,
I think I tweeted, I never want him as my goalie.
So I think that him being that far apart from Toronto isn't surprising
because you have no money.
Your team stinks and has zero room to work with anyone.
So I don't think, I don't think he'll be back there.
I could be wrong.
I am very often, but they got to pay the man.
The guy's been through the battle of losing his game,
finding his game, becoming a legitimate number one.
He's got to get paid.
You can't take a low ball offer at that point in your life and career
if you're him.
I agree.
I hope they just find some middle ground
because I'd love to see him back in Toronto.
Now, considering I had to shave my head
because your Oilers fucking put a beat down on me,
would you make a bet if Jack Campbell signs with the Oilers
you have to adopt the cat for a week?
Like you just have to keep it until it finds a home?
Well, what if I win something?
Like how do I win this bet?
That's like, what do I get out of that?
You got any signing predictions, Witt, you can make?
No, I really have nothing.
Let me think on that, G.
I need a banger by the end me think on that g i need a
banger by the end of this episode and i need a possible scenario of a signing and i'll get i'll
get one too i think now would be an appropriate time to take out the lotion and uh give uh
merles here a double wrister merle predicted you predicted a head coach being hired how did you do
that who do you know did you did you read the internet did the
internet tell you you broke it i broke it um i was down at the vegas pool again with the daughter
coming walking back home get a call from vegas of all places saying monty has the job
ah man i'm antsy i'm antsy i want to put this out there right away i want but hey you know i'm a
real journalist now on the spit and chiclets podcast so i gotta get a second source all of
a sudden i can get a second call from troy new york of all places yep monty's got it just this
deal isn't signed yet so i let it fly and it was it was was right. So my sources were correct.
So, so you had, once the second one came through, you said, I'm all in.
I'm on it. And I didn't get it from Monty. Monty is a good friend of mine.
I didn't want to bother him.
I didn't want to be that guy trying to get scoops that way from him.
Right. I want to keep the friendship. And you know, it was,
it was just funny. I wasn't out looking for it it just happened to to fall my way jesus what's your what's
your heart rate right now merles you're you're at like a 40 beats per minute you're pretty chill
me yeah you got what you got a 30 milligram edible in you or something no i had one ipa and then i
went and i grabbed the second one out of the fridge and it was a non-alcoholic one. So I feel like after the disaster weekend you've had with the chickenpox,
this is probably just exactly what you needed.
Yeah.
Yeah.
It's like a little therapy for you.
Nice.
A little alone time here.
10 40 PM.
Sun is still up.
It's a biz.
You mentioned,
you mentioned Claude Giroux.
I think a team to keep an eye on with Giroux Carolina.
I've been hearing some Carolina hurricanes, Claude Giroux buzz in the rumor mill. Hey eye on with Giroux, Carolina. I've been hearing some Carolina Hurricanes,
Claude Giroux buzz in the rumor mill.
Hey, I like Giroux.
Gee, what are you hearing on the Jersey Shore
about Johnny Hockey?
A lot of people were saying Johnny Hockey to the Devils.
Well, I went down there thinking it's going to be John.
I know I think I was hearing,
thinking that I'm going to hear Johnny Hockey to Philly,
Johnny Hockey to Philly,
but everybody at DJs was persistent.
Johnny hockey is signing with.
Wow.
That makes so much more sense too,
because they have a lot of those little skill players.
So they build that.
And I don't know how much money Philly even has.
I think they would have to figure something out.
Philly has a decent amount of dough.
Do they do?
Yeah.
I, I, I, I just,
I can't,
he would go to the devils.
That'd be,
that could just be a bunch of people at DJs.
Just buckle.
Diehard devils fans like putty from Seinfeld.
Just basically hoping that he's going to go there telling you and giving
you shots of pink Whitney,
that it's a done deal.
G.
So the devils have 25 million projected cap space right now.
They could give Johnny Hockey the bag.
Bring the Jersey boy back home.
Would that be taking a shit on Philly if he signs not too far away?
And I guess I wouldn't consider them a rival.
I never look at Philly and New Jersey as rivals.
Is that accurate, R.A.?
Today, back 20 years ago
they definitely were rivals you know they were going neck and neck to try to get to the stanley
cup back back when uh when stevens hit lindros i'll never forget that game and that series those
teams hated each other yeah philly blew that 3-1 lead i think it was uh 2000 it was so yeah that
was the first that was the gomez's first. Yeah, yeah. Talk was on that team.
He's talked about that series quite a bit.
Yeah.
What did Philadelphia have in cap space?
I don't know if you could check that out while we keep moving on, Ari.
I don't know if there's anything that you kind of saw popping up on the interwebs
or that you've been hearing about potential signings or trade rumors, Ari.
I haven't heard too many rumors.
Well, I did hear Johnny Hockey does want to definitely play in the northeast somewhere so i guess that can entail
i don't know washington's really not northeast but i guess from new jersey up new jersey philly
the new york team's boston and boston doesn't really have the cap space they would have to
move somebody but he did play for uh jim montgomery back in the ushl they won a title way back when so
you know i think marty's the type of guy who is a draw
for players, too. Like, guys find out he's there.
Some coaches are like, yeah, man, I ain't signing there. But
when Marty's a coach, guys may be more likely
to sign there. Just throwing that out there. The Bruins,
like I said, they don't have the cap space to sign them. They would have
to get rid of somebody. They have pasta to do so.
I don't think Boston will be the team, but it's
going to be somewhere in the Northeast. I would highly
expect. And Calgary,
go ahead. Sorry, Whit. Oh, no, I was going to just say, I was just thinking be somewhere in the Northeast. I would highly suspect. And Calgary, go ahead. Sorry, Whit.
Oh, no, I was going to just say,
I was just thinking about the around the league.
The other one I'm just so interested in
is the Penguins-LeTang-Malkin situation.
Oh, yeah.
And that one, it's like, wow, is there a chance
these guys are moving on?
So there's, Biz, you said it best.
The season ends and boom, you have all this action
leading up to the drafted free agency.
It's pretty crazy in terms of like staying up to date right now.
When I close my eyes, I just simply cannot picture Malkin or Letang in any other jersey in the NHL.
It would look so weird.
I know, just penguins.
It would just look so weird.
Now, going back to Johnny Goudreau, if I had to guess, I would say that it's 100 that he is leaving.
Now, Calgary mentioned that they don't seem that life after Johnny Hockey
is going to be that bad.
They think that they're going to be able to fill some holes,
and then all of a sudden you can snap that money around maybe even to a few guys.
But, you know, I mean, maybe that's also them just kind of playing the PR thing
where they don't  I guess what else are you going to say?
Biz, Philly only has 5 mil in projected cap space for next season.
So they would definitely have to move some money around,
not for good draw,
but one team I could definitely see making a lot of moves here,
the Seattle crack.
And they've stockpiled picks.
They've stockpiled money.
I could see them doing like a Cadry Klinberg kind of thing.
I definitely think they make some
big moves this summer. Hopefully, then we can
actually go out there because last year they were pathetic
and they were boring to watch.
Brutal.
A couple more players to
get to here. Pittsburgh
signed goalie Casey DeSmith to a two-year
extension worth 3.6 mil.
Colorado signed Andrew Cogliano
to a one-year extension worth 1.125
million he had six points in 16 playoff games gonna go back for hopefully number two uh the
sabers re-upped craig anderson with a one-year 1.5 million dollar extension he will be back for
a 20th nhl season uh and unfortunate news florida forward anthony duclair injured his achilles tendon
during off-season training.
He had to get surgery.
He's going to miss probably about half of next season.
It's too bad for him.
He had a great season last year.
We want to say congratulations to Matt Molson.
He officially retired after 16 pro seasons, the last three with the Hershey Bears. Of course, he played 650 NHL games with the Islanders, Wilds, Sabres, and Kings,
and he joined the Leafs as a scout.
So congrats to Matt Molson on his retirement.
Hopefully he enjoys it.
And we got some terribly sad news today from Kevin Weeks on Twitter.
Just so sad.
Longtime NHL defenseman Brian Marchman passed away in Montreal at just 53 years old.
No cause was given.
He was working as a scout for the San Jose Sharks. He's also the father of Florida's Mason Marchman.
So we want to extend our deepest sympathies to Mason,
the rest of Brian's family, friends, former teammates,
just a terribly sad day.
And again, we want to extend our deepest condolences
to you guys and gals inside.
Terrible news.
Just so sad to hear.
It was shocking.
And Mike Yandel, Keith and Brian's uncle,
he works for San Jose.
And he was with him.
And it's just such a horrible, shocking thing out of nowhere.
And you just pray for his family.
You're thinking about those people because that's sudden shock.
Talk about just making it such a dark day for the league with the draft coming up.
Just horrible news.
Yeah, it is horrible.
It's kind of been good news, bad news a couple days.
That guy was a fucking warrior.
That guy, he was an old school, dirty, but mean and fucking
Throwback.
People want him on the team, throwback.
And it's just  we're thinking of their family.
It's terrible.
Yeah, if you didn't keep your head up through the middle,
you'd be picking up your teeth at center ice. that guy would lay guys out right in the middle but uh
yeah great great player great career and uh just uh it's just terrible news yeah very very sad to
hear that once again we extend our condolences to his family and friends uh okay guys there's a
little bit of canadian kindness in every sip of lab Blue Light. How did it get in there? They're Canadian. That's how. You can spread the love
yourself by sharing a Labatt. And when you share a Labatt, you're not just sharing a beer.
You're sharing an experience that'll pair with anything from hockey to hoedown.
So next time you're watching a game with your buds, be sure to share a Labatt because
while you might not all root for the same team, you could all enjoy Labatt Blue Light
together. The Barstool is going to be working with Labatt all year.
You saw them at the live streams we did down in New York.
We've got some more exciting content coming up,
so grab a blue light and enjoy.
Labatt, the pristine Canadian pilsner.
Share a Labatt.
And at the Labatt Brewhouse Thursday,
Chicklets Cup, all attendees.
We got a special event planned,
so look out on the social media.
We will be doing the registration right before that.
And then over to the Labatt Brewhouse in Buffalo, New York
for everybody attending the tournament.
We'll have some, I think my family's going to show up there too.
So looking forward to seeing all of you.
And especially for us to release or say or do,
or I don't know how
the fuck I'm saying. To announce some big news
to announce some big news.
Big news! This isn't
even part of the ad, but I don't know if you
guys have tried them, but the Labatt Blue
Light Lime is a
phenomenal summer beer.
Very hard to find. You've really got to dig
deep and go to certain
beverage centers to find it,
but try those out.
We'll have them ship you a crate of them.
So you can deal with the chicken pox and peace.
Yeah.
I wouldn't take long to go through over here.
I would love it.
All right.
We've got some major coaching news to get to guys.
Congratulations to Mike rare on getting the general manager job
in san jose and for making history as the first black general manager ever in nhl history so
kudos to grazie great guy great player he's a local guy here bu guy played over 1000 nhl games
in 14 seasons after playing he was a scout for chicago an assistant in new jersey and an advisor
to chris drury down new york of course, his brother is GM of the Miami Dolphins.
His dad, Bobby, has been an NFL exec for 40 years,
including several years here with the Pats.
And I'm curious, Whit, I wonder if there's any other brother tandem
where one's a GM of a football team and one's a GM of a hockey team.
It's definitely a unique situation.
But, Whit, I know you know Mike a little bit.
You must have been pretty happy to see a fellow BU guy get the job.
I could not be happier.
And I wish that Keith or one of the many people who know Greersey,
like Brian Yandel, the way I do,
just could be on here to describe this guy.
When we all kind of turn pro, right?
Like you don't know what's going on.
You're working out.
The older guys are there.
The guys who've played in the NHL for a while.
And they could easily go about their business and do their own thing but jay pandolfo hal gill
mike career guys like that for me were so helpful and careers he was like the nicest human being in
the world i'm telling you he would actually care so much about each guy he talks to he talks to
and like at a young age i was, I'd always look up to him.
This guy played at BU.
He was a machine.
You have to Google his hit.
It was on a guy Callahan on BC in the beanpot.
BU versus BC.
I think it's the biggest hockey hit of all time.
Keith reminded me of a hilarious story too.
So when Greerzy was done playing and we had the lockout going on,
he would run our skates.
Him and Pando would.
And he'd be out there always just helping us out helping the guys like run the drills get the scrimmage just makes it easier right with somebody who knows what they're doing and we'd go eat after
like the t anthony's and he'd be like nope gotta watch the carbs gotta watch the carbs i gotta eat
good and then on sunday he'd go ham He'd watch football and just crush food all day.
And he was like, the other six days, I got to watch it.
So he just, I wish I got to play with him at one point.
The other thing everyone told me was that never drank,
but always out with the boys.
Last guy, making sure everyone's getting home.
Doesn't want to miss out time with the fellas,
even though he's not drinking.
Just salt of the earth.
And I'm so happy he gets
a chance to be a gm because of what he did for me it's somebody that i'll forever root for i love
the guy i just watched that hit the guy went vertical dude he crushed that guy and brian
mcconnell versus chris collins is another one those are the two big bu versus bc hits yeah Mike Greer hit hit Callahan in 94-95 beanpot truck stick yeah um you talk about the
pedigree I mean good for him man that's awesome and a guy who climbed his way up all the way to
the top and I know Ray Whitney was up for the job too unfortunately you know he's a buddy of mine
didn't get it but uh very well deserved for Greerzy and uh looking forward to maybe picking
Yans's brain on him a little bit more
and getting some funny stories off him.
And prior to the hire, the team had just fired head coach Bob Bugner
and three of his assistants kind of out of nowhere
two months after the end of the regular season.
A lot of people thought that was kind of unfair
because these guys can't go out and look for new jobs.
And people were like, what the hell is going on with this organization?
They did keep Evgeny Nabokov for the goaltending coach.
Well, interim GM Joe Will, who's no longer interim,
he said that before the hiring ended up being Greer,
that he handled all the draft stuff, that the interim GM handled all that stuff.
So it's kind of an awkward thing.
You bring in a new GM.
The interim GM did all the draft stuff.
Now they've got to hire a coach.
This franchise is a little bit in disarray, I'd say, lately.
If you were Mike Greer, what would be the first thing you'd do looking at the roster
well i think that you probably got to look at those two big contracts on the back end
that uh you know he didn't hand out um you know they might have to go through a few difficult
years merles i saw you tweet something out and we'll get to the player that you're talking about
that they got a sign um but i think they just got to get stability as far as a head coach. And it sucks. That is a bit of a
kick in the dick to those coaches to not realize that they were going to get canned and then not
have time to go after other jobs. San Jose has always been known as a pretty classy organization
where I'm sure that they're going to take care of them and make sure that they're at least getting
paid maybe during the time they don't have a job.
They might also have another year left on their deals.
Not sure what's going on there,
but they typically drafted and developed well.
They just got to keep doing that.
And I don't think that they're going to be
a playoff team next year.
The guys that they do have making the big money
aren't getting any younger.
And I guess last but not least, and we always go to you know how are you going to win a stanley
cup it comes down to goaltending and they don't really have one so they got to find a fucking
goaltender i love the guy aiden hill who they got over from arizona he just you're always pumping
his tires he put up great numbers in arizona but it's a little bit different than when you've got to go from being a backup
to a starter where you're getting the net 60 times a year.
It's a psychological warfare.
How can the body hold up?
But he's got a massive frame.
He's extremely athletic.
I think he's pretty decent at playing the puck.
And they got him for next to nothing in a trade from Arizona.
So maybe he's the answer.
But as of right now, they don't have a goaltender for the future.
They got to figure it out.
Greersey would ride the bike, sorry, for 45 minutes after every single workout.
He would sweat.
He would work out his balls off, and then he'd ride the bike 45 minutes.
Looking back at it, he was just dedicated.
So you know the team, whatever they do,
they'll have
that same sort of attitude i would say rob brinda more special merles who is this guy that you were
talking about online from finland that they got assigned he's from sweden he's from timra when i
did my coaching over here i worked with him he grew up uh his dad is olf dalian remember him
oh he was a first rounder right the kid or no? Or no? I think he was second round. He played
with Pedersen. So they were first, second
round. He's been bounced around. He played back
here, went back over, came over
this year. They finally gave him a one-way.
He was playing pretty well, got some
injuries, dropped down. Just give him,
you know, he's not going to cost a lot,
but he's going to be a first, second liner.
But I was going to say the same thing, the goaltending.
And if you look at the goalies,
there's not a lot of goalies out there this year for unrestricted free agents.
And, you know, Witt's team's looking for one.
Biz's might be looking for one.
There's not a lot out there for them.
Which team?
We're taking Biz's team.
Biz has 14 teams.
Well, Toronto, if he's leaving, then what are you going to do?
Well, it's easy for them to get free agents.
And they got a ton of cap space left.
But okay, we'll be looking out for this kid.
So he is on the Merle's watch in San Jose.
Yeah, he had a good year last year.
And he's only going to get better.
Hopefully that does better than my James Neal prediction in last year.
He was getting 35, right?
Yeah, around there.
He did in the AHL, though.
Went to the Calder Cup finals.
Yeah, went to the final.
Yeah, congratulations to Chicago.
They pulled it off.
One last note, though.
I think a fresh set of eyes like that Mike's going to bring in,
that's going to be huge for the franchise because they've had a lot of people there for a long time.
So I think just even having a guy from the outside sort of like,
you know, a fresh check and be like, all right, we can fix this, fix that.
I'm looking forward to what he does there.
I was very surprised, Paul.
Three years out of the playoffs for San Jose,
that's the first time in the franchise's existence
they haven't been in the playoffs for three straight years.
I would have lost that bet from the early start.
I would have thought they definitely missed the playoffs
three years in a row.
That's why Doug Wilson, I mean, he should be,
I think he is maybe in the Hall of Fame as not only a player,
but also in management.
The sustained excellence that was going on in that organization and people are going to say excellence they didn't want to fucking
stanley cup listen they were the poor man's detroit red rings i think they made playoffs
for fucking close to 20 years in a row you just said it they've in their in their short existence
being a california team coming in an expansion draft they've never missed playoffs three times
in a row in back to back toback-to-back seasons that's
very impressive so another tire pump for Dougie Wilson there and I think Dougie Wilson Jr. is now
involved with the organization too so they got a lot of good people involved a lot of good mentors
around and I think Greerzy is going to turn around quick I'd say they're not going to make playoffs
next year I say maybe year two or three of uh. And I was going to actually ask you guys,
coaching predictions for who gets hired in San Jose,
is there any big names still out there left to be signed?
I would say Talkett's a big name,
considering he didn't end up getting the
or whatever ended up getting decided with the Winnipeg job.
Yeah, Talkett's out there.
I mean, David Quinn, I'm sure that's a name you're going to hear.
Yep, Greerzy could be talking to Quinny.
Be you, boys.
Ooh.
I thought there was a chance Quinny could get the Bruins,
and then, you know, Monty gets it, so you never know.
I think that could be a possibility.
And you know he's hungry to get back in.
Oh, yeah.
He wants to coach in the NHL again.
I'm a real journalist now, guys, so I only give it when I know 100.
I won't make it.
You work at a newspaper.
One of the best bellows.
We had some more history made, Biz, in the
AHL as well as the Coachella
Valley Firebirds hired Jessica Campbell
as an assistant coach, and she will
be the first woman to coach behind the bench
in a full-time role in the NHL.
Congratulations to Jessica. I know they call her Soupy, so congrats, Soupy. She was an assistant and skills coach be the first woman to coach behind the bench in a full-time role in the NHL so congratulations to
Jessica I know they call her Soupy so congrats Soupy uh she was an assistant and skills coach
for the Nuremberg Ice Tigers of the German League last year and she was an assistant for the German
team at this year's Worlds uh the Firebirds debut this fall as Seattle's AHL affiliate and Dan
Bilesma will be the head coach uh he said he was asking around about assistance and her name kept coming up.
Everyone he asked to.
So we sent an email to her website and she thought it was a prank or something.
She replied, got the interview.
Boom.
She got the job.
So congrats to her.
A hell of an accomplishment and another barrier broken in the hockey world.
And it's great to see for all those guys who have daughters and nieces and
little cousins who want to get in the game.
It lets them know that there is an avenue for them and following the same
thing with Mike, you know, like I, you know, any,
any like black friends or cousins or whatever,
a little guys in the neighborhood looking up, okay, man,
this guy did it so you can do it too. And that,
and that's the message he sends to young kids and that,
and that's a good thing.
Falls is this you, are you fucking with me? Falls?
Yeah.
Falls on a, on a, on a real.
Hey,
there were a couple other things that were going on with the
ladies too uh wickenheiser promotion in toronto there was a woman that was hired as the assistant
general manager with the devils uh and i mean it's just they're breaking barriers and you're
gonna see more and more of it guys and it's uh it's a good thing to see snap it around and uh
and it was there anybody else already?
Or did I get that wrong?
No, you didn't get it wrong, but I'll run through it.
The Capitals promoted Emily Engel-Natsky to video coordinator,
making her the first woman to become a full-time coaching staff member
in the NHL.
Obviously not behind the bench, but full-time coaching staff member
as a woman.
That's a first.
You just mentioned the least promoted Haley Wickenheiser,
Ryan Hardy, and Daryl Metcalf to assistant GMm also hired curtis sanford as the goaltending coach and
the devils uh they named kate madigan assistant gm making her the sixth ever female assistant gm
in the league that seems to be a position that the women are really coming in on assistant gm so
kudos to them congratulations to all those ladies uh let's see Winnipeg Jets hired Rick Bonas is the
new head coach signed a two-year deal worth two and a half million per season uh he's 67 year
old coach is the first guy to coach both versions of the Winnipeg Jets the old one and the new one
he's the ninth coach hired since the end of the regular season and he said we're gonna get this
team back to the playoffs so uh Merles were you surprised that this is who the Jets ended up with and surprised that it was only a two-year deal?
I was really surprised they took him.
I thought he was retiring.
That's why he left Dallas.
I saw, though, they signed Scott Arneal as an assistant coach,
and I believe he's been up for head coaching jobs.
So, I see that more as a two-headed monster going on up there to try
to right the ship because they do have some nice pieces up there.
I was going to go back quickly just to Supi, the female that was hired by the Coachella Valley Firebirds.
Yes.
He played on that team in Germany, and she was an assistant coach there there and he had high praise for her on social media so I'm actually gonna buzz him after this see if I can get a little bit more dirt on
on what's going on there but what did you just mention again sorry that the bonus I I was not
shocked because I think it's a perfect situation for the Winnipeg Jets I don't exactly know how
the talk it situation broke down um from my understanding, he was the front runner and the job was his.
I don't know if they couldn't come to agreement, whatever.
But one thing that we've mentioned a few times,
and it's not a knock on any individual player,
but just seems like the locker room needs a little bit of a shake,
a culture shift, right?
That's coming out of Winnipeg.
That's anybody you talk to.
Bonus has been around the league and the game for so long he's going to
be able to go in there get the respect of the players he's going to be able to bring up to
management this is what I maybe think is wrong from his point of view which now they obviously
had Paul Maurice's they had you know the guy after him I'm drawing a blank and Larry and uh and and
now they're going to get bonus and then you only have to
commit to two years because you know he's probably you know on the back nine of his coaching career
and you know it was said that he was going to retire but you're able to have a guy where you
only need to commit two years who could tell you and vet what your problems may be and on top of
that maybe they do end up getting rid of some of these guys in the off
season so things do look a little bit different and you know bonus is going to be used to those
types of situations having new personnel and working with them and i still think this is a
very good team with a few different moves and and a culture change and you know maybe a team that's
a little bit more bonded they got some fucking high high skill talent we talk
about going into preseason last year i'd put their top nine against anybody i think that that top nine
is going to change but i think that he's a good guy who can go in there in the short term and turn
things around and you know and and if it's not you only committed two years to him and you can
find the next guy who's willing to go up to winnipeg and coach in siberia yeah there's a lot
of speculation.
They may move.
They may move Wheeler during the offseason.
So obviously we'll keep an eye on that.
But we taught we call it the coaching carousel.
And I saw a tweet today.
Pardon me.
I forgot to tweet it.
But it's a Jim Montgomery got fired in Dallas.
Rick Bonas took over.
Rick Bonas departed Dallas.
Pete DeBoer got the job.
Bruce Cassidy was fired in Boston took DeBoer's old
job Montgomery got hired in Boston to take Cassidy Cassidy's old job so it really is like a
carousel and this number jumped out at me as well Brad Larson the Columbus coach he was hired 390
days ago by the Blue Jackets a little over a year and he is already in the top half of the NHL coach
in tenure like that's insane like I got hired a year ago, and he's already in the top half of coach in Kenya.
It's a lot easier to fire a coach than it is to trade players with the cap
the way it is now.
And the first thing that you look to do when the team isn't getting over the hump
is get a new one.
Absolutely.
A couple more notes before we get to Mo's side of here.
These hoes ain't loyal.
Loyal.
Speaking of music, sorry.
These hoes ain't loyal.
How about playing in the NHL in the Coachella Valley?
Why didn't we have that?
We were going to the worst places.
All of a sudden they got Coachella as a team.
Firebirds.
I never.
I think I think it makes total sense to retirement community.
You get at least there's going to be a little bit of live entertainment.
A lot of Canadians go down there in order to get out of the cold.
People have money there because it's California, obviously.
And you probably get wristbands for Coachella,
and you can be an influencer if you're a hockey player for the two-week time. And they also have that country music festival after Coachella.
So the players get to go,
go enjoy three,
three weeks of concerts and smoke shows walking around. So pretty good setup for the boys.
Although I'd rather be in Utica.
A couple more notes.
Like I said,
before we get the most out of you guys know this guy,
Dana Hines,
a long time NHL equipment manager for the penguins and the lightning.
Before that,
he stepped away up to 30 years on the job.
He didn't use the word retirement in the article, so I don't know if he's actually retiring or switching careers or taking a break.
But we just want to say thanks to Dana.
Like I called the end of the gears of the NHL.
These guys, they make the gears run for the NHL.
Without them, the league doesn't exist.
So thank you to Dana.
I don't know if you guys had anything you want to share.
Oh, he was so fucking professional. We would go to buildings and you would have thought we were at
at home there's fucking stickers everywhere you know outside the locker room like everything's
got a label on it they got labels on guys foreheads so you can't forget guys names
but dana was was so professional the guy who asked me to change my number from uh
was so professional the guy who asked me to change my number from uh um uh 67 to 16 by the way but hey who knows maybe he's seen all these contracts and he's been there for what 15 20 years maybe
he's asking for letang and malcolm money and maybe they just couldn't come out to an agreement
he was so helpful he came in like you said the signs were out of this world i think there was
probably 300 they'd travel with putting
them up taking them down uh great guy he helped me a ton too because my foot was so messed up we
were sharpening my skates at the blades at different different different degrees it was just
so bizarre that i was trying all these different things and he had the patience and he's so
professional he was probably so sick and tired of me when i got traded he just
gave kunit a hug i'm guessing i i'm kidding around i i really like the guy but he was so helpful he
made you put up the signs as a as a payback yeah he's like wait listen he's like listen you're
playing so bad what we're gonna do is i'm gonna have you unpack the skate sharpening machine when
we get into town now and then put all the signs over the sticks and then put a sign of Biz Nasty over the, like, the box that he's going to use.
The urinal.
The shit box.
All right.
I got an insider of why he didn't announce retirement.
Okay.
It's because if Sid starts off cold first 10 games, Sid's back.
He's bringing him right back to sharpen the skates.
Hey, Sid's not  you talk about being a nut about your gear because of your ankles.
What's Sid going to do?
Wow. Some new guy's taking that job,
and he doesn't know yet that he's in one.
He's going to get
He's got to sew that jock together.
Oh, yeah.
They should do a reality show, bring in 16 trainers,
and they got the whole training camp to compete for who's going to be the guy
at Sid's request.
And then he looks at it like when a guy gets eliminated,
he looks at it like the blade.
Remember he used to look at the blades and he used to throw them in the junk
drawer.
He would take eight of the hundred blades that were sent in by CCM.
It's squid games, penguin style.
It's just like they just disappear.
Well, whatever he's doing next
we wish him well. Good luck to
Dana in his next step, whatever he does in life.
And one last news item,
big one before we get to Mo.
The Detroit Red Wings have hired Derek
Hollande as their new head coach. Congratulations
to my pal Newsy. He spent
the last four years as the assistant in Tampa
Bay, but he started his coaching career way back in the mid-90s, back when Congratulations to my pal Newsy. He spent the last four years as the assistant in Tampa Bay.
But he started his coaching career way back in the mid-90s,
back when I was still in college at North Adams State.
Derek came in as a graduate assistant at a Division III school that was a few years from being canceled.
Started his career there, went to Ferris State, then to Denver,
worked his way to the USHL at Green Bay, won a title there.
East Coast with Toledo, AHL at Iowa.
Then he gets picked up by Tampa to be their assistant. W. Won a title there. East Coast with Toledo. AHL at Iowa. Then he gets picked up by Tampa
to be their assistant. Wins his two
cups there. Hell of a pedigree. And
then goes for his interview with
Steve Uy. He gets hired. Awesome.
I love it. This guy's a great guy. He's never
had a losing season as a head coach. The Wings
have missed the playoffs the last six seasons.
News he's going to try to fix that. But I'm just very
happy for him as a buddy of his to
go from. We were both in an office in North Adams. I was doing work study. He was graduate assistant. Now he's going to try to fix that. But I'm just very happy for him as a buddy of his to go from, we were both in an office in North Adams.
I was no work study.
He was graduate assistant and, you know,
now he's coaching the Detroit Red Wings and I work with you chucklehead.
So it's a life's been pretty interesting for the both of us.
I'd say.
Oh man, great, great success and grinded out for so long.
So I know we joke about the coaching carousel,
but there has been some new blood hired and he's one of those names that,
you know,
kept popping up as a guy who with the resume he's got was more than likely
going to land a job.
And I'm sure that Coop probably had a lot to do with it and telling Stevie
why, considering he was the one that got vetted by Stevie, you know,
this guy's ready to go.
He's going to have a young team in Detroit.
He's going to be able to mold it with Stevie why the way that they want it.
And I couldn't be happier. He is in a dream scenario because you've got to imagine there's
no pressure for the first two years there to make playoffs maybe maybe maybe the second year
maybe depending on how this year goes there could be a little bit but those but then you got Mo
Raymond all those guys all of a sudden are going to be finishing their entry level contracts. And if they keep taking that next step and they got Vrana in the mix,
and I'm sure Stevie,
why is going to pull a few rabbits out of his ass at the draft and get these
guys we've never heard of in the sixth round,
just like Detroit normally did.
And he's in a dream scenario.
All right.
When are we getting them on the podcast?
Hopefully soon.
It was obviously a holiday weekend this week.
And I knew,
I knew he was tuned up with stuff, but I'm going'm gonna reach out and see we can hopefully get him on soon and
uh talk about him with his new position and we know one guy who's definitely going to help him
get back to those playoffs is marit cider we're going to get him in one second but first we want
to let you know that the interview is brought to you by peter millar some is here which means more
time spent in the sun and on the golf course peter malaz crown sport performance polos are the perfect short shirts to golf in these versatile poles are packed with peter
malaz signature innovation like four-way stretch moisture wicking and most importantly upf 50 plus
protection whether you're a classic solids and stripes guy or prefer one of the bold prints like
myself take on all of your sun-filled rounds this summer with Peter Millar's tour-tested lineup of Crown Sport Performance Polos.
Head on over to petermillar.com slash chicklets
to explore the Crown Sport Polos and the full range of Peter Millar apparel.
Whit, I know you've got some of this stuff.
How comfortable is this when you're on the course?
It's the best. It's the only thing I golf in.
It's the perfect shirt because if it's very hot and you sweat, it's still fine.
It's very easy. It's lightweight, breathable.
I love them and I actually love like when it gets a little chilly out because
the quarter zips are my favorite too, but it is the best company going.
When we started working with them,
I was actually shocked because it was my favorite stuff to wear to begin with.
And they started doing like specific merch for us pink whitney colors they got the skull on the
shirt uh good luck finding me on a golf course uh without my peter millar i actually got the
outfit that i'm gonna be wearing a vgc uh right after we get off this i'm going to play 18 baby
you're going to play today dude oh yeah oh yeah let's go yeah buddy yeah, yeah. Let's go. Yeah, buddy. Yeah, buddy.
I love it, dude.
Yeah, you tell that man missile from Minnesota, Brody.
What's his last name?
Baldi.
Baldi.
Yeah.
Young pigeon that has me twice now.
So to get your gear, head on over to PeterMillard.com
slash chicklets to explore the crown sport polos
and the full range of Peter Mill millard apparel and now enjoy call the trophy winner as rookie of the year maritz cider
all right it's time to bring on our guest this defenseman was selected sixth overall by detroit
at the 2019 draft the highest the german defenseman has ever been selected in his rookie year he led
the red wings in ice time and block shots and finished second in hits and shots.
And thanks to his terrific first season, he was named a finalist for the Calder Trophy, which goes to the NHL's Rookie of the Year.
Thanks so much for joining us on the Spittin' Chicklets podcast.
Moritz Seider, how are we doing, my friend?
Good. How are you guys?
Oh, we're doing phenomenal. We really appreciate you coming on.
And it's an exciting time for you, right?
We're going to find out very soon if you're the Rookie of the Year. year you're my pick i'm not just trying to uh blow you here but you're my
pick but where are you at right now like how's the off season been so far and what's the excitement
level for yourself being up for a major award yeah it's been uh it's been huge so far so uh
very quick turnaround after um the last quarterfinals in the world, and then hopped on a plane to the Seychelles right away
to get a nice little vacation.
And started training last week,
and now having a little break for a big event,
which I really enjoy so far.
Now, where are you right now exactly?
We're staying at the Marriott in Tampa,
and just preparing ourselves.
I got my girlfriend, my agent, my brother.
They all got in town, so we have a nice little crew
and just enjoying every single day so far.
Two questions.
One, where did you say you went on vacation?
Sorry, I couldn't really understand you.
The spot you took some time off?
Yeah, the Seychelles in East Africa.
Whoa. Beautiful, beautiful beaches. you took some time off uh yeah the seychelles and uh in east africa whoa beautiful beautiful
beaches was the first vacation for uh i don't know the last two and a half years yeah and um
so uh obviously with all the covet and stuff uh was really hard to to escape for a little bit and
now it was just really time so nice and then the other part of that was um i'm guessing there's there's got to be a bonus in there for rookie of the year right so if you
find out tonight i mean we're going hard in tampa i'm guessing the boys getting after tampa when you
win this thing actually i don't know um that's a good question uh i have i have no clue at all, and I'm dead honest.
So I've got to ask some people and maybe find out later.
You've got to ask your agent.
He's going to say, oh, shit, I hope you wouldn't ask me about that.
I was going to keep it.
Have you had a moment to process everything that's happened over the last year for you, Mo?
I mean, you stepped into the NHL, and you were such a dominant defenseman.
How physical you played, the way you stepped into the NHL and you were such a dominant defenseman. The way that, how physical you played,
the way you were able to move up the ice
with the puck and make plays
and be put in all these types of situations.
I mean, I, the only,
the only expectation I had coming into this year
was getting a roster spot.
And with earning that opportunity,
I think we're living in a society you always
want more and more and then achieve bigger goals so um with that said i think i i wanted to become
um yeah a leading defenseman for our team even though i'm young and i i got great support on
my side with with all the great defensemen in Detroit.
And yeah, I bonded with Nick Letty right from the start.
And I think you saw that on the ice.
So that gave me a lot of confidence.
And I mean, speaking for all hockey players, I think it's a lot easier with confidence than playing without it.
And everything I've heard about you and watching you play,
you could tell some serious drive to be the best.
So being from Germany, and they keep producing better players
and more and more better teams in the international stage,
but even as a young kid with how big soccer or football is there,
were you always focused on, like, I want to be a Norris Trophy defenseman,
I want to be a top pick?
Was that kind of your goal from a real young age?
No, not at all. For me, the biggest goal was just always to play in my hometown team.
It's a it's a third league team. And I was I was that was everything for me.
I mean, my my parents had to had to go to every single game starting starting by the U21 at that time.
The under-21 had a league there, which was really good.
And then the pros, they played in the third league.
So we went there every weekend.
We only lived five minutes away from the rink.
So I basically lived there night and day.
the rink so um i basically lived there uh night and day so um yeah for for me the nhl wasn't even um a thing at that time so the 10 year old mo cider he's not watching eric carlson in ottawa
he's watching like the the leading scorer of not even the del but the third division in germany
and that's who you're hoping to be yeah at that time um for sure. And when I was, I think, 12, I had a chance playing with Mannheim for, I think it was an under-14 tournament or something in Bolzano.
And that was the first time I really had a chance seeing other kids in my age and see how competitive international hockey is.
So that was really eye-opening.
And from that moment, I was, okay, I want to play for that team in the DEL
and see how far I can get.
I mean, you're a freak athletically.
Did you actually involve yourself in other sports come summertime
or was it always just hockey during the season
and then ice hockey training in the summertime?
No, I think growing up, you basically play every single sport or whatever you have time for.
So I was big in track and field at that time and also played soccer, obviously.
that time and um I also played soccer obviously um always liked uh the bicycle so I was uh big on that and there was one point I had to decide um if I either ride the bike or or stay with uh stay
with hockey and then as it's getting colder in Germany I think my decision was pretty clear so i uh i stepped off uh the
the bike and and yeah tied up my skate so um yeah but uh to finish out i think you growing up you
just play every sport and just see um what what what fits you the most yeah and so you when you
say riding a bike like you're talking at one point you wanted to be a tour de france guy
yeah probably uh i also tried myself and how do you guys call it the velo drone oh yeah when you're talking at one point you wanted to be a tour de france guy yeah probably uh i also tried myself and how do you guys call it the velo drone oh yeah when you're buzzing around and that's that
yeah you're basically quadzilla at that point because your legs end up becoming just massive
right exactly so that was uh i was a little bit too tall for that and um because they're all very very tiny guys but super jacked and have huge legs so
i'm i'm not quite fitting in that in that model right there so i had to switch mo you had better
watch a lot of nhl growing up but did they air a lot of games in germany when you were a kid
for sure but i think for me the first time i saw the nhl was watching uh sc Scott Niedermeyer's highlights on YouTube.
And yeah, from that moment on, I was like, wow,
how can a defenseman change the game in that specific way?
So that was a really cool moment.
And from that on, you just watch highlights over and over again.
Well, it's funny you say him because
i always talk about you and how like there's like signs of pronger because you have such a mean
streak to your game yeah you're a mean bastard you're pretty nice with us yeah what the hell
when when and where did you develop that mean streak was it something that you always had
naturally or did maybe you get advised like hey you got to add this to your game if you're going to make an impact in North America, specifically the NHL?
I think for me personally, it was always a little bit a part of my game just because I always played against older guys and they were always bigger and stronger.
So it was not really just throwing their bodies around.
It was more protecting yourself from being thrown around.
bodies around it was more protecting yourself from from being thrown around and um yeah usually guys were um four to five years older um growing up um playing against them or with them uh on my team so
you you had to adjust pretty early and i think once i once i grew fast um and and finished up
with with i don't know six feet'3", 6'2", now,
I think it was more easy to throw your body into your opponent.
So you went from getting bullied to then bullying NHL veterans
like earlier in your career with Detroit.
I remember there was a whistle that went,
and then you ended up stealing the puck off headman.
And this is against Tampa earlier in the season.
Do you remember that?
And what was going through your season do you remember that and
what was going through your head when you did that and did you hear a lot of chirps the rest
of the game because you went up and stole that puck yeah actually I I didn't even knew at that
point it will become such a big thing but it was it was just in a moment I saw his eyes and he
wanted to get that puck and I was like okay let's, let's just go for it and play around a little bit.
But yeah, I think he got pretty angry.
But it was funny because we had the whole locker room talk afterwards
after the game because nobody saw that.
And then just the clip popped up.
And yeah, we're laughing a little bit.
I'm sure the vets were having a good time with that in the locker room.
Going into the draft mode, were you expecting to go that high?
Were you surprised Detroit took you when they took you?
Looking back, I always had the best meetings with Detroit and I even,
I met with,
with the whole organization a day before the draft too and had a really good
and long meeting, but there was always that number six pick so I I just thought they they liked me I like my personality
but I didn't expect to be drafted from Detroit um I also never talked with my agency and my
friends about where I was getting picked because I didn't want to get disappointed.
So every time you expect something,
you usually get disappointed if it's not happening.
So I didn't want to get disappointed at that stage or at that event.
So for me, it was just, we were going to enjoy the moment.
My family was there, my agent was there,
and we just had such a great time in Vancouver so it was very nerve-wracking but
obviously a life-changing moment because you're you're draft year right I mean like you're playing
in the DEL which is a big deal and you're playing against men but you know the numbers weren't like
you have 50 points in your rookie year in the show like you didn't have huge offensive numbers but
I'm assuming they could tell your upside based on the way you
played, the mean streak you had, defensively
how good you were. So it must
have been still a little surprising to be like,
oh my God, I went in the top 10.
This is amazing because going into that draft
year, I'm guessing that thought wasn't really
there for you.
No, because you never even talk
to scouts or
anything. It's just you play with the guys, you play with the boys,
get a couple opportunities with the men's team.
And then all of a sudden, at the last regular season games,
there are 80 scouts in the stands.
And you're like, oh, wow.
I don't know, something is popping up in their eyes too
but i mean i i don't even know what what i'm doing right i just i just have fun out there and i i i
always think man these other defensemen are so much better and they're it's just amazing to see
what they're doing so for me it's just having fun and and enjoying your teammates on and off the ice.
And for anyone listening, you can tell me if you agree or disagree,
but that's something to me where you've got so many kids over here in North America,
and I was the same even before social media.
You're draft year.
You're comparing yourself to others.
All the time.
Whereas this kid's saying, like, I didn't really have expectations.
Tunnel vision.
I just played, and that's what it's all about.
As opposed to looking at possible draft competition and their numbers, you were just like hey i'm gonna have fun and i'm gonna
get as good as i can get so that's pretty cool hearing that yeah mo yeah for sure and it was
it was different um because you you're not playing against your your age group and you're playing
against you're playing against men and you know if if you fuck up or you're making too many mistakes, you're getting benched.
And that happened quite some times.
And you're maturing very, very fast, I think.
F-bomb. He's warming up with the boys.
We could maybe add a seat to the podcast if the career doesn't work out, buddy.
What do you got for us?
We got our european correspondent here
merles wants to pop in enough about the hockey in germany there's one thing i always talk about
my experience there is the annual team trip to oktoberfest so i want to hear about your your
trips down there and i'm sure the fans want to know more about oktoberfest and why is it in
september very disappointing story story from my end,
because at that time I was going to school
and playing with the men's team.
And a good friend of mine and former teammate,
we were picking outfits,
just getting ready with the whole outfit,
the leather hose and a nice shirt,
some high socks and a hat.
And we're all dialed in and getting ready
because we play on the road Friday and Sunday.
And we would stay and hit the Oktoberfest in Munich on Monday
and then go back Tuesday.
So I think you guys know where this is going. So I was
hyped up and checked up
and we were playing and they were
handing after the game, they were handing
me a ticket.
They're like, hey, you got to
get back and do school.
I was like, I was losing it.
I have my outfit picked out.
Yeah, it was the first
time I would be at the Oktoberfest,
so I was devastated and very sad because I got all the snaps from the boys
and never having a great time, and I was sitting at school and doing classes.
That's a lot of FOMO from the boys.
But he's going to make 90 million.
That's true. He'll have some fun. boys. But he's going to make 90 million. That's true.
You're going to have your own Oktoberfest.
But Grinelli told me that you made up for it
because when you guys ended up winning the championship,
I don't know if it was at the DEL,
you ended up having some fun in the parade through the town
where you were probably able to get just as buckled,
if not more buckled than you would have at Oktoberfest
and you were jumping around and having a good time. yeah we had we had like a car parade through the city
and at that point i didn't even realize uh the guys were telling me mo you broke two cars
jump on the back on two cars and you're 230 mo you you broke the suspension from the car
that's no chance.
That wasn't me.
There's no camera, so it wasn't me.
Yeah, we definitely had a great time for sure.
So for a kid, I sense that family means a lot to you.
You love being from Germany.
And all of a sudden you get drafted and boom,
they want you to come over to the AHL that year.
And this is before COVID even existed at the end of 2019.
Were you excited to get over and start your pro career,
like thinking probably be in the AHL?
Or was it more like, ah, I wish I was playing in the DEL
for maybe another season?
What was your thought on coming over when you did?
Obviously, I love being home and love having my family around.
But at some point, you want to explore the world
and create your own life and make
your own decisions and and learn by by doing so um that was that was really cool and i was really
excited just coming over and playing the hl um after after getting caught at training camp you're
you're you're very focused because you know okay you you could have a settled frame where you can where you can mature you you play a lot you have cool guys
around and that was that was really important for me to have a good a good plan ahead but it was it
was challenging obviously the hl isn't an easy league and it's it's it's quite tough sometimes
but you gotta you gotta fight through it and manage it.
I think it will help you in the end, either becoming a better hockey player or a better person.
What was the toughest part of your rookie year in the NHL this past season?
Just playing all the games.
I've never played 82 games. It was challenging, not physically, but mentally so challenging.
Just to keep your mind fresh, it was hard.
Did you feel like you hit that so-called rookie wall at a certain point?
Yeah, I think even before the All-Star break right around Christmas,
you usually played that many games
in a whole season in Germany.
So it was quite challenging, but it's fun.
You fly private, you sleep in great hotels,
you have really cool memories on the road with the guys for dinners
and all the stories you learn about their families and their lives.
So there's always new input.
So that keeps you motivated for sure.
Before we get to the relationships with your teammates,
I want to go back to the fact that you said you had a couple meetings
with the Red Wings.
Was Stevie Y always in the meetings when you guys met before you were drafted?
And do you have any funny stories of maybe questions that he was grilling you about because we've heard some funny stories in the past about questions that
he's asked guys and he's did his dad pen did he pass the bong over is what witt's asking
i uh i have no idea about that. But I just like the person.
Tremendous respect for him and that he always takes the time,
especially when my family was there or my family, just one story.
When we played the under-20s in Czech, the World Juniors,
he knew my parents were there and he was waiting outside for an hour
until they arrived.
So just to say hi and, I mean, he knows that my parents barely speak any English
and he is just waiting for them to say hi, to check in.
And that's just something that sticks to your mind, you know.
And same with the meetings.
He was asking tons of questions about my parents, my brother,
what they do, how they raised me, why they would move places
so I could become a better hockey player.
And yeah, my meeting at the Comb combine was twice as long as usual.
I was 40 minutes.
I had the last meeting with Detroit.
So that was really sticking with my mind.
So yeah, just great memories.
Mo, what was the story behind the bow tie at the draft?
And is that something you're going to break out again
for the Calder Trophy ceremony?
You wore a bow tie?
That's, oh man man is that a move
maybe maybe tonight um let's see yeah you gotta do it now it's good luck exactly yeah it is um so
there's just a story behind it was uh dominic bach he's a really good friend um he uh got drafted in the first round the the year prior and i was like
maybe it's maybe it's good luck so um i was going with it and then um tim stutzler was doing it the
year after and it worked out pretty well too so um yeah maybe it's it's a german thing or maybe
it's just a thing that worked out for us but But yeah, but I had to really dress up because my outfit at the combine wasn't that impressive.
I had no idea how to show up.
So I showed up in long golf pants with just an easy colored shirt.
And I thought that's going to be it.
And it wasn't.
I just had sneakers on.
And I looked very goofy.
And I think that stuck with a lot of scouts and GMs wear my sneakers.
So the season in Grand Rapids gets canceled, right?
When COVID hit, everything gets canceled.
You go home.
The next year, nobody knows what's going on with the AHL, NHL, German League.
You end up going to the Swedish Hockey League.
Obviously, that season turns out amazing.
You get Defenseman of the Year.
But what went through your head?
Were you kind of hoping to play in Mannheim again if you're going to be at home?
How did you find out you were going to Sweden?
And then basically, that experience, I'm guessing, couldn't have gone any better than it actually did for you oh it was exactly what I needed I think at that
at that time um 100 and I'm really convinced I needed that extra year so um in the end I think
looking back everything worked out but um to to your question um uh yeah first of all, I was planning on playing with Mannheim
until you have a scheduled date for training camp
and then you can go over.
Then Switzerland was still an option,
but every team was full.
And then we were sitting at dinner with my agent
and we were like, hey, Mo, what do you think about Sweden?
Would that ever be an option?
I was like, I think in Europe, it's the closest league to the NHL.
I think it would be really cool to play there one day.
And then four days later, we got an offer,
a loan offer from Regla.
And another four days later i was i was
i was in engelholm so it was a really fast quick transition and uh it worked out uh i think just
fine and and i i like how you mentioned how good of a league it is so our buddy merle's here who
you chatted with quick i went over to the khl and he'd played in in russia and explained to me what
it's like then i signed in moto and he said listen
this swedish league these guys work their balls off it's definitely the hardest hockey over in
europe it's the most close you're going to get to the nhl so you completely agreed with that huh
like those guys the way their work ethic is it makes for no easy nights the way you could probably
get some in in russia or maybe the del oh 100. And it's not because people don't cheat.
I think sometimes if guys are really good, they're cheating and they get away with it.
But over there, everyone is playing in their system.
You have tight games all the time.
And the leading score is always right around a point per game
because it's not a lot of high-scoring games.
It's all about based on defense and, yeah, not a lot of turnovers.
Maybe you have one or two two-on-ones or maybe a three-on-two,
but that's about it.
And you barely see any breakaways and all that type of stuff.
So, yeah.
Yeah, very responsible.
That's why I was minus 10 in two games.
So it's safe to say that it's a step up from the AHL?
Would you agree with that?
It's a better league than the AHL, yes.
And it's harder to play in than Russia.
Yeah.
I mean, maybe not from the speed perspective
because the hockey surface is still bigger.
But the overall game, I think,
is a little bit more skill and just more structure.
I think sometimes you have, in the NHL,
people are running around looking after themselves first to maybe get that call-up or anything like that,
and over there, it's more you play for the championship.
Before you got to the NHL,
was there a certain coach or trainer
or anyone that you really leaned on for career advice nonstop
throughout your growth as a player?
Honestly, and I truly believe that,
I think every single coach I worked with taught me something.
Maybe it was just how to eat the proper way
or maybe just to do a tight turn in a
certain way but i think every coach has has a story to tell and it's just all on you what what
you're picking up and what are you listening to so um maybe some of them were great. Maybe some of them were not so great. But I think you've got to manage it and adjust yourself being coachable.
And I think that's why it worked out so well for me.
I love how you mentioned just like the first class or the chartered flights in the NHL.
So it must have been so shocking.
And even though the beginning of the year with all the COVID testing,
it wasn't exactly what you're usually dealing with.
But when you're hopping on these chartered jets with the sushi waiting for you,
flying to Chicago and nights off and days off in California,
you must have been blown away with the first class part of being an NHLer, huh?
A hundred percent because you know where you came from.
Yep.
And you're so thankful and you don't want to lose it.
And that's why I think once you realize that, you work even harder and enjoy the moments
even more because you know they're not forever.
the moments even more because you know they're they're not forever and i think uh every that's that's what every veteran told us you gotta soak in every second every single second because it's
it's it's over fasted and you uh blink i think yeah uh mo red red rings legend nicholas lichstrom
he's the vp of hockey ops does he help you out at all maybe give you some tips uh not that you
need any but he maybe chip in with some advice here and there given how good of a play he was um yeah he was he was actually in a
couple meetings with um with the assistant coach and and him this year we're just going over video
and um obviously it's great to to get some advice from him because uh i don't know seven times uh
norris winner i think and um yeah it's just just great to have someone like him by your side.
What's the story?
You wore 18, then 21, then eventually moved to 53.
And I guess there's a backstory with the Herbie the Love Bug movie
and how you decided to pick your number.
Is that true?
Or am I just reading internet rumors here, Mo?
No, it's true um it's uh
i think it's still funny because i was wearing 18 all the time in in uh in my hometown and then
when i got to manheim 18 was gone so i i picked uh 21 uh I thought I was always always good uh lucky 21 and um I was going
with that but then when I got the chance playing with the men's team 18 and 21 was gone and my
parents and I watched uh Herbie the Love Bug um a night prior and so I was uh i was putting uh i was getting on the hot seat and uh always putting
on the hot seat and they were like hey we need a number we need a number now so we get the jersey
ready for for tonight and i was like um i don't know 18 21 they were gone so okay 53 and um now it's it's really nice to have that number because uh my grandpa um was born 53 and so
i can always have him uh on my back and and and carry carry his uh his his name with me that's
awesome and we kind of glossed over um how you mentioned steve eisman was asking your family
about doing whatever it took for you to become a better player.
And Grinelli just texted me that your entire family did move to the Mannheim area when you were 14 years old.
So was that kind of shocking to you?
I mean, how thankful for that were you?
Did you even want to?
I mean, it must have been a pretty big move for your parents to just get up and all for your career. And it must be pretty appreciative looking back on it now.
It must be pretty appreciative looking back on it now.
Oh, looking back, I think it's, I think in my opinion,
unheard of that a lot of people can say they didn't move places for their kids so they can create their own legacy.
And it was, yeah, I'm very, very thankful for now.
Because at that, at the time you just you just see like, okay, I,
I just want my normal life just in a different city and they're like, okay,
let's do it. And, um, you,
you don't even realize what, what that means at that time. Um, yeah.
Moving places, getting, getting a new apartment, um,
quitting their jobs. Um, I don't know not cancelling but
putting every friendship on pause
to start
all over again
it's quite
remarkable and everything
worked out perfectly
they love it in Mannheim
I have a great friend
base over there
both have a great friend base over there and they're both have really really
great jobs so they're staying there and i think um it couldn't work out in a better way at all
mo do you watch a lot of nhl games and father league real close uh now yeah i mean obviously
then uh once you once you knew what the nhl was uh for sure i was
gonna ask you i mean despite everything you did on the ice i think one of the most impressive
things was this mojo show you got going with the team and all this internet content you were
provided on top of the entertainment you're providing on the ice when were you asked to
do all the these viral videos and did you feel comfortable doing them um i think it's it's it's it's easy
for me to uh to be in front of the camera because i just try to be myself and not pretend being
someone else and i think that's just authentic and um that's maybe what exactly what the people want to see. And I think for us, for Lucas and myself,
it was just a funny story behind it.
And then Joe Valeno stepped in too.
And yeah, for us, it was more having a good time
and then seeing it actually becoming a thing
was even more fun.
Have you met a fellow Call the Finalist, Trevor Zegers?
Have you met him in person?
Yeah, that was the crew I chilled with during the Combine.
At that time, I think it was the under-18 program from the U.S. team,
and they're really cool kids, so I know him a little bit, yeah.
Yeah, he's not shy, huh?
and they're a really cool kid, so I know him a little bit, yeah.
Yeah, he's not shy, huh?
No, I think he's anything but shy,
but obviously a tremendous hockey player.
I think Grandpa Bunting stole a spot on the Calder finalist list away from your buddy Lucas Raymond.
That's why he wears 53, it's his grandfather.
I was just going to ask you about your relationship with lucas and
what's he like off the ice oh he's he's just he's just an awesome guy um uh he stayed with me um
during the first month until he found a place and we got really close and yeah i did everything
together and um it's just it's just fun to be around.
He always makes people laugh.
It's always a cool time.
He's into the same things and fashion, same kind of music.
We could really touch base on a lot of things.
It was just really fun to have someone who's going through the same phases as you at the same time.
Love it.
Tyler Bertuzzi, he's another guy who seems like a wild card on the team.
What's he like in the room?
He is.
He's just him and Mark Stoll are just the two good balls we have, I think.
They're just so funny.
Everything they say, you have to laugh,
even though it's maybe something serious but you just can't take take him serious because they're they're just so funny and um it's it's
just so funny to see him being being a dad now and um i'm doing such a great job so it's it's
something that's you gotta you gotta uh you gotta pinch yourself because uh yourself because the two things don't add up.
I read that you're a big video game guy, so I'd imagine you're playing online.
Are you shit-talking a lot?
Do you put the headset on and get going against maybe random kids?
That was when we played in Grand Rapids.
That was my job because I was dead every single time.
And I had to be the trash talker, but it was quite funny
because everyone else was playing until the end
and I was just watching all the guys playing online because I died.
But that's kind of my job.
I think playing video games, I'm not the best.
Right now, I'm more into the F1. I think we have a pretty cool group there in Detroit,
too, who play a lot of F1. Yeah, that Drive to Survive series is pretty sick on Netflix. That's
kind of how I got into it. But hockey-wise, we're watching the finals right now, and you see Colorado
and Tampa basically built
through the draft. You have to
grow your teams now that way.
Detroit, after all that success,
it's been a couple lean years, but three years in a row
they get you, they get Raymond,
and kind of fill in the rest of the people
who haven't seen him yet about this
Edvinson. I know Raymond played
with him in Forlunda last year.
We're looking at another monster defenseman coming in
to really compliment you, right?
100, I think.
Just seeing what Detroit did in the last couple of years,
I think our future is so bright,
and it's going to be so much fun competing a couple of years again
and being really good.
And I think we're having enough already, Lucas and I, of losing.
I don't want to even talk about the other guys who've been there for,
I don't know, five, six years.
And I think their second tie over the city is, I mean,
Little Caesars didn't even, I think, get a
chance to see a playoff game
at all. So I think we're very hungry
and looking forward to that.
Oh, yeah. Iserplan is buzzing
right now. You got the goalie too that you saw.
The monster goalie. Kosa.
I don't know if you saw my little chant before
the game for the boys to get the Oil Kings going.
They ended up fucking winning.
Tell Stevie why. I can come in your room and work my magic if you guys want okay yeah yeah
i need it but i need an appearance on the mojo show first yeah okay oh and then the last thing
so um well i think uh i think our european correspondent has one more well i got one one
one more usually biz would ask this you got to tell us about the rookie party.
Where was it?
How much did they hit your wallet?
It was okay because we had eight rookies because of the COVID years.
So I was really, really thankful for that.
And it was helpful to have a couple more guys.
It was fun.
We did it in AZ.
And yeah, it was a really nice dinner.
A lot of drinks.
A lot of different variations of drinks.
And just trying to forget the OT loss an hour prior.
So that was hitting us pretty fast.
Did you hit the Viagra Triangle in Old Town?
Did you guys go right to the Vortex?
No.
We just
had a good time.
At that time, I think you really
learn a lot about the guys
because they're sharing stories.
You share stories.
And you don't share much chiclets.
Exactly.
Did they make you go to the front and tell a joke
and send each guy up where you had to do a skit or something at the restaurant?
Yeah, we did that already in the bus.
We just wanted to get it over, and everyone just grabbed the mic,
and we're singing songs, telling jokes,
and just tried to make the the other guys laugh um well before before we
wrap up a special night tonight with the calder trophy presentation i certainly think you're
gonna win it knock on wood but what's bump but what's coming well speaking of the chicklets bump
what's cool is a a personal friend of all of ours on the show a kid jake tebow he played a he played
high school hockey in Massachusetts. He had a
devastating spinal cord injury this year. Right now he's in a wheelchair. He won't be in it forever,
but he just texted me. He had no idea we're interviewing. He's given the Calder trophy
tonight. So it'd be pretty cool if you're lucky enough to win it, which I think you will go up
and say hello to Jake for us. And hopefully tonight's a special night for yourself. I could
tell a modest kid with a crazy bright future
so we appreciate you joining the show
yeah thank you
yeah I think it will be a phenomenal
night either way how it's going
but I think everyone
deserves to be here and I think we just
tried to make the most out of it
give Grandpa Bunting
my best because I know I was on his
tray but hey he needs the Viagra
Mo, you're beyond your years buddy
we thank you so much for your time
we're so excited to see your growth as a player
and you're welcome back anytime
and tell Stevie why I said what's up
and I'll see you on the Mojo show buddy
alright, that sounds good
thank you so much
thank you Mo. Good luck, buddy. You're the man, buddy.
Aw, man.
Huge thanks to Mo Sider for jumping on.
Such a nice kid.
Like I said, just wisdom beyond his years.
Just really appreciative of what he has and where he is.
And the kid's going to be a stud for years to come.
Here's my conspiracy theory.
What is it?
It's him and Nick Lidstrom had a brain transplant.
Somebody put Nick Lidstrom's brain inside this kid because he is too far beyond his years to be
the age that he is am i wrong here it's in how about him talking about like right like very early
on about like how much his parents and his family have done for him and he's just like so appreciative
of everything and i i really sense like so appreciative and thankful he's in the NHL.
He has none of the young guy syndrome. It's just like,
I'm supposed to be here. Like he actually understands like how,
how quickly that can be and how much you have to really like take every day.
Right. Because it's, it's, it's a crazy job.
And when somebody that young appreciates it that much, it's pretty,
pretty cool to see. Yeah. He knows it's a crazy job when somebody that young appreciates it that much. It's pretty, pretty cool to see. Yeah. He, he knows it's a privilege.
So that's another guy that will be going head to head with my car for the
Norris for the next 10 years. I left him off my list last week.
No doubt.
And his interview was also brought to you by Skrill.
Skrill is the best digital wallet for gamblers because it was built for
gamblers, sophisticated gamblers, use it to manage their bankroll,
whether they are playing games like poker or betting on their favorite sports.
They manage their bankroll using the wallet,
which allows them to pay instantly and securely.
It's payments without limits, basically.
And you can access your bankroll with instant deposits and withdrawals
and also draw the cash using your prepaid card.
Let's just say Skrill is the best digital wallet for sports bettors,
so it's a no-brainer to create your free account right this instant.
Make sure to sign up at skrill.com slash boss tool to create your free account
and complete the account verification by clicking follow the game after registering
so you can start using their digital wallet today.
Give that stuff a look-see. Next a little more red wings talk unrivaled uh doc on espn last week about the
red wings and avalanche rivalry back in the late 90s early 2000s i thought it was fucking awesome
i literally literally top 10 hockey doc ever possibly lower maybe top eight maybe top five but
just a phenomenal doc they do the whole soup to nuts dive on it and i thought what was good with was you know claude lemieux gets blamed for everything
and you know claude lemieux was claude lemieux he did some things but i thought it was very
important that they brought up the koslov hit on adam foot and adam foot says i don't care what
you say that started it like that was the first dirty hit in colorado was just counter punching
after that i thought that was a pretty valid point to bring up, that, you know, the foot getting 20 stitches,
no penalty, by the way.
That got all the bad blood going.
What was your take on the doc?
It was one of my favorite things I've ever watched,
hockey-wise, no doubt about it.
I was talking about, my wife, like, started watching with me.
She never watches stuff like that.
I was like, just watch this.
And then I was telling her, this is when I was,
so 96, I'm 13, right? Like, you're in the peak of like hockey fandom i feel like that's right
there i was just so into the nhl i had my favorite players i loved eiserman i left definitely like
the wings because i was looking up to lidstrom so much then and all of a sudden like you realize
once you look back now and you see the 20 Hall of Famers between the two teams, five cups between them from 96 to 2002.
Just the games. I had forgot so much.
All right. Different. I had forgot completely about the foot hit.
And I love how they dove deep when Colorado gets why they go to Montreal.
They show what happened to him that night.
They're talking to, ironically, the guys on Detroit
who were the ones who lit him up for 10 goals
when he never played again for the Canadians.
There was all these different routes they took.
One thing I was disappointed in,
I thought we'd go into a little more how Forsberg,
where he came from.
I love a documentary on Peter Forsberg,
but they did talk at the beginning about the Quebec Nordiques,
seeing those guys in the Nordiques jerseys.
How bad do you feel if the Nord If the Nordiques fans up there,
they had a wagon team gets ripped away from them. But yeah,
I could go on so long about this. Claude Lemieux. I mean,
can I tell you the one thing he said that I was like, Holy fuck,
this guy is just the most ruthless competitor.
I think it was Brendan Shanahan. Yeah. Well, Shanahan who told the story, story they go in they do a great job i hope i'm not if i this is a small part but if you
don't want to get any spoilers don't listen for the next three minutes or 23 if i keep talking
like sometimes i do they literally go back to the freaking devils when claude lemieux and shanahan
are on the team together and they're boys, they got like, they're describing,
Shanahan's describing him as a really good friend. And, and so, you know,
they, they end up getting traded off or whatever.
They're not teammates again. And so he gets, he signs with Detroit,
it gets traded there, whatever it was. And,
and he hadn't been a part of the team that,
that that was there when Draper got hit.
So he kind of had to manufacture some hate for him, right?
And he was such good friends with him.
The first time Lemieux, they play against each other,
they're skating around.
He goes, in one of them, he goes,
you're a fucking loser.
You've never won anything in your life.
And Shannon tells the story, and he hadn't won a cup, right?
Like he was fucking, that's just,
and you think about Cole Lemieux and the dirty hits, hits but holy fuck would you want that guy on your team all the big
goals he scored too and like there's just so many different factors of this documentary that hit was
so dirty the amount of police they had like for him when he came back to detroit that night i had
no idea it was the fourth time they played that season. I always thought it was the first game they met.
There was just so many different aspects that made this documentary incredible.
So I have not watched it yet because I was driving.
Dude, you're going to love it.
Two hours.
Because I was  maybe I'll get it for my six months in the wilderness.
I'll stock up my Netflix account.
Yeah, you'll have internet out there.
I was going to ask you, like, what were the things that surprised you
about something that we think that hockey fans know most about but the the foot getting hit i was
completely unaware and i saw the clip online about that and then of course all the behind the scenes
stories but was there anything else that popped out to you ra that you might not have known or
any of you guys yeah and not to spoil i mean i wrote i think a 1700 word blog about it and it
was definitely
spoiler filled all this shit had happened but but i did spoil it but here's the whole doc well
i mean it's it's it's history a lot of a lot of it's known but i was kind of doing that kind of
like holy shit i forgot this like well what was just talking about uh lemieux and and shanney
shanahan's like yeah it's kind of my little dirty secret like i was friends with him years ago
because brendan lemieux was named after brendan Brendan Shanahan. That's what, that's what Lemieux said.
But the story Lemieux talks about when after the game,
he hits Draper and he's walking out, he's holding Brendan,
his infant baby at the time and his wife and father-in-law and Scotty Bowman
starts chirping him from the, from the fucking Detroit bus.
And he walks right over and he puts his foot on the first step of the bus.
He's like, what you, what, what are you saying?
Like it was all kinds of chaos.
I don't think any punches get thrown. I think cooler heads prevail.
So the next day he has to go to McNichols arena to get his first hearing.
And he said, all of a sudden he's in like a six foot hallway with a door on
either side. And lo and behold, who comes walking in the other side?
How to know where Scotty Bowman and Lemieux looks at him and says,
do you have anything to say now? He goes, he was very quiet.
Like the way he told the story, like, in other words,
like Bowman was like with the team behind him and like when he was like yeah what
are you gonna say now what about your team here and i was like holy shit he was a ballsy dude
off the ice because he was no matter how dirty he was he did leave everything on the ice he didn't
think anything should be brought in that situation it was all about winning so you could understand
why he was pissed off that that you know bowman accosted him well especially when he was pissed off that, you know, Bowman accosted him, especially when he was holding his kid. But that was one.
Well, part of the thing, the other one too, R.A.
is I kind of forgot.
I actually forgot a lot of it, I guess.
But I forgot completely that it was the game that they clinched was that hit.
I thought there was another game for some reason.
So to see him, to see him like he's celebrating so hard in the line
right before he shakes somebody's hand.
I think it's Cicerelli, the clip they show.
And then the Detroit seeing like his zero lack of remorse.
They kept talking about there was never an apology.
And it was just a wild story.
The reporter who said it's time for revenge.
And then Pierre Lacroix is like going at him in the press box.
And another thing about Claude Lemieux.
So the brawl happens, the crazy night of March 26, maybe it is.
And so, you know, that's the game that, that he turtles, right.
And they, and he gets, he gets the shit kicked out of him, but we,
when he ended up squaring off with McCarty, that was a tilt.
And he did a, like, he finally, like,
he was going to answer the bell after all this. And it was a,
it was a great fight.
I think that would be a great topic for us
to maybe even have like a snake draft or mount rushmore of players that you hated their guts
but would love them on your team because we know it's all about winning he would be definitely on
mount rushmore because he was able to win with it and he was also a con smite winner with
the devils he won one of them i think he might have been twice because
he definitely was with the devils i i don't know if he's got two cons mice i'm gonna log off you
guys can finish the rest of this thing because i know he had he had three cups with three different
teams i know that because he was right so who else would you guys put in that uh in that mount
rushmore of of like most hated but won them on your team?
I mean, I know he was fucking awesome.
Pat Fabik was just hated.
He just scored.
It was one consmite biz, but four cups.
That's what it was.
He won four cups and one consmite for Claude Lemieux.
Also, with the story about, I won't say it here because it's so funny
to listen to Patrick Watt getting hit by the rats in florida and he's like you don't want the rat you don't
give up the goal and then he tells the story with his french accent as funniest part of the
documentary i thought you haven't seen it all right i like the part where mccarty when he scored
the game-winning goal he said uh shannon they are interviewing shanahan and right when he got over
the red line the whole team was yelling dump it in it in, dump it in, dump it in.
And then he pulled off that sick goal.
And I actually forgot how nasty that game winner was.
Yanni Ninema.
Yeah.
Yeah.
They're like, what's he doing?
What's he doing?
Then he ends up scoring that nasty goal.
So yeah, if you haven't seen it down here in the States,
I know it's on the ESPN app, go under originals.
You can watch it there.
And I know it dropped last night in Canada on TSN.
I'm sure it's probably streaming up there as well.
But a fantastic hockey dog.
And by the way, I thought they cut it right down the middle.
Like, I didn't think they favored one side.
But Colorado fans, man, you guys just won a Stanley Cup.
And a lot of them are crying.
Like, oh, it was Detroit Center.
I shot it off.
I think it was a little more Detroit Center.
But Detroit won two more Cups?
There was more things happened there.
It wasn't like they made it for Detroit.
I don't know.
The one part at the end, it was so hard to see the real backstory
of Vladimir Konstantinov and the team masseuse.
You just, I mean, he was so good, too.
Holy shit.
That guy was so young.
And I don't know, maybe just getting older and like, you don't realize that guy won a Stanley Cup.
They did the right thing.
They got a limo.
And it was this fucking guy, this rat who had a long record.
And it's just a horrible, horrible story.
And, you know, you don't just you don't you don't realize that the brain injury that they
talk about that he suffered so just a really tough time and they even interviewed Joe Sackick who
they won he just said nothing even matters at all about hockey at that point it's just a tough thing
to see I think anybody who's going to end up watching it probably is not listening to most
of this now I'm okay with the spoilers now you said that the limo driver was just at what he
just was he drinking and driving yeah he didn't have a license he had all kinds of violations uh and he basically
shouldn't have been anywhere near behind the fucking wheel of any vehicle and he wasn't
he fucking crashed into a tree and you know that's how it fucking happened yeah yeah five
five days after they all played golf they all had videos and. And it was weird. It was like eerie. They had videos of them on the course.
The afternoon, it happened that evening.
And boom, dude.
And Fedorov talks about he goes over to Eisenman.
And I think whoever's telling the story said his face just looked like so in shock.
And he handed Eisenman the phone.
And they told him.
It was just tough.
Tough to watch.
Very emotional aspect of it.
But certainly, you definitely want to check it out. It's definitely a top 10 hockey doc no doubt so well thanks for
the breakdown boys i was uh you know it was i'm gonna check it out 100 yeah even if you listen
to that you'll still enjoy it there's way more that they go into absolutely yeah there's so much
detail there you won't miss anything uh actually big night in the nhl tonight boys the nhl draft
is tonight and Friday in Montreal.
And the Habs, of course, have the number one pick.
Then it goes New Jersey, Arizona, Seattle, Philly, Columbus, Ottawa,
Detroit, Buffalo, Anaheim to round out the top 10.
The Habs have 14 picks, including two in the first round,
two in the second round, three in the third round,
and three in the fourth round.
GM Ken Hughes said all possibilities are open,
though trading the number one pick is unlikely. They could trade that second pick they have in the fourth round. GM Kent Hughes said all possibilities are open, though trading the number one pick is unlikely.
They could trade that second pick they have in the first round.
The Habs will choose between Shane Wright, Logan Cooley,
and Jerez Slavkovsky.
I hope I said that name right.
So I know the draft, we're not the biggest prospect experts here,
but you got any expectations, Biz Merle, going into this weekend?
We've got to get Bobby Margarita on here to give us the breakdown he's hammering margaritas he's does he still do
the draft is that the one of the things he held on to not full retirement does that in world juniors
and other than that he's up at the cottage enjoying his life uh yeah i i from from what i
keep hearing the internet's telling me that shane Shane Wright's still going to be number one.
I shot a text message to Luca Caputi, a guy I played with, the one who told everyone in the world that I used to sell Abercrombie out of my trunk.
Thanks for coming on, Luca.
He says he'd be shocked if he wasn't number one.
So I would imagine he's been getting tons of phone calls to get the backstory on what this special kid could provide.
So I think it would be a no-brainer.
If you're Montreal Canadiens, you've got to draft a Canadian kid available.
But the two other guys behind him are not far behind.
I think people have  some of them might even have the other kids ahead of Shane Wright.
But when you're the first overall projected player for that long,
I think you pretty much have to do something catastrophic to lose that position.
So all eyes on him.
And who are the other two guys again, the big names behind them?
Logan Cooley is a kid who actually, I mean, a lot of it has to do with Crosby
and him becoming a Pittsburgh Penguin.
And this kid's so young from Pittsburgh,
probably the best prospect the city of Pittsburgh's ever had.
Take away Bugsy because we're not talking about off the ice, too.
But this kid is going to be a player.
They're saying he's top three.
And then the other dude who's from Slovakia, Merles, can you say his name correctly?
Because I'll mess it up.
Yuri Slovakski.
Is he from Bratislava?
He lit up the Olympics.
He lit up something else.
World Championships.
He played in the Finnish Adult League last year.
He still looks young.
If you look at these prospects, he still looks young.
The other guy already looks like he's fully developed.
I just see a lot more upside with these other guys.
And I actually heard another rumor of another USA kid that might be moving
up. Can't remember his name now, but he's friends with the Hughes boys too.
So watch out for the devils.
They might not jump on the Slovak and stick with the U S development program
and keep.
I like that.
I wouldn't be shocked if the devils trade that pick. If,
if Slavkovsky is not there,
that's what I've been hearing what's what the internet's been saying.
I called a guy whose brother's the equipment manager for the Devils
trying to get the inside of what name they printed up,
and he didn't have anything for me.
They print out a bunch of them.
Nowadays, they just got the Velcro,
but I was trying everything for the rumor boys.
Well, whatever happens this weekend, we'll certainly update you next week,
and I'm sure there'll be a couple of trades,
a couple of big things going on.
Yeah, I can't wait to talk about kids we don't know anything about.
It's going to be a blast.
Tune in next week, guys.
Yeah, good luck to everybody.
There's also another prospect I heard about, but I don't know his name, Merle.
We got some weird, shitty fucking news because it's Russia-related.
Take this with grain or grains of salt because the report's coming in.
They're pretty unreliable coming from russian sources but uh they apparently arrested flyers
goalie prospect uh ivan fedotov uh they claimed he was evading military service breaking his uh
cisco contract by signing with philly uh he won the uh gagarin cup last year he was on the national
team that won silver uh then there were unconfirmed reports he was in a hospital he had been given
some sort of needle.
Lots of outlets reported a bunch of different things.
Well, apparently they sent him up to some military training facility up north on an island in the Arctic.
And this Slava Malamud, he used to live in Russia.
I don't know if he's still a hockey fan here.
He's well-versed in a lot of what goes on in Russia, a lot of the shittier aspects, very critical about them.
well-versed in a lot of what goes on in Russia,
a lot of the shittier aspects, very critical about them. He said, basically,
it was arranged by the Cisco owner, Igor
Sitchin, who's Putin's close
friend, as retaliation for wanting to leave
the KHL.
I read the article. It said, Russians deemed
insufficiently patriotic are being
snatched up by security forces
as the Kremlin tightens the noose.
The New York Times, there was a quote there. It said,
I won't be surprised if they put him on some submarine
and send him out to sea.
He won't go anywhere after that.
This whole thing stinks to high heaven.
It has to make NHL teams scared shitless because this Putin's a fucking maniac.
He's a dictator, a bully that is going unchecked.
The globe's not doing anything to this guy, and now he's fucking with the NHL.
He's fucking with these guys.
I don't know what the problem is.
This problem didn't exist before, but exists now it exists now why is that uh there were 57 russians in the league last year i don't know if they're all going to be back this
year then today there was an unconfirmed report that karel kaprizov immediately returned to the
u.s because he allegedly had his name linked to phony military ids being sold to players and now
he's wanted at russia uh but michaelso, the wild, terrific beat reporter for The Athletic,
tweeted that he's not in the U.S.
and that he's working on this very complicated story.
And again, these are scary times for Russian players.
Anybody do anything with Russia, it's scary times, they say.
And we don't know what's going on.
We can't confirm anything because there are so many unconfirmed news sources
out there, but it's fucked up right now, man.
What do you got for us on this?
Could you imagine all of it, and then on top of that,
being put in a submarine, sent out to sea,
and then having to live in a fucking submarine for however long?
What have I said about this country, dude?
It's a fucking joke.
That poor kid, isn't there pictures of him with a flyer's hat on,
signing an nhl contract
like and and all god knows where he is now and it's just brutal the kaprizov thing's nuts i i
mean honestly people have their families there and it's really hard for me to say like when it
comes to family but i'm surprised any of them went back there this summer it's like there's
they're at war the guy's a lunatic i didn't even
know i knew about um for golfers uh south koreans unless you win like a gold medal or a major
championship you even if you're in the pga tour you're gonna go back you're gonna serve your time
in the military i didn't know russia had that because i there's i mean when did when did when
did ovechkin do it like he was never on cs, was he? It's just weird that they could just make up rules.
I don't know what the deal is, Murr.
I'll tell you what the real deal is.
Three or four episodes ago, I told everybody that Fedotov was coming to take Kata Haas' job.
And it happened his agent was right across the table from me and wasn't having it.
So he must have put a call in and he said hey
he's not coming over here and stealing my client's job but um yeah i guess it's really wild they did
something years ago they paid off somebody to get him a fake military pass and and now it's probably
all coming to light because there actually is a war there hasn't been war in so long so maybe
they're actually looking through the stuff but Yeah, I think it's just political pawn bullshit.
The wilder thing is guys are signing into KHL now.
Their guys are signing going back over there for this season.
US and Canadian guys are?
Yeah, that's wild.
Yeah, you need to make money.
Fuck, I would not be.
My flight back to Moscow right now would be, talk about needing like a Xanax or something.
Holy shit.
They're starting up soon.
I had over July 1st when I played.
So there's some guys in there now.
It's so weird to be there.
It was Pasha making those fake IDs for him too.
I don't know if you heard.
I got a buddy, our videographer.
Have we talked about him sneaking in and everything?
He went to the Bond premiere in London, England.
Just took the flight, printed out the fake passes, got them laminated in.
Snuck into Coachella.
Snuck into, I think, oh, he snuck into game like five of the NBA finals one year that were in Toronto.
Anyway, or maybe it was game four.
God bless him.
Oh, fuck.
Yeah, yeah.
You kind of, he was doing what you were were doing but he was doing what the passes are you're the og yeah you don't tell everybody
about it you gotta keep it a secret man he snuck into like you fucking talked about it on the
podcast when he was in new york here he snuck into a private luxury cold play show and had like 200
people oh yeah it was like famous people only.
I was in NYC with my buddy Cal.
Dude, the guy fell on center ice at the NHL All-Star game in the middle of the game.
That's the only thing that should be talked about.
He came out of the penalty box and fell.
All the time.
All right.
Well, anyways, hopefully the Russian players can can get back i know a few gms
that ask guys if you're going home like billy garrett said i can't tell them they can't go
home it's their home you know what you might not want them to you don't think it's the best idea
but you know they're grown men and that's where they live so hopefully um i don't know this
fucking idiot gets out of there at some point and people can or dies yeah yeah that was the
euphemism as i was going for but now you'll have the guy you had not me uh we want to say congrats out to the saint john c dogs they won the memorial cup of a 6-3 win
over hamilton murals were you able to see any of this as our uh junior correspondent no but i made
a little dough on it some guy slid into my dms on instagram murals ebr on instagram and he said
this place is packed 7,000 people.
It's packed.
I'm like,
we have,
but they didn't really finish very high in the standings goes.
Yeah.
They brought in a whole new team.
The last few weeks of the season,
I guess just loaded up.
The place was bonkers and it was a plus one Oh five cash.
Easy,
easy money.
Good stuff.
Good stuff.
All right.
That home junior crowd,
that home junior crowd can take you a long way.
Well, gang, Sling lets you stream on-demand movies,
live TV shows, and live sports instantly on your favorite devices.
What you want, where you want.
I'm a big Sling guy because I'm always out running around doing this
and doing that, and I can watch anywhere at my convenience,
and you cannot beat that.
Because with Sling TV, you get to choose the television option that's
right for you including channel add-ons premium add-ons dvr plus and more and right now you can
get all of that for half the price during your first month so less than 18 which is lower than
any other streaming service right now whatever you're into sling is where you can find all the
tv and sports you love all in one place so go to sling.com
slash barstool to sign up now
and try it for half the price during your first
month once again that's sling.com
slash barstool
give it a whirl I got a hot take
I think it's a fucking joke that the mem cup
has a host city in it who gets beat out
in the second round that gets to compete for the
top prize I think it's a joke
yeah but what are you going to do there's three like what are you gonna do there's how do you get so so with that
other team it makes it four teams i think they should do a three team round oh just oh just
completely get rid of the fourth team okay yeah it's like and and on top of that and this happens
more in the queue and i think that they've done a good job to improve the rules but every year the
team that's hosting it,
they just end up stacking up. And then the year after that,
all the picks and players end up going back with more guys to the team that
they came from in order for them to ball stop so they could try to win it.
So you're telling me that they had a completely different roster throughout
the course of the full season or towards the end of the season,
they ended up bolstering up the lineup.
A guy on the internet told me that like the last two two or three weeks so it had to be true i put my money
on it it worked out they crushed him i think i mean you were putting your money on it if it was
a bot sending you that it did that uh speaking yeah exactly yeah that's where i'm getting all my hockey news from fucking bots
most professional hockey podcast on the market folks but it's a joke make the you win your
league compete for the top prize enough for this fucking ribbon bullshit okay great um i don't know
if you guys saw the hot dog eating contest here with joey chestnut man joey chestnut on one leg
i don't he tore something He had no time for protesters.
That dude got up, pushed him out of the way
with a Darth Vader helmet on.
I legit thought he snapped his neck
like Darth Vader would have done.
Just tossed him right off the stage,
resumed eating his hot dogs
and defended his title once again.
And still won.
And shout out to Barstool Sportsbook.
They gave all the overbetters their money back
because that's a tough beat.
I mean, to still get the W, he's that dominant,
and he had to choke a guy out in the middle of eating hot dogs
that he's dipping in water.
So hats off to the guy.
One of the true great, I would say, athletes right now.
On a run in terms of dominance, he's top of the chart.
He had a bad wheel too.
Yeah, he hurt his leg. He was playing of the chart. He's had a bad wheel too. Yeah. He had a better,
it hurt his leg.
He's playing,
playing on one leg.
Yeah.
He's,
he's,
he's in the tiger woods conversation.
He's in the Jordan conversation.
He's in the conversation.
Um,
so I saw a clip of the year that big cap competed.
Was there also a protester that same year,
but it was a PETA lady that squirted red ink on them as yeah it's like
all of a big cat yeah she does big cat with her fake blood he was just he looked stunned he didn't
he didn't break anybody's neck like chestnut did but security come over and got the goofball out
of there but yeah it was pretty of a viral moment you might so this is a common thing at the hot
dog eating contest where people come to protest it's like people uh super going themselves to fucking nba
for us because they chickens are getting tied up in coops or some bullshit people are fucking
weirdos man uh what did you catch any of the john deere this weekend the golf i know it's
lower no no no i really i really did not catch much golf this weekend who who got the oh that
kid jt post postman one i think yeah Postman. Yeah, he led the whole way.
I did see the scores at night.
He led after every round, wire to wire winner.
Any upcoming tournaments for you, Whit?
Yeah, got the State Am Monday, Tuesday,
qualified at, of course, Cape Cod Country Club
a couple of weeks ago.
It's at Concord Country Club.
Stroke play Monday, stroke play Tuesday.
This is my third.
I'm three from my last three.
Last year, I was injured.
I couldn't try to qualify.
So first year, didn't even sniff match play.
Second year, think I missed match play by four shots.
Missed last year, and then this year, looking to get in a match play.
Just to basically enjoy my golf.
That's what I'm doing now.
I'm doing now.
I'm out there.
I'm having a blast.
I play shitty.
I don't even care anymore.
I don't care at all.
So I've just really loosened up, and it's helped me.
Were you able to check out Riggs' Cottage down at Pinehurst,
the place he did over?
That's unbelievable, though, that he has that place.
You can see houses at Pinehurst No. 2, definitely along the second, maybe second, third,
third, fourth holes.
There's all these houses.
Now he's got one.
So he's looking to rent it out, I believe. Hey, speaking of foreplay, they're in Scotland right now.
What do you think of that?
I love this shit.
So the Open is, after the Masters, I probably enjoy the Open the best,
the British Open.
Some people say you're not supposed to call it that.
Whatever. It's the British Open. Some people say you're not supposed to call it that. Whatever, it's the British Open.
So before that, now they have the Scottish Open,
and all these nasty players, 14 of the top 15 players
are playing in the Scottish Open.
So it's two weekends in a row of watching Lynx golf,
which just, if you golf and you go over and you get the chance to play in Europe,
Ireland, England, Scotland, it's more fun.
I don't know, it's just the vibe, the, Scotland, it's more fun. I don't know.
It's just the vibe, the feeling.
The courses are so old.
You can putt from 100 yards out if you want.
It's just sick time.
I enjoy watching it too.
I don't know who to pick.
Tiger's playing in the open, but I don't think he'll win.
I could listen to those Scottish caddies all day.
The guy, Frankie, had a little Instagram story. Just the burr they have, the way they talk,
they seem like some characters out there.
Well, they mentioned him about the butter knives.
Oh, yeah, yeah, the announcer was talking about him.
Yeah, they're foreplay's crushing it, and who knows,
maybe down the pipeline we got some stuff against them head-to-head,
but we'll see for now.
We'll let them keep doing their thing and growing the game of golf.
I played with frankie and and
old bars to employee francis ellis i don't know if i said this in the part francis took us to bayonne
sick course and frankie was hitting flop shots he doesn't do that anymore he's like i think he's
like fixed so the announcer knew the old frankie barelli butter knives nowadays i think he's nipping
chips playing nice yeah they're working on their game i
mean fuck they travel on golf enough and on top of that yeah no shit on top of that i think riggs
purchased his first ever home and it's on one of the fairways at pinehurst come on come on
hey at least like no you're messing you. Did he? Seriously? No way.
Am I an idiot?
Was I duped?
I think he may have been up when we brought it up.
I think he got up to take a leak.
Oh, I thought he was sitting there.
I didn't know that. Oh, boy.
I just wanted to take a leak.
Everybody listening is like, this guy is a full-blown moron.
Yes, I know that.
But hey, and speaking of golf though, boys,
I'm a little bit late for our tea time here.
You guys might have a little bit more.
I think I've deserved a little golf time.
No, absolutely.
I think we could wrap.
I don't think there's any other great job, bro.
Hey, Hey, I had my guy Colt Colton Sissons, seven years,
seven years, 2.7 a year, 2.8.
Keep the change.
What would you have done for a seven year, 2.8 a year?
I would have. Yeah. I probably would have let the gm crush my old lady maybe even throw my mom in the mix
sister if he's named paul oh fuck you you fuck it all right hey i love you guys hit him straight i
love this get out there everyone thanks for, Oak Bay resident, we'll see you guys soon.
All of you people in Oak Bay, come here to terrorize your town.
This is an insider.
Have a great one, everyone.
As always, we'd like to thank our terrific sponsors here on Spit and Chicklet.
So huge thanks to our longtime friends at Pink Whitney and New Amsterdam Vodka.
Big thanks to our friends over at Chedi Rays.
They keep us looking good.
Big thanks to our friends at Labatt Blue.
They're keeping us refreshed all summer.
Huge thanks to our friends at Peter Malaf for making us look good in the course.
Big thanks to our friends over at Skrill for that digital wallet.
We all need that these days and a big thanks to our friends at sling TV.
Check them out.
If you're looking for a new TV service,
have a fantastic week,
everybody.
