Hey, Spittin' Chicklets listeners, you can find every episode on Apple Podcasts,
Spotify, or YouTube. Prime members can listen ad-free on Amazon Music.
Hello everybody, welcome to episode 397 of Spittin' Chicklets, presented by Pink Whitney from our friends at New Amsterdam Vodka here in the Barstool Sports Podcast family.
What's going on everybody? Free agency is going to be here soon.
Lots of signings, lots of trades, whole bunch of shit going on.
We're going to get to that shortly, but of course, we like to say hi to the fellas first.
We'll go to our producer, Mikey Grinelli first.
What's going on, my friend?
Nothing really.
Been struggling a bit lately.
I have nothing to do in my free time.
I need a hobby.
I'm such a loser.
I don't even, I don't like to watch TV.
So, you know, I was thinking of starting instrument lessons or something like that.
So I've been
struggling a bit but i'm trying to find a hobby so if you guys have any suggestions i'm open to
anything what kind of play golf i was thinking piano ra i used to take piano lessons when i was
a kid so i think i got like piano hands i got like the weirdest fucking hands in the world
so i was thinking of doing piano there you go little chopsticks going on yeah golf's too expensive what do you think piano lessons cost from someone
good 100 bucks an hour well you can just pay the woman in in meatballs remember in uh wedding
singer when she just pays adam's adam sandler and meatballs put out your hand i'll give you
some meatballs great movie if anyone's never seen it i I don't know. That's the only thing I know about the price of piano lessons.
We'll see what happens, Dale.
Paul, Biz Nasty, Biznet, coming to us from the West Coast once again.
How are we feeling there, buddy?
Boys, I'm licking my wounds.
What a weekend.
My buddy, Justin York, and his beautiful wife, Jackie,
got married in Qualicum Beach, which is on Vancouver Island.
It's about two and a half hours north of Victoria.
So we all made the drive up.
Some people came over from the mainland.
Beautiful ceremony right on their beach, right in front of their place.
Probably the most I've ever cried at a wedding.
It was very emotional.
Wow.
Yeah.
Could have been the 60 drinks I crushed beforehand that caused that uh but you
know this friend group they know how to party so this is the most hurting i've ever been for
for a pod two-day hangover but excited to talk about free agency talk about the draft talk about
the matching suits on the coyotes going up looks like they were in the fucking uh groomsman party
for crying out loud
with those matching suits but uh a great weekend congratulations to my friend and great seeing
everybody uh from the west coast that i hang out with how was the best man speech that's always
and and the maid of honor speech i'm always into those both unbelievable uh the maid of honor one
was yeah she was great she was great yeah a lot of laugh i would say
every single speech was 10 out of 10 and it went by and they broke them up perfectly they didn't
drag on too long um as far as the the best man speech it was actually double-headed by my buddy
jeff who helps us out with the pod jeff jacobson and uh sk so all in all 10 out of 10 and their their uncle who owns an airplane hangar on the
by Qualicum Beach they had shuttles take us over so that's where like the after hours was and that
ended up going to about 3 30 in the morning our friend our friend who's a DJ DJ the whole thing
yeah buddy it just got completely rowdy no wonder the parents didn't want the after hour
situation going on underneath
the tent outside of their place on qualico beach so we we pushed the limits and uh like i said we
were really licking our loons uh our wounds on sunday our fucking loons jesus christ like uh
oh hey dad can we have the after house at your house he's like is paul bassinet coming yeah nope
no i'm not even i'm not even the bad one from our group.
We have some crazy animals in the gang.
I didn't mean to basically dog women and their speeches for maid of honor.
No, you did.
No, you did.
For the most part, I think even many girls and women out there may agree that for some reason, I don't know, at weddings,
the native honor speech can be a little bit painful.
It's a little awkward usually.
And usually it's like, remember the time that I braided your hair?
It's like, all right, come on.
And you were puking and I held it.
Remember the time we were scissoring and oops.
Oh shit. Sorry. Yeah. Remember how hard.
I told you guys, I told you guys at my sister's wedding, one of the,
the, what do you call them? Braids of our maids of honor uh bridesmaids bridesmaids grades of honor
guys i know there's gonna be about 26 businessms in this one because my brain is not clicking
no but all the girls are named paulina yeah
because she only smashes pauls you're an idiot that's my favorite thing is that
your sister just loves pauls loves pauls uh this this one got so pickled she ended up getting on
the mic four times and my aunt had to finally go hey oh done oh really she got the hook you got
yeah yeah i told everybody at the wedding that we we'd ran
out of hard liquor so they had to switch over to beer thanks to the one who kept popping on the
mic and then she tried walking back up and then once again my aunt come in with the clothes like
nah nah nah it was but hey when somebody gets fucked up and then they end up hitting up the
mic too much at the end of the day it's just pure entertainment so it's at their expense but nonetheless a very entertaining wedding uh so
moving on to that ra you got to tee up wit because wit had a very uh interesting day on the golf
course no pun intended tee up wit of course the last but not least ryan the wit dog whitney i
notice a different background behind you i believe you're still local give us the update on what
you're doing now and what you did in the weekend. It was a wonderful past week. I mentioned we were over
in Nantucket, a lot of family over there. It's just a great time, such a special place. And,
and, you know, we rent out the house we have for the whole summer, except for the end of August.
But this year we kept the 4th of July week has never been over there. It was a blast. It was
just a really good time. Weather was amazing. It was so fun to be over there and experience that and and that was great and then you know
it was exciting for me because um I had mentioned I qualified for the mass am and and the first round
was today so um I've been playing pretty good I was talking about how much fun I've been having
playing golf and I'll just quickly I'll quickly take you through my day uh right right now and
I'll on the weekend we had the qualifying for uh Wollaston Golf Club one of the places I play
at the club championships I qualified Saturday uh top eight get into match play and won my match
Sunday and started hitting it pretty poor at the end of the Saturday round but like got into match
play and then won my match but didn't play great it was a pillow fight between me and and the kid i played against looks exactly like john rom shout out jack davis i call him rombo
um so i was you know i was confident in the past few weeks and then yesterday like holy
shit like i'm hitting driver like shit and just like oh whatever though big first round today so
i get there today i'm gonna take you through this goddamn round of golf very quick. First hole. Just, just bear with me guys. I hit a drive in the rough. It's a short
par five, have to lay up nice little eight iron in dead chunk, make bogey. Next hole hit driver
about a hundred yards, right? Find it. Luckily don't know how pitch out, hit it long, make an
amazing up and down for another bogey two over next hole hit a drive i'm not kidding you
200 yards right of the fairway hits a tree somehow we have three minutes to find the ball with 10
seconds left this kid's like hey here's your ball i'm like holy shit punch it out hit it on make a
putt for par punch it out then hit it on make a puff problem all right great next hole bogey
standard three putt three over
through four next hole hit another horrible drive hits a tree goes in the bunker hit it to an inch
birdie okay two over next hole another bogey standard horrible swing uh next hole ridiculous
up and down par still three over par through seven get to eight standard par actually a decent
hole par ninth nice little shot and didn't make the birdie
putt par three over through nine no worries but i'm hitting it like shit get to 10 hit a three
iron down the fairway have 100 yards hit that shot about 50 yards dead chunk uh chipped it on
missed the putt another bogey next hole hit a nice drive dead dead center down the fairway got 120 yards in i chunk it again
not 50 yards probably 80 yards uh chip it on missed the putt another bogey next hole par actually a
decent shot so now i'm five over through 10 11 12 get to 13 hit a great shot right just goes into
the rough i got 115 yards skull fuck it over the green so now i've hit chunks
chunks sideways now it's a skull fuck uh chip that one the greens are rolling so fast chip that one
rolls off the green against the collar chip that one uh to about eight feet miss it double
so now i'm seven over uh next hole 14 i hit a horrific drive just terrible it's in a bunker
chunk it out of the bunker from 150 um then chip it on don't even get it on actually chip it short
have a par putt hits the pin doesn't go in so what is that now eight over get to the next hole par three 215 yards hit it about 40 yards right into a
into the woods somehow is in play uh that was basically a shank actually chipped it on missed
the putt so now i'm nine over i get to 16 actually hit a good drive this sounds like a biz round
buddy buddy dude dude i get to 16 actually hit a good drive i Sounds like a biz round. Buddy, buddy, dude, dude. Get to 16. Actually hit a good drive.
I have 190 yards in.
Blow that one 20 yards right.
It goes in a bunker somehow.
I also was like, it was like 30 yards short and 20 yards right.
Goes in the bunker.
Barely get it out of the bunker.
Stays in the rough.
Chipped that one onto 10 feet.
Missed that one.
That's a double.
Now 11 over. I get to the 17th hole which is a par 5 hit by far and away the best drive that i've probably hit in like four days it runs down i think the hole is like 520 i had i had 210
yards in it rolled and rolled and rolls downhill downwind. I'm like, nice. All right, let's make a birdie. Hit it on two putt and I'll get a birdie.
I'll get 10 over.
Dead shank.
Dead shank into the woods.
So two, it was actually a pond.
So two and three out.
I'm hitting my fourth.
I hit it on the green.
I three putt that one.
That's a double.
I'm now 13 over.
And I get to 18, hit one down the middle perfect
nice number 140 to the pin chunk it into the bunker uh leave it in the bunker now i'm hitting
my fourth shot hit the fourth shot on make the putt so that that adds up to uh 14 over par 84
uh i think i would say of 150 competitors i'm probably in 140th right now
um golf's a fucking joke it's an absolute joke uh i don't even know what to say i do have the
second round tomorrow zero chance of getting in matthew i i i'd like to think i can beat 84
tomorrow um but at this point it's just like holy shit holy shit. Like, can't hit driver. Can't even hit a wedge.
If I have a long iron, I might as well kick it.
I'll get it closer to the green.
Your boy's down.
Your boy's down bad.
So then I bombed home.
Couldn't even really stay around after.
By the way, Choteau Conquer Country Club.
Place is amazing.
Beautiful course.
Hard course.
Not as hard as I made it look, but hard.
A lot of woods.
Oh, woods and water and fucking shit I mean
I'm telling you I didn't hit one I didn't hit one ball center of the club face maybe the drive on
17 fall by a shank I then uh drove home got home internet broken so I shot over to my in-laws um
now in the basement of my in-laws and we're recording the pod so it's been a hell of a day
it's been a hell of a day but what are you a hell of a day, but what are you going to do? This sport's so stupid.
And that's really what I have to say.
Could I recommend piano lessons?
Listen, I don't have piano hands.
Like really though.
I might try to play golf lefty.
I'm literally thinking of going to lefty,
how I hit a baseball, how I hit a hockey puck
and just starting over.
I'd probably be like a 25 handicap.
And I think that's where the next play should be.
So I don't really know what to say about it.
I think it's fascinating how you're able to remember all your shots.
Well, this just happened.
I mean, this is the worst.
It doesn't matter.
You do it five days later.
Yeah, this is the worst round of golf.
Yeah, maybe three, four four years i don't know
like since i became like somewhat decent my thing is in golf my bad is so fucking bad that like
you're good your bad has to be like good like that's what good golfers are when they don't
have their stuff they still get in the hole and and i'm lost jets it's an ugly it's an ugly
situation but it's a lonely feeling but but this is  I'm sorry, one more thing.
All right.
No, no, no, no, because this is actually important.
He's actually going to go over his round from the day before.
No, no, no, no.
This actually isn't a joke.
It's a heartfelt thing.
Kind of a tragic thing happened.
This kid that I've gotten to know a little bit,
his father's actually a member at Old Sandwich when I play.
He passed away this weekend.
A horrible thing.
There's actually a memorable sandwich when I play.
He passed away this weekend, a horrible thing at Charles River Country Club.
Rick Willett, a really good guy.
And his son Connor's in the tournament.
He played today, which was I can't imagine how hard it was.
His family was out there with him and a lot of his friends were following him. And he shot one under 69 and he was right behind me.
And just to see that, I mean, talk about like just putting things in perspective.
And my heart goes out to that family.
Just a horrible thing.
And I'm rooting for the kid Connor now.
Just I was going to bring up another awful thing where you were down in Nantucket.
There was a big fire down there this weekend at the Veranda Hotel.
It just happened.
Yeah, I wasn't there anymore, but I saw that.
Huge fire.
Oh, my God.
Well-known hotel.
And shout out to Nantucket Fire Department, all the other fire departments who came over from the mainland
or Cape Cod to help with these guys.
I mean, obviously, I've said a million times, my dad was a fireman.
I have an affinity for these guys, a firefighter.
But then they found out that it most likely happened.
And this fucking drives me crazy.
Like, grind my gears.
This is just common sense.
Like, careless disposal of smoking materials.
That's how this fucking fire started, which drives me crazy me crazy because like it's not in the trash area so someone must have dumped an
ashtray out into trash and that shit smolders if you don't pour water on it put it out so this
thing started a fire now it nearly killed people the people had to go out the window there was one
couple they they just flew up from georgia lost everything they can only get out in their pajamas
and their cell phone and they they had to fly home they had nothing left and just the the danger that they put the firefighters and all these people
like it's over fucking just put your fucking cigarettes or whatever you're smoking out i
i don't smoke butts i smoke what i smoke i make sure it's out whether whether device i'm using
it's whatever it's out you know what i mean it's fucking you just it's such a careless thing
that you can kill people and put people's lives in jeopardy man so it just drives me fucking bonkers when when i hear that fire start because of careless
like cigarette disposal whatever man but anyways i'm glad everybody was safe i know a couple people
got hurt but everybody is was you know no life-threatening injuries are just an awful
fucking thing so let's segue into something a little more cheerful yeah he's gonna well in a
sec but biz man he's gonna be touring canada with that five times distilled vodka infused with the Yeah, the draft. some of that fine pink waiting this summer and paul you are on a plane again right now when you're leaving tomorrow the day after where you going next let the people know it's coming out uh on
tuesday so i'll be leaving tuesday at 11 a.m heading over to toronto the first pink whitney
tour appearance will be at lake house on wednesday and then near my hometown in saint catherine's
ontario at the mansion nice i think it's called the mansion house. So we got the lake house,
mansion house,
a lot of houses.
And then next podcast,
um,
we will be mentioning all the Western dates.
I will be starting in Winnipeg.
We've mentioned that Brandon and Winnipeg and working our way West.
So look out for those dates next week.
So thank you to pink Whitney,
the 2022 pink Whitney tour begins Wednesday and Tio in to baby nice hopefully you'll be recovered by
then a little hair the parents and then i'm actually going to bring uh my my sister's kids
who are twins have never been to a jay's game so we got the whole setup when that when that roof
opens it looks so sick in there yeah the school i call it the sky dome so everyone tries to correct
me but it'll always that is the
sky dome forever the sky dome baby number one at first open and like the hotel rooms were like
looking on the field so they had to put signs that's where i'm staying with my family to tell
people to stop smashing with their drapes open because people could see them during the game
yeah yeah yeah that's true grapes especially with the business there they love no
this is that business hopping from room to room. Oh, fuck off.
But I could forge that.
And guys, we're, we're just over a week away from Chicklets Cup.
So we will be in Buffalo in no time.
We're not going to say who the guests are.
We will be doing a sandbagger next Wednesday to start things off on our
Buffalo trip.
So a lot to jam pack into that awesome week.
And Terry Ryan and crew will be coming in from Newfoundland and we're going to
have a fucking riot. So everybody who's who's coming, make sure you're there.
Even if you're in town folks on the Friday,
we have something at the river works where everybody is invited and Grinnelly.
Do you want to give them a little bit more details?
Maybe when that's going to start and who the musicians are we have Boston Levy Boston Levi is uh he'll be performing first
and then we have Dante the Don who's performing after that Dante plays the hits he knows what
he's doing it's he's he's the best DJ in the league so uh but guys I have a little breaking
news here I uh I want to bring across the table um break this is from darren dreger uh breaking
news uh sources say evgeny malkin has decided to go to the open market on wednesday wow malkin
has never been a free agent before and wants to see what his options are yeah i can't oh my god
to think of him in any other jersey wow and and now there were rumors Sid had flown down to Florida
to talk to him I believe as you heard that the the negotiations were kind of falling apart and
in a bad spot and and you know Chris Letang got the new deal it'll be a penguin for life it looks
like but holy shit and I think people saw this at least I saw this kind of coming but
want to bet on somebody to have a monster season?
I think wherever that guy ends up, you're going to see a pissed off and motivated Evgeny Malkin.
And I know there's been injuries and he gets a little older, but the people of Pittsburgh, what a shocking, shocking turn of events.
Just the end of an era with those three.
Well, I mean, I guess I don't know.
He could resign there. do you resign there he could
resign there excuse me all right you're right it's not like he was going to get the eight years
anyway because i think those guys are and that's the thing they gave letang the six-year deal that
brought his aav down now i would imagine that he plans on playing the full six years i think that
he's still got a lot of hockey left in him maybe more so Malkin might want a
shorter term deal but not want the AAV down I don't know exactly what he wants man but given
with what that organization's done with all of them and the fact that you know Sid's on a pretty
friendly deal for what he still provides and obviously Letang for what he's done I think that
that's a bargain um I I was expecting him to stay I thought that they were going going to rekindle it and it was going to work out.
And as you said, though,
it's not for sure that he's going to move on.
Maybe he just wants to find out
what the open market can provide him
to use it as leverage to go back to Pittsburgh
and say, hey, this is what other people
are willing to give me.
But I mean, guys, given with what other teams
would probably desperately pay him,
and we've made comments about new york
rangers maybe trying to get patrick kane to come over well that'll be sticking right in their eye
you'd be you'd be paying them less if of course if chicago doesn't retain salary
and you don't got to give up any assets for him so wow it's it's bias but it's recency bias but i
mean it's one thing seeing yarmir, Jagr, and Rangers,
and granted, he'd been with the Capitals in between.
But to see Evgeny Malkin, I mean, we're just totally rumor boy in it right now.
Who knows if the Rangers want him or could afford him,
but Panarin there, another Russian, just crazy news.
And I think with what Malkin did in Pittsburgh, I mean,
it's just surprising that they couldn't figure something out.
I guess it is a good point that he could go back and sign there,
but how often does a guy who's coming up on UFA decide to test the market
and then go back to the team, right?
I mean, I guess when did Landis Fogg sign?
Was it during the first day of free agency or was it a little beforehand?
I can't remember.
I think they ended up locking in him beforehand because he did get the eight years.
So Malkin to fly is confirmed.
Oh, my goodness.
A lot of people online right now are saying the Washington Capitals.
That'd be interesting.
Yeah, anyone in the Patrick division.
Oh, my God.
Every team we just mentioned,
it would just break Pittsburgh Penguins' hearts.
Now, I know that he loves florida
and he spends a lot of time there i want to say gaunch has a place there as well and they're on
the rise and they need to make a move and i don't i just don't know if they would have enough cap
space in order to figure that situation out but uh i would say my front runner would be
the florida panthers if he did not sign with the p Penguins. Do you think that he ends up a Pittsburgh Penguin next season?
Yes or no?
I'm going to say no.
No, no, no, no.
If this is happening, no.
All right.
No, he doesn't seem to want to take this sort of hometown discount
that Sid talked about a few years ago.
Everybody needs to take less.
I think Gino, we know he marches to the less. I think Gino's just, you know,
we know he marches to the beat of his own drummer.
And yeah, I mean, I don't think he's coming back,
even though if it's still possible.
And as much as I love Pittsburgh,
I will stroke off that organization, that city,
everything they've done for me in my life.
I do think that sometimes the fan base can be a little bit harsh.
You saw Marc-Andre Fleury go through it.
He obviously has
thick skin because he never really let it affect him where they were willing to trade him after his
quote-unquote prime was up when matt murray came in he was the brand new shiny toy they always
seem to have a scapegoat in pittsburgh and i mean maybe mark madden's not exactly the guy to lean on
for the the most accurate hockey news but he was all over him most this season,
and so were most of the other part of the fan base.
So maybe he's also sick and tired of that,
and he's saying, I'm bringing my talents elsewhere,
and maybe that played a factor.
Yeah, well.
And not wanting to take a hometown discount.
It's very true about Penguins fans and Malkin.
It's always been bizarre to me.
And my buddy Jake, he's the head pro at Naples National. He's a huge penguins fans and Malcolm. It's always been bizarre to me. And like my buddy, Jake,
he's the head pro at Naples nationally, huge penguins fan for Pittsburgh.
He told me his dad can't stand him. I'm like, what do you mean?
He's like, just drives them nuts as a fan.
It's like,
there are so many people who I think have been so spoiled by Crosby and the,
and the old term of like really not taking a night off when maybe there's been
some games, Gino's just kind of lugging it and dogging it a little bit but to be frustrated and not be a fan of his as a penguin
fan is bananas to me yeah no doubt we got tons more free agent stuff to get guys guys i have
some more breaking news oh my god are you fucking kidding me what's happening right now pierre lebrun
this is from pierre lebrun hearing that cup champion Avalanche have agreed to an eight-year extension
with Valerie Nishuskin.
Oh, okay.
Even though you miss said it, you got biz brain right now.
Nishuskin.
Isn't it Nishuskin?
Yeah.
What would you say?
I would say five or five and a half would be a very good deal.
Any more than that.
I would just get a little bit weary.
Now, you ask anybody.
He's an analytic darling.
He obviously wasn't.
Why are you laughing, R?
I just told you, an analytic darling.
Well, just as far as all the underlying numbers,
and then it just goes to point.
The eye test, you can obviously see all of it,
and his contributions through these playoffs.
We often lean to try to compare, like, the second wave of player the eye test you can obviously see all of it and his contributions through these playoffs we often
lean to try to compare like the the second wave of player getting it done like how Palat did it
during their couple runs and what his contributions were you saw that from him but you also haven't
seen a ton else maybe in seasons prior we could go back to his Dallas days and maybe how he wasn't
happy to be there I would just be a little weary of giving this guy an eight-year deal,
anything over five and a half million bucks.
He is not  I don't think he's a guy that you look as a core, core piece.
He's kind of that next wave over.
Am I wrong here?
No, you're right.
I mean, this year he was so good.
They talked about knowing they
couldn't keep Kaji that was pretty important to Joe Sackett who's now moved on to president
um that'll that'll that'll Ariel bring that up a little bit but he he Nechushkin in the playoffs
it's like I think we have to keep this guy that's how they're looking at it but with with the deal
McCarr took and the deal Landis Fogg took and I'm sure that Nate Dogg's gonna take a little bit of
a break.
I can,
I cannot see it being more than five and a half because he's going to,
they're going to say,
listen,
you want to be here.
You want to be on this team.
We just won.
You got,
you have to take a little less and the eight year probably spreads it out a
little bit,
but wow,
we're just getting hit with news.
I was going to say is we got free agency,
tons of talk later.
I guess Kevin weeks,
we bring him on. He's got some scoop for us later. We're going to talk about the draft for us, but biz is we got free agency. Tons of talk later. I guess Kevin Weeks, we bring him on.
He's got some scoop for us later.
We're going to talk about the draft for us.
But Biz, we got to talk about this picture.
We tweeted out for the caption contest.
You and your Phoenix days.
Shane Doan to the left is laughing.
Is Keith D'Ando.
Who's the other player on the wall?
He's so Russian looking.
No, it was Brett McClain.
And unfortunately, during his time with the with the coyotes he ended up getting a
heart problem where he had to retire yeah man it was he was like on the ice and they had to revive
him it was one of the scariest things that the organization had ever been practice or something
um i want i i'm not sure if it was a practice or game but i would say it was in tucson where
it happened and uh
unfortunately he had to retire i think he's doing great now in his personal life and you know he
ended up transitioning out of hockey well but uh awesome teammate awesome guy he had great uh great
goal scoring ability around the net hell of a shot and uh he was he was the guy in that picture but
that's when we used to play sewer ball before games. And we used to have a riot.
That was actually, the picture was taken in Vancouver.
So we were just fucking around.
And yeah, just those are the times you remember and you miss as a player,
just fucking around with the guys.
It looked like you were doing Cornholio from Habibus and Butthead.
With the way the shirt was over your head.
Cornholio.
Cornholio.
All right, either way, we cleared up that mystery.
But, yeah, the NHL draft, man, very entertaining.
The last few have been kind of boring.
But the hometown Canadians made sure to liven things up at the first draft in
Montreal in 13 years.
First, and what was a surprise to a lot of people, they took forward Uri
Slavkovski out of Slovakia.
First overall, made him the first Slovak to go number one overall.
And then shortly after
that gary betman comes out with a pair of trades he announced that the habs eventually learned uh
landed 21 year old kirby doc with the blackhawks took third overall just three years ago betman
gave it a little showmanship thought that was pretty entertainment oh he was fucking hilarious
the whole crowd was amazing just with the amount they were booing him and then and then and then
he's like i have a trade to announce and then they're like boo and he's like no no i think you want to hear this one no yeah hey so i was with
my brother-in-law watching and he's not really a hockey fan he's like why are they booing this guy
i'm like well i think at this point it's almost like they just boom to boom i don't really know
if it's truly like that much hatred towards him a bunch of out of the show by gary but they haven't
won enough cups but they
were they were relentless where they continued every time he's talking they're booing him and
he said jeez it continues like oh well now it's just any other arena probably would have ended
after the original boo but montreal they're just known to give everyone the business and this is
after they were handed first overall pick we all know it should have been the fucking coyotes and
they're still gonna boom what a bunch of fucking babies in that crowd booing him as long as how how could they
hate that man that much after the success that that organization has had since their existence
well all their success before he was commissioner right i mean all right when did he take over i
think i think they won it in 93 i think that was on betman's watch if i'm not mistaken okay okay all right well actually cornelli is gonna have to look into that to
confirm but uh i don't know that would be funny if all of them had been won since uh
since he took over so no wonder they were fucking booing him uh i don't know what part of the draft
it was but at some point they started cheering someone and betman's like can i get some of that
like did you hear him say that he was i think at one point he's like what the fuck he must have had the dab pen beforehand lightened
up a little bit well biz you mentioned you mentioned at the beginning uh the the all the
the Arizona Coyotes brass all dressed the exact same I heard it was actually in honor of Harry
Knuckles it was the same uniform he wore and you'll never see so that's pretty cool to dress
up like him and dress like a seat guy and I wanted to you know shout out the Coyotes for
thinking of a Harry Knuckles guy who'd been a part of that well you know they're moving on from from
Glendale over to ASU so I'm not sure if he'd be able to head a Knuckles the guys so beautiful
homage to him and uh and uh well represented at the And guys, not only was there tons of showmanship,
the fans booing, Gary being funny,
but there was a shock.
There was rumblings that they were not going to go
with Shane Wright first overall.
But to see the second pick go, the third pick go,
and then finally Seattle lands him at four.
And on top of that, this could be a rumor,
and this could not be the case, and maybe you guys can confirm,
but as Shane Wright walked on stage,
he was staring down the Montreal Canadiens draft table multiple times.
Yes or no, R.A.?
Was that fabricated by the interwebs?
Because I tend to put a lot of stock into Twitter and their reactions.
I believe he was.
I know there was one reporter that said he was looking for the TV camera,
which doesn't make any sense because why would he be fucking giving a dirty look to the camera?
Everyone there said the Montreal table was right there and that's what he was doing.
I have a hard time thinking it was not.
Why would he be giving the camera a dirty look?
He had to be because the whole thing was he is he is smiling with batman and then just immediately turns on
the mean face and then kind of gave him another one too so he was great now now it was interesting
because i felt like no granted there were rumors in the in the seasons slavkovsky had slavkovsky
excuse me it was like all right well maybe this guy could take over but it was more the morning of the draft you really saw saw rumblings coming out that like it looks
like it's gonna be this guy and and I mean I felt bad for Shane Wright and it brought me right back
to my draft and it was the Jay Bomeister scenario in terms of it was the same thing since they were
15 years old both guys are the first overall picks in three
years it's like these guys are clear-cut the best player at their age group and we got to our draft
in 02 and ended up being rick nash and then you're like all right well now it's bo meister and boom
carrie letton goes ahead of him and what sucks for him bo meister at the time who's laughing now
who cares and for right now is like the cameras just they don't leave that guy right so it's like oh
this poor kid is supposed to be the best day of his life and he's kind of sitting there and you
know just the anxiety and the feeling that he's going through of it's such a disappointment when
when in reality it's such a special day and what you've done is is so amazing to get where you're
at now and in the end it doesn't even really matter where you get drafted right like the
game goes now dude like now it's what we see but you just feel for a kid who's been preparing
for something for that long to then be like sitting there and it must have felt like it was
fucking four hours the three picks that went by yeah and like when you're a kid who's been you're
being talked about going first overall for probably three four years might be a bit of a shot to the
ego to not um maybe a little bizarre
that you're staring down the table. Now, the only reasonable explanation for that is maybe
Canadians brass pulled the old cush lashes, old man, where he's like, Jerry, you're our guy.
My words are strong as oak and then completely cut, right? That's like the only explanation
where they tell them you're going number one, we you buddy and then boom he gets hit with that one and that the fact that you had to wait
for you know three more picks to finally be called but i look at it like this apparently the kid that
the canadians drafted seems to be maybe the most nhl ready and with the moves that they're making
they're probably looking to go from successful team that went to the cup finals to complete laughing stock of the league to now maybe got their maybe got their names back in the mix.
And then I think what you talked about it when we get to weeks later on was who knows, maybe they go out and sign Klingberg, too.
So this Montreal Canadiens team could be ready to compete again with some of the guys that they've stocked up on. And moving it over to Shane Wright,
bud, look at the young centerman this Seattle team has.
This team could be a wagon in a few years
with all the depth they have down the middle.
They got Beneers, they got Shane Wright,
and there's one other name I'm forgetting of,
and I know Grinnelli's going to hop in and throw it at me.
Grinnelli just did text over.
Gary Bettman was elected December
12, 1992. He took office February
1, 1993, a few
months before the Canadians won their last Stanley Cup.
There you go, Canadians. What the fuck are you
booing for? He fucking handed you a cup in his
era. Go on now. I also
did tweet out that
and this is no offense to Shane
Wright, not a bad looking kid by any
means, but when I saw, I had never seen Slavkovsky's face, right?
You see him lighten up the Olympics.
You see he's a big monster scoring goals.
They showed the kid in the crowd.
I tweeted, that's what he fucking looks like?
He's beautiful.
If you're looking at the option and the kid's this good
and then you see he looks like that, it's like, all right, that's our guy.
That's our pick.
So, I mean, I was super impressed with, I guess, his game and his looks.
And now you see all the clips coming out from the rookie camp.
So nowadays, and it didn't happen when we were drafted, Biz,
but now you get drafted and boom, everyone goes right back to the city
and they have some rookie camps.
And I think it's not only just the rookies.
It's maybe summer development camp.
I don't know how it works. He's in the gym.
He's breaking bicycles on the wind gate test. You see this kid? Wow.
No, it looked like it was in fast, fast speed.
Smashing the wind gate for people who don't know the VO two tests on the bike
can be long. It's almost how long you can go.
That's the Duncan Keith masterpiece in terms of the,
he's got lungs like a tour de France rider, like biz Wingate is more of 15 to 22nd all out sprint in terms of seeing how
strong your legs are.
The woman after the test looked at him like,
holy shit,
this guy.
And then after they asked him,
he said,
I want to break everything in here.
So this kid,
he's a man on a mission and he is a force to be reckoned with.
Shane Wright did say, yes, I'll have a chip on my shoulder for sure
about sliding down to fourth.
So definitely put a bird in his cell.
Buddy, no state taxes in Seattle.
What the fuck is he complaining about?
And he's going to play like sooner.
He's going to play next year.
It's a guarantee.
And he doesn't have to deal with the pressure of playing in Montreal
because if he doesn't score in his first five games,
they won't be asking him to be traded for crying out loud.
Now, Grinelli, I asked you who their depth at center was from the young guns.
I mentioned Shane Wright.
I mentioned Beneers.
Was there another kid, or am I just making shit up?
I think you may just be making shit up.
Okay, awesome.
Welcome back to the Spit Chickens podcast.
Now, that eight-year deal has became firm as far as a number.
Nachushkin, 6.125125 so we weren't far off i thought six million
would have been that's getting in the range but hey if they believe in him i'm sure he'll be
48.1 million dollars 48.9 million whoo how you doing buddy good for him right for him holy shit yeah that's
what the hell is mckinnon gonna get from them um back to the draft quickly yeah what a cool moment
for the country of slovakia to have the first and second pick is just so outstanding and i think they
later on yeah montreal took another slovak they They took another Slovak in the pretty high up in the draft.
So that that's pretty cool for Slavkovsky to have a guy that he that he knows well.
And in terms of the pick by New Jersey, I saw that kid.
He played world juniors as I think a 16 year old, like like the way Spezza did biz and
Bo Meister and as a real young guy.
And I said, holy shit, he was a beast. Then he had the full cage on for quite a while.
I think he's been so young and some of the world juniors he played in,
but love his game.
And I think the Jersey knew what they were doing in terms of understanding.
We want to get some defensive help here and we got a future,
what they're looking at. Number one guy.
We're going to talk about Arizona pick a Maverick Lamarue's parents.
They were very
excited about their son getting drafted um just full-on making out right right after he got picked
i gotta be honest guys that fucking gave me the biggest half chub that's gotta be the biggest
watching that we see called the french open that tongue dart down his throat and i think it was
though yeah it was his wife like he went to kiss her and she's just like what do you mean no that was a clean tongue dart well executed right into the makeout
oh that's uh of course he had of all fucking numbers too that kid had 69 penalty minutes
last year and he had four calls and 20 assists like what are the fucking words the guy whose
parents make out of open tongue make-tongue make out,
and he has the 69 and the 420.
And you know what?
I'm not sure, Biz.
They might need a little Roman Swipes later that night
because what do you do when you want to last longer?
Some of the nights you want to last longer, an awesome concert,
maybe season one of Shoresy, you want them all to last a little bit longer.
Well, Roman Swipes wants you to last longer in bed,
340 better in bed, that is.
Roman Swipes are the secret to longer longer in bed. 340 better in bed, that is.
Roman swipes are the secret to longer-lasting sex.
Roman swipes are uniquely formulated to reduce overstimulation without eliminating sensation altogether.
The more consistent you are with the swipes,
the longer and better your sex will be.
The swipes are super easy to use.
You take out the swipe, you apply it, you let it dry for five minutes,
and then you enjoy
longer lasting sex so go to get roman.com slash chicklets to get ten dollars off swipes when you
choose a monthly plan maybe we can get a promo code for uh his parents one of these days because
uh that was pretty funny stuff gee i know you want to these are going to be having key parties
by the time you know it with this kid in the organization in dorms yeah so that was pretty
funny also bob is i want to talk about the this kid logan organization in dorms. Yeah. So that was pretty funny. Also, Bob is,
I want to talk about this kid, Logan Cooley, that Arizona also took a third.
He's a Pittsburgh kid. A great story here. You know,
Sid's Sid's little penguins was a program he started back years ago.
He wanted young kids who maybe couldn't afford equipment or just to make
hockey equipment available.
This program has helped about 14,000 kids already.
And this kid is the highest drafted player ever from Pittsburgh, Logan Cooley,
just a great story. And it goes to show how much these programs work.
I mean, we think of it.
He was one of the beneficiaries of getting some of this gear in order to kick
off his, his hockey career.
And we know how expensive it is for these parents, man.
So shout out to Sid and the organization for starting that.
And obviously it playing a part in fact, that this kid was drafted,
the highest kid ever from Pittsburgh drafted.
Yeah. It's a great thing. Ironically, he was a Capitals and Ovechkin fan.
So that's kind of, kind of ironic how it worked out. But like I said,
these programs, I know Emil Francis did it in New York city years ago.
And you know,
Joey Mullen and Brian Mullen and Nick Fatih ended up getting the pros and
Eddie Short did something similar, Boston. These programs are great, man. I mean, even if like one orih who ended up getting the pros, and Eddie Shore did something similar at Boston.
These programs are great, man.
I mean, even if, like, one or two kids end up going pro, man,
that's all worth it, plus all the kids who might, you know,
get scholarships or just go out and have some fun.
So these programs are good stuff.
So when guys do it, it's awesome for the neighborhood,
the community, and whatever.
We're going to talk about this Tampa pick, Isaac Howard, the Iceman. Oh, my God.
Ike.
What a legend.
Yeah, Avery. He looked like Avery's stunt double when he comes strutting out. Isaac Howard, the Iceman. Ike, what a legend.
Yeah, Avery.
He looked like Avery's stunt double when he comes strutting out.
He's got the white suit looking like a disco fever out there,
the belt buckle, the mock turtleneck.
And then he's got the quote of all quotes.
I think I'm the best looking guy here, so I decided to be the best dressed too.
I mean, confidence off the charts.
I'd never seen that like this in the draft before.
I love the fact that, not even joking, like 20 years ago,
this kid would have been shunned.
Somebody would have like kicked him.
Tampa would have rescinded the draft pick.
And now it's just, it's all about making waves, right? It's all about maybe getting a little viral clip.
It's about some confidence and it's actually showing that you're getting
some more personalities in the game of hockey.
So no doubt that kid's going to take some shit. You you think he cares and apparently he's got some serious game too he flies and he
can score and so to see that quote and i actually got home i was at i was watching the first 10
picks the draft then went out and got back for that the last two picks in the first round i was
like who is this kid and please fill in yarmir yager's line on instagram after all right because
that was the most beautiful part yeah he said this kid is lucky it's not 1990 big guys would
change his face and of course everyone's like oh settle down boom blah blah blah it's like well
yeah like you just said i mean if that kid did it 30 some years ago he'd be looking at
some of the fucking outfits that yager used to wear well that's the irony coming from him biz oh my goodness
i know but i think back then how about the hair he had on him for crying out loud that alone
biz almost got kicked off pittsburgh for asking mario to go to lunch imagine if he said he was
the best looking guy in the draft yeah i wouldn't lie to his face though i just want to go to lunch
with the guy um yeah that was, that was definitely quite the outfit.
You got to have some big balls to show up to the draft like that.
What would have been even tougher is if he would have slid outside the first round.
Oh, man.
He would have had a different outfit.
Because then you got to wear it the same day or the next day, excuse me.
So I will say just overall, probably one of the most entertaining drafts since I can remember.
So shout out to
everybody in montreal the fans who made it so special and also having it in a city where all
the brass and scouts and everybody can enjoy themselves doing it um and uh that's pretty
much all i got as far as draft the only other name that popped up uh was a kid from vancouver who uh
who everybody was excited to get from there some people had them high as as
high as going eighth overall and then they felt they got a steal there and then the one other
pick they made uh Elias Pedersen yeah Spider-Man meme yeah that's how crazy is that Elias Pedersen
same name but they said they never met each other well I again that's been contradicted I don't know
if they have but we got to talk about Bruce Boudreaux
before we move on.
Big wrestling superfan.
He's sitting there with the NHL Network set up,
and they bring over Kevin Owens from the WWE.
I'm not the biggest wrestling fan anymore.
I guess this guy is huge.
Boudreaux lit up like a Christmas tree.
He was like a 10-year-old kid fanboying out.
It was absolutely historical watching that clip.
Is he from Montreal, or was WWE there? I think he watching that clip is he from Montreal or were they
was WWE there
I think he might be if not from Montreal
a local guy okay from the area
but just just funny to watch a guy
his age still get that excited
about wrestling I mean hey it's great to have
passions but it's because it's Boudreaux as well
and you know he's from Montreal that's correct
okay a couple other quick
notes too if you find that third centerman that I was talking about,
G, just text it on over.
Seattle Metropolitan some 90 years ago.
It was just the second time that the top two picks were born outside of
North America and came from the same country back in 2004.
Ovi and Gino did the same thing.
And this was interesting, too.
From the first draft in 1963 up until 1984,
every single draft was in montreal
was either held in hotels the league officer at the forum so first 21 years every every draft was
in montreal hurry yeah oh god yeah the places must have been off the hook during those years and uh
also a couple local guys uh we want to say congrats to defenseman chris romaine of milton academy
he was taken by colorado in the sixth round uh he's obviously a buddy of uh he's friends with
our pal jake i got a chance to meet him at jake's's obviously a buddy of our, he's friends with our pal, Jake.
I got a chance to meet him at Jake's graduation party, Jake Tebow.
He's going to Providence next year. So best of luck to Chris.
And I'll also congrats to Michael Callow of St.
Sebastian's in a South Boston Anaheim took him in the fifth round.
He's going to Harvard next year. So congrats, Mike,
good luck on in the future. Hopefully things go well for you.
Boys, like I said, we've got a lot of free agency talk.
I think we should probably bring in weeks.sy right about now to get the folks.
Oh, yeah, Mr. Insider.
Absolutely, absolutely.
So, of course, before we get to Weeksy,
I want to let you know that his interview was brought to you by our friends at Shopify.
Shopify is the all-in-one commerce platform to start, run, and grow your business.
Shopify gives entrepreneurs the resources once reserved for big businesses.
So upstarts, startups, and established businesses alike can sell everywhere,
synchronize online and in-person sales, and effortlessly stay informed.
Shopify offers online retailers a suite of services including payments, marketing, shipping, and customer engagement tools.
Connect with your customers, drive sales, manage your day-to-day.
Shopify instantly lets you accept all major payment methods,
and Shopify has thousands of integrations and third-party apps
from on-demand printing to accountant to advanced chatbots and beyond.
So go to shopify.com slash chicklets, all lowercase,
for a free 14-day trial and get full access to Shopify's entire suite of features.
Grow your business with Shopify today.
Go to shopify.com slash chicklets right now.
And now we're going to send it over to our pal, Kevin Weeks.
Well, it's always a blast to welcome this guy back to the show.
After stopping pucks for 11 years in the NHL,
our pal has become the scoop king of the NHL,
breaking stories left and right, not to mention from who knows where.
It's great to have you back on the Spitting Chicklets podcast.
Kevin Weeks, how the hell are you, my friend?
I'm good, bro.
Thank you so much, R.A.
Thanks for the kind intro.
Fellas, how we living?
How you doing?
And to our audience, what's the good word?
What's going on?
Just waiting for scoops, man. Waiting for scoops from Weeksy. Yes, yes, yes. I'll be peeping the phone as we're on. So if you see my sausage fingers going crazy, if we have anything breaking,
I'll let you know. But I'm working on a couple of them right now. There's a ton going on.
When we first met, or I think it was you who really started telling me about post-career.
And at that time, you were doing the late West Coast Hockey Night in Canada game, color-wise.
And you were really helpful for me in terms of getting into it after.
And then you got into NHL Network and all these different spots.
But in terms of the insider stuff, that's more recent.
And I'm wondering, how does that even come about?
I know you can't give away sources, but the whole time, did you kind of know,
I want to get into breaking more news and things like that?
You know what's crazy?
Yeah, thank you for that, bro.
And I do remember us talking so much when you were up in Edmonton.
And congrats to you guys on what you've done post-playing career
and putting it all together, URA and Grinnell and the team.
You guys have just rocked.
You guys are rocking.
So that's the first thing before we go any further.
Give you guys your props for what you're doing. Hold on. What a beverage is that bro is that a pink whitney in it or no
no this is iced coffee trust me it's a long it's been a long day i need one of those later all
right all right the beginning of the podcast people have already heard by now is disgusting
so that's why it'll be pink whitney later okay you got to sample the product because that looks
like brown whitney right now so yeah but seriously, no. So, so basically what happened was like,
I've been doing games, doing color, doing studio, doing whatever, hosting stuff, doing different
things, which is all amazing. And I love all of it. It's all cool. And it's all super fun.
But as far as the breaking stuff, I was kind of sprinkling it in a little bit from time to time, but you guys
know this 99 of the stuff that we have, we don't even use, we don't even bring to the airwaves,
right? Because a lot of that is our trust that we have with everybody in the business,
the boys in the business, the ladies in the business, former teammates, guys, we know people
we play junior with against the whole thing. So a lot of it is just, we always get so much
information. It's just that we usually guard it and we don't really share So a lot of it is just, we always get so much information. It's just
that we usually guard it and we don't really share part of any of it. And what ended up happening was
there was a few of those things that I had gotten and hockey fans, you guys know, sports fans in
general. So I'm not going to limit it, but I'll say from our sport, hockey fans love news. They
love transactions. They're like junkies for transactions. They look like Larry
at Madison Square Garden when the music comes on, my guy, Larry, in the third period. So basically,
they love the news and they love the news cycle and the transaction stuff. So I started breaking
a little bit here and there. And over time, I've kind of broken a little bit more and felt a little
bit more comfortable with it. But our fans just have like an insatiable appetite for news and for different
things happening. And, and you know, this too,
so too do the boys and girls that are playing.
Like everybody loves to know what's going on.
The owners love to know what's going on.
The coaches love to know what's going on. The trainers, you name it.
So it's been a lot of fun.
How did the whole, like the background thing come about?
I know it was probably during the deadline.
And then all of a sudden you were breaking them from doing your like dear
daily chores. And next thing you know, it just took on a mind of its own.
He was underwater.
And I can't swim.
I told you guys that last time.
Let me, let me say this.
Basically what happened was you guys know the news world the hockey
world's nobody's waiting on us like if you gotta walk your dog you guys have dogs you gotta walk
them you gotta feed your pet turtle you gotta feed it like which you guys have kids you gotta
you know you're gonna do stuff with your nobody's waiting for you it doesn't work like that so
basically what ended up happening was i would get information and i'd have information
that i could verify to be able to break what just so happens i'm getting a fade i'm in the
barbershop so i i gotta break it from the barbershop it just so happens we were in the spa
just up the street before me driving up to bristol for trade deadline gotta break it from the spa
i swear to god so listen we we go into the spa and i get some news to break really nice
lady older russian lady that owns a spa and i'm like ma'am is it okay if i do news from here and
she looks at me she's like i go are you like so you don't mind so then all of a sudden i start
shooting it and she starts howling but basically the concept really came from just being natural, number one. And number two, you know, my wife has a really global marketing job and PR job.
And she was just saying, she's like, this is who you are.
You love having fun, own it, have fun with it, interact with the fans.
And you guys see this based on all the great things you guys are doing.
The fans don't like the filters in between.
They like to feel like we're there with them and we are.
So that's a big part of it there on that biz.
Weeksy, we got to ask Johnny Gaudreau.
I mean, he's the biggest name in the market.
I think the longer it takes, the less likely he's going to go back to Calgary.
I know he probably prefers the East or Northeast.
What are you thinking when he ends up?
I'm guessing either Jersey or Carolina.
I want to hear what you have to say.
Oh, what?
I love R.A.
R.A. with the hoo-hoo. R.A. R.A. with the R.A.
and R.A. scoop. I heard I heard I heard from somebody there's not a chicken Dick's chance
in hell. He ends up with New Jersey. I'm not listening. This isn't a scooping. This is more
like kind of look at it. Who has the money? I know what these Raleigh's not too far from his
hometown. So I'm just kind of deducing on that that level. But I want to hear what your take is.
All right. So first thing, I'll start in Calix. I think you guys know my wife's
family's from Alberta. They're all throughout Alberta. She's grew up in Calgary the most part.
So I've got all these Albertans in the family now and every, where's he going? What's he doing?
Have you heard anything? What's going on? Every two seconds. I'm like, bro, I'm not Johnny Goudreau.
I'm Johnny Goudreau. You know what I mean? Don't jack this up. Get it right.
So, so, so anyway, as I'm looking at it, right, as I'm kind of looking at the landscape,
we know the flambs, the flames can give him the eight years, right? They can go to max. They can
give him that extra year, spread the bread out. We know that he flourished. He's coming off of a
monster career season. Calgary makes a lot of sense for
him to stay there I do know for a fact that of course he's partial to the northeast being a
jersey slash philly guy playing it at bc there in bean town jersey has the money the devils do
they've got the cap space philly would be even closer to home because he's a south jersey guy
right by philly that's his
childhood favorite team but does Philly have the bread I spoke to somebody in Philly's organization
before we came on the show today and they're like we see we got money to move I don't know if we
have the money I don't know if we have the money available to make it happen so those would be my
top two right now I would then say this though just to throw a little wrinkle in things to our ace point what if Carolina you've got guys coming off the books
right you've got guys coming off the books right now what if Carolina they could take a run I think
he'd be fire on Carolina of all the teams that if it's not Calgary I think Carolina he'd be fire
and they're a really good team yeah that might be the one piece they need
to finally get themselves over the edge as well.
So as of right now, you don't really have an answer for us
because he hasn't made a decision,
and it's hard to get those types of leaks in any way.
He's got options. He's got options, totally.
Me and R.A. were going back and forth.
Obviously, we're not the insiders.
Fuck, we barely even know the rules.
If free agency does come and go and that deadline passes, and forth like obviously we're not the insiders we fuck we barely even know the rules um if free
agency does come and go and that deadline passes because calgary had his rights before that do they
still have the opportunity to give them the eight years beyond that deadline or at that point do
they become like everybody else and can only offer them seven years yeah they'll become like everyone
else and only offer them the seven years. So that's the challenge for them.
If they want to get this done sooner rather than later, it'll go a long way for them because
they could spread it out over the eight years.
But the problem is clearly he hasn't come to his decision in terms of what he wants
to do and where he wants to go.
And he holds the cards right now.
But that extra year, that's huge.
That's huge to be able to spread it out.
Otherwise, that means it's a steeper price for the other buyer.
Let's say if it's Philly, it's a steeper price because they've got to spread that money over seven.
If it's Carolina, if it's Jersey, the same thing.
We haven't talked about anybody else out West, though.
But here's a question for you.
Like, what about St. Louis if they move money out?
There's so many different options that would want him.
That's why it's like you hear Philly and like Carolina.
I guess that does make a lot of sense.
I hadn't even thought about that.
There's always that surprise team that comes in, though.
And you think of St. Louis, it's like a game breaker like that.
It's a great question, but I guarantee come noon or whenever it opens,
there'll be some teams you never would have thought of
that are calling offering him tickets.
Totally. Totally.
And they're going to have those sheets crispy.
It's going to be a lot of sheets, as we say, boys.
They're going to be pressed. They're going to be starched.
They're going to be crispy.
It's laundered clean money.
Totally. 100.
I would assume if St. Louisis works they're getting rid of
tara sanko off the books because there has been a ton of rummings for that yes i don't i don't
necessarily think that he matches their system of play now but would you could add a game changer
like that i think you kind of just you bring them in and then you figure out the rest later
because they do play a pretty you you know, a pretty aggressive game.
They're heavy on the four check. But wow. I never,
I'd never even consider that.
And when I close my eyes and try to picture them in a blues uniform,
it just does not work. You know what I'm saying? Yeah. Yeah. No.
We're in the blue note. I cannot. No, I, here's what I could picture.
I'm doing. I can picture him seeing,
I can picture seeing him get all those sheets as in millions.
And I could picture him racking up the points. Yeah. Right.
That's what I could see them being an offensive driver.
Their Kyra was money this year, mid 70 points. Robert Thomas was money.
By the way, Tarasenko coming off a career year,
after multiple surgeries on his shoulder, he was awesome for them, but you know,
it's been pretty well Pub's that he wants he'd
like to be moved so since it's been publicized they're looking for a match but here's another
name with st louis i'm told that my man tory crew could be on the market too so so if kroege is on
the market who's a real by the way how sick was that pairing with him and justin falk last year
they were unreal for the blues last year but uh oh sorry go ahead i'm just gonna say but they have
that young d-man peronovich too right yeah so maybe they end up moving kroege but if they do
move kroege and if tarasenko goes what is that that's 14 14 sheets right there that they have
available 14 million biz once i saw uh john Hockey in Yeezys on a horse,
I could see him anywhere.
I could see him in any uniform.
The Gucci belt.
The Gucci belt Yeezys.
And Biz, yeah, a question you were talking about.
So good.
Once free agency hits, they are officially, like,
not even a part of that team.
So the eight years has to be before. Yeah, it's prior to. Before free agency starts they are officially like not even a part of that team so the eight years
has to be before yeah before it starts yeah yep yep it's prior to even the casual fans who listen
probably knew that so that was just my that's all right i'm an idiot we're a man of the people
we're a man of the people um another guy another guy week see and yeah talk about the blues they
saw him up close and personal right is Nazem Kadri and
I it's like I'm so happy for him he gets his coffee he basically gets a giant fuck you to
Toronto in the celebration he did and at the same time dealt with some horrible shit throughout the
playoff so I'm pumped for him and what are you hearing in terms of that and talk about I mean
he might be more wanted than good drill.
Hey, those are great points by you there with,
because Nazem Kadri is in this NHL.
He's kind of a unicorn player.
There aren't too many players like Nazem Kadri that can throw up north of
70 points that can fight and hold on and fight with anybody in the league at
that size. It's not like he's a big man, like Tom Wilson, that can get it on the four check that can drive and hold on and fight with anybody in the league at that size. It's not like he's a big man like Tom Wilson that can get it on the forecheck
that can drive offense as great as the abs were this year.
And as great as they are, Nate, great Nate,
the great McKinnon or skate McKinnon, the way he can fly.
You've got kale McCarr, which is beyond fire. I don't know.
Are we seeing some shades of a Bobby or slash Brian
Leach 2.0 right now? Of course, in this game and kill my car ranting in his money and outstanding
player. But from start to finish of the start of the season, their most consistent player was
Nazem Kadri. He's unreal. So to me, if he gets to the marketplace and I spoke with his agent, Darren Ferris yesterday, who I've known a long time, if he gets to the marketplace and i spoke with his agent darren ferris yesterday who
i've known a long time if he gets to the marketplace and he doesn't resign in colorado
because of cap crunch for them fellas he's gonna get so much bread and he's gonna be such a good
ad to any team i go back to saying i'll tell you guys a story because the fans love stories on here
i remember we're at yorkville back home in TO some maybe like eight summers ago
and I remember saying to him we're on a rooftop bar and I'm like yo Naz you're unreal disher you
got to shoot the pill more man shoot the biscuit a little bit more he's like yeah we see you know
yeah he goes you know what he looked at me dead in the eye that night he's like I'm gonna get paid
I'm like really I go shoot the puck a lot more you're gonna get paid he's like I'm going to get paid. I'm like, really? I go shoot the puck a lot more. You're going to get paid. He's like, I'm going to get paid. Fast forward to it being what it is. I think he got
a bit of a raw deal in Toronto. I think there's people in the organization that didn't treat him
well and that subjected him to things that he didn't deserve to be subjected to. Same thing
with some of the idiotic fans that we had this year that were saying really terrible things to him what a year it's been and he might do the phil kessel 2.0 he might bring the stanley cup down
young street and and really flash that in everybody's eyeballs back home in to yo i don't
know like he might and he's earned that so props to naz he there's a lot of places i could see him
for sure but let me ask you guys a question. Let's say Johnny Hockey leaves, right, fellas?
Say Johnny Hockey leaves,
and he rides out on that horse out of Calves from the Stampede,
and he rides out of town.
Would Nazem Kadri not be a perfect fit to go to Calgary?
Yeah, I don't know.
I feel like he's going some
I feel like once you deal with the Canadian media,
and especially the way that he has,
that would probably be looking to be his last option.
I agree.
I mean, yeah.
On that note.
They got to fill in that role,
and that would definitely be a guy who could do it
and a guy who's probably got one of the best 200-foot games in the league too.
And Darryl would be behind the bench like loving it.
You know what I mean?
Do you think that they could make it work in Colorado or is that pretty much
signed, sealed and delivered that they won't be able to afford to bring him
back? Cause they ended up moving on past Darcy Kemper,
who you imagine they probably would have had to pay probably in roughly around
six times six. That's probably what he's going to fetch in free agency.
So you think with that money that they're not spending,
I know that they are in talks with the Chushkin. is there just no way they can bring naz back it'll be tight to do it
but they also have to look for the money for um mckinnon down nate dog too in the not too distant
future right so that's the one challenge burkowski comes off the books who is really good for them
he's going to do well in free agency the chushkin should they sign him then they're going to have him on the books i just mentioned
burkowski being off the books the fact that they get georgiev at a lower number than they would
have gotten to your point for kemper it does leave a little bit on the table i think if naz
stays there though he's going to have to take
unfortunately, he'd have to take less than he could get elsewhere.
Does he want to stay there for something with a 7 or 7.5 on it?
Or does he go to the market and get 8 or 9?
That's the question.
I guess the question is, does he want to go for that second cup or the money?
Correct.
That's a huge factor.
Huge, huge factor.
Huge factor. And here's the one thing, guys, I. That's a huge factor. Huge, huge factor. Huge factor.
And here's the one thing, guys, I can tell you too, and the fans,
I'm going to tell you now.
I spoke to Jared Bednar numerous times this year.
He raved about Nazem Kadri.
Raved about him.
Professionalism, hunger, commitment to the craft,
wanting to be great, bulldog mentality, work ethic,
all these great with the young players,
how much he's matured off the ice too.
Him and his wife have a young daughter.
He just said he was a model citizen
and a model player.
And you know,
Beds is real too.
And Beds told me that numerous times,
even right up before the cup final.
So that's a testament to Naz
and his growth and becoming,
you know,
a bigger professional and an elite player in this league.
Hey, maybe he signs back with the Leafs.
Who knows?
Hey, listen.
How are you going to cliffhanger everybody like that, man?
Can you imagine?
Can you imagine?
Oh, my God.
You know what?
He's exactly what they need, though, to your point.
Ironically.
What they had.
Play goalie.
He's what?
Oh, shoot. You didn't have to go there
all right that's spicy well hey let's not the goal there all right let's go let's go there so
apparently uh jack campbell and his camp and the leafs are very far apart it sounds like he's going
to end up going to free agency yeah was that a shock to you because i thought he loved it there
and i thought that if there's anyone who's going to maybe take a hometown discount uh you know given with the fact that they stuck with him through his
tough times last year that they would be able to lock him up but where do you see him moving on to
and and now I'm hearing that they're going to get Matt Murray now based on his last few seasons he
even makes more money what how does that work there's a lot going on fellas okay let me let me preface this by saying
this all right when you see what you like you gotta pounce on it it's like the valentine's
day dance in high school you see somebody you're kind of interested in you can't be on the wall
just standing there well that was all right he was like holding his dick on the wall you're
telling me i used to go forward and get slapped but slapped but there's a thing at least you move forward and you make it known hey i'm interested
do you know what i mean like i feel like some teams have been really conservative there's only
x amount of goalies so when you're hanging back and you're just you're a wallflower in the
background it makes it a little bit difficult you got to go out and jump and get who you want to get
and all that to say if you're the Leafs now,
I've been saying this for two years since Freddie left,
I've been saying John Gibson to the Leafs,
John Gibson to the Leafs.
It hasn't happened.
He's the best goalie out there that I think is on a team
that is a non-contending team.
And he's an outstanding goalie, he's a three-time all-star.
All right, they didn't do it.
Cool.
All right, then I was like, the flower. Okay flower okay well it didn't happen with the flower cool all right well if you're not going to resign jack campbell or you weren't sure if you're going to
resign him now it kind of goes down the road so i was speaking to some people involved in the matt
murray thing today to bring you up to speed which is why i tweeted this earlier today I'm told that he's been undergoing physicals
and physical evaluation like as in medical evaluations with the Leafs he spent a lot of
his own money Matt Murray on his health and rehabilitating to get healthy to play for this
upcoming season the Leafs are doing the medical due diligence literally right up to right now and I understand
the framework of a deal is in place between the Leafs and Sens but of course all of this
is predicated on his health and what the Leafs find out in terms of his health if they feel
comfortable with his health now and going forward then I think the deal's on and if they don't the
deal's off let me let me get your opinion on something though, because Matt Murray,
two times Stanley cup champion,
but with the money and the injuries and the play and Toronto now,
Campbell was not the problem this year. It was not goaltending.
Campbell was nice. Campbell was nice. It was nice.
But like, that's, that's what you're going to go with. Like,
is that not crazy to you? So here's the deal.
Is Matt Murray that good?
I don't know.
It's just like you're a Stanley Cup.
They're a legit Stanley Cup contender.
It sounds crazy because they can't get out of the first round.
And we're suckers for a comeback story here on the podcast.
Oh, yeah.
I'm not rooting against them.
It's just to me, it's like if I'm dubious, I'm like, I can't be.
I can't rely on this.
So here's the thing. I mentioned this on Twitter yesterday.
So here's the thing, fellas, all roads point back up North,
Northern Ontario to Sue St. Marie.
Yeah. I knew that was going to be it. Come on boys.
Dubas is loyal like a dog. Come on boys.
Kyle's grandpa or or yeah, grandpa, I think Kyle Dubas' grandpa,
was a part of the Sioux, part ownership, if I'm not mistaken.
He was a stick boy.
He ended up becoming the GM, Kyle Dubas, in the Sioux.
At the time, he hired a former teammate of mine,
and Sheldon Keefe as the head coach.
At the time, they had a goalie by the name of Matt Murray from
Thunder Bay who was playing for them in the zoo and at the time they traded for a guy by the name
of Jack Campbell in this how ironic is this so now everything might become a full circle I think a
lot of it with is about familiarity that's a big part of it because they know him they've known him
they've seen him since he was a young, you know, a young kid and junior,
but also more than the sentimentality,
they probably feel that they know him.
They feel like they would be able to get the best out of him.
If he's healthy and a coach that believes in him and a new opportunity,
you asked me how the deal would go down. Ottawa would have to retain.
Ottawa would have to retain probably three sheets to make that happen.
Probably 3 million to make it happen is my understanding,
but that's what they're working on.
I'm not telling you that that's the deal is going to happen.
I'm just telling you that a lot of the framework is agreed upon.
So it now depends on Matt Murray's health and what,
where the Leafs are and how comfortable they are with his health at this
time.
You mentioned a little bit other drama in talking about that situation.
It just seems like Fleury, the nicest goalie to ever play,
always seems to be in the middle of it.
So you have Cam Talbot's agent with some pretty fiery words
after they re-signed him.
And then Bill Guerin with an all-time response.
What do you think happens there?
Because I can't really see minnesota moving
on without those two guys as their starters to start the season i like that one two punch
do they re-up talbot right away or do you think they made him ride it out he's signed yeah correct
he's got one year he's got one year at three nine like do they do they come back with it oh
i see what you're saying i see what you're saying biz do they come back with it okay let's let's set this in motion because given the market is so thirsty for goaltenders
and now all of a sudden you got flurry and then you got tell but with a guy making three nine
he not only becomes a very valuable trade piece and or do you end up re-upping him because he's
such a good goalie and and sorry a week before you go all right do you want to read the quotes
just for people who have it? You know what I mean?
Yep, I read those earlier today.
Yeah, Reeksy, they're fiery.
Some people, they're spicy.
Some people listening probably know what we're talking about.
So R.A. will fill you in on the agent and then Billy G's response.
R.A., take your time with it, too.
Take your time.
Give us some theatrics, Broadway style.
I'll be Billy Garen, R.A.
You be the agent.
Okay, yeah. The agent had texted to P.L'll be Billy Garrett. All right. You be the agent. Okay.
Yeah.
The agent had texted to PL up run.
We,
we both stated oppositions.
Billy has a lot to think about.
Billy G replied.
I don't have shit to do.
Cam Talbot's under control.
George can say whatever the hell he wants.
My team set right now.
And that's the way it goes.
So we can have all the discussions we want.
Kim's a member of our team.
We really like Kim.
All we're trying to do is win.
All we're trying to do is have good, strong goaltending,
and I think we have that.
He said, basically, I don't have shit to do was the crux of the quote, though.
I mean, this guy's no Alan Walsh, but, you know,
nonetheless trying to stir things up.
That was spicy, boy.
Go ahead, Wits.
I see you're ready.
No, I just think that it's crazy and crazy to think as an agent,
and I know you're working for your client,
but to think like he has no reason whatsoever to trade you.
He does not have to give into anything you want.
He doesn't have to give into anything that you think you need.
He, as Billy Guerin, I'm saying, is like, I got two very good goalies.
And in the league nowadays, I want that.
So sorry, Cam.
I know you want to be a full-time starter.
I don't give a fuck.
That's how I took it.
Like, you have no right there.
You're signed with the team, exactly how he said at the end.
No, those are good points, man.
Here's the thing.
So first of all, I love both these guys.
I've been huge supporters of both of them for years.
When everybody was shitting on Flower, I was always pumping the flower.
Even after Matt Murray rose to prominence, I was always going to bat for flower.
He's one of the all time great goalies and people in this game.
So let's start there.
When Cam first came into the league, I got to know Cam in New York.
Great dude as well.
Guys, here's the thing.
Guys love playing in front of both of those guys.
Here's the other thing, boys. Cam was an all-star this year. He was an all-star. Let's be, he was
an all-star this year. He had an unreal year. Then they went out and got the flower. Now, remember,
Billy G and the flower were together in Pittsburgh. Okay, so relationships, as I said earlier, they matter.
I think it was a unique opportunity to get the Flower.
I think the Flower is very comfortable in Minnie,
which is why I re-signed there.
He liked a lot about being there, the way they treated him and his family.
But for Cam, as a competitor, you want to play.
You want that net, especially when you were carrying that team
for the last
year and a half and you're an all-star this year and when you're looking out on the landscape like
Christopher Columbus and you're just looking off the boat and you're like okay Washington needs a
goalie New York needs a goal sorry Toronto needs a goalie Edmonton needs a goalie I don't know if
I want to go back to Edmonton in his case, in his case, but you know what I'm saying? He's looking through the periscope and he's looking, he's like, okay, what do we got? There's opportunity there. same time, because the market's thirsty,
you might be able to get a nice return if you move Talbot now and they have Walsted, their goalie they drafted in the first round,
the young Swedish kid a couple years ago.
So Walsted's played pro in Sweden.
He's an elite young goalie.
Throw him in there and let him play 20 or 30
and let the flower play the rest.
That's the way I would do it.
I would move Talbot and get a nice return. And he's never gotten that start and goalie payday so if you're sharing the net the whole season it's
tough for other teams to maybe evaluate it maybe flower ends up getting the starting role because
he out competes him and he's playing more games so tough way to start the year if you're looking
to maybe secure that bag and you're saying looking over the landscape all these other guys who are
probably even you know maybe half as good as him who are probably going to be making the same amount in free agency.
So it should be interesting.
And nonetheless, though, many has got their goaltending situation.
Many stacked.
Many stacked.
Listen, if you're Billy, you're sitting pocket aces right now.
Yeah.
You know what I'm saying?
You sit in pocket aces the wild if you're a wild fan out there in eden prairie or white bear lake or wherever else out there at mini you got to be you got to be pumped right now knowing that that's
your duo if you start the season that way uh weeks yeah i want to bring up a tweet you sent
that all monday about david creature here in boston the possibility of him coming back what's
the latest on that well i have a little bit of breaking news on that not that a deal has happened yet but i'm told that uh working on a one-year
deal likely a one-year deal with creche so it hasn't come through yet that's the latest that
i have for people that are closely involved in the situation and obviously he was at the socks
game the other day he was there for that big wedding this weekend, talking to my spies, my people in Beantown.
They saw him.
Of course, it was on Twitter too.
But I think all signs point to him coming back
if they can make it work on a one-year deal.
Imagine getting some truth serum in him
and hearing what he actually thinks of Bruce Cassidy
now that he's coming back.
He must have been like, nope, I'm done until he's gone.
And then he's gone and we got Krejci back.
It's insane.
Has that came out as to why he left?
I mean, I'd imagine now that he's gone
and now he's considering coming back,
it's got to be part of the reason.
Weaksy, no?
Yeah, that's kind of what I've heard from different players
and different people around the league.
And Butch Cassidy's an excellent coach.
I think he did a really good job.
And when he came up from the P Bruins up to the show,
I think he did a really good job with that group the biggest challenge not only with him but i think with a lot of coaches
and i've heard you guys say this before players are different today man you know what i mean it's
not yo it's not our time it's not it's not us being young guys like i'm 47 i play with guys
that are 62 63 same age as my in-laws.
Like literally, you know what I mean? Like seriously, like it's so random.
That's how old the league was. The league was ancient before old spice,
brute 33, Aqua Velva. Some guys are rocking.
Talking my language now.
CCRA. I was like, yeah, that's me right there, dog. But, but no, it's true.
Like that's how old the league was. You guys know,
but now you guys are seeing these kids at bcbu you're out there on the west coast uh biz you're seeing kids that are that played in vancouver whatever now they're in the league you're seeing
guys like austin matthews you knew since he was a kid skating with you next thing you know he's in
the show lighting it you know what i mean like so've got to find a way to be able to relate to today's players.
And I say this all the time.
Players are the product.
Fans are the customers, but players are the product.
You've got to be able to relate to today's players.
That's something that's important for every coach.
Weeksie, back to Krejci now.
Does he still have to clear waivers when he comes back?
I know that they mentioned that last year.
And why do they have that rule? If a guy's contract is up he plays overseas why why does he still have to clear waivers coming back to the nhl yeah the re-entry
waivers yeah so i guess that's just it's a means of being able to prevent teams from using that
loophole okay right because think about that like teams teams could use that loophole pretty
regularly if not and you could have a guy that you kind of have a shame man i guess i know you're over there
in sweden you want to come back you know what i'm saying yeah all of a sudden they come back over
you and there's no re-entry you can just slide them in as long as you can fit them into your cap
so i think it's more of a preventative measure that way but the fact that he's a free agent now
and he's completely free he's not under contract from his club team across the pond now he's a complete ufa again um that's my understanding
so we saw the big deal um to bring kit goes to ottawa that's got to make it a little easier for
them with this claude geroux talk right i mean you hear about that you hear about florida
possibility what are you hearing for for the former captain of the Flyers? I was just
texting with G, man. Redbeard G the other
day. He's like, Redbeard
G is like, Vixie, I have no clue what I'm doing.
I believe
them too. It's the same thing with Johnny
Hockey. I think a lot of these
guys are so
overwhelmed by the opportunities that
are out there now and how many
options that they have
that you know what i'm saying it's like being in the show and going to the steakhouse you got the
you got the amex and you're like do i want the crab do i want the filet the demonico the lobster
like what do i want that's kind of how these guys are now what a house exactly i've never been
through it exactly that's right that's like holy shit i haven't even because
they all they all re-signed and and it's just like now i'm like holy shit i i do think that
the day it sounds so stupid because you're being offered millions and millions of dollars but i do
think the day that ufa opens for a lot of people it's hard because you don't totally hard you're
you're panicking you're like it's a win-win no matter what happens. But what if I make the wrong choice?
What's going on here?
It's just a difficult decision.
So guys are probably, and they also know you're coming on checklist.
You probably be breaking news.
They're not telling you shit right now.
Well, that's one of the things he said.
He's like, you probably know before me.
I'm like, well, help me know before you.
Don't just say that.
It's a nice compliment.
It's flattering, but help a brother out here.
Help me help you help you help me. So basically, yeah, no, he honestly was pretty just unsure
of where he's going to go.
And I think that's a big part of it too is can he go to Ottawa
because he has an off-season home in Ottawa?
Of course.
How much better now they get to bring cat who's money?
I can't believe Chicago traded him, but that's another combo we'll get into that we'll get into that later sorry for the sorry for the
fans that are in shy town right now uh that's a whole different come on they had a dynasty for
crying out loud you did deal with a few few years of uh but that's your young but that's your best
young player and the way the dynasty ended like that dynasty could have continued to at least be competing.
Like talk about just like,
it's going back to 06 when I came in the league and there was 4,000 people
there and the games weren't on TV.
A hundred percent.
People did.
Yeah.
Like, bro, honestly, it was a cave in there.
You saw bats flying around the United center.
You saw the MJ statue out front, but then you got inside.
You saw the bats flying around.
Adrian Aquin told us he could yell. You saw the MJ statue out front, but then you got inside. You saw the bats flying around. Well, you can see.
Yeah.
Adrian O'Quinn told us he could yell at his kids in the stands if they're misbehaving when he was on the bench.
What a good man Oki is too.
Oh, he's the best.
Yeah, Oki's class.
Hey, you're bringing up a defenseman there.
I'd say that the market for D-man is probably the thinnest we've
seen in a long time the only real name that jumps out to you is probably clingberg um in in any any
word on where maybe he ends up and maybe some interest on other guys from the back end but
as i said it's pretty thin i could read off a few more names manson's a nice manson's gonna be nice
he's nice letty ben charotte alex edler ian cole but i mean like these aren't
like you know these aren't some massive massive names that are really going to change things
around yeah they're not necessarily franchise ones but they're all good in their own way
especially manson i remember breaking the deal for him uh this past spring when he got traded
in colorado traded for him i literally came up there and broke it outside the building.
I'm like, they're getting a nice piece in him. He can skate,
he can handle the biscuit. He's tough. He's long, he's rangy and he can fight.
So I think between him and Klingberg, obviously Klingberg,
the premier offensive defenseman of all those guys, to your point,
where do I see him going? That's a great Klingberg specifically.
It's a more complicated one because I see Manson potentially going back to back to Anaheim excuse me yeah I could see I could see
him going back there I know he loves it there I know his wife's from there she loves it there
so the family tie plus the fact he played there his whole career except for you know this this
stint with Colorado so that remains one to watch
because I could see him going back there.
As far though as Klingberg, great question.
I don't know where I see a team that's thirsty enough
to pay him maybe the eight, eight and a half sheets
that he wants and that he's earned
by way of his production and his skill.
I don't know who the fit is right now based on the market now.
And here's what I'll tell you that.
Remember, some teams, fellas,
some teams aren't going to re-sign their own RFAs,
their own restricted free agents.
You know what I mean?
And some teams might have to move on from some of them as a result too.
So if you move on from some RFAs,
that opens up some more cap dollars for you.
So I'm curious to see what that could look like for him.
But top of mind and in terms of me, you know, working the phones all the time, I've not heard one or even two concrete destinations for Klingberg quite yet.
I think that it's been long said Seattle would be a team that would have a ton of interest.
said Seattle would be a team that would have a ton of interest.
And my thing is, I think,
I think it will be a weaker team because the money he wants and he's going to get,
I don't think you're paying that to a guy on a cup contending team who
probably isn't really saying he's not top four might not be fair,
but he's a straight up power play specialist.
And I don't know if you can afford to pay a guy that much on a really deep,
good defense that already is going to have money tied up everywhere else.
So I think it's going to be a weaker team that,
that can spend money and looks to really have a guy just run the power play.
Yeah. That makes a lot of sense. You're right.
Cause you start thinking about any of the, you know,
can he go to Washington? They don't need it. You know what I mean?
Yeah. I'm looking at some of those.
So much dough and then he's going to want that seven years, I'm sure.
Or he's going to push for a seven-year term.
So I like your call about Seattle.
That makes a lot of sense.
They're trying to solidify their group.
Maybe you pair him and Vince Dunn on that top PP unit.
I could see that.
I could definitely see that.
Because aside from that, it's true.
Aside from that, and I don't know if you guys top of mind,
where else do you see him going? I don't see him going does he go to montreal maybe maybe maybe as another one of those
teams one thing about montreal that we know is they've had a long history of having european
players in their team too right like certainly since since the late 80s they've always had
european players on their team montreal is kind of like a quasi-european vibe city here in north america so that that could
be a fit for him they're seattle just spitballing yeah and just going back to that john john gibson
comment about him going over to the leafs now his agent did come out and completely shut that down
right yeah i saw that he said that he does not want to go play for the toronto maple he's very happy with anaheim right now so just you hearing that you do you believe it do you
think that there's no way he ends up in to i i think so here's the one thing i'm just looking
down at my phone to see if there's any news here's the one thing i said this last night
i was talking to a club owner a team owner last night here's the one thing that i'll say about pro sports
you've got to know how to sell you got to know how to recruit and i'm not saying that any team
doesn't i just think a big part and i was talking to an agent last night too a big part of getting
players is you got to have relationships man and you got to be able to close. Don't look at
yourself, pardon me, as being an NHL outfit or an NHL organization. Look at yourself as being
University of Michigan, BU, Oregon, any of these big schools, Alabama, Nick Saban, and being able
to sell people on coming. Do you know what I'm saying? And not only players, but also scouts,
trainers, everybody's all a huge part of
it. You know, assistant coaches, you need goalie coaches. You got to be able to sell people.
And I'm not suggesting that they weren't able to sell John Gibson, but just in general,
in the overall thing, especially since free agency is coming on Wednesday in a couple of days,
it's really important to be able to sell people to want to come to your organization.
it's really important to be able to sell people to want to come to your organization, make sure that you over deliver on how you treat them,
how you treat the families when they're there,
the friends when they're there, sometimes there's some special needs.
Sometimes there's some unique family situations.
There's no salary cap on that part of it.
That's all about hospitality and people skills 101. You know what I mean?
So I think that the teams that do a really good job of that in any sport
that are able to get those free agents or entice trades,
they're light years ahead of other clubs because their ability to sell
and to recruit, like they say in college sports.
Like the Coyotes.
What do you got, Ari?
I want to bring up Andre Palat, Tampa Bay forward.
I know everybody was assuming that they were saving money to sign him, but it looks like he's going to go to market. I meanat, Tampa Bay forward. I know everybody was assuming that they were, you know,
saving money to sign him, but it looks like he's going to go to market.
I mean, does Tampa Bay keep this guy?
He was an absolute stud for them and the play.
Not just the players this year.
I mean, he's kind of been a low key weapon for them for the last few years,
but does he stay in Tampa?
Honestly, I had something on that last night and I couldn't get it confirmed.
And I've been trying all day.
I was literally up till five in the morning,
which I'm not a real big sleeper, but...
Join the club.
Yeah, right, exactly.
I wake up, I roll over at like 10, 10 something.
I called a couple of people close to it.
Nothing to report.
I was, what's going on?
I need to not pull out.
No, we see nothing to confirm.
Can't say no, no, no.
So I haven't been able to get it updated, boys.
But I heard, I had something on it
last night but so far today from people that are close to the situation I can't get any confirmation
on it but I love Palat because he's a Swiss army knife player and in the playoffs he's even better
than regular season he's a gamer it seems to me though that he's kind of a little bit of a
Bill Belichick style thank you so much for everything but we're seeing you
as on the back nine i know it sounds crazy for what he's done but if you look at what he's going
to get and like how that team's going to have to really continue to compete moving forward with
who's already getting the dough yeah i don't know you know it's it's somebody who you look is it's
a depreciating asset as crazy as it sounds it It's a business. And that might be the play there in terms of what he wants.
It could be,
you're right.
Like,
and depending on term,
right.
So he can go to,
obviously they're not going to do eight.
I shouldn't speak for them,
but I don't think they're going to do the eight years with him.
No.
So do they do,
do they do three or four?
I think they would,
I would guess three or four,
but he's probably like,
I want six.
He's like,
I want six or seven.
Somebody might pay me because we've been, you know because he's been to all those finals with that group.
Hey, you know what?
Just went to three straight cups.
We won two.
Can somebody in the market give me a seven-year or give me a six-year?
But here's the one thing, too, is unless he's joining a team that's a legit contender,
so is he going to Washington Washington
has some space especially with Backstrom being injured with the surgery Tommy Wilson coming off
a knee surgery could he go to Washington right I'm just looking at contending teams Boston's
going to have a ton of space with the injuries that they have at the start of the year could
he go to Beantown I don't know I'm just looking at some of these potential teams that are really
good clubs in the East,
not limited to the East.
Does Edmonton, if they can't get Evander Kane,
do they sign Palat?
Would he go to Edmonton?
I don't know.
But here's the one thing I know if I'm Palat,
and I know this Tampa sweet boys.
Yo, Tampa sweet.
The body feels nice every day.
You're playing for Coop. coop the boys you have an unreal group
down there their owner is one of the best in sports no state tax there we go yeah right there's a
great spot uh weeks i want to circle back to chicago like you mentioned a few minutes ago like
you know i know there's been different gms involved but they're selling pots having a fire sale right
now jones is going into his first year of this eight-year deal,
9.5 million a year.
What are they doing in Chicago right now?
What the hell is going on with the Blackhawks?
I'm going to do what the kids do.
You know how kids do that?
Oh, no.
I don't really know what they're doing there, to be honest.
Okay, so if you're trying to strip it down
and try to recoup as many assets as possible, like maybe you're going the route of what Arizona has and biz could speak to that more accurately because he's there.
But the challenge is Chicago being the market that it is. And yes, biz made the point earlier that, you know, they won their three cups in this era but the challenge is right now i don't a i don't really know their identity b i don't really know what their plan is and c
those two things make it a little bit confusing to me do you know what i'm saying like i'm confused
by where they are you've got the great patrick kane gonna go down as the best mark and born player
at least i think to this point you got kaner you got taser two legends statues Kane going to go down as the best of Mark and born player. At least I think to this point, you got Kaner, you got Taser,
two legends statues are going to be out front of the United center for them
when it's over. Have you really communicated the plan to them?
Cause you remember when they traded Hagel at trade deadline, they're like,
Oh, we're going to talk to them. We're going to talk to them.
And you could tell by Taser's comments that they didn't even talk to him.
He was blindsided by it. caner seemed blindsided by it you heard caner's comments the other day when they
traded the cat who's his best friend to break it so all that to say fellows i am very confused by
what they're doing there i'm hyper confused by what they're doing there i have no idea what's
going on in chicago i don't know i don't know what
to tell you if i'm a fan there i'm just so so furious i know biz says they had the success
but it shouldn't have ended this quickly and this abruptly and when you look and when you look at
so bowman is the one who gives seth jones the deal and and and and that's him he's like we
gotta make the playoffs i'm trying to save my job here.
New guy comes in. He's like, all right, well,
we're completely rebuilding this, but how do you get rid of Seth Jones?
Like, do you even want to, he didn't sign up for this really. I mean,
he's getting plenty of dose. You have no say anymore,
but then the cane and tapes thing it's, it's so bizarre.
But if Patrick Kane's playing for the Blackhawks come opening night,
I will be beyond shocked beyond because how can he agree to do this and go through with this with with he's still in his prime but it's it's it's not gonna last forever I can't be wasting
years like this unless he loves it he's that loyal and he forever wants to be a hawk but
shocking to me if that's the case yeah exactly i agree if listen i can't speak
for caner i've spoken to him numerous times i've gotten to know him really well meet his parents
he's you know a really good cat matured so much young father he's got father now he's got so much
future hall of fame lock i love patty cane i love what he brings to the table game to game day to
day bro i've said this just across the hudson as i look
out the freaking window get him to nyc oh no i say buffalo i see he's going to save you say he's
going back home to buff he's going back home all the sabers fans all the sabers fans are the
are in the anchor bar right now listen to this i just want them to give me hugs when we show up
to buffalo in two weeks for the next week hey well make sure you go to anchor bar when you're
there make sure you go to lenovo everybody always cracks on me but i love lenovo pizza
and wings there or the anchor bar there the original home of the buffalo wing all that to
say it would be incredible if he gets traded back home incredible like that's that's stuff of hollywood for sure that's rumor boy stuff though nyc i'm
with you to see him on broadway him on broad day his name on the marquee out front of the garden
you kidding me all the taxis going nuts blurring the horns people walking up to the garden
fans coming from everywhere coming up under penn station coming through the manhole the sewer
covers and everything what like the Like the Nerds Turtles?
Bro, I think that'd be fire if Patty Kane signs
and gets traded, excuse me, to the Rangers.
But of course, they've got to move some money around,
but they're not going to be resigning Strom.
But also remember, Patty Kane, Panarin,
and Artie Anissimov were the best line
in the National League when they were together in Chicago.
So uniting him with Kaner, and Kaner generates offense like a center,
even though he's a winger anyways.
So I think he'd be sick here in New York.
Another name I want to bring up, we see Mike Greer was named GM
of the San Jose Sharks, first black GM in NHL history.
Kudos to him, a hell of an accomplishment.
What do you think some of the ripple effects of that will be like having a
black GM in an office?
What are some of the ripple effects you'll see with not only the Sharks,
but maybe with other organizations going forward?
First of all, Whit, thank you so much for getting me Grizzly's number.
First of all, so thank you for that. You're kind enough to share that.
And, you know, I've been speaking about it the last three days.
It's almost,
you can almost get emotional talking about it because it's so monumental for our sport.
And the fact that he's the first one and he's made it happen.
As I said, I've been saying, I'll say it again.
It's like a man landing on the moon, really.
It is because we've never seen it in 105 years in NHL hockey.
It seemed even for me and interviewing for some of these positions as i talked to you
guys about last time it seemed that and seems uh that it's always well we're not sure well maybe
well you might well yeah and in this case you had somebody in chris drury so props to drew
because they're boys too from from bu and beanown. And Drew co-signed for him.
Drew's like, yo, man, you're in our organization.
I want you here in our organization with the Rangers.
And of course, you had to know that Drew co-signed
for him getting the job in San Jose.
So props to Drew and his open-mindedness too.
He's done an amazing job in New York, of course.
And then for Griersy to go there to San Jose
and ultimately get the job,
what I think it does is it kind of legitimizes and not that it should,
because obviously we have the hockey.
We're not coming from auto parts and working at Pep Boys.
All of a sudden we're like, hey, can we run an NHL team?
Hey, can we, you know what I'm saying?
Like it's been, for me, I've been in the sport for 41 years.
Like I'm kind of a subject matter
expert right and the same thing for you guys and for him but it it really legitimizes that
for him to have earned this opportunity and it gives a lot of credibility and I think also
for the people that might have been a little bit scared or a little bit unsure or maybe even on the continuum
more over on the side of being closed-minded or racist.
I think this is open-minded material for them to say,
hey, man, San Jose did it.
Mike Greer's a great guy.
He's earned this.
Amazing to see for the league.
And maybe it's something that we can do as a franchise too.
So I don't think he's the first. I don't know that he's going to be the last but I hope with him opening
that door I hope that opens the door because here's the thing with you guys too and I've told
you guys this with your pod you guys don't know the reach that you have and the impact it has on
people do you know what I'm saying like I went you know I've told you in a biz I think I told
you this in Miami my father-in-law's got pink Whitney and he has it in the freezer at our house in Miami
and he's from Fort Capel in Saskatchewan they live in Calgary now they're at our when they're
at our place in Miami or their place in Key Biscayne they've got frozen pink Whitney there
so you never know the impact of what you're doing and how that impacts other
people and i think it's the same thing with grizzly not only for people that look like us or on on our
part of the color wheel but in general it just opens possibilities to everybody and it opens
hearts and minds i think it's amazing that's awesome well we see you know you might be the
next black black person to be a gm in theL, and then you're going to be motherfucking all these insiders like yourself
who are breaking trades before you can tell one of your guys.
No, he'll still be doing the videos, but just for his own team.
Exactly.
He'll have a fucking mask going behind him.
It's not weak.
That's how he's going to break it to the guy's agents
and his own guys on his team.
That would be fire.
Pack your shit, just like Commie would say.
Get the fuck out of here.
That would be fire.
That would be fire, though.
I know we touched on it earlier about how you started these videos.
Is there a possibility that you break something on our podcast here today?
Is there anything in your phone that has not been released
to the public that you could share with our following yeah the the closest one the closest
one right now is the creche to bean town i'm told it looks like it's going to be a one-year deal
that's what's on the table right now it seems like it's close they're working really hard on
it to bring them back to boston right now as far as the palat one i'm working on something there but nothing official on palat
right now okay so those are the two hottest ones that i have in the hopper right now and i don't
think and then i'm sorry and sorry i mentioned this on twitter but i'll say it on here since
since i'm on with you guys and the crew doug wilson., the San Jose Sharks have moved on from Doug Wilson Jr.,
who was their director of scouting there in San Jose.
So they've moved on.
They've relieved him of his duties.
And that's rather breaking.
I think I put it out like an hour ago,
but that's some off-ice news to report.
And, I mean, he does have his work cut out for him too, Grazy,
with the situation.
That was odd the way they waited so long.
I mean, they knew they were bringing a new GM, but then they wait this long,
then fire the coaches. And it just, it's a place that needs some cleaning up.
Huh? Yeah, it does need cleaning up from that standpoint. And look, man,
I always say this, right. We're in the people business.
I think a lot of times people forget that and we're not, you know,
we're not coal, we're not oil, we're not whatever. And in any business,
there's an element of people, but especially in the world of sports.
This starts for kids and families that are freaking novice, man.
Squirts, peewee, Adam.
You know what I mean?
This isn't just out of left field.
And even at the show level, you got to treat people properly.
I'm a big proponent of that.
I always said that.
And I try to do that every day.
I was raised that way.
But we're in the people business. And people lose that touch and some organizations lose that
feel and look man people talk that's the hard part you guys know the boys are always talking
you know what I mean it's the same thing in ladies hockey I hear it all the time I've been
different ladies when they come into work with us whether it's Hillary Knight whether it's so
and so whether it's so and so hey what's going on what's going on kendall coin hey what's going on casey what's
going on on the u.s women's team what's that you know what i mean we all talk that's how it goes so
you got to treat people properly and i love your point i think grizzy i think anyway i think he'll
do a much better job of that with him having been in the league as long as he has all right any other
any other names people want to follow?
People who are listening to the pod won't understand what I'm talking about,
but those masks behind you, are they all from former goalies?
Yeah, yeah.
The one on the right there looks like a Ron Hextall or something?
Yeah, they're all former goalies.
That's the Bernie Perrant.
I've got Bunny LaRock, Ken Dryden, Wayne Thomas, New York,
that's the Bernie Perrant I got Bunny LaRock Ken Dryden Wayne Thomas New York uh Jilly Gilbert Wayne Thomas Toronto Kenny Dryden Jules Gritton down behind me and some more are on order so we're
just getting it set up right now but you know I grew up it's cool because this part of our basement
like where I'm at is kind of like main rec room over here and then some gym equipment on the left
side and then the other gym and other stuff back that way. But the cool part about it is, is, you know, when I see these, when I see these every day,
it just kind of reminds me of where I've come from, you know, and where I started and just like
the hope and the dream and dreaming big and wanting to do something big and playing the show
and make the show and, and live my dream and help my family and take my family to the something big and play in the show and make the show and and live my dream and help my family
and take my family to the next level and all those amazing things and have fun and do your life's
work so i think that's a big part of it for the pod boys where you know for a lot of our listeners
that are out there and a lot of the amazing fans as i told you guys there's people that are going
to be tuned into this in rome in athens greece in athens Georgia, Mini, Canmore, whatever,
BC, Dallas, Arizona, you name it, right?
Like people, and I'm not saying this to be whatever,
there's probably some hockey fans
that are in the Ukraine
that are probably even listening to this.
You know what I'm saying?
Like to put it in perspective.
So I never like to lose sight of those things
and, you know, the journey
and where you've come from.
Everything to me, I echo Gretz,
everything that my family and I have, I owe to the game.
Do you know what I'm saying? So I always try to keep that,
that perspective and be real about that. So anytime I see these,
it's always just like, yeah,
that's the kid that was collecting hockey cards and playing road hockey and
just dreaming of doing big things,
especially even though you didn't look like a lot of the guys that were
playing, but the dream was so big that,
and I had the great support that really pushed me to go beyond that.
So that's a big part of it.
Well said.
Thanks boys.
Thank you.
We appreciate you coming on as always keep breaking news and we'll be,
we'll be watching out for these free agent news, breaking coming from you in a barber chair or on the subway.
Who knows where it's coming from.
Fixing the furnace down in the basement.
If I fix the furnace in the basement, the house is going to burn down.
You better edit that out of the pod.
Our insurance company is going to be like, who's this Muppet with four left hands trying to fix this thing?
Thanks, boys. I appreciate you, man. Always a pleasure with four left hands trying to fix this thing. Thanks, boys.
I appreciate you, man.
Always a pleasure, Weeksy.
Our pleasure, buddy.
Love you, boys.
Keep up the great work, man.
You guys are crushing.
Huge thanks to Weeksy for joining us, man.
He's the best.
Love having him on.
Great guy to chat with.
He's been crushing it with the break and stories and everything.
Let you know that his interview is also brought to you by our friends at Labatt Blue.
There's a little bit of Canadian kindness in every sip of Labatt blue light.
How did it get in there?
They're Canadian.
That's how you spread the love yourself by sharing a Labatt.
When you share a Labatt,
you're not just sharing a beer.
You're sharing an experience that'll pair with anything from hockey to a
hoedown.
So next time you're watching a game with your buds,
be sure you share a Labatt because you might not root for the same team,
but you can all enjoy a Labatt blue light together.
Boston was working with Labatt all year,
and we have some exciting content coming up.
So grab a blue light and enjoy Labatt, the pristine Canadian pilsner.
Share a Labatt.
Don't have to twist my arm to share a Labatt.
Stuff is awesome.
If you're not drinking it, you should get on it. Dynamite beer.
All right. We talked a week, see about a bunch of free agent stuff.
What's going on. We've got to circle back to the Blackhawks.
We did mention the Kirby doc.
I don't think we really got into the Debrinkit stuff too much.
They did send their sniper Alex Debrinkit to Ottawa for Ottawa's first this
year, which was number seven overall second rounder.
And the third rounder in 2024 i mean to
bring it he's 24 years old heading into the final year of his deal that carries a 6.4 million dollar
cap with a nine million dollar salary he's going to be restricted after that but assuming he re-ups
in cal uh ottawa boys i'll go to you first with did the sense get did the sense swindle the hawks
here or what on this deal it seems so i I just, the years he had 241 goal seasons
and like the ability he has to score and create.
And I mean, what they gave up in picks, right?
You just hope you would easily trade those
to maybe get one player in the draft, right?
If you had those three picks,
you're hoping for maybe maybe a player like
like to bring it and now it's just like Chicago is so confusing I know we just talked about it
with Weeksy but it's like how pissed off are you if you're a fan of that team if you're on that team
and a core and a core player and now you lose a guy who granted obviously they either didn't want
to resign him couldn couldn't resign.
And they're looking at the organization and now you see, all right, well,
this is full blown, blow it up. Awful, awful asset,
asset management leading up to all of this.
And now you just lose a guy who's really kind of become one of the best goal
scorers. I mean, I guess you could say in the league, I mean,
he's not the greatest goal scorer in the league,
but when you think of guys who can just put it in the net,
Ottawa stole him.
They just grabbed him from Chicago.
And when I saw the trade, I wondered if there'd be players in return.
You just see the picks.
You're like, just stuck shaking your head the same way we talked about it.
What do you got?
I'm like, maybe Patrick Kane was considering ending his career
as a Chicago Blackhawk, but they're just trying to get rid of any type of player
that he might want to play with to piss him off to eventually waive his no-move clause.
Wow.
100.
Yeah, not a bad theory at all.
We're going to get so fucking bad that you don't want to play here,
and you're going to waive your no-move clause so they can get a return for him and taves and they can really start from
scratch now you guys mentioned it but it wasn't it wasn't really the guys in charge who did it
was the move to get seth jones over that's the last one that's going to hurt you and i have a
hard time believing that they're going to get rid of that contract because if i'm not mistaken it
wasn't the current gm who signed him to that deal, was it?
It was Bowman.
It was Stan Bowman.
I feel like everyone's really focusing on Chicago here.
While Ottawa's kind of building a sneaky good roster here.
I mean, Brady Kachuk, Tim Stutzel, Josh Norris, Alex Dabrinkit,
Drake Batherson, Jake Sanderson, Thomas Chabot.
Like they're building something here.
Absolutely.
They just try to find a contender. R.A.'s going to bet him to win the cup again. Fuck yeah. anderson thomas chabot like they they're they're building something here absolutely they can still
just try to find that tender yeah r.a is gonna bet him to win the cup again yeah i can hit issues
uh the hawks also acquired goalie peter marazic and toronto's first pick this year number 25 overall
uh for chicago's second round pick uh the leafs shed three and a half 3.8 million dollars in
salary they had to give up their first but it was only really a 13-pick difference.
It was more or less a salary dump.
Mrazek, right now, the only signed goalie on the Chicago roster.
He's got two more years left at 3.8 million.
So, like I said, who knows what this team is doing.
We just talked a week about it.
But moving right along here, we're going to go over to Philadelphia.
They traded for Tony D'Angelo's rights from Carolina,
and then they signed the defenseman to a two-year, 10 million deal.
He will be unrestricted when the deal expires.
Now, Philly got a seventh back with Tony D'Angelo,
but they also gave up a fourth this year, a third next year,
and a second the following year.
Now, he was going to be a restricted free agent,
but did Philly still pay too much just for the negotiations?
And in the fact that they only locked him in for two years,
I'll be honest, guys.
I thought after the season he had,
despite maybe the issues that have gone on in the past,
that he was going to get a long-term deal,
which with his play, I think he deserved it.
But maybe with what happened, he doesn't have much leverage.
But for Philly to just go out and give up those picks
in order to sign him when not waiting, I don't know.
Maybe they thought that they didn't want to
like you would think that D'Angelo would know
if he would have had better options, I guess, by now in free agency,
but maybe not enough people were calling
and they want to stay away from him
where that was the only thing that he could muster up
was 10 million over two years.
Now, you got to be shocked at the amount that he got.
Yeah, I did.
But I remember at one point in the year,
I think you did mention about a huge payday
and a long-term deal he'd get.
Gee, you can look it up.
I think I said, I don't think so.
And there's just a kind of,
there's a thought about him around the league
where it's hard to commit really long-term to him.
It has nothing to do with his play. What a season. he had 51 points in 60 games or 64 games whatever he was so good
with the puck offensively he had a great playoff too and i just think that after what he's been
through it teams aren't going to commit long term so it sucks for him to have to continue to have to
prove himself year after year which you do have to do to play in the nhl and earn your money but i i just i kind of saw this coming it's like i do think though
that kevin hayes brought up how great of a teammate he is and you ask a lot of guys that
have played with them they love them and so i think then obviously there was a reporter who
said well don't don't forget kevin hayes follows barstool Sports. It's like, all right, here we go.
And then she deactivated her account, of course.
I won't even say her name, absolute clown.
But people love him in the room, and he plays with passion,
and that's why it's one thing.
How's he going to fit in with Torts?
I bet you Torts loves him.
I'm sure there'll be times Torts gets furious, right,
when he's screaming at the ref and his temper takes over on the ice occasionally,
but he competes.
So when you look at a guy that Torts once on his team, he's a competitor.
He's great with the puck and run the power play.
And now, you know, you're seeing Philly try to turn things around.
And that's a guy who will at least bring energy to every single night.
Yeah. Plus he can kill it there for two years and then he's unrestricted, man.
If he, if he does, if he didn't Philly this next two years,
when he just didn't Carolina, man, he'd be looking at it.
Then he's getting an absolute payday. And then I think he'll only be 28
too. And if he
kind of keeps his nose clean and behaves, I think he'll get
further away from those issues or reputation
or whatever you want to call it.
I think the
first one back in juniors, yeah, that was a long time
ago. He seems to have made amends
or have remorse about it.
He was a good citizen in Carolina. I know there were concerns when he got there among some of the fan base but you know the guys he's he's behaved since then so you can't
you can't fucking uh crucify the guy forever he's been well behaved and if he continues to do that
he'll make a lot more money all right moving to colorado we did talk about um george ev uh with
weeks he he actually signed a three year 10.2 million deal, 3.4 million a year.
It's a nice price for Colorado.
They did trade the Rangers, their third and fifth-round picks this year
and a third next year for the exclusive negotiating rights.
But it seems like Colorado, they didn't really have any problems
letting Kemper go, Biss.
They're just like, all right, thanks for the cup,
but we think we can adequately replace you.
I think with the way that they defend and they drive offense that if you get above average goaltending they have another chance to win another cup next year and and probably for
more years to follow so with with what francois was able to do when kemper did go down in playoffs
maybe that allowed him to just understand that hey we could we can move on from this guy we can lock in the you know the guys up front who can keep driving and and we can move on and still
compete so i was surprised i thought that they were going to try to get something done but with
with where kemper's at and i'm sure where his agent knows the market is i think he's like hey
you got your cup you did a hell of a job. You battled through the eye injury. Now let's go get you some generational wealth,
which as you saw during the interview with Weeksy,
it's slim pickings when it comes to goaltending.
It is slim, slim pickings.
And if I'm Darcy Kemper,
where do you think the landing spot is, guys?
I know that Washington has a very small window here
to win another stanley cup
they just didn't have the goaltending that they needed um and who else went who do you i would
love i would love to know what edmonton would be willing to offer darcy kemper and now now money's
obviously an issue in edmonton up up against the cap at times but i i mean they need a goalie dude
right i mean you're you're legit
calling him tomorrow and just saying like this is what we have this is what we need
so so considering we're on to edmonton a very similar situation with um
uh that philly just had with locken and tony d'angelo where i'm hearing evander kane uh three
years at 4.25 out of Edmonton.
That was their offer, right?
That was their offer.
And, you know, maybe with some of the things that have gone on in the past,
there's another superstar-style player that can't really look at longevity
as an option unless somebody else comes in over the top.
And with goaltending, Jack Campbell's name did pop up for Edmonton.
Obviously, he wants a pay raise based on what he was making the last couple years,
but there's no way he'd be near what Darcy Kemper's making.
Who would you rather?
Well, I would rather have Darcy Kemper,
but if you're talking about what they're probably potentially going to earn,
I'd rather have Jack Campbell.
You think that Kemper's going to make that much more than Campbell?
I think that Jack Campbell would get a deal about four years times 4 million.
And I think that Darcy Kemper is probably looking at six years times six.
Okay.
So, yes.
I know what you're saying.
I think in terms of money, then, if that would be the contract scenario,
I'd rather edmonton get
campbell yeah and and with with edmonton you're you have a lot of areas to address where you know
you're talking about colorado yeah you just got to find a competent goaltender but edmonton you
need to you know you need to edit the defenseman you got to make sure you lock in probably a couple
more forwards and of course a goaltender so you can't really snap a lot of money around to one position.
You got to be smart about how you handle things.
So let's see how Ken Holland's able to weasel his way through this free agency
because, guys, I think this is coming  moving forward,
this is the most pivotal year as far as McDavid and Dreisaitl.
If they take a step back and don't reach to where they got this year,
the conference finals, at some point,
you got to think these guys want to move on and go win somewhere else.
No?
Yeah.
If they were to make another run, yeah,
if you lost in the second round, like, in a bad way, yeah,
if they got to the conference finals, again, that'd be legit.
I just  I know what you're saying, though.
It's like, all right, if they were to ever take a step back and then they're like fighting to get into
playoffs then you're looking at like holy shit will this ever change well you're you're losing
your best goal score based on games played and what he was able to accomplish uh you're losing
duncan keith because he just announced his retirement and the goaltending is still a
question mark so i think
that there's a lot of issues to address in edmonton despite how much quote-unquote at least they have
some money though with with cassie and gone and keith retirement there is some money there and
the cane situation is just so different because having this success there i think any other time
a guy's really looking i'll play with conor mcdavid i'm playing with leon like but
he just the financial problems he literally needs to take the highest amount of money he gets
is that crazy to say like i'm assuming he's at the point where it's like i need to make money back
so whoever gives me the most i'm going there uh yeah you mentioned the cassian deal they sent him
to arizona for uh for picks the 31 year old
Cass and he's still got two more years left a 3.2 million dollar cap hit so yeah that's that's
significant though and while you mentioned um Duncan Keith you might as well give him his props
right now where he's retiring so congrats to Edmonton defenseman Duncan Keith three cups
two Norris trophies and a con smith uh he had a year left at 5.5 million dollars on the table I
mean that's that's a significant amount of money to leave there but you know do you think what he you know
like we said before the guy's a legend awesome player but you think it was the case of his play
kind of slipping below his maybe his own standards and just like maybe doesn't feel like he wants
that money if he's not playing to that level or am i i don't know i don't even think it's fair
actually i feel as a former player,
to even try to go into why he decided it was time.
I do really want to talk to him again
because I think we chatted with him the time we interviewed him
about him coming on after retirement
and how much more he'd maybe be willing to chat about.
And I might be misremembering that,
but I don't want to say,
because yeah, maybe his play took a step back over the last couple of couple years but he still played big minutes and he was huge for the locker
room in terms of they did get to the conference finals they got work but I mean I I can't I can't
imagine that he didn't give some serious wisdom to these guys on what it takes to win and they
weren't able to get it done but at least him being there that year you saw a professional who's going
to be in the hall of fame who's won three cups and can at least show a team what it takes day in day out throughout the
long grind of 82 games so i i you gotta shout him out i mean the career he had is so remarkable and
and looking at a guy who was always undersized and wasn't given enough credit when he was younger he
went to michigan state quick then he goes to whl and boom plays a little bit in the ahl gets the nhl i was like holy shit i don't even think the
blackhawks knew what they were getting when they drafted him i think it was second round i got
drafted in front of duncan keith you want to fucking throw up dude so um yeah congratulations
i mean that that's a first ballot hall of famer and and to see him shut it down it's like wow
you you realize everything
comes to an end because the run he had it looked like it'd never end and the oil is free up five
and a half million there but interestingly chicago gets whacked for that cap recapture penalty because
they actually spend a deal so they're gonna get whacked five and a half million this year and then
just under two million next year but given the state of the blackhawks right now that might
actually help them get to the salary cap floor.
So I don't think they're crying in their beer about it.
They're just crazy how much that franchise is.
It's going to be nuts.
They probably told them that they'd fucking pay them on the side just to get it up.
It's going to be nuts to see Chicago just United Center just empty.
Yeah.
It's just it's actually going.
I know I said this with weeks he like playing there
was something else it was like being in the ahl again in a great big old barn and now it's heading
back that way and it's just wild how all it how it all ended so quick they gotta do they gotta do
about four jersey retirements next year just to make sure they sell enough tickets oh yeah or make
or make like nine different jerseys. Like, we're wearing our alternate, alternate, alternate home red tonight.
Please come on down.
We'll give you some free popcorn and a Duncan Keith bobblehead
in an Oilers jersey.
They'd pre-ordered them for next year.
They're like, ah.
Oh, shit.
No, all the Debrinket bobbleheads are just like in the river now.
The Detroit Red Wings went out and got themselves another goalie when Stevie
Wye sent a third round pick to the Blues for Avili Huso,
then extended him with a three-year deal worth just over 14 million.
Comes out to under a little 5 million a year.
He'll join Alex Nadelkovich in the crease.
Considering the lack of goalies available in the year he had last year,
did the price seem kind of low to you, Whit?
That was a fucking steal. Steal by Stevie stevie why and the way it works out perfectly
is i'm sorry all right what is nadalkovich he's got two more years i believe so yeah so so like
biz you saw the monster in edmonton during your amazing pre-game speech it all set it all sets
up for when he's going to be ready to probably take over than that so i mean husso was so good
this year that you wonder i mean huso was so good this
year that you wonder i mean st louis is probably bummed to see him go and they have bennington
signed already but what a what a great bargain and we actually thought nadelkovich was such a
steal by eisenman last offseason and then now he brings in huso so just sick work by detroit
who granelli talks about ottawa building something detroit look out these next year or two i don't
know about this year but we we talked to Sider,
and he mentioned, here we go.
Yeah, actually, Nadelkovich, this is the last year
of the two-year deal he signed, so he'll be UFA after this year.
So also, too, the Wings brought in Bob Bugner
as an associate coach to Derek Allende
and Alex Westland as their goaltending coach.
So good luck to those guys.
The Devils acquired goalie Vitek Vanacek in a second rounder from the Caps
for second and third round picks.
The pending RFA made just over 700 grand last year.
As of press time, I don't believe he had signed with them yet,
but you can assume he's gonna,
he'll be joining McKenzie Blackwood in the crease there.
Let's see Nashville.
They sent pending restricted free agent Luke Coonan to San Jose for forward John Leonard in a third rounder at 23.
Coonan made 2.3 million in the last couple of years.
Leonard's going to be an RFA and peak at, let's see,
15 points in 58 games played over the last two seasons.
Now, of course, the Preds needed to save some dough
to keep one of their big guns, and they were able to do just that
because Philip Forsberg and the Preds were able to hammer out a deal
that'll keep him in Smashville.
He was on his bachelor party this weekend,
so he couldn't do the official signing, but it's an eight year,
68 million deal, eight and a half million dollar cap pit.
I know there was some talk about them not getting,
be able to get to a middle point, but apparently they did a business.
Is this about where you expected Forsberg to come in at 8.5 mil?
Yeah, it's where I expected it I I think
that it's it's it's high but you know that's that's what the the market and that's where it
says he is so good last year I know yeah he had such a big year at the right time and and and I
tell you what that that team with what they've done they're gonna have a chance to compete for
a few more years here uh so yeah I'm happy for the guy and i know that they wanted to keep the guy who who's been
there most of his career did he did he play at all in wash or did they get rid of him before
okay so he got there and he's played his whole career there so yeah i'm happy that they got to
keep him i just think that the price was a little bit high i i was surprised that like once they
didn't sign him and then it's like all right we're gonna trade him at the deadline once they didn't sign him and then it's like,
are we going to trade him at the deadline?
Then they didn't trade him.
I didn't think he was definitely gone.
But for the deal to end up being that,
I almost think that Nashville was lowballing him earlier
and then finally agreed to pay him because this is probably
what he was looking for the entire time.
And they wouldn't re-sign him during the season
when they were talking about trying to get this done before the deadline.
So maybe a change of heart by Nashville ownership, maybe a change of heart by nashville ownership maybe a change of heart
by forestberg in terms of not wanting to test the market i mean i've said this a long time it's like
playing in nashville is top notch everyone asked me where would you want to play if you could ever
play somewhere in the nhl nashville's in my top five the city is amazing the fans are out unreal the team's consistent
every single season and so I think when you think about testing UFA and actually having the chance
to move it's like holy shit do I want to leave here though great weather all year round so good
for the Preds fans to not lose a guy who's been there his entire career and because you're right
I mean it is a lot because he can go hot and cold but just coming off this
past season it was just a no-brainer he's gonna well yeah between between him dushane and uh and
johansson or is it joe hansen joe hansen i call him joe hansen that's just a lot of money up front
right so uh luckily they got some uh they got some young studs in that roster who can contribute
not making as much but those paydays are going to come pretty soon you saw the the one rookie they had fuck guys my brain is legit
shutting down you know and uh but hey they got mcdonough now the brain is legit shutting down
shutting down it's like it's like it's like when your phone goes slow right before it's gonna die
you know how the phone starts like you can't send a text boom dead biz right now is just blinking don't ask me another goddamn thing i'm just here to hang out
all right the wet dogs are man man what's up yeah oh nothing all right they're gonna say something
i'll say how long has it been since your last haircut obviously not too long for myself here
well it might be time to head to sport clips they've just developed a brand new super relaxing
signature scent on their perfectly steamed hot towel.
It's been formulated specifically to bring the relaxation of the MVP haircut experience up to another level.
It's something that you have to smell to believe.
Make sure when you go in there, you ask your stylist for the MVP experience.
Not only will you get to try that new scent, but you'll get the seven-aging shampoo as well smell like an mvp go to sport clips the pros and men's hair get that salad
taken care of look good take it down a dub like myself is i know we talked about many many with
weeks he just uh give a couple numbers they were able to bring the file back it was a two-year
seven million dollar deal comes out to three and a half million um so just to get that numbers up yeah get those numbers out here also let's see the
extended defenseman jacob middleton with the three year 7.35 million dollar deal uh just under two
and a half million dollar yeah that was a nice little pickup they made last year this kid kind
of come out of nowhere man now he's making himself some dough nice little story there i love it funny
yeah funny bastard with the no teeth and stuff.
I'd like to get him on the pod to chat with him.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Great.
I like DM him.
And yeah,
also to the Caprizov stuff.
We didn't bring this up,
but we see according to Mike Russo,
by the way,
terrific reporter.
He gets all the scoops with this stuff.
Apparently Caprizov twice tried to return to the United States,
but he couldn't clear into customs.
First,
he tried to leave from Dubai.
Then I guess he tried to go through the Caribbean.
And Russo seems to think it's because he doesn't currently have a work visa.
Last year, they got a waiver for these guys.
So I guess it's a problem for him this year.
And then as for the military stuff about him supposedly having a fake ID,
again, you don't know what to believe when it's coming from that portion of the world.
Nothing's been confirmed.
By that, I mean Russia.
Nothing's been by by that i mean russia nothing's been confirmed uh russo source said that he's not concerned that kaprizov could be
forced to stay in russia unless it came from one guy the asshole up top i'm talking about putin
he doesn't seem to think there's going to be a problem unless putin decides to you know fuck
with these guys which certainly isn't out of the realm of possibility because he's a psychopath
but also uh you know you don't know what to believe so right now kaprizov he's a psychopath. But also, you know, you don't know what to believe. So right now, Kaprizov is going to get back in the country,
but it seems to be more of a work visa thing.
Just weird shit, weird stories, and we'll keep our eye on it.
But when you're dealing with Russia.
You mentioned that they all got a waiver last year.
It was just because everything at the embassy was backed up
and they couldn't get them.
So the league decided, hey, everybody from overseas
who hasn't gotten clearance yet, they can come over here this year until they can get it figured out next year when
things calm down and life is back to normal so that's pretty much why he's in this predicament
did you mention how he flew over to Dubai and then of course um yeah yeah he tried to try Dubai and
then the Caribbean and and the other thing as far as the military I mean he already delayed coming
to the NHL once he re-upped with Sisker, I believe, four years ago.
So that's some players.
That's your military obligation.
Sisker, it's still the Red Army team.
So, again, you deal with a fucking psychopath dictator who can do what he wants.
And there's all kinds of moving parts here.
So hopefully all those guys can get over here.
But it's a scary time for those guys and for teams who have the rights for these guys.
It's a fucked up situation.
Well, I know some like joked about it but even at the draft like some people now staying away from russian players or at least making investments in them in the higher
rounds because of the fear of whether they can even come over here and play and what's going to
happen here in the future so really sucks for some of these kids and hopefully they're able to
resolve it all yeah because they've done nothing wrong. You know, they just stay,
they grew up in a land with a fucked up leader. So, all right.
The LA Kings locked up one of their core guys.
They signed Adrian Kempe to a four year, 22 million deal.
He's got a modified no trade cause for the last two years, career high,
35 goals to go on with along with 19 assists in 78 games last year.
What does sound about right? Five and a half mil.
Stricted guy. 78 games last year. What does sound about right? Five and a half mils.
Yeah.
Stricted guy.
Nice yell last year.
Yeah.
I think that, you know,
if he continues to show that type of goal scoring ability, he's going to get a big payday in a few years.
And in the playoffs, that first round against Edmonton,
he was phenomenal.
I mean, he's got sick wheels.
He can score.
And LA, another team, right?
Let's keep watching because this year was a surprise.
And I know, R.A., you were still upset about the coach of the year,
the Jack Adams, not going to your man who you put a big bet on.
I think L.A. is only going to look better next year.
And I think that he's a big reason that that all happened is Kempe.
We mentioned Chris Letang, talking to Weeksie as well.
Sixth year,  36.6 million dollar
deal uh full no move clause a wit like as a 35 year old guy were you surprised at the length of
the deal that latang got just you know figured they want to keep him out for a couple but six
years i know um he but biz said like he still plays at a very high level it's just about i mean
35 like you're going to 41 is there still like that recapture penalty that we're talking about with Duncan Keith?
Could they still get hit with that if you were ever retire?
Like, how does that work?
Do they still have that?
It's one of those over 35 contracts.
I know they had that rule before.
I know they've amended it.
Yeah, I'm not, I'm not 100 sure on how that works.
But yeah, that's a, that's a huge risk if he does.
I'm guessing they don't because I'd be surprised.
I don't think they give a flying fuck what's going to happen in four or five years
when it's more than likely that Crosby, Malkin, for sure now,
and Letang are going to be there.
There's going to be a rebuild, and they might even need that cap hit
to get to the floor, as you just mentioned, with the Chicago situation.
All right, one last sign to hit.
Columbus locked up defenseman Adam Boatwist with a three-year 7.8 million deal.
Comes out to 2.6 million a year.
And Mr. Grinelli, what did you have for us, my friend?
So I just saw this tweet from David Pagnotta, and it says,
if Johnny Goudreau hits the open market Wednesday as a UFA,
I'm told the New York Islanders will be one of the teams to competitively
pursue him. What do you guys think of that?
I think that that would be amazing.
And I think that...
Did I not say they're one player away?
They're one player
away from getting over the hump.
I think the Islanders are going to have
an insane bounce back year. I say
easily conference finals for them.
Oh, they were my cup chain they
were my cup pick and they i would sniff the playoffs but that was a that was a bullshit
season i still just can't believe the coaching situation and and a nice one-two punch with
maddie bozzell oh you never know what's gonna happen with him right so you gotta solidify that middle of the eyes i don't know but but from it just sounds
like jersey and islanders he wouldn't be on the team but we're hearing different things but so
who knows i can't wait to see how this breaks down i'm going to jersey going to the devil i'm gonna
guess carol i'm gonna guess carolina is where he ends up for the mentioned reasons we mentioned
earlier uh one last league note the season is going going to kick off Friday, October 7th in Prague
as the Sharks and Preds battle.
Then they're going to play again on the 8th.
And then Tuesday, the 11th, the North American portion of the schedule
will start with a pair of games.
And the season will end on April 13th.
So we're kind of back to that sort of normal NHL schedule once again.
There should be no games in June.
I know.
It'll never happen.
Or July, excuse me in
july in july i agree with you there buddy all right there are no games in july all right guys
what do we got left here before my brain i almost yeah before we get to the final portion of the
program i want to talk to you about skrill for a sec skrill is the best digital wallet for gamblers
because it was built for gamblers sophisticated Sophisticated gamblers like to use
it to manage their bankroll, whether they're playing games like poker or betting on their
favorite sports. They manage their bankroll using the wallet, which allows them to pay instantly
and securely. It's payments without limits, basically. You can access their bankroll with
instant deposits and withdrawals and also draw the cash using your prepaid card. Let's just say that Skrill is the best digital wallet for sports bettors,
so it's a no-brainer to create your free account right this instant.
Make sure to sign up at skrill.com slash barstool to create your free account
and complete the account verification by clicking follow the game after registering
so you can start using their digital wallet today.
Check it out, skrill.com slash barstool all right boys uh a few other notes here before we wrap up uh man i was
talking to whip before we started we got a rip to some um mob movie and tv show legends man james
khan played sunny from the godfather absolute legend legend of the screen. He died at 82.
And then a day later, Tony Sirico, who played Pauly Walnuts from The Sopranos,
died at 79 years old.
And, of course, Ray Liotta died a few weeks back from Goodfellas.
It's just crazy that actors portraying three of the most vital characters and three of the most vital mob movies and TV shows in American culture
have died in the last month or so.
Henry Hill, Sonny Corleone, Pauly Walnuts.
And even though we seem to lose great figures all the time every week,
it's just such a coincidence to have three of these guys in the mob world
go like this.
It's sad.
It's sad.
It's nuts.
James Caan, holy shit.
Just go through the movies that guy was in.
Just hit after hit.
And honestly, Sneaky, one of his best performances was an elf.
He was so good at that movie.
He's hilarious.
It's the guy who was like,
you're not my son.
So Godfather,
just a classic.
He was so perfect for that role.
And then watching the,
watching the show that was recently out about the making of the Godfather.
Remember I talked about that show?
Yep.
The offer.
Yeah.
And,
and they didn't,
they didn't want them, right? Like James, James Conn. I don't think they wanted them in that role. The offer. Yep, the offer. The offer, yeah. And they didn't want him, right?
James Caan, I don't think they wanted him in that role.
It wasn't their first pick, yeah.
Yeah, and then he turned out, he was so perfect.
Like the psychotic snapshot and just how it all ended for him in that movie.
So, I mean, it's crazy.
And then in terms of The Sopranos, I mean, I love how people immediately showed the episode
where him and Christopher were stuck in the woods trying to kill the Russian assassin and they shot him in the head he's like I think I got him so um
Paulie Walnut's like I mean after Tony Soprano I think he might be the second most thought of
character yeah I I've watched I've watched the Sopranos um originally and then I think just
last year maybe two years ago I re-watched it. Such a great show.
His lines is, oh my God, it's just
so funny.
I saw that
James Caan also, what was the other thing I saw
about him?
Oh, I'm drawing a blank on my
biz brain right now. I'm sorry.
Son maybe?
There was a quote from his son, Scott Caan, who by the way
was one of our... Yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes. Yeah, he had said that, you know, like James Caan quote from his son scott khan who by the way was one of our yes yes yes yes
yes yes yes yeah he had said that you know like james khan said to his son scott he said you know
my dad never told me he loved me so he made sure to tell his kid like all the time like that he
loved me and i and i can kind of relate to that because i think a lot of maybe grandchildren of
the greatest generation whose parents were boom is that yeah that generation didn't necessarily
tell their kids they loved them and you, that affects kids as they get older.
And then they realize, like, I don't want my kids to feel that way.
So they kind of pay it forward in that regard.
So that was a pretty nice thing he shared.
Also, James Caan, Misery.
I know what you haven't seen it yet.
Tremendous movie.
He plays the novelist who has an accident,
gets saved by his number one fan who then holds him hostage.
You got to watch it wherever it's streaming.
Thief is a movie I've praised a zillion times in the show, checked out out also honeymoon in
Vegas. Another one of his, uh, his great flicks.
And as far as Pauly Walnuts, this is a guy, man, he was a Y.
I mean, he was a legit wise guy back in the day.
He was doing stick up jobs on robberies. He went away.
He got arrested. I think 28 times did a couple of jail sentences.
And then he was doing, uh, when he was in prison,
there was a, an acting troop made of made of ex-cons who came to his prison.
And he got the acting bug.
And that's how he started getting into acting.
He kind of did bit parts for 20 years.
And actually, his first speaking part was actually in The Godfather Part II.
He was one of the Rosado brothers.
And then he was in Goodfellas.
But this is the role of a lifetime, man.
This just fell in his lap.
Taylor made for it.
I think his lifestyle before that plus
just the italian accent everything uh just the guy who was tailor-made for the role so we're sorry
to lose these guys and any family or friends who may be listening we send you our condolences
because there were some legends so uh thanks thanks to those guys for everything they've done
uh wimbledon did you guys catch any of the wimbledon final this guy nick kirgios i didn't i
didn't i've seen him play before He's a straight up lunatic.
And I'm pretty sure that he needs the madness to play well.
It's crazy how he acts.
And if you haven't seen him YouTube, some of this guys,
he's screaming his box.
He'll be like, he's just an absolute lunatic.
And then I didn't see the interview after,
but you said he was actually the man.
Yeah.
He, you know, he was doing that during the whole match
and it was entertaining as hell.
You know, he actually, he's crazy crazy but once the match was all the way it was like a the switch went off and he went over and he was his face was smiling he was he was congratulating joker and
walked in and then jokovic like the first two minutes of his uh you know interview right on
the court had nothing but praise for the guy made some jokes it's actually a really funny clip if
you got a minute to listen to it and how about jokovic man fourth straight time winning wimbledon only the fourth guy to ever do that like
and i'm not highly the biggest tennis guy i forget how to score it every time i watch it but
just a machine athlete man it's some of these guys if you're not a tennis fan put on these
high level matches and you just appreciate the athleticism and skill that's on display what
what what these guys do uh i know we already talked about golf, not to go back to it,
but did you catch any of the Scottish Open and what your busy weekend?
No, no, didn't really see much. It was kind of an uneventful.
I looked at the highlights and stuff. Xander Shoffley is on fire right now.
I am very fired up for the British Open, the Open Championship, waking up early.
I think the coverage starts around 5 a.m. and it's just awesome.
I mean, having the chance to golf over in Scotland, England, Ireland,
it's nothing beats it.
The Lynx playing it on the ground, the weather.
It's just so cool to see, guys.
It's July here and you turn it on and some guys love winter hats on.
So I don't know who the pick is.
That Shoffley is due to win a major and playing as well as he is right now.
I could see him getting it done.
But St. Andrews, the home of golf,
the 150th open championship with Tiger woods playing.
I'm going to be dialed in all weekend.
That's a big deal.
And another story, Greg Norman,
he was not invited to the champions dinner at the RNA at St.
Andrews. That was pretty big news. I mean,
it's pretty much a given that these guys come for,
for the champions dinner, whatever the tournament is.
But Greg Norman, no dice.
Do they not want the distraction?
Do they piss that?
And what's your take on that?
I think Greg Norman is just like the black sheep of professional golf.
He's trying to take down both the DP World Tour, the PGA Tour.
And then news breaks today that as Joe Biden's heading over to Saudi Arabia to beg for oil,
as Joe Biden's heading over to Saudi Arabia to beg for oil,
all of a sudden the Department of Justice is opening up a case against an antitrust case against the PGA Tour.
Basically looking into is what they did illegal in terms of banning
all of these players from the PGA Tour have signed on with Live Golf.
So kind of seems like an odd coincidence.
It's the fucking country first.
Yeah, what the fuck's going on?
So maybe all of these players who are on the Live Tour who can't play on the PGA Tour will be able to do both. Seems like an odd coincidence. Yeah. What the fuck's going on? So I, I,
I,
maybe all of these players who are on the live tour,
who can't play in the PGA tour,
I'll be able to do both.
There's just so much madness with pro golf right now and all the money that
the Saudis are throwing at people.
And Greg Norman is the beginning and the creator of all of it.
He's been trying to take down the PGA tour since he was still playing
actively.
And now you're seeing some true madness in terms of the RNA,
not even welcoming a former champion back.
Yeah, pretty big stuff there.
Okay, there's some other goofy news, Biz.
I know you've run out of gas, but Elon Musk will not be buying Twitter after all.
That's the latest. Who knows?
Oh, really?
Yeah, he put in the bid.
A billion bucks.
Yeah, what was it,  44 billion he was gonna pay i know no but
he he because because he didn't buy it in order to like um start the negotiations he has to walk
away from a billion dollars but he got all the information as to you know to to see and then
you know he made his conclusion that he didn't want to buy it yeah i think he wanted to know
how many of the accounts were bots and they were, you know, weren't sharing the info.
And who knows what really went on?
I just didn't I just didn't buy the whole like free speech thing.
I mean, you're talking about a service that's all over the planet.
Now, not every country has free speech, doesn't have what we have in America or Canada or other countries.
So the idea that like this is somehow free speech, I just didn't buy into it.
I mean, it's just like free speech is being able to say what you want in your country or in but it doesn't mean you can log on
to a privately owned company on a computer and just say anything willy-nilly i mean i got the
idea of it but i just never saw like it wasn't like to me like oh this is the town square it
doesn't work this the whole planet has different rules and every country is different so the idea
that we're all going to come and talk and it just never i don't know i just didn't buy to be free
speech is is something in your own country.
You don't just go on the internet and just say what you want.
I don't know.
You agree.
Disagree.
Don't give a fuck.
No clue.
All right.
What I think.
All right,
boys.
The batteries,
batteries diet.
I know biz before,
before he blanks out on his boys.
Great episode.
Lots of news to get to a huge thanks to Kevin weeks.
He's the best breaking stories all the time.
Any final thoughts before we do a Rapparooski here or what?
I don't drink a thousand drinks at a wedding on a weekend,
and that's pretty much all I have to contribute.
Unless you're taking DHM Detox.
It's Christmas in July.
Huge, huge sale this week on the Chicklets store,
barstoolsports.com slash chicklets.
All merch 20 off for Tuesday and Wednesday this week.
It's Christmas in July.
It's the gift that keeps on giving, baby.
All right, everyone.
Thanks for listening.
Can't wait for free agency.
And we will see you all next week.
And look out, Buffalo.
We're coming.
Have a good one. as always we like to thank our terrific sponsors here in spit and chiclet so a huge thanks to our
friends over at pink whitney and new amsterdam vodka big thanks to our long-time friends over
at roman check them out huge thanks to our friends at shopify give them out. Huge thanks to our friends at Shopify. Give them a whirl. Big thanks to
our friends over at Labatt Blue. Enjoy a nice
blue or blue light. Huge thanks
to our friends over at Sport Clips.
And a big thanks to our friends over at Skrill.
Check them out for your digital wallet needs.
Have a fantastic week, everybody.
