Hey, Spittin' Chicklets listeners, you can find every episode on Apple Podcasts,
Spotify, or YouTube. Prime members can listen ad-free on Amazon Music.
Hello everybody, welcome to episode 398 of Spittin' Chicklets, presented by Pink Whitney. My friends at New Amsterdam Vodka here in the Barstool Sports Podcast family.
Unrestricted free agency opened last week.
All kinds of bombs dropped, all kinds of news to get to.
But, of course, we got to say hi to the fellas first. Mikey Grinelli, huge week for you. The Chicklets Cup this week in Buffalo. What do we
got? Yeah, Chicklets Cup week is finally here. Been looking forward to this for a very long time.
Very, very, very excited. Excited to play. Excited to see everyone. But most importantly, I think I'm
most excited for our announcement that will be coming Thursday. So stay tuned to the Sticklet Social channels for that.
Will do.
Yeah, that's some big news.
I can't wait for it.
Next up, Paul, that's a different background for you.
Biz Nasty, Bissonette.
Is that a Bob Eeyore jersey I spy?
That is a Bob Eeyore jersey.
My friends here at Young Insurance in Welland allowed me to use their Wi-Fi while I'm in Welland, the dub dot, Welland, Ontario.
So big thank you to them.
Tyler Bilby, my friend who won the Sutherland Cup with the St.
Catherine's Falcons, set it all up.
What's the Sutherland Cup, like Junior B or something?
Yeah, Junior B, like the Golden Horseshoe.
And then when you win the Golden Horseshoe, you move on to like.
You get the golden shower.
You get the.
You do it.
I mean, I don't know what they're doing after the after they you do it i mean i don't know what they're
doing after the after they win the celebration with i don't know what the fuck you're up to
bringing up the golden showers but uh no i've been back home visiting with family it's been a great
time i actually did a couple pink whitney appearances i did the lake house one and the
mansion house so big thank you to their staffs all the people that showed up i tell you what these kids
they still like their fucking pictures they they love the pictures man biz so funny you brought
this up there was one kid who came up and and he was like no i don't want a picture just wanted to
say hi shoot the shit a little bit i said fuck we need more kids like you in the next generation my
friend so so just was it friday or saturday i was talking to somebody
and they were kind of asking about like our season and the trips i was mentioned we're going to
buffalo and they were like oh like everyone kind of just wants pictures now huh i was like yeah
it's like it actually drives biz kind of crazy where biz has always said to me dude i'd rather
just shoot the shit with somebody than like take a picture. Everyone wants to do the picture. Whereas I'm like, oh, the picture's quicker. I'm down to
chuck a deuces and take a pic. But you've always kind of been somebody who said, I'd rather really
sit and chat with somebody quickly than do a picture. And you're sticking to that.
Yeah, it's just I guess it's just a little bit more bizarre nowadays where everybody wants to
show people what they've done as opposed to maybe telling them i don't know if they
their friends won't believe that they they came to the pink whitney party and we just shot the
ship but i get that it's all part of it i'm not gonna go full paul mccartney on him and say
because i think that's his rule right uh right um all right i thought it was um what no paul
mccartney's rule is i ain't fucking taking
a picture i'll have a conversation with you but he he refuses to do it i hey listen i ain't i think
bill russell wouldn't sign autographs he'd have a conversation and shake your hand wow yeah do it
screams yeah i'll i'll do it all i'm just saying is i'd much rather just have a conversation i just
don't understand the picture thing especially especially when I've already gotten one.
And then they come back around where I'm like, buddy,
like how many have we taken now?
Like, can the other people maybe get one and maybe just come over and have a
little bit of a conversation. So, Hey, listen,
I'm just happy at the fact that they showed up and fully supported the pink
Whitney tour, the, the business pink Whitney expeditions,
expedition as they're calling it.
And now that
we're talking about it before your ad read on pink whitney ra uh now the western tour dates
starting tuesday august 9 baby brandon manitoba joe beavers in the afternoon august 9th that night
on the tuesday in winnipeg at underdogs aug August 10th, the next day in Regina at Ballers Rec Room in the afternoon.
Then it's off to Saskatoon at Hudson's.
And that's in the evening.
On the 11th of August, Edmonton, Brewhouse.
August 12th, Red Deer, Wind and Beyond.
I believe that one's going to be a bottle signing
and not so much of a bar appearance.
August 13th in Calgary, Wine and Beyond afternoon,
and then Brewhouse in the night.
And then August 19th in Vancouver at the local Gastown.
And then August 20th in Langley signing BCL and an evening at Sammy J's.
So I got a lot more going on as far as the Western Tour.
We have two stops at least in every single province starting in Manitoba.
So I'm excited to see all of you.
I'm excited to take pictures with you.
And once again, I want to thank everybody at Mansion House and the Lake House for the
first two appearances in Toronto.
And of course, the whole staff that helps us out with this Pink Whitney tour, including our boy G here.
You've been a fucking beast. Not only that, but lining up everything Chicklets Cup related.
And if I could just mention one thing about Chicklets Cup, this fucking nose face fucker has assembled an absolute wagon of a team.
has assembled an absolute wagon of a team he's went over to i believe one member of the greece national team a member of the italian national team like lebron he is like lebron he has he's
hated that much not only hated that much but no loyalty to the guys who helped him win not only
the first one in detroit but then he wagon hopped and brought in new guys for the one in Vegas.
And now he's completely ditched them.
He is a coward.
Terry Ryan has brought in a few new faces for our team to bolster our roster.
We have found a goaltender and we have found a guy who's been banned from national competitions for beating up a guy on the Czech national team.
Yes.
And apparently a few punches thrown at the referees trying to break up that
fight.
Buffalo chicklets cup will be the biggest fucking shit show that the ball
hockey world has ever seen.
Grinnelli the venue that you picked at Buffalo river works.
It couldn't be any more glorious.
We have two perfect roller rinks with sport court there is
a massive bar there's a huge dance floor with a stage where boston levi is going to be playing
on the friday night as well as dante djing that party is open to anyone in buffalo if you are
anywhere near the region come one come all and And you just mentioned it right before, G, about Thursday night.
This is going to be closed off, but we're going to be at the Labatt Brewhouse,
where one of the biggest announcements in Chicklets history will be announced.
Say announced one more time, you fucking idiot.
And I am super pumped for that to kick off the weekend.
We're not going to get too buckled at that with the boys,
because we have business to take care of against Noseface,
that caramel nose.
Fuck.
I think I've rambled on long enough.
I am fired up.
I'm fired up for Buffalo.
It's going to be unbelievable.
Somebody still might sucker you, too.
That'd be awesome.
I don't give a fuck as long as they show up.
I am just so, so looking forward to the games
because they keep getting better and better,
and I'm always right on the bench.
I'm right in between two benches usually helping open the door
and kind of helping fire you guys up as the game goes along.
So, yeah, this is going to be big time.
I haven't even checked the forecast because I'm afraid to.
Grinnelli, have you?
We're not mentioning the forecast at all.
I don't want to jinx it. Sean texted me the other
day. We might have a nice week. I'm not
jinxing it. So we're not
mentioning the F word. Honestly, I think it would be
just as fun, if not
even more entertaining if it's just
an absolute garbage weather.
Because then it's just like, it's like the
British Open of fucking Chicklets Cup,
except for this British Open. It's going to be
a muck fest regardless.
You're a mutter.
His father was a mutter.
His mother was a mutter.
You want to talk about a muck fest, Biz?
The Barstool team?
We lost Rudy.
We lost Riggs.
And we lost Patrick Sharp.
We went up two divisions, too.
We are so fucked.
I don't know if we'll win a game.
With that mentality, you are. I don't know if you'll win a game. With that mentality, you are.
I don't know if you'll score a goal.
Yeah, I'll score a few.
Well, R.A., I'm going to send it back over to you.
I think I touched on the Pink Whitney tour.
Yes.
I touched on Chicklets Cup.
You did.
I touched on being back home in Welland.
You haven't touched on your ingrown wiffle,
but we get to that with our special guest, Johnny Gaudreau.
My what?
Your ingrown wiffle. What to that with our special guest johnny gaudreau my what your ingrown wiffle
what the fuck does that mean my the salad i had after you embarrassed me with the the battle of
alberta i think you're like two weeks away from it looking awesome you're just in that in between
stage what do you mean my fucking hair looks incredible i got the playoff beard going too
uh one other thing i wanted to mention is after those events, we had a memes show up.
We had fish,
one of our videographers who's actually looked like a character.
He is,
he is something else. I tell you,
he,
I'm going to tell you what he did.
And,
uh,
Rick Carlson.
I don't know how many of you know,
Rick Carlson,
but this is memes is right-hand man who he's always booting around with.
This guy couldn't be any more useless,
but I kind of
want him at every single thing that we do moving forward he brings nothing to the table so
incredibly that I want nothing correct nothing he does nothing I guess he's a really good goalie
though I guess he's like an incredible hockey goalie but he he just looks like this majestic
character even more so than maybe memes and his getup that he was wearing at these events, the ladies were locked into him.
So maybe that's why we bring this guy around.
One thing he did say he can do, though, he's going to be my professional blunt roller.
And he even offered to, which is kind of cool.
R.A. can't roll one to save his life
if anyone's ever smoked an ra joint you will not feel one thing i don't know what he does i don't
know how he does it but you know what he smokes every day he's what he's preparing us to play in
a band the trumpet in the band because you got to go i'm filling my woodwind section and yeah i rolled a couple just so i can get maybe a little
bit high you run you roll the tightest joints i've ever seen all right i thought i really loosened
up since i pulled my neck i don't know what's that he pulled his neck i legitimately threw
had a herniated disc from sucking down on one of your, like, I don't even know what you call those things.
But the good news is RA is I think we're going to put Ricky Carlson on,
uh,
maybe a per diem pack salary for the road trips.
And he will be rolling our blunts from now on.
And he said that he could drive throughout the Western tour.
Now I don't know if I want to put our,
our lives at risk, but should we maybe should we try?
Should we give him a chance to be?
I would not be shocked if that kid doesn't even have a license, would not be shocked one bit because he's useless.
But going back to the best useless person ever, though, right?
So going back to fish, so we go out to we go out to a meal after the second event at mansion house and we
order a bunch of drinks and my guinness comes up and he gives he gives it the octopus fingers
touches all over where i would put my and then he slides it over and the lady's got the other
guinness which he because he ordered one too and said, fish pass me that one. And you could see the confused look on his face. I go, buddy, I go like, I don't want to get the fucking next
variant of COVID. Cause you just touch. And he says, Oh, I didn't touch the foam. And I said,
I understand, but you just gave my drink the claw. So anywhere I put my lips, I'm touching your,
I'm sucking on your fingers. You'd almost rather him have the finger in the drink than where your lips are going.
Mine as well.
He should have stirred my drink with his dick.
I would have rather that than him give it the claw that he did.
Saw that at a rookie party in L.A.
I remember.
Oh, my God.
Guy just whipped out his hog and stirred up a cranberry vodka for some girl.
It was so funny, dude.
And he served it to a girl yeah she loved it
oh oh oh and then some guy at one i'll go back to fishy and fish was perplexed that i asked for the
other drink too so we can maybe have a debate about how he gave my uh my drink the fish hook
why don't you give oh oh we're gonna Oh, we're going to toss it over.
I know I've been long-winded here.
Somebody come up to me and goes,
hey, Biz, remember when you said on the podcast,
asked me about the Sergey Fedorov?
That was me.
No shit.
And he's trying to tell me it was me.
I go, I guarantee it was Witt.
And it was a story that you said about Sergey Fedorov
at a strip club that
you can't tell.
No,
no,
no,
no.
At Bruckheimer.
Okay.
All right.
So anybody who wants to ask wit about that story,
you can ask him.
It was not me who brought it up on the podcast.
So,
all right,
I'll throw it back over to you.
A little bit preposterous move by fish.
So he's on waivers right now.
So he basically did this to give you his drink,
which is so disgusting
i'd rather have him like put his mouth around it and hand it to you not too much now i could
just slide right off your fingers if it happens to be wet or whatever that's just tough tough
his rebuttal was i didn't touch the foam on top yeah yeah i'll fish he's so dumb come on i've
never met him well biz you just mentioned it.
You kicked off the great Canadian Pink Whitney expedition last week
to spread the gospel.
But you don't need to chase you around Canada for a shot at the old birdie juice.
Just hit up your local package store or head over to your favorite bar,
get some Pink Whitney, whack back a shot, have some club soda, whatever.
Either way, enjoy some of that delicious Pink Whitney
now that summer is in full swing.
And the man behind it,
Ryan the Wit Dog. Whitney,
what's going on, buddy? What'd you do all weekend?
Not much. I didn't do too much.
Couple things.
Okay, yeah. First off,
I want to shout out,
I remember, I think last week I mentioned
in how poorly I played in the Mass Am,
the kid Connor Willett. I think it's
Willett Willett. So his dad passed away suddenly on the mass and the kid Connor will let, I think it's will it will let.
So his dad passed away suddenly on the weekend and he still played dude.
The kid fucking won it all.
He won the whole frigging tournament.
I think he's a freshman at Georgetown or he's going to Georgetown.
Just like an incredible story.
I saw it was,
it made ESPN made ESPN's top 10 plays. So goes out, gets like a top seed, wins one match, two match, three match, four match,
and then the final match, 36 holes.
Gets it done.
What a run.
Congratulations to that kid.
Still feel so sorry for his family, what they've gone through.
But what an amazing story kind of throughout the week to get to follow as a local Massachusetts golfer.
I think everyone around, even if you didn't golf,
ended up hearing the story.
It was all over the news and stuff.
So that was the first thing I wanted to shout out.
Myself on the weekend Saturday,
I played in the semifinals of the club championship
against the kid Billy Argus,
who actually went to the final four of the Mass Am.
He mopped me.
Lost on 15.
I think I had two ripped snap hooks out of bounds.
Game was a mess.
On the other hand, though, today something clicked.
And I went and practiced before this show because Biz and I are filming a sandbagger in Buffalo on Wednesday.
So that should be out at some point in the near future.
And I had to get my game tight and something clicked.
So shout out to me.
And what else did I do?
Oh, God damn it. Did this crack me up? So Wollaston Golf Club, they have a kid's camp going and they hadn't had it in
recent years. Now, granted, COVID had fucked everything up. I don't even know if before that
they had had one in a while. So a lot of the parents kind of got together this winter and
they were talking to the people who work at the clubs like, hey, we want to have a camp for the
kids, right? Like you want the kids. You can do an hour tennis, hour golf, hour swimming,
hour extracurricular activity. Like, so they're all trying to plan this. And I guess like my wife
was one of the people doing it throughout the winter. And at one point the pros like, so let
me get this straight. You guys just want to like drop your kids off at like eight 39 and pick them
up at two. They're like, yes, that's exactly what we want to do.
So it started.
It started maybe a week ago.
This was Ryder's first week.
It's unreal.
They're doing an incredible job.
Like I said, an hour of everything,
hour of extracurricular.
You go swimming.
It's an absolute blast.
You pick up the kids.
They love it.
So I go pick up Ryder one day
and I'm talking to one of the pros there.
Now they help out.
All the assistant pros are helping out with the golf and the tennis guys.
I want the tennis.
And they're like, Hey, so Ryder, I got to tell you what he said today.
I'm like, Oh Jesus.
He's in the cart with this guy and he's calling his friends, poopy heads,
poopy heads, like Fallon, you're a poopy head.
Like whatever.
I don't know.
Kids are, he's four years old.
Ridiculous.
I still say it.
So the guy's like, Hey Ryder, you can't, you can't say that. poopy head like whatever i don't know kids are he's four years old ridiculous i still say it so
the guy's like hey rider uh you can't you can't say that don't don't it's not nice it's a bad
word to say that to people when he goes that's not a bad word fuck's a bad word
the guy was like i was like what bad boy rider but he was kind of right i mean poopy face is not a bad word yeah
yeah no it's not so occasionally when the f-bomb gets dropped in our household i said that's an
adult word do not say that it's a bad word so he knew so that cracked me up and then saturday night
we went and saw our top gun oh i still have it no way no i I haven't got to it yet. Oh, dude.
It is so good.
And obviously going in, I knew there's a touch of corniness.
It is what it is, right?
But overall, like I have not enjoyed a film that much in a theater.
And I haven't been to many movies since COVID.
I don't really have been to a theater that often.
What a fucking experience.
I'm telling you, anyone, I do not,
I can't really imagine anyone going to this movie and leaving and not enjoying it.
So I thought you'd seen it already
because I was going to talk about a couple of different things.
That's disrespect already to your former co-host.
I know.
What the fuck?
I was going to see it at the IMAX.
It was there for like two days.
I saw it at IMAX theater.
Which one?
Boston Common. Isn't that IMAX? No. Would I guess I saw it in IMAX theater. Which one? Boston Common.
Isn't that IMAX?
No, I think what I have one of the glasses on.
So we'll see this IMAX.
Then there's IMAX with 3D.
But that's like an IMAX.
But it's not like a full IMAX theater like the one up in Reading at the.
Oh, I don't know.
All right.
The way I saw this thing was OK.
It says AMC Boston Common has a has IMAX and IMAX
3D. I didn't do 3D,
but I think it was IMAX.
I'm pretty sure it was IMAX because I love
music.
When that starts,
I was fired up.
I was so fired up watching this movie.
I actually think Miles Teller
might be topping the game for me acting.
I think he's just phenomenal.
I just enjoy him.
I loved him in the drum movie.
Whiplash, phenomenal.
Oh, what a movie.
I loved him in War Dogs.
I loved him in, there's another flick he crushed it in.
He's just a fucking, he seems like a great guy too.
He really does.
For not knowing somebody, I truly think he's a good dude. Another flick. He crushed it in. He's just a fucking, he seems like a great guy too. He really does for not,
for not knowing somebody.
I truly think he's a good dude.
He just, he just played in that pro-am out Lake Tahoe.
Oh,
and he crushed it in the show about the Godfather,
the offer.
That's the one I just watched.
He's great.
He's great.
I think he's good buddies with Aaron Rogers.
Like they go on a vacation together.
And I think they were golfing with Pat McAfee at that PGA tour.
Is it? I know I got to get that. Everyone writes me. how do you get in that tournament i don't know i've written to him
i've tweeted at him once they didn't sniff me i asked oh she'd ask he's like dude i got no pull
so i don't think i'll ever get in that you know where i could win that fucking thing you know
where i got maybe a little bit of pull and i caddied for shane donan it was the waste management
program if you'd want to do that one so so for so for people who don't know, I'm going to be out.
We're going to be a chicklet is going to be at the waste management this
year.
I'm moving to Scottsdale for three weeks,
starting the Sunday before the waste management and,
and for the next three weeks, including the super bowl and waste management.
So I can't wait to maybe we, we finagle our way into that.
Now, RA,
I got to ask you about another movie and another probably the biggest man rocket on the planet right now.
This guy who played Elvis.
OK, like I wouldn't I wouldn't let my girlfriend.
Who is it?
Same Austin Butler.
I don't know.
He is buddy.
There's a hot guy in Top Gun, too.
You're going to have a half chub the rest of the podcast.
This guy's an absolute missile launcher.
All right.
Have you seen it?
No.
I'll probably watch that when it comes on video.
Baz Luhrmann, he's a good director, but he's not necessarily my cup of tea.
But I haven't seen it yet.
But going back to Miles Tello, he's played Vinny Pazienza in Bleed for this.
He walks up from Providence.
He broke his neck, came back after breaking his neck.
Good movie.
Very good movie.
Yeah, it's a good take.
see broke his neck came back after breaking his neck good movie very good yeah yeah it's a good take and also too uh top well maverick top gun just became the largest ever grossing movie in
paramount history obviously tickets are a lot more nowadays but it's made the most money ever by any
movie ever this fucking rights hammer my wife leaned over me in the middle of the movie and
she's just tom cruise is so out of his mind like he's just an insane human being you look at his
face and he's just fucking nuts.
And I think he does his own stunts, right?
Oh yeah.
He learned how to fly a helicopter
for whatever Mission Impossible was a couple of movies ago.
And like the stunts he did,
like they said, like the average guy takes like months,
if not years to learn how to fly like that.
He did it in like a crash course in like a few weeks.
Like just, and I mean, if he fucks up, he's dead.
You know what I mean?
Like that's so crazy. I'm telling you, I i want to see top gun again i saw it two days ago
i want to go see it again what's the most you've ever seen the same movie in theaters mine's i've
never i've never been to a movie twice i went to see a man on fire three times no way i saw
miracle five times when it was in theaters five In theaters? Five times. No way.
100. Can I ask my mom?
That's a bit psycho, but I respect it.
I saw Goodfellas three times.
The three is usually like my probably max to see in a theater at this point.
But I saw Goodfellas three times.
I think I saw Pulp Fiction three times.
I also have.
I've said many times that I I think with Breaking Bad and another show that was one of my top shows, maybe Sopranos, the first time I went to watch the first episode, I shut it off.
And I did this a few times and recently I'm now into Yellowstone.
It was the same thing.
I remember the first episode of Yellowstone 30 minutes in.
I was like, fuck this.
And now I'm hooked.
I'm on episode six of season one.
Great show. I heard it gets a little preposterous now that's the only worry right now is it has a
little bit of the like um sons of anarchy like kind of like it's even early in the show you're
like what that's happening but i can deal with that every time i tell somebody i bought a lot
in jackson they're like yeah i've seen Yellowstone too. That's everybody.
Everybody just chirps me with it.
I'm like, I've actually never seen it.
Now, I have to go back to the Pink Whitney event one more time for one of the wildest stories I've ever heard.
And there was video evidence of it.
So a junior kid comes up to me and he goes, I found out that my old like my mom was getting thumped
by one of my coaches and she called my dad so he had his friend video it where the kid ended up
going to confront the guy and he walks over as the guy is going into the rink and he knocks him out
cold he walk in buddy i could what the fuck there's and you watched the video he he tells me
you're kind of like ah shows me the video almost i'm like uh i'm like did you did you tell your
he goes yep he goes i fucking knocked them out and i went home and i fucking told my dad it was
going on and and now they're they're divorced and i holy shit buddy i was he he dude what a
dirtbag coach yeah yeah yeah yeah not good not good i mean no wonder he was getting mom too
the mom's a scumbag too yeah obviously yeah maybe she was trying to get him some fucking pp time i
don't know maybe that's how i ended up getting... That's how Biz got drafted.
Fuck you, you fuck. There was a guy named Paul high up there.
Just the whole coaching staff running train.
Fucking.
I guess we can get him out there on the second unit.
Oh, imagine your most hated coach.
Imagine if I found out Randy was just hammering my mom.
Oh, my God.
He's like, wow, this is how I put up with your fucking outlet passes with you fucking asshole.
Turn it over one more time.
And now you turn over.
I respected the kid for come up and tell me like normally when someone's like, hey, I got a story to tell you.
You're like, oh, here we go.
Like fucking.
Yeah.
You're putting my act.
And I'm going to turn into Jon ham here to pretend i actually like this
one i was in a straight up sucker punch too oh yeah he fucking floored him and then the and then
the so then the other coach stepped in and completely separated him and i mean mind you
i'm in this young's insurance office and there's ladies like filing papers right now probably
wondering why this guy's yelling about
guys she's like i thought this was a hockey podcast shout out to young's insurance jesus
christ that's that's wild too just because like i mean most guys probably just tell the kids to
tell the father or whatever but it's like actually fucking blast the guy i'm i'm gonna beg to get
this video so we can put it on the spit and checkouts maybe oh dude we have to get that video up i at least want to see it if if if did you would like would you have reacted the same
way would you have actually like honestly all joking aside that makes me like so sad like i i
don't i don't even know like if you found that out that you're like mom was like cheating on your dad
like i don't how yeah how the fact that he knew the guy yes
you would like to think you'd be angry enough to just go straight up sucker him but it's still
probably pretty fucking rattling for the kid to hear that you know and i wonder what he said to
his mother because hey you know it takes two to tango you know what i mean like oh yeah you know
like i don't know what how that worked oh that's that's crazy dude fucking therapy time uh it just
sunk in i'm like i'm at a loss for words now.
Yeah, Jesus Christ.
We've got to mix it up here.
Dude, I'm trying to give people a taste of Pink Whitney.
Leave me alone.
By the way, that story was brought to you by none other than Pink Whitney,
the pink lemonade-flavored vodka.
I wonder what other interesting stories I'm going to hear on this tour.
That was brought to you by Pink Whitney
and AshleyMadison.com.
If you're looking for a separate whack from your
wife, check out this site.
Jesus Christ. Check the game
notes. So, Chick, this is more or less the end
of our season, I guess. I mean, I know the NHL season
has been over. We've had free agency. We had the draft. That's
pretty much symbolic for the end of our season. Then
we're going to kind of downshift in August, going to have a bunch
of interviews still. You're going to get a whole bunch of awesome interviews.
We've got in the bank right now, but you boys don't want any vacations,
any trips or whatever for August.
What do you got?
No, I'm going to be actually arguing with TD bank in my off time about
these fucking withdrawal fees.
You want to grind my gears?
I don't get hit by those.
You got to be like, you should be do with the amount of money you have.
You got to be with a bank that doesn't hit you with those.
So if you know when you go pay bills online and in in my situation you have to do it through the checking account so if you do it through the savings account they hit you with a
five dollar withdrawal fee so this is a bit of a humble brag i keep 100k in my td account in my
checking account just as like a like a safety safety valve in Canada. Like, you know,
all of a sudden your parents need money or whatever it is.
And then I have a little bit in the checking and I just pay my,
my house bills or whatever it is, you know, heating here, you know,
water bill you hear, why are you laughing already? The humble brag.
Just a lot on fire today. I'm just laughing.
Just him explaining how bills get paid.
So, so sometimes I feel like
I click the checking account
Because I'm aware
So okay maybe I forgot to check
The other box and all of a sudden
Because I'm paying the bill through my savings account
Not my checking account
You want to hit me with a five fucking dollar withdraw fee
Fuck you
And I have all my money in your bank
In your hammer it's
bullshit dude fuck you enough with the withdraw fees i listen young's insurance is gonna lose
their mind i keep dropping f-bombs in here but that ra and i hate to steal your thunder with
the grind my gears if i get one more withdraw fee i get my atm fees back from my my bank like if i go down the bank start under the
umbrella that's what i was taught that's what i meant already i didn't i don't i don't know about
the withdrawal fees that's what i'm gonna be suckering a teller just like my buddy from the
junior team catching his old lady getting thumped by the assistant coach for some pp time
look out td tellers look like you got to chime in, G. You got a vacation on
South of August or what? Yes, a long
awaited vacation going down
to Italy, actually.
Oh, yeah, you were going to do that a while ago,
right? Yeah, yeah, I was going to go a couple
years ago, but the pandemic happened
and haven't really been able to travel for the past two
years with the old
lady, but we're going to Positano,
the whole Amalfi Coast. We're going to positano the whole amalfi coast we're going to
hit calabria capri buddy if you don't have a manzito on instagramming it up all over your
stories manzito that's fucking speedo oh shit you got to get a speedo you should be drinking drinking Aperol. Aperol? Aperol spritzes. Oh, yeah. What are those?
It's Prosecco.
I'm such a.
Prosecco.
And then a little bit of.
Apple juice.
Cranberry.
All right. You're the drink guy.
All right.
As a no, it's not an IPA that he can slug down before the show.
Yeah.
Prosecco.
I didn't get too many when I bought it many moons ago.
Didn't I don't even know if I ever made a Prosecco when I bought it. I attended. It is a Aperol spritz is Prosecco. I didn't get too many when I bartended many moons ago. I don't even know if I ever made a Prosecco when I bartended.
It is a Aperol Spritz is Prosecco, a little bit of bitter, and soda water.
Gee, I actually just said, done deal.
We're going to go to Italy.
I've never been.
I've always wanted to go.
We're going to go for the Ryder Cup next year in 2023.
It's in Rome.
So I'll be able to talk to you because I want to hit up.
I want to do a multi coast.
I heard Lake Como is almost not necessary to do. Yeah.
So like, I'm going to, I'm going to talk to you after that's great.
When are you guys going?
August, August 2nd, we leave, I believe. And I'm, I'm so excited.
The best part is, is my girlfriend's family has a house there.
So I'm staying for free in Calabria, which is unbelievable. we have the family tour guide they're gonna show us around it's it's gonna
be incredible you should fly through pearson to go there rather kill myself what about you
wit i know you're always gallivanting anyways but anything um while we're in a little no i'll just
go uh last week of august and uh first week of september like so last week of August and first week of September. So last week of August and then Labor Day, go to Nantucket.
See, I'm not  it's funny.
I was talking to a couple of hockey guys about this.
I don't like traveling in the summer because it's the only nice months here.
I agree with you on this, Whit.
It's like I don't want to be away when the only basically time i enjoy being in the boston
area is july august september october so it's also very hard the the aspect of it is like
i want to take my wife away like she's you know she's been at home all year like we've been
traveling all all throughout the season for chiclets so then the season ends and it's like
all right i want to be here so i i kind of have to fight between like really not wanting to go and her wanting to go somewhere.
So I was thinking of maybe somewhere like later September before we really get going. I think
have we mentioned where we're going to kick off the season? Are we not mentioning that yet? Okay.
We're not mentioning that yet. We're going to kick off the season somewhere. We won't say now,
but maybe later September, I'll take her away somewhere. London would be cool. Go see a Chelsea
game, play a little golf over there.
But I don't know.
You are something else, buddy.
What?
Every time, a trip with the lady, anniversary,
10 rounds of golf in the seven days that you're there.
I mean, she might as well just go by herself.
No, it's not as bad as you think.
It's not as bad as you think.
Check the weather before you go, man.
I looked Spain and Portugal. They got like 115 degree weather right now it's fucking crazy yeah it's fucking end of july it's like 115 everywhere isn't it not dude if you left boston and went
do fucking east across the atlantic you hit either like spain or portugal there so they're in the
same like latitude line as us yeah and they're whatever the same latitude line as us. I guess there's hot air coming up
from the shower, but 116 degrees in Portugal.
That's obscene. That's like
116 here almost. And they don't even
wear deodorant over there. I wouldn't leave my
hotel room.
Tough scene. I'm looking forward to
Vermont, my annual trip. We missed
it last year. Remember that was the first time we did
trivia and I was buckled. Oh my
goodness. Were you ever crippled? We ran the table on brandon walker and pft comment were you that's where i saw you in saratoga too
don't you shoot over there on one of those days that you're in vermont yeah it's about an 80
minute ride all through the back roads you don't even get in the highway at all it's a nice scenic
scenic view we'll probably do that again this year but i love going up there it's like calm city it's
wicked quiet there's nothing there it's not like a touristy place at all i'm i'm honestly gonna try to like limit myself to like an hour a day on
social media obviously you gotta use the internet to watch tv and shit but i'm gonna try to like
unplug like a lot and just try to read some books and i don't know we hey and all right that's fair
i think we all need to it's been a long season we went on a huge ripper we got some awesome
interviews bank guys we're gonna take a little time off we're going to come back recharge and have another wagon of a season next year um
before we throw it over to the hockey oh i thought that was the show good show guys
no no uh sneaky banger my buddy callahan put me onto this band and you know at first i was like they are unreal their their name is ten fey
t-e-n f you say f-a-y no no f and then it's the e with the accent they do on it and listen to the
song super rich that's my sneaky banger and you can listen to their whole latest album i think
they released it just before covid hit and uh i don't
believe that they've toured yet but an incredible album and a great band i recommend them ten fey
super rich check it out sneaky banger of the day do you guys have any or no no i gotta start coming
prepared with sneaky bangers these nights these nights by loud luxury unbelievable song incredible these nights it's brand new just
came out last friday incredible as in these nuts these motherfuckers i love when people name theirs
in the comments and like stewie to heaven like fucking all these like it's like dude that's not
a sneaky band was number one for like 17 years like thank you all right thank you a little more
creativity but all right boys enough vacation talk we We still have work to get to here.
And we'd already mentioned it.
Johnny Goudreau is our guest today.
He shocked the hockey world the other day.
He signed with the Columbus Blue Jackets,
inked a seven-year, 68.25 million deal,
comes out to 9.75 million cap hit.
This is not a team people thought he was going to at all.
We didn't hear about it until very late.
And Goudreau, I just said five players have more points than him
since the 14-15 season.
McDavid, Kane, Crosby, Dreisaitl, Marchand.
So that's the caliber of player he is.
Calgary had given him an offer, but he let them know prior to free agency
he wasn't going to be there.
Either way, it's a fantastic interview.
We're going to go to him right now because it's good stuff.
He was very honest, a lot of loss.
But first, we want to let you know that interview was brought to you by our friends at Roman. What would you like to
last longer? Summer nights, an awesome concert, maybe that jet ski you're riding around on?
Well, Roman wants you to last longer in bed, 340 better in bed. Roman swipes are the secret
to longer lasting sex. Roman swipes are uniquely formulated to reduce overstimulation
without eliminating sensation altogether. The more consistent you are with the swipes,
the longer and better your sex life will be. The swipes are super easy to use. You take out the
swipe, you apply it, you let it dry for five minutes. Boom. You get in there and you enjoy
longer lasting sex. So go to get roman.com slash chicklets to get 10 off swipes.
When you choose a monthly plan,
get roman.com slash chicklets.
And now enjoy Johnny hockey,
Johnny good row.
We're very happy to welcome this friend of the program back for his third
go around on chicklets.
He of course just signed a seven year deal with the Columbus blue jackets.
That was the talk of the hockey world this week. It's a pleasure to welcome back to the Spit and Chicklets
podcast, Johnny Goudreau. How's it going, guy? Good. Thanks for having me, guys.
Thanks for joining us, man. We're down the Jersey Shore getting a little vacay in right now.
He's in witness protection in the Jersey Shore right now, all right?
Yeah, I'm down here in the Jersey Shore in Avalon, New Jersey.
Just stay down here in the summertime.
I've been going to the beach, riding jet skis around in the bay back here.
Oh, you're a jet ski guy?
Oh, yeah.
Yeah, I love it. You're Kenny Powers.
I love the jet skis, yeah.
I rip them in the morning all the time and get up at like 7 or 8
and go rip around in the bay for like an hour and a half.
You going to make the sign-in bonus last a little longer than the first one or what oh man i can't wait for that to come i'm excited you owe me an apology man you made me
fucking shave my head on national television well you went you and company what happened in the
battle of alberta bro i know
yeah that was bad i thought we were i thought we were chilling after the first game we scored like
14 goals i was like we should be fine here and then next thing you know the rest of the game
they're still they're scoring six seven goals when i was like geez i was i was so mad because
biz is like look at this you texted him before the second round like i'm gonna make whitney wear that stupid earring or something like that i'm like this motherfucker i know i
wanted to see that but you know honestly both were gonna be comical so didn't matter hey in all
honesty though like you know you guys win that first game and you know when when a series it
ends like that and the season ends like that you always go out afterward you have like the
you know the post game pops and you kind of say your goodbyes like did you guys have a long
conversation as to like what happened and maybe what went wrong as far as the series was concerned
yeah I mean that was difficult I think because we thought we were the better team I mean obviously
uh you know Connor and Bryce Adler were just doing ridiculous things out there every single night.
So, I mean, but we were also missing, to me, one of our top team men, like, on our team.
Like, Tannett is such a big piece for our team.
And he was playing with, like, the worst shoulder injury you could possibly think of.
And, you know, and it's hard to do that, you know.
But, you know, I's hard hard to do that you know but uh you know i mean yeah it
still hurts it hurts to talk about it because you know i thought we were a really good team i thought
we were gonna you know pull that one off you know johnny that was rude to me we shouldn't even be
starting out with that we should be congratulating you on this new contract that you've got all right
i'm gonna throw it back over you i'm just poopy pants because i had to get my shit head and yeah
you still look terrible from that too. You're in the in-between
stages right now, huh?
Jordan, how many
teams did it come down to? I know Columbus was sort of
a late name thrown in. Nobody was talking about them.
They got mentioned the day of. So like how many teams
did you actually have it whittled down to before you decided
on Columbus? I had like
three, four teams that I knew I wanted to play
for. Columbus
was obviously high on that list for me,
but there was a few other teams, and the day of, I was the only one talking to two of them, so
I was pretty much signed with a different team. Most of the day, I hadn't heard from Columbus,
and then all of a sudden, they called it like four, and I told my agents, like, I want to go
here. Like, just try to get this done. Like, this is the spot I want to go here like just try to get this done like this is the spot
I want to be right here um and and uh he got it done in an hour and next thing I was signing with
Columbus so I was it was a stressful day but no I was super excited you mentioned it being a
stressful day and that's something like I'm so I never experienced being a UFA or I was but at
that point I was I was getting booted to Russia when my time came.
So in terms of that day and like it all comes, you know,
you realize you're not going back to Calgary.
Are you kind of getting calls from your agent every 10 minutes?
Like, is there a point when you're like, Hey, they need an answer right now?
Like how did that whole day come about?
Because not until four o'clock you heard from Columbus. That's surprising.
Yeah. Yeah. Um, yeah um yeah to to be honest with you
I don't think I'd ever want to do this again it was like it was stressful day like I I thought
it was going to be like ah free agency you know this team's gonna want me that team's gonna want
me to get a call from these guys that guy this it was nothing like that at all I'm just like what's
going on here and I don't know maybe it's because the flat cap and you know it's harder on teams and
and stuff like that but um you know I was only talking to like two two three teams and um I was
super thankful that Columbus called toward during that you know late hour then you know afternoon
because I was pretty much gonna I think I was trying to get a deal done with the devils and
then um Columbus called and um you know I I was like, I want to go here.
And then my agent got it done and it was awesome.
I heard the list got cut down by about half the teams because they heard you like friends.
The soul friends.
And that Ross was his favorite character.
And then that cut him down even more.
And there was only Columbus left.
And then Chuck Fletcher was like, fuck it, I'm not even getting rid of these contracts.
I'm going to keep sipping on my Mai Tai here on the beach.
I'm not going to do any work.
That guy can go fuck himself.
I love watching your clips. And out of nowhere, just someone would just be like,
or you can just like Ross and friends like Johnny does.
Like just some random episode I'm getting thrown in because I like Ross.
I'm surprised that news anchor didn't come after you about it.
Yeah, I know.
That was tough to watch right there.
I was like, geez.
Settle down, buddy.
Well, that's actually something I wanted to ask you because, you know,
you had such great years in Calgary.
The team did have a lot of success, especially this last year,
and they wanted you to be there so bad.
So how tough was it?
Did you have to give Tree Living a call?
Was there a final kind of goodbye?
And I can't imagine it was easy to say no no to their offer no it was really difficult um i think that's
a lot of people think i was just kind of dragging calgary along but you know i i thought about
you know signing back in calgary or going to free agency every day for like a month and i was
every day i thought i was going to possibly go back to
Calgary and then the next day I thought I was and I just kept it was difficult I just kept going
through it in my head and it was a long month but um it came down to like literally the last day I
was like I seriously still don't know what I'm gonna do I I love Calgary so much um it's such
a great place to play the fans are great but um But, you know, in that final, you know, kind of a few hours,
I thought, you know,
this is going to be best for me to just test for agency and it was hard
decision, but yeah, it was, it was a long month there.
I, it was one of the hardest things I've had to do in my life.
I think just trying to, you know, let Calgary know I wasn't going to go back.
Jordan was the one decisive factor. you're like, all right,
it's going to be Columbus.
I know your buddy, Eric Robinson's been there for a long time.
Was he a big recruiting factor?
Yeah, Eric, obviously super close, you know, really close buddy of mine.
And then I played with a lot of guys on that team.
I played with Corrali, you know, I played with Renske,
a couple of world championships.
I was Eric Cabrances on on the team i had a lot of
familiar faces there and um it makes kind of going into a new team a little bit easier so
i really like that part of uh plums as well you know just having familiar faces there and stuff
how much of a factor i guess to caught i guess a more relaxed atmosphere than playing in canada
how much of that was a factor as well yeah i, I mean, it's going to be different than playing in Canada, obviously.
You know, the media and this and that, it's a lot smaller in Columbus.
But I've heard so many good things about their fans.
You know, they're so into the game, the fifth line.
And I'm really looking forward to playing in front of those guys too.
Obviously, Canada's kind of a different level than a lot of places you play in the States.
But I think it's going to be a pretty fun place to play.
I'm looking forward to playing my first game there.
Are you training for the cannon?
Because I saw it one of the years where you were at the All-Star game there.
You pooped your pants when the cannon went off.
Yeah, I've done that a few times.
I was telling the media in Columbus, I was like,
you're just going to have to put me in the arena and let this thing blast off like for an hour
and i'm just gonna get used to it eventually yeah just lock you in a room now okay so going back to
the fact that you end up leaving calgary like have you been asked if if maybe covid and the rules and
and and like the shutdowns and everything the canadian side of it did that play any type of
factor in this?
Or is that just absolute nonsense?
No, not really.
It didn't really.
I mean, obviously, it was tough, you know,
with the whole COVID thing in Canada.
It was pretty hard, you know, getting family in to come see us,
not even play.
They couldn't even watch us play.
Couldn't even come to the arena.
But just to come say hello or, like, see my family, that was difficult.
But that didn't but um that didn't
really that wasn't a huge deciding factor why i didn't go back um i think it was just it was time
for me to just get a different change of scenery i think and uh um we wanted to play a little bit
closer out east and and play a little bit closer to family. And that was important to us. Does, does the, does maybe some of the negativity,
maybe from media members, Calgary fans about you leaving and your decision,
like, were you expecting maybe some of it or, or all of it? And does,
does it, does it affect you deep down considering what you put into that
organization?
Yeah, I didn't think I was going to get as bad as I have. I obviously thought there was going to be some fans not happy,
but I didn't think I was going to hear about as much as I have.
And I get it.
I mean, they're a very passionate fan.
They have very passionate fans, and they love their flames,
and the city of Calgary loves hockey.
So I understand it's been hard on a lot of people, but, you know,
I still love that place.
I was part of that organization for 12 years, played there for eight
or nine years, and the city was great to me every single time.
And it sucks, you know, having to leave.
But, you know, I just wish them all the best, and then hopefully, you know, having to leave. But, you know, I just wish them all the best.
And then hopefully they can get over it soon here because it's a great place.
And I really did love playing there.
I'm going to miss the Gucci belts and the Gucci loafers on the horse to lead the Stampede Parade, man.
I'm not going to lie.
I know.
I was going to bring that back this year if I went back.
Oh, my.
That would have been one way to fucking re-sign there,
just come in with the horse and the flag, maybe with like a pair of hogs.
Now he's going to like a Buckeyes game or something with some Yeezys on.
Exactly.
Rip it up that way.
Exactly, yep.
So I'll probably do that.
I'll try to do that next year.
Has Patrick Laine called you?
No, he's playing video games he said oh he's playing grand theft
auto he's getting the five stars i talked to a few of the guys but uh yeah he texted him texting
him a little bit i texted a few of the other guys and uh my phone's just been blowing up i debated
just chucking in the ocean not even answering anything but i forgot i had an interview with you guys so i'll do it after this i got one more quick one
when when you decided columbus was the landing spot did you know that you were going to like
blow up the hockey world with this like they never you're the biggest 100 the biggest free
agent signing they've ever had and i don't even know if they've ever had anyone even remotely close to that ra you might be able to chime in with a name or like this is you did you know did you expect
that it was going to make headway i i didn't expect people to to be so shocked on me choosing
columbus i guess maybe i didn't know i didn't expect this at all i everyone's texting me what like why columbus question mark
and i'm like and i'm just like well your mom i i did my research i've heard so many great things
about columbus and you know the outside part of the city with like just great neighborhoods great
golf i mean the flying for the road games are i'm back in my bed at like 12
instead of four in the morning sometimes i mean there's just a lot of really good you know things
that i kind of learned about columbus and uh to go to ohio state games too which is awesome and i i
i wasn't i was a little shocked the way everyone thought it was so shocking i chose columbus but
how's the jet skiing there i don't know i don't think they do they have they got a river there i think maybe i don't know
yeah there'll be something for you to rip around on oh yeah yeah yeah you're in your pool because
you're a gazillionaire now you just get a fucking just an olympic size swimming pool and just rips
up the the the columbus blue jackets jet he has made for his signing bonus. You and Kenny with that
mullet you got going.
Oh my God. But you mentioned
doing your research and that's one thing
I think people think of Columbus
and obviously it's not a major city but
first off, it's a great
fan base and you saw kind of the fan
base and what they went through when they upset
Tampa and how crazy that building was.
And second, like,
it is such a great place that you see so many guys they don't leave there once
they retire. I think Dubinsky is still there. I think Jared Bowles there.
And there's a lot of guys. So I'm assuming doing your research,
you're talking to people who really love living there post playing as well.
Right? Yeah. Yeah, exactly. I mean, I was just, you named a few,
but there's like six, seven other guys, you know, going back there in the summers.
And like I was talking to Cam Atkinson, I mean, I drove by his house the other day and I text him like, I'm on behind next to your house.
He came out. I got to see him. He's like, I'm so happy. You're going to love this place.
Like this is such a undercover great city and I kept hearing everyone
say it's a hidden gem and you know just being there for the whole day and like just going around
you know the city and the little outskirts and towns and some golf courses I just I just kept
getting this vibe that I was like wow this is a really this could be a really cool place to play
you know I think like you said i'm really
looking forward to it and uh uh see where it goes i think a lot of people expect philly to be in the
mix and they kind of gave you the new phone who dis replied nothing ever materialized did that
disappoint you on some level being you know a local guy and growing up like in the flyers
yeah i mean obviously i said it before in the interview or something but you know it's always
it'd always be cool to play for your your hometown team and obviously they didn't have the cap space
or anything so i kind of knew that they were kind of out of the you know they wouldn't be around on
free agency day a few weeks before because you know they had to make a ton of trades and this
and that and uh obviously kept an eye on it, but nothing ever came about it.
But, yeah, on free agency day, though, you know,
I was only really talking to like two or three teams.
And I was very fortunate.
Columbus called there the last, you know,
remaining hours there in the afternoon.
He gave your bag to Risto.
Whoops.
Yeah, very similar bags. Actually, Chuck Fetcher's became my favorite gm after the
the answer he gave about that how it was going to be too hard to move a couple contracts to get one
of the best playmakers we've seen in the last fucking what five to ten years here come on it's
fucking hilarious dude he just didn't even want to work to get it done so suck on that one johnny
uh what do you what else you got there?
Well, I was, I was going to say, you got, you got,
your first child's on the way I believe is your wife, wife do somewhat.
That's that's awesome. Congrats on that.
Did you guys go out and pick out a house? Has she been out there yet?
Or was that just your first visit just the other day?
Yeah. It was our first visit together.
They sent a plane the next day to pick us our first visit together uh nice they they sent a plane
the next day to pick us up at like nine in the morning we were there for the full day and
we were looking at a couple houses and you know a bunch of realtors are helping us but uh
yeah she's due september 30th so looking forward to that it's going to be uh that's gonna be a lot
of fun and then uh trying to figure out buy a house here in the next few few weeks and uh move everything into uh you know our home in columbus here so we're looking forward
to doing that it's kind of like a little kind of next chapter for us and we're excited to kind of
you know get started on doing that type of stuff that's awesome now all right before you go here
like it is part of the decision factor in that you wanted an ohio baby just like monica and
chandler in friends i don't know if you remember that episode where they actually were going to
adopt so does that is that kind of like is this is this what's happening full circle we've come
full circle yeah i don't remember that one that's that's probably the main reason why i chose
columbus for that exact point right there i fucking knew it i fucking knew
it there you go all you they should be playing friends on the jumbotron during intermissions at
the games just because they were able to land the biggest free agent signing and the biggest one in
their franchise history let off the cannon his goal song yeah seriously maybe johnny number 13
currently won by uh youngster kent johnson are you gonna
have to cough up some of that loot for rolex maybe to get 13 has that been a discussion yet
are you gonna wait and see no i'm i'm 13 they told me it right after i signed like
this uh this younger player has it and uh he actually was wearing number 13 because of you
and i'm like he can keep it i'll just pick a
different number i don't really i don't know i was like i don't need 13 i don't want it like
i'll just pick something else he's like he's not even getting no no he's like a training camp he's
getting shut down fucking on waivers he's like fifth overall no he's not yeah he's actually
really good he's really good player it doesn't matter he texted he texted the gm he's like you
can give johnny 13
and i was like before i i didn't even know they had a 13 i because i wasn't familiar with columbus
his organization like like they're drafted players and stuff so i had no idea they're like oh yeah
here i texted said you can have and i was like are you sure like i don't want to take anyone's
number and so just bring them out to a couple steak dinners and stuff i was like all right
he sent uh he sent the picture of a daytona rolex right afterward i don't know what that's
about but uh but uh yeah you do with with it what you want well number what number would you have
worn if you if 13 if he kept it i was probably either gonna go like 12 or 19 but i don't need
a number biz us best players that's's what we wear 12's my number
Yeah, geez, that's why you want to start dumping it in
every time? Maybe he does, fucking
That's why I was going to wear it, Biz
They're a blue-collar town, buddy, they're going to appreciate
those dump-ins, buddy
Yeah, for sure
Do you know Jakey at all, Voracek?
Yeah, I do, kind of, like, just through passing
and Uri Hudler used to play
in the Flames
Those two together Mount of Champagne, those two probably drank together kind of like just through passing and Yuri Hudler used to play in the flames and oh Jesus like
those two together amount of champagne those two probably drank together yeah so I just I kind of
known him gotten to know him better over the years because of the hoods um but uh yeah I know him a
little bit I'm excited to play with him I hear he's a pretty funny dude so that'll be a lot of
fun to play with him.
How's the summer training?
Like when you're in Jersey, do you have other NHL guys that you're training with?
And the main reason I ask is I was talking to Hazy about you the other day.
We played golf the day you signed, and we were just shooting the shit.
He's like, dude, the workouts at BC were so funny.
He would carry around a water bottle, and we'd just dump water on his head to make it look like he was sweating yeah i mean in college i was not into any of that crap and uh i learned
really quickly uh if i wanted to you know keep playing i gotta get a little bigger though i gotta
get a little stronger than 135 pounds but uh no in the summers i got like eric robinson obviously
plays in the blue jackets i got his older brother buddy Robinson, and then D'Angelo is down in South Jersey.
And then John Stevens, old coach of Dallas, his two sons playing the HL.
And we all kind of skate together down here in Atlantic City.
And then I just kind of put like a little gym together in my garage and kind of just work out there in the mornings.
That Eric Robinson, I know he's a little gym together in my garage and kind of just work out there in the mornings that eric
robinson i know he's a little younger i was he had a pretty solid season undrafted kind of come
out of nowhere after playing at princeton if you've known about him a long time though yeah
he's always been a pretty good player i mean obviously he he kind of grew a lot throughout
college so um he had a little growth spurt, but he works super hard.
Like in the summers, he works out extremely hard.
He skates like two or three times a week.
Like he's like, you know, he, he wants to play in NHL.
That's why he's playing in NHL.
You know, he's kind of just grinded it out like hard summers.
And that's why I don't work out with him.
But yeah.
Johnny, I heard one of the most preposterous stories i've ever heard actually
we're doing a live stream hazy came on i love doing the live streams where random guys pop on
and he said that one time that you you ended up i don't know if it was a pre-game meal and there
was these meatballs that were covered in marinara sauce and then you were using the the the table
cover to take all the marinara sauce off the meatball so you could eat the meatballs
just plain like what the fuck is wrong yeah i just i didn't like the sauce the marinara sauce
it was like it was like right out of a can and then it wouldn't even taste like italian at all
so i was just eating like pasted marinara sauce it was gross so i just wiped them off and then
just stuck them in a roll and made myself
like a little meatball sandwich and shammered a couple of those.
Did you treat yourself to anything to celebrate? I mean,
I know you weren't exactly handsome out before this deal,
but did you buy yourself a little treat just to celebrate?
Probably went to Subway.
Oh, his wife went online shopping for 43 hours in a row and he's got no money
left.
No, honestly, we haven't done anything we uh
i mean i might go buy like a golf cart to like ride around in my little town here in avalon
everyone's got golf carts and i feel like i kind of need one so i might just go get like a decked
out sick golf cart with like some speakers and grip it to the beach and stuff hubcap spinners
yeah get some like strobe lights coming out for the night time
we're riding around hey talk to yans didn't he get an unbelievable one when he hit his
uh thousandth game yeah they gave it to him yeah that one looked awesome you should talk to him
see who they went through and try to grab something like that but how how hard of a time
did hazy give you at the fact that uh you weren't able to get to philly he must have been pretty
hazy's going to Columbus.
He's going to be in Columbus by 2024.
I'm telling you watch.
Yeah.
He was, he was super, he was a little upset.
I, he was trying to push me to get the, to get the Philly for,
he wanted me to come to Philly.
He's like, Oh yeah, we always come to Philly.
Like we'd love to have you in Philly and I want to play with you someday. So I was like, yeah,
I'd love to play with you too. But you know, obviously Chuck never,
it wasn't in the, they couldn't get the cap space or whatnot that on that day. So, but I was texting him yesterday, two days ago. He's like,
you're going to love club is such a cool town. I was there this summer.
So, you know, another guy who's been there just telling me great things.
Hazy also said, I got to ask you about when you bailed on him.
He goes, you need to get the story of why he bailed on me,
courtside seat, the Knicks, because of Berkey.
He didn't want Splinter.
Oh, yeah.
Berkey.
No, I think it was Glenn Galton.
But he just  we were having, like like a practice in the Madison Square Garden,
and I didn't take the bus.
I just went in a cab.
I put my equipment on, and I just took the cab instead of the bus,
and I guess the coach got pissed off or something.
I'm not sure why he got mad I took a cab.
So I was getting ready to go to the courtside game with him,
and he's like, all right, you can choose. You can go to the courtside game with him. And he's like, all right, you can choose.
You can go to the courtside game with him or we're going to scratch you for not getting on the bus with the team.
Shut up, dude.
I'm like, what?
I was like, I was here on time for practice.
Like, I didn't miss anything.
Like, we had no meetings.
Like, what do you mean?
He's like, you can choose.
And I'm like, all right.
I got 37 family members coming up from South Jersey.
I'm not going to go watch LeBron play when I got family coming in tomorrow.
So I didn't get that.
I didn't get to go in there.
So, but, oh, well.
What a cock block that is.
I know.
I was fired up.
We had great seats.
You know, of course, I watched LeBron.
Couldn't go.
Obviously, Hazy was where the ham and and cheese infamous ham and cheese story come up now
have you got a taste for sushi since then i knew you were ducking sushi that day
yeah me and my wife love sushi we go out uh a lot to uh there's not a lot of great spots in
calgary for sushi but you know when we when i go on the road and have a lot and during the
summer times back back here on the coast of jersey they got some great seafood out here and
sushi and stuff so i'm venturing out a little bit i don't just eat ham and cheese anymore but
i still like how the name's kind of stuck with me you look like a california roll type of guy johnny
yeah it's just like spicy tuna with just tuna shrimp tempura only off the glass and get the
avocado off of the roll yeah no absolutely no veggies because my body will
reject it yeah there's like sometimes they put like cucumbers in the middle or like something
i just like poke them out what right through the middle of the hole i love the sushi that has the
cucumber as the actual roll part it's the rice you don't like johnny has the thing hey biz he
has the thing that goes on the chopsticks that keeps them together.
You know, like the little kid.
Yeah.
Right.
He's eating them with a fork.
No, he's eating gold chopsticks now.
That's awesome.
Hey, so I want to go back to Calgary.
Like, did you like let some of your former teammates know that you were
going to move on before, like letting anybody else know?
Like, I know we kind of, you didn't talk to one guy i didn't talk
to anyone i i honestly i i always say this but like i was it was like the last two hours of the
night before free agency and i still had no idea what i was doing and half of them live in europe
or half of them live in sweden we got like eight of them up there. They just went to Lindholm's wedding. Yeah, Jarnkrok's wedding, but yeah.
Oh, Jarnkrok, sorry.
Yeah, yeah.
But yeah, I didn't really have the opportunity to.
I just kind of called Brad and let him know.
It was already, and at that point,
it was like 11 at night.
And it was pretty hard for me.
It was pretty emotional.
You know, like I said, I was there for a long time
and it was pretty hard. So I kind of just hung out with my wife that night and just tried to figure out who we're going
to play for the next day and made a little list talk to some people but it was uh it was tough
it was hard and didn't really get a chance to talk to any guys so all right what's the what's
the show like the the meme where the guy's wiping his tears away with all the money
because it was such an emotional decision he's 70 million's wiping his tears away with all the money because it was such an emotional
decision he's 70 million just wiping his tears away oh that's jerry mcguire a lot of a lot of
pressure coming 95 million it was uh the harrison not harrison the guy who's in uh for fuck's sakes
i can't remember somebody's gonna be yelling at me through their fucking speaker right now because
i can't remember the meme, the meme.
I want to go back to that Dallas series, man. Jake Audinger was out of his mind.
Were you surprised to beat him with that shot game seven overtime? I mean, you know, it was a tough angle. Did you kind of surprise yourself a bit there?
Yeah. Oh yeah, for sure. I mean,
I just made a quick play to Lindholm in the front and he took a shot off the
goalie's head and like ripped it right off his head.
So puck bounced out to me.
It was laying flat.
And if you played hockey, you know,
if you're taking a shot off the stick with a flat puck, you know,
you're probably going to get some luck if it goes in.
And I put it in.
It literally went in the perfect spot there right above the shoulder,
right next to the head and, you know, got a good bounce.
It was looking like he might steal that series for a second.
Were you guys panicking at any point before overtime during game seven at all?
I wanted somebody to run him.
Yeah, I was like, Looch, get in there and just blow him up.
Stick him right in the dick.
We'll take the five-minute penalty.
And go.
Yep.
But, no, we were pretty calm, I like calm i think you know i mean we were
out shooting them by like 40 or 50 shots or something and we were in their zone the whole
time i mean they'd get a look here and there and you know obviously anything can happen in overtime
but they did have one look from seg and they passed the back door i don't know how he missed
i thought it was an empty net i think he just deflected off the stick. It was kind of a hard pass.
And I thought from the bench, I was on the bench, thought it went in.
I thought game was over.
Then we came back down and scored, won it all.
I remember that.
He just came out of the box too.
You guys didn't capitalize on the PP.
That was when I threw a pillow at the television.
Yeah.
I was in my hotel room shitting bricks if you guys wouldn't have got past that
round i thought you guys had it i thought the battle of alberta you guys were gonna bend them
over and you talked about the the injury was that one of the best playoff performances you've ever
seen by dry sidle considering he only had one leg yeah i mean those guys were those guys were nuts
and playoffs i mean and with missing our top defensive D-man,
our D kind of got mixed up, and it hurt us for sure, you know,
not having Danny play.
But, I mean, like what you saw, I mean, those two guys,
they were playing great the whole series, the series before that.
And, you know, it's you know stop two players and play
like that so um but yeah I mean they're a good team that last year I thought we were the better
team but you know they end up winning I I gotta ask I mean I know the season didn't end the way
you wanted but that line I mean it was nuts I mean you could chuck yourself and Lindholm over
120 goals 300 points like had you ever really felt any sort of connection
with another line like that in your life,
whether it be when you're younger, college?
Because the fact that you guys were able to, like,
figure out each other's games that well,
it must have been such a fun season just buzzing around with them.
Yeah, it was awesome. It was a blast.
We kind of each, like, brought something little to the whole line.
Like, Chucky, obviously, you know, big body, can sit in the front and get pucks in the corner.
And obviously still all three, you know, super skilled, smart players,
can see the ice, you know, knows where we're at at all times.
But, and then Lindholm's got that sneaky, like really good shot that,
you know, I don't think a lot of people know about.
And for me, I was just trying to, you know, make plays and go from there.
But, you know, every, like we all had something just trying to, you know, make plays and go from there. But, you know, we all had something that made our line kind of like
a pretty good line to play against.
So it just, I mean, it reminds me of probably playing with Billy Arnold
and Kevin Hayes maybe, BC a little bit that one year, my junior year.
We kind of just absolutely tore it up that year.
And it kind of reminds me of this year.
Johnny, that was your first experience of the Battle of Alberta in the playoffs.
Was it the most intense hockey you've ever experienced?
Yeah, I mean, to be honest, I thought it was a harder series against Dallas.
You know, just with the physicality and how tight it was.
And, you know, we were winning one nothing games or two one
games or losing three two and with those games i think they were just way more offensive you know
ice was super open and um you know i thought we kind of played into their game you know kind of
you know rushes against and you know they're i think they're probably a little more skilled
team than us and you know when you start playing that chance for chance game you know when they
have McDavid and Jerry say oh it's probably going to hurt you and in the long run I think that that's
what kind of hurt us in that series as well when you talk to Yarmul I don't know if you talked to
Brad Larson either was there any mention of like who you might possibly play with when the season
gets going or is that just so not even really on your radar yet yeah not even on the radar i was you know i haven't met anyone in that
whole organization other than a few of the guys on the team so you know i was just you know meeting
everyone and you know excuse me checking out the rink and the city and doing my press conference so
talked to him a little bit yesterday two days ago uh. Lars, just, you know, what he expected out of me and training camp and stuff like that.
But nothing, nothing other than that, really.
Well, now that the first part of our interview is done, now we're just going to spend the rest of the next 30 minutes talking about Daryl Sutter.
What was it like being coached by Daryl Sutter?
Now, did you guys have a great relationship?
Could you tell us and share some stories that ever get mad at you?
Yeah. Oh, I mean, he got mad every single day.
It didn't, it didn't matter who you were, you know,
if you were first liner, fourth liner, you know, scratch player,
like if you did something wrong, you're getting yelled at.
So he didn't care who you were. And I think I kind of,
that's what I really liked playing for him. You know,
he expected the same out of were. And I think I kind of  that's why I really liked playing for him. You know, he expected the same out of everyone.
And, you know, I think he did a really good job with our team.
I don't think a lot of people thought about our team making playoffs or going to the second round before the season started.
And, you know, he kind of just brought us together, you know.
But I liked playing for him a lot.
I thought he was a great coach.
And he did a lot of good things for,
for me and our team.
Any funny stories though,
of like shit that he would do in the room and like he would leave and
everybody just be looking at each other laughing.
I mean, when he would get mad, he wouldn't even, you wouldn't know he's,
you would, you knew he was mad,
but then he'd walk out of the locker room and you just hear like 10 seconds
of shit being broken
i don't know what it is there's a stick you know something else like there's like these plaques of
like past team on the wall like falling down and lights are breaking and he's done he did it like
two or three times throughout the year and you can just like he doesn't stop he just keeps going
and going it's like 20 seconds, 30 seconds, just smashing stuff.
I'm like, oh my God, I've got to play better this period.
It was a soundtrack.
He would just play it as soon as he left.
He's not even screaming or anything.
He's just smashing crap.
I love it.
What did Chucky say when he found out you went to Columbus?
Was he one of those Columbus question marks?
Yeah, he was  no, he was happy for me.
He shot me a text, and he's like, I heard so many good things about that city.
You know, he's like  kind of gives me like  he's obviously from St. Louis,
but he's like, it gives me like a St. Louis kind of vibe.
And so  but he was super happy for me.
And, you know, as you said, you know, wish we could still be playing together.
But, you know, as you said, you know, wish we could still be playing together, but, you know, all the best.
And his whole family, his mom, dad, you know,
all good people got to know over the past, you know,
four or five years playing with him.
So, but yeah.
Pretty sick that, I mean, you make the first team all-star team.
Like, that's unbelievable.
I think with the forwards were you, Matthews, and Marner.
There's no chance.
You didn't have any, like, bonuses for bonuses for that did you i don't think so i'm not sure that's why he left the fuck first first first line left wing nhl all sorts of i don't get shit yeah i don't
even know i mean maybe i doubt it i feel like would have known by now, but that's all right.
No big deal.
It was really cool.
It was a cool accomplishment.
I mean, like, that's something that not a lot of players get to do.
So that was really cool when I heard my name for that.
So it comes down to Jersey and Columbus, I guess.
How does Columbus know about Jersey at the end of the day, Johnny?
For me, I think I always said I wanted to play closer to home,
but it wasn't too close to where I'm getting bombarded with friends and family
and just always nonstop, just basically an open-door policy,
come in whenever you want, and that's the way we kind of are down the shore here.
My buddies around just come in and this and that, but if we kind of did it all year i i think they've
gotten a little out of hand at times but um it's far enough where me and my wife can do our own
little family thing you know we're obviously having our first kid coming up here so you know
it's close enough where they you know can visit all the time it's an hour flight it's a six hour drive uh if you're going a little bit
faster um and they can come whenever they want and uh we can you know kind of do our own little
thing at times too so did you pick a name yet um no i don't know what it's gonna be i don't know
if it's gonna be a boy or a girl oh you're not finding out going old school nice no yeah that's
what we did it's the best yeah i mean we talked about it every single day we're like you're not finding out? Going old school. Nice. No, yeah. That's what we did. It's the best.
Yeah, I mean, we talked about it every single day.
We're like, we're not sure what it's going to be.
It's something that we talk about every day.
So I think it's kind of been making it go a little bit faster, you know.
So we'll see.
It's the last true surprise in life until Biz comes home early from a business trip and his old lady's getting double teamed with a gang bang.
comes home early from a business trip and his old lady's getting double teamed
with a gang bang.
Johnny, thank you so much,
dude. I mean, that's...
We really appreciate you hopping on. You were the talk
of free agency and when that all broke, it was crazy
news and we were excited to chat with you. So, congratulations,
man. Yeah. Yeah. Thanks, guys.
Thanks for having me.
Again, super sorry about that
mop head on your hair.
I'm going to be heading you up for tickets in Columbus.
I'm going to be selling them on StubHub or actually,
we actually use the game time app now. Shout out to game time. Love you guys.
But last, if you had to guess,
whether you think it's going to be a boy or a girl,
what do you think it's going to be Johnny?
Probably, probably a girl. I think a girl, but every single person that looks at my wife, they're like, Oh, it's gonna be johnny uh probably probably a girl i think a girl but every single person that looks
at my wife they're like oh it's a boy and every single person like every single person will say
it's a boy and i'm hey it's nuts do do a gender reveal with the canon just think about it just
give it out of the canon out of the cannon gender reveal let the come in with a bang
buddy yeah columbus fans deserve it hey but on a serious note man i'm so happy for that fan base
i'm happy for you and i wish you the best uh in columbus and fuck just slide it over to linea
you're gonna have 70 million assists this season so yeah i know right excited to watch you guys
play yeah thanks guys i appreciate it huge thanks, guys. I appreciate it.
Huge thanks to Johnny for joining us at short notice.
I did a little DM slide business.
I haven't done that for a while.
I was like, I had a couple cocktails.
I'm like, yeah, maybe we'll get Johnny Hockey on.
He's like, absolutely.
I'll squeeze some time for you.
I was like, nice.
Nice to land a big guy like that.
So it's a sight to get him on.
Absolutely.
I want to let you know that his interview was also brought to you by Labatt Blue.
There's a little bit of Canadian kindness in every sip of Labatt Blue light.
How did it get in there?
They're Canadian.
That's how.
You can spread the love yourself by sharing a Labatt.
When you share a Labatt, you're not just sharing a beer.
You're sharing an experience that'll pair with anything from hockey to a hoedown.
So next time you're watching a game with your buds, be sure to share a Labatt,
because while you might not all root for the same team,
you can all enjoy Labatt Blue Light.
Once again, Barstool will be working with Labatt all year,
and we have some exciting content coming up like this weekend at the Chicklets Cup.
So go grab some Blue Light and enjoy.
Labatt, the pristine Canadian pilsner.
Share a Labatt.
We are a Labatt podcast, and that's never going to change.
Mark my fucking words.
Love it.
Labatt.
Love it.
Boy, so we didn't really get to the deal much because we had to get right to Johnny,
but we were all blown out of the water.
I mean, he obviously explained his methodology and whatever, but what did I say last week?
Yep.
I said it.
I said there's going to be a team not one person has thought about
in terms of the possibility of them landing Johnny Goudreau
that comes flying in last minute.
It always happens every single year.
And it just so happens that not only did an unknown team come flying in,
but they got him.
And because that was the case, I kind of was waiting to be
surprised. I thought if it was Philly or Jersey or the Islanders or all these teams that he was
kind of rumored to be possibly going to, that it would have happened a little sooner that day.
But the fact that it took a little while, it's like, all right, who's involved here? And boom,
the news breaks. I still, I mean, he says he can't believe people were that surprised.
I kind of can, right? Because like there just had been no discussion whatsoever. And with the season Columbus had, which granted they were better
than I think people thought they were going to be right around 500. But it's just, it wasn't a team
that was on anyone's radar. And for him to go there, it just shows that not only is Columbus,
I think a way better city than people give them credit for, but also that the team really is
looking to win. And Jarmo has been very open about kind of changing the entire tune
around the image of the city and the team.
Panarin wanted to leave.
Duchesne wanted to leave.
They went through all of those defections and looking kind of foolish the entire time
and finally were able to land a big fish.
That, along with Wierenski willing to sign a long-term deal there,
it's now looking up in the city of Columbus.
And for me, it's exciting for a guy like Johnny Goudreau
because I don't care what he says,
and I think he's very respectful to Canada,
but the lack of media and the lack of every single day
there being a front-page story and such news-breaking material
out of every practice
is probably a great feeling i i know having played in canada the thought of of i think of freddie
anderson going from toronto to carolina it's just like oh it's just a little nicer you can do your
job and you can show up and go to work without stressing every single day about a giant story
possibly being in the news about you or your team.
Well,
well that you say the wrong thing in the media and then they just run with it.
And it just becomes more and more stressful.
Mind you,
he is very well media trained.
He never really says the wrong thing.
He allows us to do that.
I said it at the end guys,
like I couldn't be happier for the Columbus blue jackets fan base.
Like the first time in their history, they're able to land a big name free agent
to this magnitude.
R.A., you just said that there's only, what, five guys over how many years
who have had more points than him?
Since the 14-15 season started, only five players have more points than Johnny.
McDavid, Kane, Crosby, Dreissel, and Marshall.
No shit.
And you look at what Y Jarmo has been able to do
in a very difficult circumstance,
and you talked about the free agents who ended up leaving.
Well, now you got Wierenski locked in.
You got Johnny Hockey.
They don't have any bad contracts.
Now that they have these two pieces,
and I would imagine they're trying to work out a deal for Patrick Laine,
which will now probably entice him to sign there. I don't know what's going to happen with him he's a
restricted free agent um I would imagine that considering Yarmul made the trade that he did
in order to get him and given up Dubois that they are probably trying to lock in Laine long
long term and when you have a playmaker like Johnny Goudreau snapping it over to him, I could see line A now being a 50 goal guy.
Year over year playing with this guy.
Look what he's done help with Kachuk and Lindholm.
And that's not taking anything away from those guys.
They obviously had an incredible line and they worked very well together.
But to have that type of a sniper on your wing and on the power play that you can feed where he's in some cases automatic and he goes through these hot streaks.
And going back to the amount of guys that they can maybe draw over now and in a city with and you also touched on it where you don't got to deal with the media night in and night out.
You can go enjoy a nice dinner with your family and not get harassed. And maybe even in most circumstances, not even be noticed, right?
You're probably as a college football player there,
you're probably getting noticed more than you are a Columbus blue jacket.
So I'll reiterate it again,
seeing a small market like that land a guy like Johnny Goudreau,
I couldn't be happier. I think it's fucking great for the league.
Shifting the focus over to, you know, Brad tree living. goudreau i couldn't be happier i think it's fucking great for the league um shifting the
focus over to you know brad tree living i've stroked him off plenty of times in this podcast
there's only a few reasons as to why i was able to play in the national hockey league as long as i
did or even the fact get a sniff was because of him and don maloney and they signed me to a couple
one ways and i'm forever grateful and he's done an incredible job in Calgary as the general manager there.
I couldn't imagine the disappointment
in hearing that not only offering Johnny
the one more year, but more money
and then having him turn that down
must have been devastating.
Because now who knows what Kachuk does
at the fact that he doesn't have his centerman back.
So I don't know where they go from here. They still have to now lock in Matthew Kachuk does at the fact that he doesn't have his centerman back so I don't know where they go
from here they still have to now lock in Matthew Kachuk the city of Calgary some people have been
very very adamant about their frustration and disgust and they feel betrayed by Johnny I am in
the realm of you've done your time you've've played there. And when you become a free agent,
you have the right to go where any,
anywhere you want.
And Mike Commodore ended up sending out a pretty funny message on our,
our Instagram.
Now I don't agree with everything commie says,
but you have to imagine that at some point the COVID situation and what
players in Canada had to go through and who knows if it ends up.
And have to possibly again.
You never know, right? You just never know.
I think that that definitely wore on a lot of players,
at least a lot that I've talked to. And,
and that you have to imagine becomes a factor.
It might not come out of the guy's mouth publicly because they don't want to
deal with online backlash,
at least more so that he has for the end up getting to leave after free agency but he's not only getting it from the fans he's getting it from local media who he probably
had relationships with his whole time in calgary and now he's getting it from news anchors for
crying out loud and grinnell you can roll the clip of what the news anchor ended up shooting at him.
And I don't know if we want to roll the clip of what the Columbus news anchors
ended up firing back, which I thought was a very witty reply
and not going too hard at the guy who ended up chirping Johnny.
And that's the news for now.
I'll be back here at 11, unless a news station in Columbus offers me way less money.
And I'll probably go do that.
Here's your five-day forecast.
So salty.
I know, but Andrew Brown, news news anchor your ship just came in from columbus because we here at fox 28 news
at 10 happen to be flush with cash so stacia tell them all about our generous offer well bob
andrew we're offering you the job of exclusive johnny goudreau beat reporter filing nightly
reports on johnny hockey here on the nation's most watched Fox 10 o'clock newscast and our sister station, ABC 6.
And Marshall, what are we prepared to pay?
Well, Andrew, the check is already cut and we are going to pay you way less money.
Now, we're going to make sure it's way less money and we're going to pay you in Canadian funds.
That's right.
And unlike where you're working now, Andrew, we're paying for this. You see the signature there. Not taxpayers. So it's way less money, and we're going to pay you in Canadian funds. That's right. And unlike where you're working now, Andrew, we're paying for this.
You see the signature there.
Not taxpayers.
So it's guaranteed.
We hope to hear from you soon so you can know what Johnny Hockey knows,
that Columbus is a fabulous place to live.
So there you have it.
So not only has he shocked the hockey world,
but he's creating even more attention from the from outside sources
just beyond the league in order to garner more attention to the nhl so that's why all in all
i love the move i think it's great for the league and i'm just really happy that johnny's happy
um i i don't like like you said though like i don I don't I don't really. And I know this kind of goes against my early hatred for the Islanders, who I actually now really like is how much I hate the Rangers and their fans.
But I don't. Really go against or disagree with the fans who like hate the drone now, like it's just that that's part of like sports like you, you hate your enemies. You hate somebody who you think looks at you and says, I don't want to be there.
And it's all understandable in terms of how you treat the guy and what you say to him and possibly write in his DMs.
I think you're ridiculous if you're kind of like yelling at him basically through the Internet.
But I do understand how people are so frustrated and watching somebody and buying the jerseys and loving his game and then him just saying thanks, but no thanks.
And not only is it that, but it's like leaving money on the table to leave your city.
So it's like that's what makes sports so great is the passion.
But for a player to find the experience, and I know he mentioned how almost nerve wracking the entire day was, he doesn't necessarily want to do it again.
You got to understand it's your right.
Exactly like you said, Biz, you've you got to understand it's your right exactly like
you said biz you've you've you've played long enough that this is your right based on the
collective bargaining agreement uh i think just as many people were shocked at the fact that he
didn't go to new jersey which everybody kept hearing that he wanted to play closer to home
and it even came out of his his mouth as he mentioned during the interview. But how many cases, R.A., have we seen where a player ends up going back home
and it falls way flatter than what their expectations were based on the pressure?
Of course, added on top of that, the amount of money they're making,
so that's being held against them.
Every member of the family, distant cousins, cousins you never even heard or didn't even know you had reaching out for tickets
all of it combined i i could completely understand why somebody would never want to go home home
i think when we see a part usually guys later in their career when they maybe you know i can deal
with it a lot better you know they're more well equipped to yeah, not too many like young guys really end up signing with their
hometown team. I'm trying to think of one off the top of my head.
And I mean, you know, maybe it's a virus to Toronto, but he was, you know,
a little bit older, a little more experienced. I think that's gone well so far.
Yeah. He's pumped deal with that media, but to, to jump on with point.
Yeah. You expect the fans to be donkeys online and be upset.
Cause that's what fans do. But when the media jumps in like that,
like, like this one one guy, Eric Francis.
Yeah. And that was fucking nuts because that guy's a well-respected like for him to say like that he owed them is fucking crazy to me.
I'm sorry to take away your quote. Go ahead.
I says they were willing to make him one of the highest paid players in the game.
And in turn, he turned around at the 11th hour and stabbed him in the back i think you owe the city a little bit more than that it's like
dude you gave the city 11 years like you did everything i never got in trouble in the news
whatever and stabbed him in the back like it's like what are you talking about and it wasn't
the 11th hour he told him fucking two days before free agency and then another radical and uh do
hatchick i think on the athletic he's like oh he left them high and dry it's like dude i don't
think they were gonna get either to brink it or fiala or anyways they didn't have a
first round pick so like they were gonna be in the same boat and then i love this one they brought
up like oh he's not in philly he's not he's close but he's not as close as he thinks and he brings
up what about getting an emergency babysitter service if they need someone to help out it's
like buddy he's not in fucking australia 70 million bro he's in the fucking Australia. He just signed for 70 million, bro. He's in the fucking... He's got 14 nannies.
Exactly.
I'm like, I'm not to mention the baby's coming September.
Usually, like, one of the mothers of a...
You know, because the guy's on the road.
Usually, one of the mothers comes and stays with him.
It's just crazy points they're reaching for.
It's like, dude, just let it go, dude.
Like, you sound fucking crazy right here.
But we're psyched for him.
But I want to ask you, Biz.
There's this signing.
They also signed Eric Goodbranson, four years, 16 mil. And they they are going to sign line i think it's pretty much a fate accompli
at this time just a matter of how long he does are they going to get back in the playoffs with
that with this they ought to i would think so i i think that next year that they probably will not
make playoffs i i agree with you i don't think next year they're in but they got if they can lock in line a they have
an awesome nucleus to start and start drawing in maybe more free agents they got a lot of young
guys in the pipeline we know that yarmo knows how to draft and develop and i think that they have a
very very and they just got that new coach last year then is it the name
head coach no brad larson oh for fuck I'm an idiot that's what I meant to
say hey if I could jump in real quick there's one prospect I want to talk about he's a little
off the radar his name's Kirill Mashenko he played in ska last year second round pick from 2018
he's the guy to keep an eye on there's a lot of talk about Kent Johnson Cole Sillinger those are
the big dogs the first round picks Kirchenko, keep an eye on him.
And if anything, Calgary should be thanking Johnny
because that money that they were going to give him
meant that they weren't going to be able to finish the sidewalks
outside of their new building.
And now, therefore, he's leaving.
They can use that money for the cement
that was supposed to be for the sidewalks.
I know there was a big battle going on between the organization, the city.
Well, there you go. So in fact, Francis,
you should be thanking Johnny for leaving.
And I'll say once again,
I hate to sound like the guy dogging on fans.
Players owe you nothing. Absolutely nothing. Like little,
little, little, little, little, little less than nothing i'll say so it's like
it's just i know people think that you know assist they don't owe you shit and it sounds bad to say
but it's the truth yeah no offense and obviously you got do you think this permanently changes the
perception of columbus where a guy like him goes there and you know it does for the short for the
short term it does and if they go on and a guy like
Schillinger makes a big step up and Gani Corelli's Cornelli's talking about line ends up getting 45
like yeah they could make the playoffs and then all of a sudden it's like wow free agent sees that
Gaudreau was willing to do it goes there has a great season the team does well and it's like
wait a minute maybe this is a better destination than always has been thought of. So I actually have always heard, I've always heard how great of a place it is to live.
No joke, no niche, no song.
I thought one thing Goudreau said that was really interesting was when he talked to Kachuk,
and Kachuk said it was a lot like St. Louis.
I could picture St. Louis being like, I mean, I could picture Columbus being like the future St. Louis
because the media presence is the same. guys love staying there after they go it just they seem
very similar yeah uh biz i saw you retweeted tweet about uh math kachuk possibly going back to st
louis is that a no i'm just stirring it up i'm just believing anything the interwebs is throwing
at me room boys well one of the cities we did mention the way he did not end up.
Matter of fact, they didn't even offer him a deal.
The Philadelphia Flyers.
My new favorite team.
My new favorite team, Chucky.
I mean, they didn't even make an offer.
And then, you know, Chuck Fletcher's quotes,
we don't have the space, the cap space,
to pursue those kinds of free agents, i.e. Goudreau.
They said they were going to do an aggressive retool. Some contracts are hard to move. Others
we didn't want to move. They're a big part of our future. It's basically like they didn't even try.
I mean, they didn't even make an effort. He is at the four seasons right now on the beach somewhere
sipping a Mai Tai and he could not be bothered. And that's it's the off season who cares it's not he doesn't have to work i i have two theories
he's playing 3d chess and he's got this whole thing figured out and philly's gonna surprise
everybody with torts and they got those lunch pail type players and they're gonna make playoffs
or he's still working for the penguins. It's either one, right?
He's imploding it from within.
With the wild.
No, I know he went to the wild, but his heart lies with the Penguins.
I believe he won a cup there as the assistant general manager,
if I'm not mistaken, with Ray Shiro.
I think, is that true?
Was he still there? I believe so, yes.
I want to say his first big landing spot where he was able to be
an assistant general manager.
I could be completely mistaken, but he has to either be working for their biggest rival or he's playing 3D chess.
R.A., what do you think of my analogy?
It's an interesting one.
I think Flyers fans might be the angriest of any fan.
And I don't really blame them.
Right.
I mean, they got corporate ownership, which sucks. Like when Comcast or any conglomerate owns your team,
it's you'd much rather have the Sniders or any family like the Jacobses.
That's better than having fucking Comcast on.
It turns into such a business already where you're saying like,
it's like, look at the numbers.
Nope, doesn't work.
Like it's all about the net revenue.
It's like, how do we pimp out gritty uh 16 times this season too like that that's they're
no they're more known for gritty than than their fucking play on the ice right now uh and then yeah
chuck fletcher man he gets roasted online every day he talks about an aggressive retorn there's
no disrespect to the guys he signed uh nick delarie a four-year deal justin braun brings him back for
a year and it's like you know you're a big budget team man like that's the money spent in all weird
places it's just i I don't know.
I haven't said that.
I wouldn't write them off next year, man.
They had a good squad last year. They'll be better because of Torts.
Torts is there.
They're going to be healthier.
If Couturier is healthier, Hazy is going to be healthier.
And Cotterhart didn't play bad last year, man.
That team stunk in front of him.
And, of course, when you're the goalie, you're going to have some bad goals
and a lot of goals.
What's up with Ellis?
Any word there?
I think he had a bad hip last year and then he probably saw how they were
playing halfway through and he's like,
Oh,
it's still bugging me.
I'll see you on the beach,
Chuck.
Yeah,
I,
I don't see them making playoffs.
I definitely see them competing a lot harder.
That's kind of obvious.
Who do you think has a better year,
Philly or Ottawa?
I think Ottawa will be on the cusp of playoffs but i also we'll get to ottawa later i know i know i'm just thinking i'm thinking of teams that have made like listen the the moves in in the
craziness kind of speak for themselves as to the maybe the mismanagement and the and the corporate
element that you just described already but the fact that Chuck Fletcher woke up and chose violence on free agency day
with those quotes, he's my favorite GM right now.
Nubro Uno, there is not a close second.
He is just going at it with Philly fans.
And this is why we love sports.
He's going to have to traveliladelphia in an armored vehicle for
imagine a diehard flyers fan that whole day and it's like four o'clock east and you're just like
what's going on then boom deloria grown and i put his quote on deloria goes players like that
around the league are hard to find just like johnny hawk he's growing on yeah i mean it I mean, when you know guys' contracts are up,
you're playing years ahead of time to make room for it.
And that's what I think pisses the fans off.
It's like you don't do it fucking a week before, a day before, man.
You got to map the shit out way ahead of time.
So, yeah, lots of angry people in Flyers land.
But, oh, biz, sorry.
No, I honestly think that the league, it's like scripted at this point
at the shit that's been going on.
It's like Bettman's running it all,
and all these storylines are being created,
like the Wizard of Oz behind the scenes.
This is how amazing free agency was.
WWF style.
We just mentioned who's going to be better, Philly or Ottawa.
Well, the Senators, very active in the last week,
and they're going to be much improved no matter what,
especially after landing a fly as legend.
Prized free agent Claude Giroux signed a three-year, 19.5 million deal.
He's got a no-move clause for the duration.
They also got Cam Talbot in the trade from Minnesota.
They gave him Philippe Gustafson back, the goaltender.
Talbot's 35 in the last year of his deal, making 3.6 million.
And they also locked down 23-year-old center Josh Norris
with an eight-year, 63.6 million deal. A locked down 23 year old center josh norris with an eight year 63.6
million dollar deal uh average aav just under eight million it's going to take him through 2030
this kid's a young stud they're locking up all these young studs but bringing a guy like drew
bringing a goalie like talbot is this enough to get them in the playoffs biz or what i think that
they're just outside looking in but they're gonna be there they're gonna be battling though just like i talked about columbus i am so happy for ottawa they're i'm not sure whether this has to
do with the fact that they're trying to solidify that new rink downtown and they need to put a more
competitive team on the ice dorian is that how you say his last name he has done an excellent job so far in Norris.
If we want to start there,
I look at this one the same way I look at that Robert Thomas deal,
maybe a little expensive at the beginning for what he's proven, but come year four,
five,
six,
this is going to be an absolute steal.
I think it's a steal already.
I think he's fucking nasty.
35 tucks last year.
He was incredible.
I couldn't be happier for the guy and the fact that this team is now making waves.
So well-earned.
But you got to admit, that is a lot of money for a guy who basically just had one good season.
But who cares?
good season but who cares the Talbot situation I kind of look at that as Billy J Billy G taking a huge sky dump on the agent's car like like like from the top of the CN tower type of sky dump
mind you he gets to go and be a starter for a team who's going to be a lot more competitive
than they were so I don't know if talbot necessarily gets fucked because of
this but more so put in a situation where it's like hey you got one year left in your deal man
and i know you're getting a little bit older but if you want to go prove that you can be a starter
go prove that you can be a starter and secure your own bag and then you don't really have to
share the net with flower so i'll throw it over to you with like what do you make of you think
that that's a big fuck you from Billy G to the agent?
Not necessarily because I think the agent just kind of wanted him out of
there. That's how I took it. Right.
Like he almost got what he hoped for. Right.
In terms of like getting the chance to be the number one,
that Norris signing, I was playing golf with Kevin Hayes.
He was telling me like, did. This kid is sick.
And,
and you look back to when you realize that you're going to have to trade a
superstar that in the end will be a depreciating asset as he gets older in
the way that Eric Carlson was,
was traded.
And now you look at Josh Norris as being the guy that was a part of that
deal.
It's like that.
That's a good trade.
I mean,
it was hard at the time and they had gotten to the game seven of the stand
of the Easter conference final and you end up losing Eric Carson,
but look at what you have now.
You have a true number one center and that line with Chuck and Batherson is
sick. And then on the second line, you're going to have Drew,
you're going to have to bring it and you're going to have Stutzel.
So it's like, I think maybe we mentioned like that top six dude is looking really nice.
I don't know if they'll get in playoffs.
Like you said, Biz, I think that they back
Their defense are too thin.
Their defense aren't exactly where they need to be, but it's a start.
And my biggest thing is I've long said Ottawa would be in my top five places
I'd never want to play.
But it all had something to do with where their frigging rink is. And if you've
never been to a game, I'm telling you it's in the middle of fucking nowhere, absolute nowhere.
You're just in fields, giant fields with nothing near you. If they get a rink downtown, dude,
that changes everything, everything. And, and I think what you said to either one of you guys,
in terms of getting a team that can compete and
getting a team that could be a little more competitive,
it makes it easier to possibly get this rink downtown where then the same
way,
if the coyotes can get a fucking rink in Scottsdale or wherever it's going
to be Tempe,
not there needs to backyard.
Yeah.
There needs to be like the rink in an area that players want to
play in i it's so much more important than people think but now with this team it's going to be a
better team they're much improved maybe that really helps them get a rink where the team could
actually succeed because where it's at now is a disgrace and i mean we didn't really touch on the
brink it that much you know I know you just mentioned him briefly.
He's going to be on the second line with Giroux and Stutzel.
I don't know what Chicago was thinking on that one.
I mean, I understand.
My whole theory on that one, I had my Chuck Fletcher theory,
but my theory is Chicago is trying to make that team as bad as possible
to the point where Patrick Kane and Taves are like,
all right, we're going to waive our no-move clause.
Fuck, we'll even go to Arizona if we have to.
That's kind of where I think that that situation's at.
But to give Debrink it up, a young stud who can put the puck
in the back of the net.
And I commend the guy in Chicago because I think he's made a lot of good moves.
He ended up getting draft picks for Flower.
He's gotten rid of a lot of,
to make the team as shit as possible,
but when a guy's that young and that good,
I think that that might be one component
that you want to keep,
but credit to Ottawa for being able to lock him up,
and now they have a very deadly top six.
So very happy with the moves they've made.
And that's why they're at the top of the list here
at the podcast as far as discussions.
Two teams that never, ever would have been described
as organizations that might be really making
the biggest steps in the free agency market come July.
So it's cool to see markets that kind of deserve
to have some big signings go
their way.
The same way biz mentioned with the Columbus fans finally fired up and
celebrating for once.
Absolutely. Yeah. I don't think I got to get a top four D,
but they got a great coach DJ Smith. Obviously I bet the shit out.
And last year I watched him a ton. The team never quit, man.
They did not quit no matter how much they were down.
They always battle back. So, you know,
Brandon guys like Talbot drew to bring it.
They can only probably get better, I would imagine.
Meanwhile, they had a deal with their, what's it, provincial rival,
Toronto Maple Leafs.
The Toronto Maple Leafs, man, their goaltender,
talk about a merry-go-round.
They ended up getting Matt Murray from Ottawa,
a third and 23 and a seventh and 24 for the old future considerations.
Basically, it was a salary dump.
Ottawa was going to eat, I think, 25 of the contract.
Now, obviously, Murray, he's a kid when  a guy, a player.
When he went to Otto, I was like, man, I want this kid to resuscitate his career.
It was such a great story.
Then, you know, I know his dad passed away, and he just kind of was struggling a bit.
But if you're the Leafs, man, like, you know, you're a contender.
You're all trying to get to the cup area, and you're bringing in a guy
who's somewhat of a reclamation project.
It's a real roll of the dice. And, you know, if he's not the answer what does is this if a dubious
i mean like um well not necessarily not necessarily and i know i mentioned to weeks on last week's
episode like i cannot believe they're willing to put like their their their future this team that
could truly win a stanley cup like in the hands of Matt Murray, but then the news breaks of Samson off.
Right.
And that is such a big signing because I will never sit here and say that
Samson might not be,
might end up,
he might be the true number one by the end of this season.
And,
and I think biz bringing up that Dubas has such a history with Murray and
it all goes back to the Sioux correct biz
well Weeks he brought it up but like when when I saw it go down that he's loyal like a dog to
these people in the Sioux and one name that Weeks he didn't bring up was Bunting Bunting was there
too right so do I believe that when Dubas brings his guys in he gives them a level of comfort to
where they're able to excel and play to
the best of their abilities.
All right.
When you ask the question,
if this doesn't succeed,
is he done?
If they don't get,
you got to imagine if they don't get out of the first round,
they just really don't have any other cards to play.
We said that this year,
but it started to drop,
but then it was such a great series.
Correct.
Correct.
It was like, you can't.
Even the Leafs hate it.
I said after, you cannot get rid of the coach or the GM after that season.
No.
But to take it, a lot of people are very critical of the fact that Dubas didn't make a lot of moves on free agency.
They don't have the cap space.
They sign the guys and they're rolling the dice or not rolling the
dice let me rephrase that and they got yarn croak today i like that move they got yarn croak now
that they gave him four years which seemed to be a lot of years for a guy who got moved at the
deadline went to calgary and i i think the overall perception is maybe calgary was a little bit underwhelmed with what he brought come playoff time um but i i'm okay they got they locked in giordano and got him at a very fair
price i want to say he signed for 800k so they already locked in a great defenseman considering
they're already the guys that they have um they didn't revisit Campbell from what my understanding is so
I kind of felt that that wasn't going to happen when uh the the GM for Chicago I I don't even
fucking know his name no offense he spilt the beans on that they were kicking tires on flower
at the deadline and then Dubas was fucking pissed because it basically ensured that he didn't maybe
have as much confidence as we expected in jack campbell well then i heard that they were just
maybe so far off or he didn't even offer anything to campbell assuming that he was going to get
offered more years and maybe even more money come free agency which we'll get to later so
am i overwhelmed with the moves that he made at the deadline?
No,
but he,
he risked it on bringing in a guy that he's comfortable with,
that he thinks is training and has a mind frame in which he's going to come
back and get back to exactly where he was when he was a back-to-back Stanley
cup champion for the Pittsburgh Penguins.
I am all in on Dubas.
I'm pushing my chips.
And I said it a couple podcasts ago i think
they're going to win back-to-back cups i don't give a fuck who thinks i'm crazy about this
everyone let's start with one screw you at least i have a fucking opinion on it i like the move
and i think that murray's going to get back to exactly where he was and i'm happy i'm happy with
with what they did in free agency. All right.
Well, we shall see.
Another Canadian team who had some goalie issues,
even though they went far this year, the Edmonton Oilers,
they hope they have their solution.
And the aforementioned Jack Campbell,
who they signed to a five-year deal for 25 million.
They also re-upped Evander Kane for four years, 20.5 million.
Brett Kulak is back for four years.
He was pretty big farther in the playoffs.
And they added Matthias Janmark as well biz is campbell the guy that's going to
help mcdavid get to the promised land i'll take this one over i'm an oil fan i'll say one thing
before handing it over i thought ken holland had a tremendous free agency and credit to you and
your team wit once an oiler always an oiler over to you and as team, Witt. Once an Oiler, always an Oiler. Over to you. And as an Oilers fan, and maybe sometimes considered the voice of Oilers Nation,
this is about as good as we could be expected, right?
Because there's not much money to go around, but we got a goalie.
And Mike Smith did a hell of a job.
He can't play anymore.
He's battling injury, doing the best he could.
Really wasn't on him.
Colorado was so fucking good. It didn't matter. But now you got Jack Kimball, Campbell, hungry, ready to prove
something. And the Kulak signing was big. I know people talk about actually, wow, they were able to
keep Evander Kane at a pretty good number. The reason they were able to keep Evander Kane is
because I don't think and it might be the same with Nazem Qadri right now. I don't think the
offers were out there that they may be considered would be.
You know, there was no six year deal at five a year for Vander Kane.
And you look back at the success he had.
It's almost like, all right, well, why would I switch things up?
Things went so good when I came over.
But Kulak was a guy that you heard was probably Gonzo.
Bunch of different teams expressing interest.
And he had a great run when he came over and they were able to bring him back.
So it's like, all right, now we're looking at basically the exact same team,
plus a little step up in net.
And granted, Colorado isn't going anywhere.
Now, they did lose a few things, but they're still going to be there looking to win another cup.
But the Oilers made it to the Western Conference final.
And I think, if anything, got better.
So when you look at the,
the overall prior years of free agency in Edmonton,
when things never really went that great,
and it's really hard to sign guys and blah,
blah,
blah.
Well,
this was finally a summer where you're like,
all right,
because of the way last season came about and ended,
even though we got swept,
the team made a big step forward and this offseason didn't hurt us in any way it
actually helped us so for me looking at like Dreitzel McDavid and what that team really did
when they really started humming along at the end of the year I'm very excited for the season to
come and I thought it was a great job by Ken Holland and expect some growth from some of their
younger guys who just had another year of experience like Yamamoto was out with a concussion when they had a point.
They got to sign him and Pooley Harvey.
They're both restricted and they have hard rights.
I think they're trying to get rid of Pooley Harvey.
Am I saying that he's not going to keep getting better?
I don't think he's got the best hockey sense.
And I think that maybe it's time to move on from him.
Was he third in the draft Grinnelly when Copper
went second I think yeah third or fourth overall because if that's yeah those two are
I don't know about two and three if that was the same draft I could be way off there but I know
but as I he's improved he went back to Finland that one year but it's just like I don't know
I don't know if and and ra i i don't
know if we mentioned this last podcast um had duncan keith retired at that point yeah we gave
him his props last yeah and and you know with him coming off the books it couldn't have worked out
better for ken holland from a sense where they could replenish themselves with signing kane to a
somewhat long-term deal bringing him back Because if they don't bring him back,
that's a totally different lineup.
That would have been a kick in the dick.
Especially with the fact that they ended up moving on from Cassian as well.
And to get rid of that contract and then lose some toughness and then get the
toughness back and then be able to basically transfer that money just into
Evander Kane's pocket. That is a dream type scenario.
And I think that the Edmonton Oilers are top four teams in the West right
now, and they are looking primed and ready to go.
I don't know who else they have in the pipeline, but look out.
They could, they could get there.
They could get to the promised lands.
Wait, Jesse Pooley-Arvey went fourth overall in the 2016 NHL draft.
That was the year Austin Matthews went first overall. the 2016 nhl draft that was the year austin
matthews went first i was right i was right once again i don't know shit
biz you think that d still needs a little bit of help though edmonton yeah
but but listen i think that bouchard made a lot of strides uh i think that he's gonna get better
so injured nurse was was his groin was hanging on by a thread and you know they got tyson berry who's
got experience who can help out on the power play so if they could if they could find some diamond
in the rough in order to get help and and solidify a very competent top four i think that the edmonton
oilers are in very good shape and and i i i i said it right after we left there i this that's the green bay
packers of the nhl i want that fan base to thrive they're obsessed they're hockey obsessed they
should be in playoffs every year i want to mention not to mention that they're now in the moment of
of that team's kind of not history but they're in the moment as an organization of like every
deadline now they're going to be looking to add.
So you can really make some additions come deadline time,
come halfway through the year in terms of what you think you need to make that
next step because it's win now mode with those guys and where they're sitting.
Ken Holland needs to continue what he did in free agency and pull off a Joe
Sackett type deadline to add the proper pieces for them to get
to the promised lands, in my opinion. And I think he can do it. I still think he's got a little bit
of magic in that, in that noggin of his. All right, moving right along. We got a word from
our friends at Shopify. Shopify is the all-in-one commerce platform to start, run, and grow your
business. Shopify gives entrepreneurs the resources once
reserved for big business. So upstarts, startups, and established businesses alike can sell
everywhere, synchronize online and in-person sales, and effortlessly stay informed. Shopify
offers online retailers a suite of services, including payments, marketing, shipping,
and customer engagement tools. Connect with your customers, drive sales, manage your day-to-day.
Shopify instantly lets you accept all major payment methods.
Shopify has thousands of integrations and third-party apps,
from on-demand printing to accounting to advanced chatbots and beyond.
So go to shopify.com slash chicklets, all lowercase,
for a free 14-day trial and get full access to Shopify's entire suite of features.
Grow your business with Shopify today.
Go to Shopify.com slash chicklets right now.
A lot of shopping going on in the NHL still because teams be shopping.
And the Carolina Hurricanes, they're shopping for a Stanley Cup because they made a couple of huge moves.
shopping and the Carolina Hurricanes, they're shopping for a Stanley Cup because they made a couple of huge
moves. They acquired defenseman
Brett Burns and Lane
Peterson from San Jose for Steve Lawrence,
goalie prospect E2
McEnany and a conditional third in
23. And they also got forward
Max Pacioretty and defenseman Dylan Coughlin
from Vegas for future considerations,
which is nothing really.
Burns still has three years left at 8 million.
San Jose is retaining a third of that, 2.7 mil.
And Pacioretty is in the last year of his deal, making 7 mil.
They also signed forward Andre Kasha at a year for 1.5 mil.
But, I mean, Carolina was already a contender, Witt.
Actually, I'll go to you, Biz.
They were already a contender.
To Burns and Pacioretty, put them over the top.
I mean, we're in a bust now with these guys, no?
One of the truest things ever said in this podcast was Witt saying
they just don't have a superstar.
They don't have that game breaker.
Well, they have what they have locked up as far as that core group.
So what do you go do?
You go add more guys to the list who can just help carry the weight,
who can help tug that rope.
And you add a 30 a big
bases automatic 30 goal score and patch ready and another guy a big body losing tony d'angelo and
everybody knew it was going to happen because he was on a one-year deal at a million bucks with
carolina he did unbelievable but to get a guy and a big body like brent burns the theme of this podcast is the small
markets in the nhl are now thriving and i fucking couldn't be happier they are a true contender
right now they if you look down the list they have so many big names that can help win them a cup
this this to me is going to be their best opportunity to do so and they got one year to do
it because patches is only has one year left on that deal it's it's awesome to see and we're going
to get to to vegas after and the fact of why they had to give up patches for for essentially nothing
but great job by carolina to to continue the growth of this organization with Rob the Bod.
I think that they looked at their team and looked at trying to compete against the top teams in the league and thought, like, we really need star power.
It's been so obvious.
And then to make those moves, I was impressed.
If they had just got Burns, I was like, wow, that's a big deal.
He plays with Slavin.
I think Brynden already said that's how we're going to try to start it out.
What a power combo that is.
And then, boom, Pacioretty's there.
And it's like they now have guys to play with Ajo to end up hopefully getting Neches,
whatever you say his name, going, who's shown at times that he's a complete stud.
There's just so many different options now for them up front with how they can work it. Now, losing Trochek's kind of a kick in the dick. So that's a complete stud. There's just so many different options now for them up front with how they can work it.
Now, losing Trochek is kind of a kick in the dick.
So that's a tough one.
But they still have a team now that is going to compete to win their division and really have a better chance to win the Stanley Cup than any other year prior.
I'm with you, Biz.
Yeah.
Yeah, certainly.
Certainly better than last year.
Looking forward to seeing them on the ice.
Pittsburgh.
After all that drama with Geno,
he decides to stay there after all.
Signs a four-year, 24.4 million deal,
a 6.1 million cap hit.
Per CapFriendly, Malkin is fifth
on their all-time career earnings tracker
with 118 million.
He will pass Shea Weber and Yair Mayyaga
with this new deal when it finishes.
You know who number one is?
For career earnings?
On their list, yeah.
Right ahead of Ovechkin.
Who'd you say it is?
I said it's Sidney Crosby right ahead of Ovechkin.
Yep, Sid number one with 138 million plus,
and then Ovi about a million behind him.
Which is how it should be.
Not too shabby.
So, yeah, they obviously got Malcolm.
They brought Ricard Ra raquel back six years 30
mil uh they brought in free agent defenseman jan ruta three years 8.25 mil who just won the two
cups with tampa so he brings that pedigree with him and then a couple trades as well uh they
acquired jeff petrie and ryan polling from montreal uh for michael matheson petrie's got three more
years left at six and a quarter mil uh and then they also obtained Ty Smith from New Jersey.
And New Jersey took him 17th overall back in 18.
And they gave up John Reno back to Jersey.
As the D guy, what's your take on those moves?
They had to make some moves on D.
Petrie's, you know, coming off a tough year.
But who in Montreal didn't have a tough year?
And I think prior to that, it was one
of those players where you look at like the Edmonton Oilers of the past and say, what the
fuck are you doing getting rid of a guy like this? I played with him early on his career. I've said
it many times. You could tell he was going to be a stud. Skates like the wind, passes hard,
accurate, can shoot the puck. And he got over to Montreal and really kind of became the player he
is today. I mean, he signed a huge deal. You mentioned he's making 6 million.
And last year, I think they were looking to trade him.
They would have liked to, but he was having a tough year.
And, you know, you can't really trade a guy and make it that much dough
when he's not playing good hockey.
But to be able to change how he was playing once St. Louis came in
and to understand that, like, if you're the Penguins, you look at this guy,
he can play a ton of minutes, dude.
And Mike Matheson has times when he's so dynamic,
but in terms of like being reliable and knowing what you're getting every
night,
like every coach,
you want to know what you're going to get Petrie for the most part,
take away last year is very consistent,
right?
Whereas Matheson has certain turnovers in certain games.
You're just like,
what is going on?
I don't know necessarily enough about Ty Smith,
but I do know that John Marino was not in Mike Sullivan's good graces,
I'll say.
Well, he had a great first year and then just...
Oh, he had a monster first year and then just kind of...
I mean, he was getting healthy scratch last year,
and it's like, all right, time to move on.
But the Petrie deal is big because I think it'll rejuvenate him
as a player and a person, and all of a sudden you're going from, well, Montreal's looking great for the future.
And I think in four years, you're looking at a team who could be a complete wagon.
But right now for Petrie, where he is in his career, he wants a chance to win.
And Pittsburgh's gunning for another cup final before this all ends with those three guys.
So I love the moves.
I respect the moves.
And I think Petrie's going to have a big year.
Yeah.
I look at that Marino and Ty Smith situation as they just need a change of
scenery.
Complete straight up wife swap,
both soft sixes give a hell of a rinse,
tons of upside,
obviously with that.
And,
you know,
hopefully they can both flourish in their new environments.
I think both had very good first years and then dipped and regressed a
little bit.
So I guess the joke going on online is how old Pittsburgh is now.
Like, fuck off with the fucking, oh, okay.
All these fucking nerds online they care about.
Like, the minute the team's average age gets up to, like, 30,
they're like, oh, fucking put them in old folks' home.
Like, what are you talking about?
That move in getting Pet petrie that one-two
combo of now having letang and petrie locking in evgeny malkin the fact that they ended up
resigning raquel i thought raquel was strong obviously he wasn't himself after he got rocked
against the rangers fucking hit dude jesus yeah i think i think he ended up coming back in game
seven seven yeah and he wasn't.
He probably shouldn't have even been playing.
But it justifies what they gave up in order to get them,
and then it also gives a guy for Malkin to play with, right?
And hopefully they continue to develop that chemistry,
whereas I don't know how many times I've said it so far on this podcast,
but Ron Hextall had probably one of the best free.
I don't know what people's expectations were in pittsburgh and what he was going to be able to accomplish and
bringing the band back together but he hit it out of the park and for the next season or two
they are going to be able to make one final run for the quote-unquote last dance i thought the
last dance was last season when they were going to bring back flower. And I had this whole story made up in my mind,
how it was all going to come to fruition.
Well, no,
but they get the chance to run it back a couple more times with the moves
that Ron Hextall has made.
It's just unfortunate.
He didn't save all of his good ones for when he was in Philly.
A lot, a lot of moves, but they,
did they improve enough to be considered a bonafide contender in the East?
They got Crosby. Theyalkin, LeTang.
They got good goaltending in Jari.
It's just a shame that he ended up getting hurt as well.
I think that there is not a chicken-dick's chance
in how you can count this team.
They completely outplayed the Rangers and deserved to win that series.
They would have went on to beat Carolina,
and they would have found themselves in the conference finals
against Tampa Bay. 100 that is is my story and i'm sticking to it
this team has another run left in them all right a team that hasn't had a run for a while but
they're slowly building to hopefully making a shitload of them the eyes are planned in detroit
oh my goodness slowly but surely coming together in motown. Wings were very aggressive on the free agent market.
Signed forward, Andrew Klopp, five years, 28.125 mil.
Not too bad for an AHL.
Forward, David Perron, two years, 9.5 mil.
Defenseman, Ben Sherratt, four years, 19 mil.
Dominic Kubelik, two years, 5 mil.
And Ole Matta, a year at 2.25.
Again, that's a lot of players to bring in. You got a new goalie.
You got, what do you call it, the two young guys there, Raymond and Sider.
Are they going to be better next year?
Is this enough to make them contend for a playoff spot this year?
Not yet.
Not yet.
And Simon or Simone Edmondson, that defense, are coming over.
I've brought this guy up a lot.
Wait till you see this monster.
But not yet.
And I think that the Cobb signing is their best one.
I love that guy's game.
He can play up and down a lineup.
He proved how much he can score with the Rangers and at times with the Jets.
I love that move.
The one that was getting dogged a little bit was Sherrod.
I think you saw Sherrod struggle a little bit in Florida and you saw what they gave
up for him.
And now he's gone.
You see what the fuck he's making over four million bucks kind of similar to how surprising the Gabranton deal was but listen
they were getting shellacked at the end of the season Detroit they needed to do something where
like all right we need to improve and if we're gonna pay this type of money for a guy like
Sherrod the cap's gonna go up in the next year or two. And if we get two years and maybe isn't the player that we thought he's going
to be,
you look and you reassess from where the team's standing at that point,
but they had to spend some dough and bring in some veterans in terms of like
there has to be improvement. And when you talk, I think a long time ago,
before maybe last year, I talked about all,
maybe Detroit just wants to kind of tank and be really bad for a couple of years.
You get a high pick, then you get another high pick.
Maybe get Conor Bedard after the 2023 season.
And it's like you don't want your young players learning to be OK with losing.
And Detroit ended up at the second half.
The first half was great, but in the second half, it was a nightmare.
And you cannot go into the season with a similar type lineup and just think,
all right, well, maybe we'll get a high draft pick.
But these guys are going to become accustomed to getting beat like this.
And so now you bring in some guys who maybe are considered overpayments,
but have proven to be legit NHL players and can help this team not get to the playoffs.
Now, hopefully that's what they do, but at least take a step to be a better competitive club.
Bingo. you got to learn
from the guys around you look at like they got perron one of them that's a fucking awesome one
awesome awesome signing and and those younger guys get to see a guy like that with the experience
what he can do on the power play like all the little subtleties to his game that make him the
the elite player that he is you have to learn from other guys, and you need those veterans
in order to nurture the young players.
And then they got Huso in net.
So this is, I look at them the same way I look at Columbus,
the same way I look at Ottawa.
I think that they're going to be a cusp team.
They're going to be on the outside looking in,
but just a drastic improvement to
the shellackings they were taking the goon squad was taking in the second half of that season so
how do you fucking say no stevie why it should be on it should be a league rule that he can't
hop on the phone to try to sign guys because you probably can't even say no to him that's why
moving forward man they're they're gonna they're going to, they're going to continue to get guys.
Cause talk about an undercover place to play too.
People love playing in Detroit.
And now that they're not a complete laughingstock,
they're just going to keep getting better and better and better.
And I best elect my pal Newsy head coach this year.
I hope he has some success there.
How did you not break that, that signing?
I tried, I try try i believe i put feels
out but do you know who did the team that no no oh yeah eiserman there you go remember he was the
only guy to not give in his seattle pick yeah yeah yeah i believe me i was fishing for it i was
dropping hints left and right hey i have one of my best friends is now working for the team i'm
not even gonna say in what position because i don't want
to screw him over but he was like sealed tight don't tell a soul don't mention my name on the
it's just they got what do you even call that when you have like this this brass that we're
going to silence they have this code of silence where did you already say the word right beforehand? People would get fired there telling you.
It's all about trust.
Stevie Y is the guy from the Fockers.
Meet the Fockers.
That's how they swear them in.
They got a wrist of bong.
Yeah, the circle of bong.
This is you, Greg.
I got nipples, Greg.
Can you milk me?
The New Jersey Devils, another team that got a player
that most people probably weren't expecting to go there.
Andre Palat, a playoff savant in Tampa the last few years,
signed a five-year, 30 million deal with the Devils,
the 31-year-old forward.
Seventh-round draft pick way back in 2011.
He's got a no-move clause and a modified no-trade clause
for the last two years of the deal. Again new jersey just mentioned they also got defenseman john
marino from pittsburgh they got eric holla from the bruins giving up pavel zaka and uh let's see
were you shocked with that pilate ended up in jersey i'd not to pick on him but another city
another player no one really had them going there um before really. Before you chime in, I just got to say that no team makes my dick softer
than the fucking New Jersey Devils.
Like, they do nothing for me.
I know.
I think, like, I don't know, playing in that rink, it's just  I know, man.
You hope to think that Hughes makes another step to become that dominant player
he looked like last year, and I just don't know man it's like a such
an organization right now that you feel like as close as they were according to johnny goudreau
really could have used him signing there right just for some excitement just for some more blood
in there in terms of like getting the fans excited for the season because i'm with you biz it's like
oh what are the what are the devils doing now Palat, that is a move you make when you're trying to change the culture
in a sense of bringing in somebody who knows what it takes to win.
It's similar to Perron in Detroit in terms of this guy has played
in so many big games and has done so many little things that it takes to win.
But it's going to be hard for him to recreate any of the magic he had
in Tampa with Jersey in the lineup.
And I mentioned that as people were kind of surprised, Tampa was willing to let him walk.
That's a depreciating asset.
I said it before.
It's like a Bill Belichick.
This guy is not exactly, in the next few years, going to look like he has the past two years.
And because of that, they're willing to move on.
And then you see a team like Jersey who needs culture
and needs a winner to come in and be willing to pay a guy
something that Tampa just wasn't willing to pay.
So I think it's a good signing for that team,
but I don't think you're going to see a guy
who's getting 30 goals and 60 points.
Assuming they do sign Vanacek, who's an RFA,
they acquired him in a trade,
how far away are they, Biz, from being not necessarily a contender,
but just, you know, in the mix again, I got some nice pieces.
I just don't really give a fuck. I don't know their prospects.
I don't know. They just don't do it for me. I don't know what I,
Frank, the tank's going to listen to this.
And I know he's going to be upset.
Maybe we should get him on to break the team down. I just,
that would be interesting and and you know
maybe it's maybe it's because i'm a little maybe i'm being so negative because i'm a little bit
envious i don't know if you guys saw the videos jack hughes was up like some white party in the
hamptons probably getting rockets left and right easy fucking notches you know it could be that
but i just i hope he takes the next step and I hope that team has success. I just, and I like Fitzy, their GM too. I just, I just, I just, nothing,
nothing. I don't even want to talk about them.
All right. Well, biz, just talking about Palat,
we got to talk about the team. He left Tampa Bay lightning.
They brought back old friend of Vladisnav,
the Mesta coffee or boy for another go around,
sign the forward to a one year deal deal worth 2.5 million.
And then they locked up three key pieces.
They gave three eight-year deals out.
This is kind of crazy.
I don't know if you've seen this before.
Shirely got eight years, 50 mil.
Sergachev, eight years, 68 mil.
Chernok, eight years, 41.6 mil.
Then they brought in Ian Cole for a year at three mil.
Were you surprised that Sergachev's number, 8.5 a year for the next eight years not really it's he's so good and he's only
scratching the surface to how good he could really become I think um they are so lucky to have him
like it's it's it's just such a talent because he skates so well he's big enough to play against
anyone he's got a great shot he's great at well. He's big enough to play against anyone.
He's got a great shot.
He's great at the point offensively.
And more than anything, he hasn't been thrust into a role that's like maybe too much too early for him
because he's been able to just watch Hedman.
And I would love to talk to the kid someday
because there's just zero chance that Hedman hasn't had such an impact
on him as a player and a person.
Because when you're around one of the best defensemen in the league,
every single day at such a young age,
you're going to nonstop realize like what it takes to be that good.
So when they end up really paying him all this dough,
and I know that's a big deal right now, but you know,
you're looking in two,
three years from to really make that step to a true number one.
And I think no problem. He could, I really do.
I think those deals with Solli too like the the way sorelli plays like yeah and be and being a guy
who will be a selkie finalist and somebody who's offense will probably continue to get better it's
like those are great signings it's just it's just like the question is like where is their money
how do they have so much money and like seeing them spend that much dough in one day was all crazy
well they got rid of mcdonough and
they didn't sign up a lot right so those were the two two losses and and you know you just mentioned
sergachev and and what his ceiling could be you know he gets a little bit of added pressure at
the loss of mcdonough right he can't hide behind him and headman so he got he was third pair i
think yeah he he now has to take that that second defensive role and then they end up
giving that other deal to cernak who i think he's proven himself these the sample size of these guys
and and what they got for a contract is what they've earned and eventually you have to move on
you kind of talked about that bill belichick mentality and we're going to see if these moves
end up paying off but they're not easy decisions to make but I'm confident that Breeze Braw made the right
ones and then you mentioned that Ian Cole it's kind of like them getting the Savard again or
them getting another Bogosian type player it's just they know what they're doing and I have all
the confidence in the world that they kept the right pieces for that core group in order for them to continue to have continued success.
So it was, I was not going anywhere. I was,
I was surprised though, that they ended up moving on from Palat,
given with what not only has he done for them over that period of time,
but when the big moments come, he was always there to deliver.
Interested to see what he can now do outside of having that core group
surrounding him, though, because 6 million was a pretty big tag for him
in New Jersey.
So still think that these guys are contenders.
They're always going to be a contender with Vasilevsky and Nett,
and no complaints on what they handed over to each guy.
Yeah, it wouldn't shock me if they went to the Stanley Cup once again.
I know they're probably a little dog-tired,
but that seems essentially the same, man.
They're stacked in the dynasty where they could win a third, man.
It wouldn't shock me.
Well, fourth in the franchise, but third in this run.
So the St. Louis Blues, I know one of you mentioned it already.
They locked up stud forward Robert Thomas.
They gave him an eight-year 65 million deal.
Comes out to a little over
eight million a year he's got a no trade clause he has three through seven uh modified no trade
in year eight he had 77 points in 72 games last year he really had his coming out party uh taking
20th in the 17 draft they also re-upped defenseman Nick Letty who they got at the deadline four year
16 million dollar deal and they extended Nico McCullough a year 1.9 mil I know they were you know had a good
run last year and the injuries
not screwed him up a little but people may be
sleeping on the blues a little bit because everyone's talking about
all the other teams I mean this team could be right
back in the finals as well no oh yeah
and who gave Colorado the best
best fight they got
right yeah
that's what I'm saying yeah St. Louis they
took him to the limit man
i i it's funny like i i think barubi's such a good coach that that when you look at that team
and like ryan o'reilly and the way he's taught guys now the one issue is being perron is such
a big loss i know i'm just gonna say I don't think they make playoffs. By the way, you really don't think they make playoffs?
That's a guy who him and Ryan O'Reilly had a ridiculous amount of chemistry.
And now, like, I love the Tom signing.
I just, I don't think they got worse.
And they lost Huso, who was their starting goalie throughout the regular season.
It's going to all depend on when Biddington,
if Biddington can have a bounce back season.
And that's the, in the 82,
was he excellent in playoffs for the time of period he was putting that?
Absolutely.
But he wasn't there in the regular season.
Like Huso was now they lose Perron on top of that.
I, I like Nick Letty.
I don't necessarily know if he's a four times four type of guy
but they needed this is where though it's like almost unfair of us not knowing their prospect
pool and in terms of like maybe armstrong's looking and seeing guys who could fill in and
seeing people he thinks he can take a step and replace perron that we don't know about
but yeah i i will i will say maybe they did they didn't improve this free
agency the husso thing's true i mean now you need bennington to play good hockey which he did
throughout a lot of the year but you don't have that backup you don't have that that safety net
and and husso was good enough to really kind of take the job over you're right so perron's a huge
deal also crazy that it was the first time perrant ever signed a contract with any team other than the st louis blues so yeah and i'm not trying to be negative either i just think that the losses
that they've suffered i want to i want to see it i want to see these prospects and who they have
filling in for certain types of roles and if they do end up showing up guess what
i'll put this fucker right in my mouth like I always do. You'll delete the tape.
Let's see.
I own my mistakes.
I've got my head shaved on national television, bro.
The New York Rangers signed Vinny Trocek to his seven-year,
39.375 million deal.
Comes out to 5.6 a year.
Also signed Yaroslav Halak to back up Shostak and Annette,
one year,  1.5 mil.
And they traded Patrick Nemeth and Picks to Arizona.
It was more or less a salary dump to make some room.
You know, the Rangers were right there last season.
They really don't need to make a bunch of moves.
Is Trocek an improvement over Strom?
Or about the same or what?
I look at him as more of a replacement for not signing Kopp,
which I was surprised at.
I guess they didn't even make an offer to cop so i i love trochek's game he's got a little bit of a sandpaper to him he'll finish hits uh he can score he can make plays he's good along the walls he's just a great just overall
hockey player so a great signing in my opinion um i i don't i don't think overall the strome loss is going to affect them
long term it sucks he was extremely well liked i was happy that after coming over from edmonton
he was able to revive his career because i know things didn't maybe go as expected in edmonton
but no i really like the signing and i think think that New York is being very smart about saving money not only for guys that they're going to have to pay,
like Keiondre Miller moving forward.
I believe that Fox's deal kicks in this year at 9 million per.
So I don't know exactly how much salary cap space that they have left,
but I am still all in on the fact that they're going to find a way
to get Patrick Kane
at the deadline next year. Do you guys think I'm fucking crazy? No, I don't. I don't. I've said
that. I hope I've said that that would be so sick. Everyone, they don't do it. I'll, I'll rip on him
even more. I hate the organization. All right. Uh, Colorado avalanche. They re-signed four guys
who helped them win the cup. Uh, Valerie Nachushkin, eight years, 49 mil.
Darren Helm, one year, 1.25 mil.
Terry Leckanen was huge for them, five years, 22.5 mil.
And defenseman Josh Manson, four years, 18 mil.
Basically, Whit, what would keep the Avs from repeating next year?
I mean, there's rumors that Khadri still may end up back there.
If he doesn't go back there, that's a huge loss, right?
You lose one of your top players, really.
But I don't know, R.A.
It's really hard to imagine a point in next year's playoffs when Colorado isn't looking like the favorite to win the Stanley Cup.
It's like you get in these grooves and you saw it with Pittsburgh and you
were surprised the years it took Washington so long,
but every year they had a good team.
And now you just see this frigging wagon in Colorado.
It's like my car is so young. McKinnon has so much more hockey.
I think that the way in the choose can play it. It's like, Holy shit.
They got this horse buzzing.
Now there's just so many different players there that are at the peak or not even at the peak of their career.
And Lekanen was such a great re-sign because I didn't know if they'd be able to kind of keep him.
And what a gamer he was.
I mean, that guy came over from a Montreal team who went to the Stanley Cup finally,
did the exact same type thing in terms of scoring big goals.
So I don't see anything really slowing them
down maybe if somehow goaltending isn't great um you know i i just i i think in the end though
that they're going to be right there come they'll be in the western conference final again i bet
that's why edmonton's in such a tough place even though they get better and better and have these
two superstars it's like this fucking colorado in the way so i think they're gonna have to move on from an important piece and i think that they're gonna
move on from gerard i know but like they want it without him i right but that he's still an
excellent piece i was shocked at manson resigning there at the cat pit in which he did no disrespect
to him i thought he had an excellent
playoffs um i the longer this goes the longer i believe that joe sackick is figuring out a way to
bring cadre back the way that i think they do it is i think that he's going to be okay making
landis cog money which is dude i don't think he might even yeah i don't even know if he'll get that seven and a half
dude i think that what's gonna happen second line center man he and the first time you don't
hold on you don't think that right now he was probably expecting bigger offers to be out there
hunt okay so i think that he's just just giving them time to make it work.
And the way that they're going to do that with giving them a lower AVV or AAV,
however the fuck you say it, is I don't think Colorado typically gives out
the big signing bonus money at the start of the year like the teams like New York
can afford, like Toronto can afford.
But in this situation, if they want to repeat in order to solidify bringing him back,
I think that they're orchestrating a deal where they're going to front load the fuck out of that thing.
And they're going to get a Gerard.
They're going to have to move somebody who's a significant piece,
considering they were able to get it done without him when he went down.
And then seeing them give the four times four to Manson makes me believe
that they're going to move on from him, which makes me
It's a tough deal to move, though.
It makes a lot of sense.
Kadri in the first half of the season was a guy who was probably in the top five,
if not top ten, in heart conversation for what he was accomplishing
with the injuries that they did have to their lineup.
I want to say McKinnon missed some time. i want to say landis kog missed some time and he put that
fucking team on his back so we can call him a second line center every day every day of the
week but he's the best second line center in the league or at least top three so do i think he
should command at least seven and a half million? Absolutely. Because in some cases, he'd be some team's first-line center.
But I believe that winning and being in an enjoyable environment says a lot.
I think the longer this goes, the more that he's going back to Colorado.
I think there's not a chicken-dick's chance that he doesn't sign in Colorado.
There. I think I've summarized that.
Well,
yeah,
it seems like the longer it goes,
the more likely he is to go back there.
Cause all the team would have probably thrown on the money by now.
How much cap space do they have right now?
And maybe G can find it.
If you don't have it already,
we can keep moving on,
but they,
they are for sure.
Number one right now,
as far as is the cup favorites going into next season if they're
able to re-sign Caudry.
Well, it might be hot spot.
Real quick, the Colorado
Avalanche have 3,900,000
in cap space.
What's Gerrard's cap hit?
Gerrard's cap hit
is
5,000
until 26,000-27,000. I don't know. It's a good call. Gerard's cap hit is 5 mil until 26, 27
I don't know
It's a good call
Some will have to go definitely if they do bring him back
But gee, Chicklets Cup this week
It's going to be hot up there, we're going to need a lot of hydration
And that's why our friends at Body Armor come in
Body Armor is made for today's
Athlete that deserves more than just a sports drink
It's got potassium packed
electrolytes antioxidants and no artificial sweeteners flavors or dyes today's athletes
deserve more than your grandfather's tired old salty sports drink which is full of artificial
dyes that's where body armor sport comes in they got the old strawberry banana fruit punch blue
raspberry watermelon strawberry and more they got the new Mamba Forever, which is strawberry grape flavor.
I got to give that one a try.
That tastes, that sounds like it's pretty tasty.
Either way, stay hydrated with Bar-Di-Ama,
whether you're at the Chicklets Cup or just hanging at your house.
It's the sports drink for today's athletes.
All flavors of Bar-Di-Ama are available for order on Amazon right now.
And you can learn more at drinkbodyarma.com.
Check that stuff out.
Good stuff, man.
Especially when you got to get rehydrated
in the chicklets cup.
All right.
We're going to talk about the Vegas Golden Knights.
A couple of years ago, they were sort of what?
The golden boy of the league, a little bit biz.
Everybody was all over them.
They had that nice first year run.
And like now they're kind of like the Goldilocks of the NHL.
They're never satisfied.
This one's too small.
This one's too hot.
They can't find the right porridge. And then when they do, they get rid of it the Goldilocks of the NHL. They're never satisfied. This one's too small. This one's too hot. They can't find the right porridge.
And then when they do,
they get rid of it for fucking future considerations.
It seems like they did sign Riley Smith.
He's going to stay put three-year deal,
15 million.
But,
you know,
they traded patchy already in a 7 million contract to Carolina.
They got nothing back.
This was after they gave up Nick Suzuki,
Thomas to tie in a second round pick from the keep them for four years,
get rid of them.
Same thing with getting Jack Eichel.
They get rid of Alex Tuck, Peyton Krebs, a first and a second.
That's a pretty good bounty.
And also the goalie shit last year, Marc-Andre Fleury and Robin Leonard.
They get rid of Marc-Andre Fleury for nothing.
And then they shit-can Gerard Gallant, bringing Pete DeBoer.
And then they fire Pete DeBoer after 160 games.
And then Kelly McCrimmon kind of implied that, you know, oh, Pete DeBoer,
Leonard was his guy, but it's like, well, the coaches can't trade goalies.
So it's like, it's kind of a clusterfuck there.
What happened with this organization over the last few years, Biz?
If I played fantasy hockey and I was a general manager,
this is how my team would look.
And that's why I don't play fantasy hockey.
This has been an absolute clusterfuck.
I think it's an understatement to call it a mismanagement of assets.
I love the Golden Knights, and I want them in playoffs every single year.
I love how rowdy their fans are.
I love how everybody hates their guts.
But I just can't sugarcoat it. This is absolute
rubbish management. I have nothing against the guys who have made the decisions they've made,
but there's no loyalty in the organization to the players. I don't know what the trickle effect
down that has on the guys and and maybe how the guys feel
in the room about the environment but this is has become a laughing stock and everybody's shitting
on them in line online it's it's it's really well deserved and because they're so hated
they have just been getting shit on more and more and more now am i hoping that it ends up
working out for them yeah because i want
them in playoffs and i want them to have success but i don't know man you can't keep turning over
personnel and expect there to be you know uh i guess like a core of guys who can
fucking get the job done with and that's really all i can say about it well they
they better i don't want to say win a stanley cup a kind they better go on a couple runs because the
future with all these draft picks they've given up is going to be bleak dude and like they what
read it off they didn't they get tatar for susuki a first rounder. They gave up the Vezina winning goal.
He got nothing in return.
They gave up a 30 goal score for nothing in return.
And then what they gave to get patch already.
I think that was part of the Suzuki, wasn't it?
And then like they get rid of patch already
for absolutely nothing.
So it's like the future looks so bleak
in terms of being able to bring in prospects
and grow your farm system
and win the way that good teams have won the way Pittsburgh's won the way
Tampa one with all those guys winning a Calder cup and Cooper,
it's like,
they are just going for the quick fix every single year.
And at some point that all ends and comes crumbling down.
And you look at a franchise that's left holding absolutely nothing and not
even a Stanley cup ring.
So the lack of loyalty is one thing that's so odd. It's left holding absolutely nothing and not even a Stanley Cup ring. So the lack of loyalty is one thing that's so odd.
It's like signing there.
It's like, dude, at any moment in time, they're willing to straight up gas pipe you.
So it's kind of hard to imagine a guy signing a long-term deal there
and then seeing himself actually finish it out.
The thing is they have a good roster.
The team is good.
And Cassidy's coming in there, and he's proven that he can get a team to win.
He can get a team at least to get to the Cup Final.
And he's able to produce a team that can be at the top of the standings.
But when I look at actually the next five to ten years, it's like, holy shit,
this team could end up being horrible at one point.
And so as a fan, you want your team to win.
But as you get to know players and you start rooting for different names and not just the laundry, it's kind of like,
why do they keep shipping out all these guys who they brought in
and then played pretty well, and then the goalie situation,
it's a very confusing team to try to follow
because you never know what's coming next.
The only thing you know is that they'll give up assets
for basically nothing in the end.
Yeah, they're about as loyal for basically nothing in the end.
Yeah, they're about as loyal as that junior kid's mom.
Yeah, it was this Frank Cervalli quote. He said, players that Vegas has been forced to unload for no or minimal return due to salary cap crunch.
Pat, you're ready.
Daddanoff, Mark, Andre, Flurry, Nate Schmidt, Paul Stastny, Cody Eakin.
And I just mentioned the, you know, patch ready trade.
I forgot to get to Todd.
He gave up a first, a second and a third to get him and included him in the
patch ready deal. So yeah, it's piss poor management.
Okay. So that's what it was. I butchered that off the hop,
but I was just trying to list off things that like, it's like, it's not good.
It's not, it's not good asset management. And that's just, that's, that's,
that's the way it is.
No. Is this going to affect players wanting to go there? Or it's like,
if you're going to get a deal, you're going to go there.
I don't know because it is such a sick place to play and like the team's
good now right now.
But if you're looking for big time stability and then maybe there's certain
guys who can get a no move clause and they're like, whatever, I don't care.
But in terms of other guys, you do have to question it,
but it is an awesome place to live. And the fan base is crazy and the arena is awesome and they're like whatever i don't care but in terms of other guys you do have to question it but it is an awesome place to live and the fan base is crazy and the arena is awesome
and they've had some success so i won't say it it's a it's a huge factor all righty then um there
was a whole bunch of other teams that made some signings i mean we try to put the the bigger ones
up top but we're going to run through a few other ones here if you guys want to chime in just jump
in but uh let's see and we don't have every single sign it's just too many
i'll say i'll say this just like i said about toronto it's it's probably a strong possibility
if this team is unable to make playoffs or even go past the first round that they might have
new management the following season because like there's nobody there's no one else to blame that they that they've had control
of absolutely everything from the beginning and if it turns into a clusterfuck it's that and i'm
gonna go back to what i said though i love how everybody hates them but i am a golden knights
fan and i hope that they fucking rub everybody all the doubters nose and shit but i just don't
know if it's gonna happen we shall see uh let's see the dallas stars uh they signed forward mason marchman four-year
deal worth worth 18 million uh colin mill the defenseman two-year 3.7 mil uh jason robertson's
rfa god knows what he's going to get and then i i pull this that up as they spent over 19 million
dollars last year for 95 points between sagan and Ben so you know they still got
a few more years left on those deals something to keep an eye on going down the line uh Calgary
they signed I just want to say I'm happy for that Marchman kid like after everything he's been through
over the last couple weeks man for him to get a big deal man that's I mean finally a bounce because
I can't imagine what him and his family are going through but as far as those two guys you just
mentioned between Ben and Sagan,
Sagan's been coming off a lot of injury-riddled seasons.
I hope that he's able to get a full summer of training,
and I think that he's a guy who could maybe get back to where he was
at one point.
As far as Ben, I mean, the age and also the injuries maybe being a bit
of a factor, and he's just not getting any quicker. Right.
And it's just a league that's just so fucking fast now, but who knows?
Calgary, they signed defenseman Nikita Zdorov, two year, 7.5 million.
Matthew Kachuk still RFA. He didn't file for arbitration,
but I'm sure they're going to re-up him.
I know people are talking about him getting moved,
but Calgary would be, I think, foolish to do that. be that'd be like only the blackhawks would do something
like that these days florida panthers i signed mark stahl to a one-year uh deal for the buffalo
special 750k uh same thing with mike delzotto 750k and they also signed eric stall to a pto
um pretty interesting he didn't play last year i know his brother's down there well you know what he got left in the tank what did he do after the skate we've been on a PTO
before yeah that's how me and biz uh formed the clown crew in St. Louis didn't he play in the
Olympics for Canada he did yeah but professionally he didn't play anywhere yeah no I mean you know
the guy obviously still wants to play he's still got that drive we'll see if he has anything left
to give they had Joe Thornton there.
It would be a similar type role, I think.
So who knows?
PTO doesn't mean shit, but with guys who've had careers like that,
it sometimes means a little bit more, if that makes any sense,
where it's like, all right, come on in.
Let's see what you got.
We believe that we may need you or want you for the year,
but nothing in terms of willing to let you uh or have you
sign a deal right now yeah jack johnson went on a pto to colorado lifted the stanley cup and then
had his kids eat ice cream out of it the other day so you never know uh the blackhawks we did
mention them earlier they signed max domey one year deal three million dollars uh andreas anthony
see you same one year three million dollars what if you were a free agent other than money what
would make you sign with the Blackhawks?
The chance to play a lot and then maybe sign a big ticket because of the
amount you played,
you were able to produce.
So like wolf.
So those,
those two guys,
like they're going to play more than they would on a really good team.
And then all of a sudden,
if they have a big year,
they can possibly get traded at the deadline,
maybe go on a Stanley cup run and boom, next thing you know, you're signing a three or a four year deal. So it's all about a sudden, if they have a big year, they can possibly get traded at the deadline, maybe go on a Stanley Cup run, and boom, next thing you know, you're signing a three- or four-year deal.
So it's all about getting opportunity.
But it's also like maybe they don't have much else going.
And all right, let's go to Chicago and be on the worst team in the league.
Now, when you sign a one-year deal, you mentioned the prospect of getting traded.
Is that something that your agent might negotiate with the team?
Like, hey, if you guys are out of it, can you maybe maybe get you know put them somewhere else that they can okay i'm gonna
say no i don't know i'm not an agent but that's like you know you're signing a one-year deal for
a reason you don't have much uh leverage in terms of asking them to guarantee that if you're playing
well they'll trade you okay thought it was interesting to ask uh anaheim ducks they signed
ryan strome five year 25 million frankie v frank vitrano got
a three-year deal worth just under 11 million congratulations for him both those guys i mean
he was getting scratched in florida throughout the season and then was awesome with the rangers
gets a good ticket so that's awesome to see yeah good stuff uh they still need to add some d in
anaheim but they got 30 million in cap space so i'm interested to see what pat verbique does with
that uh going forward.
They're just starting the rebuild. Yeah. Yeah. Let's see.
Buffalo signed restricted free agent forward, Victor Olofsson,
two years, 9.5 million.
Defenseman Ilya Labushkin, two years, 5.5 million.
Seattle is pretty active as well. They signed forward.
Andre Burakovsky gave him a five-year 27.5 million dollar deal.
Uh, defenseman, Justin Schultz, two years, six mil goalie, Martin Jones.
God bless him.
One year, two mil.
Uh, they were bad last year, man.
Bad, worse than anybody thought.
But how much, how much improvement are they going to get?
Not just off three, three guys, but just in general.
Uh, I don't know, man.
Yeah.
Unless Baniers comes in there and he's like, you know, 70 point guys, rookie season. It's hard to see much of a step forward for that team. Yeah. Unless Baniers comes in there and he's like, you know, 70-point guy is rookie season.
It's hard to see much of a step forward for that team.
Yeah, the most exciting thing I'm looking forward to is how him
and if Shane Wright make the squad.
Yep.
And see what they can do.
At least they have these young studs that we can pay attention to.
Now, mind you, they might send them back.
I mean, with Bedard being a Western Canadian kid in Seattle,
it's like they should be doing whatever they can to tank
and have a horrific year and get him.
And then get blindsided by the Coyotes getting it.
LA Kings, they brought Alex Edler back for a year, 1.5 mil.
Brendan Lemieux for another year, 1.35 mil.
Forward Kyle Grundstrom, two-year, 2.6 mil.
But this is a team that I don't think they really needed to do too much,
maybe a little bit of tinkering like this.
They gave Kempe that deal.
They got John Quick coming back.
So they're going to slowly build them back to respectability.
And Fiala.
Fiala, exactly, as well as him.
San Jose, we mentioned they already lost Brett Burns.
They signed Oscar Lindblom, good for him.
Two years, 5 million after Philly bought him out.
They forwarded Nico Sturm.
Three years, 6 million.
Yeah, that's pretty much it for most of the big sign-ins.
Let me ask you, Biz,
which team is the most improved since the Cup ended?
Based on standings,
I mean, I think Ottawa's got to be at the top of my list.
I just, you know, getting Debrinket,
who's a 40-goal scorer.
They got Claude Giroux.
They got some leadership in the room.
And am I forgetting a name?
Detroit.
Detroit's another.
I think Detroit's a lot better.
I'd have to say Ottawa, short answer.
Which team other than Chicago got worse, if anyone?
I already said St. Louis got worse, in my opinion.
But I still think they could potentially make playoffs.
I don't have them making playoffs right now.
I want to see how the start of the season goes.
But, I mean, yeah, that was the only thing that came off the top of my head.
Vegas definitely got worse.
They gave away Max Paciaretti and got nothing back.
Right, but then they get probably a healthy Mark Stone back,
and they were a little bit  and they get an Eichel coming off a false
You know who might be worse is Tampa.
Losing Palat, yeah?
Yeah, I mean, he was fucking a monster for them last year.
I mean, Palat and  who was on D?
Did they lose a D?
Ruda. No, Tampa's not much worse. That D? Did they lose a D? Ruda. But no,
Tampa's not much worse. That's
hard. That's a hard one. It is. I mean, the
Bruins certainly don't look great. Although if
they get Krejci and Bergeron,
has Bergeron said anything lately?
They haven't confirmed anything, but the speculation
is very heavy. They're both going to come back.
In which case they do, then yeah, you could see why they
didn't do much of anything on free
agency. And Pavel Zaka received a phone call from bergeron right after he was traded so you gotta imagine
you gotta imagine a guy who's doing that's probably coming back next season yeah good
point g good point all right uh unrestricted free agents still available out there on the
zem cadre obviously john klingberg phil kessel nino niederreiter, Calvin DeHaan. So surprised Klingberg is still out there with or no?
A little bit.
Like I said, I think for him to get big money,
it's probably going to be with a weaker team.
Maybe I actually think you're going to see him sign with a team who's not
very good.
I said Seattle.
I don't know.
You hear you hear other other teams flying around. I really I don't know. You hear other teams flying around.
I don't know why he's still out there besides
the fact that maybe the money's not where he thought it was.
All right. One more name
I want to bring up before we move along. Where does Phil
Kessel end up next year?
That's a
great question. I got asked that a couple times
at that Pink Whitney event. I have
no clue. I'm not an insider. He's a
wild card, too. Back in Pittsburgh?
Back in Pittsburgh, maybe.
They're making a cup run here.
What an answer.
Bring him back.
What an answer.
This story, actually, I'll pay his salary if they bring him back.
This one just broke right before we started the show.
Edzo Olchek, our pal, he's leaving Chicago.
He's going to go with Root Sports.
He's going to be doing crack and pop broadcast next year 15 years he had been doing the blackhawks but i don't know
if he knows if he sees the writing on the wall if his deal was up or whatever but he's gonna be
doing the seattle games he'll still be doing the national stuff obviously but i think the big draw
farm biz was john forsland who of course used to be the carolina announcer they let him go
went to seattle and you know they got a familiarity with each other.
So, yeah, Edzo, off to Seattle.
Good luck to him, man.
I don't know what they got for horse tracks out there,
but I'm sure he'll find one or two.
Yeah, he'll find something.
He's one of the goats.
He's an absolute beauty.
He's unbelievable at what he does,
and I'm sure he probably didn't want to call Chicago games next year.
And on top of that, with everything that went on with the organization,
I want to say that he was at that town hall meeting when that whole fiasco
broke out with the horrible answer by one of the owners.
And he might just be fed up with,
with the way that things are being handled there. And he,
I want to say his name was in the ring to potentially become GM there.
And when he didn't get that, he's probably like, well,
I don't need to have any more loyalty to this organization.
So thanks for everything. And see you later.
See ya.
Andrew Brunette was named associate coach for the New Jersey devils.
And one more hockey note here,
agent Pat Person told the athletic that his client,
Pierre-Luc Dubois would very much like to play for Montreal.
The 24 year old Winnipeg
Jet is currently a restricted free agent.
He just finished a two-year
10 million contract. His qualifying
offer is going to be 6.65 mil.
He's already told the Jets that he's going to be
testing unrestricted free agency in two
more years. He had 60 points
in 81 games played last year. Is this kid
maybe getting a reputation for being a...
I don't know. I know guys like to manipulate and use leverage when they have it,
but kind of like, oh, man, this guy's always something with this guy or what?
Yeah, I mean, he wasn't happy in Columbus.
Now it's hard to be happy in Winnipeg,
although we mentioned that's where his family lives, correct?
It was his dad's.
I know the coach of the Manitoba Moose is one of the coaches for Manitoba.
So it's like that team, that team's in a tough spot.
Fuck.
They got worse over free agency, right?
I don't know, but in terms of when he's on the ice,
there's games that he's so dominant and then games that there's probably
a little more that you're looking for.
So it's hard to really be under contract for this many more years
and then already be saying
like where you want to play and things. But if the agent's able to get it done, that's that's what
he's getting paid to do. So without being on a team personally or talking to anyone in the world
of like scouting or or management, I don't know what the opinion around the league is on him.
All right. That wraps up the hockey talk. And now we got to move it to,
well,
what was formerly the British open the open.
Wait,
you get the flaws.
I actually don't think it was ever.
I think in America,
we created the British open.
It's always been the open championship,
but so St.
Andrews is the home of golf.
It's where the,
the RNA,
I think it's the Royal and ancient,
like their offices are where their headquarters are.
And it's, it's a historic place.
I unfortunately have never been there.
I've been to Scotland with a bunch of guys.
We did like Turnberry.
We did the other Trump course there.
We did Castle Stewart.
Some other ones that I, oh, we did Royal Dornoch.
It was amazing, but we weren't able to do the old course.
So I've never been.
I've heard, it's funny.
I've heard some things where people love it and the experience and it's nine holes out this direction and then nine holes back the opposite direction.
There have been people who played it and don't love it.
I think it's with some tough weather.
It can be like relatively easy, but looks like a chip and putt.
Yeah, it's like that's the thing.
This course is is not long and you need weather.
It's like all those courses over there are weather dependent
to make them difficult for the top players in the world.
It's like, it is so easy.
So I'm a fan of watching an open that is swirling wind and rain
and guys having a battle of the elements
and maybe the winning score being seven, eight under.
When you watch a tournament when the weather's as nice as it was
in St. Andrews this weekend, it's like these guys are literally
hitting 360-yard drives.
The place is so burnt out and fast.
And then they're just hitting wedges onto every single hole.
But where they put the pins made it difficult.
And I'm not going to lie.
I was really rooting for Rory McIlroy.
I love Rory.
I always have.
Seems like a genuine person. Seems like somebody who if you met him and ever had a beer with him,
you'd probably enjoy your time with him. He's just, I know he's one of the
greatest to ever do it,
but now I think it's been eight or nine years since he's won a major and he
had the chance and, and like watching the final round,
I actually met Cam Smith fan too, but watching the final round,
it was like, he just couldn't make a putt.
It's unbelievable when you watch these guys and,
and people say like golf's all about putting that is actually not true.
Golf is about your tee ball and getting the ball in play.
Cause it doesn't matter how well you putt.
If you're putting for bogey and double bogey in the grand scheme of things,
you got to be able to get off the tee. Well, when you get to the pj tour and the highest level of golf
all these guys can get off the tee and then that's when putting separates them and you watch this
final round this fucking cameron smith the guy was draining he's draining 15 footers like it was a
three footer it was just so money every single time. And Rory's hitting the ball pretty well.
He shot two under, two birdies, 16 pars.
But it just wasn't enough when you got a guy chasing you down and shooting 64 to win an open.
It's like, how do you not just tip your cap to Cameron Smith?
Well, at the same time, almost feeling bad for Rory McIlroy
that he played well.
It just wasn't good enough.
His quote after was perfect.
He said, I don't think I really made any mistakes out there today. I just, I didn't do
anything great either. I, or he said, I didn't do anything bad. I just didn't do anything great.
And it just kind of was tough to watch because the entire golfing universe, it felt like was
really rooting for Rory. It's like at the home of golf to win an open championship. It really cements a legacy. Tiger did it twice. Jack Nicholas did it.
It's like the greatest players have won an open at St. Andrews and Rory had
it four shot lead. Oh no. Yeah. It was him.
And it was him and Hovland tied and they were four shots ahead of Cameron
Smith and Cameron young and,
and Hovland fell apart and Rory had it and just kind of got
gunned down by the better player and so the the 17th hole was amazing he's like called the road
hole it's actually pretty crazy there's like a legit road inbounds so if you miss the green right
it's like a 500 yard par four you hit over a hotel and then if you miss the green right you're in a
road it's like impossible and Cameron Smith hit a great drive horrible shot he ends up like behind this bunker where you can't even try to chip it if you chip
it's gonna hit the green go long and he putted it to about 15 feet which is probably as close as he
could get it and then he made the par putt on 17 on on that hole it was like and then he makes this
unbelievable two putt on 18 for birdie and Rory had to make two on 18 and couldn't get it done so
not only does the guy not
win he doesn't even finish second place but i thought it was a cool tournament i don't love
the open when there isn't bad weather but just the fact that rory was involved and kind of didn't
collapse but didn't get it done and made it entertaining and it is nice when you watch a
tournament it ends at like three o'clock local time or eastern time so you kind of have the rest
of the day but i don't know if you guys saw any of it goat ranch i'm not watching that yeah exactly people were disgusted
so non-golfers are like what is this fucking golf course um speaking of that the other tour
the live tour now they're gonna get this smith guy he's going over it sounds i've read an article um
guy at barstool Banks wrote that there's reports
that he's getting 90 million to go to Live Tour.
They grabbed David Faraday from NBC to be their analyst.
Dude, that's a great guy.
I think Faraday's hilarious.
He used to have that TV show on Golf Channel that was funny.
And then there's rumors swirling about Hideki Matsuyama,
which would be, I mean, that would be...
What's he ranked? World rankings, I don't know where what's he what's he ranked world rankings I don't
know where he's at I'm gonna say top 20 but so how somebody said 250 million for for because I
think with I think with Hideki Matsuyama he is the biggest celebrity yeah it's it's Japan it's
like he is the most famous man in Japan and then the PGA Tour looks at global marketing and looks at a market like Japan.
And it's like, oh, my God.
Like, I swear, I think if they lost Matsuyama, it might be their biggest loss.
I guess Cameron Smith would be their biggest.
Dustin Johnson, kind of back nine of his career, still a player, still was in the hunt for this tournament.
Every other guy, I mean, there's some good players. a lot of them are on the real back nine though but if you get cancer
who won the players championship and then just won the open to leave the pga tour and then matsuyama
who represents an entire country and region in terms of like awareness to the pga tour and fandom
it is getting ugly for the for the tour yeah and And I heard these live tours are so fun to go to.
It's weird. Cause you watch them online and it's like,
it's a shotgun start. It's different. The announcers, if they have Faraday,
that's a big deal. But I think going to the events are unreal.
They're blasting music the whole time. It seems like a party.
There's one in Boston. I'm going to check it out.
We're we're in Boston. Well, it's in, it's in Bolton. It's called,
it's at the international, which is actually a goat ranch of a golf course.
I couldn't stand it, but they're going there,
and it should be a time and a half, I guess.
Well, I would imagine if the PGA is going to certain lengths
in order to threaten guys for not being able to come back to the PGA,
they're also probably threatening certain golf courses
to not allow live
events on North American soil.
Yeah.
I don't think any of the courses that the tour going on would ever like be
having a live event.
Yeah.
Okay.
Well,
boys,
I got to get going here because I'm the security system is going to lock in
here at Young's insurance.
And I don't want to be caught inside because I need to get to the sandbag.
I'm going to see you tomorrow I'm looking forward all right great
outline you had all the signings you're buzzing uh gee thank you so much for all you do and and
not only helping create Chicklets Cup but all the behind the scenes work we should thank also
live event Lisa uh can you can you fire off a bunch more names of everybody behind the scenes who makes these things?
Taylor Ray.
Taylor Ray has been running this whole thing.
Justin Mancini, Kaitlin Walker.
There's so many names of people behind the scenes.
Hannah Crow.
There's MB.
There's so many names.
This tournament has grown so much.
There's so many people working on it now.
But, Biz, before we wrap up, what is your official prediction?
Do you take down Noseface in the Chicklets Cup?
That coward with no loyalty, with that half-chewed caramon on his face,
is getting taken down in Buffalo.
And I cannot wait to do it.
It's time, Biz. It's time.
It's time.
It's time.
And I want to thank Terry Ryan and Terry Ryan Sr.
for assembling the crew that he has.
I will be manning the third line,
which is the fourth line technically in ball hockey terms with Ollie and Jacob,
the on the bench guys.
And then our top six are lethal and we're tough.
And those rinks are small.
So if nose face,
if you don't think you're going to catch another fucking elbow to that ugly
snout of yours,
whole baby,
I hope you assembled an all-star crew because
you're gonna need it you sack of shit all righty that's what i gotta say about that we will see
you in buffalo open to the public friday come for the live show boston levi dante spinning the decks
thursday one of the biggest announcement announcements in Chicklets history is going down
at the Labatt Brewhouse. I've already
mentioned the Pink Whitney tour dates.
I'm done talking. It's time to
play. We all
have a great week. See you in Buffalo.
Alright, peace.
As always, we like to thank our dynamite sponsors here on Spit and Chicklet. So a huge thanks to our friends at Pink Whitney and New Amsterdam Vodka.
Big thanks to our friends over at Roman.
Huge thanks to our friends at Labatt Blue.
Thanks for taking care of us.
Big thank you to everybody over at Shopify.
And a huge thanks to our friends at Body Amphi keeping us hydrated.
Have a great week, everybody.
