Hey, Spittin' Chicklets listeners, you can find every episode on Apple Podcasts, Spotify, or YouTube.
Prime members can listen ad-free on Amazon Music.
Hello, fellow gamblers out there. If you listen to the show, you know me and Ryan.
We enjoy gaming every once in a while. Mikey does, too, as well.
If you also enjoy to bet on sports, try out BetDSI.com.
If you're ready for some real action, give it a whirl.
They've got over 20 years in the business, top-rated business. They're safe. Everybody at Barstool plays there. There are
no problems paying out. Everybody gets paid. There are no issues there. You sign up today,
you get a free 10 to try the service if it's your first time playing. We're offering through
BetDSI a 100 bonus on your first deposit. They have great customer service there.
Again, fast and easy payment of winnings.
There's tons of things to bet on.
You know, me and Ryan always talk about hockey.
They've got the alternate goal line is where some real money can be made.
That's an option you can't get in Vegas.
You certainly can't get everywhere.
All kinds of things that you just don't find everywhere at BetDSI
if you're looking for all kinds of off-the-wall stuff to play, little props, side stuff, a lot of fun stuff that you just don't find everywhere. I bet DSI, if you're looking for all kinds of off the wall stuff to play a little
props,
side stuff,
a lot of fun stuff that you can play.
If you enjoy a variety of things like myself and Ryan do,
even if you want to bet on the election,
although the odds are pretty,
pretty high right now that that's still on the board.
If you want to play that UFC,
all that good stuff,
bet DSI even has live in-game wagering for all football,
basketball,
hockey,
well,
baseball just ended,
but they'll be back up with futures, certainly.
They're probably already up there.
So play everything you want at BetDSI.
So go to BetDSI.com right now.
That's BetDSI.
Go there and use promotion code SPIT10.
Again, promotion code SPIT, S-P-I-T 10, number 10.
SPIT10 for your free wagers.
Start winning today.
Get free 10 at betdsi.com.
Promotion code SPIT10. Hello, everybody.
Welcome back to episode, what are we on?
Episode three or four.
I can't even keep track of the Boston sports version of spitting chiclets.
This is Florida, Admiral. This is Florida, Rear Admiral.
This is Florida, Rear Admiral.
Florida, yes.
I'm coming to you live from Sarasota, St. Pete, Tampa area, Florida,
down here for the Bruins game tonight.
Hi, Ryan.
Hi, Mike.
Say hello.
What's going on, buddy?
How you doing?
I'm doing well, guys.
How are you guys doing?
I'm doing great, you know.
Rear, so you are going to the Bruins.
Are you wearing a jersey and a hat or just a hat?
I'm not a big jersey guy, first off.
Oh, really?
No, I own a couple, but I'm not a big  I've never been a big wear the jersey guy to the game.
I just  I don't know.
I mean, I got a couple of them, but I always think you go to the game, you drink beer, you spill all over them,
you kind of ruin them, you spend 200 on them.
I mean, why bring them to a game and spill shitty beer all over them?
Not my idea.
Yeah, I hear you. Yeah, I'm more of a to a game and spill shitty beer all over them. Not my idea. I hear you.
Yeah, I'm more of a t-shirt ball, probably a hat guy too.
You know, just I got one of the old school
not one of the old school
B-shirts on. So, yeah,
Tampa's a good place for a game.
How's the barn down there?
It's great, man. It's a real good barn
down there. They get a real good crowd.
I know, you know, Florida suffers
for their reputation more probably from the Panthers.
Not them, though. Not them. Tampa's
a legit place to play.
When people are saying Stamkos
is going to leave, I'm like, what are they talking about?
Have they ever been down there? Why the hell would you ever leave
Tampa?
Perfection down there.
Wait, it's that good of a market?
It's unbelievable. They have great fans.
First off, the team this year, that's
actually who I went
on PMT.
I don't know why I thought
I said Washington I think is going to win the Cup.
I'm already changing it a day later. I think
Tampa's going to win the Cup this year.
The atmosphere is incredible just because of how good
the team is. And then the rink's
beautiful. They have the best
scoreboard in the arena. You'll see it goes
all the way around. You'll see it goes all the way around, Rear Admiral.
You'll see it tonight. Have you been down there before?
Yeah. Come on, man. I was down there in 2004.
Oh, sorry. I forgot.
I'll have to find the picture. I tweeted it out.
You were drinking out of the cup, and you didn't win it, I remember.
You've probably done that five times.
No, I didn't drink out of it that night.
That was the night I unexpectedly left I left the building after game seven
and somehow got back inside.
I still don't know how I was obliterated.
And they let me back in the building.
In a Bruins hat, right?
No, that was at the Aussie League Cup.
That was in Pittsburgh.
Oh, okay.
I got back in the building and my buddy I was with, his friends,
like Marty St. Louis, and I ended up back inside and ended up drinking
with Marty St. Louis and Brad Richardson till like four o'clock in the morning like telling him i woke
up in boston and like my friend was like hey dude i can get you a ticket if you can get down here i'm
like dude i'm at work man and he's like i'm always like come on it's like fake sick and then i ended
up flying down spur of the moment down to boston i mean down to tamper ended up going to game seven
and you know partying with the stanley cup after i'll look for the picture. I'll tweet it out.
It's like Matty St. Louis in the middle, like, holding a giant beer can,
like all his friends around him, like half my face in the background
is like cut off.
I'll try to dig it out.
Yeah, that was a little helpful.
It's like you're seen in the town.
It's like you're seen in the town when you were the chef.
Yeah, a little bit.
Yeah, a little bit, except I don't know if this was as Oscar-worthy,
but we'll see, you know.
Yeah, so we were texting last night.
That baseball game, are you shitting me?
Unbelievable.
Are you shitting me?
That was the best sporting event I think I've ever watched.
I mean, World Series, you know, baseball.
Yeah, I don't know.
I've never been that excited and on the edge of my seat.
I bet on the Cubs, but I wasn't even, it was bizarre.
I wasn't even like thinking about like the money. And then on the Cubs, but it was bizarre. I wasn't even thinking about the money.
And then for a time, I wanted Cleveland to win
just to see the heartbreak of Cubs fans.
And in the end, I was happy for whoever won,
but that was just the most crazy viewing experience
I've ever had of a big sporting event.
I couldn't believe what was happening.
Yeah, I can't wait to see the ratings.
I think it was game five, broke
all the Cleveland NBA ratings
from the most recent finals
when they won. So, I mean, the game six
and seven ratings are going to be through the roof.
It was exactly what baseball needed.
Like, I mean, you know, baseball, I wouldn't
say it's been struggling, but it's definitely not.
Yeah, no, it's not what it was.
Definitely not nearly as popular as
it was at one time. But, I mean, last night at quarter past 11, I'm getting a text from my wife saying,
can you believe this?
How exciting is this?
Like, she's someone like I got to, like, twist her arm just to watch a playoff game.
And now she's, you know, she's texting me from up north, like, saying, can you believe this?
This is unbelievable.
This, like, I'm like, gee.
You're like, wait, what happened?
What are you, are you talking about housewives?
Real housewives?
She's like, no.
Exactly. I'm like, oh, are those real housewives acting up again, wait, what happened? Are you talking about Housewives, Real Housewives? She's like, no. Exactly.
I'm like, oh, are those Real Housewives acting up again, honey?
You know?
I love the Real Housewives, though.
It was just indicative of how much this series just grabbed everybody and pulled them in.
I mean, you had, you know, two franchises.
One had one in 108 years and another one, I think, what, 68 or something.
And, you know, like I said, someone's got to go home.
Someone's got to go home crying and upset but uh but i was so happy that that scumbag chapman gave up that home run
i hate that guy i've always hated him and he can't and he's just been so good but they used
in the night before there was all the dramatics about did they did they overuse him when they're
up nine two and then he comes in like what's he gonna do It's all on Joe Maddon. And he gives up a two-run tying home run in the eighth inning.
I loved that just to see because I hate Chapman.
He's a scumbag.
He beat his wife.
He's a rat.
Yeah, yeah, it sucks like that.
You know, I mean, it's this stuff.
I mean, obviously, you went on for, you know, hundreds of years with athletes
and the media obviously covered up over it.
But, you know, we know so much more about when these guys do shitty things.
Definitely, when you watch the game, that stuff comes
to factor, and you're like, oh, if they're
going to blow it, good. I'm glad it's going to
be on this asshole if they do end up
Yeah, exactly.
Of course, they did end up holding
on, and even Cleveland made a
late run. Even the bottom
of the 10th there, you just didn't
know if they were going to come back and extend it again. It was
just an amazing series.
One of those ones you're going to
remember in 30, 40 years.
Where were you? Everybody's going to remember
where they were.
I was getting reminded
of when the Sox
won it, the Boston people, just seeing old
people cry and stuff. It was beautiful.
Yeah, there's a lot of that. A lot of old people
videos of, you know, grandpa
and grandma watching their team win it.
But, you know, as fun as it is
and as awesome as it is, you know, another week
or two people in Chicago, their lives are going to be
the same in two weeks. Not trying to be a Debbie
Donna, but basically it's fun while it lasts,
but at the end of the day, you know,
life goes on.
Basically, you're saying enjoy your shitty job next week.
The Cubs fucking won.
Who cares?
Good luck.
Basically, yeah.
I mean, I went to, you know, St. Louis when the Sox won.
And, you know, about a week or two later, I mean, I made some money.
It was an awesome, great time.
And, you know, like two weeks later, it's like, you know,
your life fundamentally doesn't change really one bit.
I mean, maybe if you're a crazy, dedicated fan, it might.
And, you know, you get a little bounce in your stuff, but
a month later... If your life gets
changed by a team winning a title
like two or three weeks later, you're kind of
a sicko. I mean, I respect it, but I
can see exactly what you're saying. I don't know how
that would happen. Yeah.
Yeah, I mean, you know,
you gotta have a little fun. Unless you met a rock
at the night they won it
and then just started hooking up with her and then you
had that going for you. I guess that'd be a good life changer.
Yeah, that's an
interesting take. Yeah, if you make the woman of your dreams
after your team wins it, that's some intrinsic
value there of connecting it.
It's fun. It's great. It's all that.
In Boston, we've had
eight of them in the last 15 years.
At the end of the day, it's
nice. It's a new t-shirt and a new hat,, at the end of the day, I mean, it's nice. It's a new T-shirt and a new hat.
But, you know, at the end of the day, you still got to go to work and hump for eight hours a day to, you know,
pay your mortgage and have your kids snort all over you.
So, you know, life still goes on, even though it's fun.
That's the basic message out of it.
So we talked about NHL.
In terms of NHL news, the Montreal Canadiens
continue to friggin'
just dominate the entire league.
Carey Price is unbeatable. He's not even
giving up goals, it seems like.
So I think that this
might be for real. I don't think they're going to end up breaking
any records in terms of wins, but
this is another year where Price
comes back, and I think we're going to end up seeing the
Canadiens as one of the top four seeds in the
East, and then once they get in the playoffs, it seems like anything can happen.
Let me ask you, Ryan. Do you buy into the notion that a team
can peak too early? Is that something that happens in the NHL? We hear that.
We heard it about the Bruins a few times. They peaked too early.
I think some guys do in high school, some guys do in college, but the hockey teams
actually peak too early in the NHL.
It's funny because if you're a really good team,
and a team like Chicago, when they come out and they have a start,
you're never wondering, oh, are they peaking too early?
It's just, oh, they're this good.
We're not that surprised.
But then you see teams like Montreal where it wasn't expected
and Edmonton where it wasn't expected.
And that's when the peak too early conversation comes up
because it never happens with teams before the year that are picked.
If Washington was off to a lightning hot start,
no one would be like, oh, I wonder if they're peaking too early.
No, they're just this good. They're going to be this good all year.
So in terms of talent and how deep a team is,
I think you can peak a little early
but in the end like what are you going to do it's it's something that just doesn't even it
nobody has any effect over if you're playing good you're playing it doesn't matter what time of the
year it is you want to continue it as long as it is so it's tough to kind of be a player on a team
and actually think for any moment like wow we're peaking too early you know i was in pittsburgh and we started off red hot my second year and people were saying like you guys are just you
know you think you could continue this pace and like everyone in the locker room you mean you're
answering stupid questions from media like that but all you're thinking is like we're just playing
like as good as we usually can i don't really we're not thinking about we're peaking you just
try to win every game so So, I mean, exactly.
You know what I mean?
It doesn't make, it can happen,
but nobody even knows it's happening if that's the case.
Right.
You're not going to consciously draw back like,
oh, we're playing too good.
We better push hit the bed tonight so we don't peak.
And you don't even think, you don't even think like,
oh, like this is going to end here.
There's no part of your brain when you're winning, you know, you win 10 of your first 14 games, no one in their this is going to end here there's no part of your brain when you're
winning you know you win 10 of your first 14 games no one in their head's going to be like oh i wonder
when this is going to end it's just not even realistic yeah but i i mean and then you know
there is the well i know there's been a couple teams in the last 20 years but you know the whole
team that wins the president's trophy they they really don't they don't often win the cup and
you know i don't i don't know if a team that wins a president's trophy peaks too
long, but is it something that
they almost have too much intensity during
the year where they...
Obviously, you're paid. You're going to be professional
every game, but obviously there are some nights where teams
just kind of don't show up.
Yeah, I mean, that's natural.
Do teams get spent, though? I mean, a team that
does win the president's trophy
by the end of the year, is it a possibility it possible they are spent maybe somewhat emotionally or physically?
No, I don't even I don't even think that I think it's almost the complete opposite, because I think a lot of times you see the issues with President's Cup trophy winning teams is that the last like month, two months of the season.
teams is that the last like month, two months of the season, it's not,
it's not the competitiveness and being exhausted. It's that they're like laying back, you know,
they don't need to win these games or not.
You see teams like so many times you go,
your team goes on a run and gets the eighth seed in the playoffs.
And then they go to the finals because they've been playing playoff games
four weeks, five, six weeks prior to the regular season ending.
All those games are playoff games for those teams.
And then some of the teams that finish with the best record in the league,
the last month, they haven't played a real meaningful game.
So I think that's kind of what the issue's been in terms of when you win the
Presidents' Cup, you very rarely win the Stanley Cup.
And I think partly it's tough to turn it back on for the playoffs.
If you're just chilling for a month or two at the
end of the year, and you're winning games on your skill
and how good you are, but you don't need to win games
to turn it back on right when the playoffs
starts can be tough, and that's why you see teams get upset
all the time. They get complacent.
They get complacent, Mikey.
There he is, Mikey Grinnelli.
Complacent. What a word.
The other thing, too, is what I don't like
about the Canadians winning this much is that
the puck line prices, they suck
at this when they're at home. Like last night,
Vancouver. I know. It's like, oh, yeah,
you're going to jump on them because they've been killing
the puck line, and they're only with it
like a plus 140 or 150 last night
in the puck line. It's not even worth playing,
but you've got to get the Canadians on the road. That's when
you get a nice puck line price on them.
Yeah, and they're still good on the road.
But listen, I didn't tell you guys this.
Last Saturday night, I saw that Vancouver was playing at home against Washington.
Washington had lost to Edmonton two nights before.
They had a day off.
Vancouver played the night before.
So they're coming off a back-to-back.
Washington's coming in rested, off a loss.
I'm like, boom, pound.
Pounded Washington.
Pounded them on the puck line.
I wake up.
I stayed up through the first two periods.
They were up.
I fall asleep, wake up.
5-2 Washington.
I'm like, boom, perfect.
Great hit.
Sign on to the frigging site.
I bet it on Vancouver.
I took Vancouver in both of them.
I clicked it in the wrong spot.
Oh, that's the worst.
I wanted to punch my own head in.
What?
I thought you were going to say you forgot the password, which is.
Oh, no, when you forget to do that.
No, no, I forgot.
I just put it on the wrong team.
That would have been much better than putting the password and then putting the wrong goddamn team in like you did.
Oh, my God.
Exactly.
It's not a loss.
Hey, by the way, nice appearance on PMT.
We got another huge bump.
I'll tell you, man, if you ever need your podcast to rock it to the top of the charts,
just have somebody on your show go on Pod My Take.
Yeah, that show is  those guys, it's like unreal.
I don't know how you stay on that entire time.
They never really take a moment off, and they just feed off each other.
So you're kind of battling back and forth with them a little bit.
You've got to stay on your toes.
You've got to stay woke, as they say.
Yeah, you've definitely got to stay woke with PFT there.
That was good stuff.
We definitely got a nice little bump from you being on the show.
But going back to the skates, we had a real good story earlier in the week.
Craig Anderson from Ottawa, the goaltender, who was actually a short-time Bruin.
He never actually got in a game.
I think he was a backup for like two or three games here.
But he's been the man up in  number one guy up in Ottawa for the last couple years.
Well, his wife got diagnosed
with cancer, and he was
away from the team for a couple days. His first game
back, I believe,
I think it was, it might have been over the
weekend. I forget exactly what date. It don't matter.
He was in Edmonton. You know, his
wife implored him to go back, said,
you know, the team needs you. I want you to go back.
He listened to his wife. His first game back, he
shuts out Edmonton, Ed Edmonton.
They had been about the hottest team in the league before then.
And he got the number one star of the game.
And, you know, he was very emotional after, as expected.
But what really got me watching that was seeing Cam Talbot,
the goalie for Edmonton, actually come out.
You know, once the guys are off the ice, they go in the locker room,
and they only come out if they are one of the three stars.
And Talbot came out just to give an ovation to Craig Anderson.
Talbot was one of the stars, and then he just waited.
Well, that's what I mean.
You're right.
If they do come out, they just kind of twirl and then go back.
And, yeah, he made sure to linger in the hallway,
in the little walkway there, to give him an applause, too.
It's just one of those things that if you've seen any sport,
it's just a real touching moment.
And Craig Anderson was obviously pretty emotional about it. But watching Cam Talbot just kind of those things that if you've seen any sport, it's just a real touching moment. Craig Anderson was obviously pretty
emotional about it, but watching Cam Talbot
just kind of wait there and getting to give that applause,
it was a pretty special thing to see.
Obviously, it sucks to have to deal with another
cancer story, but to have
a nice little video like that,
it warms the cockles of your heart
as they say.
I like that.
What really got me
was when he was in the,
the hallway by himself and he kind of just crouched over and,
you know,
he was kind of just,
you know,
taking it all in and you could tell,
you know,
not that anyone would ever make it,
you know,
about themselves and make,
make it kind of a scene,
but you could tell it wasn't that.
And it was kind of him,
how much like,
you know,
it really meant to him.
Yeah. And I think that, I think that the best thing i read um was that it's so true that as as an
athlete a former athlete had written this that when you're when you're dealing with things off
the ice um your time on the ice is actually like it's it's like your your release you know and so
what happens is when you're going
through really hard things like that you actually get off the ice and you saw that was right when
you get off the ice and they told him he was first starter so it's a wait and that's when you're just
you know for a fact then it all comes out because the game's over your job's done you did your job
and now you get back to real life stuff so when you're playing and i had experience in this with
in pittsburgh my mom had a brain tumor and she was going through surgery to have it removed.
So it was a really trying time for, you know, my family and myself.
And in that we would I would play games and I would be OK.
And then you just the game ends and you start thinking about it.
So I totally could see where he was coming from. And that's probably where it all hit him.
And it was just it was total emotion. It was like some things are supposed to happen that way
and they did for him just to have that creative a game
and know that right away his wife came to his mind.
So that was a great story for hockey.
Unfortunately, hopefully she's okay.
We send our thoughts and prayers,
but that was some special viewing that night.
Yeah, it was a good scene.
Again, unfortunately the scenario has to play out,
but it was quite a thing.
It kind of got lost in the shuffle over the weekend, I think,
with football and the World Series and a lot going on.
And it was up in Canada, so it never makes its way down really that often.
If it's two Canadian teams, you don't see it that often in the U.S. Sports Center.
Yeah, exactly.
So last week we had a debut of the segment All Right Hamilton.
We had some pretty good success for all.
We had our first T-shirt winner.
Who won the T-shirt?
Who won the T-shirt?
I want to say, is it Sean Sullivan?
I don't have the exact thing in front of me, but I have his address.
I told him I'm down floor.
I'm going to get the shirt out to him next week.
People seem to take to it.
They use the hashtag.
We've got a lot of questions.
I know Mikey rounded up a few of them. We're going to shoot through a few of those right now. Mikey, what do you got, pal? All right, let's start it off. Joseph Tower, and he spelt it
Joseph J-O-S-E-F. Nice and European-like. A little Joseph Stumple. Yeah, exactly. Yeah,
like. A little Megalovania. A Joseph Stumple. Yeah, exactly.
Yep, yep. Throwback!
Throwback! So, Joseph
says, hey, stool chiclets, is the combination
of speed, four scoring lines
and Hank enough for the Rangers to
win the East and the Cup?
Hashtag, alright, Hamilton.
Alright, Hamilton.
Alright, you can take this one from the start.
I'm going to give you my opinion.
I think they probably got enough for forward when you've got a guy like Hank
who can steal games for you.
I don't know, is their D going to be good enough for them as the year goes on?
I guess that would probably be a bit of a concern.
I know they've got some miles on them.
You know, guys who were producing a little bit better a few years ago
aren't as good as they used to be on the Rangers.
I think with Hank, anything can happen, man.
A guy like that, when he gets hot in the playoffs, he can steal games for you.
But, you know, the Rangers window, I think, is closing with Hank.
I don't think they have, you know, had Talbot in the pipeline.
They obviously traded him to Edmonton.
But, you know, they got to do this on Hank's window because without him,
I don't see how the Rangers are going to win without having a number one goalie.
So as much as the Rangers did replenish
bringing in Jimmy Vesey, he got six goals
near the top of the league. He's having
a great start. I also
do feel the Rangers have a window here.
If they don't win in the next couple years with Hank,
they're going to have to go
and find themselves a number one goalie.
Unfortunately, with a place like New York, you can just
go out and sign a guy if there is a
guy available out there.
But I don't know.
I wouldn't consider him a favorite.
Their D are just  and the thing is, it's such a forward-driven league now,
but you still see once the playoffs come, you've got to be able to defend.
So I love their forwards up front.
You'll see that Pavel Buknevich is going to make noise.
I played against him in the KHL when he was 18, really good player
that just got back in the lineup.
He was injured.
Kevin Hayes has had a huge bounce back here. Rick Nash has as well.
Rick Nash talked about Kevin Hayes, how he lost 20 pounds this summer. I see him around Boston.
He's a great guy. And to see him put that effort in this summer, I was not the least bit surprised to see him start off this well. And in terms of easy mean he's been he's been probably he's probably exceeded
my expectations which is tough and i think i knew a little bit about him so it it changed as opposed
to all hockey fans just heard about this kid so they they might even expect it more or just because
all the build-up he had but no one you know the type of player was i didn't i didn't think he'd
hop off this start i heard uh guys in the summer who skated with him said they wouldn't be surprised
if he got 30 goals this year and i thought they might have just been saying that, but now, I mean,
25-30 is realistic after the start he's had. So the thing that's upsetting for him is he has
more goals than Austin Matthews. He has, I think, you know, he's third in rookie scoring,
and you don't even hear about him.
You know, it's Austin Matthews and William Nylander in Toronto
and Patrick Lyon in Winnipeg.
So it's like, you know, the Canadian media gets around.
And unfortunately, Vesey could get 30 goals,
and I still don't think he'd have a sniff at Rookie of the Year
just because you see him being a little bit older,
and you can already tell that he's not going to really get much noise for that award.
And it's kind of ironic, too, playing in New york city where typically guys who play there don't you know
it's not often accused of oh no one no one hears about them they play in new york no one knows what
knows about them but like you said guy like austin maddie's playing line a uh you know there's all
these kind of hyped guys who were drafted top five they're kind of stealing his thunder but i think if
he just keeps doing what he's doing we'll certainly hear his name at the end of the year
when they're talking about the Calder.
Yeah, exactly.
And then on  I agree.
But in their defense, the Rangers, like you said,
I just  that's where their team's weak.
And, you know, a guy like Mark Stahl and Dan Girardi,
still guys who, you know, make plays, but they just  they've lost a step.
And Mark Stahl's had a bounce back year to start.
But their D just isn't that deep. And Ryan McDonough, I think, is a great player, number one defenseman,
but you just need a little bit more, and that's not to say that Stahl and Girardi couldn't
really find a little in the tank as opposed to last year at the end of this year and really
kind of get going and play some of their best hockey, but it's just tough because foot speed kind of matters now i went through it um you see a guy
like gerardi who's a warrior block shots but just once you lose that half step the game becomes a
lot harder um you just can't be in areas that you were before no matter how good positionally you
are so i think we've seen a little bit of that from him but in the end it'll be the the rangers
defense that kind of lets them down if they do go on to have a quick playoff exit or not finish top of the East.
Taking a quick look out west at the bottom of the standings,
two teams that you would probably expect to see at the top.
Instead, it looks flip-flopped.
Los Angeles and Nashville.
Los Angeles obviously lost Jonathan Quick, a huge loss for them.
They got to go with Peter Boudai and Jeff Zatkoff.
That sounds like an 80s villain in a Jean-Claude Van Damme movie, that name.
And then Nashville, Becca Rene's been struggling.
They're obviously missing Shea Webb.
Of those two teams, Ryan, if one of them's not going to make the playoffs,
which team out of Nashville and L.A., only one of them can make the playoffs,
who's it going to be?
I think Nashville makes it.
I think you're going to see them at some point in the season put a little string together.
L.A.
They don't have a goalie.
You look at the Kings, they don't have a goalie.
But listen, so number one and number two and number three reasons that they're going through this
is they don't have Jonathan Quick.
But you've got to look at, like, L.A.'s getting older.
You see guys that are now 31, 32 old that like i said before with some of the players in the rangers you just lose a little
bit you know dustin brown i think's just lost a little bit he still plays hard and is a leader
for that team but you know andre kopitar is the captain now and then you see on d they're just
battling injuries it's just it's when you when you're battling injuries to start a year,
unless everyone ends up coming back healthy, which very rarely happens,
it's so hard to rebound from it because you just get off to such a slow start
based on not having guys.
And then as the time goes on and people do recover and other guys come back,
well, then you see other guys get injured a lot of times
because they've been overplayed and overused while they were trying to make up
for when their teammates were injured earlier in the year.
So it's kind of this vicious cycle where I could see L.A. kind of fall into.
And Nashville, I mean, it's been a weird start.
I think losing your captain and getting in a strong, loud personality like P.K. is really kind of  it's different for a team.
But they got Pecorine, and he's going to be there.
So Nashville, I think, will get in, and I could totally see L.A. missing,
which is crazy to say now.
I see them as two teams trending in a different direction, don't you guys?
You know, one team's kind of just looking to find their step
and get it going in Nashville, and then you have a team in L.A.
who's kind of, you know, kind of falling off.
Yeah, yeah, and I think that Nashville will find it
um but you look at LA and like Alec Martinez is defensive he's leading their team in points he
has seven points through 10 games I mean you know so you you need you need guys to I think Kopitar
could be way better which I'm surprised about because people don't or people forget that as
the PMT guys like to say that that Kopitar Kopitar is Patrice Bergeron
out west I mean in a sense can be even better than him offensively so yeah I mean that he's
a superstar that's off to a slow start um but Jeff Carter's a little bit older I think Drew
Dowdy's a superstar and he'll be there but it's just weird that their team uh it seems to not be
clicking and when your goalie's out it's just kind of led through that so they're in different
directions um it's just all about if they can actually turn around.
Nashville will.
Yeah, I think Nashville, I think the pots are there.
And again, the missing Weber, they added Subban.
I think they're just trying to recalibrate, basically.
Whereas the Kings, man, you know, it just shows you how important a goaltender is.
And you saw it with Montreal last year with Price.
It's the exact same thing.
Bingo.
You know, that's a great comparison, Ryan.
It's like, okay, even if guys
aren't going or doing their best, but
if the guy in between the pipes
isn't making the saves when you need it, then
it doesn't matter almost. It doesn't matter.
It doesn't matter.
How does that go in the room
when it's the obvious
glaring weakness of a team is they're two goaltenders.
And, I mean, you know, is it on like the tip of a guy's tongue to say something
or is it just accepted and acknowledged and people just don't say it?
Like how does that go when that's the obvious problem in the room?
Well, I mean, if you're going to be the way you  if you're going to be a pro,
you know, you're not talking about it.
You know, maybe once in a while a couple guys are just you know they're close buddies on the team they're always
going to dinner together and they're like jesus fuck we need this guy to mix in a save like you
know that might come up uh but it's never talked about in the room i mean especially when when
you're when your goalies are struggling and especially in la's term where it's a call up and
you got guys who are you know
usually wouldn't be playing it's it's just try to support and try to play as hard as you can to help
these guys out because nobody wants to see anyone struggle i mean especially one of your teammates
you know you hate seeing guys around the league who struggle and get ripped on i remember playing
and you start seeing guys getting ripped and nobody likes seeing that it's it's the worst
part of the job i mean it, it is what it is.
It'll always happen.
But so when it's your teammate going through that too,
you just want to play as hard as you can for him
and just hope that he figures it out.
But goalies are crazy.
I mean, everyone knows how weird they are.
And when their confidence gets shot, it's like they really can't stop a thing.
And it's crazy to see because there'll be times when they're so on that it's
they make saves that are, like, amazing to you constantly in practice and games
when they're feeling it.
And then when they're off, it's the complete opposite.
You're shocked something like that could go in.
Yeah, some days it's like a beach ball.
Some days it's like a Super Bowl.
I've been there.
I mean, I can relate, you know.
Yeah, yeah.
Oh, you were a goalie, eh, street hockey?
Yeah, a little bit. Yeah, I don't think so. I don't think I'm a goalie, eh? Street hockey? Yeah, a little bit.
I don't think I'm a goalie.
I don't shine shoes no more.
But also, too,
if you've got a captain who's vocal
or a vocal lead in the room who calls
out guys who are playing like shit,
they generally leave the goalie alone.
If a defenseman has a four-turnover
period and a guy's going to call him out, a goalie, generally they ain't going to say shit to him because he's the goalie alone. Like, I mean, if a defenseman has a four-turnover period, the guy's going to call him out.
But, I mean, a goalie, generally they ain't going to say shit to him
because he's a goalie, right?
They're just like, you don't have to remind the goalie he's having a bad night.
He knows that they don't need a captain calling him out in a room.
And that's why I couldn't stand Michelle Tarian because in the minors,
my first year, the original lockout, I think it was 2004, 2005,
Tarian was coaching our team in Wilkes-Barre scranton and flurry was our goalie and he had a great start to the year we were a good team and
then middle of the year he's 19 years old started struggling a little bit and terrian came in after
the second period one time and just he would scream at the french guys in french and then
the english guys he'd scream at in his nasty french accent and it was just like everyone's just waiting to get ripped on so he comes in he's
he reeks like cigarette smoke he just ripped the dart right before he comes in and he starts
screaming at flurry in french and everyone's just like looking down and flurry just looked really
upset i mean 19 years old this kid was he know, he didn't expect or really deserve this.
And so he goes to the bathroom,
Terry and Storm's out, and I asked the guy,
Lane Nazardine, he's now the assistant coach
for the New Jersey Devils.
I said, what did he just say?
He said, you're the worst
fucking first overall pick I've ever
seen in my life. That's what he said in French.
I was like, holy shit.
No wonder Flory looked upset.
You don't do that to a fucking goalie,
but he did. And I remember thinking
you could say that to a player, but a goalie
that could just crush him.
Every time you're up Montreal,
you hear French speaking, I always think
this guy could definitely work at a strip joint.
Like when they
announce it. He probably does.
When they announce the names like
stage one
monique dev lepid pour some sugar on me
that's probably i think you should go work up there doing that um yeah i'll tell you stick
you know what one of the most underrated parts of um that the high-end strip joints in montreal
is the fucking buffets man i'll tell you it's been a while I mean
Since I was 18 and 18 so you'd go
You'd probably go in at like 3 and
Hang out have dinner like just perfect
Right whoa
3 o'clock in the afternoon and you
Five and they're putting that spread
Out come on what am I gonna walk to Burger King
Down St. Catherine Street no
Dude wait Mikey Grinnell are you fleeking
Out do I hear you yelling about something well yeah I've been to these a few Strip clubs on St. Catherine Street? No, dude. Wait, Mikey Grinnell, are you freaking out? Do I hear you yelling about something?
Well, yeah.
I've been to a few strip clubs on St. Catherine Street,
and I never got the buffet.
I missed out.
Dude, they probably didn't want to bring it out for you.
You didn't look as classy and ready to spend some money as R.A.
I'm not R.A.
R.A. the most interesting man in the world.
Yeah, exactly.
There used to be, I was on Clear Patches.
It was kind of like the, what's that fucking dump in the combat zone
that's still open in downtown?
You know, what's?
Oh, Centerfolds.
I was on the naked eye of my buddy in the hunting area off the top.
He's like raising his hand like it's class.
Like, yeah, the naked eye, like that's like, you know,
across from Centerfold.
It's like having a Morton's across from McDonald's.
And we were up Clear Patches one time, and it's like having a morton's across from mcdonald's and we were up fucking we were up clear patches one time and it's like the naked eye of montreal and you know real dive you
know you go in there to get the taste out of wherever you know when you're up friday at like
noon or something you're so real degenerate place so this is like the worst place i had to build a
nest i i mean my stomach was an eruption i couldn't make it back to the hotel i look like
fucking it looked like they were filming sesame Street in the bathroom because the fucking nest I had on the toilet was so fucking big.
It's like, oh, I'm going to puke.
I'm going to.
So listen.
So so I'm fucking, you know, I had to go.
So I built the nest.
I'm sitting there all of a sudden.
I hear the door open.
I look down and I see my buddy's sneakers.
Now, he doesn't know where I'm in there.
And he comes in the strip joint. And I goes, hey. and he's like what he goes i'll finish you off for 50 and
he fucking ran out he had no idea it was me in there dropping a two and fucking he's like some
guy just come in the back because that was me on the fucking throne you're not i thought i finished
him for 50 and scared the shit out of him oh Oh, that's crazy. Holy shit. That's when you get out of
Cleopatra's, dude. That's time to go.
Oh, what happened? They put up,
they played that song, Lady in Red.
The Lady in Red come out and she
was about a three and they cleared the place
out. It was like, all right, see you later. Time to get
the fuck out of here.
Oh, I miss that city.
All right, we need another question, Mikey.
All right, so this is from Nick Jesse.
He says, stool chiclets, will the Blue Jackets ever be real contenders
with torts as their coach?
Hashtag, all right, Hamilton.
All right, Hamilton.
No.
That's all I'm saying, no.
Yeah, Columbus, they seem like they were on the cusp of, you know, That's all I'm saying. No. Yeah.
Columbus, they seem like they were on the cusp of, you know,
becoming a semi-contender there for a while, and then it just kind of imploded since then.
We thought Yamo Kikulainan was probably better than he's been in that job
there so far.
They just can't get over the hump.
I don't think Tortorella was the right move.
He sucks.
I don't know.
I mean, Bobrovsky looks like a fantastic world beater one night,
and then the next night, i.e., the night I bet him,
he lets in a shit goal from Drew Doughty from the shirt.
Oh, you've been bitching about this for a week now.
Dude, it was a fucking Dynamite 2900, bro.
Come on, I'm going to bitch about it.
Oh, that sucks.
Did I say that out loud?
Are we taping?
We'll cut that out.
You got Bobrovsky, dude.
Yeah, fuck him.
That's just what it is.
Dude, I had Pittsburgh last night puck line out in Anaheim.
They're another scuffling team, although they pulled it together.
But I'm looking at Winnipeg, dude.
They're another team out west.
Jacob Truber.
They're missing Jacob Truber right now.
Are they going to do something to improve the team?
What are they going to do with Truber?
It's the crazy.
It makes zero sense to me.
And
if you don't sign
by December 1st, you
can't play this year, no matter what
happens with any team, any trade. You got to
be signed by December 1st. There's a new
rule since the last CBA where you can't
just sit out and come back in January.
So this kid's got to figure it out.
I don't know if at this point he's so set against playing for Winnipeg.
I don't know if Winnipeg now doesn't want him back.
I find that hard to believe because I've heard Kevin Chevalier off say,
listen, we're doing the best thing that we can for this team.
We really like him as a player.
He's the one that wants to be traded.
And he's like, well, we're not budging.
So is this kid not going to give in and sign a one, two-year deal to play this year, make
some money?
Because forget not development.
Forget being, me thinking back to when I was his age, 22, 23, it's probably my biggest
years of development as a player.
So when you really gain confidence, you get stronger.
He's played two NHL seasons.
Get to that third, fourth, start becoming the dominant defenseman you want to be.
So forget all that development.
He's losing, not playing.
He's not even getting paid. He's not even getting paid.
What the fuck?
He's not even getting a paycheck.
Yeah, I mean, it's a principled thing you're doing,
but at the same time, man, you know, your whole fucking
I like some fucking cash, bro.
Yeah, your whole objective is to play hockey and get paid for it,
and you're not fucking doing either right now.
So, you know, what kind of advice you're getting?
Is it worth it?
You know?
And, you know, it's similar.
It's real similar.
It's actually not. It's not
similar because Jonathan Drouin had a contract
last year, but in a way, it's similar to him
with Tampa last year. He just said, listen,
I want to be traded, but he was under contract.
So they suspended him. So that
was even more ridiculous on his end, but
Eisenman stood pat. He said,
fuck that. I'm not doing
you're not telling me what to do. I'm doing whatever I want to do for this team.
And trading you, I don't think is the best thing for it.
So either get on the program or sit at home.
So Trouba, he doesn't have a deal.
So it's a little different than that.
But Kevin Sheveldayoff is doing the same thing in Winnipeg.
He's saying, I'm not doing anything you tell me to do unless I think it's best for the teams.
You can sit there all you want, but you're the one not playing.
You're the one not getting paid.
I just happen to be missing one of my top, you know, five defensemen.
He's the third pairing defenseman on the right side.
That's his problem.
He wants to be in the top two units, but it's Bufflin and Tyler Myers.
Wait, how much of a difference, you know, as a defenseman, especially like you said,
a young developing defenseman, how much of a difference does it make?
I played defense growing up as well
and if you stuck me on the left side...
Oh, yeah.
Larry Robinson over here.
But I mean, if you threw me on the left
side, you throw me on the right side, I could give a shit
less. I mean, does it really matter?
Does it really matter that much to you?
This has been a thing
that's been, like Mike Babcock,
the inventor of
hockey, he's huge on this.
You have to be a righty on the
right side and a lefty on the left side.
I played my first four years as a right
defensive on the left side and I loved it.
Offensively, you always have a one-timer.
Walking the line, it's easier.
Going back on pucks,
you're wheeling on your forehand around the net.
The issue can be that when you get the puck on a D-to-D pass
and then you have your blind side, it's all up the ice.
So a lot of times defensemen want you to be able to see up ice as you get the puck
instead of getting it behind your body as a lefty or a righty
when you're playing the offside.
So I liked playing it, but it's more coaches that seem that they think
defensemen struggle.
I think a lot of guys that are lefties and righties would have no problem
playing the offside because that's the same way I was and the guys I played with.
Nobody really minds.
What do you guys think happens?
How does this all happen?
I think he's going to be playing for Winnipeg this year.
I don't think they're going to move him.
Is he going to sit out the whole year? Are you telling me November 30th, Winnipeg this year. I don't think they're going to move him. Is he going to sit out the whole year?
Are you telling me November 30th,
Winnipeg's like, take this deal,
and if you have a good year,
you're going to sign with somebody
if it's not us.
He's not going to take that?
Yeah, he can even take a fucking one-year deal
just to play him, you know, whatever,
just to play him.
Maybe it comes down to midnight,
November 30th or whatever.
How many days in November?
I never know that. But whatever it comes down to,, November 30th or whatever. How many days in November? I never know that.
But whatever it comes down to, I think he plays for them.
And if Winnipeg keeps scuffling, you've got to think that's leverage for Trouba.
Yeah, he wants them to struggle.
The worse they play, the better for him.
But, I mean, they're not trading him unless they get what they want back,
and that's a young D-man and probably a pick.
And what team's going to give that
when this kid hasn't even played? You've got to think
this year he's not going to be very good.
I think Vancouver
heard us talking about it a couple weeks ago
because they lost every single game since we mentioned
they had won four in a row or something.
Yeah, but I bet a load
on them when I actually didn't
mean to, so of course I'm the loser
in this. That's the worst. I'm the loser in this. That's the worst.
I'm the loser in this.
Yeah, well, this segment's all over the road.
We got to read another question, Mikey, and I'll write him.
We're an all-over-the-road type podcast.
Oh, that's what's good about us.
We don't have any real formality here.
We're a free-flowing, free-spirited show.
So, we got Megs Corbin who asks,
What a new slash better goalie really helped the Stars Megs Corbin, who asks, What's up, Megs?
What's up, Megs?
Would a new slash better goalie really help the Stars as dramatically as everyone seems to think?
Hashtag, all right, Hamilton.
All right, Hamilton.
Absolutely.
1,000.
If there's one team that can go from a pretender to a contender overnight,
it's Dallas by getting a top flight number one goalie.
Hands down, I've been saying it for three fucking years.
I know.
It's just I always thought Anthony Emi was a pretty good player.
Like, he's had a hell of a career, but it just seems like no matter who's there,
it's been a long time.
It seems like they never get the job done in net there.
It's always been an issue.
Yeah.
Larry, Cary Letton, they put all their eggs in his basket. I mean, he came in with a soft reputation in net there. It's always been an issue. Yeah. Kerry Letton, they put all their eggs in his basket.
He came in with
a soft reputation in the playoffs.
He's done nothing to change it.
And he won the Cup in Chicago
and he hasn't been good since, man.
I mean, they're paying him a lot of money. That's the problem.
They can go out and get another goalie,
but no one wants to take either of their goalies at those
ridiculous contracts back. That's the conundrum
for them. Listen, guys, though,
the stars are
missing. Cody Eakin, Alex Hemsky,
Mattias Johnmark, Janmark,
and Patrick Sharp.
So that's four. I mean, that's a line.
That's a line and a player. All very good players
that they just don't have
right now. So I think when they get
healthy, I really do. Maybe
not win the Cup. Maybe those two guys cannot get the cup done,
but I could see Dallas being a very top team in the West.
If they could get guys back from injury and just get decent goal time,
they're going to score enough goals. Talk about taking,
taking the over on a team. That's an over team all day,
but they're going to score enough goals.
They just need decent goal time to really be elite.
So we'll see what happens when those guys get back from injury.
Not happening.
All right, do we want another one?
Not happening.
Let's do one more.
Let's do one final question.
All right, so we got Jordy, and his Twitter name is YoJordy.
Says, stool chiclets, when Vanik comes back,
does he continue the scoring pace he was on at the start of the year?
Hashtag, all right, Hamilton.
All right, Hamilton.
No, because he's Thomas Vanek,
and he'll start fucking taking nights off again.
That's what he does.
Who is this we're talking about?
Sorry.
Thomas Vanek.
I'm not with my phone there, fellas.
Is Thomas Vanek, is he going to continue at this torrid pace?
No.
And I said no, because he's Thomas Vanek.
No, and maybe if he hadn't gotten hurt, you just
ride that into a couple months of being
dominant, which he has the skill to do, but
once you get hurt, you're not going to come back and be on a
pace like you started off there. I mean,
you see a lot of guys that won't continue their pace
without injuries, so coming back from injury is hard enough.
What do you got for us, Mikey? Is there any others?
I thought that was the last one.
I thought you guys said that was the last one.
We said, but no, you know what?
That's actually good.
We can segue into our other fresh segment,
which we got some run out last weekend.
That's Ask a Millennial.
Oh, good, good.
Okay, so hold on, hold on.
I've been wondering about this.
Am I a millennial?
I don't think I am, dude.
You're kind of on the highest scale end of them, Ryan.
I think people say like early 80s to like basically the last 30 years you're a millennial.
And I think you're considered the high end.
Plus the fact you didn't know Linda Ronstadt was last week.
I definitely think you're a millennial if you didn't know Linda Ronstadt.
Yeah, but dude, you like  how old are you, all right?
40?
I'm 44. Okay, 44. Oh, wow. All right, so how old are you, Ari? 40? I'm 44.
Okay, 44.
Oh, wow.
All right.
So I actually thought you were like 30.
So you're 44, but you're like 60 basically, though.
Because you like all old shit.
I'm an old soul, bro.
I'm an old soul, bro.
All right.
So I want to ask a millennial.
And Mikey Grinnell is the biggest millennial.
You're a millennial.
Oh, I'm definitely a millennial.
All right. So let's go. So who millennial. Oh, I'm definitely a millennial.
All right, so let's go.
So who answers first?
Okay, I'll ask Mikey.
Mikey, who is Steve Carlton?
Steve Carlton.
Steve Carlton.
Don't Google it, Mikey.
Don't fucking Google.
I'll break your fingers.
I have no idea who Steve Carlton is.
Ryan, who is Steve Carlton?
Pitcher for the Phillies, I think it was.
Wow.
Bing, ding, ding.
Okay, see, that's one of the higher end of the scale.
I kind of had a feeling you wouldn't know who he is.
Dude, I know sports.
I'm not a millennial in sports, bro.
I believe he was a four-time Cy Young Award winner.
He was probably the best lefty pitcher of the 70s in the National League.
Steve Cowden, Phillies.
Then he bounced around a little late in his career.
So, yeah, I'm surprised you know that.
Okay, what about who is Greta Garbo, Mike?
Who is Greta Garbo?
Greta Garbo?
Greta Garbo, man, I have no idea.
I have no clue, but I don't think anyone under the age of 50 will know besides you.
No, no, that's a tough one.
Like, no, she was she's an old school actress, like during like the 20s and 30s.
She was like, oh, my God, she was like a hot 30s and 30s.
She know that that was it. That was obviously a higher-end one.
All right, here's another one.
Mikey, what is Fraggle Rock?
Oh, Fraggle Rock?
It's a cereal, right?
I don't know.
Fraggle Rock.
Holy shit, you millennial.
You little bitch millennial.
Fraggle Rock.
Oh, holy shit.
It's where the Muppets lived, dude.
What's that?
Isn't it where the Muppets lived?
That's a little bit closer.
You're definitely in the Jim Henson film.
But yeah, Fraggle Rock was the HBO series from, I think, early 80s.
It was these Muppets who lived in this fucking scientist's hole in the wall.
There was this whole other world of Muppets and shit in there. Yeah, that's what I just said, where the Muppets who lived in like this like fucking scientist hole in the wall. There was this whole other world of like Muppets and shit in there.
Yeah, that's what I just said where the Muppets lived.
Yeah, well, there wasn't, well, I mean, well, the Muppets
are kind of a whole other fucking charade
that was a show that, you know, they lived in
the stage studio on the show, the
Muppet show. Oh, okay.
Either way,
I knew Frank about Muppet.
I thought it was cereal. Mikey Grinnell, he thought it was
a fucking cereal.
It kind of sounds like cereal, doesn't it?
You mean Fruity Pebbles?
No, I know what Fruity Pebbles are, but I don't know.
Fraggle Rock cereal.
Fraggle Rock.
One more, ask a millennial.
The Pope of Greenwich Village, Mikey.
The Pope of Greenwich Village.
Oh, God, I have no idea on that one.
I don't either, Mikey, because
I'm not 62 years old.
Is that a mobster?
It was a
1982 movie with
Mickey Rourke and Eric Roberts. They were like
small-time hoods in Greenwich Village.
Owen Gangster's muddy. It's like
a cult classic,
but it's famous because
Eric Roberts said, They took my Rod would say, Charlie, they took
my fucking thumbs, Charlie!
It's kind of like a
famous scene from that, but
it's definitely a cult classic.
You guys did alright. I'm not surprised.
I crushed it.
Mikey didn't do alright. He didn't get anything.
I didn't get one. I wasn't even close.
Mikey, we gotta start asking
him questions every week of like,
ask someone who isn't old
as dirt. Yeah, ask an old person or something.
Ask an old person.
Who are the fucking
Power Rangers, duh?
No, I'd have to like, ask
you like... I'd say, I'd say, I'd say,
who's, do you know who Lil Yachty is?
Do you alright? Lil Yachty is? Do you, all right?
Lil Yachty?
Yeah.
That's not the  no, I'm thinking Lil Poopy from Rockton,
the little rapper there.
Lil Yachty, I don't think I do know that, no.
See?
That's an old fuck. Check one for the millennials.
There we go.
There we go.
All right, boys.
Let me guess.
He's a one-hit-wonder rapper who has a video,
and then you're not going to hear him in three more years.
Yeah, definitely.
No, 100 right.
All right. Until he's bankrupt.
When he goes bankrupt, you heard about him.
Well, this is our first... Well, actually, you know, me and Witt
did back before when we were still free
agents on the... We were back on the independent
podcast syndicate. It was tough, you know, doing
the Shirk, it's down south and stuff, but we made it.
We did a
show about remote, believe it or not, once
before, but this is our first remote on the Barstool
Network live from Sarasota.
So it's good to finally get this done because next week we've got to
actually, I've got a request now with a very huge guest.
I'm going to check the email, see if he got back to me.
It'll be a pretty good get.
That's our tease for today.
Yeah, guests will be starting soon.
Also, thank you for listening.
We need you to rate it and leave a review for us, good or bad, on iTunes.
We always love to hear the criticisms.
Back up to number two.
Or the love.
But we do thank everyone, and we appreciate you all listening.
Take care, everybody.
Have a good weekend.
Peace out.
Peace out. Till Stolman's cavalry came And tore up the tracks again
In the winter of 65
We were hungry
Just barely alive
By May the 10th
Richmond had fell
It's a time
I remember oh so well
The night they drove on Dixie down.
And the bells were ringing.
The night they drove on Dixie down.
