Hey, Spittin' Chicklets listeners, you can find every episode on Apple Podcasts, Spotify, or YouTube.
Prime members can listen ad-free on Amazon Music.
This episode of Spittin' Chicklets is brought to you by Sauce Hockey.
We all know that hockey is more than just a game. It's a culture and a way of life.
The best players carry that swagger off the ice and are definitely known to have a bit of fun in the process.
Not a big deal.
Sauce Hockey has a full line of apparel that tells the hockey story from every level.
Whether you're a savvy veteran that has been around the block or a local legend playing beer league that had a cup of coffee, Sauce Hockey has the threads for you.
Sauce has the sickest lids around to make your summer flow pop.
How about that?
And they've even got you covered in the polo department.
How about that?
And they've even got you covered in the polo department.
Their t-shirts are softer than puppy ears and feature fresh designs that will definitely help you off ice plus minus.
If you catch my drift, you catch my drift.
You'll even find barbecue sets of broken twigs and other accessories like their boxers, which are also A+. To make matters even better, the beauties over at Sauce Hockey are giving us an exclusive 30 off discount code CHICKLETS.
You heard that right, 30 off with discount code CHICKLETS.
Sauce also has the best t-shirt of the month club out there, which sends you an original design from a part of the hockey history.
For only 30 or less than a 24-pack of Molson, you can get a piece of hockey history delivered to your door.
You can get a piece of hockey history delivered to your door.
The club has featured storied barns such as the Met Center, Bloomington, Minnesota,
the Yale Whale, the Ralph, Grand Forks, North Dakota, home of the old Fighting Sioux,
and recently did a tribute to Herb Brooks, which is still available on the website.
You can sign up at SauceHockey.com.
Make sure to head over to SauceHockey.com to take advantage of 30 off by using code CHICKLETS. That's S-A-U-C-E, hockey.com, code CHICKLETS. Hey!
Hello, everybody.
After a little bit of a layoff, Spittin' Chicklets is back.
What up, what up?
What up, what up?
Ryan Whitney.
Hello, gentlemen.
There's Mikey Grinelli, our producer.
We're with someone special.
It's episode 40.
Big 4-0 with big theme in Boston this week.
Tom Brady turned 40.
And finally, another white whale of ours We finally landed
Florida Panther
I almost said Ranger
Florida Panther
Keith Yandel of Milton Mass
Welcome to the show
Yandel
Thank you
Thanks for having me
It's a sight to be here
He's up in the chair
He said he wouldn't sit in this chair
By the way
But we can
I heard that
That's why
That's why I put my feet
On the coffee table
Just to show them the balls.
At least he took his sneakers off.
Ike will put his fucking dirty feet right up on the table.
He's from the North Shore.
He's at Shum's for a kid.
That's announcing your presence with authority.
No, we're pleasured to have Keith here.
This is very interesting to have a lifelong friend of mine, my first.
One of my best friends, so it's pretty cool to think back of all the stuff
we've been through.
So now it's fun
to actually talk
to you professionally.
I feel like a kid reporter
doing like pretend interviews.
Yeah, exactly.
But the biggest one
was I just want to let
everyone know
Keith is where he is at today.
Like one of the,
you know,
the elite defense
in the NHL,
multi,
multi-millionaire.
And there was a time
when he was going to quit sports and become a
skateboarder you know that's a fact that's a fact wow you a big hashtag gleam in the cube i actually
didn't even have a skateboard but i just i was into the skateboard life it was more uh more the
scene that i liked and then uh i think it was jimmy burn maybe wit's dad and my dad had a you
know sit down with me,
and they said, yeah, you can't do this.
They're like, Keith, all right, the airwalks, we can get by that,
but there's no chance you're dying your hair.
How old was this?
Janko jeans, remember those?
He rocked Janko's.
You had Janko jeans?
Yeah.
Oh, my.
Dude, with a nasty, what was your haircut then?
Just a complete wave or a wiffle.
I did the wiffle for a long time.
And then the time I had, I dyed just the front, like blonde.
I looked like Odell.
You were Odell before Odell was even a real deal.
Were you any good skateboarding?
Or is it like...
No, that's the thing.
They said, if you can land a kickflip, you can pursue this.
And I literally couldn't even do an ollie.
So I got the hockey skates back on.
So no Dogstown and Z-Boys for you, huh?
No, no.
That's a good movie.
Great documentary, by the way, on skateboarding.
I've never seen it.
Yeah, it's Dogstown and Z-Boys.
Yeah, they used to skateboard like the pools in California or something.
Yeah, they basically, yeah, it was these bunch of like, you know, dirty hippie looking California kids.
That's exactly what they did.
They would go to empty swimming pools.
They basically started this whole type of skateboard.
I think I've seen this, never in the movie, but I think this is like 80s type shit.
Well, this is 70s.
The movie came out.
The only reason I've seen it is because remember those PSPs that they had?
Remember everyone used to use them on the plane?
Yes, yes.
It came free when you bought the PSP.
That movie came with it, and you could watch it.
That's how I seen it.
On the PSP?
Yeah.
No shit.
Yeah, there's Dogtown and Z-Boys, and then there's Lords of Dogtown.
There's actually a movie with Heath Ledger, Emil Hirsch, that's based on the guys.
RIP, yeah.
But watch the documentary.
It's phenomenal.
Even if you have no interest in skateboarding,
it's done in such a way
that you can inspire a kid from Milton
to want to do that instead of play hockey.
You want to quit hockey.
If we had a skate park in Milton,
I'd probably be in the X Games.
Or working at 7-Eleven.
Or working at Newberry Comics.
Those dudes,
they make some mad cabbage
off the elite skateboarders.
They make a lot of
You think Tony Hawk's
crushing it.
Yeah, I mean,
but I mean, listen,
I think Tony Hawk,
you knew at four years old,
he was probably nasty already.
Keith was 13
and couldn't even
balance on it.
There was literally
no chance he was going.
Fortunately,
you guys got him
off skateboarding
and back into the ice.
Now, you didn't go to college
as you went to play juniors.
Now, you had no desire to just keep going to school anymore?
Or was it like, did you want to test yourself,
put yourself in a more quote-unquote pro environment?
What was the reason behind you playing juniors?
College programs couldn't afford me.
So it was kind of one of those things where it was just with the whole
you can't pay athletes.
I wasn't down for that.
No, it was...
He's like, listen, it's about time to get paid.
Yeah, it's about time.
No, it was...
Actually, my plan was to go to UNH and play a year with my brother,
and I had to accelerate in school.
And I had to do a couple of summer classes,
and UNH offered me a scholarship for two years if I could accelerate
or go my regular year.
So I was taking some summer classes in the summer.
It was a four-hour math class at Quincy College.
Can you imagine if you knew him better?
Like that's just...
Yeah, for me, there was like halfway through, there was like a 30-minute cigarette break.
Everyone just went outside and smashed cigarettes.
He had reports.
Yeah.
And I called my mom and I said, Mom, you got to come get me.
I can't do this.
I'm not going to college.
She's like, what?
I called from a pay phone, too.
Remember pay phone?
Oh, yes, dude.
I was like, you got to come and get me.
And I was like, I got to go play major junior.
And she was like, she had no idea what it even was.
And then I was drafted by Chikudomi, and that was like way up and what the hell is that yeah nobody speaks
english yeah there's no english there's no english they kind of just uh you know i think it's a lot
of friends they had a good team the year that i was there but um you know they traded me to
monkton monkton was hosting the memorial cup the wild Wildcats. Yep. And they had...
You were going to be a Wildcat one way or the other, right?
Exactly, yeah.
Milton Wildcats, Panthers.
Oh, yeah, I didn't even think of that.
This gets me up for life.
Yep.
And then, so it was kind of, they traded my rights there,
and I went up there and just played one year.
It was awesome.
I got, you know, Teddy Nolan was my coach.
He was unreal for me, and it was just a lot of fun playing there.
CHL defenseman of the year.
Now, he's actually  I just read he's coaching somewhere in Europe.
He just got a head
Latvia, maybe?
Yeah.
He was coaching the Latvian national team.
I mean, it seemed like he kind of got run out of the NHL, man.
You said he was the best coach.
Everyone who played for him loved him.
And then, well, I know he was in Buffalo.
The word in the street is he went up the back stairs behind the GM door
to the owner, and that basically got him blackballed.
I mean, I think he got one chance after that,
but he was such a good coach.
And then, you know, it's like, yeah, all right,
what are you doing in Latvia?
Yeah, I think the whole thing with him was he's such a player's coach
that, you know, say the GM was like, all right, you got to skate them today.
He'd be
like nope i'm not skating them like he's that that's just i don't know finally like dude this
guy has to do something mean he's like no yeah no he's an unbelievable guy he's a guy that
you'd go through a wall for he was awesome i loved him he was great for me and you know to
play for him for one year really helped me out. That year, you guys ended up losing. I remember watching it, streaming it on my fucking MacBook,
the first one ever.
Yeah.
You lost to Quebec.
Yep.
And who was the star of that team?
Radulov.
How nasty was he then, dude?
He had like a...
He was...
I think he had like 160 points in like 60 games or whatever.
He was unbelievable.
And they had Vlasic Vlasic I mean
Vlasic's like Vlasic's like a top like 30 40 defenseman like yeah he's on the Canadian Olympic
team he's playing a lot just have a major dough I didn't know they had him on that team he was on
that team and he was like you didn't because it was so much Radulov it was like yeah but he was
probably the kid Joey the kid Joey Ryan he was from uh around here oh yeah he was probably so steady. The kid Joey Ryan, he was from around here. Oh, yeah, he was good then.
He was a stud when he was young.
Yeah, he was awesome.
And then the kid Esposito, he was unreal.
Angelo Esposito.
He underwent a first-round pick by Pittsburgh,
and he was traded in the deal for Marian Hossa.
Yeah, he was awesome.
So they had a good team.
It's funny.
You were the first one of our friends.
Actually, Josh Hennessey was kind of the first one around here our age
to go up to play junior that I can recall.
And then you did it.
Now that you've moved on, you're an NHL veteran,
you know so many other guys.
Don't you see the side of going to college,
or are you still a junior guy?
I know it's different for everyone. i know it's different for everyone yeah it's different for everyone but i've told and i've told people who want to send
their kids major junior like i did one year there it was i couldn't imagine doing three four years
especially in when i played in monkton we flew private everywhere like the one year teddy nolan
said he's gonna run the team like an nhl team if it was outside of the maritimes we flew private everywhere like the one year teddy nolan said he's gonna run the team like an nhl
team if it was outside of the maritimes we flew private we had like it was it was unbelievable and
it was kind of like sitting on a bus like in the whl sitting on a bus 15 hours to go play a game
and eat like a bologna sandwich no i know it i just i get so amazed that i just always think
back like so many of my friends through hockey played major junior.
I'm like, they had three years of legit 20-hour bus trips to just get to this level.
And you think of the guys who didn't make it to the NHL, you're like, they must be like, what the fuck was I doing?
If I had a boy, I would 100 make him go to college.
Because it's a sick joke.
It's a sick joke. And I'd enroll him go to college. Because it's a sick joke. It's a sick joke.
And I'd enroll and go with him.
Father, son, you have one year of eligibility left.
You can actually play with him.
But you mentioned going into that that you were going to go play with your brother Brian for your UNH,
who's one of my best friends.
Brian and I started playing with him when I think we were like 9 or 10.
I might have been 10 or 11, but Brian was the best player.
He was always amazing.
People don't even really understand how good he was.
And then he still was a two-time All-American at UNH.
But what did he mean to you?
When you were younger and hanging out with us, did you look up to us on the team i don't even really remember i just remember you being a fresh
prick sometimes all the stick boy dude yeah no i i uh those we had a wagon team oh you guys had a
wagon the biggest thing that i remember was remember i was a goalie for a long time so
i'd play goalie and i'd go out there with these guys and i'd have like you brian mcconnell my brother taking slappers at my noodle and i'm like no way i can't do this
and i think my dad did it to scam me honestly 100 yeah like but um yeah i always remember looking
up to you especially when you guys won the quebec world championship that was amazing that was the
sickest time yeah it was unbelievable there was 12 000 people at
the game yeah and then you played in that year what two years later three years later yeah you
guys didn't do shit no we got waxed what was your first impression of wit i'm sorry i don't do
impressions yeah that's a long i mean i always remember i was terrible for a while. Yeah, he was a forward.
He was a forward for a while.
And then my dad switched him back to D, right?
Is that what happened?
Yeah.
His father made me when I was like 13 years old.
Because they were going to cut him at forward or something.
Buddy Yandel, we'll get into him.
He's like the best coach I ever had coached us growing up.
Was an unreal player in his own right.
You know him, R right. You know,
you know,
I'm rear,
you know,
but for everyone that like doesn't know,
he just went,
went up to my dad one time when we know they were friends.
I was 13 or maybe yeah,
13.
He's like,
Hey,
Ryan's like,
you know,
he can play high school hockey and,
you know,
be a forward.
But if he ever wants to like try to play in the NHL,
he'd have to do it as a D and he could do it as a D I think. And my dad just like trusted buddy to like the end, you know, be a forward. But if he ever wants to, like, try to play in the NHL, he'd have to do it as a D, and he could do it as a D, I think.
And my dad just, like, trusted Buddy to, like, the end, you know?
Like, it's one of his best friends.
And he told me what he said.
I was like, all right.
Like, you know, I just was like, well, if this guy's saying that's the chance
I could have to play in the NHL, and then since then,
it was, like, the perfect thing that could happen to me.
What was it that he saw that he said, okay, you can make it,
but it's got to be as a D? What was it that? Soft? I was okay you can make it but it's gotta be as a D
what was it that
soft maybe
I don't know
I'd have to be a big
I'd have to be a big
like winger forward
and he's like
this kid doesn't have it
but I think more than anything
it's just about like
not being able to skate
as quick as a forward
I don't know
I'd actually like to ask him that
yeah
I bet it
I mean you were always smooth
I bet it was kind of like
you know he probably saw you
as like a big smooth
puck moving D man I don't know you as like a big, smooth, puck-moving demon.
I don't know.
You've been struck by a smooth criminal.
My first impression of Wit, though, I always remember Wit would come over.
And, like, at my house, all we did was, like, drink tap water.
That's all we ever had.
And when Wit would come over, there'd be Gatorade in the fridge.
And I remember, like, going to grab a Gatorade.
And my mom would be like, no, that's for Ryan.
Ryan's coming over.
And then he'd have cereal. He'd could have cereal like his own cereal and chewy
bars at my house and i'm like how is this kid getting groceries over me like i put up with
this all day and then yeah so my mom would cater to him before us but yeah she's the best she is
the absolute best she um i also have a like a vicious kind of lying rumor that keith says i
clogged their toilets
every time I went over.
Every single time.
Maybe clogged the toilet one time at the house.
He said I did it seven times.
That's all it takes to get labeled with that.
You clog one toilet,
you might as well be a chronic toilet.
We'll be in front of like 30 people
and I'll be like,
oh, Keith, this is when they were living
at an old house.
Like, oh, I'm going over.
I'll see you next week.
He's like, don't clog the toilet again.
I'm like, you motherfucker.
One time.
You were worse at peeing and missing.
You go in and piss after the booze.
Dude, that's such a phantom.
This is just what they do.
They team up on me and make stuff up.
By the way, are you doing a PFT comment
this week with the shades?
It's bad radio.
You know what?
He's done it a few times.
Has he?
Yeah.
I can see why.
Put him back on.
I think it's kind of my thing right now, dude.
I respect that you noticed it, though.
So, Keith, going back to juniors now,
these reputations, I don't know if it still exists,
but American players always had a hard time up there.
What was it like for you?
Did you hear a lot of shit?
Did they go at you more because you came with this reputation
as a smooth-skating American puck-moving defenseman?
I don't know.
I think it might be a little different in the Quebec League.
The Quebec League is kind of a little bit softer.
It's kind of a more skill league.
Sweet.
Oh, oh.
Yeah.
So it might be kind of one of those things.
And we had a kid on our team, Tim Spencer.
He was a fighter.
He got, like, thrown out of the dub and like you know if you get kicked out of one of those leagues you go
into waivers and like we picked him up and this kid was an animal his name tim spencer dude he
was my family too he was an animal anyone touched you those guys are amazing junior too he'd be like
just get me a couple goals and like every once in a while, he'd be back door.
I'd find his stick and he'd get goals.
And he fought everyone.
He loved it.
Loved it.
Absolutely loved it.
He was awesome.
I actually ran into his sister when I was in Banff like two weeks ago.
Oh, you were out there for whose wedding was that?
Pissack.
Mark Pissack.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
I like that guy.
Pissack's a good dude.
Yeah, he's beautiful.
He re-signed with you?
Yeah, two more years.
That's good.
He actually had a good year for you guys.
Yeah, he's a good player.
What were you just asking him?
About if he got a lot of shit
from being an American
and playing juniors,
but Quebec Lee's a bunch of pussy,
so really...
But still, there's...
I said...
Oh, yeah, there's...
I just remember, like,
were you the same in that,
like, when you get up there and fighting is actually, like, part of the game,
it's like, oh, boy.
Like, sometimes you got a guy going at you, like, I'm in one right now.
Yeah, but I kind of, when I went into it, I kind of, I mean,
now I wouldn't fight.
You fought then a little.
Yeah, I loved it.
Like, I was like, oh, I can't wait to fight.
You had the long hair, too.
Yeah.
Is that the first time you had an on-ice hockey fight, like, legit?
No.
No, no, no.
His brother, like, we're tag team and Russian dudes in the Bridgewater League,
dummying them.
Yeah.
Actually, I got dummied.
Yeah, and then Brian.
So, yeah, actually, no, yeah, you got hit by that Russian machine.
The dude hit Reggie from behind, and I was like, let's go.
Dude hit our buddy Kenny Roach from behind.
Keith challenged him.
That kid was like 220.
You were a buck 70.
He drills Keith with one. I'm on the glass. I'm playing
and I see him like, oh, fuck. Brian Yandel comes
hopping off the bench the far side
of the ice, skating like a gorilla,
jumps on this dude's back.
Jimmy Superfly snooker. He's trying to
go back to just an unusual Tuesday
night Bridgewater League. That league had
Brendan Walsh, Billy Tibbetts,
literally people
were getting killed
out there.
It sounds like that
Quebec League,
the old goon league.
And then what's his name?
Remember the dude,
Sniper?
Yeah, with the shoulder pads.
Yeah, so he goes,
whatever the rush,
Igor, he's like,
dude, I should have
told you,
I picked up Igor today
and when I came to his
house to pick him up,
he was doing push-ups
on his knuckles.
I'm like,
oh, perfect.
I had to go, I had to get plastic surgery in my mouth. He was doing push-ups on his knuckles. I'm like, oh, perfect. I had to go.
I had to get plastic surgery in my mouth.
He hit me one time and split my...
Exploded it.
It was nasty.
That was old school Bridgewater League.
Now it's in Foxborough, and they have fans there and stuff.
There used to be a guy cleaning it, and two scouts, and Peaches Flynn.
Milton Academy jacket.
Oats and like Peaches Flynn.
Milton Academy jacket.
What's on, what's your take on, switch gears a little, on the whole fancy stats movement,
like as a player?
I know it seems like the internet seems to get obsessed with them more than sometimes guys in the league.
I mean, what's your stance on them?
Are you good?
Do you know your like.
On what?
He won't even know, I bet you.
Like with the fancy stats, like the Corsi and all that shit.
Do you know your Corsi?
Swear to God, I don't even know what it means.
Do you know if you have a good one or a bad one?
I have no clue.
I love it.
I wouldn't even know.
So coaches don't  I wondered if sometimes coaches talk to guys about that shit now.
I don't know if this was before, but Dave Tippett had his own little system.
I don't know if it was Corsi or not, but he'd have like a plus minus rating.
For chances, I bet.
I think it was chances, yeah.
And it was like every five games it was up there.
And, you know, if you had like a bad one, he'd talk to you about it.
But, yeah, I don't pay too much attention.
I mean, you know if you play good or not.
That's the whole point is that these things can basically say like you may be come off the game be like i suck tonight and
the thing says you were like good that's what's weird yeah and it can be the opposite too which
is just like when you come off the ice if you're like i had a good game i feel like you know or
not yeah so if you if you find out that you didn't you're just like what the fuck's this
yeah i know we've been accused of anti-stat.
We're not anti.
We've been accused of that?
No, well, it's online with those guys.
It's like, no, we're not anti.
We've acknowledged that they can certainly help you scout a player and give you an idea.
But the issue we've had is it's not an end-all, be-all.
I see guys online evaluating fucking trades on some guy's core C4.
And it's like, no, you can put that in the equation,
but it shouldn't be.
It's not anything close to a determining factor
in a player's overall ability and what he can do.
Guys are signing legit 50, 60 million deals
based on a lot of them having really good stats.
That stuff actually matters in terms of signing guys.
So it is weird.
Benoit Pouillot.
I mean, Edmonton gave him all that crazy money.
I mean, he was in Boston.
We were like, he left and no one shrugged their shoulders.
And then Edmonton threw this crazy money at him.
It was supposedly because of his unreal course numbers.
It's like, okay, good.
It was terrible.
When his heart's in it and he drives possession.
No, he wasn't terrible, actually.
I think he's good.
He was good.
He's good in New York.
But what else has he given you?
You know what I mean?
He's a guy who frustrates you.
Yeah, when he's on and he's driving possession, okay, it's good for that.
But if he's a hump fucking half the season, then what the hell is he going to sign him?
Exactly.
Exactly.
That's very true.
Do we have Biz calling in?
We do.
We do.
All right, dude.
So you played with Biz when?
Starting in Phoenix?
Yeah.
How amazing was this?
What was your first Biz memory?
First Biz memory was in the shower.
He comes in and goes...
So I remember you told me, you're like,
Oh, dude, Bissonette's coming.
Because you played with him in Pittsburgh.
I think that he got put on waivers from Pitt, right?
And you were still in Pitt.
Yeah.
And you're like, dude, you're going to hate him at first, but first but then you're gonna love him so i don't know if it was in my
mind i'm like i'm gonna hate this dude he comes in the shower he's like hey you living at morrison's
house and i'm like i'm like who the fuck's morrison a and i'm like who are you talking about he's like
oh derrick morris and i'm like yeah i'm staying in his house he's like i heard he's got a big
house can i move in with you guys i'm like dude i'm like i'm like nice to meet I'm staying in his house. He's like, I heard he's got a big house. Can I move in with you guys? I'm like, dude.
I'm like, nice to meet you.
I'm Keith.
No, that was the first thing I remember him asking for rides all the time.
He had a car.
It had more clothes in the car.
You literally couldn't get another piece of a T-shirt in there.
And he'd be like, yeah, let me get a ride.
He always wanted to leave on his time, so I had enough with with him and then he became one of my best friends i love are
you hiring do you know where to post your job to find the best candidates with zip recruiter you
can post your job to 100 plus job sites with just one click then their powerful technology efficiently
matches the right people to your job better than anyone else that's why zip recruiter is different
unlike other jobs job sites,
ZipRecruiter doesn't spend on candidates finding you. It finds them. In fact, over 80 of jobs
posted on ZipRecruiter get a qualified candidate in just 24 hours. No juggling with emails or calls
to your office. Simply screen rate and manage candidates all in one place with ZipRecruiter's
easy-to-use dashboard. Find out today why ZipRecruiter has been used by businesses of all sizes
to find the most qualified job candidates with immediate results.
And right now, my listeners, spit-and-chicklets listeners,
can post jobs on ZipRecruiter for free.
That's right, for free, not a big deal, one bit.
Just go to ZipRecruiter.com slash chicklets, C-H-I-C-L-E-T-S.
That's ZipRecruiter.com slash chicklets. C-H-I-C-L-E-T-S. That's ZipRecruiter.com slash chicklets.
One more time, to try it for free, go to ZipRecruiter.com slash chicklets.
All right, now we'd like to welcome a former longtime teammate of Keith Yandel,
the one, the only, Biz Nasty, Paul Bissonnette.
Welcome back, reoccurring listener, Bizzy.
What's up, pal?
Bizzy.
Bizzy.
Bizzy. Thisy. Busy.
This is my fourth time.
We're going with Busy from now on.
Dude, Busy is like something your dad would say.
I am the old man.
Hey, so, Busy, we know you just finished.
I don't know if you finished filming it or what's going on.
You're doing a documentary about British Columbia.
Can you explain to us what's up with that?
Yeah, I'm doing
a mockumentary. It's got a little
bit of a script incorporated.
Did you write it?
It's so far up to date.
Yeah, I've written and produced it with
another friend of mine.
Spinal tap up in this bitch, huh?
Dude, that's talent. So what did you do?
Just go all around BC or just in Vancouver?
Because that's a city.
Yeah, no. We did one episode in Vancouver,
and then we incorporated the downtown and also the seawall that goes around the city.
And, you know, it's a beautiful place.
And then we also did Sunshine Coast on a boat with Morgan Riley.
We did Kelowna, and then we went to Shane Jones Cottage.
That's going to be episode 3.
His cottage
is on the Shuswap Lake.
It's near Kamloops.
That episode, I think we had
5 on it.
Not a big deal.
Not a big deal. 5 on it.
Not a big deal.
Then we had
Victoria last episode four.
We had Tyson Berry and Matt Irwin.
And then we're going now to Whistler and Pepperton.
I talked Uppy and the Coming Up for it.
Oh, the up dog.
Uppy and the boys.
Uppy and the boys.
And then we've incorporated a now sixth episode
because we've gotten so much positive feedback.
And we're going to have some secret guests for that in Tofino.
Dude, I like every Instagram video.
We'll have about 15 guys.
Where can fans watch these, Biz?
Well, as of right now, it's going to be posted to Victory.
It's V-I-K-T-R-E.
Social media. That's V-I-K-T-R-E. Social media.
That's Victory, yeah.
Victory.
By the time it's done, though, and completely edited,
and we've added all the narration,
we might have sold it or they might have sold it to a different company.
Maybe TSM picks it up.
Who knows?
I mean, the last episode we went to a racetrack in victoria an hour north and we filmed like a race scene with tyson berry that it probably would have cost 100 grand for for a film in a movie but
not a big deal some friends up there who were nice enough to donate their cars and and the track
and and their time.
So we had two professional drivers driving for us.
That's sick.
Nice.
So just changing gears a little bit.
You and Keith played on the 2011-2012 Phoenix Coyotes,
and I feel that team kind of maybe got lost a little bit in the dustbin of history.
You guys got
Because L.A. whooped up on them.
Right, but no one saw them get into the conference finals that year.
It was interesting because Mike Smith.
It was a run and a half.
I mean, Mike Smith had a 1-9-9, a 9-4-4, but I looked at the score
and not one guy had more than 10 points on that team in 16 games.
Take us back to that.
Is that like a  I mean, that's the farthest
either one of you guys got as far as conference finals or
Yeah, I went to the Eastern Conference Finals in New York, too. With the Rangers, right. Not a big deal. I mean, that's the farthest. Either one of you guys got as far as conference finals or?
Yeah, I went to the Eastern Conference Finals in New York, too. With the Rangers, right.
Not a big deal.
Yeah, I want to call their cup.
I don't know if that's good or not.
Hey, that's the chip.
It's no joke.
That's a title, baby.
Yeah.
That's a title.
Champions.
Yeah, I mean, you could talk to Keith more about that because I was mostly just watching.
DJing.
I mean, it was fun to be there.
I got to hang out in the locker room before games.
It was great.
Dude, you were flames on the aux cord.
Did it feel like...
No, go ahead, Biz.
Sorry.
What's that?
Did it feel like you guys...
Oh, no, no.
This fucking Skype is great.
Hey, Biz, Biz, Biz.
What's your first memory of Keith?
Oh, we almost got in a fight in practice.
Really?
Oh, yeah.
What was that?
He would have fed you your lunch.
Yeah, I know, I know.
He would have smoked me.
I'm glad I didn't.
No, I'm saying you would have bummed him.
Yeah, I know, I know.
Oh, you would have been going at two.
It was the first week I was there
and we were doing battle drills
and
Dave Tippett was his first year taking over
and I think he was trying to set the
tone and have a different
environment and harder working
and practice from what was there in the past.
And we were just battling
and I had just gotten there because I got picked up off
waivers and I think he told me he was going to
baseball swing me in the face and then
we kind of got into it and then even
Vern Fidler who was good buddies at the end
they were like oh you'll be here
like a week
and then sure enough we all became
good buddies and fuck I was sleeping in the cot
in their room most nights on the road
yeah hey no because I remember
that drill it was like a box-out
drill, and I was supposed to just
token box you out, and you cross-checked
me in the back
with your nose.
Dude, with his sleeves up to show his
tattoo.
Sorry for trying to get better.
Just trying to get to the net.
So after that run, did it feel like you guys at the time in Arizona,
I feel like you turned the corner as a franchise, as a team,
and then it just kind of seems like it squandered away.
Obviously, you've left the team since then.
But it seemed like to hockey fans, like, okay, Arizona,
finally we've been here for 15 years and they arrived.
And then it just seemed like all that momentum just got squandered.
What was it like being in like all that momentum like just got squandered like how what was that what was it like being a team that you know in that position where everyone's kind of like why is there a team here and then you guys finally go on a run and then
it just like disappears i think it kind of goes to show you too that you know if you get a hot
goalie in playoffs you know kind of anything can happen and obviously with uh you know smitty that
year he played it was smitty right yeah yeah he was uh
he was unreal and it was doesn't he bring his guitar on the road to play it like on the team
plane yeah louis vuitton case wow that's bronson arroyo style yeah um oh i know i have bronson
arroyo yeah he's a nice guy he's got yeah he's got some good stories he likes to live he has
cornrows right he? He did.
He did, yeah.
He lives in Arizona.
I remember I played golf with him a few times.
I mean, a lot of people forget is after that run, too, though,
the lockout was that next year.
So it killed a lot of the momentum.
And then the next year was a short season.
I was over in Cardiff lighting it up, though, in the meantime.
But it was tough because the team had lost the momentum leading into the next season
because there was a lot of uncertainty whether they were even going to have one.
So even season tickets and that.
So the one good year that Phoenix made their run, put their name on the map,
gets halted by Gary Bettman and the boys.
Do you know what Keith did to the dude with the water bottle?
Were you on the team then?
Was he there with you?
Yeah.
What did he do, Biz?
Remember when we played Chicago?
I need more story.
Remember when we played Chicago?
Was he the cat?
He played for the Red Sox.
Oh, A.J. Pazinski.
Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah.
I know now.
That's all I need to know.
I remember.
Yeah.
Did you tell the story already?
No, I don't really remember the story, but I knew you might know it.
Statute of limitations and all.
Go ahead, Keith.
Tell it.
All right, yeah.
So, no, we were playing Chicago Blackhawks,
and he was playing for the Chicago White Sox at the time, I believe.
And it was during Major League preseason so they had him
drop the first puck and as he's dropping the puck he pulls a chicago blackhawks hat out of it this
is in phoenix pulls the chicago blackhawks hat on and puts it on just an asshole yeah just to be a
funny guy but he wasn't he was just a big goofy bitch and so he's walking by the bench, and I'm like, fuck this guy. Grab a Gatorade bottle and just blast him right in the face with the Gatorade bottle.
And he's looking up in the stands like someone in the stands did it.
And Ulf Samuelsson, our assistant coach, was crying, laughing.
I thought he wasn't even going to make it to the game.
He was losing it.
So you drenched his shirt, too, and shit.
I got him in the game. He was losing it. So you drenched his shirt too and shit. I got him in the...
I couldn't have... You know when the Gatorade
bottle's filled to the tits and it just
squirts on rail? Just by picking it up.
Oh, yeah. Like a Pete North money shot?
I emptied like half
of it, basically, from his face
to his jersey.
You can't come into somebody's
barn and try to be a funny
guy. You can cut stone with how fast that water comes out.
They do use it, yeah, for cutting granite.
So what was it like playing with Keith Bitts?
Honestly, not just on the ice, off the ice.
What was your takeaway from playing with him?
We were in the same corner of the room.
It was unbelievable. was you know and and you
know what and not to get serious about it but there was a lot of times where i i probably had
more healthy scratches than i did play games and you know i know i'm a joke and i joke around a
locker room but you know sometimes it would get a little a little annoying and a bit much that i'd
sit out like 10 games in a row. And just to have him there joking around
and even making fun of me
and him and Doner in the same corner,
it made for a lot lighter situation
and an environment that I could last
not playing all those games.
Like, it made it bearable.
So it was a great experience.
And I'll never forget all those desserts he would buy me
to stay in his room and shoot the shit late night.
Yeah.
Speaking of Donor, Phoenix announced that Arizona announced they weren't going to be
re-signing him.
Shane, don't you think he's going to end up somewhere else, Biz?
I don't know.
When I saw him for that episode that we filmed, he was still a bit undecided, but I mean, I don't know. When I saw him for that episode that we filmed, he was still a bit undecided.
But, I mean, I don't know.
It's getting late in the summer.
I don't know if he's made his decision yet.
Yeah, it's almost like GMs might be making it for him too.
Same boat, like a Gindler and Jagger.
Yeah, what's going on with the Gindler?
Nothing.
I don't think anyone wants him.
I mean, he's probably asking for a decent amount of money
I would say maybe not a ton
He probably just wants to play in a sense
But like he doesn't have the foot speed
I mean I was seeing him leave the house for less than a million
Yeah yeah and you can't
Like if you can't skate that well anymore
You can't play like that's just what it is
I mean it doesn't really matter how amazing you were
For 20 years but
But about Don Keith, I think everyone remembers when you first come into the league,
somebody who's like a leader.
You think that was who I looked up to when I was a rookie.
So you had that with Doan.
And if he is done playing, you've always said he was an unreal guy and leader.
Yeah, he's amazing.
And I'm sure Biz can say the same.
But he was...
We'll get him to listen. So it's like you're talking to him.
Yeah.
Shane.
No, he was amazing.
I remember the first time, and you go there, and you go to training camp,
and you're like, all right, Shane owns the guy here.
And he goes out of his way every single year to make everybody feel comfortable.
I remember they made me live out there
in the summer to get away from your ass and yes yes party in boston tyler sagan yeah before it
was so then you ended up on asu exactly so he's on asu's campus that's really that was real smart
no so and i remember he's like yeah gave me his car he had like a bmw x5 gave me his car. He had a BMW X5. Gave me his car. I didn't even have my license.
No, he's just one of those guys. He's just top
notch.
If you have a daughter, he's a guy
you'd want your daughter to marry.
Yes. That's about the highest...
That's a great way to say it. He doesn't even swear.
That's the highest praise I think you can give a guy.
No, he says frick. He says frick, right?
Son of a birch tree. That's my favorite
one that he says. Holy jumping. He doesn't say son of a birch tree. That's my favorite one that he says.
Holy jumping.
He doesn't say son of a birch tree on the ice.
On the ice.
Hey, honestly, I didn't know that he said that.
I'm legit going to delete his number out of my phone.
That's like when they edit a bad, dirty movie on TV and they have to put fake language in.
Yeah, exactly.
All right, well, Biz, dude, we appreciate you calling.
If you have any,
you have one more question for Keith
or are you good on this kid?
We've got to talk to him
a little bit more.
We've kept you long enough,
I feel like.
Oh, I just want a screenshot
of his bank account.
That's all I want.
Dude, so do I, man.
We were somewhat even.
This guy's going to be
75 million bucks
by the time he's done.
I know, 75 sheets.
Look at you.
Look at you see his grin right now.
It's just something to behold.
All right, buddy.
I remember when I was playing the caller.
Oh, not a big deal.
You won it.
We know.
No, yeah, but when you showed me your financial statement,
I nearly shit a brick.
And then I was like, but then it had Sidney Crosby's name below yours on the thing because
he got it for you.
Oh, what are you talking about?
How did Crosby get?
Oh, yeah.
Yeah, he did actually.
No, he signed the check, dude.
He signed the check.
All right, boys.
Thanks for having me.
Hey, dude, we're going to check that out.
Biz, we look forward to hearing back from you soon on here, buddy.
All right, Bizonte. Busy. Thanks for stopping by, brother. Busy, dude, we're going to check that out. Biz, we look forward to hearing back from you soon on here, buddy. All right, Bizonto.
Busy.
Thanks for stopping by, brother.
Busy, dude.
Love you.
Boys, Dollar Shave Club is the smarter choice.
Obviously, I have more than my face to shave.
I lost my hair in my late 20s, so I got to keep it close.
And honestly, man, dollarshaveclub.com does the trick for me.
I got to shave this melon probably a couple times a week.
It's an awesome life hack,
no brainer choice. You don't have to go to the store anymore and buy cheap razors or even those
wicked expensive ones where you got to bring the guy from behind the counter at CVS. It's a big
rigmarole. But I use the dollarshaveclub.com executive razor with the Dr. Kava shave butter.
The blade goes right over my fat Irish melon, gives me such a smooth shave. Grinnelli can feel it right now.
You could probably kiss it if you wanted to.
The Dr. Kava Shave Butter, it's transparent for a more precise shave as well.
It helps prevent ingrown hairs, fights razor bumps.
And again, when you're shaving your head like myself, that's a big thing
because you don't want to be out in public with all kinds of zappers on your head
scaring the ladies away, even if you're a married guy like myself.
You too can make the smarter choice by joining dollarshaveclub.com. For a limited time, new members get their first month of the executive
razor with a tube of their Dr. Carver's shave butter for only 5 with free shipping. After that,
razors are just a few bucks a month. That's a 15 value for only five bucks. In your first month,
you get an awesome weighty handle, a focus set of four cartridges, and a tube of their shave butter.
After your first month, replacement cartridges ship automatically at their regular price.
There are no hidden fees and no commitments.
Cancel any time you like.
You can only get this offer exclusively at dollarshaveclub.com slash chicklets.
Again, that's dollarshaveclub.com slash chicklets. Chicklets is C Dollar Shave Club dot com slash chicklets.
Chicklets is C-H-I-C-L-E-T-S.
Get some Dollar Shave
Club dot com raises and have a fine
svelte head like myself.
Alright, thanks again to
Paul Bissonnette for stopping by for a little
chat with his old teammate here, Keith
Yandel. Keith, you were
fortunate so far in your career to play for an original six team,
New York Rangers, as we mentioned.
What was it like there playing for a team with so much history,
even if they've only won one Stanley Cup in the last 70 years or whatever?
70?
Well, they won it in 40, then they won it in 94, so 67.
They've won one cup in 77 years, yeah.
There's a little spin for you Islanders and Sabres fans.
But was it tough?
I know Florida gave you some nice compensation,
but was it tough to leave an original six to go to a southern city?
Was that a big part of your consideration in leaving?
Yeah, I loved my time there.
It was amazing.
Especially coming from Phoenix, I mean, for five or six years,
we didn't even have an owner.
So it was kind of your...
Bettman was your owner, wasn't he?
Yeah, all the owners were our owners.
And it was kind of one of those things you're kind of scraping by.
You're not staying at the hotels that other teams are.
But, I mean, it's obviously nothing to complain about.
But I think going there and seeing how they treat their players,
how they treat the players' families,
and just everything about the Rangers.
The chef situation, right?
Yeah, everything's first class.
So they had their own chefs on the road,
own chefs at the practice rink, game rink, just everything.
Wow.
Yeah, it's just food everywhere.
And in Phoenix for a long time.
Holiday Inn.
No, no. Holiday Inn Express. holiday express we had to like we didn't
have cereal yeah we didn't even have like shane doan bought bagels english muffins and that's all
we had for breakfast like there was no eggs unless like you were eating at your house so
wow i think i didn't know that going to that and i was like oh like i remember one day in new york
i was like i wish we had a It'd be nice to have a juice bar
with smoothies and stuff
because we made our own smoothies.
Literally,
we went on the road for a week,
came back,
there was a juice bar.
Wow.
I'm like,
oh God.
I would have been like,
oh,
it'd be nice to wake up
to a Hummer every morning
and go to the GM's
in the distance.
Dude,
that's unreal.
I mean,
I remember you,
dude,
how about when
you got traded, you flew in they
picked you up in a helicopter right yeah so i flew from they we i got traded on like a
sunday i think it might have been sunday sunday and uh you know they played monday
and they couldn't get a plane out there for me on sunday so it was like all right well
you fly you in to the game you'll fly in for the game so i flew from phoenix to new york private on the
owner's plane um then when i landed landed in new jersey like new jersey to msg is probably like
seven eight miles that t to borrow is it yeah whatever so it's not far at all i get off the
thing expecting to get in like a cab or something.
Helicopter next to the plane.
Picks me up.
Takes me into Manhattan.
I'm like, Jesus Christ.
This is awesome.
Wow.
Come on. Dude, I'm not on the Yotes anymore.
Dude, you should have seen the candy in this helicopter.
It was insane.
Kit Kat?
Everything.
No.
Milk Duds?
Thought he was going to have Connie wait.
People do...
People...
I'm sorry.
I got dogged on the other night for getting Milk Duds.
Is that a fucking unreal candy?
Big milk dud guy.
Yeah, right?
Huge milk dud guy.
I think they're bomb,
but you don't get them.
You're stuck in your...
Yeah, you don't get them.
How about...
When you go to the movies,
do you buy the snacks there
or do you smuggle them in?
You definitely smuggle them in, R.A.
A thousand percent.
Smuggling.
A thousand.
Never have, never will.
Hey, how about my buddy... Pure principle. Oki goes to this theater in ChestnutA. A thousand percent. A thousand. Never have, never will. Hey, how about my buddy?
Pure principle.
Oki goes to this theater in Chestnut Hill.
It's nice.
You can get drinks and shit, but there's an unreal Chinese food restaurant next to it,
Bernard's.
O'Connor has gone before with a cooler packed, eats at Bernard's, and then puts his leftovers
in the cooler so he can bring it home after the movie.
That's animal status.
Genius.
Wow.
I mean, I buy snacks in there.
I'm a candy, popcorn guy.
Not a big corn guy.
You're nuts if you're not a popcorn guy.
Actually, you know what?
Talking about candy and popcorn,
this is actually something I wanted to talk to him about.
And his brother Brian made sure I needed to talk about this.
Where is this going this you didn't you
didn't why were you such a degenerate and wouldn't work out like brian remember how much brian wanted
you dead so we went when keith was i think your first year pro he didn't work out every single
guy's working out two three hours a day he hadn't worked out one time my whole life till after my probably
second year so he comes in for the first workout he's ever been to and we're doing all this stuff
and mike boyle like he's like a legendary strength conditioning guy um he's like calling him roy
hobbs he's the fucking natural he's crushing all these drills that we're all sucking at he's never
even been in the weight room and then boyle goes goes, well, at least, you know what?
He won't be able to walk for four days and be so sore.
Next day, kid pops up.
He's like, I don't even feel sore at all.
I'm like, this fucking guy.
Dude, maybe do the 10-mile bike on that fan bike, remember?
And like Grazy and Pando were crushing it.
I think that takes like 30 minutes or an hour.
It was a long time.
20-mile bike was an hour.
Those were horrible.
But why didn't you work out, dude?
I don't know that it was.
And what made you start being such an animal in the gym?
No,
but back then it was,
I used to skate all the time.
We,
we,
we used to go play shinny,
like in me and,
uh,
me and Bill Ryan would just go and skate.
Like we skated every single day and I just didn't,
I don't know.
I didn't really know about working.
I don't know.
I don't know.
But my brother used to
Flip his lid
Brian would be
Riding the bike
In a trash bag jacket
Just trying to cut weight
Like all day
And he'd be like
Working out
Four hours a day
And then Keith
Would just be like
We'd go to New York City
For a Saturday night
Keith would stay
Until Thursday
And I worked too
So I didn't
I had
Where'd you work?
At the golf course Oh that's when you Were at the golf course? I didn't, I had... Where'd you work? At the golf course.
Oh, that's when
you were at the golf course?
I mean, not when
I was in the NHL.
When you were a bag boy?
Yeah.
Like a supermodel,
just natural.
Yeah, I mean,
that was just,
you've always been a natural.
The other thing
that you weren't a natural at
was his temper
when he was in Little League.
Have you ever heard
of somebody charging the mound
in an 11-year-old
baseball game?
I was saying, we never see it in a Little League World Series.
Why has no one ever charged the mound?
Because he never played Williamsport.
I charged the mound with a bat.
Hockey guy.
Excuse me.
Milton Little League, I was like, a tournament?
Yeah, it was Milton, yeah.
Hey, because Bill Maharis took him hard.
Yeah, Bill Maharis did take me deep.
Only home run I ever gave up.
I was nine.
I played, you know, Little League's like 10, 11, 12.
So I played up a year.
Hobbsy.
Roy Hobbs.
And Eve was 14.
Yeah, Bill Maharis literally drove his kids to school
and then went to his Little League game.
He was like 38.
He had hair on his fucking fingernails.
Gets up to the plate.
Hit a home run.
I was the only one I ever gave up,
but he still brings it up every time I see him.
Did you have your own Wonder Boy?
My own bat, yeah.
So what have you been doing for the summer,
other than obviously golfing because you're a hockey player?
What else have you been doing?
I didn't even really golf that much.
To kill time.
Yeah, no, I don't.
I golf, if I'm lucky, I get out there once,
maybe twice a week.
No, nothing, kind of just working out, skating now, and then with my kids.
Yeah.
Have you seen Dunkirk?
Any of you guys seen Dunkirk?
No, I haven't.
I saw it.
I heard it was awesome.
Yeah.
I mean, I don't want to.
Actually, you can't really give much away.
It's World War II, but I don't think you can spoil it.
No, exactly.
But it was exciting, but I kind of didn't love it
Like at the end
I was like
I don't know
Like what
It just kind of ended
I thought
There were scenes
That was like
It had me like excited
But I didn't really
The plot wasn't exactly
Great for me
Was it a long movie?
No
It's not
It's like an hour
Fortunately
Action packed
Yeah it's
I mean I thought
It was a very good movie
I don't think
It's like a best picture winner
A lot of people
I think over praise it
I like the music
That's always in that guy's movie
Yeah he does great with that
But they tell it
From three different perspectives
Like one
Like the guy
The pilot in the air
His time frame
Is only an hour in the movie
The guy in the
Like who's on the boat
His time frame
Is like one day
And then the guys on the beach
The time frame in the movie
Is a whole week
So they kind of
Intercut through
These different times
And I mean Yeah the action was through these different times and I mean
the action was good
I mean it was
I mean yeah
it was obviously a war movie
but it was more just like
a survival movie
like these guys were
sitting ducks for like
yeah that was nuts
for fucking weeks
it was a crazy story
yeah I mean it's
obviously much more
well known in England
but yeah it was good
good
is that one of our sponsors
this week
no no
I just figured
just you know
we haven't
we haven't talked a lot
of pop culture.
Braintree, AMC.
Randolph, Randolph.
That's my spot.
Movie theater.
But before the show, you did say you saw the Defiant Ones on HBO, right?
Yep.
That was good.
You saw that, right?
Awesome.
Yeah, I loved it.
Did we talk about this?
I think we might have.
We haven't with Keith, obviously.
Keith.
All right.
So Keith only listens to rap.
That's it?
Only.
It's crazy.
Like hardcore, Shade 45, right?
The new stuff or like the older stuff?
I'm not a huge fan of new stuff.
I mean, there are some good songs.
I don't like the whole rap game right now too much.
Yeah, it kind of sucks.
Really?
But you like the Shade 45 kind of stuff?
Yeah, yeah.
Too many guys tripping lately?
Yeah, no.
Too many guys just dancing around and making...
I don't know.
The beats are all right.
I mean, all the...
The legit rap.
Too many producers in the videos dancing up in the videos.
Eminem rapping in that Defiant Ones was so sick.
It makes you appreciate modern...
I mean, old rap.
Yeah.
Because the modern day stuff, you don't hear that stuff anymore.
All they say is just like they say like two words
and then the beat you're sick though yeah top three rap artists all time all time yeah um i'd
probably say eminem's one i'd love jay-z and i love little wayne i i i used to like bill ryan
always used to be like be like dude can you stop listening to Lil Wayne?
This was in, like, 99.
Like, The Block is Hot.
Like, that was his album.
And, like, he was like, dude, you gotta stop listening to this shit.
No Ceilings was awesome.
Yeah.
Sick, sick.
I think I got some Sizzurp in the fridge for you.
I drank it.
All right.
We got time for our weekly segment here
where we take questions from our listeners. All right, Hamilton. All right. Decent ones this week. Yeah, we've got time for our weekly segment here where we take questions from our listeners.
All right, Hamilton.
Any decent ones this week?
Yeah, we got some good ones.
So I don't know if you guys...
Last time you said that, they were terrible.
Yeah, well, they're struggling.
We've been doing this for about 10 months now.
We run out of questions.
We run out of questions.
So who's asking the questions, fans?
Yeah, it comes in from Twitter.
So I don't know if you guys saw the article on ESPN this week
about Tom Brady, how he's like the fastest person on the Patriots at chugging beers.
Yeah, I did see that.
Yeah, so there's an article in ESPN about how, you know,
when the Patriots were on a road trip.
He said you can't pour one out faster than he drinks.
Yeah, they said he's essentially.
Tom Brady can chug beers.
And I've heard this for years, but.
Who said it, the ex-quarterback?
Yeah, it was Matt Castle was telling a story how they were in Buffalo.
They did a beer chugging contest, and Brady came in and just beat everyone,
all the linemen.
So, anywho.
So, KaiGuy asked, who's the Tom Brady of gas and beers in the show?
Essentially, a guy you wouldn't expect to be able to crush beers,
but can crush beers.
All right, Hamilton.
I feel like you should expect anyone can really crush a beer in the NHL.
True.
Kevin Hayes, number one.
Kevin Hayes can take a Heineken and literally just pour it down his throat.
Dude, has he told you the story about how the Heineken started?
No.
So we called him Heineken Hayes.
He better get a deal with Heineken after this.
It was like a team event.
It was like a bone event in uh in new york it was all
the wives and stuff were there and eric stall had just gotten to our team and i'm like hey one time
a heineken for stalzy one times and installs he's like jesus christ and this is the guy i want to
play yeah and uh so and i'm like hazy if you don't get a strike on this on this ball like you on this
uh frame you you got a one time another beer he didn't
get when he's like all right double or nothing i'll roll a ball and chug a beer before it gets
down there so he rolls it it was like on the line whether it was you know he chugged it before he's
like all right i'll do another one but i'll do two heinies before a ball hits a pin he's like
but it has to hit a pin so he rolled it and, and it was going wicked slow. He one-times
two Heinekens.
So think, how long does it take to get
down there? Maybe... Bowling alley?
If you go as slow as he can?
Yeah, as slow as he can go, but it
had to hit a pin. 15, 20 seconds tops.
He gassed. I can't guess two
Heineken in the time it would take. Dude, I couldn't drink two Heineken
in a month. Green grenades.
Those are literally...
That's gross.
Gone for hazy, dude.
When you guys were in the New York locker room,
was that way too much mass hole for your teammates?
Were they just like, you two guys are too much?
No, they probably just ran the show.
No, they loved it.
Yeah, they loved it.
They called, they called.
Anytime anyone would say something to Hazy,
they'd be like, Tom Brady.
Hazy had a Brady jersey on his gear.
Such a beauty.
Such a beauty.
That kid's hilarious.
All right, so Aaron Hofferman asks,
who in the show wields the most rockets and the most creatures?
Oh, well.
I have no idea.
Of us?
Yeah.
I mean, we're all fucking married.
No, not on the show.
I mean, in the show.
Oh, in the show.
I told him I was through.
I'm like, ah, what are we going to talk about? I got my gumata on the street. No, I knew he meant in the show. I mean in the show. Oh, in the show. I told him I was three. I'm like, we're going to talk about...
I got my gumata on the street.
No, I knew he meant
in the show.
I don't even know.
I mean, I don't know who...
Guys have girlfriends now
and stuff.
I don't know.
Guys, they're single.
Yeah.
You can't even say
who wields creatures, too.
It would feel like
married a girl.
Yeah, exactly.
Tell that person to just, you know,
maybe if you see someone in a bar sometime.
Perfect.
Kevin Monaghan asks,
who's the weirdest Tendi you ever played with
and the biggest beauty Tendi?
Tendi's a weird.
All right, Hamilton.
Przgalov, number one, weirdest.
What was it like playing with him?
He was nasty, though, wasn't he?
Is he just, like, fruitcake all the time, like when you see him on HBO that time?
All the time.
Yeah, I was on this trade deadline with him this year,
and it's exactly what he's like.
Yeah, we tried.
Out to lunch.
Yeah, he's not a great human.
The one game we played in New York, and he literally, before the game,
I go home, went home, before the game, I go home.
Went home.
We didn't have a goalie.
We had to call.
Our GM comes up, and he's like, hey, do you know anyone in New York that can play goalie?
And Brendan Byrne was living in New York.
I'm like, yeah, my buddy plays goalie.
He doesn't even play goalie, but how funny would that have been if he was in?
So I called Bunzo, and I'm like, dude, we might need you in between.
I'm like, you're going to be tendy, though.
And they ended up getting some kid who was like college coach somewhere or whatever.
But he just went home.
Imagine getting that call.
Did they suspend him? I know.
Dude, this kid had his equipment on.
So you get to the rink, and like the clock, the countdown on the clock, it starts at like 70 minutes, and you go out at like 16.
16, yeah.
68,
he was fully dressed. I'm like,
bro, we don't go out until it's 16
on the clock. He was like, oh, okay.
Blocker and glove on. He took
every shot in warm-ups. You know, like, usually
a goalie gets out, you shoot an empty net. He was taking
every shot. He loved it, I bet. Loved it.
Did Briz get, did Briz
get in trouble for that? Did he get suspended?
I mean, just walking out on the team like that?
I don't know.
I can't remember.
I think he might have said his kids were sick or something.
I don't know.
All right.
Well, so, I mean, that's it for all right Hamilton.
I wanted to ask.
Who was the weirdest goalie you played with?
Oh, Sebastian Caron.
The kid I've talked about.
The Mark Bergevin story.
Okay.
All right.
He was just like, another time he was.
Trout?
Trout, yeah.
He was taking shots in practice, and all of a sudden,
like in the middle of this high-paced drill, he's in the corner,
looking all dazed.
So the coach goes over, Tarian at the time, he's like,
what are you doing?
He's like, I'm dehydrated.
He's like, what?
He's like, I'm seeing black dots. Tarian actually is funny. He's like, what? He's like, I'm seeing black dots.
Tarina actually is funny.
He's like, they're fucking pucks.
You're supposed to fucking stop them.
And then he was like,
he was like leaning on the crossbar,
having one of those like power gels.
He was like trying to suck it up
to like get his like energy to continue practice.
That was the weirdest goal I ever had.
Did he have a night the night before?
I don't know. I honestly don't know. I think he was seeing black dots and he didn't want to stop him
and this week's all right hamilton was brought to you by plated.com anybody who knows me takes
one good look at me and knows i take food seriously by the time i finish my lunch i'm
already thinking about dinner and probably my snack after dinner as well. Well, Plated is the meal kit for people who love food.
Each week they have 15 chef-designed recipes to choose from.
This week I'm going with the black and cod.
You can have food from all over the place delivered right to your kitchen.
The recipes that Plated does are inspired by cuisines from around the globe.
Malaysian fish curry, lamb shakashuka from Morocco. All over the place.
I happen to love Italian food like a lot of people
and they got a great variety
of stuff there from Italian recipes you can choose
from. Not only does Plata do all the grocery
shopping and send you the exact amounts of
each ingredient, they're sourcing quality
ingredients. Tissin mayo,
they got that. And it even comes in an
adorable little glass jar.
I love spending time in the kitchen with my old lady,
even if I do drive her a little crazy,
and learning to cook together is fun and rewarding.
It is fun to cook your own food and reap the benefits of it.
You got a sweet tooth, then Plated even has dessert options
like no-churn coffee, ice cream, and cinnamon rolls.
I know they got some glazed peaches too.
Good stuff.
Okay, so discover your ideal dinner experience
Go to plated.com slash hockey
To get 50 off your first plated box
That's 50 off
That's a huge deal
For a limited time only
Terms do apply
So go to plated.com slash hockey
For details
Again plated.com slash hockey
Give it a try and let us know what you think
Hey but we've kept you long enough.
We appreciate you coming.
But I do need to ask, like, your most influential person in your life,
I'm assuming, is Buddy in terms of your hockey career and everything.
So for a guy who coached me and is your dad,
what are some of your memories of him coaching you and Brian
and how appreciative are you to have a dad like that
to be able to reach know reach where you where you've gotten I think the biggest thing about him was um he never pushed
anything like he was yeah you know I remember and Brian my brother Brian was the complete opposite
if he had a game at seven in the morning he was waking my dad up to go to the game and I remember
like as a kid it'd be like six in the morning my dad would be like all right we got to go to the game and i remember like as a kid it'd be like six in the morning my dad would be
like all right we got to go to the game and i'd be like i don't want to go and he'd be like all
right you know you don't have to go like whatever he just never forced and he would go and coach and
my mom would like wake me up she'd be like are you a jerk like what are you doing like but i always
just remember him so he didn't care at all i mean he cared at me he no but if you had if you say you
didn't want to play dude he wouldn't have. Yeah, he wouldn't have.
He didn't want to force anything, I don't think.
He didn't want to make me dislike the game at any time.
So I think it was his way.
Like I've said it a million times, when hockey season was over,
we couldn't play hockey.
I never played in the summer.
I never skated once in the summertime as a kid.
I think that's how it should be.
I do too. I don't know if I just say that's how it should be. I do, too.
I don't know if I just say that just because it helped me.
It worked for you.
I think that was huge for me development-wise.
Yeah, definitely.
I mean, I grew up with a couple kids whose parents definitely burned them out.
I know one kid, he actually played fucking football in college.
He barely played growing up.
His father drove him so high with hockey, he ended up playing fucking football.
If you get driven with that, it just never works out.
Very rarely does it ever work out.
And Buddy was never really like that.
He was just like a smart  he just knew the game so well.
So I think Brian was such a smart player just because you get to learn from him.
So it just must have been cool for you to always
he would talk to you after games, I'm sure, about how you played
and always have ways to get better.
That was what helped me so much.
Yeah, and he never yelled.
He would always be like, do you want me to tell you how you played?
Do you want to know what you can do wrong?
And if I said no or if I said yeah, he, you know, told me.
It was, you know, especially the way I see hockey parents, like, to have my dad and what
he knew and what he helped all of us with, it was...
There's parents that you for sure would quit.
Definitely you would have quit.
Oh, jeez.
I would have been on the half pipe.
You would have been charging the mound equivalent in hockey.
Doing kick flips on the half pipe.
Doing the cube.
You wouldn't rip in darts in East Milton Square.
Keith, thanks so much again for coming in.
This has been a Living Room Interview series. We've had quite a few guests coming in. This has been a living room interview series this summer.
We've had quite a few guests coming in.
It's been fun.
It's been fun having you.
Also, I just want to send one other note out.
Unfortunately, there hasn't been a lot of NHL news,
but NHL.com announced that Eddie Olchek is going to be battling colon cancer.
Yeah, prayers for Edzo.
He's the man.
We want to send our thoughts out to Edzo and his family,
and hopefully he'll be back in the booth very soon.
So Edzo, we're sending our thoughts, and I love your way,
and hopefully you're doing well, brother.
That's one that usually you can beat like that one.
It's not like pancreatic cancers.
Like colon, hopefully everything goes well.
He's young and in good shape.
Stallion.
Yeah, he's a stud.
Stallion.
Get yourself.
Get strong.
Get yourself checkpoints.
Thanks, buddy.
You're the man.
Coming on, and we really appreciate it.
No, thanks for having me, guys.
I love it.
Love the show.
Continue ripping it up.
You rich fuck.
Peace out.
See ya.
Peace.
And you can dance.
For inspiration.
Come on.
I'm with you.
Get into the groove, boy.
You got to groove.
Have you heard Spike's Car Radio?
It's comedian, actor, writer Spike Ferriston sitting on the porch in Malibu talking with some cool people about cool cars and life in general.
My first guest is Jerry Seinfeld. He's right here.
He was all right. Don't try to hug him.
Chris Hardwick.
I could feel everything on the road.
I mean, it was basically like unprotected sex for driving.
Jeremy Piven.
You know what? I think you and Jerry are spiritually tied to cars, and I
respect it and I love it, but I don't quite get
it yet, but I want to get it. Download new episodes
of Spikes Car Radio every Wednesday on the Podcast
One app, or save time and subscribe now
at Apple Podcasts or at PodcastOne.com.
