Hey, Spittin' Chicklets listeners, you can find every episode on Apple Podcasts,
Spotify, or YouTube. Prime members can listen ad-free on Amazon Music.
Hello, everybody.
Welcome to episode 402 of Spit and Chicklets, presented by Pink Whitney.
From our friends at New Amsterdam Vodka here in the Barstool Sports Podcast family.
Hopefully everybody out there is enjoying their summer vacations as we are.
Hopefully you all enjoyed Scott Parker last week.
Tremendous interview.
And hopefully you will enjoy our new merch that our buddy Grinnelli in the merch department
whipped up. Check out the Barstool
Sports Store in the U.S. and Canada.
Of course, we always take care of our Canadian friends.
All right. Next up
is the first of our two consmith
winners we'll be bringing you this summer in the interview
is brought to you by Pink Whitney.
Had a nice little party over the weekend
and the stuff was flowing all over.
The five times distilled vodka
Infused with fresh pink lemonade flavor
It's a great way to enjoy
A refreshing summer cocktail during the summer
So head over to your favorite local bar
Bring up a shot or two
Maybe throw some club soda in there like I do
Either way, Pink Whitney
Enjoy it
And now, enjoy 2004 Consmite Trophy winner
Brad Richards
Okay, it's time to bring on our guest This Prince Edward Island native and now enjoy 2004 Kahn-Smythe Trophy winner Brad Richards.
Okay, it's time to bring on our guest.
This Prince Edward Island native was taken by Tampa Bay in the third round of the 1998
draft that would go on to play 15 NHL
seasons. In his fourth season, he was
an instrumental part of the Lightning's first
ever Stanley Cup, winning the Kahn-Smythe Trophy
with 26 points in 23 games
including a still record
seven game-winning goals.
After stints in Dallas and here in New York, where he went to another Stanley Cup final,
he won a second Stanley Cup with the Chicago Blackhawks in 2015.
These days, he's enjoying the summer and life, and it's a pleasure to welcome to the Spittin'
Chicklets podcast, Brad Richards.
Brad Richards, how are you doing, Brad?
I'm great.
Thanks for having me, Wiz.
Absolutely.
Where's home for you these days?
I know you bounced around a bit during your career.
We're down in Jupiter, North Palm Beach area.
Oh, where are you playing down there?
This guy's a golf aficionado, people at home.
I'm just curious. That's all my questions.
I'm playing with your buddy Jens at the Slaughterhouse.
Oh, Jesus, the grove for people who don't know.
I left a lot of money there in MJ's pockets.
He really needed it, too.
The cigar budget.
20K, that's his weekly cigar budget.
I heard that course is awesome in a sense of you don't need to drive it too far,
but the minute you go over maybe 280 yards,
those fairways start to narrow in to kind of help MJ out to carve out his type of game.
You've got to be careful with Wayne and Janet, too.
They take you down pretty quick.
Janet putts like a tour pro.
I heard she chisels everybody on the handicaps as well,
and that's how she's able to sandbag you.
Yeah, there's a lot of arguing going on for handicaps.
That's when you know things get dangerous.
Wayne mentioned that to me, too. He's like, Janet likes the action. She that's when you know things get dangerous wayne
mentioned that to me too he's like janet likes the action she's the one that wants to get in the in
the action here so i guess i guess that'd be a hell of a sandbagger competition for us but
now now sticking with golf i think i saw you in a picture recently with justin leonard
is he still on the pg yeah yeah he uh he's just turned 50 so he's going on the Champions Tour. Oh, really?
Yeah, we were down.
Brad Faxon had us down at Pine Valley a couple weeks ago.
So they're buddies.
I guess they work together on, like, golf channels.
I don't know.
Well, they've played together probably forever, too.
So, I mean, Witt here, he's been a golf psycho ever since he retired.
Were you a player while you were still playing in the NHL?
Were you that good, or was it when you retired
you finally had the time to develop your skills
and become basically a scratch golfer?
Well, I got drafted to Tampa, so days off here.
You know, the older guys were going golfing,
so I just figured you better get somewhat decent at this
or you're going to start losing a lot of money.
Not that we didn't go anything crazy, I just figured you better get somewhat decent at this or you're going to start losing a lot of money.
Not that we didn't go anything crazy, but you still, you know,
you could if you had a bad day.
So, like, Dave Anderchuk played every day.
Those guys, Tim Taylor.
So, me and Marty and Vinny and Freddie Modine,
we always played as much as we could. So, then in Dallas, obviously, a bunch of nutcases there that love golf.
Medano and Moro.
Moro's good, right?
Yeah, they played, you you know every chance they got so um so yeah i got into it a lot and then uh now in retirement
moving down here it's uh been nice get get around a lot of golf uh what's that course i i heard in
madonna was talking about in dallas that moro was a member at as well it's like a men's club and
they said the the one rule was you had to wear
clothes in the clubhouse because Mickey
Mantle used to walk through the buffet line with
just a towel on and a clock hanging out.
Yeah.
Preston Trail.
He would just sit naked the whole time.
The Mick.
I feel like Texas is the type of place you can get away
with. Was it no women members, or were there women in this clubhouse
looking to stare at his cock?
No, I'm guessing this was a no women member club.
Yeah.
I think it still is, but I better be careful what I say.
We'll somehow get in trouble for this.
Yeah, exactly.
Going back to your time in Tampa,
I would imagine you did some fishing considering you grew up in PEI,
and I was reading that your father was a lobster fisherman and he kept being a lobster fisherman during your entire NHL career.
Yeah.
This is his first year.
He's done it since he was, I think he was 14 years old.
My grandfather said, you're not going to school anymore.
We need you on the boat.
And he's 68
this year and he this is his first time he he sold everything and retired no way did you get
sick of lobster as a kid growing up just having it around never no i love it did you ever the
problem is you can't eat it anywhere else like yeah yeah it's no good for you anywhere else
no it's awful the way they do it but it's great when you get it fresh
off the boat that that morning how do you prefer it steamed i like it cold yeah steam but then i
like to put it in the fridge for a while and then eat it like later cold did you ever go on the boat
with him to get the experience or did he make you work for him like his father did to him yeah
yeah but uh i think he knew he was he was he knew that he wanted me in a different
situation so he didn't push me too much he was a good help getting me uh getting away from home
into a good uh high school out at notre dame and so i had a chance maybe to get a you know go to
college or something but um yeah he knew that that was going to be a tough, you know, there's a lot of people to do it, but it's not a fun.
May 1st at 3.30 in the morning could be minus five with snow flying.
So it's not a great way to wake up and start the day sometimes.
He saw him get probably seasick and just go shoot four million pucks when they got off the boat.
He's like, I think he's going to be OK.
Speaking of that, growing up in such a small town,
did you play your minor hockey for your hometown,
or did you have to travel quite a bit in order to continue to grow your game
and play against caliber talent?
Yeah, I mean, I left home in ninth grade, 14, so it was getting, you know.
I grew up in a town of literally 250 people,
so we had a rink kind of between like six towns like that.
And we had 11 players, one goalie and 10 kids the same age.
And dad coached us.
And we actually won the Atlantic Championships in Peewee.
You played 48 minutes.
I think I literally, I would play both.
He put me on defense for the last like six minutes of the game.
To just tell me not to come up.
So obviously it was time to go test myself against some different players.
So I went out to Notre Dame, and that's when I kind of figured,
okay, I can play with other people around the country too.
So you ended up going there with LeCavalier.
Had you met him before going off to school?
I don't know how the draft worked in the queue at that time.
So had you been drafted? We were younger.
Okay.
No, we were younger.
Yeah.
No, we were roommates.
I met him when I put my luggage on top bunk,
and he was already nestled into the bottom bunk.
Yeah, that's how we met.
Day one.
I think a lot of people, at least least out east like i knew about shattuck
but notre dame is pretty similar right i mean i know it's in canada but in terms of like the whole
prep school hockey experience but what teams would you play being in it's in saskatchewan
yeah that's the difference you'd play like regular bantam and midget teams or tier two teams so like
we weren't allowed to we had a pretty stock team and they didn't really recruit you, but we had guys from all over the place.
So we weren't allowed to actually win the Saskatchewan band in triple A
league. We had to, we could play in it,
but we weren't allowed to like we had to play against midget teams and stuff
like that. But it was great. We'd go to Calgary, Vancouver, you know,
you'd play all those, uh, played tons of guys.
I ended up seeing again in the NHL over the years.
But that was a great experience, obviously.
And then we got drafted later to the Quebec League.
He got drafted and convinced me to go play in Rimouski with him the year later.
So there's no thought at that point of college for you?
Or was there like, all right, maybe I'll play college hockey?
No, I was only  yeah, I was i was only gonna i was really leaning towards michigan i i think it was like three
weeks before i could start doing that you know in 11th grade it's like july i don't know what
july 1st so like it was june 8th or something the quebec league draft so it was kind of like
a decision um but then he kind of talked me into it So it was kind of like a decision. But Vinny kind of talked me into it.
And it was kind of, not really many English players
would go to Rimouski at that point.
I was kind of the first.
So we had to work out how we were going to do school
and got me a tutor.
And then obviously it worked.
And then more, you know, Sid ended up going there.
But it was kind of like no one really did that as an English player.
It's a very, very French town, but it helped to have Vinny there to get me through.
Okay, before we go any further, here's a word from our friends at Shopify.
Shopify is the all-in-one commerce platform to start, run, and grow your business.
Shopify gives entrepreneurs the resources once reserved for big business.
So upstarts, startups, and established businesses alike can sell everywhere,
synchronize online and in-person sales, and effortlessly stay informed. Shopify offers
online retailers a suite of services, including payments, marketing, shipping, and customer
engagement tools. Connect with your customers, drive sales, manage your day-to-day.
Shopify instantly lets you accept
all major payment methods.
Shopify also has thousands of integrations
and third-party apps,
from on-demand printing to accounting
to advanced chatbots and beyond.
Go to shopify.com slash checkbox,
all lowercase, for a free 14-day trial
and get full access to Shopify's entire suite of features.
Grow your business with Shopify today.
Go to shopify.com slash chicklets right now.
Were you hyper-focused on hockey all the way coming up,
or was that your first experience of where it almost felt like a job
because you guys had to skate so much and start with the trainers
and all that kind of nonsense.
Yeah.
Hockey is all I knew.
I think just when you leave home and just kind of was lucky enough to play.
Hockey is just kind of everything.
Took me a while, probably five or six years into your pro career,
you start seeing like the older guys actually have a life and a wife,
maybe some kids, they go golf. And I like, when I first got in the league,
I was like, you know,
you'd rush home and like have a four hour nap and then make sure you're home
for bed, you know, all that stuff. But yeah,
me and Vinny were very like nervous to do anything wrong.
And we had torts as a coach, which had us even more nervous to, you know,
to do some of that stuff. guys like andrew check and they really helped to kind of
show you that you can relax and uh have some fun away from the guys when when you went off to to
school with vinnie and like you know i guess you're a little undersized ended up being a third round
pick somehow but with him going first overall a few years later was it evident already to you
though that this guy is is an enormous talent?
Was the scouting world already talking about him
as a potential first overall pick in 98?
Or was he late?
No, when we were in Notre Dame, there was no social media.
There was no nothing.
Everybody was going to be first overall, right?
We played every guy from Saskatchewan is going to be the next.
Everybody was awesome.
But at 16, he went to the Quebec League.
And in the first month and a half, he just took off.
And he started dominating as a 16-year-old.
And that's when everything kind of happened.
And then I stayed in Notre Dame.
And then that's when he called me the next year.
He was like, there's your buddy out there.
Would he come?
And so he played a 16-year-old year.
I played tier two out there.
And then I went my 17-year-old year.
And then we got drafted in the NHL that same year,
which I think helped Tampa.
Tampa was at every game and watching him.
And then I was their second pick.
Was one of the things he basically had to become your translator
as one of the talking points?
Yeah, early on.
Early on was, yeah,
it was nice to have someone speak English.
I actually went and billeted with a French family
and like four months in,
I was like starting to understand everything.
It was great.
I was dreaming in French by like year two.
Really?
Was that just being around it?
Yeah, just the French girls talking to him in the hallways at school,
telling me they're going to fucking suck him off in the bathroom.
I wish I could say I went to school in Rimouski.
That would be a lie.
That's awesome.
Richie, did you have more culture shock going to Saskatchewan or to Quebec?
Saskatchewan, it was crazy.
If you don't know much, Notre Dame back then, too.
There were no janitors.
We did all the jobs.
There was no kitchen set.
The students did everything.
Oh, wow.
If you didn't, if you were right of line,
it was called a workout at night, like 10 o'clock,
and the grade 12 guys would be doing push-ups and
sprints and if your bed wasn't made you know all this stuff so it was a culture shock for sure but
once hockey started it was you know it was fine um because then we were just playing hockey every
day and that's where you're comfortable but yeah it was a shock to the system out there was it true
that like le cavier had a little something to do with tampa taking you i know they didn't have a
second round pick that year but something about do with Tampa taking you. I know they didn't have a second-round pick that year,
but something about him saying,
listen, you've got to get this guy next pick in the third round.
I don't know how much he taught.
Like I said, Phil Esposito was running at Tony.
They were at so many games of ours because of Vinny.
They knew they were probably going to be first or second overall pick.
It definitely didn't hurt that they got to see me.
I was playing left wing with Vinny at the time,
and I think it was just kind of like everybody was watching him.
They thought I was just going to ride in coattails.
So it was good that they saw me enough to take a shot at me.
Yeah, that's what I wanted to know.
Like 115 points, the same amount as LeCavier.
Did you talk to other teams?
Did you go to the combine?
How did you not get picked in the second round?
I think LeCavier was cock blocking him,
making sure he was going through the lightning.
He's like, I should have 150 points.
This guy's slowing me down.
It was weird.
I was trying to figure out what else you could do,
but it was just hard.
Yeah, I think they just thought
they wanted to wait to see how I'd be when Vinny
wasn't around.
But yeah, I was smaller.
I didn't grow quite as quick.
But, like I said,
I got a shot. I didn't talk. I think I talked
to Toronto and maybe San Jose. That was it.
At the draft. Going into the draft.
And there was no talk. I mean, I
think you ended up playing your overage year.
Did you not for Rimouski?
No, I played 18, 19, like the two years after the draft.
Okay, and then you signed and then right to the NHL.
That must have  how hard was that jump?
But, I mean, you ended up leading the team in scoring.
I know the team wasn't that great that year and you guys struggled.
You ended up changing coaches from Steve Ludzik to John John Tortorella and we're gonna get to him but how hard was that going from junior
right to pro yeah I think obviously lucky to be drafted to a team that like needed young guy like
you know if you get drafted by Detroit at that time I'm probably in the minors for four or five
years and who knows what happens right but I got I got thrown right into the fires on the power play the first week.
And it was just like sink or swim. Um, there wasn't a lot of, uh,
options down there, you know, it was kind of, you know, the budget,
everything was a little messy. Um,
Torch took over and kind of we got it,
we got the ship kind of going a little more professional and we had, uh,
you know, he just changed the whole culture. We, we, we,
he went very young and he had us,
he had us like our training camps were like Navy SEAL bootcamps. And,
you know, we, we began to change the whole,
the whole narrative of how to be a pro. And all of a sudden we were,
we weren't a laughingstock anymore. And it was, you know,
it was kind of him and his management team that kind of,
this can't be a golf destination for guys that want to come down and retire.
Had you had a coach like Torch before?
No, no.
Or since.
Was he making you make your bed again,
or you had late-night workouts just like high school?
Pretty much, yeah.
He made him go do the classes he didn't do in high school he's like fuck off you're going to school too yeah around the uh he said dubinsky said pray for the
flyers and so um but but there there has been comments from him that he regrets the way that
he handled uh your guys relationship and i'm sure since then you guys have mended and you can maybe laugh about it now but
can you go to any
stories maybe in detail
as to why it was so toxic
at some points?
For him to say that is like...
And the fact that you were the Conn Smythe winner the year you guys
won the cup, you think that if anything he'd be playing
tummy sticks with you?
It was all in New York.
I went to New York because of him,
you know,
he,
he was the whole reason.
I mean,
I didn't know what the team,
I knew Lundquist great,
but they were kind of,
I didn't know the Dubinsky's and Callahan's and some of these guys,
Ryan McDonough.
Like I didn't know how good they were.
I played out in Dallas.
You'd see them once a year or whatever.
And you know,
Gabby was there,
but he's like,
we're close.
And you know, it'd be a great spot to
play and I'm glad I did it and we made a couple runs there um but the lockout year the half a
lockout year it was just it was a mess I was struggling I'm not gonna lie to you um and it
made it you know it makes it harder when you know he he got me there and I got a lot of money because
of it and you're not you struggling, it's New York.
It's just how it is.
You just get in your own way out there.
Then it just got weird.
I wasn't 21 anymore, so I would question some stuff maybe
that I didn't when I was younger.
I still think he's a great coach.
Sometimes it got a little heated.
But, you know, we've talked since.
It's not perfect, but we've talked and rehashed all the good times we had
and the good things we've done together.
And I played a lot of hockey under Torts and won a Stanley Cup.
You seem pretty calm.
I couldn't imagine many fuck you matches going on with Torts in the office.
Would you clear his desk or something?
Yeah, no.
He welcomed that.
He wanted a fuck you match all the time.
I don't have that in me to coach, to go like that, Adam.
But he wanted you in there to challenge him sometimes.
He liked that. He wanted some know, he wanted you in there to challenge him. Sometimes he liked that.
He wanted some confrontation as long as you went out.
You know, he loved you coming in and asking for more.
Why did you bench me?
I need more.
You know, he loved that, and he'd throw you right back out.
But you had to prove it real quick.
But he gave you that opportunity.
He did that with Marty, Vinny, too.
You know, he challenged Vinny in the locker room.
He took his jacket off to try to fight him.
What did Vinny say?
Was he speaking in French? I'm all set, dude.
Vinny stood up and then Anderchuk got in between it.
That was before we won the Stanley Cup.
Again, he was trying to change the culture down there.
That's just Torch.
He would think that's normal and I'm going to make him better if we fight.
He checked the tee time sheet.
He fucking saw that the boys had a foursome lined up after practice.
Checking all memorials, like, who the fuck's playing today?
Well, when you say, like, yeah,
it obviously is a culture change and you went through it.
So what are some examples, or if you can even think of any,
that he'll bring to Philly?
Is it more about just, like, every single day of practice?
Like, there can be,
there can be no passengers in terms of effort wise in skates day of games after
games. It's like, basically that's kind of how he approaches a culture change.
Yeah. Yeah. Detail, like just every little detail.
Meetings start 10 minutes early. Everything's just, everything's yeah.
You're just, you're, you're on, you're not, you're on. You're not, you're prepared.
You're there a lot earlier.
You're getting your workouts.
I remember when he took over our first year in Tampa,
it was like January or something.
And we had like five games left in the season.
And we weren't, obviously, we were one of the worst teams.
And all of a sudden, like we're doing testing.
He had like, he didn't care about the games.
We were doing three mile runs for time. And we were doing 15 laps three times for time and then three laps six times for time
like in between games and we didn't know what he was doing but he was just getting all our times
and then he sent us a letter okay here's here's your times you better be way better when you get
the training camp we're going to be doing all this first three days of training camp so like
from august 1st that's all we thought about was how are we going to be doing all this first three days of training camp so like from august 1st
that's all we thought about was how are we going to beat these times you know and uh it was his way
of like you know you guys aren't in shape you're not even close to being in shape to play against
the best in hl you know so little stuff like that and all of a sudden the next couple training camps
you know that's all we did it was like you know i i remember i played with marty a lot our line
i'd be chasing marty in three laps times six.
So, you know, you better make sure you're ready to go.
Marty's doing three laps behind him.
So we kind of just kept pushing each other.
And we would get off to really good starts.
And that kind of fed towards even more.
Like, look how good our starts are.
We're in great shape.
So it just kind of took a life of its own.
So a lot of video, a lot of details and video and stuff like that too where had he come
from was that his first nhl head coaching experience then head coach yeah he did a little
bit in new york as a maybe an intern he took over at the end of okay in the years um i don't know
if it was muckler or someone like that but he wasn't known yet as torts right like that was
kind of the beginning no he was quieter he started in He started in Buffalo way back, like when McGillian.
Oh, yeah, he had a mustache, too, that was unreal.
I've seen a picture of it.
And, Brad, talking about that team and when you guys went on to win the 0-4 Cup,
I think you're quoted as saying just the team morale in general was at an all-time high,
your funnest year of hockey.
Obviously, Torts has done his job in changing that culture,
even to the point where I heard that he had you guys staying in the Tampa hotel
all together during the entire run where you guys were away from your families.
Is that the case?
Yeah.
Well, I mean, most of us didn't have families, so that probably
and then maybe a few guys that had families wanted to be in the hotel.
They were the ones asking to do it.
I remember, like, me and vinnie lived
downtown or 23 years old we were like so pissed when he said we got to stay in the hotel like
we have nothing like we got a house right over here condo right over here like two minutes away
why do we have to go here but ended up being so much fun um i think he wanted to get guys away
from kids if everybody's healthy at home and you know, wife can keep the house going or whatever,
like get everybody down here and we'll focus.
They put a bunch of like, we had a golden tea and ping pong game.
We had all this stuff in the room and we just, yeah,
we'd watch all the games and we just kind of hang out there and we'd
practice. He did it. Never done it like that before,
but we'd practice on the off days at four o'clock. So you'd get all day.
You'd have you at home all day and then you get in at four you practice from like five to six thirty and then walk across and have dinner and you're in for the night oh really yeah i've never
heard of that yeah it was yeah i don't know we did it in tampa and no one's ever done it since
um i got to i got to experience a year with andre, who's one of the funniest people of all time.
I'm sure you can attest to that.
He told me a hilarious story of something he pulled off on the flight back,
I think after you guys, after a tough loss, right?
Well, yeah, can you just kind of fill everyone in on that?
It was the Philly series, which was an unbelievable series,
and no one could win two games in a row.
And we had a tough loss we we won game three and then we could have like went up three games one going home whatever they
tied it to two and it went into overtime or something i remember um the plane was sitting
out in the heat it was like 92 degrees in early June and late May one freak day in Philly
and the plane was like ready to go and then we in overtime so they were something like whatever
happened and they shut the plane down it was really hot and one of the tourists we get there
one of the stories just goes down she just passes out like a heat you know as we're as we're trying
to get the food going and it's just a scramble and we're trying to get the food going. And it's just a scramble, and we're trying to get food because we just got off the ice.
And Andre puts her apron on, but that's it.
He's just totally naked in his apron.
And he goes right to the front of the plane
to serve all the food to the GM and coaches.
That's where he went.
He just went right up there like that.
And it obviously changed the whole mood of the flight home
and pointed up winning game five, winning the series.
But, yeah, he had no  he was hilarious.
There's so many stories.
Half the stuff I would never be able to tell.
No, exactly, exactly.
That was the stuff for me.
One of them in particular.
I'll just think about it.
But he did these, like, voices.
He could do these noises.
He was, like, the funniest  definitely the funniest player I ever played with.
And the other question I had.
He did the noises, you know, the ding-dong for the stewardess,
the flight attendants.
He could do that noise perfect.
So he'd do it, and if a new flight attendant,
he'd walk around the plane like, what is this?
And then, like, she'd turn her back, and he'd do it again,
and she'd come back.
He was just constantly doing dumb stuff like that.
I think he stole all the Pittsburgh Penguins socks.
Or maybe he went into Tampa's locker room when he was with the Penguins.
And then that same road trip, much like the flight attendant,
he put on the security.
So he skated in warm-up, but he was a healthy scratch that night.
So when he took his gear off, he went into the security office room
because he knew where everything was in the Tampa rink.
And he put one of the security guard outfits on. and after Terrian walked out as the coach to go
to the ice he was there giving the guys knuckles and lying oh and he was like pretending he was on
like the phone on like the earpiece with people oh I remember that it was so good um you mentioned
it and there was also quoted you saying that Dave Andertruck was one of the guys who really taught
you to have fun off the ice and really enjoy the game.
What are some stories about him?
We're a little bit younger where we don't hear
about these legends and some of the things
that they brought to the rink.
Yeah, they really made you...
I've never seen a guy love
being at the rink so much and love
just everything about being a
hockey player. That's kind of what they...
That's how they came into the league.
You know, I mean, I don't feel like I'm that old,
but we would leave practice to go to the plane
and he'd make sure we had to stop
at this place called the Houlihands.
And it'd be like 10 buckets of Bud Lights
sitting there waiting for us,
like 45 minutes before the planes go.
But we had to stop and, you know,
he had to get some Bud Lights and wings
before we get on the plane to play cards.
And then, you know, you'd land and he wouldn't even open his bag he's just at a happy
hour somewhere um you know just and you know not everybody would go but he didn't care if he came
he'd always invited everybody and and uh you know have a dinner or whatever and um he just yeah he
just kind of made you relax and and uh he was like the big brother, fun uncle type of guy on the team.
And he was the first guy, the best story I ever tell about Dave,
Torts separated me and Vinny.
We were roommates when we were young and Torts separated us
because, I don't know, we were up to something
or maybe we were struggling in the ice.
I'm separating.
Dave had his own room and Tim Taylor had his own room.
So they were mad because Torts goes, Vinny's going with you, Tim, and Richie's going with Dave. And he was so pissed because he had his own room and Tim Taylor had his own room. So they were mad because Torts goes, Vinny's going with you, Tim,
and Richie's going with Dave.
And he was so pissed because he had his own room.
We flew to Atlanta after a back-to-back in Tampa.
We flew to Atlanta.
And he doesn't even take his suit off.
He's like, I'll wake you up for breakfast.
I don't want you asking any questions.
I'm not really happy about this situation.
I'm a roommate.
I'll wake you up for breakfast. Don't ask any questions.'m not really happy about this situation i'm a roommate i'll wake you up for breakfast don't ask any questions see you later so like literally at like 3 30 in the morning
four in the morning you know if you're in a hotel room it's dark you can see everything but they
can't see anything they're coming in from the light and it just is big monsters coming in like
and i can tell he's gonna hit the arm world the tv is so i i just kind of turn the light on and he just snaps. Hey, back to bed.
I'll wake up.
All right.
I'm like 21 years old. So 21, I would
sleep till 9.30 sometimes.
After a game, especially.
I'm literally like 6.45. I get
the tap. He's already showered. He's got
a coffee like this big. He's got crossword
puzzles going. And he's like, let's go to breakfast's got crossword puzzles going and he's like let's
go to breakfast and i'm down there like half asleep three hours way too like i got way more
sleep and i'm over at the rink with him and i'm like what are you this guy's an animal he might
have slept three hours and uh he was first guy morning skate he stays on work on everything
you know he'd sit out there and tip pucks with you and work on stuff.
Just an animal.
Over 600 goals and showed up every night.
Sounds like Chris Chalios a vet, eh?
There's no bigger sign of an old-school NHL vet that loved his beers than crossword puzzles.
They all fucking did crossword puzzles.
Half of them can't even read, but they can do a crossword puzzle.
Dennis Bomby, one of the dumbest guys I know.
No offense, Bones, but he would be doing them, and he would crush them.
He would do them in like 10 minutes.
Okay, before we move along here, we're going to check in with our pals at Sling TV
because Sling TV has something for everyone.
All your favorite shows on your favorite channels all right at your fingertips.
What you watch is up to you.
It really just depends on what kind of mood you're in.
So if you're looking for sports, Sling's got you covered with pro and college basketball and
football, baseball, hockey, soccer, golf, racing, and so much more. You're feeling adventurous?
Explore thousands of movies and shows on demand. What kind of mood are you in? No matter what your
answer, Sling has what you need. And getting Sling is easy. Sign up and start watching in just five minutes. You can stream on any device and record
up to 50 hours with included DVR space. And the best part is you can pause or customize your
subscription at any time. So check out sling.com for special offers. Sling, the TV you love for
the price you love. Try us today.
I had a great Andrew Chuck story. My brother was a
trainer in Boston and every year before
the season he'd go and he'd buy the entire
staff brand new suits.
He would just take care of guys
like the trainers. Did he do that in Tampa too?
No way, man.
Yeah, just all that stuff. He just
loved, he just learned so much of
how much fun it is to be an NHLer.
Sometimes you get all worked up and stressed out,
but he was just  he just loved being around everything.
He did say  there's one guy that he
there's one guy Dave always says that met my match for beer drinking.
He couldn't beat Lyle O'Dwyan.
Oh, Jesus.
We all experienced that.
That was the only guy that,
who said the only guy.
Yeah, you don't want to get sucked in for lunch.
Yeah, I got an O'Dwine lunch
before my first NHL training camp,
turned into dinner,
and the next day I puked
and popped my blood vessel in my eye
and met Mario Lemieux.
That's what Lyle O'Dwine did to me.
He's like, this young defenseman,
fuck you, I'm going to cripple him.
Going back to Andrew Chuck, would he be the one
holding court and just telling all these
old school stories when you guys would go for buckets
of beers? Oh yeah.
He did all that stuff. Card games,
yeah, he always had...
He played with some great players too. He played in Colorado,
played in Boston with Bork,
Jersey.
I was a huge Dougie Gilmore fan back in Canada in the early 90s.
Remember, they made that run, the Leafs, so you get all those stories.
It was fun.
And Wendell Clark, you know, as a Canadian kid,
the Leafs were on TV every night, so hearing all those stories.
So it was great.
He played with our assistant coach, Greg Ramsey.
They played together in Buffalo.
So he had all the  he was old.
Wasn't his nickname Wood because of the way he skated?
Didn't they call him Wood?
I remember an old Sports Illustrated article.
I already just made that up.
Maybe so.
I'll take up the old article.
Can we just pretend his nickname was Wood for the sake of the podcast?
Maybe I'm in a different spot.
I never heard it once.
Another moment in that cup
run i got i had to ask about was you went you went into calgary game six and they had the chance to
win it right at home and i think they did win it yeah well that claims fans right jell and i guess
did score but take me through like the team's vibe before that game was it kind of even loose
in the locker room was it uptight just like like the pressure being in Canada with the cup in the building.
Obviously, you guys go on to win two in a row,
but do you remember pregame in terms of that game six?
I remember the night before we had team dinner,
and we were pretty nervous.
We played so bad at home, Like game five and game one.
I don't know what we were doing.
Game five, we were awful.
So we're kind of like.
I don't kind of felt like maybe we got the awful out of us.
So give ourselves a better chance.
But, you know, they were ready to celebrate the whole town.
But I think that probably helped us.
They probably played a little tight too. So, but it was, yeah, that was,
that was a tough plane ride five and a half, six hours after, you know,
losing home ice. Now you, you know, you kind of win that,
you get two chances to win the cup and now all of a sudden you got to go to
Calgary. So that, that was, uh, that was tough, but Dave, uh,
I'm sure Dave, you know,
I think we were having kokanee beers the night before.
We were trying to find the little guy on the mountain.
Yeah, yeah.
They have them hidden in there.
Yeah.
So Dave changed it up to kokanee that night and switched the mojo.
Oh, I love that.
Now, like, did you have any clue that you were going to win the Conn Smythe?
Were you as shocked as, you know, maybe some people? I mean, seven i mean seven game winners i mean you probably should have been but how did you feel
after that yeah i think you know a winning team and i think i was me and marty maybe we're going
into the series like leading the league or whatever so iggy was probably in there too
so you knew whoever's going to win and then I could have went to Javi Blumen very easy too. He was so good for us.
At that point, you're just celebrating the ice and they say your name.
You don't even know what to do.
No one ever remembers.
I was like, I don't remember anybody.
What do you do with it?
Do you go like this?
Andrew Trump's like, put a beer in there.
I just went and put it on the bench. I was like, I don't know what to do with this.
I mean, it's an honor, but you just couldn't wait to see the actual cup.
Thanks for saving my awful question with a great little line there.
Where was the cup party after that summer when you had your day with the cup?
I had it back in the home.
I lived so remote.
Both times, I was lucky I got 48 hours with it
because of the way the connections of the flights.
Oh, Pearson.
They went through Pearson.
Cup got lost.
I heard.
I saw a headline.
You had a rough trip.
Yeah, I changed the country, though.
Yeah.
Okay.
Yeah, so we had it out in the fishing boat.
We did a parade in the town,
party at the rink I grew up on with a band and, you know, just all that stuff.
The next one was  I had kids and it was a whole different feel.
But it was a lot of fun.
I saw a picture with you with a blue lobster.
Was that also at the Stanley Cup?
I think we had a blue lobster in the Stanley Cup.
Yeah, because Dad always, like every year,
there's a blue or yellow lobster.
My mom would freeze it or wait summer,
put it in pitchers and stuff.
Can you explain to people who don't know,
do they taste better?
Is it just rare?
No, it's just a rare, yeah.
You got a yellow one that was really weird, like burnt yellow.
Albino?
Yeah, it's just, it's just probably like a pigmentation, I don't know.
Yeah, genetic thing.
I've seen, you ever see one where it's like half red and half white?
It's like split right down the middle, yeah.
Yep.
Pretty wild.
It's just a weird, maybe all the pollution in the ocean now.
Yeah.
Just doing something.
Yeah.
I mentioned the Conn Smythe, Richie.
Is that something you even think about during the playoffs? So you just kind of hear your name called and like, oh Yeah. I mentioned the Conn Smythe, Richie. Is that something you even think about
during the playoffs
or you just kind of hear your name called
and like, oh shit,
I won the Conn Smythe.
Because, you know,
Harvey Bowen and Marty
had terrific playoffs as well.
He just answered this.
Sorry, I was...
No, it's okay.
I was looking up the article
that Dave Endertruck was called.
You better think of a fucking better answer
or we're going to come over
to the table here, you fucker.
Well, I guess in the same vein,
and I mentioned to the guys before,
and I doubt you remember,
but the night you guys won the cup,
that was the first time I crashed a Stanley Cup party.
And I don't know how I got back in the building,
and you were sitting there with Marty and his buddy Phil from UVM,
and I stumbled over.
And, again, I wouldn't expect to remember 18 years later.
No, no.
For sure you remember the drunk guy who snuck in the locker room.
Yeah, didn't we get you arrested?
I would have remembered that accent.
Yeah, it might have sounded a little different after 24 beers.
Oh, we chucked you in a dumpster.
Yeah, I got out.
Andrew Chuck's like, go get me a bucket of beers, you drunken fool.
I remember we walked.
I wouldn't remember.
I remember me and my buddies from home walked home from the rink at like 830 in the morning.
That's when we didn't finish just finish the night we were walking and it was like 90 degrees in tampa i had my game jersey
over my suit walking across the street to go back to harbor island i remember like sweating bullets
um and then i went i went on this show called the cold pizza remember cold pizza espn i went on that
and i could tell the guy was just didn't want me talking.
He was cutting me off.
The show ended really quick.
Did you ever get to go, when you played in New York,
did you ever do one of those late-night shows,
like Dave Letterman or something?
No, never did.
No, you didn't?
I watched some stuff, but I never.
Lundquist, he hogged all the late-night shows.
Missile.
Was there anything else you guys want to talk about as far as the cup run and that whole experience?
Yeah, I mean, right after it, he got rewarded with a flight to A.K. Bar's Kazan.
Oh, the lockout year.
Yeah.
Oh, you went over there?
What was that all about?
Me and Vinny went over there just as an adventure, like, let's try this out.
But it was hilarious.
I ended up getting hip surgery.
I was only over there for like six or seven weeks, but Vinny stayed the rest of the year.
Good cash, though?
Yeah, good cash.
Yeah.
So for those of you who probably  we went pretty quick there.
So the next year after you guys won the Cup was the lockout.
You ended up going the full season.
So you got hip surgery in the offseason,
and then Vinny obviously, like most cases,
talked you into coming somewhere or vouched for you.
So tell us how the whole situation went down
and maybe some wild experiences that you went through in Russia
because we get guys from the KHL on,
and I think it was still called the Super League back then,
and probably ran by a mob boss.
Yeah, it was all oil.
Yeah, I mean, Javi Boulin was on the team.
There was a bunch, Kovalchuk, Kovalev.
So it felt like an NHL team.
Like, there was a lot of Ruslan Saleh, Antropov.
Oh, shit, Nick, I'm looking at this roster.
Yeah, so
Freddie
Brathwaite was... I heard he's got
a huge rope. That's the only one that I know.
Well, he asked me...
I'm not going to quote
that or not, but he asked me...
Me and Vinny, we went to get our physicals
when we got there, and he goes, let me know when you get
to the last doctor.
What he does is the weirdest thing. Let me know.
Call me when you're done. So we had the last
doctor and the guy's like an 80-year-old Russian
and we stand in the room and he just tells us to take our
pants off. And we turn around
and we put our pants back on. We have a translator
and I still
don't know what
he was doing. So Freddie goes,
did he make a team? He goes, oh, good.
He said, I thought he was just doing it because it's me.
I want to see a black guy.
It was like a real doctor.
And I'm like, the doctor experience there, like the needles,
they're trying, like the needles were the size of your pinky,
how thick they were.
Yeah, it was an interesting uh interesting place was there for
sure was there a particular straw that broke the camel's back you're like all right this is it i'm
fucking out of here like this is too much no i literally i i didn't go over there hurt i i was
getting worse and worse and they kept saying well we're gonna we're gonna give you these needles
and we're gonna do this i was like no i can i go see my doctor like go back and you know we weren't
allowed to go see our trainers or anything during the lockout.
But, you know, we just went to the Tampa doctor and he sent me somewhere.
He's like, yeah, we got to get this fixed.
So Vinny was kind of upset that I didn't come back.
But I think Danny Heatley might have taken my spot as one of the Canadian Gear Loud two or three imports or something.
So at least Vinny had a buddy
somebody told us a story on the podcast where they saw vinny during his time there and he was like
get out of here he saw a ghost yeah he's like buddy you got you remember who it was g okay we
had we had somebody on they told the story but definitely some uh rough experiences over there
and hey them trying to talk you into taking vitamins every day might not be a good thing.
I think it was Casperitis maybe.
Was it Casper?
Casper was on the team too.
So they took good care of us.
That was a good thing.
All the NHL guys really took good care of us because we went over there
and they made sure, you know't don't have a passport on your
if you're out in town like giving us a little make sure you don't have a wallet
you know um yeah even the cops would take it and you have to pay them to get it back
um halfway through the 0708 season though i think it probably became evident um they weren't
tampa wasn't gonna be able to resign you Maybe you wanted to hit free agency and you got traded.
So how did that all kind of come about?
Was it hard for you after the time with Vinny and Marty and winning the cup?
I think there was a couple of lean years coming up for the Lightning,
but what was your kind of whole attitude going into that season
with one year left before free agency?
Well, I signed a five-year deal, and it was two years into my five-year deal oh no shit yeah and
we had the uh our owner sold the team they've sold to oran coolis and lynn berry i don't remember
those guys yeah and they wanted to you know they traded boyle they just wanted to trade everybody
that was making any kind of money except for vinnie Marty, I guess. They stuck around, but yeah,
they were just trying to dump as much salary as they can.
I had a no trade.
So, you know, they said they want to trade you.
And I was like, that's fine.
But I'm only, you know, if I can go to,
like Dallas at the time was a really good team in the West.
And so I was like, if not, we'll wait until the off season.
But it worked out to go to Dallas because I got a good playoff run there.
And it was fun.
But, yeah, it was good to have control.
It was going to happen.
Once they say, we don't want you, I'm going to go.
But I just wanted to kind of have, if you negotiated no trade, you may as well use it.
So that's actually, that's my bad.
That's my fault.
I didn't know that.
So that must have been kind of upsetting then then right with with kind of the base you had
there and the success when they finally told you that or was it more like with this new ownership
all right i guess if this is the case i'm done yeah i knew i knew that everything was going to
change you know everybody was going to get fired and you could tell that all that was coming but
it was tough to leave vinnie marty and danny boyle like you know
we were uh we grew up together down there so yeah it was a it was it was a bummer first time
i guess the only time i got traded but it was uh it's tough when you win a win a stanley cup
with guys you've been there for seven or eight years it's uh yeah it was a bummer but dallas
was a lot of fun and met some great guys played with some great guys there okay before we go any
further here's a word from our very good friends at labatt as you're likely aware by now spitting Dallas was a lot of fun. Met some great guys, played with some great guys there. Okay, before we go any further,
here's a word from our very good friends at Labatt.
As you're likely aware by now,
Spittin' Chicklets has partnered with Labatt
to make Big Deal Brewing,
and we couldn't be happier about this.
The golden ale we'll be dropping is two things.
It's delicious, and it's crushable.
And it's also going to be your favorite new beer
when hockey season kicks off.
And this isn't something the boys just said yes to.
No, we sampled the beers.
We gave feedback.
We made sure this is a beer we will all drink.
We tried it out.
We okayed it.
We loved it.
You're going to love it.
And boy, you're going to love it because it's damn good.
And you're going to look for it this fall.
Big Dale Bruin coming to you soon.
But in the meantime, please do enjoy a Labatt,
the pristine Canadian Pilsner.
Share a Labatt.
I was going to say, the guy who played there, Steve Watt,
he's a guy who seems to have some
colorful stories about him as well. Any adventures
with him?
Yeah, he's
an interesting cat.
He battled for you, that's for sure.
He'd do anything out there, but
some nights you just need earplugs.
They just...
He was starting to bother his own team.
He was chirping so much.
And then we put him and Aves together for 20 games or whatever it was.
It was just like chaos.
Hey, Brad, I'll never forget a game in Boston.
It was like the biggest gong show they might have had that year.
You guys had it.
It was like Avery and Ott got kicked out.
It was a disaster. I imagine you saw a bunch of that madonna's madonna said the media after i'm gonna
get an office job and this is what we're gonna do every game it was complete yeah it was just
a complete con show uh so uh avery was obviously a different animal and some of the stuff he would
say that was that the year that there was kind of a falling out
and he ended up making those comments publicly in Calgary?
Yeah, Holly was the co-GM and knew him from Detroit and brought him in.
And, yeah, I mean, Sean left New York.
He didn't want to be in  he got there and he just wasn't a Dallas guy.
And then those two winding each other up, Otter and Aves.
Yeah, that was the recipe for disaster.
He lasted  I think it was like November, right?
Late November or something, he was gone.
Yeah, that was a quick rip.
Now, going back to St. Louis or Ott, because I would imagine at some point
Ott does get a head coaching job.
Could you see either of those guys coaching when they
were done?
Definitely Marty, yeah.
Marty was, you know, that's just how he
played. You know, you get back from every shift
and he's going over everything. What did you
see here? Like, he just loved
it. You know, where Vinny was
totally opposite. Vinny didn't watch hockey. He just
didn't want to talk about hockey. He just
showed up and played. You know, there's two different animals.
But Marty, you can tell.
Yeah, I knew him.
I just talked to Marty all the time.
He's been trying to get back in coaching for a while now.
But I think, yeah, it was a great opportunity.
Montreal.
So go back to his hometown.
Otter, I, yeah, I mean, Otter's a rink rat like that
too, but I didn't see the coaching
part in Otter like he did Marty.
Marty was all into it.
After Dallas, you end up coming here
to New York, signed as a free agent. Now, you mentioned
Torch was the reason you come here. What was the other
allure about coming to Manhattan to play?
Other than the cash. All the cash
they sent into his bank account.
The duffel bags are dope.
I think original six team, New York City, obviously.
Playing in Tampa and Dallas, it's kind of like I went through an ownership bankruptcy in both places.
And it's kind of like, you know, we missed the playoffs three years around Dallas.
I'd like to go somewhere where we have a stable ownership and play an original six city.
So it was a little closer to the East Coast for mom and dad.
So it was great.
A lot of fun.
And, you know, like I said, we came up short.
But, you know, two good runs.
One L.A. run lost two double overtime games in the finals and an overtime game.
So you'd think you'd win one of those maybe, but yeah,
it was a lot of fun.
I remember that free agency.
You were the number one guy that everyone was looking for.
And it was, I'm pretty sure it came down to the Leafs and the Rangers.
Were you close to going to business?
I would say more LA.
Oh, it was LA?
It would have been LA or New York, the way it wasn't working out in my mind.
And then L.A. won two cups and beat us.
Yeah, that's true, yeah.
So you wouldn't have been a Leaf?
You wouldn't have went to Toronto?
I would say Leafs would have been like fourth.
I remember Tampa, Stevie Wyatt talked to me,
and they didn't have a lot of calf space,
but that was kind of an allure to go back and play
with Marty and Vinny again.
But in the end, it was just more like original
six.
New York was...
Making sure the checks were
clear. Everybody says
if you can play at MSG,
why not? It was a lot of fun. It was a great experience.
Fred, I've asked other players who've been on both sides of the Stanley Cup.
Does the sting of losing register worse than the joy of winning it?
I think my situation is maybe a little different.
I won, you know, 10 years before, and then you lose.
It stings for sure, but I can't imagine if I hadn't won how it would have felt.
So I think lucky enough to win one before you lose in the final,
I think would probably help it a little bit. Although, you know, it did.
Winning in New York would have been pretty epic. That's still, you know,
I still think about that all the time because I got lucky and got back the next
year of Chicago, but it was there, you know, I was there for one year,
New York and was there longer and kind of knew the team more.
But yeah, the New York thing, it's fine.
But you just always wonder what kind of celebration,
what kind of parade, you know, all that stuff in New York City,
how cool that would have been.
Because Chicago was pretty epic and a lot different
than winning it in Tampa.
I love Tampa. It's a lot of fun.
But, you know, going to an old-school, original-six city,
the parade in Chicago is crazy, the amount of people that showed up.
It was nuts.
Yeah, because the Rangers brought you out, which you probably pissed at the time,
but it ended up sort of being a blessing in disguise, huh?
Yeah, I mean, the writing was on the wall coming to that lockout
before my contracts, or the cap hit goes some crazy, I don't know, whatever.
Remember, you could sign those long.
I signed a nine-year deal.
There was no way I was going to, you know,
I probably would have played six years.
That's kind of how it was structured.
I was 31, 32 at the time.
So once we come out of that lockout and they give you two free buyouts
or if you retired, you screwed the team.
So I kind of knew it was coming.
But that's life.
And with the career you'd had, I mean, yeah, it had been a couple tough years in New York,
but you must have had a bunch of other options when you ended up going to Chicago as well, right?
Did you see they already had the two cups and it was pretty evident you wanted to be there?
Or was that another tough decision to make?
No, you know what?
There were some other teams, and then Chicago called a day or two before,
and I was like, oh, you just lost in the finals,
and you kind of got the itch again.
It had been 10 years in between finals,
and Chicago just lost L.A. in Game 7 overtime,
and obviously their core is ready to win again.
So it was just like I was just told my agent, like, make this work.
I know it's only one year, but let's try to make this work.
This will be a pretty cool experience.
Was it a big adjustment for you kind of, you know, when you were in Tampa,
obviously one of the stars of the team, and then Chicago,
I guess a bit more of a role player.
Was that an adjustment, or you would just find a takeover job?
Yeah, no, I think, yeah, I mean, getting older, I guess a bit more of a role player. Was that an adjustment, or you would just find a take out of a job at that point?
Yeah, no, I think, yeah, I mean, getting older,
but you're playing with Patrick Kane,
and I don't really think that's a bad deal.
Right, right, yeah.
And then, you know, just being around some of those players is great.
Like, I always knew how good Hosa was,
but to be with him every day, crazy how good he was and how
strong he was on pucks and
how much he battled defensively.
Little stuff like that, you just don't
always think of him as Hossa scoring a bunch
of goals.
Being around Duncan Keith,
that year he won the cons, I had
no idea he was that good.
He was
crazy out there.
They all eat perfect.
They love to eat hockey.
And you just tell, like, it didn't really matter anything that was going on
during the regular season.
They were just waiting for the playoffs to start.
And they just turned it into another year.
It was a lot of fun.
Total different experience of, you know, Tampa.
We were all young and kind of dumb and naive doing it for the first time.
But that was kind of a methodical machine in Chicago.
You just knew that they're going to give themselves a chance to win.
And you had a pretty good run that playoffs.
I want to say, what, 15 points?
And then probably the famous, one of the cane point,
when you ended up setting them back.
How did you not shoot that fucking puck, man?
How did you not shoot that?
Because I wanted to get one more contract out of Chicago.
If I gave Kaner the empty netter, maybe they'd fit me in.
But then you ended up getting offered more from Detroit.
Exactly.
That's awesome.
Yeah, Kaner.
The rink knew that was going to caner at some point i just had to
wait long enough to freeze bishop but um that was a lot of fun caner's an awesome awesome guy
another guy that i had no idea before i got there but what a what a great human being he is and then
in detroit you got to play with a couple legends there i know it was toward the tail end of the
career side zetterberg and datzuk we must have had a cool experience, even though, like I said,
it was toward the tail end.
Yeah, I think I remember Zetterberg and I talked at the end of the year.
It would have been fun to play with each other when we were 25.
Pavel, same thing.
They were getting a little older and slower, as was I,
but still seeing some of the stuff they do.
You just can tell they've been around winning teams.
Yeah, they're unbelievable players, that's for sure.
They did more on their backhand than most players did on their forehand.
It was true.
True that.
Were you aware that was going to be your last year?
How hard was it to eventually make the decision to hang them up?
Yeah, I was talking to Anaheim.
I had a couple things kind of going, but it was going to be another move.
Just about to have our second kid.
And it was kind of, I don't know, I just didn't feel like going in
and trying to, if I would have been back to Detroit and know the same people,
I didn't feel like going in and trying to relearn the locker room coach.
It's like for another year and I'm lucky enough to win.
It was just getting to the point.
I just felt like I was getting crankier with less playing time.
You know, you're just not the same.
And I didn't want to be that guy anymore.
And that was it.
So I went to, my wife's Australian, so we packed up
and went to Australia for four and a half months
and it was a perfect way to just shut off hockey.
That's awesome.
Wow.
How sick's the golf over there?
I heard it's the best in the world.
The sand belt is amazing, yeah.
It's as good as it gets.
Oh, shit.
They don't do any, like, you know, it's not like here.
Like, there's no caddies.
There's no, like, the service part of the golf is a lot different.
Yeah, there's no amenities, but it's just pure golf.
No amenities.
It's just pure golf.
You pull your own bag, and you go in and pay for your tee time,
and you get your credit card, and you walk out,
and they give you, like, four balls to hit on the range,
and that's about it. You got to go retrieve your own ones, you walk out, and they give you like four balls to hit on the range, and that's about it.
You got to go retrieve your own ones, put them on a string.
Have at it.
And then you got to dodge snakes everywhere.
Every golf course hands out, if you get bit by a tiger snake, if you get bit by a brown snake, don't do this.
Don't try to whack it with your club.
I guess it can climb up the club and like bite your hand and stuff like that.
So that's silly.
It's a little scary over there, the amount of things that want to eat you.
Other than golf, what interests you?
What do you do now that you're retired to occupy your time?
I work with a financial firm out of the city called Douglas Winthrop.
Try to raise money or create relationships on the golf course or, you know,
doing stuff like that.
And, you know, kind of like show them
what kind of product it is.
And then obviously the people that went to Harvard
take over after that.
But yeah, I do that.
And then just some little stuff.
Untuckit.
I started with Untuckit way back in New York
and was kind of a small owner in that.
And then we're doing another thing called Greatness Wins right now
with Wayne Jeter.
So that's kind of fun to poke around in that stuff.
And yeah, I'm just kind of little investment business stuff like that.
But, you know, nothing crazy,
but maybe hit a home run here or there someday down the road.
Yeah, I was going to wear my on-tucket shirt today, but I put it on,
and it's a little tighter from all the pink Whitney I've been drinking during the playoffs.
The on-tucket doesn't help a barrel.
I was wondering if you were still involved with that or not.
Yeah, yeah.
You did a great job.
It's been fun to see that grow.
And then where are you playing golf in Long Island?
Are you at National, or did I get that wrong?
Yeah, I play out there at National Golf Links.
Oh, what a place.
We'll be up there July 1st for the summer with the kids.
Then I'll go up to Canada in August and then back here for school.
We get out of Florida when it's getting really hot here now.
All the golf pretty much closes down
here. Well, Brad, I think the hockey
fans are going to be pumped to hear from you, man.
We thank you so much for your time and incredible
career. What a run.
Obviously, congratulations
and best of luck, everything in your future
ventures. Hopefully, we bump into
you sometime and who knows, maybe a
sandbagger against this guy.
What do you think?
Wits and I have been trying to
figure out golf at some point. We've got to figure it out.
Yeah, this summer we've got to
make it happen. We've got to do some home and home stuff.
But like Biz said, man,
just an unreal
career. It was a pleasure watching you play and
playing against you. And I think for a guy
who's known as kind of quiet, fans will really enjoy
hearing your side of the story. So thank you.
Cool. Thanks guys.
Big thanks to Richie for joining us a few weeks back for the chat.
Awesome fellow, man. Great interview. Hopefully you enjoyed it.
His interview was also brought to you by Roman.
Testosterone affects a lot of aspects of men's fitness and health from sex drive
to muscle and bone mass, the experts believe testosterone plays a huge
role in our body's natural function.
But men's testosterone starts to deplete with age, which is why it's important you
support it early.
Roman T support is meant to help men maintain their body's natural testosterone production
with the proprietary supplement formulated by Roman's in-house doctors. Roman T support is not testosterone replacement therapy, and it is not meant to
treat people with testosterone deficiency syndrome. So go to get roman.com slash chicklets
to get 15 off your first order of Roman T support. That's get roman.com slash chicklets.
support. That's get roman.com slash chicklets.
One more time, get roman.com slash chicklets.
All right, gang. Well,
hopefully you're enjoying our summer as much as you are enjoying these interviews here, but do not forget to check out our chicklets cup videos.
We had the one from the big deal selects actually two parts,
one and two of the big deal selects parts,
one or two of the barstool team where Granalee showed me up with the hat
trick through the hat, my face, good stuff.
If you haven't seen it by all means check it out also i was on the
dog walk this week we did a little movie draft feel free to check that out as well and again
we dropped a whole bunch of new merch gee what else we got am i missing anything yeah we actually
are dropping a behind the scenes video from the entire chicklets cup that'll release this wednesday
on the spitting chicklets youtube channel kind of following merles around following yourself around so we'll kind of just really capture it
won't be you know a behind the scenes of business team it won't be behind the scenes of the barstool
team it kind of just captures what the chicklets cup really is nice looking forward to checking
that out so again if you haven't seen the previous ones by all means check them out or
give them another view but either way again hopefully you're enjoying the summer, our summer interview series.
And we'll check in with you next week.
Have a great week.
The boys will be back next week, R.A.
The boys will be back next week.
Spoiler alert.
Spoiler alert. Thank you.
