Hey, Spittin' Chicklets listeners, you can find every episode on Apple Podcasts,
Spotify, or YouTube. Prime members can listen ad-free on Amazon Music.
Hello everybody, welcome to episode 403 of Spittin' Chicklets, presented by Pink Whitney, from our friends at New Amsterdam Vodka, here in the Barstool Sports Podcast family.
Gang, we have a nice little surprise episode for you this week, we just can't stay away from you folks.
First ever Chicklets, recorded from St. John's, Newfoundland, very excited for that. Posted in the, I gotta give i gotta give greg the gm a shout out he's very kind to let me use his office for
the first shout out already holy shit he hooked it up i gotta hook him up boys but we gotta say
hello the boys interrupting our vacation for a little surprise up mikey granelli what's going
on what you been up to buddy i just got back from vancouver on the Pink Witty tour with Busy Boy. But before that,
I was in the great country of Italy and more specific, the Amalfi Coast trip of a lifetime.
I don't know if you saw the picture of me in my new hat. I should have wore the hat for this
episode. It's completely changed me as a person. But I ate so much. I drank a ton of wine,
went cliff jumping in Tropea and fucked my back up and other than that it was it
was an unbelievable trip boys i seen that picture with the hat you look like the guy who was buying
the embryos in jurassic park the dinosaur embryos that shady dude you look exactly like him but the
hat has changed my life all right next we're gonna mix things up a little bit i want to know i want
to know what's thought on the hat i I actually say it did a lot for you.
I haven't even seen the hat, bro.
Oh, you haven't.
You've been you've been off the grid.
I will say, Grinnelli, it helps.
There's no grid in existence in my life right now.
I have not seen this hat like now I have to see it.
So where do I go to see it?
I'm sending it over to you now, Biz.
You're exactly
right it took a ton of attention off the snozz a ton of attention you might actually have the
worst nose on the podcast but definitely but but from this yeah your snozz is a fucking nightmare
and it's natural it was i was born like this it's not like i got like i got my face go to the side
let me see dude it's like, it's like a fucking.
Chris Drury.
Big curve.
It's terrible.
With a sack of curve on it.
If R.A. had that nose, he'd be dead because of the amount of woof he could do up it.
How you been, Paul?
R.A., I will say the hello, everybody.
Sounded like you were fresh off a cup parade celebration now there is
like this hat sorry i like this hat it looks good it looks great looks real good yeah he got he got
it for 10 bucks off the guy who sells blow on the amalfi coast at the beaches kind of like how they
do in cabo right g correct very correct that's where i got my pussy muncher bandana i don't know
if they got those on the Amalfi Coastal.
It's a little greasier there in Cabo.
But, R.A., so I know that you and Terry Ryan Sr.
are pretty much best friends and hit it off.
Yeah, they're the same person.
Yeah.
So you not only went up to visit the Ryan boys,
but it just so happened to be Logan O'Connor.
Or no, it wasn't a Logan O'Connor.
It was actually Alex Newhooks cup parade. How,
how was the whole ordeal? And I'm sure you're still there.
Oh yeah. I'm here. I'm here for the week. I came up for a little vacay.
And obviously I was talking to the boys about coming and con man was like,
Hey dude, if you're going to come up, you know,
Newhooks going to have the cup party Monday, the 21st.
And I kind of was looking at that week.
So it was no brainer to come here when the cup was here.
I watched the parade basically kind of from my hotel room. Cause I we were going to the party later so i didn't you know i
didn't have to get on the sidewalk to watch too much had the parade in the day and now we hit a
couple bars i went to o'brien's last night and what's funny dude right three newfoundlanders
have won the stanley cup dan clary michael rider and now alex newhook i've celebrated in some form
or another with all three of them because clary when i when i crashed the detroit potty i slipped out a cup rider when i was in the bruins locker room
when they want it and now what the fuck what are the three new fees when and i'm with all three of
them that's like ra is a stanley cup sandbagger he's been you might have more cups than stoddy
bowman as far as celebrations are concerned. And what's he got?
Bowman got them all legally and through a fucking normal venue and avenue to get it and raise it above your head.
R.A.'s can give a doorman ecstasy to get into cup parties, sneaking in past parents and safety guards.
Right next to Alan Eagleson in the in the in the in the hockey hall of fame for for uh
for for all the oh no no no i'll take all the ranks of the world do not put that mfs i'm the
gm do not put that ms name in my fucking sorry all right yeah alan eagleston is legitimately
one of the worst human beings in the world didn't he fuck over bobby or two
is he alive is eagleston alive i think he passed I yeah I don't even I won't even okay
so for for our younger listeners though RA explain the Alan Eagleson situation with Bobby or I know
we have a lot of Boston fans who probably have heard this a million times and and can't stand
the guy either but there's like a deep rooted like Bobby or hates this guy's guts yeah he he acted
like he was working for the players back in the seventies.
I, he may have even been president of the union.
Meanwhile, he was in collusion with all the owners to keep salaries down.
He used to tell the players, you don't want your salaries public.
You don't want your neighbor knowing how much you make when it was the
opposite guys want to know what other guys make so they can, you know,
I'm better than him, get more money. They were trying to keep salaries down.
He colluded with the owners and then the Bobby or pot,
the Bruins offered Bobby or ownership in the team for like one,
what would have been probably his last contract.
Eagleson never told all that he steered to go to the Blackhawks.
Cause he was buddies with works. And like, it's just, I,
I still cringe when I see pictures of, or in the,
in the Blackhawks Jersey, cause it should have never happened.
He bullshit Bobby or Bobby or trusted him.
Like guys do with their agents and. And he fucking totally manipulated.
Never told him the Bruins offered him whatever the percentage points he was going to get ownership in the team.
And, yeah, it's a very sore subject.
And Bobby was just one of many, many guys that I think was Russ Conway wrote the book about it.
I mean, he fucked over so many, so many guys.
It's like a bad person.
I mean, let's do the math here.
Like you would imagine it was at what?
At least a couple percent of the team?
I bet you it was 5 to 10.
Which now, what the hell are the Bruins worth?
I would say probably 1.
800 million?
I would say 1.2 billion would be my guess.
Because, yeah, we've been over what franchises are worth the most,
and they were right up there.
Wow.
Yeah, no more calling R more calling our at Allen Eagles.
Yeah.
That's I can take a lot of shit,
but I can't.
I'll take a five minute major for that.
I'll go down and back in that 400 yard long kitchen.
You're going to go down and back,
go down and back,
go down.
I'll see you guys in a down and back.
You can see it.
This is a thing that I like to do.
Me and Merle's for people at home.
All you guys listening, you younger kids who get together, drink with your buddies, hopefully Pink Whitney at some point, big deal ruin.
When somebody makes an idiotic, moronic, absolutely foolish statement, you say, take a lap down and back.
And they go to the other end of the room and they touch the wall and they come back.
And it's a little penance they pay for being a moron.
So, Biz, no more Alan Eagleson comments, but you paid your dues by a quick down and back
all right i have another question for my first question for you um when did you like decide to
go up there was it just because you talked to the boys at the chicklets cup or were you already
planning even prior to go up to newfoundland uh i would say more so the chicklets cup and picked
up steam i hung out with the con man quite a bit
and they say, come on up, come on up.
I feel like this is a place everyone gets drunk and says,
oh, I'm going to come up there and no one ever follows through on it.
And, you know, we got the month off, basically.
I didn't want to stay in Boston and not do anything
and pull my pud and chalice down all month.
So I looked at flights. It wasn't too bad
getting up here and just see something different.
Great people up there.
Unbelievable. And it's funny, too.
I mean, the only mountains you think of in Canada, you know, the Rockies or Vancouver.
But, dude, this is like all mountains here.
And T.I., he's like, hey, you get in at noon.
We're going to go do a zip line at like 3.30.
I was like, oh, sure.
No problem.
I was thinking like, what kind of blow is that?
How are you?
So I was like, yeah.
He's like, my daughter and her friends are going to go, blah, blah, blah.
So I have no idea.
I'm glad I didn't ask ask so we get to this place they take a school bus up this mountain and then it's like a legit 20 minute hike up further and then how'd you do how are you doing
i got i got there yeah i i might have i don't think i got the under but i got there were you
sweating out the ipa and cheese that you got in vermont a little bit. It was just, but he told me this.
I would have been like, yeah, dude, I'm going to be exhausted.
I don't want to do it, but I'm glad I didn't ask.
So they give you like one little test run to like, you know,
get the feel of it.
So, and dude, I shit my pants on the first couple.
You're up in a mountain, dude.
And like 50 he was like, wow, this is what it's like to be a bird
or Superman, you know, you're 200 feet in the air flying.
And then the other 50 is like, all right,
if I'm the one in
10 million guys to die on this if it snaps like it's going to be a painful fucking death like
and i'm like do i want to hit a tree on the way down or just a rock and fucking end it instantly
because i'm afraid of heights so i kind of do it to try to battle that but there were 10 fucking
zip lines biz 10 of them not one they were like 10 of them to get all the way to the bottom but
it was fine i'm glad you could have been like a bird considering you were shitting your pants you're gonna be shitting over hiking up the hill
absolutely but i've been hiking too lately ra oh you can get into that later but i want you to
continue uh continue what you're saying so that was great too but i'll tell you what i really
shit my pants and almost truly died was when senior aka senior terry ryan's dad picked me up
at the airport um and he's giving me the tour like he's
like oh you want to see a few things he showed me where terry went to high school there's the
college that's the chemistry building that's the science build like legit like every detail all
of a sudden i hear a horn coming out and i was like terry terry terry i thought we were gonna
get creamed he didn't see the car coming he jammed on the brakes he goes was it my fault i'm like i
don't he goes was it my fault he screamed yes mr magoo yes it was like, I don't know. He goes, was it my fault? He screamed at me. Yes, Mr. Magoo. Yes, it was like senior.
I don't know what the signs.
I don't know who ran what he had like fucking.
And then like my hat was pitter patter.
And after I told everyone, oh, senior picked me up.
They were like, wait a minute.
You got he drove.
You got in a car with senior.
Like he doesn't have a license.
I'm mortified when I said that.
But he's seen he don't have to explain him at this point.
Piece of work.
He told me the Elvis story last night.
Everything he's he's he's a beauty for last night and everything. He's a beauty.
For the 20th time.
I'll tell you what.
He faded a little early, though.
He's the one guy.
He could tell me the same story every single day.
Well, he kind of does until the end of time, and I would never get bored
because it's almost like he tells it a different way every single time
he opens his mouth.
But, all right, we got to go back even further, though,
because we talked about  we should actually talk a little bit more
about your Italy trip with your girl.
Gee, and go back to that.
But you had a nice time off in Vermont as well.
Now, I laugh because I think every time you go before you leave, you stock up on cheese and IPAs.
Is that your little gift basket treat to yourself?
Straight up dairy, dairy diet when you're up there.
No cheese, though.
The beers because the new Atkins, some of the beers you can't get local, like the heady topper stuff I like.
Some people call it weed in a can.
That's tough to find around Boston.
So I'll bring a couple, four packs home.
And the cheese, I was there.
Cabbage cheese.
People are like, oh, you can buy it at Shaw's around the block.
I'm like, fuck off.
I'm in Vermont.
I want to buy it here.
It's probably a little fresher.
So yeah, just a little something to take home.
I actually want to go back to Newhook real quick while we're talking.
Dude, what a guy he is. He flew in in i think it was 21 of his old teammates going
way back he had a he got a house for him he flew them all in he had like a boston house like an
ontario house and one other house i bumped in on like matt boldy mark mclaughlin from the bruins
was there last night a bunch of other guys keita's son was there hung out with those boys last night
i just want to give him a shout out for doing that for all those guys. Just a tremendous thing to fight.
He paid for all their flights.
Blew them all in, dude.
Like I think it was 21 of them, got them all, all houses and shit.
And it was a tremendous fucking Boldy made him pay.
Boldy is going to make about fucking 75 million playing.
And he stills up 400 on me this summer, I think.
So if he made that kid pay for him, you're a piece of shit.
Boldy, pay your own way up there. Yeah, I don. So if he made that kid pay for him, you're a piece of shit, Boldy. Pay your own
way up there. Yeah,
I don't know who footed every bill, but
yeah, it was just a tremendous thing for him to do.
So I just want to give him some love there, but we can go back
to you, Biz. I heard this Boldy kid's
a funny fucker. He's living out of Boston,
correct? Yeah, he's a quiet little dry
sense of humor. Fucking, I like him.
I heard he wants a piece of the same. These young hockey
guys are fucking good dudes, man.
These kids, as you hear the game changing,
I'm meeting some youngsters that I love.
I love these young guys.
Now, you still hope that they go out and have a drink once in a while,
but from everything I see in here, they're doing it,
and they're enjoying life.
We don't want the full hockey nerd to be completely taking over the game.
Yeah, I didn't sense any hockey nerds last night hanging out.
Exactly.
The Whit Dog, we haven't intro'd you properly yet.
What have you been up to?
I know hitting the golf courses, I would imagine.
I haven't exercised in a month, and then I went today,
and I fucking threw my neck out.
My neck is all twinched and tweaked.
So I'm like, that's why you don't work out.
So Biz is telling me prior to this that you're back on this lunatic
Biz workout routine i i know i've said it to this podcast like 600 times but i need need to have
the fall come and get on a workout routine four days a week so i i have no new news to report in
terms of what i'm going to do but i'm really diving in. Have you ever had a six pack? No.
When I was in the best shape of my life, you couldn't see an ab.
Legit.
So I'm not trying to get ripped.
I'm trying to get a little leaner, get rid of the love handles.
I have an extra like little things going on in the neck where that's growing a little bit.
But more than anything, I want to feel good.
I want to feel better.
But nonetheless, that doesn't matter.
I just got hurt today.
That's why it was on my mind.
You mean like a little bit of a turkey gobbler?
Yeah, yeah, yeah. I see a little like an R.A. second chin coming in on me.
No offense, R.A.
It's worse than the Alan Eagleson trip.
Do a lap.
I did.
Absolutely not.
Although R.A. has lost about fucking 40 pounds fucking the
last three months exactly no it was the last time i saw a doctor was a year ago and it was yeah but
the thing is you haven't changed your diet you don't work out so yes he's on the cheese ipa diet
he's on the line of stress and anxiety yes it's all stress and anxiety. It's not funny, but I mean, that's the one good thing.
I said at one point to my wife, I go, I just could use like a four day flu and I'll lose 15.
I keep it off. Just give me the flu for four days. I'll survive.
But my my few weeks off has been great. Very chill.
I will say in the last maybe 10 days, I've been like, oh, we need to reconnect.
I kind of like I was like, I need to get on the podcast.
I just feel like so out of the loop with you guys and the world.
I'm like, all right, I need to just record. And then I had no idea we were doing this today.
I saw Ari's outline last. I said, perfect. Two o'clock's money for me.
I'm not playing golf today. What else? Oh, I have a very special thing happening.
Very special coming up.
So the middle brother of the three Whitney boys, myself, Colin Whitney, the middle guy, and my youngest brother, Sean.
Sean had a son, him and his wife, Casey, had a son, Liam.
Congratulations to them.
I might have mentioned that.
It was a little two, three months ago.
But Colin's getting married October 1st. And you know what we're doing for a bachelor party
blowing hookers georgia bulldogs home opener in athens georgia for my first ever sec football game
september 10th we got 26 guys going down. We got this tailgate company setting up this monster space with TVs.
It's a four o'clock game.
We watch all the early games.
We got all this food.
They're going to be grilling the food up for us.
We're going to be around all these alumnus and all these ugly SEC girls.
They're really tough looking down there.
And I'm going to have my red and black on.
Ironically enough, my group of friends back home,
Keith Yandel is a part of that group, Ryan Yandel, Ned Haven.
A lot of people have been mentioned.
Foles, that scumbag.
We are looking about five years ago to get into college football.
Let's pick a team.
So we picked Georgia.
We didn't want to pick Bama.
They were trucking everyone.
And then we also thought of a place to be fun to go to.
And what happens?
Georgia finally wins their first national title, think in close to 40 40 years last year and we're going to the home opener their first
home game since their first national title since the 80s and I'll be there and I can't wait because
SEC football to me is one of the best things you could ever watch so to actually experience a game
I've wanted to do this for quite a while so September September 9th, 10th, 11th, I'm going to be wrecked.
I'm actually getting down there Thursday night
and it's the NFL opener.
And it's just a great crew.
We're playing golf Friday, Friday night,
Saturday tailgate, Saturday night out.
My wife said, when are you flying home Sunday?
I was like, 11 p.m.
Guys are getting 8 a.m. flights.
I'm like, no chance. oh so i mean his wedding will be
a blast but if i'm a little more excited for the bachelor party no offense congrats on the national
championship but i mean thank you yeah thank you you're just you're just jumping around to the best
teams i mean you picked chelsea and they won the champions league and then they they like stink now
though they lost to be forced to put it in your bio so you have to
face the insults of people calling you a bandwagon well no because i hopped on georgia five years ago
and they didn't win till this year and then i hopped on chelsea when they weren't even like
supposed to be that good and they won this miracle championship it's not even bandwagon
bandwagon would be if i was now a georgia fan. Do you understand what I'm saying? I think they should be angled as you're turning these teams into winners.
I'm turning franchises around.
Exactly.
I just cannot wait to experience a true tailgate down south.
SEC is awesome, dude.
I've been to a couple games down there.
Unbelievable.
I was talking to some kid.
He's like, nobody's going to have a clue who who you are down there.
Like, that's not Chiclets Nation. I said, maybe not. But I'll tell you what.
All those fucking kids are drinking. It's pink. God. Yeah, we are.
So when they find out, oh, that's the pink Whitney guy. I might fucking look at this thing.
Well, you people listening can't see it. Well, this thing to my chest and walk around the tailgate like this is
me you should nice to meet you you should bring a bottle that big the old texas mickey every
sorority will be giving you a freaking pin to pledge them go ahead every sorority will be
giving you a pin to pledge with that thing i did with big sorority girl ever at a boy put the
blinders on husband of the year this is about friends football uh golf and booze
not young like a good time speaking of booze we usually do this guy a little earlier but we're
gonna save him for now paul biz nasty bisonette mr canada just ripped up western canada all over
the place singing the gospel of pink whitney what's the word buddy talk to us oh my god uh
where do i begin first of all what a fucking tour that was so
wits gotten a little bit of time off ra's got a little bit of time off i have gotten less time
off but my vacation starts after this week uh we're butting up a few things that we'll get to
later but let's start with the pink whitney tour i'd already done the two dates in ontario we went
to toronto we went to St. Catherine's awesome time,
August 9th, the Western leg began. We did eight stops in five days. And then a week later finished
off with two and one day, um, in Vancouver, we did Langley and then obviously local, uh, local
in, uh, Gastown, but, uh, I actually brought on Pasha. He's coming on the podcast right now. We ended up doing the
trip, six of us. We had Julia who manages the Pink Whitney account. She's done such an incredible
job. She helped set up the whole tour. They were lugging the miles and we didn't fly everywhere.
We drove everywhere in a truck, bubble wrapped in Pink Whitney details uh we had our bumper stolen first day so we got off to
a hot start but biggest veteran move of all time was inviting memes and rick carlson who's known
as rick from red deer um he will always now be on every trip i'd imagine he is such a morale boost
but is he really oh my he came through in the clutch i was so wrong about this guy calling
him dead weight
and he's useless other than being a blunt roller and a guy there for laughs he drove most of the
trip whether he was tired or not he would do all the little things just an absolute fourth line
grinder in and out of the lineup type of guy uh and just folding the towels filling up the water
bottles not using too many towels because he's East Coast League, right?
So he's not grabbing two or three post-tower.
No, him and James were sharing a towel.
They couldn't even use the Dept gel.
We wouldn't let him use the deodorant either.
But nonetheless, so we started the trip off August 8th.
We landed in Winnipeg and then right away drove over to Brandon.
So it was unfortunate as far as logistics.
We had to go to Brandon first, but whatever.
So we ended up going to Brandon the the next afternoon had a bar appearance drove back to winnipeg did a night bar appearance insane atmosphere uh where you were you ended up
how long is that ride like to brandon and back to winnipeg is that like two hours each i would say
two and a half hours so then we go we backtrack. And then after the Winnipeg one, we ended up stopping in Mooseman overnight,
which is just inside the border of Saskatchewan.
Then we did Regina and Saskatoon that next day.
Then we went over to Edmonton.
Then we hit up Red Deer and then do two appearances in Calgary on the Saturday
to finish everything off.
And as I mentioned, a full week later,
we ended up going to BAMP for a couple of days to cool out.
And then we finished.
I think you're skipping a couple of details in here, Biz.
No, buddy, there's plenty to get to Posh.
And thank you for joining us.
Posh was there to vlog the entire experience,
which we'll be throwing up on the YouTube in the next couple of weeks here.
But Posh, like where do we even begin with some of the shit that happened?
Oh man man it was
it was quite the adventure i mean first of all it's good to be on here boys i'm uh on here for
two reasons one to talk about that crazy adventure we were on but also to take a bit of the focus off
of grinelli and biz's noses because i think my schnoz might give them a run for their money for
uh biggest schnoz on the pod here so it is yeah it looks worse on camera too yours what kind of you got some
pointedness on the end what the fuck's up with how we all look jesus yeah i think we are so ugly
we should get we should get a plastic surgeon on the podcast to help us out we'll get the botox
filling that bum chin of wits i'll get we'll get a three for one special we'll get the love handles
taken off of wit i've looked into that ice thing that takes that could burn the fat off.
Doesn't work, I guess.
I would say you got a Brian Leach curve on your face.
That would be the best example for Pasha.
But Pasha, where do we begin?
Like, how did this trip start?
Can I ask questions?
And then, like, I think my questions will probably lead to like you guys thinking of other
stuff, maybe. Yeah, please do. Okay.
Yeah. So we started at any moment. Did biz snap?
Oh yeah. What did I snap on?
Posh Posh. Tell him the, tell him the driving story.
Yeah. That's what I was just going to say.
So we fly from Vancouver to Winnipeg. We drive straight to Brandon, spend the night in Brandon, wake up the next day. We have our
first event in Brandon. That goes great. And from there, we have to do the drive by ourselves back
to Winnipeg. And we have that hot pink truck, which I'm sure you all saw all over social media,
pink Whitney logos everywhere. Minus the bumper, the pussy way. Yeah. Minus the front bumper,
which I guess let's explain that a little bit better. The pussy way. Yeah. Minus the front bumper,
which I guess let's explain that a little bit better.
The first morning we wake up
and someone's like,
oh, the car is missing a bumper.
It had been parked
in the parking lot of our hotel.
Now we don't know what happened,
whether it was delivered like that
or overnight someone came
and just ripped the bumper right off
and kept it as a piece of memorabilia.
But that was a tough start for the car.
No bumper right off the hop.
So then we finished the event in Brandon.
We get the keys to the pink truck.
No less than five minutes after getting the keys to the pink truck,
I'm driving down this side road,
and all of a sudden I see these cop lights come on.
And I'm like, oh my fucking God.
So I pull over, the cop comes up.
And earlier that day in Brandon,
three separate cops in cars, on bikes bikes rolled up to us on the sidewalk hey biz how you doing big fan can i get a photo three
separate times police police escort to the event because we met the guy at the gas station one of
the cops like you know everybody was a chiclet sister so you're like we're good even though
you're hot box in the car as he comes out. We're good.
We're good.
No, no.
Exactly.
Cops in a rear view.
Benz and I are sitting there being like, just please be a Chicklets fan.
Please be a Chicklets fan.
And the GoPro's rolling.
The whole trip, we had a GoPro rolling on the dash.
So I'm sitting there like looking at the GoPro, looking at the cop.
The guy walks up.
Couldn't give less of a fuck about what Chicklets was, Pink Whitney was.
This guy was the
biggest hardo he's like oh like you're going i think it was 125 and 90 which didn't feel like
i was going that fast at all he goes license to registration and this is a rental car right so
biz and i were kind of scrambling we like going like pulling out the papers out of the dash or
whatever hand it to him the guy grabs it and he reads he goes like huh black huh because the car been
wrapped in pink he's just like makes a comment like black huh goes back to his car comes back
and you know we tried it all we're like sorry sir this car's in miles per hour you know we're not
used to this posh offered him a hand job offered him a hand job the guy was not buying it he was
just nothing he was like nope
it's too fast boy it's too fast here's your ticket 500 ticket oh and and biz's fucking face when you
guys watch this vlog on the gopro i've never seen him look more rattled he's sitting there just
staring forward with the biggest frown on his face so rattled by the way pasha you were driving correct no i was i was rattled for you because obviously
yeah that's your ticket pasha was doing a lot of investing during uh during the last couple years
and he rolled the dice on some stocks and then he was spending money before it was actually in his
pocket so he's racked up a little credit card debt and the markets crashed telling me that
he's telling me this the day before so my heart sank for him because i'm like fuck you i ain't
paying it 500 i will tell you the good news is i looked it up bc is one of three provinces along
with quebec and none of it that don't share their traffic infringement tickets with other provinces
so you don't have to pay them as long as you never get caught
if you get pulled over there again you're done
yeah but like I don't think I'll
ever be driving Winnipeg again and if I am
and I get pulled over then I'll say fuck it I'll pay
the 500 bucks so it doesn't work with the
insurance like here like it doesn't affect
that no so ICBC
which is our insurance in BC
them along with Quebec and none of it
are not connected to the
rest of the province icbc is the biggest fucking joke on the planet as far as bc insurance is
concerned that's a story for another day but we ended up seeing mike sillinger the next day in
regina and he was like anywhere other than manitoba apparently manitoba is notorious for
having cops that are a little bit like their hardos.
This guy was sitting there waiting in an area where the speed limit went down.
Like he was just cocked and loaded, pulled the UE and then we got fucked.
So not a great way to start the trip, but nonetheless, we went to Winnipeg.
What else do you got? What else happened?
Nothing really happened that crazy in Winnipeg.
Although the event itself,
that was the craziest event of the whole trip I would say. it was a tuesday night in winnipeg yeah we i think there was probably about six or seven hundred people who showed up no shit oh yeah buddy i would say
calgary edmonton and winnipeg pushed the biggest numbers of the trip all right you look like you
want to ask something yeah just for our america list is by she said 125 and a 90 what's the
conversion rate for the for the people down south?
You weren't going 125 miles an hour, right? You were doing
kilometers, right? 125 kilometers. No, they said
they were confused because the car was
in miles per hour. 77 miles.
Okay. You were going
77? That's kid stuff.
You're not getting pulled over
around here unless...
If you're over 80, RA, I'd say you might.
But under 80, that's a joke that's what
maybe those people from manitoba just jealous they're not from saskatchewan well i think the
hot pink truck didn't really help us you know kind of kind of stick out on the road so might
have been a combination of a few things so then so after that we we head over to musamin and we
stop at this gas station in the middle of nowhere and you know like everybody from saskatchewan knows the the mosquitoes are unbearable so obviously the
light at this place is just attracting mosquitoes the size of probably pterodactyls would be a good
example pasha and we also have all this on video because the gopro is running and then pasha had
his phone going so i get out to pump the gas and they're just attacking me.
I'm getting bit like crazy. Finally. I, I'm,
I just jump in the car while the, the, the, the gas is still pumping.
He's running around flailing his arms.
Wow. It's that bad. Oh, complete yard sale.
One of them picked them up.
Yeah.
20 mosquitoes get in the car in the, in the two seconds it
takes me to hop in. And I said, I can't do it. And then Rick's like, don't worry. I got it.
Ricky Carlson gets out of the car and he stands there and not one mosquito touches him. And he
doesn't flinch the entire time. And we're just dying, laughing in the car, not understanding
how this guy's not freaking out. So he finishes pumping the gas.
He gets in the car and we're just, you know, we're hysterically laughing.
He's like, what's going on?
I'm like, how did you not get bit by a mosquito?
And he's like, oh, he's like, I think I'm immune because of all the mustard that I drink.
And we're like, what?
So apparently this guy is known where like in bars in London and in Calgary, where he used to live, like people like just hand them mustard.
He'll just like take mustard shots and chug mustard to the point where later
on in the tour.
And I thought this guy was completely full of shit where somebody at one of
the events, cause we were posting about him, brought mustard,
cracks the lid just starts chugging mustard.
Yeah.
Mark let test do did it in the national hockey league to fight off cramps.
I don't know why Rick from Red Deer is doing it,
but he's convinced that that helps fight off the mosquitoes
to where they won't even bite you.
Just wait until you watch the vlog.
The contrast of Biz running around like full yard sale,
and then Rick is literally standing there not flinching a muscle.
It's fucking hilarious.
Rick's breath smells like off, so they're just like,
oh, I've got to stay away from this guy.
I've never heard of somebody drinking mustard in my life.
Really?
I don't even remember.
I don't even remember the tester doing that.
Yeah, he's something else.
So what ended up happening after that, Pasha?
Pasha, you mentioned to me the Calgary Stampeders game,
and that was obviously a video that went pretty viral on our Instagram page
of you racing the mascot of the Calgary Stampeders.
I raced the fastest cow
in the world and i fucking smoked them that's what happened at the calgary stampeters game
this one over to pasha because we pissed off a lot of people so yeah so we organized for biz
to race this cow and you know in the whole lead up we're talking about you know how big my head
starts you're gonna get and and we get there. The cow or biz? Biz.
Me, this guy's fucking, he's on the juice.
Like all the rest of the cows on the planet.
Yeah, this guy apparently like very rarely loses.
So biz is like, you know, I want a 20-yard head start or whatever.
And the media guy, you know, in the pregame,
it's kind of like that's a pretty big head start, man, or whatever.
We end up deciding on 12, right?
Because that was your number, biz?
Because of my number, yeah.
Because of your number.
And he goes, and he kind of whispers to us, he goes,
boys, when the guy goes on your marks, get set, go.
He goes, as soon as he says get set, I'm fucking going.
And we're all like, okay, perfect.
So Biz gets the 12-yard head start.
Guy goes, ready, get set.
Biz flies off.
And the crowd kind of is a little bit stunned.
They were pissed.
Okay, here we go. So Biz is going down the hill going down the field the cow starts kind of closing the gap on him but
obviously it's too much to overcome so biz wins the race starts selling kind of fake wrestling
the cow then we kind of start hearing some boos out of the crowd and we're walking by and we're
walking by and all of a sudden this like one old guy is like yelling at biz he's like you're an asshole you're a cheater you're a fucking cheater wow he's right though 85 years
old with his walker just losing a man of principle but biz at first is kind of thinking maybe he's
joking he's like check the tapes like you know prove it prove it this guy's like not remotely
smiling he's like fuck off you asshole you're a cheater fuck off and then we
find out afterwards that everybody in the stands wins a prize if the cow wins the race
so biz cheated all these guys out of a prize everybody was so pissed well well so is it
totally normal though that whoever he races gets a head start oh yeah so that's not the cheating
part it's that you left early so i think brian McGratton raced him head up and then lost.
And then ate him.
And then he suckered him in the parking lot.
So then the next time they went, I think he took the 10 yards.
So I got the two extra yards and a little bit of a false start.
A little bit of a false start.
And, A, before the game, they got me hyping up the crowd.
I was chirping the BC Lions bench and stuff.
So overall, it was a fucking great time. That was packed yeah yeah oh yeah i was for cfl they get a great crowd
anybody out west i mean i think out west draws a lot better than the eastern side of canada
we also forgot to mention that uh ryan reeves stopped by the appearance in winnipeg another
thing that elevated the crowd and uh and i ended up going head to head with him in that punching the bag game that they have in all these bars around the around the country
do you know what thing i'm talking about oh yeah i saw that yeah no no i fucking
you got him on the you're talking the one you can like step into and then it's like
with the score oh yeah about revo the buddy hometown so let's go over this the first time
we ever fought first time we ever fought in the national hockey league i would say i got the edge
he was a call up where he was going up and down his first year in st louis we all know what
happened the next time i fought at the scotts trade center that's the only video i ever see
on the internet i never see the one where i got the slight edge well guess what i fucking beat
him in that game so i I'm up to one.
So Revo, when you retire, maybe we could settle this at rough and rowdy.
You fuck.
Bring it, buddy.
I'll tell you what.
I need you involved in a rough and rowdy, dude.
I need you.
Revo, I'm kidding.
I would fight you in a rough and rowdy.
He, hey, he was, he wants it. He wants a rough and rowdy as soon as he's retired really
oh yeah oh yeah should we should we should actually probably talk a little bit about the
rough and rowdy before we get back to the tour all right did you end up checking it out the other day
oh absolutely it's i mean i tell everybody when we pump it up online the best 30 bucks you'll
spend the entertainment factors through the roof if you're sitting around with a few boys spend
five six bucks each the announcing's great the fights are great and shout out to alex bennett Best 30 she'll spend. The entertainment factor is through the roof. If you're sitting around with a few boys, spend 5, 6 each.
The announcing's great.
The fights are great.
And shout out to Alex Bennett, man.
This girl, she didn't have to do it.
She got out of her comfort zone.
And she rocked that girl for three straight rounds. I thought she was going to gash herself out and get rope-a-doped.
She just kept throwing shots.
Decisive victory.
So shout out to Alex Bennett.
She looked fantastic with the pink Whitney threads, too.
Gee, what do you got?
No, I was just going to say, in the pink Whitney threads, it was awesome.
She had the pink Whitney gloves, the pink Whitney robe. So it, what do you got? No, I was just going to say in the Pink Whitney threads, it was awesome to have the Pink Whitney gloves,
the Pink Whitney robe.
So it's just great to see Alex win.
Doesn't allow her husband to jerk off.
I mean, that's it.
I mean, if you want to dive into the jerk,
that's the fucking craziest thing of all time.
You take the rough and rowdy win.
Unbelievable job.
Her husband can't rub one out.
So wit. So there are you guys
reactions i put one on my belly button every single fucking day like i mean but i'm also
willing to have a conversation about it what studies are saying is that it it fucks it fucks
with your head right watching people have sex and tugging it off to that not an ideal but to not allow him to tug off at all
even to memory is absolutely absurd the the not memory the old the old spank bank the old you
don't get the the usb going just like ports the old dump and chase um but what they're saying
though is watching people have sex and and constantly jerking off to porn can fuck with your head.
And it also desensitizes you to to regular sex with your partner.
One thousand percent of an agreement.
It creates these ridiculous, unreal expectations and views on sex.
Having said that, to literally be like you can't rub your cornhole, your cornhole and your horn at the same time to pleasure yourself is bananas.
Banana lands.
I don't think that was based off the studies either.
I don't think that's the reason she said.
I love these studies, too.
I imagine business study.
We should have biz do a written book report and study.
Yeah, they had the Instagram thing.
It said,
do you let your man masturbate or should you let your man masturbate?
And I reply in the comments.
I'm like,
should you let your man breathe oxygen?
It's like,
that's like your guy.
Of course you're going to rub one out.
That's,
that's absolute crazy talk.
He also might be the type of guy who,
where she walks him around and like a dog leash too.
Like if,
yeah,
I mean,
I send my wife videos of me throwing a towel on the bed when
i get to the hotel room with thunderstruck playing in the background like game on dude
do you actually you have a you throw a tiktok
and then and then the other girl on that show is on OnlyFans. Barstool's fucking wild right now.
I'm telling you.
Dude, she got the bad boys.
Dude, she's making 60 Gs a month.
I listen to a porno show.
Doing OnlyFans, and she's not even showing off her tits.
Jordan?
Yeah.
Jordan.
She doesn't show tits, and she makes 60 grand.
What's she showing?
Yeah.
Not sure.
She said, she said, she said, Instagram pictures.
And these Muppets are paying 30 bucks a month dude so call me old school there's not a chicken dick's chance in hell i would
ever pay to watch somebody whip out their tits show me their pussy whatever it may be i have
buddies who like will like you know try to try to like approach women like get dates and like hook
up with chicks where if they get shut down, they'll like, obviously if they're following them on
Instagram, if they post an only fans, they will then pay to go see what that person looks like
naked just to kind of say, okay, I've already seen the naked. I guess I don't need to chase it
anymore up to like 50 bucks for a roll of pictures of where they might show like a pierced nipple.
Like they're not even showing themselves jamming.
They're not posting videos of them jamming themselves with dildos or anything.
50 bucks to see a pierced nipple?
Get the fuck out of here.
This OnlyFans thing is an absolute joke.
And people talk about the real estate prices.
I am convinced that all these people, mainly women, since OnlyFans has been created, the wealth transfer has inflated property beyond belief among everything else.
I am convinced that that has played a part.
Think about since COVID began, how many servers or people who might not otherwise have joined OnlyFans took a step up and started doing it.
have joined OnlyFans took a step up and started doing it.
I would say these people like obviously Jordan is like on a very popular podcast and part of Barstool.
Like what if it's just like some normal waitress at local from gas in the gas
light, whatever.
And so people don't know them, buddy.
I'm telling you this right now, rather than them have to go work a shift,
what four or five days a week and wait tables and blah, blah, blah.
I bet you a girl with 10,000 Instagram followers can make the same income showing off her pierced nipple on OnlyFans and probably make somewhat to equivalent of the same amount of money i understand biz what would it take what money would you have to guarantee yourself on a
yearly like uh earning basis to show cock shots and like yourself hammering like pocket pussies
honestly like a legitimate x-rated only fans is that a no money you'll ever do it when i was somebody's giving you if you got a million
dollars a year are you releasing two videos of you cranking it per week i i if you ask me this
question i was playing in the american league for 125 having a fight fucking jeremy oblonsky
uh i probably say i let a dude shove a dick in my ass for a per diem pack but uh i'm just fucking getting
bukkake for an outback hey remember give me a give me a blooming onion hey you remember biz
yeah he's getting fucking jizzed on on only fans now yeah remember that guy biz
hey yabonski knocked out but he's got the Daytona X on.
So, I mean.
He's blowing guys with a kimp costume on at OnlyFans.
Just getting, just fucking getting thrown around.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, God.
Biz is doing great.
Oh, geez.
Doing great.
Remember Biz from the AHL?
Yeah, he got his dick.
He's dropping the map of hawaii on his
back twice a week but he's making money yeah you get a dick chopped off and he's taking dick now
for uh only uh where were we where were we uh so wit i would i would not do anything now
like i would i would i would not me neither would i speaking of this speaking of this kind of just about
what's tonight let's say Saturday
I watched that Manti Teo
documentary oh I watched the first
episode it was fuck I knew the whole story
I don't know but I thought
I knew the whole story or I knew the story
but like man I couldn't help
but feel kind of bad for him like
he was railroaded man he was
he got so fucked.
Did me saying chop off my dick remind you of that?
I don't know why I was thinking about this.
It's because I said I was going to chop my dick off,
and then you thought of the one.
The guy who chopped his dick off, who's now a girl,
who catfished him.
Yeah, you're right.
Maybe that's what it was.
Might have been just the talk.
If you catfish someone, you are a tormented evil fucked up person like seeing how that was going down and like oh my god
and i do understand there was no such thing nobody even knew what that was then dude well
there wasn't even twitter then was there oh there was yeah let's catfish g every time i get a text
from someone that like pretends to be a
future guest on spit and chiclets i'm always like i told merles this i think it's foley i always
think i was just buddy i was just gonna say i bet you foley has like 10 boyfriends online that's how
sick that guy is as far as pranking uh we got to get pasha back on here to wrap up this tour uh
i fucking ran revo show and who knows,
maybe he will get a title shot at rough and rowdy,
but I'm up to one in the series. So suck on that Revo,
but thank you to him. And Scott Oaks kid ended up coming out.
The magician, I forget his first name. Do you remember it? Pasha?
No. God damn it. I feel like an asshole now. He was on,
he was on America's got talent and he went pretty far.
He might've even won the thing. Uh, but, um, ran into Mike Keene, uh,
when we were in Winnipeg as well,
he talked to us about his charity for mental health. Uh, I think it's, um,
it was all,
it all kind of started because of Rick Rippon and his time when he played with
the Manitoba moose. So, uh, shout out to Mike Keene and what he's doing.
They have a, um, a game, a charity game that they throw on in March.
I told him I would do everything I can in order to get back,
but our schedule is pretty crazy.
And I do think that the game is on a Wednesday,
which usually falls on a TNT broadcast day.
So if you're around the Winnipeg area,
check out Mike Keene and his charity game
and try to go over and show support for a
tremendous cause uh ran into my old uh a couple of my old teammates rajon boshman and andrew penner
in winnipeg uh rajon boshman works for rbc now unreal guy brought me a nice bottle of champagne
in which we celebrated with two days later for ricky carlson's fake birthday at a cactus club is his fake 21st birthday having tons of
silly fun and and I'll throw it back over to you Pasha I can't really remember anything else that
stuck out that was that funny on the trip or unless they're going to catch it in the vlog
I mean yeah there's gonna be tons of little funny bits in the vlog you're gonna catch you know just
the whole adventure the camera rolling the gopro for every car ride the little conversations
I think there was two separate times whereicky was talking about how he used to be
like a professional driver for a bmw dealership and then within three seconds of saying that like
smoked a curb so just like little things like that the organic moments that happen across the
adventure are going to make for a really good vlog and then all the pink whitney events for
a great success i think all in all the tour was uh 10 out of 10 when's that vlog gonna come out sorry biz uh do we know yet or no probably
i'm guessing late next week sometime nice nice i'm looking forward to that so everybody uh subscribe
to our spit and trickles youtube channel to check out that out we're going to be talking about more
original stuff that's going to be coming out september 19th we're actually going to be
releasing a sandbagger the day before we come back on.
It was filmed in Buffalo.
Pasha is going to be working on that in the meantime.
And I think that wraps up the Pink Whitney tour.
Got to thank Julia.
Got to thank Connor as well.
Those are the two who were lugging around all the stuff that had to be set up at each event,
capturing all the content that we needed to post through Pink Whitney channels.
So Barstool, Sam from Gallo, Julia, Connor,
and then, of course, Ricky Carlson, Memes, and Pasha,
and everybody who showed up, of course, all the fans.
There were a few Poopy Pants fans who maybe didn't get enough time.
Oh, dude, I had one guy in saskatoon wheel
right up at the end of event double barrel fucking fuck you finger right in my face wow
he had he might have had a pink whitney t-shirt on that we gave away for free i'd already been
to his table to deliver free shots his complaint was i just simply didn't come by their table for
long enough and there's sometimes 500 people there. So you just like, there might even been people that I didn't say hi to.
So it sucks, right? You're trying to snap the time around,
go from table to table, make sure you say hello to everybody,
give them a free shot, try to get them a free piece.
There was no joking. It was a straight up double bird,
like full blown walk away. I walked up to the table. I said, buddy, I said,
like, what's the problem he's like i spent
140 bucks and you didn't come over and talk to us i'm like but i've i know i dropped off a shot
this table everyone seems to have a free t-shirt on like i'm sorry i said you want me to pay for
your meal like i'll pay for your meal like i don't know i don't know what to tell you man like
it's fucking 9 30 i was supposed to leave here at nine o'clock i have a rule i said i'm not leaving
usually at least 30 minutes before the event's over so nobody can be like oh you just showed
up for the two hours and then left no you stay an extra 30 i mean extra 30 yeah yeah yeah how
did i say it i say i think you worded it like 30 minutes before the event was over or something but
i know what you mean yeah I mean that's just
that's just a guy who's probably just
has pictures of you all over his bedroom
he didn't get to like
hey how about this Halloween tattoo
up close and personal for long enough
if he sends me a DM I'll send him
a free big deal
I'll send I'll
I'll show him
the fucking Fernando cheese underneath my foreskin i'll
send him a no you gotta save that for only fans come on yeah yeah come on we're gonna make you
i'll actually save that for the idiot fans online saying the cadre deal was too expensive shut the
fuck up go flames um and hey if he if he if he dms me i'll send them a big deal brewing merch
package how about that to make it even for the 140 you spent.
And I didn't get to hear your terrible story.
Yeah, that's a little brutal to complain.
Hey, boys, you just mentioned Pink Whitney.
Well, the great white north just got doused with the five times distilled vodka infused with fresh pink lemonade flavor.
Great to see biz pouring it all over Western Canada.
So if you're at home, go to your local package store.
Go to your local liquor store.
Load up on the old Pink Whitney, the old Birdie juice.
Go to your bar, get a shot, mix a little club soda, whatever.
Summer's still here.
Got a few weeks left to enjoy it.
And you know what?
Fall's going to be here right around the corner.
Hockey season.
Pink Whitney.
Get at it.
It's the good stuff.
Posh Biz.
There's some sort of New Jersey bet you wanted to talk about here, Biz?
No, we're not. Listen, we're going to put that on hold.
But this delusional idiot
who's been telling me the future's bright
with the... Okay, Pasha, here's your chance.
We have a bet, too.
Yeah, you're a fucking clown, Biz.
But yeah, Whit and I have a bet as well.
No, Pasha, you're a clown. Pasha, you're a clown.
No, you're the clown.
You are the clown. No, Pasha, what is this? Biz, I want to hear it. I already know he's a clown. I're the clown you are the clown no pasha what is this i want
to hear it i already know i think we should give him two minutes in the box and he can talk and
tell us why we should be sold on this new jersey team that doesn't hasn't done shit for i don't
know how long and all of a sudden i'm supposed to believe that they're oh the future's bright
what's your future they ain't gonna make playoffs the next five fucking years okay so
last year their two biggest problems one was goaltending they had the second worst goaltending
in the nhl behind seattle so that's fucking tough with an 881 say percentage you can't be winning
games yeah blackwood got hurt they got cory crawford to be their backup he retired before
he even played and then he got traded there yeah because he fucking looked at the lineup in front of him. Corey Crawford? No, he signed
there. Oh, yeah. Yeah, I know.
And then he saw them play for a month
and then he said, fuck this. Hand him
my papers. Give me my severance package.
So they were
addressing John Gillies and Nico
Dawes last year and getting shelved. So that's
the biggest problem, which I think they addressed
two things. Blackwood's back and healthy.
I think they're going to give him one last crack to be what he was supposed to be but i think he's on thin ice that's
why they brought in b-tech vanachek who at first thought i remember g sent me the the tweet when
i traded for him i was kind of like uh i was hoping for a guy like kemper one of the bigger
names but once i looked into it vanachek i think he'll be a really solid one b he had the seventh
best five on five safe percentage in the league last year.
So he was right up there with the big dogs.
He's a solid guy.
I'm not saying their goaltending is 10 out of 10,
but it's going to be very much improved from last year
because it literally couldn't have gotten worse.
The second thing is the power play.
They had the fifth worst power play in the league.
They got rid of Mark Reckie.
So that's going to have a new look to it.
And you look at guys like jack hughes he was on
on pace for 94 points yes for brad 73 points and that's on a team that had one of the worst power
plays in the league you know that's not gonna go to number one in the league but even if that comes
up to middle of the pack that's a lot more points that's some more wins for the team so i think those
two things were addressed another thing was grit okay they were not a very great grit factor
they were not a very tough and gritty team they get back miles wood who missed all last year
rocket it's a guy you can fucking skate who can i let him dummy me on only fans oh yeah i would too
they get guys like paula who can score but also can throw the body around brandon smith's a tough
guy so they've gotten bigger they They've gotten a little tougher.
So those are three areas that I think they addressed pretty well.
Obviously, Goudreau would have helped.
Obviously, another one of those big names would have helped.
But I'd like to
So are they making playoffs?
My honest opinion is it's going to come down to the wire,
and it's a coin flip.
Wow.
How many forwards did you mention?
Two forwards?
Who the fuck else they got up front?
Yeah, the Woods bringing the grit, and then they got Jesper Bratt,
and they got Jack Hughes.
They got the lottery team.
They got a lottery team.
It'll be a lottery team, 100.
Hey, you and Frank Detention do a podcast.
If you lick my cornhole on OnlyFans, I'll hold my legs up.
Oh, yeah, you can give Biz the Reebok earrings on OnlyFans
if they're a lottery team. Fuck off. give Biz the Reebok earrings on OnlyFans if they're a lottery team.
What's the Reebok earrings?
Just give her the Reebok earrings.
I've never heard that term.
When your legs are above your head.
That's what they call that?
You could call them the Nikeike earrings you could call him the
hoka earrings for those new hokas people rock around you could call them the louis baton earrings
isn't that a shoe yeah i got i got a couple of those red bottom louis batons the most
uncomfortable shoes i've ever bought in my life yeah i'll put on louitin high heels for you posh we'll get the lubitin earrings going is it
lubitin lubiton lubiton lubiton boys i'll leave it to the devils they're the youngest team in the
league they're 25 years on average youngest team in the league look at the other teams in their
division the oldest teams in the league washington islanders philadelphia pittsburgh are four of the
top six oldest teams okay so? So they're headed downwards.
Devils are headed upwards.
That's why I'm saying in two years when they got that,
when Luke Hughes on the back end, that Simone Nemitz kid,
they drafted second overall.
Those are the two best, two of the top, I'd say,
three or four best D prospects in the league.
I say in two years from now, the window's going to open.
Once Jack Hughes matures more, Bratt matures more, Hughes and Nemitz on the squad.
Remember, in all the prospects, two amazing D prospects, I'll give you that, and Jack Hughes isatures more. Bratt matures more. And remember, though, remember, in all the prospects,
two amazing D prospects, I'll give you that, and Jack Hughes is stud.
They don't have a goalie, dude.
They do not have a goalie.
And when you talk about the window opening, get a goalie,
and then we can talk.
Sure.
Because look at the Rangers and look at all these other teams.
They have goalies. R. Because look at the Rangers and look at all these other teams. They have goalies.
R.A., you busy?
I mean, I saw your game
at the Chicklets Cup in Detroit. I mean,
keep your phone on. You just, the way
that Fitzgerald's been signing
guys, you might end up getting a
seven-year deal at 8 million right behind
You're a fucking joke, dude.
He's done a great job. I'll dust off
the pads. I'll take the Buffalo special biz fucking 750.
I will say, wait, we should talk about our bet
because I want to see what the public thinks about it.
So, Whit and I bet.
I don't love this bet now.
Will Jack Hughes get 100 points in any of the next three seasons?
I say yes.
Whit says no.
I love the posh side there.
I love the posh side.
Wait, you want to take some more action?
I'd jump on with that.
Hey, guys, you guys are making 100 points sound like a fucking walk in the park, dude.
And you know what the biggest part of getting 100 points is?
Staying healthy.
And I haven't seen him able to stay healthy yet.
It makes me look like a non-Jack Hughes fan, which is unfortunate because I actually love the guy's game,
but you just,
if I could take this bet back,
would I?
Yeah.
But I'm still like,
wait a minute.
Pasha was talking about,
Oh,
he's going to get a hundred points.
No problem.
It's like,
dude,
now last year,
so many guys got a hundred points that it was kind of eye opening in a
sense of like,
is that how this,
I think last year it happened because of more fatigue and more breakdowns because the schedule is condensed that's my theory on last
season i just more than anything one i was drinking and two i always want to argue you
and three like the way you made it sound like it was such a guarantee he's getting 100 points i i
i got a little i don't i don't think it's a guarantee. I agree with you. I think health
is the biggest thing.
If it was the next two years, I'd be way more happier.
Three years from now, he might get like 100 points.
I know he ain't doing it this year because he's going down
with a groin injury from plowing all those
rockets at the White Party in the Hamptons.
I saw all of his stories and stuff.
Hey, he's living the
life, that kid. Yeah, you think
all those kids are like Zegers, Caulfield, the Hughes brothers.
Jesus Christ.
I was thinking about OnlyFans selling used Abercrombie shirts.
We should have a separate podcast just talking to these guys about their DMs.
Like what famous checkmark ladies are sliding into their DMs?
I'm sure they'd love to disclose that, right?
I'm sure they're going to sign up for that. they grew a sack and they wanted to grow we'll tell them we'll tell them we'll
never release it look at the nba all of them just crushed the kardashian sisters and all of a sudden
the revenue has been tripled is that mike cylinder was telling us that his son cole's dating that
tate mccray now oh yeah it's a stud oh yeah he's a stud not just, yeah. That kid is a stud. Not just on the ice. Like, I was going through his Instagram.
He's got it going.
So, G, I don't know if you heard the story and R.A., how they met.
I think during an interview, he was asked about who he's crushing on.
And she's a Canadian country singer who's moved down to, what, L.A.
to continue her career?
I think they're both from Saskatoon.
Right.
Okay, so both from Saskatoon.
She's blowing up, though.
She's definitely blowing up right now.
Oh, yeah. He showed me her Instagram, and she's got it she's she's she's a star
and she's got two million followers yeah you could you could see in her video she loves performing
so good for him i hope they get married that's a power couple all right i think we've talked about
the new jersey devils enough uh pasha you're still a scrub although i thank you fuck you i
thank you from the bottom of my heart for all the effort you've put in the past to help grow this podcast.
I appreciate you coming along that journey across Western Canada to vlog the experience.
Pasha is going to be coming back on later in the podcast to talk about some stuff we have done in the past,
which we'll be re-releasing on our Spittin' Chicklets YouTube, as well as those commercials, the Y-Buy commercials that we've had on deck
for about three, four years now.
But we're going to talk some hockey.
So you can take a little stroll, maybe a few down and backs, Pasha,
and we're going to talk hockey, and we'll bring you back on later
and discuss all that shit.
Sounds good, boys. Thanks for having me.
Atta boy, Pasha.
We'll get a buddy in a bit.
Well, I'm in Canada,
as I said earlier, Biz,
and they were celebrating
quite a bit.
Mason McTavish,
the latest world junior hero,
made one of the greatest saves
in, I guess, hockey history.
Just in the crease,
backhands it out.
Canada comes down,
scores, wins the 3-2
in overtime,
beats the Finns.
Just an unreal game.
But is it me,
or did it just seem like
it didn't have the usual buzz?
I know it's August. We're used to having it around christmas time and even up here i was talking
to people and some guys like oh was the game the other night it just didn't seem like there was
many people watching as usual did you get that feeling biz yes so factors involved uh guys who
were drafted very elite players that would have elevated the play didn't participate at the chance
that they can go to training camp and maybe make a team.
Why get injured in August playing in a tournament in which at this point in your career, it doesn't mean enough.
Some people say, oh, represent your guys getting injured before going to the National Hockey League for kind of like a, you know, a makeup tournament.
Not ideal.
you know, a makeup tournament, not ideal. Second thing, price of tickets, which people are forced to buy packages that don't want to show up to round Robin games, like check against, uh, you
know, uh, Slovakia or, or, you know, and no offense to these teams. It's just in the summertime,
people want to get out and see the sun, which in Edmonton only comes out for about three months
of the year. Anyway, they weren't going the round robin games. Even team Canada's games looked a little bit lackluster.
Did they show up in the gold medal game?
It looked awesome.
Incredible atmosphere.
The game was, was, you know, Canada was up to nothing.
They blow the lead.
It ends up going to overtime.
McTavish has a turnover.
It goes back the other way.
Finns almost ended.
And like you said, all right.
One of the, one of the one of the
like the the biggest heritage moments in a world junior for team canada ever and then they go back
down the other way and score awesome finish and great confidence for i mean talk about guys who
potentially might be taking that next step who did end up playing mctavish this guy he's got to be
getting steroid shots in his ass this guy's a full-grown man
playing against boys and uh a great kid ended up going to the they won the ohl championship
with hamilton he ends up going to the mem cup i think they went to the finals lost in the finals
but an awesome kid who i would imagine with the roster they have is able to play for the anaheim
ducks this season so look out for that young roster in Anaheim with the guys that they got.
Who knows?
If they end up being a lottery team and they sneak in Bedard,
that is probably the most up-and-coming team to watch in the National Hockey League.
I just saw...
That's where you could actually say the future is bright,
not like the devil's posture, you fucking moron.
Zegers and Drysdale changed their numbers 46 to 11 for zegras and i don't
know what drysdale was but he's going to number six so they got uh they got they got over those
training camp numbers they give the kids right biz you know it's like oh take this number boom
now they get to pick theirs i'm with you that mctavish it was probably the best save in the
history of the world junior tournament it was nuts it looked like it still like might have gone in and then you saw the
slow motion replay no chance it went in and just an unreal sequence of events i couldn't believe it
i actually just i already it was a joke of a tournament i mean i felt so bad for scouts who
had to go up there in august like why are they even playing that tournament i think the main
reason is all the tv deals that had already been sold and
things like that money already spent. They kind of had to,
but I didn't watch one thing.
And then I turned on the start of the third period of that game and enjoyed it
immensely because that was wild.
I would say another thing too,
just because the last couple of years with COVID these scouts do need to see
these kids play. There was a long period of time.
So the evaluation and who you're going to be drafting,
I think that that's pivotal for the guys who are up for this year
to get that early scouting in,
see how they do against really good competition,
who's been keeping in shape,
and then, of course, moving into the year
where they'll have a full season to scout these kids
to give them the proper grades that they need.
Bobby Mack needs to see these kids play
so he can give us the scout report.
Bobby Mack's crushing Bobby Margarita's on this lake house porch.
Also, no Ruskies either, too.
There was no Russian team.
That probably made it a little bit easier for whoever they would have played.
Shout out to Kent Johnson on the game.
What would have been wild?
I was watching the game.
If that goal counted, and I was like, oh, my God, if Canada scores here,
but that Finland goal actually counted, it would have been insane because they would have had to go back. And I was like, oh, my God, if Canada scores here, but that Finland goal actually counted, it would have been insane
because they would have had to go back.
And if that crossed the line, it would have been the biggest
fucking song in world juniors history.
And as Whit said, if my aunt had a cock, she'd be my uncle.
Exactly.
There you go, buddy.
All right, moving right along.
Nazem Khadri finally signed.
He ends up signing with Calgary.
Seven years, 49 million.
He's got a no-move clause for the first four years,
a modified no-trade clause for the last three. The Avs reportedly offered him four years, 49 million. He's got a no move clause for the first four years, a modified no trade clause
for the last three. The Avs reportedly offered him four years, 24 mil. The Islas apparently
offered the same deal as the Flames. Flames obviously needed some cap room, so they traded
Sean Monaghan in a conditional first to Montreal for future considerations. He's got one year left
at 6.375. And then they extended Jonathan Huberdeau, eight uh eight years 84 mil comes out to 10.5 AAV
so Calgary loses Kachuk, Goudreau and Monaghan they add Huberdo, Kadri and Uyghur for at least
this one year I know a lot of people are they're better they better this year better than last year
is that kind of a foolish argument or do you think there's some validity to it we'll go to you
I think there's some big-time validity to it I looked looked at it. I kind of think Huberto and Goudreau are pretty close to, like, fair tradeoffs.
You know what I mean?
In terms of losing Goudreau and gaining Huberto, both elite playmakers,
100-point guys.
Maybe take Huberto.
I don't know.
That one's tough.
Kadri and Kachuk, I think Kachuk's a better player,
mainly because he's younger mainly
because I think he's a little better offensively obviously Kadri had a huge year last year but he's
on the best team in the league by a mile so in the end I would say that Calgary maybe isn't as good
but what they did with how it looked for a minute there shout out to Brad Tree Living because he's
done a phenomenal job
now i don't know if they can get wieger re-signed with the fucking locker room they have and the
view of him seeing that dump of a locker room oh my god it looked like one of the comments is it's
a junior b room it's like what i'd rather get dressed in the closet our age in right now
hey leave greg's office alone he's a good one. No offense, Greg.
But Kadri to go there, it makes the Battle of Alberta reborn in a sense
that when they lost both those guys this summer, I was like, oh, man,
we might really truck them all year.
And now it's like, holy shit, like you lost Kachuk,
but you gained another frigging devil out on the ice in in cadre and
i was so surprised i thought as this cadre thing went on and on it was going to be the same when
um it was paul mary and somebody else signing the islanders and i thought the islanders are
going to announce his signing in like two weeks remember they did that remember lou did that make
i don't remember the other guy with paul mary it was parise as well. Yeah, you're right.
I was surprised by Calgary.
I know, Biz, maybe you've mentioned it to me or I'd read it,
but still, I did not see that coming.
For Huberto to sign that extension without even playing there,
I was kind of surprised by that too.
Let's be real here. I think that that was such a good price where he's like fuck i'm probably
not gonna i basically have to have a season like last year given my age to match that why not just
sign the deal now and then who knows maybe you know down the road in a couple years once the
teams maybe if they are heading in the wrong direction he can ask out at that point but just
going back to tree living what he's able to do to revive this team
where the heart of the team was literally ripped out of its chest,
come free agency, and he fucking replaced it.
He completely replaced it.
And you could even argue that the team overall got better.
And I'm not saying that.
I do agree with you.
I think that Kachuk at this age
and what he was able to do last year
is a superior player.
But you're also paying him
over 2 million more.
And you're also addressing,
if you're Calgary,
the strength down the middle
where now you got Lindholm
as the one center
and then you got Kadri
as a second center,
you know, much like he kind of
had to play
in colorado where we both know that or we all know that if if caudry has those type of matchups
he can also worry about killing penalties and adding to the power play and helping out with
the other intangibles that he brings as as as even a shutdown guy buddy for seven million bucks when
the cap goes up in three years when people idiots idiots online were trying to say that this is going to turn
into a bad deal, keep fucking smoking whatever you're smoking.
This is a tremendous deal to land a guy and revive your team
to give them hope that they can go, not even repeat what they did last year,
but fucking go past the Oilers.
They're better than the Oilers now.
Well, I wouldn't go that far, but I wouldn't go that far.
On top of that, they add another defenseman in which they didn't have.
I say that the two guys up front are the guys that they replaced with.
I would say it's dead. Even Huberto had over a hundred points last year.
I think he finished top five and scoring him and Goudreau.
Even I just talked about what the Caudry brings.
Okay.
Let's give slight edge to Kachuk in that one.
And maybe what he brings,
but Caudry Scott,
that same fire in his belly and irritates opposing players.
Probably he does,
but he doesn't have the offensive side that Kachuk has.
He does.
It's good,
but it's not what Kachuk has,
but in terms of the ratness.
Yes. But, but then you would what Kachuk has. But in terms of the ratness, yes.
But then you would also look on the defensive side of it
where I would say that Kadri adds more to keeping the puck out of your net,
so it becomes a wash.
Now you get  you saw how tough of a time they had in playoffs
when they lost Tanev.
Goudreau come on and addressed it.
So now you  look at who you got.
You got Hannafin.
You got Wieger. You got hannifin you got wieger you got tan
of you got anderson that is a solid top four and shillington who can fucking move and he's young
and he's just going to get better this team is just as good if not better i am so fired up and
who knows i'm not saying it's going to happen but we may in fact run back that bet next year.
Buddy.
Oh yeah.
Oh yeah.
About 500 tweets.
Redo the battle.
Like,
dude,
I can't, I can't go.
It was a stressful time.
It was a stressful time.
Let's talk.
Let's talk around Thanksgiving.
You know,
the thanks America Thanksgiving is a,
is a big time basis point or whatever the fuck the term is for the NHL season.
So let's just cap it off with a double-barrel wrister
to Brad Tree Living.
Yeah, great job.
Put the mascara on.
Welcome back, Flames fans.
Maybe now the city will step up
and pay for the fucking cement for the sidewalks
and get them a new rink and a new locker room
so they can keep locking up these free agents.
Brad Tree Living, the fact that he did that with that locker room,
he should fucking get, he should win GM of the Year right now.
Right now.
Considering the lack of leverage with Kachuk that he pulled that off,
very impressive.
So if you're a Flames fan, man, you were crying a while back
and now you're looking pretty good.
Speaking of the Flames legend, Mike Vernon will be joining us a little later.
We talked to him a while back.
Conn Smythe, two-time cup winner with Detroit
and Calgary, but we got a few more notes to get
to as well. My team,
the Bruins, they're getting the band back together
for one last kick at the can. Everybody
was waiting on Krejci, Bergeron.
I guess they talked over Lake Como.
Tuca's wedding, by the way, looked like a fucking absolute
slobber knocker. He was tearing it up at the dance
floor. Krejci, one year,
one mil. Bergeron, one year, one mil bourgeois and one year,
2.5 mil.
And I,
I honestly,
I got a text from somebody who doesn't send me bullshit that,
that Looch could be coming back.
Cause.
Oh my God.
Hold up.
Calgary had,
had to get rid of dough,
but they dumped Monahan's money.
Now.
I don't know if that's still going to happen or if it was how much in
process it was,
but the Calgary Stoney 2 million,
2 million below the cap.
If they need a little bit more room, I don't know Stoney, 2 million, 2 million below the cap.
If they need a little bit more room,
I don't know,
man,
I would love to see it happen.
I know Luchi is happy today, but he does have a modified,
no trade clause.
So he,
you know,
he's not,
he can't not get traded if they want to trade him to dump his salary.
But the Bruins got pushed around so fucking much.
The last two playoffs,
it sickens me to watch the guys get face washed,
but I don't want anyone fighting.
I would rather see my grandparents sex tape than Bergeron drop his fucking gloves because
I don't want to see that at all. He's not going to be fighting.
I'll make you a promise. If they get
back, Lucic, I'll fuck my mattress
on OnlyFans. Yes.
And I'll pop a 20 milligram
Cialis before I do it. We'll do it. Yeah, I would
do that too if I were you. Maybe they make it
look a little bigger than it actually is. Yeah.
Listen, I did
want to shout out quickly.
We quickly glanced over.
Great job by Ken Hughes in Montreal to grab a first rounder
and take on one year of Monaghan's deal.
That was phenomenal work by him.
And in terms of the Bruins, it's weird.
It's like, it's awesome.
Krejci's coming back and the Bergerons get the one more year.
And who knows about Lucic?
But I mean, they're not even a lock to make the playoffs.
The fucking team, half the team's going to be out till Christmas,
it seems like, or at least November.
You got Marchand coming off injury.
You got McAvoy coming off surgery.
You got Grizzly coming off surgery.
Yes, Krejci will be back.
Burschard will be back, but after that, I mean, maybe they get in.
Maybe they're able to kind of tread water.
The team gets healthy as
the as 2023 comes they go on a run they get in the playoffs you never know but it's also tough
as a bruins fan to look if you're if you're a diehard season tick holder and say oh what'd you
do this offseason oh we brought back a 38 year old that used to play for us i mean it's like they
didn't really do anything yeah i think you should get shanked in the streets of Boston
for being so kind of negative about this topic.
I'm being honest.
I'm not a Bruins fan.
You don't think there's Bruins fans out there disappointed with the offseason?
How could you be possibly upset about the fact that your captain
and leader came back at the discount he came back at?
That's great.
Which, I mean, you want to dive into Bergeron?
What does that make you feel as a fan, R.A.,
when this guy says, I'll take 2.5 million to come back,
probably ensures that Krejci's coming back,
although that probably had a lot to do with the fact
that Bruce Cassidy wasn't back.
And I think that more of those types of rumblings
seem to be coming out as to the reason
why Krejci ended up leaving.
He actually poo-pooed that in his press conference. He said,
no, it had nothing to do with that. He said
Cassidy had no bearing on it. And I don't know if he had
his mind made before that, but I guess
Bergeron said to him in Italy, like, let's want to go
one more time. And he said, yeah, no, I don't know if that was
the last thing he heard to make him
sign, but he pretty much
shit on that Cassidy stuff. Because Cassidy didn't like the young guys.
He didn't have a really problem with the veterans.
So I think he just wanted to play over and check for a year.
And listen, the guy still agreed to this when they were crippled on the dance floor.
Yeah. When two.
Do you see ruins diehard Grinnelli's hat?
We have to go back and give it a go.
Gee, what are you going to say?
I know you want to jump in there a second ago.
I was just going to say I'm 100 on Biz's side.
There was nothing else this team could have done this offseason.
Like, what else could they have done that could have made this team better
than what they have going into next season?
Well, other than maybe locking pasta, which seems to be the big question here.
That's next.
That's what you've got to do next. But if you're a Bruins fan, you've got to be the the the big question here that's next that's what you got
to do next but if you're a bruins fan you got to be excited the fact that they've they've learned
from the past where they understand that like mackaboy they paid him like he that he didn't
really have to take a hometown discount at what he'd done and accomplished so i i think that
they're going to know and once that if this is in fact uh bergeron and Bergeron and Krejci's last year,
they will have that money to pay pasta and kind of refuel.
I'm just excited because the topic of bringing the band back together
was really focused on Pittsburgh and what they were able to do.
I look at these two teams as comparable where we're going into,
I would say a little bit bigger window for Pittsburgh,
probably two more years to try to lock in their fourth cup,
which we'll get to Gino's birthday cake for his kid in probably another five minutes.
But to bring back Krejci, you've got your second-line center,
bumps Coyle back down to third line, very respectable third-line center.
Then, of course, you've got that line, the big dogs who are going to be back together,
who know each other.
They're like the Sedins.
They know where each other are going to be on the ice non-stop you got swam in the
goaltending and we and we already know what's going on with the decor and i don't care who
thinks they overpaid for lynn lynn home lynn home lynn home yeah lynn home but they have a very
competent top four with some great lunch bucket style players in the third and fourth line positions and their bottom pairing D.
So I,
everybody,
everybody loves to bring up the age factor.
Now,
RA experience is a good thing.
Great.
Some teams have better legs and they're fresher out there,
dude.
If anything,
those injuries where these guys won't be playing hockey in the first two,
three months of the season is going to benefit them.
They're going to be all horned up to get it, get after it after Christmas time.
And I think that this team could go on another run.
I think they have. OK, just remember their division.
Tampa, Florida, Toronto, fucking Buffalo's better.
Ottawa's better. You fucking guys sound like the biggest homers.
This is the Jack Edwards podcast with
Ryan Whitney on the back end.
What the fuck am I listening to right now?
I mean, they're a way better team than
Ottawa. They played in Czech League last
year. It's like the fucking
Southern Professional League.
I went to the EIHL
for a few months. Yeah, and then you were
doing a podcast a year later.
He was hardly as stiff, though, two years ago.
He was still playing at a high level.
I mean, they got a great one-two punch up the middle.
It's, I don't know, what, top five, top seven in the league, maybe, for centers.
And, you know, you don't have no disrespect to Hall, but, you know, I don't think he was ideal for a 2C role in the Bruins.
I think Montgomery's a big deal, too, because I think he's a great coach that guys really like playing for.
So I'd like to see my boy Wags
get a chance they sent him down to Providence
all year maybe get a little muscle on the fourth
line with him R.A. yeah they
need some man because you can't be getting bitched around like
that I mean look at nobody mess with Goudreau and
Kachuk during the playoffs you know you got
Luchas is a deterrent man you just guys
don't fuck with a guy like him on the bench whatever
line he's on I love the idea R.A. I love
the idea yeah and do a. I love the idea.
And do a Pavel Zak, another guy they got from Pasha's team, Jersey.
That's all. He can go anywhere in the top nine.
Bring it on with that losing culture. Get rid of them.
So anyways, we'll see what happens there.
A couple more things to get to before we get to Mike Vernon.
Defenseman John Klingberg signed with Anaheim.
Just a one year deal for seven mil.
He was UFA, a bit of an eyebrow raiser.
But prior to signing, he had fight his longtime agent, Petereter wallen he's now repped by newport sports management but
why why do guys fire agents basically because they're just not getting the most money biz
what's the reason no because well so i don't know how his situation played out but in some cases
when you talk to agents if you are a high caliber player what they do is they look at the
free agent pool that's available i would say overall the defenseman free agent pool this
offseason was very soft so based on points and and prior play i think that his agent probably said
listen don't sign whatever dallas is going to offer you you're going to go to the open market
and you're probably going to get seven years around 7 million, 8 million
would be what you would probably see for a competent top four defenseman
who can run a power play.
Only issue here, we're getting into very interesting times
with the cap crunch.
I would say this is probably going to be the last year
where it truly is affecting
teams to where they're jammed up. Maybe you could give it one more year. And then with the TV deals
kicking in, I think, and then of course them collecting all that money that they lost during
COVID and getting back to square and less escrow for the players. I think you're going to see the
cap start jumping up in the, you know, three, 4 million a year range, rather than what you've been seeing it like the half a million, a million or a million and a half range.
So my assumption is, is, and I don't know if this has came out, Dallas offered him a pretty decent contract, probably maybe in the six year, 6 million type range.
And there you go.
And, and, and, and, and I don't know, I'm speaking
as if though, this is probably why I fired his agent. He holds out, waits for free agency.
And then all of a sudden he's holding his dick in his hand and he probably can't get more than
a three, four year deal at, you know, 5 million, maybe 6 million. So you look at how much money was left on the table based on maybe the
agents being in his ear, telling him, no, wait this out.
And you're going to get paid. That is my only,
that's my only theory on why he canned his agent before he ended up getting
this deal.
Obviously a very fun place to land in where you're living in good weather,
but the team's not going to be very good
he's got a hope to go have a huge career year and maybe make back some of that money that he's lost
but if you had to ask me if he let's say he was offered a seven or eight year deal at six six and
a half million he'll never be able to make up money that he turned down regardless of how he plays for the rest of his, his career.
And the reason I say that is because he's simply just not good enough
defensively to,
to be able to rely to pay a guy as much as he would have gotten in Dallas
earlier on in the season.
And defensively, he's probably going to be what's the term when you're kind
of this year on a bad team, right? You're going to be  what's the term when you're kind of
this year on a bad team, right?
You're going to see him exposed maybe a little bit, right?
Because Dallas wasn't a great team this past year,
but Anaheim's probably going to struggle.
And power play will be great.
He got to play behind  I know Haskinen was out with Mono for a little bit,
but he got to play with other competent defenders,
so he wasn't really relied upon with those matchups,
and he could hide a little bit more in Dallas
than he will be able to in Anaheim.
Definitely a victim, though, of the cap not going anywhere
and COVID creating that flat cap system.
Yeah, but as an agent, you fucking got to know that.
Say to him, say, buddy, sign this deal,
and if it's not
working out in a year or two they'll i mean hey they'll buy you out but look i mean here's another
example of a guy who's in anaheim i believe that shattenkirk signed a pretty good deal
he took the money then he ended up getting bought out but when you when you're a great offensive
defenseman and and you're you know a good guy in the locker room you're gonna get bought out at
two-thirds your salary.
And now he gets to play for a couple million bucks in an awesome place and
still remain in the league. If you're a good player,
you're still going to remain in the league.
You might get bought out because of the money that you're making,
but just secure your fucking bag, man. That's it.
And I will say though, biz, I guess like we should,
we should warn or say it is hearsay what I heard he was offered.
So I don't want to say that that's a definite thing.
I know for a fact that he was offered seven times, like six or seven.
But when you hear it rumbling around,
it is shocking to see a guy end up with a one-year deal.
It's like, you know, that's close to 30, 35 million that you leave hanging.
Buddy, from halfway through the season,
which I think that we can all agree,
we heard rumblings that Dallas had offered something
and that they were far apart.
Then he became trade bait potentially at the deadline.
I think Dallas was on the cusp of making playoffs,
so they decided to keep him because it probably wasn't worth
what the return was in a trade.
And who knows maybe
they were going to be able to work something out in that period of time but didn't so i just think
that he drastically overplayed his hand and halsey's our buddy i think after he ended up
winning the heart he was offered a significant significant contract um by new jersey i don't
know if it was enough to keep him there or he i don't know what the reason was as to why he didn't end up taking it. He took the gamble on himself and ended up going
to Buffalo because when he did hit free agency, given all the circumstances, he wasn't offered.
And I don't think anywhere close to what he had been offered in New Jersey. So he bet on himself,
took the one year deal in Buffalo. I want to say at nine or 10 million, and then look at how that
went. And I'm not like the good news is, is he ended up in Boston and signed a four-year deal at 6 million and ended
up in a place where he's happy. But we, we all know that Taylor Hall's not ever going to make
the money that he left on the table in which he turned down. And you see many examples of guys
sometimes playing over playing their hand and Hey man, it, man, it ain't my life,
and if you have the balls to roll the dice, roll the dice.
But I tend to take a little bit more of the conservative approach.
He just got married too, right, Ozzy?
He's on his honeymoon right now.
His wife is an absolute missile.
I would hope so with his frigging lips.
I saw he's traveling the world on the honeymoon right now.
Good for him.
Congrats.
Congrats on your
I tell you how he can make up some of that money.
Our lip gloss line.
No, not only  our lip gloss line.
Hit me up, Paul.
Yeah.
All right, boys.
A few more notes here before we get to Mr. Vernon.
Vegas goalie Robin Leonard is going to miss next season due to hip surgery.
And Vegas is also going to be without Nolan Patrick to start the year.
He's going to be on LTI.
I obviously have the concussion issues.
Don't wish those guys the best hate to see those guys out.
Montreal goalie,
Carrie price is quote unlikely to play this season.
He had that knee surgery back in 2021 and he hasn't responded to
treatment.
So he's going to go on long-term injured reserve as well.
He's got a 10.5 million cap hit.
He's still got four more,
four more years left on that deal.
It's crazy to think you'll probably never see Carey Price play in the NHL again.
And, you know, not to jump ahead,
but holy fuck was that guy an amazing hockey player.
And I'm guessing the guy's got no cartilage in his knee.
Who knows at this point, but to know he's not going to play this year.
You can't imagine another year he's playing and it's just wild to think that it can kind of
end all that quickly when you were that amazing of a player you're that good of a run on such a
storied franchise i was really happy he was able to to get that bubble i know it was it was a great
send-off if this is the end of of carrie's career. And just, like, to hear his teammates and the way they talk about him.
Brandon Gallagher does a great job with the media.
And just the praise that they give him about, you know,
everything that he's been through and the mental strength
and how awesome of a teammate he is and a perfect example.
And, like, even when, you know, Carey Price has to talk about political issues talk about the indigenous community uh just he is just a 10 out of 10 guys uh in my
opinion a hall of famer and uh it it would it would be very very sad to to not uh to not see
him play hockey again although if that is the case i'm really looking forward to the send-off
that canadian fans will give him when he does retire.
I think that his jersey number goes to the rafters for the Canadians.
It's so hard.
Do guys who didn't win a cup?
Yeah, that franchise, I think the standard might be a little different.
But at the same time, he was top-tier goalie for a long time.
That's an interesting question.
Keep in mind, I'd have Shane Dope in the Hockey Hall of Fame.
Yeah, I think you're in the Hall of Fame, though. Yeah, I think you're... If you're in the Hall of Fame,
if you're in the Hockey Hall of Fame,
you've been on one team the whole time,
they kind of have to retire your jersey.
Yeah.
No statue, though. No statue.
Yeah, statues, you've got to save them for, you know,
like a Mario Lemieux-type stuff.
Carolina forward Max Pacioretty,
who they acquired recently in a trade,
he's going to miss six months after Achilles tendon surgery.
I guess he had tore it working out.
So get well soon, Max.
Want to get him back out there for Carolina.
New York Rangers defenseman Jacob Truba gets to see for captaincy.
No surprise here.
He's the 28th captain in team history, the 12th defenseman to wear it,
and the first since Ryan McDonough was traded back in 2018.
There are now three captains that are defensemen in the NHL.
Do you know who the other two are?
Okay, hold on, hold on, hold on, hold on.
It wasn't the sheet.
It was you.
Oh, shit, dude.
This is not jumping to me quick right now.
Yeah, me neither.
Fuck.
All right.
We can come back to it if you want.
Come on, Whit.
Drew Doughty, is he captain?
No.
Come on.
Don't say Kopitar, you donkey.
I know.
Jesus Christ, Whit.
What the hell?
Do they still consider Shea Weber?
Like, is that one of them?
No, no.
Okay.
Two active guys.
We've both had him on the show in the past.
One's an absolute man rocket.
The other guy, he's a good looking tool, but he's not as good looking.
Oh, Yossi?
Got him first.
The other guy, one of our recent interviews
wasn't the last season wasn't a full it wasn't a full-blown like rick from red beers kicking his
fucking steering wheel right now because we can't get this captain is a defense and we interviewed
yeah no on one of our road trips right around the turn of the calendar come on all right just tell us jared spurgeon god oh i would we could
have been here for six more i mean i'm telling you right now sorry spurge the worst part about
that is i said oh the wild no ryan suitor isn't there anymore i didn't hear that ouch okay that
was my head that was a head conversation hey we have a we've been off we've been off work man come on a little rusty a little rusty uh because i know i know you want
to mention the island there's a lot of people all over them they didn't sign any ufas although
they did re-up um noah dobson three years 12 mil and they did sign alexander romanoff who they got
in a trade with montreal uh but lou said there's no disappointment with where we're at because we
feel very good about who we are but But we could have made drastic changes.
I say that with culpability.
I say that with confidence.
And we're looking forward to getting back at it
and maybe proving everybody wrong.
I don't know.
Sounds like the Islanders are going to be very good.
Was he there to be a Malficosa with you, Grinelli?
Sounds like Lou's losing a step.
Seems like he's maybe not taking it as seriously as he once was.
Not one single free agent.
And then to give it the, I think our, you know,
I like who we are
as a roster when they were as bad as they were last they're gonna be a fucking good team man
their whole season was the biggest collaboration of bad luck that i've ever seen a team have they
had to start the whole season on the road they all got covid no canceled games And then all of a sudden they started canceling every team's games when guys
get COVID.
There was no chance they could come back.
The roster the year before had gone to the Eastern Conference Finals.
Actually, both years before.
The Islanders are very good and will be very good this year.
And I'm telling you right now, you can talk all you want about the goaltender
for the New York Rangers, but fucking Sorokin is sick in Long Island.
And I'm telling you,
the Islanders are going to be a team to be reckoned with this season.
Oh my God.
When did you turn into an Islander?
Simple.
When I realized how much a scumbags the Rangers fans were.
Oh,
Hey,
okay.
So we glanced over the Truba thing.
That's why I despise that fan base.
Half of them are bitching online that it wasn't this guy or it wasn't that guy.
Shut the fuck up.
With the elbows that Trouba was throwing in playoffs last year,
he deserved to see.
And I don't know how many of you watched the press conference he had.
It was more of a questionnaire period.
And just hearing the way that he talked about his wife
and all the sacrifices she made, and he started crying.
Everything that came out of his mouth solidified exactly
why he should be captain of the New York Rangers.
And you want those other guys, those stars,
to more worry about their play, not having to lead the locker room.
Truba was the perfect pick.
When Fox came in, it took the pressure off of him offensively.
And I think he settled into exactly the player that everybody expected him to
be and probably even surpass people's expectations on how physical that he can
play given his size. Cause sometimes, you know,
players get a little, you know, a little point obsessive and they,
he got his fucking contract.
He settled in perfectly and he's a fucking force
to be reckoned with and now he's the leader of the new york rangers and i couldn't be happier
for the guy we got it we got to get him on the podcast although i don't know if uh oh they're
not allowed yeah with with me and dolan going at it because i call them the fugazis hey gee
uh does the barstool sportsbook app have um nhL teams over under for points this season up yet?
I don't believe they have it up yet, but they usually do.
I can't wait to see the Islanders.
Biz, real quick, to stick with the Islanders, a little over a month ago, you made a prediction and you said that the New York Islanders will make the Eastern Conference Finals easily.
Has that changed now that they didn't make any free agent offseason?
No, buddy, 100 it did. 100 it did. finals easily has that changed now that they didn't make any free agent offseason no but buddy
100 it did 100 it did i thought they were before free agency i said it right before free agency i
said i said they're they got some money to work with here lose pretty cheap they still got one
year of barzell at seven million which is a deal they don't have to sign him till till the next
offseason which given lou they'll probably
drag it out to last minute and then not announce it till three months later right at training camp
that they fucking sign the guy but to not bring in anybody i just i i think that's preposterous
to not make up for your massive massive mistake of trading devon pabes one of the best defensemen
in the league now i know he's playing with a car and blah, blah, blah, blah, blah
for two second rounders to not make up for that mistake
and then go to the Amalfi Coast
to hang out with Grinelli in the offseason
instead of getting anybody signed in free agency.
Yeah, I'm coming off my stance.
I don't even know if they're going to make playoffs now.
Oh, hot take central there.
As far as Trou true but they basically said
he's we're in mid-season form r.a. more or less than this the de facto captain they said he's
basically been the captain the last couple years unofficially so that the team they were all
supported like to go to your point about the fans true but being oh yeah he's basically been the
captain as far as his role in the locker room and leadership and all that stuff so no real surprise
there uh patrick kane rumors if i'm not a huge rumor guy apparently his camp is quote unquote the locker room and leadership and all that stuff. So no real surprise there. Patrick Kane rumors.
I'm not a huge rumor guy.
Apparently his camp is quote unquote undecided about requesting a trade.
The key pair in the oil is named mentioned.
I don't know if there's validity to it.
There's 6 million cap right now.
I don't know how they're going to add 10 million more.
Not many teams can.
He's going to get traded.
I think it's going to happen much closer to the deadline. I can't see a team grabbing this guy before Thanksgiving
or even Christmas.
If you don't think Kyle Dubas is going to work his magic
and get Patrick Kane over to the Toronto Maple Leafs,
you're out of your fucking mind.
The rumblings have started,
and people are talking about the cap space there as well.
You're going to see one of the greatest,
if not right now as it stands,
the greatest U.S. hockey player to ever play the game past the torch over to Austin
Matthews in his final couple seasons.
I think it's going to happen.
I think he's going to he's going to probably resign after the 10 million
he's making and take a hometown discount, just like Giordano did, just
like everybody else's hometown discount.
He's American.
How's that?
B.C. Bud Biz.
It's great.
As in the hometown, as in playing toronto and loving it so much and playing with his buddy yeah yeah i got you i
got you did i catch a niner they need another 10 million dollar contract yeah you mentioned
i gino malkin's kids birthday cake the lion king thing that was how much did that cost thousand
dollars to well i we didn't get witt's opinion on where he thinks Patrick Kane's going.
I already said he's going to Buffalo.
He's going back home.
That's the hometown discount.
Buffalo Sabres are going to celebrate a Stanley Cup championship
with Patrick Kane after the Buffalo Bills celebrate
a Super Bowl championship with Josh Allen.
The city of Buffalo is buzzing,
and it's on a trajectory straight to the moon.
I'm telling you, both of those teams,
everyone knows the Bills are already amazing.
The Sabres are going to be sick.
Did you hear Ocposo telling us about them?
I felt bad.
I didn't even want to say to Ocposo,
how are you going to get in the lineup?
This fucking team's loaded.
Witt, who wins a cup first,
the Sabres or the Maple Leafs?
The
Sabres? Are you kidding
me?
The Leafs will never win a cup.
You sound like Pasha right now.
No, I don't. Everything I say
about the Leafs happens. Every single
thing I've said about the Leafs
since this podcast began and
R.A. and I were sitting on his couch has come true about the Leafs.
I'm not even exaggerating.
I've never been wrong about one thing about the Leafs.
You've been wrong about everything.
Everything.
So busy about that birthday cake.
What I was curious about. I didn't see this can i see this
somewhere sorry guys um gee can you get the link over to him yeah i went to malcolm's instagram
and it's not on before all right before we left for break i think we mentioned how preposterous
evgeny malkin uh throws birthday parties a few years ago he had all these like random dudes. He probably got on the Russian Craigslist to dress up in full gear other than skates at his kid's birthday party in full Penguins gear.
One of them had a Malkin jersey on.
One of them had a Crosby jersey on.
One of them had a Kunitz jersey on.
I don't know what other players were there.
And I think they were just like standing around the yard as this party went on, playing their positions up and down the wing.
And I think they were just like standing around the yard as this party went on, playing their positions up and down the wing.
Now, Malkin posts an Instagram photo of his son's birthday cake.
And I think we're all aware during his tenure with that core group of players, they've won three Stanley Cup, three Stanley Cups. They won the one I want to say in Malkin's third or fourth year.
Then they got the back of the back.
and malcolm's third or fourth year then they got the back of the back they have a lion king themed cake and that monkey that holds up the what's the lion simba yeah correct yes instead of simba this
cake is amazing it's a fourth stanley cup it's a fourth buddy i was talking about the the the
bringing it back boston this has me so hyped up for the Pittsburgh Penguins season.
Malkin's smoke show wife's looking at him.
He's just looking away.
Here's a bet for you.
I bet you Malkin gets 100 points this season.
You don't get a cake like that for your kid with a fourth Stanley Cup
predicting it without showing up.
He had knee surgery last offseason.
He didn't come back till what, like halfway through the year last year?
He wasn't himself.
Made a lot of like costly turnovers.
Just didn't look.
He didn't have his mojo.
I think Malkin's mojo is coming back and it starts with the birthday cake.
Biz, you mentioned Pittsburgh there.
You seem very hyped about them to
start the season maybe we should do a uh a little bit of a live show there to start the year what
do you think of that we're talking about this right now oh get me to pittsburgh i want to oh
no no i i thought we were holding this information yeah oh no it can come out baby all right to
pittsburgh all right i'll hand it you, buddy, because you're good with the announcements.
We're going to Pittsburgh? This is news to me, dude.
I thought we were going somewhere else.
I didn't know we were going.
This is all news to me.
Oh, my God.
My heart is fucking racing.
I'm going back.
I haven't been back.
We usually wait until we finalize all the details, but we're about nine. We're about birth control. 99.9 going to be kicking off the season in Pittsburgh to do a live show,
to hit up some bars, to do appearances, to do some, we're going to watch.
We're going to do a sandbag on top of it.
I'm not going to say anything other than this.
The biggest announcement in chicklets history will happen live in Pittsburgh for our first live show in the last three years.
Some of you are thinking, oh, my God, are you guys going to get a mic and sound system to work?
We are going to go to a professional venue and there will be no mic issues.
We're not going to have any mic issues like Chicago.
Dallas wasn't that bad.
Maybe some people at the back of the room were struggling to hear it but
we have a professional place that will have adequate sound for everybody we're going to
throw a fucking banger and talk about the biggest surprise in spit and trickles history
to open up the season in Pittsburgh they got a game how about this kicker, too? On Thursday, October, is it 12th?
11th or something, I think.
11th.
They open up the season against the Arizona Coyotes.
Oh, that's a 6-0 win.
Two dimes on Pittsburgh.
And then on the Saturday, they have a second home game to kick off the season
against the Tampa Bay Lightning.
So we will be there the entire weekend.
And on Sunday, we'll probably be going to the Tampa Bay Buccaneers.
We'll be visiting the Steelers.
So it is going to be a jam-packed weekend to kick off the season.
You got to get Jersey Jerry to come, maybe.
Let's do it.
I've been back to Pittsburgh one time since I was traded.
Everyone knows I went back as a member of the Anaheim Duck.
I was minus four.
We got stroked off in Mellon Arena.
I've never even been to their new building.
Never seen it.
Never stepped foot in it.
So the fact we're actually going back to Pittsburgh.
Oh, my God.
East Carson Street biz.
You know how many special guests we're going to have show up for that one?
Oh, my God.
It's going to be the best to to kick off a season for the
mood right now i can't even talk right now i got goosebumps i'm so excited for this my heart rate's
about 180 like whitback i love being surprised just like the listeners are i'm so happy right
now it's not a long flight for me ah yeah i'm i'm shocked i thought we were going to another city
but i'm fine i haven't been to pittsburgh since i drank out of the stanley cup back in 2009 so i'll be looking forward to it
this whole podcast is coming back full circle it really is it's kind of kind of crazy but boys
you think we should send it to mike vernon right about now it's yeah we should have a
little bit i think we should send it over to who a guy who probably should be on the hall of fame
two stanley cups cons might want to enjoy mike vernon well before we send it to mike vernon You probably should be on the Hall of Fame. Two Stanley Cups, consummate winner. Enjoy Mike Vernon.
Well, before we send it to Mike Vernon,
we want to let you know that his interview is brought to you by Sling TV.
Sling TV has something for everyone.
All your favorite shows on your favorite channels,
all right at your fingertips.
What you watch is up to you.
It really just depends on what kind of mood you're in.
So if you're looking for sports,
Sling's got you covered with pro and college basketball and football, hockey soccer golf racing and so much more sling also has reality tv so you can keep up with the latest gossip with today's hottest shows on channels like tlc bravo mtv and more
you're feeling adventurous explore thousands of movies and shows on demand. So what kind of mood are you in?
No matter what your answer, Sling has what you need.
And getting Sling is so easy.
You sign up and you start watching in just five minutes.
You can stream on any device and record up to 50 hours with included DVR space.
And the best part is you can pause or customize your subscription at any time.
So check out sling.com for more special offers.
Sling, the TV you love for a price you love.
Try us today.
And now enjoy Mike Vernon.
It's a real pleasure to welcome our next guest to the show.
A third round draft pick by the Calgary Flames at the 1981 draft.
This goalie was one of the best in the NHL during the duration of his 19 season career
spent with the Flames, Red Wings, Sharks, and Panthers. He won Stanley Cups with Calgary in
1989 and Detroit in 1997, where he also won the Conn Smythe Trophy for playoff MVP. In 2007,
the Flames retired as number 30, and hopefully the Hockey Hall of Fame comes a call in one of
these years for this very worthy candidate. Thanks a ton for joining us on the Spit and Chicklets podcast.
Mike Vernon, how you doing, Mike?
Good.
Thank you for that very nice introduction.
Nice tire pump, eh?
Does that bring back some memories or what, just here in R.A.?
Describe your career to everyone.
Yeah, it kind of gives you a little uh chills down your spine and uh
it was interesting the other day i did a a piece for espn and they were all they're talking about
was uh the the battle in detroit the fight at the joe i guess it was so uh yeah they bring back good
memories all that stuff are you still in Calgary these days?
Yes.
Are you retired from the real estate game, or are you still working?
I still involved in the real estate game a bit.
I work for a company in town, a sign company,
and have a couple other little ventures on the go.
I always get curious because guys, when they retire,
a good amount still like to do you know
shinny hockey or skate with their buddies goalies it seems though they're done they're done putting
the pads on have you ever played like hockey after your career as a goalie or even out skating as a
forward or defenseman yeah we uh i participated in the outdoor game uh with the Montreal Canadiens and Calgary Flames I I don't know when what year that
was it was a long time ago anyway uh I started getting in that and playing and things like that
and uh I just to get ready for that game and uh I played the game and after I said I'll never do
this again I said the guys might be a lot slower, but with the new sticks, they could still shoot the puck.
And my reflexes aren't that good.
So I was basically swearing and cussing at the boys during the warm up.
They were fighting at my ears and things like that.
So it's a bad feeling.
And I know a lot of ex-goaltenders, they go play out and things like that
and try to live that dream.
But I did that for a couple of years with Shinny,
and then I just packed it all in.
You were a goalie at an interesting time, Mike.
I mean, the position essentially got revolutionized while you played it.
You come in as a stand-up guy, then the butterfly kind of came into,
I guess, what everybody does, the stand-up, I guess.
Was there a teacher or a particular player who brought that style to you
where you kind of incorporated a sort of a hybrid style?
Well, I think over the course of my career,
I think everything evolved.
Stand-up goaltender and then, you know, Patrick Wall comes in
with the butterfly goaltending style that was very popular
and still is to this day.
style that was very popular and still is to this day.
You know, I had the pleasure of playing against great guys like Patrick Waugh,
Grant Fuhrer, and there's no doubt when I watched other goaltenders,
I tried to incorporate some of the things they were doing into my game.
And there's no doubt you have to change.
You have to change all the time. And if you're not willing to learn and change,
your career, I think, would be uh shortened dramatically i just couldn't grow that's why you had to play
the stand-up i was going to bring up the height a little bit later but like going back to the
early days ra usually asked this one like what made you become a goaltender was it your brothers
throwing you a net was your you went to a game one time and you just fell in love with the position?
A little of everything.
I had three older brothers, so I got stuck in that.
My father was a coach.
He was coaching one of my older brothers
and they had a goalie on the team
and his name's Bob Sinclair.
And I stay in touch with him to this day.
And I idolize him.
I remember as a little kid,
I used to knock on his mother's door
and can I go try on Bobby's stuff? His gear was in the basement and things like that and he'd always
give me his hand-me-down gear and I remember one time I got it he had an orange mask it was like a
Jacques Plante mask and the team I played for was South Calgary community and we were green
and my dad had a painting company and I went down to the garage and I stuck green spray paint and I
I sprayed this thing and I'm like I gotta wear this tomorrow at the game and I put it on and
I played it was still a little tacky I took it off after the game my whole face was green
it just bled all over my face and I had a green face so you know it's just uh
great memories hockey so not many guys i feel like play goalie right from the jump right kids
play out they kind of figure out that's what they want to do but the entire time you were
goalie were you always a high level guy like growing up top goalie in the local area? You don't have to be too modest.
You could be honest.
Well, my first coach was my mother,
and I think it was called Diaper League.
And I was a goalie then.
I was always a goaltender.
And we had some pretty good teams in Tiny might P we Bantam midget.
And we'd always seem to either get to the city champions or the
provincials. You know, I'd always used to play against the setters.
I even played against Kelly Rudy and tiny might,
I think it was tiny might or P week.
He played for the Knights of Columbus in Edmonton and i was with south calgary
and we played each other no we were looking at your junior career you played for the calgary
wranglers but there was a rule back then the league champion was allowed to add another goalie
to the roster what it was like what was the reasoning behind that was the logic with all that
well i think it was if goaltenders got injured and things like that and uh and you're traveling you know you need a third goaltender or something
like that but uh teams used to abuse it um and uh that's what happened with me i i got called up to
portland one of my first years um i played i don't even know if I played too many games the first time around.
The second time around, it was the Lethbridge Broncos in the Western Finals with Portland.
And Portland's goaltending wasn't that great.
Obviously, Lethbridge won the series, but the host team was Portland.
Both teams called me during the series and they asked the league for
me to make a decision. And I made the decision before the series was over. And I picked Portland
because Portland's goaltender wasn't that great. And Lethbridge had kenny riggett who's a great goaltender um lo and behold
kenny riggett i guess hurt himself uh in the last game of the year he hurt his ankle or some twisted
it and he couldn't play and so left bridge john chappy chapman uh he just he raised hell and
that was the story and now we're no longer to do that, call up a third goaltender.
What was the summer training like back then for a goaltender?
You talked about all these like revolutionary new styles and, you know,
guys went from the standup to playing the butterfly.
Like, were you going off to goalie schools?
Like what were you doing in order to keep shape in the summer?
Or was that still the era where you guys were just hitting the bottle hard?
What were you doing in order to keep shape in the summer?
Or was that still the era where you guys were just hitting the bottle hard?
Well, I, Gary Bowman was a guy that I started.
He played in Minnesota and I think he played a few years pro.
He had a clinic here in tiny might and Peewee I used to go to.
And then when I got on, on years, I really didn't have anyone.
Basically, up until the year I got drafted.
The year I got drafted, I was 18 years old.
They sent me a little book to work out, and I just followed that.
That's all I did.
I remember even my first year of training camp, I'm at Max Bell bell arena and i'm ready to go for the five
mile jog uh brad or uh brad marsh comes up beside me hey mike how you doing oh good brad i look down
i go you don't own a pair of runners he said no never owned a pair of runners in my life and he
had a pair of kodiak work boots on. And he ran five miles in those.
Get the fuck out of here.
We had him on.
I'm dead serious.
You ask him.
It was unbelievable.
So then fitness started to come into the league.
But really, I never had a goalie coach.
And then Glenn Hall became my goalie coach in Calgary.
But Glenn Hall never came on the ice
once with me it was always one-on-one we'd talk he'd take notes we'd sit down after the game
in the bus and i'd have a couple beers i'd go glennie would you like a beer oh would i ever
love a beer and him and i would have a beer and we'd bring out his notes and go over the whole game. It was unbelievable.
That just shows you the game's mental.
Oh, you think?
That's why me and Biz lasted as short as we did.
We're both mental midgets.
So I talk about the game now with people.
At one point, they wanted the giant defenseman and and and the big kind of like
slow even power forward and the goalies were smaller and it's totally flipped now to where
you got Vasilevsky and Markstrom in these six five six six goalies and the players are getting
smaller with speed being such a big you know factor what do you think took so long for the
league to kind of figure out the bigger the guy, we probably want him in net. You know what I mean?
Well, some guys tried to do that with their weight in the old days,
like Pat Reagan and things like that.
But I think in the back in the day,
they wanted someone with a little more flexibility and speed.
And now you have these gigantic goaltenders,
and they have speed and flexibility.
And that was the toughest thing, to find a goalie that was bigger,
that had the flexibility.
Pete Peters was a big goalie, but he couldn't touch his toes, right?
It was unbelievable.
And he played that stand-up style Mike Liu and these guys so
I think that guys like Patrick Waugh utilized you know revolutionized the goaltending position
more the butterfly style and then guys just took that ball and ran with it and I'm amazed at
the coordination the flexibility some of these big guys.
It is unbelievable.
Look at Mike Smith playing at 40 years old, plays basically in his crease.
And he's down doing the splits and doing everything to keep the bucket of the net.
And he's playing at the age of 40 years old.
It's unbelievable.
Mike, after the 83 season in June,
you actually got called up to Calgary for a couple games.
They had some injuries.
They pretty much threw you to the wolves.
Did that experience have a negative effect on you,
maybe second-guessing yourself about whether you can play in the NHL or not?
Did it ever.
How'd those games go, fill us in?
Hey, my father had a picture blown up of that game and he put it in my room and he said you'll
never forget that day the son of a bitch he was right so you know you after that game
I went down to the minors again or wherever I was and i'm like going how am i going to play
in the national hockey league this is this is ridiculous i'll never be able to stop that how
am i going to do that and it's just you know i don't know what it was if it was persistence
trying to figure it out back in those days you didn't have the sports psychologist, the fitness trainer, all these people.
You basically had to do it yourself and figure it out.
So that's all I tried to do is figure out how to stop the puck
and move on as a player, as a goaltender.
And I was fortunate because timing was very important.
I just had a couple injuries up in Calgary, and I got called up,
and I actually played well, and then I eventually stuck with the team.
But, yeah, that was my break.
And, I mean, if I didn't get that break,
I don't know if I would have had a career in the National Hockey League.
Yeah, because they called you up, I think it was 86,
for an exhibition, it exhibition at Dynamo Moscow.
You played 18 games.
Then you basically took Reggie Lemmon's job.
You ended up playing 21 games in the playoffs.
That must have been a whirlwind for you.
You were still a young kid a couple years before you got lit up.
I mean, what was going through your mind at that time?
That was basically my, I think it was my third year pro.
I started the year in Salt Lake, went to Moncton.
I got called up three or four times before I stuck.
My aero plan, I still have aero miles from that year.
I collected so many.
But, yeah, you know what?
It was probably one of my most memorable seasons.
Even though we didn't win the Stanley Cup,
but we lost Montreal in the finals.
But just to go from Salt Lake, Moncton,
and up to Calgary all in one year,
it was quite a run for myself and even the organization, the Calgary Flames.
I mean, it was a lot of fun.
Had you gotten the chance to ever play against Waugh before that and like from a goaltender's
perspective like do you look at it like you against the other guy across from you or are
you just worried about your own your your own net and what you had to do? Well I was well aware of
Patrick he had played the whole year in Montreal I never played against
him before I knew he was a rookie goaltender also so um that was our first meeting uh and
then we met again in 89 we met in in uh 97 in uh Colorado and Detroit and things like that.
So we became,
we Calgary Flames and the Montreal Canadiens had a very good rivalry.
We play New Year's Eve all the time in Calgary and then that playoff run.
And so there was,
there was a very good rivalry with the Montreal Canadiens.
Cliff Fletcher came from Montreal in his earlier days.
He was our general manager in Calgary.
So, yeah, that was the start of the head-to-head with Patrick Bois.
Those Flames teams of the mid to late 80s, I mean,
there's so many characters and guys who like have had such amazing careers.
Like new and Dyke was young. You get to witness Joe Mullen.
You get to see Lanny McDonald was obviously it was a close team.
You win a Stanley cup. Was there a guy that was the prankster?
Was there was a guy that you look back? It's like, Oh,
he was just the clown in the room.
Like what do you remember about certain characters that were a part of that
team? Oh my God. oh my god there was there was
so many characters uh jim poplinski he he used to get mark hunter was so excited about his
new lincoln continental and he'd get the grinder at the the skate shepherd just touched this key a
bit and mark you know for a week it was like starting to have trouble starting his car
and then one day it didn't start and he had to call the dealership and we're all out there and
the tow trucks coming and and stuff like that oh doug gilmore's another guy he's unbelievable
i had a dress shirt on like this and uh always running a little late to catch the bus and
dougie gilmore got the scalpel out and
cut the threads in behind the button just left one thread there and do the top button out it
would ping out the next one ping next one ping you know it's stuff like that there there was always
guys playing the practical jokes but those two were, those two were masters at it.
Oh my God.
Ruining the car keys.
Unbelievable.
Just slowly.
That's a little ruthless.
Nowadays it's like 800 bucks for a new car key.
Well, they don't have a key.
It's a fob or something stupid.
Yeah.
So there you go.
Mike, what was your relationship with Reggie Lemon?
Like, I mean, you are essentially kind of taking a job, which would sort of be a theme where you kind of a couple of times later stupid yeah so there you go mike what was your relationship with reggie lemon like i mean you
are essentially kind of taking a job which would sort of be a theme where you kind of a couple
times later during your career what was what was it like with reggie that first year well reggie
when i got drafted they paired me with reggie lemelin and training camp a lot uh reggie lemelin
was uh an outstanding person a, a great mentor.
He was unbelievable during that time when I came in.
And he says, Mike, I do not blame you.
You work hard, you earn this, and that's all on you.
Congratulations type thing.
But he said, don't worry about me.
I'll be fine.
And Reggie was a class act.
I love the guy.
He was a well-liked guy in the dressing room.
He was a great golfer.
And just a great guy to have a beer with, too. He was very instrumental in my younger days of coming up and playing.
Reggie Lemlin probably, he sat back and his legs were unbelievable i used to just
sit and watch him he was a great goaltender and then he went on to boston and played very well
and still continued just to class out sort of give you lessons like that you kind of needed
later in your career when you know younger guys were coming up and maybe taking your job from you
did that kind of did you sort of lean on reggie's lessons back then well you know the
organization knew who the good guys were so they put me in with a good guy because i was a well a
third round draft choice and things like that but you know there was other guys there like dan
bouchard it wasn't necessarily the words that they were saying to me, a lot of it. It was just their actions on the ice and how they played the position.
And Dan Bouchard, he was another great goaltender.
And Pat Riggin had a total different style.
But they were all gentlemen in the dressing room, off the ice.
They had their own kind of style that they went with and i just kind of
watched and tried to learn from it and that's it um you know different guys have different
experiences when they like not only get drafted to their hometown but also have to play there in
the nhl like what was yours off the hop and maybe at a certain point did it get to be a little bit
too much maybe like requests for tickets,
maybe having family members constantly reach out
and any extra added pressure at the fact that you were in your hometown?
Well, I was playing for the Calgary Wranglers too in junior
when I got drafted, and I was driving home from school,
and Peter Maher comes on the radio and said,
the Calgary Flames have just drafted third round Mike Vernon, the local boy.
And I go, oh, shit.
And like I was talking to Minnesota boss, I was talking to like six other teams.
And I'm like, I want to go somewhere else, right, to play.
right to play and uh you know it's i look back at it now it probably forced me to become a better goaltender um there there's some good and bad no different than anything else um you know you win
a cup in calgary you're you're a hero and uh my jersey's in the stadium. It's great. I'm retired now. I'm in the city.
People are very generous with their comments.
But when I was playing, if we were losing or we lost a series or something like that,
I'd go hit golf balls during playoffs in an off day.
People are going, what are you doing here?
How come you're not practicing?
This is wrong.
And you'd sit there and you'd feel the pressure.
And it was tough to do.
And, you know, it's no different than Patty Y in Montreal.
And, you know, he wanted to get out of there, too,
because of all the pressure from the local standpoint.
Wasn't there a conversation that you ended up bumping into him
and that was part of the reason as conversation that you ended up bumping into him and that,
that was part of the reason as to why you ended up leaving Vancouver or
Vancouver, Calgary, Calgary, excuse me.
And even after you'd won the Stanley cup,
wasn't there a point where you your parents removed their season tickets
because they got so fed up.
Oh yeah. I'll quickly get to it. My father,
my parents got rid of the tickets cause you could sell them for a good price,
but they were getting harassed.
And I said, I get your tickets.
Don't worry about it.
And anyway, I got traded.
I got traded to Detroit.
We're in Montreal.
And Patrick was playing for the Canadians.
And I go to that little cafe by the r by the rink before the, in the morning skate.
I go a little early cause I want to fiddle with the sticks and the
equipment.
So I go in there to have breakfast.
Paddy was there at the counter and he sees me and he weighs me over.
And I'm like, Mike, come here, come here. There's an open seat here.
And I sat down and he just went off. He just said, I,
I think I'm going to quit the game, the fans, the media, everybody's on me. I just, I'm done. And I looked at him and I said, Paddy, you're one of the best goalies in the National Hockey League. The NHL can't afford to lose him. Patrick, I think he was in for all nine goals.
We beat him nine, one or nine, three or something like that.
And that's when he walked by.
Get out of here.
On the bench, went over to Corey where there was no glass and said,
and probably said to him, I'm not going to play another game.
Trade me.
And I guess a week later he was traded to Colorado.
And did you ever talk to him afterward and mentioned,
did he mention it to you that your conversation probably impacted his
decision into allowing the wires to cross, to go up to, to,
to manage.
We have never discussed that.
And I think the first time that i told this story was with elliot friedman and
with kelly rudy and i i don't know some talk and this was back in 04 or something like that and
friedman he couldn't believe it he he was like this is unreal and then and i said well it's true
and he went and verified it oh yeah it was true
but Paddy doesn't really like to talk about it
I don't think
and I don't talk to Patrick
but I don't think he brings it up too often
that's a long way to go to set up the fight
between you two huh
yeah
how did you guys celebrate the 89 Cup
I know things were a lot different back then what did you
guys do to tear it up oh my well we won in montreal so that was kind of cool oh nice um i think we
were the only team to ever win a cup in hoist the cup in montreal they either lost it on the road
but they never lost it at home so cool i remember jumping on the plane and we're backing out and jack maloney who
was with the air canada at the time he goes up to the front and tells the pilot move up go back
again we don't have enough beer on this flight so he got some more beer on the plane we got back to
calgary i don't know three, four in the morning.
Yeah, it was probably later than that, four or five in the morning.
And we poured down to a little pub, Honey's Pizza.
And we went there and had a few beers and drank some more.
And we had a bunch of events.
We had a great party at Landy mcdonald's house we had the
sale cats there and no we we we celebrated big i i see the second round excuse me you uh
you swept la and then you made easy work of chicago in the conference finals but in the
first round you went to game seven with Vancouver. Was game seven a tight game?
Was it a close one?
Like, what were your nerves like pregame,
not before game seven that year?
None of the series are easy.
And that first one, I think, really set us up
for the playoffs, for the rest of the playoff run.
Yeah, it's, you're going into a game seven,
anything can happen and it's do or die situations and close calls on both
accounts. And it, it just worked out in our favor.
We got one thrown at the net and went off a Joel Otto skate into the net to,
to seal the deal. And I just, I remember walking,
coming in the dressing room and Cliff Fletcher was there and he just gave me a
big bear hug. And he said, you little bastard, great job. So it's,
you know, there's, there's great moments.
You pick out saves and things like that, but you know,
the adrenaline's going, you know, the adrenaline's going.
You're so focused on the game.
You don't really stop to think about the other things.
You're so ingrained in what's going on in front of you that you don't really,
you don't even, the fans are what they're doing.
You know, it's loud in the building,
but you're still focused at the job at hand, I guess.
We mentioned the trade to Detroit already.
It sounds like it was pretty welcome for you, but then you get there.
Chris Osgood's there.
He's pretty much an established number one.
Was there any friction between you guys, or was it a healthy competition?
What was that like going from Calgary to this whole new competition?
That's a great story, the trade.
I don't think a lot of people know this um when i got
traded i uh and and scotty bowman phoned me and he said mike i just inquired your rights and things
like that he goes this is the weirdest trade i've ever done in my life I go what do you mean by that he said we I
traded for you two weeks ago Doug Riesbrough didn't want me to announce it until now
and I'm going wow that's weird so I have no idea why that happened that way um so anyway
I get to Detroit and they look at me and they say, what number do you want?
And I says, well, what number is available?
And he goes, well, I know you wear 30 and Ozzy wears 30.
I said, I don't want 30.
That's his number.
He was here first.
And I said, is 29 available?
He said, yeah.
I said, okay, I'll take that one.
And it has no, there's no reference to anything.
I just said, 29, I'll take it.
I don't care.
Ozzie and I got along great.
Still talk to this day.
It was fun playing with Ozzie.
We pushed each.
I was hoping, you know, that I pushed him enough to make him a better goaltender.
And he pushed me to be a better goaltender too and that's what it's about it's it's good pressure in the dressing
room and uh that's what it should be when you got picked up uh from them in any any college
did he kind of mention what was going to be happening was it more of a mentor role was it
described it was going to be sharing the net and what what was like going in he just
said look at you're here and i got i got oscar new i got a great tandem and you guys will determine
how everything goes uh i i played i think most of the games the first year in playoffs the second
year ozzy played those and the third year I was there I played
I played those and pretty much throughout the the year we pretty much split games maybe Ozzie
played a little more some of the time but uh yeah it was a pretty good it was a pretty good tandem. I remember we're in L.A.
Scotty Bowman calls Ozzie and I over, and he goes,
who the hell am I going to play tonight?
Do I have to call up Kevin Hodgson from the Miners?
He goes, you two are the shits in this building.
And he said, Vernon, you're playing San Jose tomorrow night. Ozzie, you got L.A. today.
He turned around and skated away.
Ozzie and I would look at each other
oh thanks a lot and we just laughed Bowman must have been just tough with everyone you've heard
these legendary stories from all the spots he was at I mean you witnessing it as a goalie you must
have been even crazier to see what he'd do and say to some of these guys playing out right well uh i like scotty i i he made me laugh
um he was serious there was there was just a lot of funny moments and uh and he was a demanding
coach don't get me wrong i mean he would say to shannon if you're not going to move your legs i'm
not going to play bottom line that's you know and he kind of laughed
it up to the player to decide what he wanted to do and i'm standing beside him one day on the bench
and i hear this buzz sound go off he reaches in his pocket and he looks at this thing and he goes
hey mike look at this this is my worldwide pager and stuff like that. The game's going on and he's talking like this to me.
I'm like, oh, great, super.
Got a beeper.
Yeah, there is, I don't know, whatever it was.
So I was just, he made me laugh.
The guy was, you know, three steps ahead of everybody else,
especially the other coach on the other side a lot
of times in his line matchups and who he wanted on the ice he had the luxury of playing you know
in detroit we had great teams there and he could just roll the lines and the other coach would have
to match up with him and he didn't care so yeah know, he had that great luxury everywhere he went in Montreal,
Pittsburgh, Detroit.
He had some good teams.
Mike, I want to go to the 95 Stanley Cup.
You guys were on a roll.
You go 12 and two into the final play, New Jersey.
They sweep you.
What did New Jersey do that was able to catch you guys off guard so much?
They had a good goaltender.
And two, they were a good defensive team.
They checked like nobody's been.
They shut us down in all areas of the game.
That was a great learning experience, I think,
for all of us to go through that.
Because you know they were a great defensive team,
their defense.
They had Berdour.
He'd be their breakout half the time.
So Jacques Demers, he just had them playing a great system,
and they had some talent on their team where they could score some goals
on the power play and things like that.
And great players like Scott Stevens or, yeah, Scott Stevens,
Scott Niedermeyer on defense, Danko.
They just had a great team, and they were hard to play against I'm going to fast forward to 97 when you ended up getting the net
it was pretty much right before playoffs because I believe Osgood was struggling was it like a big
surprise to you when they announced it and like how did Osgood take it like how does that
goaltending dynamic work when maybe one guy is disappointed he doesn't have the net?
Scotty came up to me, I don't know, probably around March maybe.
And he said, you're going to start playing a lot more,
so get ready to go.
And I kind of took that as, okay, something's up.
And he called us just before playoffs into his office and he
even I think there was still a couple games left in the regular season and he said that
I just want you both to know this I'm going to go with Mike to start the playoffs and Chris
just keep working hard and things like that.
And that's, that's my decision.
I just appreciate you guys don't say anything to the media and we're all
announced it when the time's right. And, you know,
he gave us a heads up and he, he gave me a heads up a month ago when I,
you know, I was working hard and things like that. And he just said,
yeah, look, just get ready.
And he started to play me a few more games.
And I guess he just had that inkling that he was going to put me in.
And I think one of the first game, the first game I played,
I lost to St. Louis and I didn't know if I'd get the net back again and he did he gave
it back to me and uh and then we went on and started winning and that was a unbelievable
series and I was head to head with Grant Fuhr again and then unfortunately Grant uh or fortunately
Grant got injured and he uh Casey came in and that's when when Steve Eisenman scored that winning ball in overtime.
It had been such a long time, right, since the Wings had won a Stanley Cup.
And it's an original six team, all the history.
I imagine the pressure must have been maddening, and the fan base must have wanted it.
And 95 happened with this amazing regular season.
Were you guys feeling the pressure was it one of those things like when the rangers got there in 94 like what was the vibe around the team in the city from the fan base were they kind of waiting
for you to collapse or was it more like where they're gonna get it done this is our year there's
no doubt uh detroit's a hockey town they were. They've lost a couple years before in the finals.
So the prediction was these guys are supposed to win the Stanley Cup.
And there was a lot of hype around it and everything else.
And obviously a lot of pressure.
But going in as a goaltender and as a player, I understand the pressure.
But I didn't,
I didn't feel it.
I was just more concerned about myself and our own team and what we were
trying to accomplish on the ice and just try to take it one game at a time.
And I know that sounds cliche, but it is the truth.
You can't look too far ahead of things. And, you know, we knew we had a good team.
We knew we had a great chance of winning it.
It's just we had to prove it.
And I think our learning those experiences, you know,
losing out against Jersey in 95,
we started to get to, you know, get some more playoff experience behind us we made a few changes
we got to shanahan in there you know we changed our our look a bit we changed probably 30 of our
team from 95 so you know we were ready to go and uh you know just, we had great leadership with Steve Iseron and we just, we just ran with it.
And, you know, we just focused at what was at hand and the next game in front of us, that was it.
Well, I think we should talk about March 26, 1997.
Now, obviously that was a sort of precursor to the first cup.
It's kind of crazy how it started.
Lariano versus Forsberg, two guys who don't fight.
Then, obviously, Makati drags Lemieux to the boards.
Now, do you leave your net right when you see Patrick head out of his net?
Are you following this whole thing?
Take us through this whole scenario.
I didn't really see Larionov and Forsberg start it.
But then, you know, the melee going in between the blue lines.
And then Patrick Waugh comes out.
And I'm like, oh, for Christ's sake, Patrick, stay in your net.
And obviously the rule, if he comes out, I have to come out.
And so I went out there and get in kind of the scuffle.
And I have a hold of Adam Foote's left hand or arm.
And he kind of looks at me and kind of laughs. And he had,
I don't know who else he had, uh, probably Shanahan.
I think he squared up with,
and then Patrick Waugh kind of came over and kind of jumped me in.
And then we just kind of squared off at Stenor Ice and started to go at it.
But, uh, yeah, I, you know, I had a few fights in junior.
Never a fight in pro hockey, really.
That was my only one.
My brother was a pretty good fighter in his day.
And I always said, what do you do in your fight?
He said, just keep throwing them.
Don't stop.
And that's all i tried to do i
tried to bury my head in my armpit so i wouldn't get hit and uh just try to throw a few and i kind
of got lucky with uh a left and caught patrick just over the eye but uh the the fans and joe
lewis loved the fights the bobby probert's and and mercardi's and all of that stuff uh they like
the you know they like the the tough stuff and uh when they showed patrick wall the fans went crazy
and they they still remember it and they still i don't know they they still have fun with it so
it it's great and you still remember walking into the room after all that went
down afterward and just the chaos and commotion between your teammates well i'm gonna tell you
i've never been so exhausted in my life i don't know how you guys did it that that fighting is
just ridiculous um it takes so much out of you uh and i use the term, I was so fatigued. It's unbelievable. But after the game, it was, you know what, we lost three games to them prior to that game. And it's like, we can't beat this team. And we got to, we finally beat them on the score sheet. fought them coming into that dressing room after everybody was excited they
were just you know we did it now we know how to beat these guys now we let's go it was a big
confidence booster that game there was no doubt but she won the cons might like i mentioned in
the intro did you suspect you were going to win it? Had you even thought about it until they called your name? No.
Was anybody in mind?
No.
Didn't think about it.
Didn't really care.
The focus was the Stanley Cup and just trying to take care of my business.
And when they announced my name, I was like, really?
And so I'm like, holy shit.
So I was taken off guard there totally.
I remember in 89 when we won, they called like five of us in,
like Al McGuinness, myself, Nguyen Duc, and Joey Mullen.
And he said, guys, one of you guys are going to win the cons.
We just want to give you the heads up.
And you got to say you're going to Disneyland
because that was
that was the big promo back in those days but the gm was probably getting a free trip that's why
he was getting the pass i got biz for the vip someone was getting some free trips but uh no
and i guess in in, they never had that.
No one said anything. So it was just line up on the blue line and they announced my name.
And I was like, holy shit.
But just, I mean, going back to 97, though,
obviously you had a certain stride and a certain mental state.
When it was game two, when he announced that you were the starter
after being shocked that you were renamed the starter,
like was that when it kind of, you got your confidence and it clicked?
When did you feel like you finally hit your rhythm there?
What's that like as a goaltender?
Well, physically, I felt great.
And mentally, I felt that I was there.
And it's just going out there.
And the second game, I had a good game.
We won the game.
And it's like, okay, here we go. Let's just going out there. And the second game, I had a good game. We won the game. And it's like, okay, here we go.
Let's just keep going, keep focusing.
And just, you know, it's like anything.
I guess the best analogy is they say goaltending.
I mean, goaltending.
If you can get yourself into a groove and carry that groove for a couple months,
you know, that's what you want.
And that's what I did.
I got into that groove.
I felt it before.
And I knew what it felt like.
And I just, like, here we go.
And it was a great feeling.
You're going in with confidence.
Look, I remember up against Coloradoado we lost seven nothing and i was even like okay is
scotty gonna play me the next game or not scotty came back with me the next game we won seven
nothing the next game so it's just the game of hockey is crazy the best of seven anything can
happen and uh you know you like I say, you take,
I know the old cliche, but take it a game at a time and just try to give it your best every time.
And that's all I tried to do.
What's your thought this year with the Flames,
the local team looking this good?
I already got my shirt on.
Look, I've been rooting for you guys all season long.
I wasn't sure if you were still a fan the way that things left off,
maybe when you took off from there, when you got traded.
Was there any animosity after that?
And then when you ended up coming back, did you guys kind of patch that up?
Yeah, I got traded out of there.
I was gone for years.
I came back.
It wasn't a great scenario.
But, you know, I knew I was at the end of my career.
Also, my mother was dying of cancer so I was glad to be here in the city uh so that was tough but uh and just getting sent down in
that period and uh Jimmy Playfair was the coach in the minors. And Jimmy looked at me and goes, what are you doing here? I said,
I have no idea. He said, don't even bother practicing.
And I'm not playing you either. So just, you just chill out.
And then I think Craig Button came down and we chatted and then they brought
me back up. There was a big, with greg gilbert and it was very
uncomfortable it wasn't fun it's not a great way to finish your career uh but uh i that was my last
year and i packed it in i knew it was and uh i was just glad to be back in calgary and getting to
spend the the quality time with my
mother.
Mike, I noticed your second stint that you wore number 29.
Did they not give you number 30 as an option then,
or was someone else wearing it? What was the story there?
No, they, they, they said that I could wear it. And I, you know,
that was my first stint with Calgary, the nine years. And I just,
I wanted just to leave that alone. And this was my other stint with Calgary the nine years and I just I wanted just to leave that alone and this
was my other stint I had some you know I had some good luck with 29 also uh and I had a few good
years in in uh San Jose but uh you know I just said to heck with it just it's only a number it
didn't mean too much to me actually i did have
one about san jose when you were there owen nolan he was a younger captain very intense guy and what
was a pretty much a very veteran team how did that all sort of mesh together with with all known there
oh and we had daryl sutter as our coach that too which was interesting that's why he was so grumpy
i tell you that guy used to i think he had 12 cups of pots of coffee in the morning and
he was just wound for crying out loud but uh daryl was great actually um and he has a great mind
or a great mind but he's a great gentleman and everything else and i i know how he comes across
into the media but he takes his job very serious and all he wants
to do is win and that's it but we had great teams in Dean Lombardi and him assembled great teams in
San Jose and unfortunately I think it was around February they traded me out of there and prior to
that Daryl goes you're my guy steve shields was the other guy and he was
playing well he said you're my guy i'm going with you in playoffs and i had a sense of the same thing
scotty bullman told me on my third year in in detroit and it was my third year in San Jose and I just had a great feeling and I got traded and I
remember they're all knocking on my door and he goes I guess I know why you're here and then I
says yeah I know can I come in and he's yeah come on in and he sat there and he just couldn't believe that Dean Lombardi was going to go into playoffs with a
rookie goalie and he was really he was really distraught about it nothing taken away from
Steve Shields because he played extremely well but Steve was a very nervous guy and I think I helped calm him a bit he he was always undressing dressing and I'm
just I'm always relaxed I go in and read a book or read a magazine and come out and sit down get
ready for the game and whatever but he was he was very intense and I think I give him a bit of a
calmingness when I talk to him and stuff and and I think he just I don't know I think I give him a bit of a calming this when I talk to him and stuff.
And,
and I think he just,
I don't know.
I,
I think he just kind of played mind games with himself.
And he,
he wasn't in the league that long after,
but he was a great guy. And I know he's with Michigan and he's a goalie coach there and things like
that.
And he's a,
he is a great guy.
And we did have some good times in San Jose.
You played with so many different legends,
and it's funny hearing about all these different guys and coaches,
but you had a stint as a Florida Panther,
and somebody we really haven't ever talked about or know much about
is the Russian Rocket, Pavel Bure.
That season, I think he had 59 goals that you were there.
Was this guy around the team off the ice?
Did he have his own life going in Miami what was the whole vibe with uh Pavel Bure when you
play with him um Pavel if you blinked you'd miss him this guy was unbelievable um very nice guy, don't get me wrong, but I'm dressed, I'm ready to go on the ice for the game,
and he, or for warm-up, and he walks by me in his underwear, and he's like, gets dressed,
and he's like, comes out there, and whatever, scores a couple goals, and then it's like,
he undresses, it's like he had a one-piece suit on it was just
on and off the guy was totally quick it was unbelievable um i remember oh yeah i got a great
story of pap he he was uh we were in atlanta and that's when he was dating anna kornikova
at the time and we're in a cabin we're going to a men's club and and he his phone rings he goes
oh look it has anna love on it he said mike you talked to her because i knew her from
my detroit days because she was around federal oh jesus
so i'm like well hi anna how are you it's mike Mike, how you doing? I'm in Australia, open, and everything's going on and things like that.
Oh, yeah, Pav and I are just going for a bite to eat.
Well, you watch him.
You take care of him for me.
Okay, not a problem.
Here you go.
Hand the phone back over.
But he was a nice guy.
He didn't hang around a lot, though.
He was gone in a split second.
It was unbelievable.
Russians are on their own program.
Oh, yeah.
It hasn't changed.
You know what's interesting?
I'm going to go back to we played with five Russians.
Okay?
They were great in Detroit.
And when I first got there, I took the whole team to dinner.
And we, I don't know, we were at some steakhouse and took the whole team for dinner.
And I looked at Stevie Eisman, I go, you're next, the next road trip.
And he goes, oh, oh okay that's cool so I don't know
wherever we were Stevie took us for dinner the next time and I'm looking around the dressing room
who am I going to pick on next and I go wow the five Russians so I got them all in line. I go, you guys, you're buying us all dinner one night.
But we want the best Russian restaurant in North America.
And they go, oh, that's easy. It's in L.A.
And I go to the schedule right away and I'm like, OK, do we have any time off in L.A. and things like that?
And it so happens we do. So it was great.
We went we did did paintball.
Rub and tugs.
You had rub and tugs.
No, no, we didn't do that.
We took a bus and we all got on army fatigues and we went paintballing.
And then after we went down to this Russian restaurant.
It was unbelievable.
It was phenomenal that those guys,
they even had the uh band and people dancing
and everything it was the real culture and it was unreal we experienced their culture and they were
so proud of it it was unbelievable and we had one of the best times ever and we'll always remember
it and it that is what helps bring teams together and it was unbelievable we had a great
time that's a funny way of describing a strip club no it wasn't a strip club it wasn't a jacob
oh my goodness so much mike i mean a hell of a career, frigging unbelievable run you had. And we had a blast talking to you. You had some great stories.
We appreciate you coming on.
Not a problem. And good luck to you guys.
And my kids love your show and keep it going.
You guys are very entertaining.
Well, we'll keep pushing you for the hall of fame, considering they said that.
Okay, buddy.
Thanks. And don't forget Stampede Week.
Get up here.
Big thanks to Mike Berner once again for joining us.
Awesome interview.
Great guy.
Terrific chat.
We want to let you know his interview was also brought to you by Labatt Blue.
There's a little bit of Canadian kindness in every sip of Labatt Blue Light.
How did it get in there?
They're Canadian.
That's how.
You can spread the love yourself by sharing a Labatt.
When you share a Labatt, you're not just sharing a beer,
you're sharing an experience that'll pair with anything from hockey to hoedown.
So next time you're watching hockey with your buds,
be sure to share a Labatt
because while you might not all root for the same team,
you can all enjoy a Labatt Blue Light.
Labatt, the pristine Canadian pilsner cheryl labatt
geez biz this is like a very special episode for you you got a ton of details we got to get to
still you're going to be re-releasing your hit series biz does bc i know you mentioned it briefly
earlier what's what's going on with this buddy so we never released biz does bc on the spit and
channel uh when i originally joined Barstool and the podcast,
that was kind of how we rolled out the announcement because my right-hand man,
Pasha, who we brought on earlier, when I first retired,
I'd hopped in right into the media side by doing this series around BC called
Biz Nasty Does BC, where we did five episodes.
I want to say we had 17 past and
present players do cameos throughout this silly adventure um in which we traveled to uh the
sunshine coast we end up going to victoria we do uh the what do we do colonna and cam loops uh
help me out here pasha uh yeah victoria wh, Whistler, Vancouver, Kelowna.
Those are the five.
Yeah, so we had five in there, and it was where I learned on maybe timing on camera,
like how to help behind the scenes and just learn everything really about making guerrilla-style content
and how we film it.
We met some interesting characters along the way
we've talked about sound guy on the podcast before so i would say about maybe a hundred thousand
people who are listening right now have watched this does bc but a lot of you haven't you're like
what the fuck is this idiot talking about it was filmed five years ago we're gonna re-release it
on on the spit and chickles account because after that and after we released it, the door opened up for myself and Pasha where companies would uh jet skis whatever it may be and it was a
concept created by a couple guys out of alberta so they approached us about making a couple
commercials for it well they only ended up paying us half the money the company struggled it never
got off the ground so we've been holding these things on the shelf for four years now so finally we're we figured why not fucking roll it out given the fact we're
re-releasing biz does bc in the second commercial we tie back in sound guy and pasha i guess i'll
throw it over to you like sound guy the first day we met him was when we filmed episode two and that
was on the sunshine Coast with Morgan Riley.
And explain how we ended up meeting this guy and kind of how the day unfolded.
Yeah, so I found Sound Guy through some other previous Sound Guys
I'd worked with in town.
They weren't available, so they recommended this guy, Rodolfo.
So we showed up the first day.
First of all, you should never plan your first day shooting with a new crew on a small boat out in the hot sun.
It was just a gong show.
No room to move.
It was hot.
We're trying to film and the boat's rotating and just complete.
There's a helicopter in the scene.
An actual live helicopter from our buddy Brad Friesen.
We have a 15-minute window to film with this helicopter.
Biz and I are yelling at each other.
It was just a complete gong show, but you know, it all worked out.
But with Rodolfo, the sound guy, we're kind of at the Marina and we're,
you know, prepping to go on. And he kind of looks at me and goes, Oh bro.
Like I don't know how to swim. Like I'm not very comfortable on boats.
And we're just like, Oh my God.
So we bring him out there and he's already uncomfortable.
And then we start kind of incorporating him into jokes and like chirping him.
And he's kind of sitting there being like you know like what did i sign
myself up for but then flash forward you know a week or two and we you know posted a lot on social
media and he got more comfortable with the crew and now he's embracing being this on-camera role
i think the turning point was when we were in colona we went to cactus club we walked in and
some guy was like hey sound guy what's up man he got recognized so then he
kind of started wearing it um and then he and then he asked for money on the acting side
oh yeah oh yeah he got yeah he was coming out with merchandise he was a true beauty and he's
very professional so we ended up hiring him in more things moving forward,
but it ended up turning around where we,
we absolutely embraced Rodolfo, but he got, he got cocky real quick.
So we ended up incorporating him in the second Y by commercial.
And in the first one, uh, fresh office Calder cup,
or not Calder cup Calder trophy winning season.
We got Matt Barzell because I befriended him with working at him
at the awards ceremony with Sportsnet.
Yeah, and Hawkinson probably sealed the deal.
And so we got him to agree.
So it'll be his rollout of his ever first commercial.
And so we got a star-studded pass with Rodolfo and Matty Barzell.
So we're finally going to get to release these things.
What are the dates?
We're doing Biz Does BC on Wednesday, August.
That would be Wednesday, August 24th.
And then the first commercial will come out Friday, August 26th.
And then the second commercial will come out Sunday, August 28th.
Yeah.
So like, you know, this isn't an endorsement of this company because it's, it's not, it's
not off the ground.
I don't even know what's going on with it, but we just figured because we, we did this
thing gorilla style and spent, you know, weeks preparing for it.
Then a couple of days filming it all.
We just figured our spit and chicklets fans, if they're interested, they could go check
that out on our YouTube channel and our social platforms. look for that coming out wednesday biz does bc friday
y by one sunday y by two and it was there anything else you wanted to mention about these commercials
pasha no just kind of echo what you said i mean these have been sitting on the shelf for four
years and we you know put a lot of effort into them so we just want people to get out there see
the art get a couple laughs out of it like we said this isn't you know a promotion for this company
since the company is basically non-existent so that's not very the lead boys let's not bury the
lead they are fucking hilarious commercials commercials i've ever seen i have not seen them
no i'm looking forward to checking them out though wait have you seen the y buys i very much enjoyed
them i thought they were good okay i'll take good from you buddy you're a tough you're a tough sell i told you
right away you said what do you think i we talked about i go dude you have to release those they're
funny so um we figured we'd mention that at the back of the podcast to refresh people's memories
that those are coming out and on top of that we have we're going to take another month off here
guys and recharge the batteries.
The content that we have rolling out on the spit and chickles YouTube channel.
I highly suggest people who maybe wouldn't venture into that space to go check
it out. We did a fresh off of biz does BC.
We ended up doing that road warrior series where I did a episode with Avery.
And then the next one was the newfoundland
extravaganza where i went and saw senior and and uh and uh and terry ryan uh where
we just want to do more original content and we continued the biz does the coast so we went and
visited three uh echl teams uh the first episode that will be coming out is the Orlando Pink Whitney Night.
That was the only one that he ended up coming to.
Oh, I was there.
Holy shit, does he have a cameo.
I forgot about that.
Number two is going to be the episode with Derek Nesbitt
to celebrate his 1,000th game with the Atlanta Gladiators.
And to wrap it all up, KB No Swag and Nick joined me in going home to Wheeling,
where I played in the ECHL, to wrap up the series.
So we have a three-part series that's going to be coming out on back-to-back-to-back Wednesdays,
and that's going to be coming out next week after the Biz Does BC and the YBi commercials.
Give them the dates for the release of Orlando, Atlanta, and Wheeling G. So Orlando
will be 831, which is a Wednesday. Atlanta will be 97, which is a Wednesday and Wheeling will be
914, which is also a Wednesday. So just back to back to back Wednesdays. So I know some of you
guys missed the podcast with us hopping back on, like we've done today. We're going to be back on the 20th and then the 19th will be the following week after
the last episode of the biz does the coast.
And that will be the sandbagger coming out.
So we have tons lined up for all you guys in the meantime.
And then, of course, the live show in Pittsburgh to kick off the season.
So I've talked enough.
the live show in Pittsburgh to kick off the season. So I've talked enough, R.A., Witt, Pasha, G,
anything else before we wrap this bad boy up?
Yes. Speaking of big, Big Deal Brewing is on track
for a limited October release.
Is that correct, Biz, in six states?
Six states to start and a few selective provinces.
And Canada, it's always a little bit trickier to, uh, to, to roll alcohol
out, but they are doing everything they can to get it on the shelves by October 15th in certain
provinces. And then by the new year, it will be released in more States and it's going to come
out quick. And on top of that, tons of amazing merchandise, like the hat I'm wearing. And, uh,
we're going to be doing some awesome collabs and we're going to have some fun with that guys much like the the the pink whitney tour that happened in ontario out west and then in vancouver
we're going to do more of that everywhere with big deal brewing and of course pink whitney as well
we're going to try to hit up east coast canada next summer and do more bar appearances where
i'll be behind the bar pouring this beer and, and growing it and continuing to, to interact with our fans.
And hopefully a few, you can give me the finger,
double barrel right to my face, just like the guy in Saskatoon.
Just follow big deal brewing on Instagram and big deal brew on Twitter.
Cause that will be releasing everywhere where you can find big deal brewing on
those in the coming weeks, coming months, but that's, that's your spot.
And, and just like pink Whitney, massive giveaways we're gonna have we're gonna have a a q is it a qr code
qr code baby we're gonna have a qr code on the case of every single case of big deal brewing
that comes out that you can scan it'll bring you to a website and you can enter contests
uh who knows what you can win? The sky's the limit.
So we just want to continue to, to provide all the people who support our brands with the opportunity to win
free stuff.
And just like with whatever it may be.
And just like with pink Whitney,
go to your local liquor store,
go to where you buy beer and request big deal brewing.
Tell them that you want big deal brewing and it will come to you.
Love it. Absolutely. I also, I think we want want big deal brewing and it will come to you. Love it.
Absolutely.
I also,
I think we want to thank laundry sauce and our buddy Sean as well,
before we move on to a few more things.
Sean Apuzo has been such an integral part of this podcast.
He's a,
a videographer.
How do you say it?
Videographer,
videographer,
videographer.
I always,
I always fucked that word up,
but he's worked
so hard behind the scenes and carried the weight when we were a little bit short staff during a
during a difficult time and on top of getting all these clips out for the podcast and cutting
everything for youtube he spent the time to help me fit uh film these uh biz does the the coast
series and he's editing it right now and he has worked his ball bag off.
So give him some love and some thank yous.
And it's great having other guys involved
because that just means more video coming out for our fans.
So, Sean, you've been a rock for us.
We love you.
We appreciate you.
And we can't wait to see all the footage that you've edited for us
and rolling that out.
So you're a G, buddy.
Thanks, Sean. sean he is huge help
behind the scenes great guy as well so uh when we last left off me and whit had talked about top gun
maverick a lot of people were surprised i hadn't seen it yet i i finally got around to seeing it
i took my old lady to see it she wasn't she don't want to wait for the imax i already waited long
enough so i saw it with her she loved it i loved it but i had to go to imax at redding mass it's
like the biggest screen in new england movie was fucking incredible and i've said i wasn't even a top gun guy real movie it was
an entertainment spectacle like i walked out of there like my jaw dropped and listen tom cruise
like he might get a best actor nomination i don't say that like he's working it it was like you know
the first one he's a cocky like you know young buck or whatever this one you could tell he's
like a broken guy like goose is all all in his memory just like the second time i just
watched his face the whole time i was like dude the work he did it was like real subtle but just
an incredible job he did i really hope he gets the best acting on him i know there's still a lot
of movies to come out absolutely terrific work but just pure entertainment just a popcorn movie
whatever you want to call it that first training scene with like i'm not gonna spoil like it's
like 20 minutes in the movie when he's
the first day of class with the kids when they go up in the air.
When he's just dominating. That was
some of the most, that might have been the most entertainment
I've seen in the movies in 20 years. Just sitting there
like with the tune playing, I won't spoil it,
like everything that's going on, just wildly entertaining.
Thought it was terrific. I went back, started
a third time, second time in IMAX. That's
how good it was. You went man on fire
on it. Yeah, it's
phenomenal. I was
blown away by how much I liked it and enjoyed
it. So if you haven't seen it, by all means, check it out.
So I'm on Team Maverick, no doubt about
it. I love it. Well, that's because
you're supporting your boy, your co-star.
John Hamm, I'll tell you, he excels
at playing dicks, man. He was like
he plays a great dick. I'll leave it
at that. I don't want to spoil too much. I think i know because you mentioned better call saul i know you haven't
got into it yet had the finale the last week and everything has to be a dick measuring contest
nowadays oh is it better than breaking bad blah blah it's dude they were two totally different
shows both amazing shows both a plus shows i love the finale the show is terrific but they're
completely different shows i don't know that one's better than the other they're just two different things two
different approaches they're both excellent but i i wouldn't put one over the other though
yeah i i just i just put it on the the outline because so many people were pumping its tires
online like let's give credit to the writer of breaking bad who ended up branching out and
creating a series equally as good. Vince Gilligan showed up.
Saul, I don't know the, I'm not good with actors' names.
Bob Odenkirk.
He is just excellent.
He has had to have won a couple Emmys so far for his role in Better Call Saul.
Correct or no?
I think so.
I know he's been nominated, but I honestly not sure off the top of my head.
But sorry, he's like Bryan Cranston was in Breaking Bad.
Like, I don't think people knew how good of an actor he was until he did the show
because he had to play like three different characters in Better Call Saul.
So phenomenal work by Odin Kirk.
I know he's been nominated, but who should win is Ray Sehorne, who plays Kim Wexler.
She finally got nominated for the Emmys that are coming up.
She's been doing terrific work since season one.
So I really hope that she gets an Emmy because she's deserved it for five years now.
She finally just got nominated. But great show show a little slower than breaking bad just a different
type of show but you know whatever you like better but i'm sick everything this is better than that
just i can let it be just enjoy it does that grind your gears all right um i wouldn't say it grinds
them it's just you know i think i wish we could just enjoy things on their own and not have to
again have it like a dick measuring contest with everything all the time. Yeah, but when people do that, like,
what do you care if you just enjoy it on your own?
Yeah, that's why it doesn't grab my gears.
Because it grinds his gears.
No, I just said it didn't.
What have we not discussed?
I think we've got everything on the list here.
One more thing.
There actually is one more thing.
A lot of people have been reaching out for Pink Whitney merch,
for Spittin' Chicklets merch, Big Deal Brewing,
to sell in their retail shops,
to sell at places like Pure Hockey, Golftown,
where we already have merchandise.
If you want that, just email wholesale at barstoolsports.com.
Again, that's wholesale at barstoolsports.com
if you want to get your merchandise in the stores and sell it.
All right, we're going to have the Whit Dog finish up,
but before we do, one quick record.
I don't know if you guys watch Blackbird on Apple TV yet.
Phenomenal.
I started watching it thanks to you.
It's Blackbird? Phenomenal, dude.
Yeah, Taron Egerton, the guy who played Elton John in Rocketman.
Incredible work.
And Paul Walt, the house, who played Richard Jewell,
the big dude, the big actor there.
Those two, I won't even tell you what it's about. Fantastic. Me and the old who played Richard Jewell, the big dude, the big actor. Those two.
I want to tell you what it's about.
Fantastic.
Me and the old lady banged it out in a couple of nights.
Awesome.
Awesome show.
Check it out if you can.
And I know we're going to pass it over to you with the close the show now.
Yeah, I know.
It's it's something to end the show after a fun get together.
Catching up with all you guys has been great.
But we do have two people we just want to mention today. August 23rd is the one year anniversary of Jimmy Hayes, Broadway passing away and somebody that's
missed dearly by so many people. His wife, Kristen, is such a great person. His two boys.
We see them a lot. I love seeing them a lot. Special people. Kevin Hayes is one of our favorites. So I think
be like Jimmy was the term everyone was using after he passed away. And it's something I try to
do in my life. I mean, in terms of bringing energy and enthusiasm and joy to people when you see them
and meet them, that's what Jimmy did. So we want to shout out the one year anniversary of him
passing away. And we haven't recorded together since, unfortunately,
the awful passing of Ben Stelter,
who is the amazing, amazing fan of the Edmonton Oilers.
Six years old, battled brain cancer harder than anyone could have.
I know he meant so much to all the Oilers fans, the players.
Connor McDavid talked about him.
Leon had mentioned him.
You saw the special storyline with him being around the team and his family
seeing the joy and his smile and heart as he was getting to live out a dream
of, of being around the Oilers and six years old gone way too soon.
So rest in peace, Ben. And we're thinking of Jimmy and his family.
So thank you guys so much for listening. It's great catching up and we'll be back in about a month,
but we have a lot of special things coming out.
So as always,
thanks for being amazing fans and keep on living your life like Jimmy did.
Peace.
As always, we'd like to thank our terrific sponsors here on Spit and Chicklets.
So huge thanks to our longtime friends at Pink Whitney
and New Amsterdam.
Big thank you to our friends at Sling TV.
Check them out.
And a huge thanks to our friends over at Labatt.
Enjoy a nice Labatt today.
And we also want to thank everybody,
all the venues on the West Coast tour that Biz just did,
Pink Whitney tour all over Canada.
Everybody was terrific. The staffs were great.
The venues were great.
We just want to say thank you very much once again.
And everybody have a fantastic week.
We'll see you soon.
