Hey, Spittin' Chicklets listeners, you can find every episode on Apple Podcasts,
Spotify, or YouTube. Prime members can listen ad-free on Amazon Music.
Hello, everybody.
Welcome to episode 404 of Spittin' Chicklets, presented by Pink Whitney,
from our friends at New Amsterdam Vodka here in the Barstool Sports Podcast family.
What's going on, everyone?
We hope you enjoyed our surprise episode last week.
The boys got a little horny for the audience.
We got back together, gave our takes on some outrageous things going on.
I should say the takes were outrageous, but hopefully you all enjoyed.
Mike Vernon thought it was a terrific interview.
Great guy.
Only one hello this week.
We're going to go to our boy, our producer, Mike E. Grinelli.
What's going on, buddy?
What's up, R.A.?
To be honest, I'm a little thankful summer is coming to an end here.
I'm kind of getting sick of always having to be somewhere on the weekends.
And, you know, I kind of get FOMO when I have to stay in.
So I'm very excited for fall.
But what I'm really excited for is actually what we have coming in the next few weeks.
This past week, we re-released Biz Nasty Does BC.
And some people ask, why did you do that?
Well, one, because it's incredible content and the cameos were unbelievable.
Two, we released it four years ago before we even had a YouTube page.
So a lot of our listeners haven't even seen it yet.
And third, and most importantly, this week,
we launched Biz Nasty Does the Coast.
Three episodes coming out the next three Wednesdays at 8 p.m.
EST on our YouTube channel.
We hit Paradise in Orlando.
Then we celebrated Derek Nesbitt's 1000th game.
And we wrapped up with a homecoming for busy boy in Wheeling,
West Virginia with Nick and KB.
So subscribe to our YouTube channel.
You'll get everything there first.
This is elite content.
The production is sandbagger S and it rivals any media company making hockey
content. So please give it a watch so it rivals any media company making hockey content.
So please give it a watch so we can continue to make more hockey content like this.
And I guess that's enough plugging for me, R.A.
I would love to hear about how the rest of your Newfoundland trip went.
Wow. Yeah, I'll tell you, boys, that place kicks your ass like St. John's, Newfoundland.
I mean, they say if you're there, there's two things to do.
You eat and you drink and a few other things as well. But Ifoundland. I mean, they say if you're there, there's two things to do. You eat and you drink. And a few other things as well.
But I definitely ate.
I definitely drank.
And I will tell you, one thing I did miss up there was getting my Pink Whitney fix.
But now that I'm back in Massachusetts, I can hit up my local liquor store,
one of the many fine pit stop bars I like to stop in here,
for that five times distilled vodka infused with fresh pink lemonade flavor.
Like I always say, I like it with a little bit of club soda.
But you might want a nice refreshing shot of the old Pink Whitney.
So get some of that birdie juice.
Get some of that Pink Whitney.
Good stuff.
All right.
Actually, tons of new Pink Whitney merch in the store right now.
I'm actually wearing one of the T-shirts,
and we were kind of talking about it before you came on.
We have tons of new merchandise right now in the store.
It's Pink Whitney, Spittin' Chicklets,
and we've just completely upped the quality.
It's just like, you've kind of always given me a little shit about that before.
We got to up the t-shirt quality. We got to up the t-shirt quality.
Well, we finally did.
We heard you guys and we got some nice pink Whitney merch coming or it's here.
It is here. It is here. Check it out.
It's at the Boston sports store.com. And also, of course,
we have a Canadian site. You just click on the little flag up top,
go over to the Canadian flag. You get all the canadian merchandise canadian price so you don't
have to play the pay the crazy taxes all that stuff so anyways uh back to newfoundland man
this place is awesome i mean you know i've been to ontario i've been to quebec province wise
alberta british columbia but no place have i ever been like newfoundland man just the beautiful
scenery and i only saw snippets of it i mean we went out to pettyty Harbor to do the zip line thing there, but next time I go,
gee, I want to go to the West, the Western part where it's actual mountains.
I was corrected what I was calling mountains last week were merely Hills.
But it was just beautiful. The people there, I mean, no surprise.
Canadians are always awesome to us,
but the hospitality they showed towards me was just awesome.
Dispensaries seemingly every 10 feet open till 10 o'clock
on a sunday so you gotta buzz on a few pups you pop in boom grab a couple half dozen bones you're
good for the night i do have a question because when i was in newfoundland i got screeched in
did you get screeched in and explain to all of our listeners that don't know what getting
screeched in is explain to them that absolutely well first the day started with uh with a boat
ride we we went looking for icebergs and whales but i guess the season had already passed so there was really not
much to see what we're watching and you know mr cian mr ryan senior aka senior he told me they
call it iceberg alley like when the glaciers break off i mean you'll just look up and it'll be a 10
story iceberg just going by like taller than any buildings it's insane unfortunately that wasn't
in season but we got a beautiful boat ride just outside the harbor i didn't know how much of newfoundland was related
to world war ii history like because you know if you went to that harbor it's real high on both
sides they would have a net or a chain atr loves talking about that too how many times did he tell
you oh and that's the other thing too g before i get to the screech then how proud uh newfoundland
is out with it from but not like overbearing and not jingoistic, not like national.
It's just they just love where they're from.
They love the history and they're so proud of it.
And you can sense it talking to them.
And, you know, it's very interesting to sell.
I'm not a World War II historian, but there was so much I didn't know.
So it's almost like its own country, R.A.
It used to be.
It used to be until, I believe, 1949.
I think I was paying attention.
I was paying attention seeing you at 1949.
They got there. They got well screeched in by by the rest of canada i guess you might say uh but yeah
it's very distinct very independent so up to the screeched in portion we were on the boat all day
hit a couple bars of course as with the con man uh conor donaghy great great guy with the big deal
selects you know we were feeling pretty good so we went to this bar christians and you get screeched
in what they do is they uh well first they give give, I guess, a speech, you might say.
The bartender gives a history of a lot of Newfoundland and, you know, their independence.
And that's probably where I learned some of the stuff I just talked about.
And then they give you a shot of rum and they pull out an old codfish.
It was a frozen codfish.
And you kiss the cod and you do a shot of the screeched rum.
And then they give you a certificate as an honorary Newfoundlander and you get the cod and you do a shot of the screech rum and then they give you a certificate
as an honorary Newfoundlander and you get screeched in uh and what's interesting is the guy who I got
screeched in by was the same guy who screeched in Anthony Bourdain the late Anthony Bourdain
when he did uh I think it was Pots Unknown I know he had the no reservations in Pots Unknown I think
he screeched me in too same guy yeah with uh Christians great great. And he actually told a real nice story about Anthony Bourdain.
It was very poignant.
Just, you know, you go and have fun and drink and kiss a fish.
Interestingly enough, I got my first zit in my mouth in about 20 years after the card.
Hopefully that's not related to kissing a fish.
But he actually gave a very poignant speech about, you know, how Anthony Bourdain was there not long before, you know, he passed away.
And just kind of talked about how you never know what people are going through and just to be kind. And it actually brought
a tear to my eye sitting there. I just wasn't expecting
it, but it's a huge tradition
there. If you do visit St. John's in Newfoundland,
I highly, highly recommend it. It's a fun
thing. And then speaking of Claude G, I probably
ate 10 pounds of it up there last week
because, I mean, every menu,
pan-fried Claude was on the menu. I literally
probably ordered it five times because,
I mean... Halibut too, right?
Isn't the halibut big up there as well?
Yeah, I don't know if it's as native as the cod is.
I'm sure they get some of it.
But see, cod was overfished.
All these other countries were bringing big trawlers,
and they basically overfished it.
And Canada said, nope, no more cod fishing in our waters
until they replenish the stocks.
And now I guess you can just drop your rod in and pull cod out all day.
So it's plentiful again, which is great, and it's good eating.
So I got tons of cod fish in.
Like I said, I probably ordered five of them while I was there.
And then the last night, I had to go to Terry Ryan Sr.'s basement.
I mean, you don't visit St. John's, Newfoundland,
and not go to Sr.'s basement.
And it's a trip, man.
He's almost like a teenager in some regards.
I don't mean that disrespectfully. He's got all like rock magazine covers cut out and like just adorned all over the walls by the bathroom door.
He's got every jersey him and Terry had. It's just it's just a wild trip.
And of course, you know, senior himself is just an absolute piece of work.
So were there any crazy Terry Ryan stories while you were there that you can tell on the podcast? On the podcast?
No, I mean, I wouldn't say even off the podcast.
I mean, like I said, gee, I knew you were there.
You guys were doing a little bit of work there.
This was just literally like go out eating and drinking, wake up and just start over again.
I mean, that's that's what you go there for to eat, drink, say that St.
John's. I'm sorry.
Water Street, George Street area.
Awesome, man.
Like just all these outdoor patios. You just sit outside. And I was trying to think of a place and compared to in Boston.
And I really couldn't like I know some people say like the North End or Faneuil Hall, but there's no place set up like it's basically these two streets parallel.
And there's just tons of bars, dispensaries and right by the water. So, yeah.
by the water. So yeah. And not to plug more content, RA, but Biz actually went all around,
Biz and I actually went all around Newfoundland with Terry Ryan a few years back and we filmed it all. And it's on our YouTube channel. It's under Road Warriors, the Newfoundland extravaganza.
Terry basically took us to all these places you're talking about. We even went and saw the iceberg. So
it was an unbelievable experience. So you can check it out on our YouTube channel.
Absolutely. Just a beautiful spot. I can't wait to visit again and see way more of the place. Like I
said, I didn't even get to the West part of the mountains, but the only, I guess, bummer is that
there's no direct flights from Boston. Cause if there was, it's, you know, a straight shot,
almost going to Halifax, except a little further. So going out people like, Oh, uh, you went through
Montreal. How come you went through Montreal? I was like, okay, if I booked my flight through Pearson Airport, because it's either Toronto or Montreal,
if I actually booked my flight through Pearson, it was late. People would be like, you are the
biggest asshole in the world for booking a flight to Newfoundland through Toronto after what went
through after the whole content, well, not content, after the whole Pearson Airport episode.
So I booked it through Trudeau in Montreal, which I guess is probably still rolling the dice if
Justin made a phone call and got me held up in montreal but uh it was great time and
i definitely will be back so uh shout out join st john's newfoundland also shout out greg at the
alt hotel i don't believe i mentioned the hotel last time uh greg the general manager very generous
to let me record the last show in there he's got some t-shirts and some some gear coming so
if you do stay in newfoundland at St. John's,
the Alt Hotel is a great spot.
All right, I actually do have a funny story.
I don't think I've ever told it on the podcast before.
And thank God Biz is on here
because he'd probably kill me if he heard this.
But when we went to St. John's Newfoundland last time,
I didn't know that there was a St. John's New Brunswick.
I believe it's St. John's New Brunswick. I'm sorry, yeah, St saint john's new brunswick saying i believe it's saint john new
brunswick i'm sorry yeah saint john new brunswick so i got those two confused so i booked our entire
film crew to new brunswick not newfoundland so they luckily they got there a day early
and they messaged me and were like hey i'm hotel. Come like, come meet up with me here. I look it up.
I'm like that, that hotel's in New Brunswick. We're in Newfoundland. And they're like, dude,
you booked a crew in New Brunswick, not Newfoundland. So I, we had to scramble. Luckily
we were, I think Terry helped us find a crew in Newfoundland to help us film, but we were,
I was scrambling at that point. Cause I also didn't want to tell
biz that I had made that mistake. So yeah, it was, uh, I had to learn my Canadian geography.
Next time I started booking trips for the boys. And then the next day,
Boston will hide a travel coordinator. Exactly. With a map in front of them. But,
uh, so anyways, we've got a labor day coming up this weekend. Jesus Christ,
that came quick. You got any plans? What's going on for labor day G?
date coming up this weekend. Jesus Christ, that came quick. You got any plans? What's going on for Labor Day, G? Like I said, no plans already. I'm just going to relax. It's self-care September
for me. I'm taking a step back from drinking. I'm taking a step back from going out, eating
unhealthy from takeout. So self-care September for this guy right before leading up into big
deal brewing coming out in October. I want to be ready. I want to be ready to go for the beer.
So I'm going to take a little time and try to get healthy these next couple,
these next couple of weeks. How about yourself?
Yeah, I need a little break after Newfoundland.
I wouldn't go to relax and vacation,
but I'm actually heading down to Charleston, South Carolina this weekend.
I can't say too, too much about it,
but I'm going to be filming a small role in an independent film.
That's going to be filmed down in there. I think I can't say too, too much about it, but I'm going to be filming a small role in an independent film that's going to be filmed down in there.
I think I can say I had a decline, a role as a referee, because I told them if you had me as a ref, my skating is so bad it would kill any credibility for the movie might have.
So I'm actually going to be playing. I think I could give this out as Zamboni driver for the show.
I got I got a few speaking lines, so I'll be down in Charleston, South Carolina area for Labor Day.
Spend a few days there,
going to hit the beach,
you know, in between my filming,
my scenes, of course.
So I've heard Charleston,
South Carolina is absolutely gorgeous.
I heard it's an incredible place to visit.
Yeah, I've actually never been.
I've been to,
I flew to Columbia.
I went to a South Carolina,
Florida football game.
But yeah, I've never been
to the coast of South Carolina, so I game, but yeah, I've never been to the coast of South Carolina.
So I cannot wait. Obviously it can pump up the IMDB page a little bit more,
get a couple more credits on there.
I'll talk more about the title and stuff when more comes out. I just,
I can't say too, too much about it now, but needless to say,
very excited to go on film another role and head to South Carolina.
But gee, I think it's time we should move to today's guest.
We haven't even mentioned him yet.
Might just be an all-time top five, top 10 episode,
possibly Hockey Hall of Fame, Adino Cicerelli.
This guy was an incredible interview.
Our buddy, Corey Smutledge, bumped into him.
What do they call that lake?
Pudding Bay in Ohio.
Pudding Bay in Ohio.
They randomly bumped into this 60-year-old Jack Tan guy
hanging out. Small talk to him.
We ended up getting on the show.
So thanks Corey for getting them.
It's a great interview.
You're going to love it.
And want to let you know that his interview is brought to you by our
friends at sling TV.
Sling TV has something for everyone.
All your favorite shows on your favorite channels.
All right.
At your fingertips.
What you watch is up to you.
It really just depends on what kind of a mood you're in.
So if you're looking for sports slings's got you covered with pro and college football and
basketball, baseball, hockey, soccer, golf, racing, and so much more. Sling also has reality TV,
so you can keep up to the latest gossip. Today's hottest shows on channels like TLC, Bravo, MTV,
and more. And if you're a news junkie, well, you can stay up to date on the news
with MSNBC, CNN, and Fox News.
Also, if you're feeling adventurous,
explore thousands of movies and shows on demand.
So what kind of mood are you in?
No matter what your answer,
Sling has what you need.
And getting Sling is easy.
You sign up and start watching in just five minutes.
You can stream on any device
and record
up to 50 hours with included DVR space. And the best part is you can pause or customize your
subscription at any time. So check out sling.com slash barstool for special offers. Sling, the live
TV you love for a price you love. And now enjoy Dino Cicerelli. All right, it's time to bring on our guest.
This hot-nosed right wing was never drafted yet, went on to play 19 NHL seasons with Minnesota,
Washington, Detroit, Tampa Bay, and Florida. He put up exactly 1,200 regular season points,
608 of which were goals, giving him the most goals ever by a draft-eligible player who was not drafted by an NHL team.
And in 2010, he was inducted into the Hockey Hall of Fame.
We're happy to welcome to the Spittin' Chicklets podcast, Dino Cicerelli.
How you been, Dino?
I'm great, guys. Thanks for having me.
Our pleasure. Where are you coming to us from?
I'm from Harrison Township, Michigan, just a suburb outside of Detroit,
about 30 miles just west of the city.
Nice.
You still in the bar business?
I know you had on some bars after you retired.
Yeah.
I don't know how I got into it.
Oh, I do.
I do.
Actually, what happened was there was an article in the story, because, story because you know pre-game stuff you know or team parties i was always running the music in the dressing room
like biz but you played so see so some story came out that i said you know
that after i retired i'll probably open up a bar so the one township called shelby township in
michigan uh reached out to me and said hey if
when you're retired you know we'll give you a liquor license if you want to open up a bar and
in our township and that's exactly what happened so basically give me a hundred thousand dollars
a liquor license and it's i'm going on my 20th year now so it's been pretty good it's been fun
i'm going to shift the focus of the interview to your DJing skills in the locker room. Now, how did you end up getting the Ox
quarter at that time? I think it was the eight track. And what would you play for the boys?
How would you align the playlists? Who were the go-tos? I'll leave it up to you to tell us.
Well, the best advice I got a long time ago, even when I was playing, if you can make 80 of the people happy, whether it's the guys in the locker room
or 500 people at my bar, you're doing a hell of a job.
So I obviously came up in the 80s, so it was a lot of the 80s music,
a lot of the rock and roll, you know, Def Leppard and shit.
I can't even think of them all now, but you guys, you guys don't know.
You're old enough to know all those songs.
Was there music in the locker room pregame from the time you got into the league or was that as the career kind of got on and technology, I guess, with like boom
boxes and shit got better? No, it was, it was music. I can't remember. I think there was a
certain time the music had to go off and, you know, I forget what it was, but it was always the music was always on.
And, you know, it was always upbeat.
You know, the Russians always wanted their own different kind of music, but they didn't have enough.
They didn't have enough guys in the locker room to overrule me.
And then the country gets a little painful, but you got to keep the guys from Western Canada happy. And that's how they get their juices flowing pregame. Yeah, we did. We got the country gets a little painful, but you've got to keep the guys from Western Canada happy,
and that's how they get their juices flowing pregame.
Yeah, we did.
We got the country going, too.
I remember that.
I remember even Stevie Eisenman, when I was in Detroit,
there was that era.
I can't remember.
It was maybe early 90s when the country really started coming out,
and I remember we were going to Calgary a bunch of times,
and the boys had the boots and the hats out,
and that's where we learned how to two-step.
I thought Stevie Y would be more of like a gangster rap kind of guy,
maybe like Snoop Dogg or something.
Maybe I'm not supposed to say that.
Stevie might get in trouble still.
Oh, I know.
He's wound up a little tight, but he's doing a hell of a job.
Now, Casey, you weren't drafted. Did that have anything to do with that nasty leg break you went through? trouble still so oh i know he's wound up a little tight but he's doing a hell of a job now case you
weren't drafted did that have anything to do with that nasty leg break you went through growing up
well that's i had everything to do with it uh i i was uh it was my second year junior and uh
and gretz is uh uh wayne wayne gretzky's first year he was in sous Sault Ste. Marie and I was in London. And we just, it was, we were just going into the playoffs.
And we were in the semifinals against Hamilton going into game seven.
And it was the night before and we just had a light skate at the London Gardens.
And I slipped on something on the ice and and I went sliding into the end boards,
and I broke my right femur.
Oh, Jesus.
Yeah, I was just coming off a great year or two, you know.
It's probably the only time I beat Wayne in scoring.
I ended up having 72 goals.
He had 70, but he had about three times as many assists as I did.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Well, I was actually in a  I was at an exhibition game.
I wasn't playing. Kid Taylor for doing broke his femur.
I will never forget the screams and the amount of help he needed.
Like, how was the pain on something like that?
And are you right away thinking, like, am I ever going to play hockey again?
Well, that I can remember because it happened.
It was right to the right of the net and, you know, the at the arena in London.
can remember it because it happened it was right to the right of the net and you know the practice at the arena in london and uh uh yeah i mean i was laying on laying on the ice and trying to sit
up if you can picture but my right leg where the break was went dead right you know what i mean
what and and uh oh yeah the screaming was was crazy you know uh it it basically took me two years to get back and um you know i don't you
probably know the rest of the story i mean i went through two drafts where i wasn't picked i mean
can't blame the teams for uh you know not one of these guys like it's like the old horse right to
break their legs the only good thing they didn't shoot me you know what i mean the glue factory here really there was only
two uh scotty bowman was in buffalo at the time he showed a little bit of interest but lunani was
in minnesota and uh you know his his thoughts were listen this guy could score goals before
before he broke his leg so let's give him a chance sign them to a minor league contract which they did and uh my
first contract i remember i was it was a two-way contract i make 18 000 i make 18 000 of them uh
playing with the north stars and 12 000 playing in oklahoma city so that was back in what 79 80 or
80 81 so anyway uh i got a second chance, made the best of it.
I started out pretty good in Oklahoma City.
I got called up three-quarters of the way through the season,
and that's the year we went to the finals and lost against the Islanders.
So going back just a little bit, when you have those two years,
you've been through this awful injury, and you get the two years you're non-drafted,
is that something that just drove you like complete complete fuel to be i can play and i can play in the nhl fuck all these teams who didn't who didn't draft me
well yeah the doctors obviously you know they said it was a severe break and they weren't giving me
you know whether they wanted to put it you know in my head that chances of me coming back weren't great yeah so you know
i wasn't going to let that bother me we had i don't remember the great uh he passed away a few
years ago don brankley he was a trainer for the london knights for yeah 30 some years he was uh
he was instrumental you know uh just talking to me going through treatment all the time and saying
look at you know you're going to get another chance you're going to you know, just talking to me, going through treatment all the time and saying, look, you know, you're going to get another chance.
You're going to, you know, keep working at the therapy.
And it took a while because it didn't seem like it was getting better for,
you know, the first year, the first eight months.
And then I started playing again my last year in junior.
I still scored 50 goals, but it just didn't seem the same.
And, you know, everything clicked.
I want to say the final year, you know, when I started in Oklahoma City,
I started scoring and I started getting the confidence.
And, of course, I'm playing with a little bit of chip on my shoulder
because I wanted to get there.
And, you know, I was pretty fortunate I got a second chance.
You just mentioned the London trainer.
Was he not living at the rink as well?
He's just this, like, legendary trainer that everybody knows about at the rink as well he's just this like legendary trainer that
everybody knows about at the junior level in Ontario yeah anybody that's ever played for the
Knights or you know back in that era yeah he he lived there he treated his players like the best
better you know like your parents and he was uh he was uh he was the guy that was like I said
instrumental for me you know therapy every day uh mentally telling me, hey, you're going to get another chance.
Don't give up.
And he played a big part of me coming back.
It must be nuts to see what the London Knights have turned into.
It's this monster franchise.
It's one of the best franchises in junior hockey.
They spend more money than the Dallas Cowboys on player.
But to see what that's worth and what the Hunters have done,
it must be crazy to see looking back at how long ago you played there.
Well, it was great.
We had an opportunity.
My brothers ended up buying the Sarnia Stinks, so we owned them.
Oh, nice.
Yeah, hometown.
But prior to that or during that,
we had an opportunity to buy the London Knights before the Hunters did.
And that was when we were in the old London Gardens.
But kudos to those guys, man.
They turned it around.
And it's like anything.
Those guys, Mark and Dale, these guys work their ass off all the time.
And they deserve everything they got.
And it comes back to recruiting for them, right? i mean you got you got the best players you're finding
the best players you're getting success you're winning and the people are going to come out and
they've done such a great job for and you know they they don't have much of a payroll you know
and they're getting 10 12 000 people a game so go figure good for those guys yeah they better be
buying rounds on the golf course yeah while we're on the sarnia sting um a current player that we're all watching tonight
and uh is steven stamkos did you have a say in picking him as did you do some recruiting there
how'd that all go well again i i was i was i was still involved but um not as much but i did see
him prior and yeah it was it was a no-brainer.
You know, when we picked Steven, I think he was first overall anyway.
And then when he did go to Tampa, you know, his first year there,
it wasn't, you know, I think during Rick Tocca was his coach.
So I don't think that was handled probably the first. It was Melrose.
It was Barry Melrose at the beginning.
No, Barry Melrose said, he goes, I don't think this guy can even play maybe.
And talk ended up taking over shortly thereafter.
And they had him on like a workout plan where he'd play one or two,
sit out and work out in the gym,
and then kind of get his strength for the NHL level.
That was Barry?
That was Barry.
Barry said he couldn't play and then he fired him.
No wonder he's not coaching anymore.
Yeah, that's why I'm doing television too.
I don't know shit about hockey.
So, no, it's great to see.
He's had so much success.
He's such a great player and such a great leader.
He's still sniping right now.
He's bringing this team back again.
This series is a long ways from being over, I think.
Dino, was Minnesota the only team that gave you an offer
after you weren't drafted?
Yeah, yeah.
They gave me one offer, and, you know, it was
I didn't care about the money, to be honest.
I just wanted another opportunity, you know what I mean?
And I wanted to make the best of it, and I was pretty fortunate I did.
Now, Oklahoma City, I've heard a lot of guys paid their
dues there. What's the atmosphere like? Is it
a big hockey town? You don't think of Oklahoma City as much
of a hockey town? No,
it's not. It wasn't, but
you know,
I remember all the guys, we all
lived in one complex. It was like 25
minutes away. It was across
the freeway from the biggest country bar in town.
So, you know, it's where we had our team meetings all the time.
But it was an opportunity again.
You know, we had a decent team.
You know, we were traveling the bus quite a bit down there.
You're playing in Texas and Houston and Tulsa.
Different hockey atmosphere
from what I was used to you know playing for London but again this it was an opportunity for
me and and I had some good people on my side. Well you referenced that first year in which you
guys made that cup run like was it playoffs where you really solidified yourself or being like I
for sure can play in this league,
I can be a top performer in this league,
and then also maybe proving to your coach at the time
that the next year it was automatic, you were coming in,
you had that spot solidified?
Well, I think it takes a while.
Yeah, I mean, I had some pretty good success.
You know, I was put on a line, kind of like I had a rookie line.
We had Neil Broad Broad my centerman
and Tom McCarthy was my left winger and you know that first round in the playoffs we played against
the the uh you know the uh the Bruins and I'll never forget that because we we went into the
Boston Garden and you know their their team they had Stan jonathan al secord uh o'reilly they had
they had a they had a real tough team and before the opening face-off i think there's we still set
a record for most penalty minutes in a playoff game uh all five guys on the ice not me all our
starting guys against their guys before the puck even dropped
before game one.
It was a brawl.
It was the old school.
Come on.
That's how game one started?
That's how game one started.
So they tried to intimidate us.
They tried to intimidate us.
And I remember Al McAdam squared off,
and Bobby Smith was out there in steep pain.
So we did pretty good in the fights.
And I think that's what really gave us
the confidence because we ended up winning game one i think we won the series it was a three to
five we won it in four games so i think that's what kind of started us off that year and then
we went into buffalo and beat them in five and then beat calgary in six and then we lost to the
islanders in five games so but uh i think that series against boston
really kind of gave us the confidence and thought you know what they're not going to push us around
i think uh your your mo and i think the the way that most people know you is your fearlessness
around the net tipping pucks and just finding a knack for around the blue paint how did you learn
that who was you know who taught you that Were you just always that naturally gifted around the blue paint?
Well, I think my game changed a little bit. You know,
when I was in Minnesota and even Washington, I was more of a, you know,
I always had a nose for the net. I wanted to score goals.
I think when I came to Detroit, I remember coming over and I thought, okay,
they got Iserman, they got Federoff, they got Lindstrom, they got Coffey.
How am I going to get on that first power play?
I better be in front of the net because I'm not taking any one of those other
guys' jobs.
So that's kind of where my game changed to more like in front of the net and
that part of it from a from a you know a positional player and
the best the best that what do you call it that somebody gave me was advice
i mean besides my dad my dad was pretty tough on me.
You know, he was always, you know, if I scored two,
I should have scored three, right?
And if we lost and I scored three, you know what,
I could have scored four, but he was always pushing me,
good and bad kind of thing, you know what I mean?
But the best compliment that I ever got was that I'm like a dog on a bone,
you know what I mean?
And I always wanted to score goals when I was a kid,
and I carried that through my NHL career.
Do you know, guys still really had to prove themselves in that era
as far as fighting.
How often did you have to fight, like every few games back then,
or did guys kind of leave you alone after you carved out a spot for yourself,
maybe using your stick?
Well, it's funny.
Lou Nanny told me my first couple years because, you know,
I wasn't going to back down even though I'm like a 5'10".
Lou Nanny brought me say, he said, Dino, you're 5'10".
You're fighting these guys that are 6'2", 6'3".
You're going to be out of the scene before you know it if you keep this up.
He goes, there's other ways of being tough by keeping your stick up.
You don't got to fight these guys.
And, you know, a couple suspensions a couple uh
a couple major penalties you know people around the league learn that you know you're a little
crazy and they tend to leave you alone a little bit yeah set the example early you got to get
respect one way or another and then you know unfortunately that's it's a game of intimidation
right so these guys uh everybody's always trying to intimidate, get you off your game.
You know, you gotta, you want to survive. The smaller guys want to survive.
You know, they got to fight back.
You mentioned your, you mentioned your father,
obviously very close to growing up, watching a lot of your games,
always driving with you and maybe talking about the games afterward.
Oh, all the time. Well, I mean mean my career in london you know with major junior a
you can go as far as sous-saint marie and subbury and i think over four years my dad maybe only
missed two or three games so no way holy shit he was he was always there he's always making the
road trips with the other parents a lot of uh a lot of homemade wine trips.
He pushed me pretty hard.
Some people think it's too hard, but that's what drove me to always be successful.
And a dad like that who was always there for you, but also, like you said, pushing you.
Is he forcing you to shoot pucks when you're even younger, before you went to junior you're still living at home stomp on the grapes all summer that's how we got the quick feedback listen i we we'd be playing in arenas even even in the
nhl we you know we'd be in minnesota i could still hear his voice yelling always you know what i mean
but they're the best that's your parents right so right? So they push you, but they love you.
And, you know, he was always there.
And even when we were in, like, Chicago, we played.
Remember the old stadium in Chicago?
They hated me there.
They hated me there because we played there maybe 12 times a year.
And so Al Secord, he was in Hamiltonilton we had the biggest rivalry right so we both hated
each other this guy would this guy motivated me to be tough too because he was bigger and he was
always coming after me you know so when we got to we play started playing these guys in chicago
stadium i always scored in that arena so they had the old chance going that Dean, you know, Dino sucks. You know, it was those years.
And I was in Minnesota.
They,
they,
that drove me crazy playing.
My dad would go to these games and,
you know,
got the whole stadium yelling at me.
He's trying to pick fights with everybody.
You can't go in that stadium and start shit.
You know,
I just sit there,
watch the game because they're going to be pouring beer on you.
And sure enough,
that's what happened.
You know? So I wonder where you got it. And sure enough, that's what happened, you know.
I wonder where he got it from.
He was a huge supporter, for sure.
That's unbelievable.
Dino, the decade you were in Minnesota, I mean, I think you were the only Hall of Fame on that roster for a good while.
And, you know, you had some good players there.
How were you guys so competitive?
Was it coaching?
Was it the players in the room, a combination?
Because, you know, you guys were in the Cup in 81, and then I got back a little bit after you left.
Yeah, well, like I said, we had some luck.
We had some good players come up in 81.
I think the next year we were first.
We finished first, and we lost first round.
But, you know, we had some good coaches.
We had some good players there.
Craig Hartsford was our captain for a bunch of years.
You know, Bobby Smith was a good leader.
Steve Payne, Al McAdam. Neil Brodden was probably, I tell people, he was probably
my best centerman that I've ever had. Even though I've had guys with, I've had Stevie as a centerman. I've had Fedorov for two years as a centerman.
But, you know, Neil was like the ultimate all-around, you know, centerman.
You know, he was out there every, whether it was for a face-off,
penalty killing, empty net, power play.
He was, you know, he was always looking for me.
You know, he'd be the type of guy who wouldn't shoot an empty net.
He would wait until I got there and dish it off to me you know what i mean so uh you know i was fortunate
to play for him for like eight years in minnesota uh there's a funny viral clip uh where scott
stevens is giving it to brian bellows i know you were not on the team when that ended up going down
have you seen it when they're chirping from the bench? I don't, but I can imagine.
I haven't seen that, but I played with Scotty for four years in Washington,
and we actually drove together to the rink because our houses were close to each other.
And then, what, a couple years later, we're at each other's throats
because we're playing each other in the finals.
You know what I mean?
Okay, so that was his game where he'd be chirping nonstopstop now what was brian bellows like as a guy because
i think you might be the first guy i've ever been able to ask and you played quite some time with
him obviously very skillful what was his personality like he was kind of quiet laid-back
guy you know what i mean uh you know he didn't really you know he really didn't kind of stir
stir it up a little bit,
but he'd stick his nose in there.
Totally gifted guy, great goal scorer,
but kind of quiet guy on the sidelines, though.
I'm going to have to send you that clip afterward.
I think you'd get a good chuckle.
It was Troche.
Well, it was Troche and was it  oh, did I say Scott Stevens?
I meant to say Kevin Stevens.
My apologies, my friend.
Well, Scott's got  he's got a few fights with a bunch of guys.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
I might have confused you there.
I'm sorry.
No, no, it's fine.
We all know Scott.
He's as competitive as can be.
It doesn't matter if it was his brother or his best friend.
He's going to play the same way and go after you.
Dino, I want to go back to Neil Broad for a sec.
I know he was a young guy, but he was part of the Team USA miracle on ice.
Did he ever talk smack to any of the Canadians
or any of the other guys in the room after winning the gold medal there?
Or did he keep quiet?
I mean, he's not too much about that.
You know, he's kind of laid back too, but, you know, likes to have fun.
But the ultimate team player, you know what I mean?
I think he ended up winning one or two Cups too with New Jersey.
And then, you know, obviously the gold medal and, you know, great.
He was a great, great player, great centerman.
Yeah, very underrated.
What about the trade to Washington?
I mean, do you know that's coming? I always get so interested in how people find out about trades if they knew
or had any idea it was going to go down what's your memory of that well i always tell everybody
that was i got traded i got traded for two hall of famers exactly that's how good you were
and then and then they threw in bobby no no i did then they threw in bob ross too
so me and bob ross for gardner and larry murphy so i see larry a lot here and he lives in the
michigan area so i always every time i see him i'm always joking him you know with uh with murph so
it gets him fired up i always got to end up buying him six beers he doesn't buy one beer at a time
he buys six at a time another underrated guy uh you play with uh rod langway he's another guy you don't
hear much about him as much as we probably should today how great was he man he was he's the ultimate
leader you know he's uh you know from the day i got there he kind of took me under his wing and
you know uh you know just super friendly guy,
the ultimate competitor.
I mean, there's a guy that worked his ass off nonstop.
He worked his ass off and he had fun too, you know what I mean?
This guy, after a game, probably heard that this guy would,
between him and Paul Coffey are the two guys that I've really seen that probably extended my career watching, you know,
you would think we just play a game and then you jump in the shower and go home.
But now a guy like Rod Langley and Paul Coffey,
these guys would be on a bike after a game after they just played 30 minutes, right?
They're on a bike for another 20 minutes.
And, you know, you'd ask these guys, like, what are you doing?
You just played 30 minutes ago.
Well, you know, just you take care of the legs and the legs take care of you you know and the difference between coffee and uh and langway though rod would get the bike stationary
bike he'd bring it in the sauna but chelios used to do this too but and then he'd you know he'd be
riding that bike for 20 minutes but he'd be sucking back a six-pack in the sun as well while he was doing it.
But, yeah, both great guys and kept themselves in great shape.
I always wonder, back in that day when you guys were flying,
you know, it was commercial, so you're flying the next day.
You always get to spend the night on the road.
Would guys go out to dinner and then hit a bar would you even do you just skipping
dinner after games going right to the pub well i mean that was i mean you did both right i mean
depending you did both right depending how the game goes in the city just and the city yeah good
point uh so it depends how the game went, you know what I mean?
If you won, obviously in your better mood.
If you didn't or what time the plane leaves
or what city you're going to the next day
or if you're playing back-to-back kind of thing, you know what I mean?
So, I mean, that was the one good thing.
The guys got to hang out a lot more together
and have a little bit of fun on the road.
As far as coaching, you went from Brian Murray to Terry Murray.
Was there any, any much of a difference between the two of them?
They always seem to.
Night and day.
Oh, really? Huh? In what way?
Night and day. Brian Murray, Brian, I love Brian Murray.
Brian Murray traded me for three different,
he traded me three different times.
So he, cause he was in Washington and then he brought me from
Minnesota to Washington and he got fired from there and he went to uh he went to Detroit and
then he he traded for me to come to the wings when he was general manager there and uh and then he
got fired from there and went to the Panthers I ended up going to the Panthers at the end of my
career with Brian Murray so he was he was a huge supporter to the Panthers. I ended up going to the Panthers at the end of my career with Brian Murray.
So he was a huge supporter of mine.
And, you know, I loved the way he coached.
Two different complete styles, you know.
Brian Murray would just respect, you know, the player that you were.
And he's going to respect that you're going to go out and work your ass off.
Unfortunately for him, you know, you're going to get 10 or 15 of the guys that you're not getting the best from, you know, versus a guy like Scotty Bowman that would not care who you were.
If you're not playing, you're not going to play. You know what I mean?
He did it here when I was here, you know, with with with with Iserman and Federoff and Coffey.
He had everybody pissed off.
And before the guys won the first cup here,
but I'll finish that story in a minute, but comparing Brian to Terry,
Terry was Terry Murray was a hard ass. And he was, he was Mike.
When I went from, when I went from Tampa to Florida,
Terry Murray was the coach. And I remember playing with pavel bury too he was
there he was towards the end of his career and uh terry's theory was you know there's no double
standards like if you're 20 years old or if you're 35 you're still going to skate as much as everybody
else right and that's what ended up uh screwing up pavel's knee and you know And that's what ended up screwing up Pavel's knee.
And you know what? That's what I ended up retiring. I've never skated
so hard in my life, you know, skate for Terry.
You know, when I was in Tampa Bay, Terry
Crisp was the coach. The contrast between
two coaches, when you get a little lower, I think you know
what you need and you know what kind of shape you're in, right? You don't got to skate
as much as a 20-year-old, right? terry was a hard ass you know i i think i really
believe if he wasn't coaching i probably would have played a couple more years wow but um you
know again coaching contrasts it you know they're gonna they're gonna bank skate the whole team
they're everybody's skating there's no, whether you're 40 or 20.
And, you know, obviously you disagree with that.
But it's, you know, and then when I come to Detroit, Scotty, Scotty was the same, too.
He let the older guys rest a little bit if they needed it.
And that's probably why I got traded here, because I didn't keep my mouth shut.
You know, I always said I said my speech at the Hall of Fame, if I because I didn't keep my mouth shut. You know, I always said, I said in my speech at the Hall of Fame,
if I had learned to keep my mouth shut,
I probably would have stayed with Detroit and had a couple of rings.
You know what I mean?
Yeah, you and Scotty went at it quite a bit, right?
You guys butted heads, didn't you?
Well, what happened was Scotty was a big believer.
And we get close to the playoffs and he wanted the guys fresh and rested.
And, you know you know like for example
we played in Detroit one night and we won I forget the score I had a couple goals and we went right
to the airport we chartered to Ottawa and because we played there the next night and you know we
have the team meeting at noon, lunch. I get up.
Assistant coach comes over to me and says,
Hey, Dino, he goes, Scotty's going to sit you tonight.
And I'm like, What?
What are you talking about?
He goes, Well, he wants to rest you.
Well, instead of keeping my mouth shut, you know, again, I go from scoring two goals the night before to, you know, I want to play.
And if you're not going to play me,
why don't you just leave me back in
detroit so i could rest why if i was so anyway that's those are some things where if i would
have kept my mouth shut and understood the big picture with with what he's trying to do
versus you know be honest being a little selfish right so but i i i've nothing bad to say about Scotty.
You know, it took me over 10 years to get in the Hall of Fame.
And then I heard behind the scenes, you know, when I did get inducted,
that somebody stood up for me and was your biggest supporter.
And they told me it was Scotty Bowman.
So it was pretty cool.
You know what i mean coming from probably the greatest coach ever to uh to uh getting me in the hall of fame
that that's amazing and and when you found out you were traded to detroit it was in the off season
right yeah it was uh yeah you must have been fired up though with like the talent that was there like
oh my god i'm going i'm gonna have a chance to win a Stanley Cup,
ultimately, and have a chance to at least go on some runs
with all these young studs they had.
Yeah, I was on a golf course.
We were golfing in Washington when I got the call,
and I thought, you know, because obviously I'm 30 minutes from my hometown
in Sarnia, Ontario, right?
So I'm going to a, going to a powerhouse
with, with all the talent and, you know, again, Brian Murray was a GM here and started me in
training camp on a line with Federoff or I mean, with, with Stevie Iserman, which played together
our first year together. And yeah, I mean, people ask me, I was here for five years. Where was your
best place you played? I mean, we were supposed to win the cup here five people ask me, I was here for five years. Where was your best place you played?
I mean, we were supposed to win the Cup here all five years I was here, you know.
And I think we won the President's Trophy a couple times.
I think we still got the record for most points for a team.
And, yeah, it was just robotic, you know.
I mean, we had a powerhouse.
We were winning games.
And it's just unfortunately the best team doesn't always win the Stanley Cup.
And, you know, we got knocked out first round by San Jose one year,
Toronto the next year in game seven.
So you just, you know, it takes a lot of luck.
It takes a lot of luck to win the Cup.
And I wasn't one of the fortunate ones to win one.
Was Scottie the same way with every player, though?
Not a lot of  is personability a word?
Yes.
Yes.
Personality?
No, no.
Personability.
Not a lot of tummy sticks going on, right?
He kind of left the guys in the dark and kept the very, like, you know,
the pecking order in line, so to speak.
Well, he knew how to win, and it didn't matter, like I said.
And I guess if I ever coached, I would be the same way because, I mean,
how do you  was it Larry Murphy?
Or not Larry Murphy, Larry Robinson.
These guys in Montreal said they hated Scot they hated Scotty for what? 364 days. And on the 365th day, you know,
they, they, they loved them. Right. Cause they,
cause that's when they won the cup. Right. So, you know,
to try and get the best out of all their players, you know,
it happened here in Detroit.
I remember sitting at the back of the plane and the bus and whether whether it was Stevie or Koff, they wanted out of here.
Like, screw this guy, screw this guy, right?
Because Stevie wasn't getting the ice time,
or they were sitting me out or whatever.
You know, we were all  his master plan was to do that,
to motivate everybody and get everybody playing on the same page.
And, you know, they got rid of me. that to motivate everybody and get everybody playing on the same page and and um and and
you know they got they got rid of me they got rid of coffee they got rid of primo uh you know they
brought in the right guys but scotty scotty just knows how to motivate guys but i think part of it
is is is you're going to suffer until you figure out what his master plan is and at the end end, you're going to be happy because you're going to win Stanley Cups.
Now, how did Stevie Y adjust to him right away?
Because, you know, he was still putting up lots of numbers.
I'll bring up Brian Murray's name again.
He was a coach before Bowman.
So did Bowman, like, sit him down and say, hey, we've got to kind of rein your offense in
so you play more defense?
How did that all transpire?
I don't know if he sat him down, but he sat him down where Stevie wasn't playing as much.
Or Stevie would take chances on scoring a goal versus playing defensive hockey.
He'd be missing shifts, and Stevie wasn't happy about that.
And that was a learning period that he had a plan for each player to mow them how he wanted them.
And that's what makes them probably the the
best coach ever you know to be in the game you don't really need to yell at them you just take
back their ice and that'll fuel guys enough right because you go from junior hockey where it's like
hey if you make the mistake they're just throwing you right back out there you start taking their
ice time away that's when you light a real fire under their arse yeah it's it was either take
their money or their ice time away,
and that's how you motivated guys.
I know in 95 you guys ended up getting to the cup final,
and obviously the Devils, they had such a great team.
But the year before, I was more interested because I was young.
I loved Eicherman.
I was 11.
He was my favorite player, so I watched the Wings,
and you guys got upset by the Sharks. That must have been the most shocking playoff defeat of your life, right?
Yeah, well, the Sharks, yeah, game seven at home.
The goals were so lopsided from the games we won.
Yeah, yeah.
You beat them like 10-0 all the games you won.
Yeah, and then they beat us by one goal.
And then obviously game seven when Ozzie came out of the net.
Yep.
And I forget who it was that got it on the side boards
and shot it in the empty net.
But, yeah, that was because the expectations were so high.
I don't know.
And then we lost to Toronto, too,
and I think the first round in Game 7, too, back here.
Toronto won a first round?
Shut up, Merle, you fucking asshole.
Or Chefsky or whatever his name way another russian scores in overtime
against us yeah we had some just again we were supposed to win almost every year here even
even when we went to the finals with the devils that was kind of disappointing because we lost
four straight the first two games at home were one goal games where we should have won. But unfortunately, you know, we couldn't get that series turned around.
And then 96, 97, I got traded.
I think I got traded in August, you know.
So that was probably the, you know, because, you know,
you got to go through that losing curve before you win, right?
Everybody says that.
And that's the guys on detroit went
through it unfortunately i left that year but i was still living in detroit i went to tampa i mean
personally i had a good year we missed the playoffs by one point but i had i came home and uh that's
when the guys went on the run and won the first cup so obviously happy for the city and happy for
the guys so but that was that was tough
to watch personally not being on the team yeah i i went through something like that and i was not
the player you were it was brutal but i had to ask because in 96 i think the one of the most
memorable things about claude lemieux's dirty hit on chris draper was you after the series
and the clip he's saying i can't believe i shook that fucking guy's hands so the the emotion was so high then huh well I think well when Drapes got
thrown with you know cross-checked in the boards I think we were losing two to one or three to two
I came so we're all focused and when they took him off the ice, nobody could really see the extent of the itch, how bad it was.
So that rivalry started when we lost the game and we went in the room and saw Chris on the table.
Like you couldn't even recognize his face.
That's how bad it was.
And the rivalry really started at that point.
And it was like, all right, we have to wait till next year to get back to him you know
and that's you know man to man that's what the plan was and of course i'm getting interviewed
after the game and then you know i said that because i seen chris too yeah and i think that
was the sentiment between all all the guys in our. If they would have known that, I don't think anybody would have, you know,
shaken his fucking hand, right?
Oh, yeah, you hadn't even seen yet.
Oh, my God.
I see what you're saying.
No, we hadn't seen him yet.
Nobody saw Chris because  so that happens.
The trainer, John, you know, he gets the towel up in the face right away,
and then they're going off the ice.
And then we're focused on the game.
We're losing 3-2 or whatever, so we end up losing the game, game six.
So we're out, shake hands, go in the room.
Now we see the extent of the injury.
That's when guys started getting pissed off and said, you know what?
We're going to get the son of a bitch next year.
And that's what happened.
Unfortunately, I got treated.
You missed out on getting to kill someone.
Yeah.
Actually, I did. i was in tampa i was in tampa we're playing we're playing colorado and it's because during
that whole playoffs colorado why was giving me the whole stick between the legs you remember
oh yeah he's getting the balls cup check fucking league was letting it go you know and because i never retaliated and he
never got called on those penalties but so fast forward a year later in tampa we're losing four
nothing there's maybe five minutes left in the game and guess what he does it again oh so i just
had flashbacks i turned around and i just two-handed him right across the chin. His mask went around about four times.
I look at the Colorado bench and here comes half the team.
Oh, no.
So I got my payback back a little bit, but I happen to be on another team.
I just want to go back playing with Fedorov.
I don't know how many guys.
We always ask about him because he's such like almost a mythical,
mythical player.
He was coming out with all the new gear.
Like Nike all of a sudden was in the mix.
You got this like he was like the next coming of a beret,
but like a better looking version.
Long hair.
Was it funny to see?
Because you were a little bit older at that point.
Like who the heck is this guy?
His Nike skates.
Well, I was married at the time, and he was getting all the broads.
So, story time from Fedorov.
Get the translator.
Yeah.
So, away from the rink, I saw all that excitement.
So, yeah, he's a pretty popular guy with the girls back then.
And, you know, I was able to see that.
You know, we obviously razzed him a little bit.
But from the playing side, we got along.
We were a great combo.
So it was me, him, and Kozlov on left wing.
And Sergei, we talked all the time because he wanted the puck, and I didn't.
I said, anytime I touch the puck, I'm looking for him. So I got him the puck, and I said, I'll be by the net. I didn't I said anytime I touched him I'm looking for him so I got him the puck
and I said I'll be by the net I'll find the holes this is exactly how we talked he wanted the puck
all the time whether it was in our end in the neutral zone or he was so gifted obviously
handling that puck right he had that ability like Gretzky did to have two or three guys that
would come at him you know and then you, we're going to be open, right?
So, yeah, my first year with him, I think that's when he won MVP.
He was like, he had 150-some points.
I had 99.
But the three of us worked, you know, we worked great together for two years
and unbelievable talent and ability.
So he was a great guy to play with for sure.
Yeah, Dean, I want to go with Tampa for a second.
I know Terry Crisp was the coach there.
You were, you know, toward the end of your career.
Were you brought into sort of a mentor role?
Did they bring that up?
Or did they just bring you in to provide offense?
I know there was still a relatively young team there.
Well, I got traded from Detroit, right?
So that was disappointing leaving.
So obviously, every time you get traded, you got a chip on your shoulder.
You want to show off.
You don't want to show your team you just left from that,
that they made a mistake, you know?
And so Terry was the coach there.
And I got off to a great start personally.
The team was doing well, too.
You know, I ended up being voted in.
I was first right winger, you know, all-star. I ended up being voted into.
I was first right winger, all-star.
And I remember, what's his name?
McLean.
Doug McLean.
Doug McLean.
Oh, okay, okay.
So anyway, Doug was the all-star coach too. So I got voted first all-star right winger.
So he started our line. It was me, Gretzky, and Lemieux at the all-star right winger. So he started our line.
It was me, Gretzky, and Lemieux at the all-star game in San Jose.
How cool is that?
That's unbelievable.
Took some pictures.
But anyway, that year, personally, I had a really good year.
Like I said, we missed out on the playoffs.
But, again, Terry Crisp was the type of coach that's like, you know,
if you don't want to practice, you know what you need.
You know, and he was that type of guy, you know you know i kept myself in good shape and that's what i mean
the extreme from you're going from a terry murray to terry crisp right to two different extremes that
you know i probably could have played a couple more years if i would have stayed in tampa
did you have roommates your whole time coming up until a certain point because uh i played with
joven oski and he told me one of the
funniest stories i've ever heard in hockey about you and how you guys were rooming together and
you guys got room service and you said hey go get the door and then the room service guy come around
the corner of the room and you're under the covers acting like you're plowing abroad Oh, my God. That's a true story.
I can't say I came up with that myself.
Paul Coffey showed me that one.
How many more funny things like that were you doing?
Like, you're just a clown, eh?
Well, I mean, it's frowned upon now, the whole hazing stuff, right?
And initiation.
Like, there was, there's a ton of stories. I probably,
you probably can't get into it from those ones off.
You want to keep those bars? Well, I mean, other than, you know,
my first year in Minnesota, you know, I was pretty cocky. Right. So,
and you know, you think you just got, you just get initiated once. Well,
I rewrote the book i got
initiated three different times so you know you know the the old story how they used to do that
they would shave you and they you know they they'd paint your whole body with stuff you couldn't get
off for two or three days you know uh i mean those were some of the funny things you know they they
tape you up to a chair and put you on an elevator and hit every floor, right?
You would have thought that would have taught you the lesson for getting a Scotty Bowman to keep the mouth shut.
But, no, not that.
No, no, I know.
But, I mean, there was some funny stuff, too.
Like, when we were in Boston, we always went out for seafood and lobster.
Right.
So I remember back,
I don't even know who I was rooming with.
They,
they took the leftovers from the lofters,
you know,
the big,
the body,
all that.
And somebody got to my room and they,
they took the pillow out and put all that lobster stuff inside there.
So it's pretty nasty though.
We, we, we work with a couple of buddies here at Barstool who said they ran into you.
I think it's, is it Puddin Bay, Ohio maybe?
Is that a good beer drinking scene in the summer?
You guys ever been there?
No.
What's the whole vibe?
Is it a lake?
It's the ultimate party, like boating town.
It's just crazy.
They must have seven pools
it's like being in vegas oh you know i mean you can get there by by charter but a lot of people
come by boat it's a it's it's just a it's just a crazy party atmosphere you're gonna you guys
are doing the show on that right well no we so those guys those guys the guys he met okay yes
so we have some guys we work with at Barstool,
and we're obviously a part of Barstool.
And obviously Corey ended up meeting you there, and he sent me a picture.
He goes, look who I ran into, Dino Cicerelli.
And obviously that's how we ended up getting you on.
But fuck, man, you're looking pretty good.
You could probably maybe play a couple more years.
Well, you know what?
I kept some of the good habits.
I still like doing cardio.
You know what I mean?
I still like working out. I kept a lot of the bad habits too. I mean, I the good habits. I still like doing cardio. I still like working out.
I kept a lot of the bad habits too.
I'm single now.
I've got four daughters.
Just enjoying life.
I've got nine grandkids.
Wow, congratulations.
I'm too young to have nine grandkids.
What's your go-to cardio?
The old guys, they love the bike. they love the bike they love the bike just
hammer it out every morning and again i told you i learned from paul me and paul used to be roommates
but i learned from him when he was in detroit and you know that doing the cardio and i've to this
day i still do you know i might take one day off but i probably on it five or six days a week you
know and there's nothing bad about uh doing the cardio you know what i mean keeps you keeps you I might take one day off, but I'm probably on it five or six days a week.
There's nothing bad about doing the cardio.
You know what I mean?
It keeps you thin.
If you're stressed out, you jump on the bike.
I've got to get back on it.
The beer tastes better after.
Is this a Peloton ad?
Is this a Peloton ad?
The food tastes better.
The beers taste better.
You know what I mean?
There's nothing wrong with it at all.
Dino, I want to go back a little ways. An old teammate I wanted to ask about, L.I.
Afraidy, when you were in Washington.
This guy was a legend when he was in a short time in Boston.
He was known for lighting up his cigarettes with a blowtorch when he was fixing his stick.
What was he like as a teammate?
He's cousins.
He's a third-gender cousin with me.
No shit?
I didn't know that.
Yeah.
Yeah.
So he's in the Detroit area too.
Listen, I love him.
He calls me cuz all the time.
I see him once in a while.
He's out on the water as well.
But yeah, I mean, weird bird.
But I remember we played together in Washington, but a great guy also.
He'd like a cigarette.
He'd have a water.
He'd have a coffee.
He'd have a shot of whiskey.
And he'd have a beer. I'll pour it right in front of him. And he'd have a water, he'd have a coffee, he'd have a shot of whiskey, and he'd have a beer.
He'd have four of them right in front of him, and he'd sip on them all.
But ultimate team guy, always having fun too,
and he's a great guy to be around.
Was that in the locker room or at the bar
where he'd have the coffee, water, whiskey, and beer?
Both.
Hey, I had one last thing written down here.
The stick swinging incident with Luke Richardson.
You mentioned when you ended up hitting the goalie,
I believe it was with Raw, when he gave you the stick nut tap.
What was the stick swinging incident with Luke Richardson?
Well, that was crazy.
That was crazy in Toronto.
Just a  it was a  you've seen the video.
You've seen the video.
It was an offside, and he kind of cross-checked me right just over the
right over the pants, right?
So it got right in the ribs.
I remember looking at the referee.
You can see it on video.
And no penalty.
So I  he comes towards me.
So I get my stick up again. i'm not going to fight him luke's what six three he's got me by 40 pounds so he came at me so i
just you know i cross-checked him once and then i went back three times and then i punched him
and then i jumped on him so anyway the whole thing is it it's it goes to court because somebody a fan in the
stands uh can press charges as stupid as it sounds so it went to court i ended up uh being guilty of
a misdemeanor assault and it was um um it was a circus in Toronto, as you guys can imagine.
I actually, they called it the pen.
I actually had to go to jail for like an hour.
I sat in this with all these guys in one big pen.
I had a suit on.
I'm signing autographs.
Like one of the Hanson brothers.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Cops are here.
Six of them. No, it was a media circus and uh yeah i was i i was i remember the judge saying he said i i can understand you he
said you went back and forth with the stick three times but he said then you punched them and then you jumped on top of them and and that's why i was i
was uh you know i got the misdemeanors yeah misdemeanor assault so i got one more for you
i was digging around on you the cicerelli bar it just looks like my kind of spot it has beer pong
poker karaoke so i'm gonna make a trip up there.
But do you have our Pink Whitney there is the question.
If not, who do we talk to to get it in there?
We don't carry it.
You talk to me.
All right.
We got it.
You know, it came up yesterday because, again, I was talking to some people.
We got to get that.
I'll get it in, I promise you, after this.
So I've been going on 19 years now.
Friday and Saturday night, it turns into, like, again,
it goes back to the music, right?
So on Friday and Saturday nights, I got the DJ.
We get 600, 700 people in there.
It turns into a big nightclub.
Dancing, like, music videos, you know, the fog, the light show.
It's Vegas.
Do you get the phone machine?
I'll show up.
I don't have the phone machine, but I got the fog,
and I got everything else.
It's probably three-to-one ratio girls,
and it's a very popular place on my side.
I don't know.
We're kind of into the Cocktoberfest.
What do you think, guys?
Do we show up?
Karaoke tonight, Biz.
We can make it in time.
We'll see you in a few hours, buddy.
We'll bring the Pink Whitney.
We'll bring a few cases for you guys.
You play golf?
I do, actually.
Well, I used to play.
I played a lot, but now, again, I live on the water.
I just got a brand new boat.
Yeah, it's one or the other, usually. You can't you can't do both yeah exactly that screws up your golf
and my foursome looks a lot better on the boat than it does on the golf course oh yeah
that's what the guy said about your recent trip to that pool whatever the i forget the name of it
missed something yeah yeah we had misties it was uh what was it called yeah i can't remember the I forget the name of it. Mist something? Pudding Bay. Yeah, yeah. Misties?
It was, what was it called?
Yeah, I can't remember the name of it.
But I had an attractive six on my boat, put it that way.
Yeah.
Nice.
Hey, if you ever need a spare tire, let me know, man.
I used to ride Taylor Pyatt's coattails.
I'll ride yours, buddy. All right, well, thank you so much, Dino. This was awesome. Dino, this was great, man. I used to ride Taylor Pyatt's coattails. I'll ride yours, buddy.
All right.
Well, thank you so much, Dino. This is awesome.
Dino, this was great, man.
Thank you so much.
I'm looking forward to meeting in person and hitting up your bar.
Club 22.
I heard a lot of good things about you.
I'm glad you guys got me on.
My pleasure, Dino.
Thank you for coming on with us.
Have a great one.
Man, giant thanks to Dino for an absolutely terrific interview love chat with
him absolute character hope you hopefully everybody enjoyed it as well want to let you know that his
interview was also brought to you by a body armor today's athletes deserve much more than your
grandfather's tired old salty sports drink which is full of artificial dyes enter body armor with
potassium packed electrolytes antioxidants b vitamins plus no
artificial sweeteners flavors or dyes body armor sports drink provides hard-working hydration
my favorite flavor i always say it's strawberry banana g i need to re-up on that i'm gonna have
some sent back up to boston because body armor helps today's athletes stay on top of their game
body armor helps today's athletes stay on top of their game. Body armor available for purchase in store and on Amazon now.
Wow, man.
Dino Cicerelli, unreal stuff.
Can't get over how good that interview was.
Hopefully, again, all you folks enjoyed it.
But, gee, we got to burn our time this time of year.
TV shows, movies, got to catch up on all that.
I know we talked about Maverick last week,
but have you caught the new Game of Thrones show?
What's it, House of of the dragon i have all right and i'm not much of a like i i
know we always talk about this in the early chicklets days but i don't really watch much tv
i don't really watch many movies so the second i house that they announced house of dragons
what's coming back that's really the only appointment television that I watch where I'm like, all right, I got to sit down at 8 p.m. on Sunday nights and watch this.
And holy shit, has this not disappointed one bit?
I mean, this we're two episodes in.
I don't want to get ahead of myself.
Right, right.
But it's slowly making me forgive them for completely butchering the last few seasons of that of Game of Thrones, because this has been incredible so far.
last few seasons of that of game of Thrones,
because this has been incredible so far.
One note I did have was I,
I need to watch it with subtitles because it's,
it's just,
I struggle with them talking the way they do,
which like,
it's like not English to me,
but I mean, it's so good.
The production is so good.
And when they played that intro on episode two from the game of Thrones
song,
Oh my God, I just, I got giddy.
What are your thoughts on it all?
So far, so good.
I mean, the only thing is it doesn't feel like totally new territory.
Obviously, it's not at the Game of Thrones.
So I think it's fun to watch, but there's also like, okay, yeah,
you're kind of like, am I going to put all this time in
and they're going to blow the ending again?
Because the last season, the last few episodes,
I mean, it really put a stink on the end of Game of Thrones.
But, you know, I'll be part committed to this.
I didn't read any of the books.
I'm certainly not going to at this point.
But, yeah, two episodes in a great.
I just, you know, everyone loves the dragons,
but you don't want them to be the focus of the show because, you know.
I agree. That's too much. That's too much.
Exactly. You can't have a dragon burn shit down every week.
I mean, you could show them flying or whatever, but, you know,
you don't want to go that well too often.
But, yeah, I'm very much pot committed right now.
Going back to the subtitles,
another great reason to have subtitles
is you actually see the words
written out of the places they go and the characters.
That helps me immensely.
It's just whether you can tell what they're saying or not.
That helps me follow a show,
especially one with this,
with so many different characters and stuff.
But yeah, I was impressed so far. It's good good i'm looking forward to the next episode uh another thing a
lot of people have been watching the woodstock 99 doc on netflix have you seen any of that
two-parter all right actually so i started to watch it the other day and i fell asleep
can you explain to me the woodstock 99 like what actually happened there because that that was
confusing to me the most because i remember Woodstock hearing about Woodstock in like the seventies.
I didn't know there was this big debacle in 99 as well.
Oh, wow.
Yeah.
Woodstock, the original 1969, it was, you know, peace, love, happiness,
the whole hippie dippy thing.
And they had a bunch of bands upstate New York.
It was three days of mud and sex and drugs and all that kind of huge
historic event.
And then the guy who started, I can't think of his name off the top of my head.
They actually did one in 1994 Woodstock 94, which it wasn't a disaster.
It wasn't a rousing success, you know, kind of came and went,
but then they want to do the 30 year anniversary Woodstock 99 same thing,
upstate New York. They found an old air force base,
which they thought would be a good idea to have a bunch of people outside
roasting in the hot sun with limited water and food and all this stuff.
And they booked a whole bunch of like, I guess you call new metal bands.
What do you call like Limp Bizkit and Korn, Rage Against the Machine.
Well, I wouldn't call them new metal.
A bunch of like, you know, hardcore rock and roll that, you know,
I guess like white frat boy rock, you might call it at the time.
Now, I remember this going on sale.
I had no desire to see it.
It wasn't up my alley. It wasn't my type of music. Uh, and it,
it ended up being a disaster. It was like, they, they, like I said,
they, they didn't have enough water.
They were overcharging for everything and people just went crazy.
The crowd got so riled up by the music, I think,
and the security was weakened. It became a disaster. And you know,
women were assaulted and there were fires and it was a real clusterfuck, um netflix did a pretty good job of breaking it all down they had you know the
talking heads on it and one of the promoters was he's a dickhead he didn't seem like he learned any
lessons it's a good watch it was like two i think two one hour episodes but there was an hbo uh doc
they did one about a year ago same with the same thing talking heads come on but the hbo was like
they had people
who aren't even there just kind of come and given their opinion and at the end it was like so
ridiculous they were they were trying to make the connection between you know a bunch of drunk white
boy like white frat boy types in 1999 were the same people who rushed the invaded the capital
and fucking two years ago it's like come on way like i i would love for them to find five people a few who are
actually at woodstock 99 who actually were at the capitol in january 6th or whatever year or two ago
it was just such a crazy fucking ridiculous leap of logic that you know this is what led to that
it was a fucking music festival so let me ask you all right have you ever been to any crazy music
festivals do you have any crazy music festival stories?
You know what?
Never been much of a music festival guy.
I was always just kind of a concert guy.
Although, does Kiss want to wait in Boston?
Do they still do the Kiss concert down at Great Woods?
They do, yes.
Yeah, they do.
Okay.
That was, I guess, the closest I got to a festival.
I want to say 1990 or 91 I went.
Aerosmith played.
They bring bands out for the whole duration of the day.
But it's one stage. It's not
like a festival, but that was the
closest. Festivals never enticed
me. It was just too many people, too much
shit going on. I never
won. I was sort of a one-man band type
of guy. Anyways, the
Woodstock Doc on Netflix is way better
than the HBO one. You can watch them both just to
compare, but the HBO one was a
little bit ridiculous at the end but um yeah pretty good checking out and then last week I mentioned the
show just before we went off air on Apple TV Blackbird um I don't think you got a chance to
watch yet have you G I have not yet no tremendous show I don't want to spoil too much it's about a
a guy who's who goes on he's in jail already Taryn Edgerton plays an incredible role he's like
a you know mob connected drug dealer and the feds like all right if you can go into this jail
basically undercover as a prisoner and and find out where this uh serial perceived serial killer
hit bodies will get your sentence cut but he has to go into this fucking insane max prison that
like you know with all kinds of nuts and that Paulul walt the house that plays the inmate uh the con he's trying to get you know confession out of or find out where bodies
might be hid gee they're acting in this is tremendous it's based on a true story too so
it's it's actually it actually happened uh me and my old lady watched a couple weeks ago if you got
apple tv highest recommendation just on the act that alone uh awesome story well not awesome
story it's about a fucking serial killer, but it's
tremendously well done. And if you do have
Apple TV, by all means, I
highly recommend it.
And one more thing before we go.
I have to recommend Surviving Barstool.
Eight Barstool employees stuck
in the office. I mean, it doesn't get
any better than that. Already episode
one, Tico had a freak out.
I'm team Tico. So like Tico,
I think Tico got railroaded. Absolute bullshit. Also, Eddie hiding his iPhone in the room when
the girls were talking. Just an unbelievable move. Stephen Shea, so diabolical. It's an
incredible watch. You can watch that in the Barstool Sports YouTube channel.
Absolutely. By all means, check it out. Guess what? I'm going to movies one more time before
I go to South Carolina. Guess what? Guess what? Old movie I'm seeing on IMAX this weekend.
I would guess that you're seeing Top Gun again because you love it so much.
No, not not again. Not for the fourth time, but.
It's back.
Yeah. Jaws for the first time ever.
And IMAX on the big IMAX screen.
I think it's in 3D in a few spots too, which is going to be pretty wild.
So, I mean, I've seen Jaws goddamn 100 times probably, but never in IMAX.
So I'm going to check that out before the summer ends, man.
It's Jaws.
How do you not see Jaws in IMAX?
So can't wait for that.
And yeah, hitting South Carolina and just going to finish off the summer
and get a little more RR and get revved up for the next season.
But can't wait.
But going to enjoy our break here.
And add a little bit to that IMDB page, all right?
Absolutely, baby.
Absolutely.
So like you said, G, don't forget about all our YouTube stuff,
Chicklets Cup videos, old interviews, Biz Does BC,
Biz Crazy Old Commercials, Jungle League, East Coast Series we got coming out this week.
It's called Biz Nasty Does the Coast, baby, all right?
Biz Nasty Does the Coast, baby. All right. Biz Nasty Does the Coast.
The next three Wednesdays, 8pm
Eastern on the Chicklets
YouTube channel. Let's go.
It's incredible content.
There we go, baby. Well, everybody have a
fantastic weekend. Hopefully you enjoyed
Dino Cicerelli and we'll see you in a week.
As you were. As always, we'd like to thank our awesome sponsors here on Spit and Chicklet.
So huge thanks to our longtime friends and fam over at Pink Whitney and New Amsterdam Vodka.
Big thanks to everybody over at Sling TV for keeping us entertained.
And a huge thanks to everybody over at Bodyama for keeping us hydrated.
Have a great week, everybody.
