Hey, Spittin' Chicklets listeners, you can find every episode on Apple Podcasts,
Spotify, or YouTube. Prime members can listen ad-free on Amazon Music.
Hello, everybody.
Welcome to episode 407 of Spittin' Chickens,
presented by Pink Whitney.
From our friends at New Amsterdam Vodka,
here in the Barstool Sports Podcast family.
The boys are back.
Summer is over.
Getting ready for another season.
Hopefully, everybody enjoyed their summer off.
Let's check in with the fellas first. It's been a long time, though.
Not a few Mikey Grinelli producer. What's going on, my man? What's new with you? Nothing, really. Let's check in with the fellas first. It's been a long time. I love you, Mikey Grinelli, producer.
What's going on, my man?
What's new with you?
Nothing really.
What's up, boys?
Great to have you guys back.
I mean, how do you follow up that intro by R.A.?
You can't.
That was unbelievable.
Grinelli's got nothing to say.
Everyone's been hearing from me all like the past few weeks.
They want to hear from you guys.
It was great to see you at the upfronts.
I want to hear about your 500 facial. Don't even facial don't even get me heads off your nose or what they give you a hand job and
yeah basically yeah paid 500 to get three or four pimples popped took two hours it was
the worst 500 i ever spent but it's great to see you last week, Whit, and we'll have a big announcement later.
But other than that, great to see you, fellas.
Jesus Christ.
Good to see you, G.
Of course, I've been seeing you every week.
Next up, the Dirty Desert.
Actually, you're in Vancouver right now.
Paul Biznasty.
You're like you're in an interrogation chair
or a game show or something.
What the hell is that?
I'm in my buddy's office right now.
Actually, my buddy who, remember how I did the sneaky banger,
the 10-face super rich?
My buddy flew them in from London to come play in his backyard
a couple weeks ago.
I'm at his place right now.
Boys, these guys are probably the best undiscovered.
Is that the word?
Undiscovered?
Does that make sense?
Undiscovered?
Yeah, that's what we're looking for.
Undiscovered band in the world. They've released two albums.
What kind of music?
We got a special guest coming in here, and he's giving me this fucking look.
He's going to dog this music.
And I want to punch him through a fucking Zoom call.
But it's that Tenthe band, and they rocked the joint out.
They've done two albums, and they were discovered when they were playing in,
what do they call the subway system in London?
Buskers?
Oh, the tube.
The tube.
Yeah, the tube.
So they were playing down there.
They got discovered, and all of a sudden they recorded two albums.
COVID kicked them in the dick a little bit,
but they're going to start touring again,
and they're trying to get the funding for a third album.
If you guys haven't listened to these guys go check out both their
albums you can listen to them front to back but what percent of this band do you own paul
i've actually i've actually seen them what percent of this band oh jesus he's chimed in folks he's
chimed in okay i've seen these guys live with really no
you fucking soft me you motherfucker introduce your buddy we'll get back to my boring summer
later oh yeah i mean we are joined by a special guest when was the last time he was even on with
us i don't know it feels like it's been forever i don't know but he looked like he was as slow
as me out there skating and skating handle still oh yeah keith yandel keith yandel joining the show
after uh yeah what seems like forever but we just got to experience an sec football game together
we'll experience we'll talk about that in a bit what's going on dude not much boy it's just
chilling um in florida right now just hanging out enjoying the nice weather uh glad to be on the
show obviously like you said it's been a while and i'm glad to be here right now just hanging out enjoying the nice weather uh glad to be on the show
obviously like you said it's been a while and i'm glad to be here right now it's been
busy couple months but uh it just feels right sitting with you guys right now we got to break
this awkward silence keith why did you come on the podcast today we have a you have a very band
oh my god i can't endure an hour and a half of this shit okay if you're gonna eat my
balls up down i mean you put that one on the ladies tea for him and he just ripped it no i
want public opinion to to have a vote if i'm over hyping or under hyping this band all right i'm
gonna listen i'm gonna listen and then i'm gonna go to a concert
with keith and then we're gonna celebrate keith's what with with 10 fan attendance yeah so uh just
coming on right now to let uh you guys know uh uh obviously i told you guys last night and um
you know letting the spitting chiclets uh crew and and you know all your guys listeners because
i think uh you guys and your listeners have been so good to me over the years i wanted to tell you crew and all your guys' listeners because I think
you guys and your listeners have been so good to me
over the years. I wanted to tell you guys first.
I'm shutting it down.
I'm retiring from the game of hockey.
What a run.
Literally taking my talents
to Salt Beach and doing nothing.
Congratulations, my friend.
What a fucking run, dude. That is crazy that you went that long i know it's pretty
nuts even saying the word it's like tough to say it but like after what you did buddy holy shit
congratulations yeah thank you it's actually like the last like year it's been like one of those
things i've been thinking about and just like, obviously, you know how it is with biz already, when you get a job one day, you'll know how it is. Um, you know, when, when, when
that's all, you know, in your life to, um, you know, to call it, uh, quits on it is kind of,
I mean, you don't even want to say quits, but just to call it an end is, you know, it's nerve
wracking. You're worried about what you're going to do, you know, especially this time of the year,
usually ramping up for training camp. And, um, you know, I think
for me, the last like couple of weeks, I've really, uh, been at ease with it and, you know,
really enjoyed spending time with the families and obviously being able to go on a trip with wit and,
uh, you know, that wouldn't happen in years past. So I think, I think for me, I'm really at ease
with it. And I, uh, looking forward to the next chapter for sure.
Did you like consult with any,
anybody who had already been through the process? Like, buddy,
it's such a life shock, right? Like for, for all of us. And like,
especially as long as you've been doing it and it's all you've ever known,
it's like, like who'd you talk to?
So I talked to, I talked to a bunch of guys, obviously with, you know,
yourself guys like Rick Nash, donor, Roberto Luongo,
you know, guys like my career. Yeah.
Yeah. Just, yeah. Just making up names, just guys that have, you know,
done it and then got right back into hockey and,
and just trying to figure out what the next plan is for me. And, you know done it and then got right back into hockey and and just trying to figure out what the
next plan is for me and um you know i think guys the it seems like guys are especially nowadays
really at ease with it and obviously we've been lucky enough to make enough money where you're
kind of not too worried about it that much but i think you better be at ease yeah i i think for in biz you mentioned
it a lot is is the the mental aspect of it just finding your way in life and what you're gonna do
and you know for me right now it's focusing on you know the next chapter and and being a good
family guy and stuff like that so uh yeah i think i think kind of the majority of thing that guys
have told me is once you kind of
once you know once your body tells you yourself that it's kind of time to shut it down and then
i think in time the time is coming i think for me it was this summer i had no interest in working
out um kind of it was just kind of at the point where i was like all right this is it it's it's
not what uh worth fighting for trying to, you know,
grind it out another year and, you know,
take the pressure away from the family.
I can be around.
So I think for me, it was just kind of,
I'm more at ease right now, that's for sure.
I was curious though, because at the end of the year,
and no doubt with what kind of happened
at the end of your season,
there's more that goes into it.
But at the end of the year, you're just done with hockey.
But then all of a sudden I heard through the grapevine and yourself,
teams are calling, Hey, you want to come play for this year.
And that's when I thought you might be like, all right, I'm not done yet.
But mentally it seemed like you didn't even really ever have any of that,
that thought of like, all right, maybe I give it one more year. Right.
Yeah. I was, I, even during the season last year, it was kind of,
I was at the point and you know, if I wasn't with more year, right? Yeah, even during the season last year, I was at the point.
And if I wasn't with Kevin or those guys in the Flyers,
they were the best.
The Dart League?
Yeah, to be in that locker room with those guys was so fun.
It made the year amazing.
We had the best time.
Obviously, on ice was difficult for everyone.
But that was kind of a thing where I was like,
if you go to another
team you're gonna have as much fun is it gonna be the same type of group um and i think for me too
if i wasn't 100 into it i i wouldn't put that on another team to kind of be like i didn't want to
be halfway in halfway out and uh once i knew i was 100 not gonna be into it i i figured it was time
to to hang them up. Have you worked out?
Oh, yes.
The last two weeks, I've been shooting hoops, playing basketball.
I've been doing cardio tennis.
So I've been getting some sweats here and there, but nothing too crazy.
What basketball sneakers are you rocking?
Depends what day it is, my guy.
Do you have the poser sneakers on with the
socks like the nba socks and shit no i wear a full uniform got a headband the armband uh
but also like being able to like live life balanced it gets so crazy for that many years
like you're just you you can't do anything on your own free will other than like what like they give you a christmas and then all-star break and then yeah but even then you're
still like you you can't be dialed out you know you you might hit the tequila bottle like one
night and then you're already like oh fuck now i gotta like you know cut the weight of this get
back on the ice get my edges back fucking figure out the power play yeah yeah so that that part's been great um
especially now like seeing the guys i was just out in vegas um oh tell us about that weren't you
doing the interviews yeah i was doing the interview just like just in just fun stuff with the guys
doing it was like a golf simulator um but just seeing those guys and like they're they're so
ready for the season to start you know that yeah week before camp you just you just want it to happen i wasn't i'm like well i was actually panicked and i was like i'm
overpaid and out of shape yeah i'm like calling infomercials i'm at the ymca hydroxy cut for three
days remember hey remember i was taking like jack 3d at one point and my guy uh pretty sure that's
illegal on my oh shit uh that's on the band substance list biz i'll get my fucking blood
drained like a day before i can't show up no blood um yeah so i i think uh with that just
seeing those guys like the way that they've been grinding all summer, it's been nice to,
but it also, I was like, Oh God, you feel a little lost around this time.
You're like, Oh God, I feel like that's a tough time.
I feel like I should be somewhere. Yeah.
Funny enough though, this was the exact time basically that I retired,
but I had gone to camp in Europe and it was nice. Cause fall golf.
So at least down in Florida is the weather gets nice, I, I give myself,
I give yourself no grant when, when I was done, it's not married,
didn't have kids,
but I give yourself a year to just really enjoy life and then be like,
all right, I got to do something. Yeah. Yeah. That's, I mean, I,
the summer I enjoyed it a lot. I'm just traveling, doing stuff.
And you know, when you, during the summer,
like you do go
on trips and stuff but you're still working out you're still like eating well um but but this
summer it was just like kind of a little bit of a little bit of everything enjoying my time and
and uh yeah i'm definitely in a good place so i think it's fair that we go back to last season
and you know as much as the team suffered, like the group of guys.
So you, you said you've never had so much, maybe this is the problem.
You've never had so much,
as much fun as you did in last season with that group of guys in
Philadelphia.
Yeah. And that's no offense to any other team that I've been on.
Obviously I've had great times everywhere, but this, this group was in,
I mean, I was there with Kevin.
So it was just like every day it just jokes, but yeah, we had a great time. And I mean, we,
in the beginning of the year when we were doing good, it was kind of,
it was dialed in, you know, you know,
I wouldn't say we'd like guys weren't out partying and all that stuff and
acting crazy, but we, we had a great time in the locker room,
even towards the end of the season when you weren't winning it's you know it could have been a lot
worse coming to the rink but the guys there like lots and uh tk sani uh nick sealer like i think
you're just excited to see guys every day and uh we we definitely had a blast obviously not the
best uh outcome of the season but it was a it was a lot of fun. I played golf with eight of them.
Good dudes.
I mean, Torts loves their locker room too,
so that's good they got another fan in him.
No, that's kind of why I wanted to get going that direction.
What do you make of his comments?
Just trying to stir it up?
That's such Torts 101.
Oh, fuck.
What did he say?
Mental warfare before camp.
He said, like, I got serious concerns about that locker room.
But that was like
how much of a guarantee was that i mean that's kind of what he what you know he's going to come
in and do is call out the culture he said hands throws darts like a sissy yeah that that that
room is um i mean you can say what you want about it with the season last year and everything but
that's a group of guys that really care they they care about each
other they care about you know the the jersey the you know the organization playing for the fans like
that team really cares and um i mean you got coots who's been there for i think 25 years and he's i
think i think he's 26 but uh you know guys like that, like those guys, they're so dialed in to making that team better.
And you look at the team last year,
Kutz was out pretty much the whole year.
Hazy was out pretty much the whole year.
Ryan Ellis was out pretty much the whole year.
Like those are, if you lose three of your best players,
and there's even more guys that miss time too,
but it's like you miss guys like that,
like your team's going to suffer.
Is Ellis playing this year? Is he still hurt i think it was it was a hip right he had a bad hip i'm not sure what he had to be honest motivator cuff are you like at like training camp instincts
like especially this week like where you did it every year like you kind of like almost like yeah
you have that dream like oh shit i have a, he did the wind gate before he came on.
Yeah, I went to the rink the other day.
My card was declined, though.
They wouldn't let me in.
That's because you're plus minus last year.
Just a minus.
Yeah, not too bad, especially I think earlier in the summer, I kind of got it a little bit where I
felt like I should have been doing stuff when I wasn't but um I'd say the last I'd say two weeks
I've been kind of where I'm at a point where I'm like all right it's over it's um happy I'm able
to kind of do what I want and um yeah I haven't really had those dreams yet where I've been
missing something but I'm sure they'll come hey let me ask you this one this is a bit of a curveball so uh is it true that that when huberto was called by zito to tell
him that he was traded huberto goes to who and then and zero goes calgary he goes fuck you and
then hung up i don't think he said it about where he was going i think he was just i think it was more oh yeah yeah
i don't think he i don't think he said where am i going i think it was more of like uh
you traded me are you fucking serious type thing um okay especially coming on after 150 points or
whatever yeah the way i phrased that that could have maybe got him in trouble yeah i got you like
oh shit eight year fans are like burning his jersey already like
he's actually i was with him i was with him this weekend in vegas and he is fired up to be there
like he yeah he's pumped what's he gonna do with the mclaren didn't he have a mclaren or something
yeah no i mean he has everything he had lambos ferraris um he's got the chains on the tires.
Just bust it around.
Yeah.
I heard a hilarious story.
Keith,
Ned told me a story.
You guys all played golf.
Hubie at the Grove. And apparently like he was just spraying his driver all over the place.
And he had his driver and they were like adjacent to Rory McIlroy and the
cat.
He just took the driver out of his hand and handed him an iron.
No, it was on the driving range.
And Rory was like on the, on the chipping area or putting area.
And Hubie's launching drives, but he thinks he's hitting it good.
And he's like, Oh, it felt so good. It felt so good.
And I guess the caddy was right behind him going, Oh boy, get down, get down,
get down, get down. Like talking to the ball and he'd be like, it's the driving range.
What are you talking about?
He's like, Rory's over there working on a short game.
Let me grab that driver from you.
Why?
He was slicing it that bad?
Yeah.
I think he was like the furthest bay over and like where the chipping green
is or wherever it was just, he was in, he was in a war.
Ripping.
Right.
That's kind of cool.
So what Rory's just buzzing around the Grove?
All those guys, yeah.
There's a ton of pro guys up there.
See them all the time.
Wow.
So you're a member there, and you get to buzz in.
Do you ever golf with any of the big dogs?
I mean, other than MJ, of course.
I don't kiss and tell.
Oh, okay.
Oh, it's like a fucking cult that you can't talk about?
It's like the skulls.
Yeah, I think so.
I don't really want to.
Okay.
Fair enough.
Keith said you're going to take some time with the family, obviously,
but like looking ahead down the future,
is a front office something you might want to get into further down the
line or you're just going to cross that bridge when you get to it?
Yeah.
Give me a PTO.
Yeah.
That's kind of,
that's kind of the stuff that I'm thinking about right now,
whether I want to do
media or get on with a team or um so i think for me like whit said earlier it's kind of taking a
little bit of time and figuring out exactly what i want to do because like i said i want to be 100
committed to what i want to do and um that's kind of all i know is when when you kind of
say yes to something you got to be to be a hundred percent committed to it.
So I think for me,
it's just taking some time weighing the options and,
you know,
see what I can do.
I know a guy at TNT.
If you want to get over there,
we got to talk about this.
We got to talk about this bachelor party down in Georgia with,
with Keith.
Like what was the details on that,
man?
You got to fill us in on this stuff.
I thought I did.
Did I mention it on the show we were on,
but my,
my brother called getting married in a couple of weeks here,
we did his bachelor party in Georgia. And the backstory was, Keith,
would you say it was like six years ago that we decided to pick seven years
ago? Yeah. Yeah. We just we needed a team. So we picked Georgia.
They end up winning it. gets engaged perfect batch probably 25 guys
i was blown away at this setup now granted i've never been to anything like this i've never
experienced like a true college town especially the sec the campus is beautiful it's pretty big
all these old buildings and then right in the middle we're going to the bookstore because i
had to get i had to get gear for the game right in the middle
smack dab of this campus is this monster beautiful stadium that probably held i don't know 85 000
people that's that's a rough guess and from like the bookstore area you can actually kind of see
into the field like one end is lower it's not a complete wraparound this place was packed to the gills they were playing the
worst team possible the tailgate we got a tailgate set up this big ass tent my brother sean found a
great spot they brought you chick-fil-a barbecue we started we got there at 11 the game was at four
they got a big screen tv set up with all the other
college football games so we gambled the noon games i was there thursday night kind of kept
it in check somewhat friday night wrecked when everyone came we played golf friday at the worst
golf course well the worst greens and then saturday woke up and everyone met and we just
got after it and then had Saturday night and I was leaving.
Dude, I had to see the doctor.
I woke up Sunday morning and, you know, you get a cramp when you wake up and it's like the worst three seconds, but it goes away.
I was screaming.
It was the worst pain I've ever had.
Five, six seconds.
It released a little, but was fucked up still.
I'm talking.
I was limping for three days.
I had to go see the doctor.
I thought I might have tore my Achilles or something.
And he's like, yeah, man, basically you pulled your muscle.
You can pull it like this.
You pulled it with all the pressure to the inside.
And man, that bachelor party has been the end of me.
The end of me.
It was so fun.
Dehydration.
Wait, how big was that bookstore?
Oh, biz, this bookstore. It was the size of oh biz this book it's never been in one
yeah there's no books in the i didn't see a book in there keith besides like a baby book to say uga
yeah no books i mean the the the best part was for for at least us it's like a bar town too so
there's three streets just past the football
stadium couple streets up right in a row parallel to each other just 10 bars on each so it's not
even like you have to go to like there was a frat party this frat kid like he's like you're pink
whitney guys like i'll have a frat party 1500 people tonight and he's texting another kid in
the group like a picture of the frows i'm like dude no no fucking way yeah no give me the address i'm actually gonna go 50 miles in the other direction
like wit said we were 25 guys deep we probably spent 380 bucks in everyone
how cheap is like it was like i was like i'll take 20 high dude she's like that's 41 dollars
i was like what yeah it doesn't makes no sense so hey but like as far as a college atmosphere
it's it's crazy what these kids play in front of it's it's like going going to the nfl like
other than money is a bit of like a downturn 100 because these people are so dialed in from
i mean you were there Thursday,
but like Friday, everyone's ready.
You walk, like I was walking through the airport and stuff like that.
I had a UGA hat on.
Everyone's like, go dogs, go dogs.
Like people are so fired up for the game. Sick them.
Sick them dogs.
Fucking religion down there.
But I'll say this.
I've been to a Patriots game, been to a Steelers game,
been to a couple others not jumping to me right this moment.
That was the best atmosphere prior to kickoff.
Fired up wise, like the amount of kind of passion within the fan base, I'll say, as opposed to the corporate part of the NFL.
I love the NFL, but that experience was nuts.
I want to go down every year.
I said I want to maybe bring my kids down to a game, get a babysitter for me
and go out at night. Ryder,
this is Teresa. She's a senior
studying grad market. I'm going
out to the bars at the campus
again, but it was great.
It was great.
Hey, Biz, we're just a few weeks away from
kicking off another NHL season. Like I said,
make sure you stocked up on the old Pink
Whitney, the birdie juice,
the five times distilled vodka infused with fresh pink lemonade flavor.
So if you're out there, enjoy a chilled shot, mixing some club soda,
however you take it, grab some of that good old pink Whitney.
You did a massive pink Whitney tour at Western.
I understand you threw your back out somehow.
What the hell happened here, buddy?
Okay. Well, I threw my back out like, like recently that was,
that was probably from carrying the...
I know, buddy.
The L5S1 ruined...
Carrying the show?
No, maybe...
I thought you were working out and eating well and like...
Buddy, I haven't had a drink for two weeks.
I hit the reset button on that.
I've been working out.
I was doing the grouse grind in Vancouver,
which my best time was 52 minutes,
for those of you wondering.
Some people... I told you guys about this hike. some people show up in fucking jeans and high heels they think it's
just like oh like a little hike it's like no this is a fucker it's it's called the grind for a
reason are you running or is that 52 minutes walking hiking you're basically it's it's on
an elevation like this pretty much like at least 45 so you're just basically on the stairmaster
the entire time it's it's very challenging i would do that every day i think if i could
the reason the grouse grind yeah the reason i was doing it is like you know you get up at seven
o'clock you know you're there by like 7 45 8 9 o'clock you're done you're done you feel so
accomplished like the rest of the day you just feel like you're playing with the house's money
so i've been getting up yeah early um the mornings here and working out but i don't know if i i've been doing body
weight stuff but i think i just maybe overdone it a little bit and i threw uh threw out my l5s1 but
um i'm getting treatment here i'll get that figured out but the pink whitney tour was awesome
we actually have the vlog coming out next week and uh guys we're just overall just excited for another fucking season man it's so
happy to be back oh my god it was nice to walk down the mountain no no you get uh helicopter
no he does another one of those uh videos oh it's a gondola down that is walking down the worst to
to go back to the end of that tour r.a it finished in
vancouver i got to spend some times with my friends and friends in vancouver for a couple weeks there
it was great same like a shit you were talking about yan just like going out for dinners and
like not worrying about like who we got to fucking interview next week or you know what we got to
talk about or what i think about this trade so it was good and then i and then i booted over to my
place here um on the water in Victoria, BC,
Victoria BC will be a place that I'll always come back to.
This will be my Canadian residence for the rest of my life. It is.
It's fucking awesome. They got a great golf club across the street. VGC.
I think, I think I could convince them to get a sandbagger in there too,
boys. Maybe we'll go you and hazy round two out here.
And I'll have you guys stay at my place yeah we'll feed you this time so you don't have an excuse but it was good man it
was it was great to dial back and just kind of you know like i said hit the reset button because
fucking in two weeks man we're back into it we're in pittsburgh we got the live show we got plenty
of awesome stuff can we talk about the live show? The amount of time it sold out?
Eight minutes, Jens.
I saw that. I was so happy.
Jens, want to come?
I have a member
that week.
He's going to be playing
with MJ and Rory.
No, at my other course.
His other golf course.
Hey, guys, speaking of the
live show, we are going to be putting
some more tickets on sale
this Thursday at 3 p.m. We had
some tickets stashed away. So this
Thursday at 3 p.m., barstoolsports.com
slash events. How many
we got left? Hey, I was talking to
Sid about this the other day. He was
so fired up for it.
He was like, these guys are unbelievable
they're bringing it to pittsburgh come on i feel like you're about to tell us like you never went
to the concert my leg big so pull my leg right now i swear on our friendship he was like it's
unbelievable that they're doing that and he told me who else was coming out i don't know if you
guys have announced it yet i let them chop my foreskin off live on stage if he showed up
no he has a game.
Oh, no, no, not on the live show day.
They're playing Thursday against the Coyotes.
That's their home opener.
Going to get upset by the desert dogs coming in.
And then they got Tampa on the Saturday.
So if you want to come in, Yance, it'd be nice to see if you want to tell Rory you're busy.
Oh, so both Tampa teams are in Pittsburgh that weekend, huh? I just realized. Tampa, the Lightning correct and the box sunday we're definitely going the game sunday right box is the game over there oh yeah they do that a lot all right wow he might
be hitting up diesel with us i think he's on the i think he's single now he might come come over to
mario's i know are they done i don't know you tell us y they done? Lots of. I don't know. You tell us, Jens.
What's the cult saying?
I don't know.
TB 12.
You're not teeing up with TB 12.
Getting your berries in on the first tee.
I did love his answer, though.
Like when the media was like, we're waiting for the 11 days of camp.
He's like, I'm 45, man.
I got a lot of shit going on.
I was like, absolutely, dude.
Fucking get old, man.
Life gets tough.
Perfect segue.
You just mentioned sandbaggers
uh we got one coming this week if i'm not mistaken right kylo posto matt molson is that dropping
soon or what that's dropping wednesday we're gonna drop the pink whitney behind the scenes vlog with
ricky carlson and uh in memes but we figured it's been far too long since you guys have seen a
sandbagger so uh pasha's been editing and and actually going back to um stuff
that we dropped during our time off here uh sean another guy who's going to get some time off here
sean apuzzo he he joined the podcast i believe just over a year and a half ago he worked his
balls off on that echl project we dropped on youtube we I couldn't be happier for the guy he's going to be going over to
Germany I don't know
Grinnell you tell me like I Sean
single so he's going to go do some damage in
Germany
what are the dating slash
fuck apps going on over there he's going to go
lay off some steam
he doesn't need the dating apps with the
product he just put out in the spit and chiclets
YouTube page oh yeah he's going to be fucking all the product he just put out in the spit and chiclets YouTube page. Oh yeah.
He's going to be fucking all the,
the EBR groupies over in Germany.
And they're speaking of EBR.
EBR right now is on today with a win.
I think at Denmark,
he's 16 and two in his last 18.
So Matt Murley,
you guys all know him and we got to shout out.
He even made sure I shouted out his buddy, Hamish.
That's the guy's first name.
He's an animal.
He was at the Packers game.
He was at the Packers game with Pink Whitney Chicklets merch standing outside the gates.
And that's why he guaranteed he ended the weekend with a Packers cover.
So I thought you are right now.
I thought you were going to say he was like the lead of officials in the in the league league he's 16 and two on nice thing to be aware they own that he owns the
league that he's winning it oh but hey sean's gonna have a good time well deserved and for
all of you who are listening who haven't seen those uh what do you think of them yans you
watch all three of them yeah which one was your favorite uh i actually really liked the
nesbitt one that one was really good just like just to see a guy grind like that and like to
get some recognition like you guys coming in probably made his life you know doing that and
um the wheeling wheeling one was funny when you were telling the story about jumping over the car
they didn't believe me nobody's like how have you never met it's not
of course not adam henritt said he wants to come on the podcast this guy it was a space cadet when
you played i played i still don't like believe it kind of but i believe you but i'm still i still
i don't understand like how this would even look like how was the car even going fast enough for
you to oh it fucking peel it buddy it peeled out of that spot i was back to where my car was it hit it in reverse
he wanted to try to flee this scene from hitting my my bumper and then when he when he hit it in
reverse to try to like fuck off he stalled it so i fucking walked over like a brisk walk over and
in the walk over it just clicked it's like boot fuck his rear view mirror off so i fucking take a couple kicks at it boot fuck it off i start
walking back to my car and then you hear that finally it got going and then he fucking beeline
right at me and i fucking jump squatted i toe tap like the roof part where like the glass meets
but it was a fucking adam hendricks lost his mind he was on the side of the road
like what the fuck just happened you're like my l5s1
is that how you got that cut on your hand what the hell is that no buddy no no no the other one
your right hand a new tattoo no no look at his right hand no okay so here we go okay so you guys will have a good lap
so gangrene it's no no no time out pump the brakes so when i first got to victoria that
first weekend was when we had the tenfe concert so i'm at i was i was like hey i'm gonna take
some time off boozing i'm gonna get really dialed into the fitness stuff i go for a bike ride on that monday i'm changing tunes and i hit this
fucking curb that has a ramp on it and i go ass over tea kettle if you go on the youtube channel
to watch the episode i'll send you guys the picture i lost the skin on my palms dude i was
do you have a helmet on oh no buddy i'm telling you what i have helmet but i wasn't wearing it because it was just
supposed to be like a little joyride cruise with my tunes on you know nice little monday casual
buddy i'm fucking out my buddy was long enough ago where you still have like the blood scars
it took a gouge out of my palm i think i might have lost the put like it looked like a piece
of fucking sashimi had A piece of yellowtail
sashimi had fallen off me.
Three months ago, Biz, three months
ago, you were saying you could do the tour to France.
Doesn't even seem like you can ride a bike.
Oh, so weird.
Very true, though.
That's such a producer line memory
there.
Credit to the guy getting 500
facials.
Biz, we missed you in New York City.
He paid by an inch on his nose.
Yeah.
Last week, Biz, we were down for the up-fronts to basically wiggle our tits for the advertised down New York,
and we had a huge, huge announcement
that I'm going to throw to our producer for
because he was instrumental behind the scenes
to make it happen.
This is awesome.
This is fire away.
Yeah,
this is a,
it's pretty cool.
Some major news.
We will be broadcasting the NYPD versus FDNY hockey game at UBS arena in
April.
We'll,
we'll also be releasing a documentary about the game and all the stories
and stuff behind the scenes.
And I mean,
this game is absolutely insane.
They sold out MSG in 2021. They sold it out the next year at UBS. And it's actually pretty
crazy how this all came to be. In 2021, like I said, I was watching it and I immediately, that
was for the 20th anniversary of 9-11. And I was enthralled with the game. I immediately texted
our videographer, Sean, and I was like, we need to film a documentary about this game. It's
absolutely incredible. So flash forward to April and we've now spoken to the FDNY, NYPD, and we're going to start
filming this documentary.
And so they invite us out to the game at UBS.
And before the game, I'm chatting with Jimmy Hall from the NYPD.
And I don't see any ESPN trucks.
I don't see any media or anything.
And I asked him who had the rights for the game this year.
And he said, no one said nobody was broadcasting the game that year and i mean immediately i'm like well
can barstool stream this he was all in we spoke to frank heel the fdny they were all in uh brandon
mim from barstool kind of took over got the deal done and uh now the chicklets boys are entering
entering the world of uh live broadcasting what a fucking move by you and Sean.
I am so fucking thrilled about this, G.
Can I be between the benches, guy, or is that you, Biz?
I already fucking  I thought I called dibs on that.
You're not calling dibs on that.
No, no, no, no, no, no, no.
After your performance at the Chiclets Cup, I don't know.
What?
I was played by  I was color commentary at the Chicklets Cup.
Why?
Okay, so you want to be the Pierre Maguire.
It gets thrown down to you, and you just what?
You update us on what's going on down at ice level,
and then it gets thrown back up?
Yeah, between the benches.
I mean, you know, I'm flexible.
You know, I'm a team guy.
It's pretty tight in there.
Should we flip a coin for who gets to do it between Witten and Wright?
I'm such a classy guy, R.A.
You can take that.
Witt just found out about something better.
There you go, R.A.
Nope, nope, nope, nope.
I'm giving you the between the benches,
and I think you're going to crush it.
So pressure's on, but you got it.
I think this is the year of R.A.
Your bets have been insane in the group chat.
Yeah, say Sunday.
What happened Sunday with your action?
What do they do?
Is it Asian culture? They have the
year of the tiger. Well,
it's the year of the rear.
The year of the warthog, baby.
The year of the warthog.
The wit dog asked me
for an NFL win yesterday.
I said under Pats
was a 41. They ended up with 30 points.
I said under 19 and.5 points for Pittsburgh.
Squeeze that out.
Miracle, though.
I had Arizona yesterday.
They end up tying it late, get the two-point conversion.
I had over 22.5 points.
So I actually went over their team total on the late there,
two-point conversion.
And then I had Justin Fields' first touchdown last night.
Basically, everything came up Milhouse yesterday.
But, of course, we'll see what happens next week when I give it all back.
Unbelievable.
The year of R.A.
That's your between-the-benches guy for this game.
And so, G, like, I think you guys have already filmed some stuff.
What are the big storylines?
Like, is there some really bad blood, like, to, like, the point where there's,
like, too much hatred?
Quickly, at the
upfronts. Gee, I, I, I got to chat with a bunch.
I didn't meet any of the police,
but I was with like five or six of the firemen and Rico from Barstool.
He was a former firefighter. So he was there.
He's a buddies with a bunch of them. And what was cool. I didn't know.
They don't play each other now at all. That's the only time once a year,
they used to like be in similar tournaments and sometimes play against each other it's kind of
the message i got now this is it and when i saw the one on espn i think it was kevin weeks in
buchagras the amount of passion the the physicality of the game this is the perfect perfect thing for
us to dive into so i didn't mean to cut you off, G, but I'm fired up.
Oh, yeah.
No, I mean, I think you kind of described it perfectly.
I think it's so crazy because the way Jack McNamara explained it to me in R.A.,
we paid a visit to the firehouse before we went to the upfronts is these guys have all played together their whole lives.
They played against each other and with each other.
They're all a lot of them are from this area and they're friends.
A lot of these guys are friends,
but when they step on the ice,
they fucking hate each other.
Me and Sean stood in between the glass for the game.
And while we were filming in the chirps that these guys throw at each
other is,
is unlike anything I've heard.
And these guys go with the refs harder than I've seen anyone go at the
ref.
So there's,
I mean,
every year there's every game,
there's fights, there's tons of fights. ref. So there's, I mean, every year, there's every game, there's fights.
There's tons of fights.
It's like I said, 18,000 people at UBS and these fans are fucking nuts.
It's louder than almost, I don't want to say any playoff game I've gone to,
but most first round playoff games.
It's just, it's a crazy environment.
And we're going to put our chicklets and barstool touch on it.
It's going to be awesome.
You got to mic up a ton of guys.
Yeah.
Great call.
Remember last year we were watching the game.
Me and Hazy were watching it and we were texting you guys.
You're like, you got it.
It was on TV last year.
That was 2020.
Oh, 2021.
It was the 20th anniversary.
Yeah, it was 20th anniversary.
9-11.
Jesus.
Yeah, that was the whole chat started watching it.
Yeah, it was unbelievable.
I also told one of the guys, it reminds me of like Mystery Alaska
because the young guys coming up and there's an older player like,
dude, every year, right?
These kids come into the fire academy, police academy,
and occasionally there's a really good hockey player that's coming in.
We got to film training camp,
so we'll know if there's like a little bit of politics involved.
Yeah.
How do I keep my job?
The fat guy with the barrel who's got the bad knee just because he brings
the donut leadership.
Hey, there's tons of D1 guys that play in this.
So this is like it's it's a fast hockey game.
You'll see the occasional like 45 year old lieutenant out there.
That's a locker room guy.
He's a biz.
Exactly.
But this is this is a fast paced hockey game.
So, gee, all kidding aside, like, do we know who's going to be doing
the play by play and commentary? who's going to be doing the play-by-play
and color commentary?
Is that going to be all determined?
I mean, Biz is the only one that has history
doing hockey play-by-play.
So I think you got to do it.
I think you and Jake Marsh.
I'll do whatever you want me to do with this thing.
You know who we should ask
who could maybe swing it is Heater.
Bob Heat House for the Coyotes.
That would be cool.
I just don't know if it would align with the Coyotes game day.
So we could bring him out.
He's fucking excellent play by play.
He does radio for the Yotes.
I mean, he's been polishing turds for fucking.
Jake Marsh would be good.
One guy I trust.
That's what I'm saying.
Jake Marsh was an original thought we were talking about.
Okay, well, if Heater can't swing it,
or maybe they tag team it, or I don't know.
Me and not that kind.
Me and G, we got a tour of Rescue 1 Firehouse 2 up in Hell's Kitchen last week.
Jack McNamee, who works at that house, was incredible, too.
Like, you always think firefighters, you know, putting out fires,
but this is like this kind of specialty rescue.
Like, they do diving operations.
They have to get underneath trains. They do all this rope stuff and gave us a full tour of the firehouse hung out had
a cup of coffee with the fellas and just a pretty cool experience i felt like i was a teenager again
hanging out my nra it was actually pretty crazy like just just in that one firehouse alone i mean
that's a haunted firehouse as they told us there's two crazy stories about any time so the captains i
don't want to give too much away because this will all be in the documentary.
The captains boots from 9-11
the captains boots from 9-11
are under the
captain's bed.
And any time the boots
get moved, they haven't been touched since 9-11.
And any time the boots
move or get touched in the
slightest bit, something very bad
happens. So it's like little
there's so many little stories like that at all these houses that are so interesting and we're
going to tell all of those in the documentary what what are the what's those old shows that
they go to like haunted houses we should do part of the documentary should be about all about the
hauntedness the paranormal activity shows oh yeah bring back. Bring back Tori Mitchell and J.I. We'll send R.A.
Since you want to be the between the benches guy,
we send you there one night in the haunted.
You got to move.
He's like, I don't even remember anything.
I got shit canned at the late game.
Me and G, we almost went out on a run because I was telling Jack that,
like, you know, I was a little kid hanging out the house,
like back in the day.
If there was a call, I would go out in the truck with my dad.
Nowadays, you know, some would snitch on you,
but he said to me and Grinnelly, he's like, if that bell goes,
we're going today.
So fortunately note that the alarm didn't go off,
but me and Grinnelly would have been went out for a ride on rescue one,
had there been a call, but didn't happen.
But boys, a lot of hockey to talk to you.
Do you want to segue over to that or what?
Or you want to still talk about the summer?
Yeah.
I don't think there was anything that I, that I finished to mention,
just chilling out.
We're pumped to be back.
We got some fun interviews on deck.
We were going to have Zegers in this one,
but he backed up.
We got them coming.
We got them coming folks,
but we do have another ducks prospect in line for this one.
All right.
Yeah.
Mason McTavish going to bring him on,
bring him on in a little bit.
Also want to thank everybody to the last The last few weeks we were off.
Scott Parker, Brad Richards, Mike Vernon, Joey Mullen, Dino Cicerelli,
Bernie Nichols.
Hopefully everybody enjoyed those interviews that we had for the last,
I don't know, month and a half while we were gone.
I thought they were terrific.
Hopefully you enjoyed them as well.
But, yeah, we'll get to Mason a little bit,
but let's talk some hockey boys first.
Lots of boys got paid since the last time we met up.
Holy shit. let's see
after a 38 goal outburst last season which was 30 more than his previous career high tage thompson
signed a seven-year 50 million dollar extension with the sabers uh comes out to just a little
over seven million dollars a year uh he made 1.4 million the last three years he's got a modified
no trade clause for the last six years of the deal, which kicks in after next season.
He's going to be 25 in October, 103 points in 223 games paid.
Whit, go to you first.
Is this a case of a guy sort of arriving at his potential?
He's going to be 25, like I mentioned,
or is there some sort of risk in this deal for the Sabres?
There's some sort of risk in all these deals.
The four we're going to talk about,, this is, this is the one,
maybe the second I feel most confident in. And part of it's the age,
like the JT Miller one we'll chat about a little older, this guy,
now granted it was one year. And I think the main problem,
a lot of former players, not former players should say that fans,
some former players and overall the,
like the discussion could be one good year and this is what you get.
But when he does what he did and like how he did it it's his shot right that isn't going anywhere buffalo's only getting better and him being 24 turning 25 i i love it and that's the going
right now you get 38 goals you're coming up on a deal i i think that that guy, I would be shocked if he doesn't get at least 30 this year, because I couldn't believe the amount of one-timer goals he had.
His shot was as good as anyone else's throughout the season.
And I did like that deal a lot.
There's risk, as you originally asked, because it is only one season.
Who knows?
But I would be shocked if that guy's not lighting it up for the next few.
You pretty much said it exactly how I would have said it of all the guys.
He would have been at the top of the list for me,
as far as confidence giving them that deal. And he was a beast last year.
He was, he injured.
I think he was at a close to a 40 goal pace if he wouldn't have been injured.
I think he missed like four games or something, but I mean,
they gotta be fucking gassed up about him in the future and just how big and how much he commands of the ice.
But you mentioned like this is kind of like what the reality is moving forward.
I think we're kind of moving away from the bridge deals a little bit.
And I think from the rumblings I'm hearing is like the cap might in like four or five years be up by like 100 million.
So a lot of these GMs anticipating just with like the tv revenues
the fact that kovat's going to be in the rearview mirror they're saying like like the the kairos the
brady kachuks the stutzels the all these deals that are around that eight million number will
feel more like a like a five million number based on where the cap is going to start exploding yeah
just not going to be i think with that uh think with that Thompson kid is a prime example
of him taking advantage of an opportunity
when Jack got traded.
That opens up that spot for him to be in that one-timer position
and he can fire the biscuit.
And a guy that looks like he loves playing hockey too, right?
So you're not going to lose any enthusiasm out of him
just because he got paid.
He's going to bring it every night.
He's a big kid.
He's tough to play against.
I love that deal.
Imagine he just, like, shuts it.
He's like, fuck you guys.
I got my money, my pergolas.
Fuck you guys.
He goes into camp 255.
He's in the KHL in three years.
They're like, there's the Chicklets podcast.
No, but he's a stud. I in three years they're like there's the chicklets podcast no but he's a stud I agree with you
holy fuck Keith bringing the noise
on the assessment
coming for that ass
Whit just mentioned JT Miller
Canucks finally put all that talk to bed I know they've been talking
about it for a long time they inked the 29
year old to a seven year 56 million
dollar extension eight million million average annual value.
He had 99 points in 80 games last year.
He's got a no-move clause throughout the deal
and a modified no-trade for the last three years of the deal.
The deal starts next season.
He's going to be 37 when the deal ends.
The Canucks are still 2.7 million over the cap right now.
They're going to need to move some money before the season.
Biz, go to you on this one. Given his age uh did the length or the amount of money surprise you at all
i i'm interested to know if it's more about like potential trade bait although that's such a heavy
price but like i just i said this when they got him like i just feel like they just rushed this
rebuild and they're just kind of in this purgatory where they're just but they had they had to pay him he's like he's he's such a big component of their
offense and like i don't know who they would get to replace him and they really can't trust the
consistency of some of these other young guys to give that type of money to them at least for yet
right like they they have a few young guys who are in those bridge deals right now where they kind of approve it deals.
So I don't know.
I just, I think he's well worth it.
I think he's a fucking excellent player with a high end skill.
The age factor doesn't really scare me,
but I'd be shocked to see him play out this deal in Vancouver.
I would be shocked that if he's even still there in like the next two years.
I was, I was be shocked that if he's even still there in the next two years. I was
very surprised that they
signed him because it's like, where are you going
right now? You're going to give
him this money? Are you just trying to maybe
get in the playoffs? I don't expect much
out of them. Maybe I'll be completely off there.
But looking
at his numbers, since he got to
Vancouver, he took off.
Even the first year in Van, they made the playoffs and he ripped it up.
So or maybe that was the COVID.
That might have been the COVID year in Edmonton or whatever.
But I just didn't see him fitting in with that team.
And so maybe he will be dealt at some point.
And he's the best player on their team.
But it's like I just don't know the direction of like how that entire club's going.
So to see him get that much,
I wasn't surprised he deserves it with his numbers, but I just didn't think it would be there.
Or I didn't think they'd,
they'd sign him and think he's going to be able to like finish that deal
there. And you say the age thing. I don't,
I would guess by the end of that deal, he's not playing up to that anymore.
He'll be 36, 37.
Yeah, but it's still a good number and like i said like with
where the cap's going it's still not like that's not really detrimental what's mckinnon's gonna be
what's mckinnon's oh he said it won't be a single digit right is that true yeah yeah exactly so
yeah it's gonna be interesting i mean he hasn't signed yet but they're talking upwards of maybe
12 but obviously we'll cross that bridge when we get to it.
You were just talking about bridge deals.
Well, the Ottawa Senators don't seem to like taking part too many in these bridge deals.
That's what I mean.
They don't exist anymore.
They're certainly not the St. Louis Blues.
Ottawa continued to lock up key parts of the future, this time signing Jimmy Stu,
a.k.a. Tim Stutzel, to an eight-year, 66.8 million extension.
Comes out to 8.35 million AAV.
Cashed in big on his second contract.
He's got a contract.
He's got a modified no trade clause
for the last four years of the deal
that kicks in next season.
Of course, he was taken third overall in 2020.
He's got 58 points in 79 games last year.
So right now, Ottawa is going to be spending
32.5 million
on Norris, Kachuk, Stutzel, and Chabot starting in 23-24.
Again, none of these guys took a bridge deal, Biz,
but the Sens get their money's worth on each of these guys
during the course of these deals or what?
I'm interested to see, but they set the precedent
with each guy before them.
So it's like, well, what are they going to say?
Well, look at what Brady Kachuk got. at the the trajectory of what my client's doing and you
know he's right there so why not just get it done now and fuck when i was just thinking and yeah
it's like imagine 20 years ago you would have said hey these guys in their second deals with
proving nothing no playoff games would be getting eight times eight like for them with and i always say it and i think that's just like
you know a credit to where the league's gone and and where the revenue's at shout out to the fans
uh sorry about the ticket prices and the custom jerseys uh but uh no it's it's like i love seeing
the guys get paid i just like every time i just i scratch my head where i'm like i look back to when like sid
and gino got the no bridge deal and right into those big contracts but then you looked at the
resume they had three years in or two even two right so it's it's wild times and it's something
it's something that can cripple an organization that's what i was gonna say if you miss on a few
of them and what especially now right let's let's call it even
after the last cba let's just call it a squash if we're dealing with more lockouts and it's like
fuck you like like fucking punish the general managers here like they're the ones sending all
the monies off then the owners who hire these guys are bitching about like you know all these
shitty contracts that they have to pay out of and now they got to go back and claw it back from the players it's like no fuck off
like these are they're getting a little bit silly we're getting in silly territory here
well i i was saying to somebody that they they decided they they they said this is our future
this is how we're gonna compete for a stanley cup right with these deals these guys
great for them like he said they better play dude and if you don't show up now now when it now it's
when it gets legit and so if if you're getting these deals it's amazing but i'm i'm guessing a
lot of them don't understand what's coming if you don't perform and the team doesn't play well
you always have your money but that's when life can be truly hell so i think that there's so much uh like students are playing in
kanata and you're playing in kanata but you also gotta be in downtown while you're still there
there's an opt-out clause if they don't build that rink downtown for each of those contracts
we fail to mention but like a guy like brady brady kachuk
you know what you're getting from him yes oh he's a gamer he's like that eight years whatever you're
paying him is that's you're not worrying about that you're not losing sleep over that one minute
he's going to come to the rink every day he's holding everyone in check stutzel i mean everything
on the ice looks unbelievable i heard he's a great guy, too. So I think obviously those guys know their room,
and you pay those three guys, and you hope for the best.
All right, before we go any further, here's a word from our friends at Sling TV.
Sling TV has something for everyone.
All your favorite shows on your favorite channels,
all right at your fingertips.
What you watch is up to you.
It really just depends on what kind of mood you're in. So if you're looking for sports, Sling's got you covered with pro and college football and
basketball, baseball, hockey, soccer, golf, racing, and so much more. Sling also has reality TV, so you
can keep up with the latest gossip with today's hottest shows on channels like TLC, Bravo, MTV, and more.
Feeling adventurous?
Explore thousands of movies and shows on demand.
So what kind of mood are you in?
No matter what your answer, Sling has what you need.
And getting Sling is easy.
Sign up and start watching in just five minutes. You can stream on any device and record up to 50 hours with included DVR space.
And the best part is you can pause or customize your subscription at any time.
So check out sling.com slash barstool for special offers.
Sling, the TV you love for a price you'll love.
Just mentioned the Blues biz.
In exactly two months after signing forward Robert Thomas to an eight-year,
65 million extension,
St. Louis locked up forward Jordan Kairou with the exact same deal.
It's interesting.
They also had the exact same deal for their second contracts as well.
It starts next year, and he's got a full no-trade clause for years three through seven
and a modified no-trade in the last year.
Kairou had 75 points in 74 games last year.
Interestingly for the Blues, O'Reilly and Tarasenko are going to be both UFA after this season.
The Blues have just six forwards signed for 23-24.
Shen, Bucinavich, Saad, Walker, the other two.
Yeah, they'll go to you for this one.
Do you feel like maybe Thomas and Cairo, a succession plan for O'Reilly and Tarasenko?
And how much longer is the Blues window here?
I think this kind of says their windows a little bit longer.
Cause hopefully you can keep guys like O'Reilly around and, uh,
Shen and those guys like core guys in the locker room.
And you just got trust in Cairo and Thomas who are young studs in the game
that you're hoping that they can play as good as they can. And,
and hopefully those older guys, when, you know, O'Reilly, when they're, you know, play as good as they can and and hopefully those older
guys when you know O'Reilly when they're you know in a couple years getting a little bit older that
the younger guys can kind of take over of what they've done so far and they can kind of be O'Reilly
can be a second third line guy and those guys jump up a line and they take over the team and
um then you still you still got contenders for the next five, six years, I think.
Yeah.
You can definitely tell O'Reilly doesn't maybe have the original jump that he had, but he's such an intelligent player.
It makes up for his speed.
So anytime you can rely on him on like a shutdown role
or even at that time, he can become like a solidified third-line center
with other duties, you're in good shape.
I wonder what you'd want, though.
I know. Especially if he lights it up this year. like a solidified third line center with other duties you're you're in good shape though i know
and i was thinking lights it up this year but i'm telling you and we keep hearing it guys who
played in st louis they love it there they don't like leaving there they love it it's this hidden
gem it's this hidden gem so i i i like the kairu do i i don't mind any of these deals i'm just
saying it's like you know it's just like shocking that it's just like, well,
like a little bit different for Stutzel where I'm like, well, wait, he could still play
out one more year on his entry level.
Like, and then you could see what he's really made of and like, how much more are you going
to be paying him if he does that?
Like you, you're telling me he's going to turn down that number if he, if he scores
like, you know, five to 10 more goals and 10 to 15 more assists
like take the 8.35 or fuck off you know that's kind of that's kind of where i'm at where it's
like okay sit at home we're gonna tell the fans that this is what you're turning down and you're
gonna look like a fucking asshole but but kairu was up and and i feel like kairu had a prove it
year last year and i mean fuck he was an all-star. He's got that speed.
I think that,
I think that the one knock was maybe just a consistency on both sides of the
puck.
And there was a little bit frustration,
but when you have guys who are so highly skilled and highly talented,
fuck man,
that's probably going to be the case till the end of their careers.
And you want cookies younger.
You won't even,
you want the cookies even more when you're younger it's like rider reaching up with
the top shelf of the fridge like stutzel it's a little kid that wants his numbers
they got the real cookie there this year i think i think it kind of worked out perfectly that we
got to talk about all these but also to kind of like assess it from like a team standpoint like
what you know how much they can bite you in the ass and just how bananas it's getting.
A few other significant sign-ins too as well,
just lower cap hits, Biz.
Carolina signed 36-year-old Ford Paul Stastny
to a one-year, 1.5 million deal.
He's got a no trade clause
and he gets a 500,000 bonus for winning the cup.
45 points in 71 games played
with a non-playoff Jets team last year.
Whit, how important of a signing is this,
like bringing in a grizzled vet to a team that's gearing up to make another run at it?
You know, Carolina's right there.
They're, I guess, a top-tier contender, you'd say.
You know, bringing in a guy like Stastny, what does this do for the team and the room?
It's huge.
And Vegas wanted him back.
He decided to go to Carolina over Vegas.
And knowing him and knowing how guys like
appreciate playing with him and the way he is in the locker room I think it's a great move I said
Carolina they really need I've said it for like six years they need a superstar I don't necessarily
think what they have is Stanley Cup winning potential yet I know people get mad at me but
that's the perfect at least player who
can play a good role still while less minutes than he used to in his late 20s or whatever mid 20s
but still be one of the favorite guys in the room and so he's still got a lot of great hockey in him
while being a an awesome teammate i love that move and that there's a reason that that teams
who think they can win it all are trying to bring him in. He's a crafty player is how I describe him.
He's a very crafty player.
Another guy who's not like the fastest guy out there, but just fucking
wasn't he one of the last guys to use a wood twig?
I think he was.
Yeah, he used to use that late.
And they brought in Brent Burns too,
so they're looking to get a little older there and get some veteran guys.
Yeah, they had to address D'Angelo taking off and that's yeah that's a that's a that looks like a fun locker
room man a lot of interesting characters in there that's for sure and then the one thing that's
going to suck is they lost patches with the torn achilles but they're going to get him back half
the half season in or maybe close towards playoffs and that's a big lineup boost that's like basically
getting a deadline acquisition i i think that team, Cocton and Yemi being really good
is kind of like an enormous factor for how they're going to be, right?
I mean, like they're giving him big money now.
He's younger.
He's getting into a role where he's going to be playing more.
Like that's just an example of a guy who if he lights it up,
maybe I'm re-changing my take.
Ooh. Speaking of interesting. I've never done that before never uh speaking of interesting characters phil the thrill kessel
ends up signing a one-year deal with vegas for 1.5 million dollars uh he'll turn 35 just before
the season starts had a career low eight goals in arizona last year to go along with 44 assists
keith what's's over on the
Phil that throws goals this year? I kind of think
he gets a little boost there. I say he
do we know who he's playing with yet?
Not yet. No. I mean, he's obviously
yeah, he's I'd say
they fucking trade guys every week.
I'm going to go. I'm going to go straight.
I'm going to go kidnap him
Celtic pride style. And so he can't break
that record of yours, Keith, but no,
but after he gets back in the room, he'll end up lighting it up.
He, I bet, I bet he gets 28 goals.
What?
No, no, no, no.
Dude, he's going to be playing with, I mean, you got to think like power play,
play with Jack a little bit stone.
If he's on the line with stone, like.
Didn't this is like when biz said, um,
would you say it say was gonna get 50
james neal was gonna get no i said he was gonna get 20 last year and he did the american league
i fucking right uh uh the real deal i tell you what he was making plays he became a pastor last
year he was just raking up the assist but um he's kind of lost a step where that's where he got
that jolt off that shot coming off the wing and he's just he buddy and he was having stick issues
um two years ago he he hasn't been himself in the shooting category and that's how he breads his
butter he he used to be able to snipe those long range shots too they aren't going anymore the
goalies are getting too good they're
too fast and he's got if he can find that extra little speed that he once had i heard he's i heard
he's 205 right now lean and mean no joke gluten free he's gluten free i heard he looks unbelievable
says he's in the best shape of his life so i i say 28 and that might be under wow inside last year this would be a 20 this would
be a jump by 20 can we get a future barstool sportsbook bet on on whether he can get so
you're saying he's getting over 20 yes 100 wow i wonder what the odds would be if we can get westy
to do that g is that possibility yeah we can definitely get that. Over 20. All right. Do you like Yans' theory?
Are you fully sold on Yans?
His last three years are 14, 20, and 8.
Well, granted, the 20 was in 56 games.
I mean, he's on a much better team.
No disrespect, but yeah.
In Vegas, different setup, man.
Different power play unit.
Yeah, 100, man.
I mean, the guy's still a sniper.
I know he might have a little less messed up on the shot these days,
but I don't think it's an impossibility at all.
I would 100 put money on over 20 goals.
You know why I'm going to agree with the Chiefs?
Because they pump oxygen into those casinos,
so it's going to be like he's in a hyperbaric chamber.
How much this guy loves to play cards.
I say you get over 30.
Hey, a little parting shot at the Yotes on the way out.
He said it's going to be nice to play on a team that actually wants to win.
I think that was fake.
Was that fake?
He really said that?
He actually said that.
Yeah.
Oh, what a shot.
Oh, yeah.
Hey, welcome to my shitless castle.
I'm going to be fucking eyeing you all season. And I'm actually taking back my 20 goal percentage.
What did he say?
Give me the exact quote.
Obviously, that's not what happened.
It's going to be nice playing on a team that wants to win.
When you want to win, everyone on the team wants to win.
It's a different feel and a different vibe.
Wow.
Yeah.
But any quote mentioning why there's a little mustard off of the shot?
Was it the sticks problem?
Too many nights out in Scottsdale with biz nasty is what the quote says.
I know.
Oh yeah.
I guess it doesn't have sorority roll like this.
She has coyotes do though.
I actually have an ankle on.
If I go near old town,
it starts going off.
I actually,
I put it on myself and I,
and I said,
even I can't sign out of that wall.
The key.
All right.
Another sign here.
Montreal signed fucking restricted free agent Kirby fucking dog to a four-year 13.45.
I was like, why is he?
Why did he just drop an F ball there?
That's coming from me.
Four-year 13.45 million dollar deal.
He had 26 points in 70 games last year on a very bad Chicago team. The third
overall pick in 2019. Probably
benefit from a new club and a new fucking coach.
Whit, what do you think
expectations should be for Kirby Dock this year?
Again, nine goals, 17 assists last year.
Kind of think there's a little bit of bump on a better
Canadiens team with Marty St. Louis coaching them.
I would think so.
I'll also say big year for
him, right? I mean mean kind of like I mentioned
the Cox and Yemi I know the ages aren't that
similar but
you got to show up and he got that bridge
deal that Biz is kind of talking about in terms
of they're disappearing
in a sense I think if he had shown
a little bit more he could have gotten maybe a monster
long term deal but that's where they're showing
him hey you got to go out and prove that you're a top
two line center and And I mean,
there's times you saw him, it looked amazing.
And I know he's battled injuries. Remember his hand was that two years ago?
It was his wrist.
His wrist looked like an S.
And so it's hard to get momentum when you're battling injuries.
And like, like Ari said, the team's horrific. So a fresh start.
I think Montreal is actually going to surprise people.
I don't think they're going to get in the playoffs,
but you saw what they did when St.
Louis came over.
You saw how good Caulfield was.
He's going to get a chance to be a top line player,
but it's,
it's show up time.
It's it.
You got to have a big year and the pressure's on there because there's a
big guy who signed a big deal.
You're going to get shit on immediately.
If you play poorly in that city.
Well,
no more Shea Weber.
So they get to add a little bit more size.
So there's not just Anderson. Like they have some know more Shea Weber. So they get to add a little bit more size. So there's not just Anderson.
Like they have some small guys on that team. So they need,
they need it to beef up a little bit. God, I sound like burger van.
But I think it's a, a, a,
a great low risk play for a guy who's got a ton of upside.
You mentioned how shit that season was last year and coming back from a major
injury. I think he's going to, I think he's going to be beloved there.
I think he's going to think he's gonna be beloved there i think he's gonna find his game and and get this confidence with a coach that
fuck man he knows how to mold these guys you see the response he got from caulfield at the end of
the year last year there was that clip that went viral like you know him working with him and then
him scoring like a game or two later on the exact play they're working on so a coach will make a
difference and and a team that obviously
is giving you enough stability
to believe in yourself.
So it's going to,
I think he's going to fucking light it up.
He's going to fucking light it up.
But hey, Kokey Emi,
he was a year before him,
third overall centerman in the draft.
I thought it was a little longer than that.
And so they do have a lot of parallels right now.
Life swap.
A little life swap.
I think Doc's nasty.
Yeah?
Okay.
I think going to that, I think, like you said,
the Canadians are going to be fun to watch.
I don't think they have the goaltending to make the playoffs,
but I think they're going to be really fun to watch,
and Marty's going to have them buzzing.
And string, too.
I love it.
I agree with that.
I love your bold about your predictions in this one,
Yance.
Yeah.
Well,
he'll be on.
He won't have to come back on and defend the tapes if he's teeing it up
every day.
No,
he's going to come on.
He's going to join us.
32 teams are going to make the playoffs.
The Dallas stars locked up a key piece of their future for what?
Probably going to be a bargain price of last year's playoff were any indication.
They signed restricted free agent goalie Jake Audinger to a three-year, 12 million deal.
The 23-year-old BU alum turned heads in the playoffs,
nearly single-handedly eliminating the Calgary Flames in the seven-game nail-biter that went to OT.
But the Stars still have a huge name RFA they have yet to sign, Jason Robertson.
He's coming out of his ELC he's
got 79 points in 74 games played last year he's got 125 points in 128 career games uh the team
has 6.3 million in cap space right now uh team owner Tom Gaglati he was on our friends uh Cameron
Strick he doesn't sound like he's too big of a fan of just handing over that big deal like we
were just talking about what other teams sounds like he's too big of a fan of just handing over that big deal like we were just talking about with other teams. Sounds like he's more of a
bridge deal type of guy.
But what do you think that Robinson ends up
signing for Biz eventually? Well, that's because he got
bent over in the hospitality field
during COVID and he fucking, he got
and he owns the stars and now
all of a sudden. No, that's because
he's watching
Sagan and Ben make all this dough. He's
calling them out like two, three times in the media.
He's afraid of giving these big deals out.
Well, I mean, fuck, dude, when you see Stutzel across the way getting what he got.
I mean, if I'm Robertson, I'm probably asking for nine and a half.
But if he does this, yeah, I know.
Buddy, he is fucking nasty.
And this is not an insult.
He's a hockey nerd.
He's only going to keep getting better. He is fucking nasty. And this is not an insult. He's a hockey nerd. He's only going to keep getting better.
He is all in.
And he's big, strong, fast.
He's got the brains.
He's got the skill set.
The pro.
Hey, I know they got those bad contracts, but if I'm his agent,
I say, I don't give a fuck about those bad deals you signed.
Yeah, I didn't sign them.
Fucking buy them out.
Buy them out, bitch.
No, he's getting paid dude
of all the guys we talked about he's the guy i would give i would have no problem i'll sign a
personal guarantee on it mr galliardi yeah 19.3 million on ben and sagging three more seasons so
you know we'll keep our eyes out for a buyout there if i were another team man i this is where
a office sheet would come in man man. This kid, obviously skilled.
He drives that line that drives the offense for the frigging whole team, pretty much.
I would 100 give this kid 9.5 million office sheet easily if I was another GM.
They're chicken shit, man.
But here's the thing, though.
It's like the price is so high.
I think it's for first rounders when you get to that price.
Fuck it, though.
I mean, this kid, you know, he's a he's a proven commodity over like
i would agree with you i would have done he's done it like a year and a half as opposed to
you know just one but it was it was you know both years he's been really really good but at the same
time like if you're talking about four first rounders i don't know for me that's scared you'd
have to show me what situation he would be going into and what and what the team
who would be the ones giving it up yeah and you got to think a team like if it's say the coyotes
are going to offer shoot them they're holding on to those first round picks to try to get
bedard and guys like that they don't want to waste a first round pick when they could hopefully get
first it would be a team we are getting but trying to compete i think they're going to be
25th to 32 in the draft right he wouldn't sign
sorry but it's stuck at this uh and also to rupee hints he's uh he's going to be due for a big race
from his 3.15 million dollars after this season too so a lot of financial decisions to be made
in big d uh over the next couple seasons but uh boys do you think we should send it over to mason
mctavish right about now oh Oh, yeah. What a kid.
I'm excited to see this kid evolve.
Talk about a young gun, man.
Nail gun.
19 years old as well.
But before we send it over to him, I want to let you know that his interview is brought to you by GameTime.
GameTime is the exclusive ticketing partner of Barstool Sports, created by fans for fans.
GameTime is a new ticket and app that makes it easier than ever to score
last minute deals on tickets to sports concerts and shows,
and they guarantee the lowest price.
Tons of basketball fans are using it and hitting us up on social,
telling us about all the great deals they've been getting.
And we've been using game time all year.
I went to a bunch of playoff games.
Me and G were hitting them up a couple of concerts as well.
And it's so easy to use.
So many amazing deals. You're going to love it.
You just download the GameTime app,
go to the account tab to create a login,
redeem the code CHICKLITS for 20
off your first purchase. It's that simple.
Terms do apply. Once again,
download GameTime. Last minute tickets.
Lowest price guaranteed.
And now, enjoy
Mason McTavish. Alright right it's time to bring on our
next guest who will be at anaheim's training camp opening this week the ducks took this center third
overall at the 2021 draft and he played for six different teams last year alone he has a world
junior gold medal as well as an under 18 gold medal and this summer he made one of the most
clutch plays in world junior history with an improbable save and overtime in the gold medal as well as an under 18 gold medal and this summer he made one of the most clutch plays in world junior history with an improbable save and overtime in the gold medal game versus finland
we're very happy to welcome to the spit and chiclets podcast for the first time
mason mctavish how's it going my friend i'm doing well yeah thanks for uh thanks for having me on
are we getting grumpy mason that's all i keep hearing from some of your coaches is you're a
grumpy fucking bastard sometimes.
That could be a good thing, though. I don't know about that.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know if that's true.
Okay, well, that's good.
We'll squash the rumors then here.
Well, the reason I thought you might be asking him, Biz, because grumpy can be a little bit before camp.
You know, the before camp grumps, Biz, you got testing coming up.
So are you a little like anxiety filled with
the testing in that aspect of camp? Or are you pretty confident for all of it?
Uh, yeah, no testings, you know, never, never something you really, you really want to do, but
we kind of got it out of the way already. So we did the, you know, the bike test and on ice
testing. So kind of lucky it's all over now. We, we had it all in one day actually. So the body
was pretty sore for a bit, but, um, yeah, no lucky it's kind of over now. We had it all in one day, actually, so the body was pretty sore for a bit. But, yeah, no, lucky it's kind of over now.
You look like a brick shithouse.
Do you train with your old man?
I did for a while, and then I recently switched to a real gym.
I kind of, you know, before I got  I think it was my draft year,
I kind of thought I should probably, you know, jump in a real gym
and, you know, lift some weights and stuff.
But, yeah, no, me and my dad and my brother actually all worked out together. It was pretty,
pretty competitive, you know, a lot of, a lot of, you know, battles in the gym for sure. But,
uh, yeah, no, I've been, uh, been in a gym with a couple other NHL guys and hockey guys. So it
makes it pretty fun too. Uh, when you gassed your, your old man, was he, was he rattled or did he
kind of understand it was time to maybe move on a little bit?
Yeah, they fist fought in the driveway.
No, you started gumming him and everything.
He's like, all right, you can leave now.
I can't beat you anymore.
No, I don't know.
I think he kind of pushed it too.
I think he wanted me, you know, kind of,
he thought it would be a good idea for me to go to a real gym and so did I.
So, yeah, it wasn't, there wasn't too much aminosity, I guess.
Ace, I know you had a busy end of the summer,
but were you able to unwind at all, take any trips earlier in the summer
after the NHL season ended?
I know you had about seven different seasons last year.
Yeah, I mean, honestly, not too much.
I mean, I got out to my cottage a bit after the Memorial Cup,
but World Juniors is like a month after that,
so I didn't want to spend too much time off the ice and not in the gym.
So, yeah, probably spend, like, you know, maybe five days to a week at the cottage
and then kind of got back to the grind and back in the gym and skating
and then obviously headed back to Edmonton.
Have you had a big chuckle with the family about how crazy the last couple of years have been?
Even since, like, when COVID started and uh you know we'll get
we'll get into why you were born in switzerland a bit but just like going over there coming back
league being shut down getting drafted playing in the nhl ahl back to the ohl it's been a fucking
shit olympics all right juniors slow hey a couple give them a couple years for the olympics
or you oh no wait you played olympics also good talk yeah okay
holy fuck i forgot about that yeah well that just proves the seven teams i think are i mentioned
okay there you go yeah no it was obviously yeah the last two years been you know crazy for
everybody but um yeah luckily for me i've been kind of fortunate to play you know even you know
i think it was my draft year the ohl wasn't obviously going so um've been kind of fortunate to play, you know, even, you know, I think it was my draft year, the OHL wasn't obviously going. So yeah,
I kind of want to just play anywhere. And I was, I was, you know,
fortunate to go to Switzerland and yeah, it was, it was obviously crazy,
you know, the last couple of years, but yeah, it's been, I think, yeah,
like you guys said, seven or eight teams the last, the last two years. So,
you know, it's a nice thing about hockey though. You meet,
you meet so many great people and create so many friendships. So, you know, that's the nice thing about hockey, though. You meet so many great people and create so many friendships.
So, you know, definitely lucky to play on all those teams.
They maneuvered your visa, didn't they, a couple times in Switzerland,
which is bizarre because you were born there?
Dikembe.
Dikembe.
Yeah.
They saw that hair and beard on him that I put on the no-fly list.
Wait, a watch list.
They got a picture of his.
They got a picture when he was signing his OHL deal biz.
And then they saw the draft picture.
What happened to this?
Now you're on a podcast with R.A.
You ain't flying anywhere.
You're gonna be fucking busting like John Madden.
Back to back to, though, the first year of junior playing when COVID hit.
I mean, that's pretty much why you're on all these teams traveling all over the place.
You were having a monster season, like as a as a 17 year old ripping it up.
COVID hits. I mean, how long until you skated again?
I mean, you probably never been through anything like that. You definitely had.
So how tough was that to be ripping it up so well in the O and then boom, all of a sudden it's done?
Yeah, no, I think it was my halfway through my 16 year old year.
We were, uh, we kind of got shut down and we were really good too.
I thought we had a really good chance of, you know, winning the OHL and going to the
Memorial cup.
But, um, yeah, it was, it was crazy.
Um, I don't think I skated.
It was like, it must've been like three or four months.
I didn't skate.
It was just, you know, bodybuilder kind of just work out and eat so much food and stuff
like that. And I think that's where, you know,
I did gain a lot of weight and strength through that kind of period. But,
um, yeah, no, it was, it was crazy. And then the first time I remember skated,
it was like, um, you know, sneak me into the back door. And, uh,
like the first time I actually got on the ice, I felt like, I'm like, Oh no,
like this is, this is not good. good i'm like i think i lost a SWAT team's gonna come in good yeah like the dream's over dad i got nothing
yeah yeah i'll go back to the trudeau's like get on the fucking floor take off your goddamn blades
uh don't get wet going he'll start another mask on over over the half shield.
Yeah, seriously.
But was it hard to keep yourself accountable in the workout sense?
And like, who did you rely on heavily?
Because I would imagine you had to go back home home once the league shut down.
You didn't just stay in Peterborough.
Yeah, no, for sure.
I think at the start, I was just, you know, working out with my family,
kind of in our home gym.
And then maybe my dad got sick of me and then he kind of sent me out.
But yeah, we're, we're doing that for, yeah, like three,
three or four months. And then, and then we moved to a different gym.
And I think, you know, it was kind of fun though. Like, obviously it was,
you know, long days and long weeks, but you know, through like, you know,
you meet, you meet new guys at the gym and, you know, create friendships there.
And, you know, they make it a lot more fun. So, you know, I think that's a huge benefit.
You know, you guys know, I mean, all the all the hockey guys are all great people.
So, you know, they kind of make things more fun. We mentioned you were born in Zurich, Switzerland. What was it like growing up there and then having to go to Canada at eight years old?
Was it a huge adjustment for you at that age?
Yeah, I was I loved it in Switzerland. You know,
I've been back a couple of times and just the culture there,
the country is so nice. You know,
I think everybody who's kind of been there says it's so nice. And yeah,
I definitely love my time there, but yeah, obviously my dad,
my dad did play hockey over there too.
So I think we would always come back in the summer to Canada.
So I had some friends too.
So I feel like that kind of made the transition a lot easier.
Do you speak French?
Isn't that the national language there?
They have like three of them, I think, right?
Yeah, there's like Swiss, German, German, French, and Italian.
So no, I can't speak one of them either.
But it was an international school I went to, so it was all English.
When I was younger, I could speak like a bit of Swiss German,
but I kind of just lost it from not speaking it, I guess.
I was going to say, between you and Zegers buzzing around,
you speaking the exotic languages, and just him and his flow,
you guys will be just tearing it up in Anaheim.
Tearing it up.
Take a little road trip down to San Diego,
Vince, for a Padres game, too.
Oh, yeah.
That'd be wicked.
I got a question, though.
Your father being in Switzerland that long,
I saw you also played,
where was the first stop you had
in European hockey?
Finland.
Finland.
So, that's early. I mean i mean guys have been doing that forever but
that was a pretty great lifestyle for him right and his numbers were so good at no point were
you you know two three years old and he was done playing like he was looking to continue right and
he was still lighting it up so it must have been really cool for you to see your dad on that stage
as opposed to the kids who see their dad in nhl locker room where it's like so big i mean that's
a little different but to you it probably felt the same yeah for sure I mean you know I look
at his career it was pretty crazy I mean uh after his you know he overaged in the OHL he went to he
went to school and you know not many people like the Canadian school so it's not like the best
hockey but I mean it's not it's not bad either but um like you know not many people kind of do
come out of there and I think he went to like the he's like team canada i think they don't
have it anymore it's just like i'm not even sure what it was but then he went to the a and then
played a couple games in the nhl and then and then did go over there but um yeah i do remember the
you know just being being in the locker room after games and practices just hanging out i don't think
the the trainers really loved me i crushed crushed a lot of the gum there.
I don't know if they loved it, but yeah, no, I do remember it.
It was pretty fun just, you know,
seeing how much fun they had in the locker room.
And there was a couple other imports there too that were, you know,
really nice to, you know, me and my brother too, being such, you know,
younger kids. So yeah, it was a great experience for sure.
Yeah.
Canada used to have a national team where they would just travel around.
I think they would go to that tournament over there.
Is it in Davos?
Yeah, I think so, yeah.
They would be the team to represent them.
But I noticed your dad led that team in scoring that one year he played with them.
Yeah, I did.
I didn't even know that.
But, yeah, I'm sure he did have a good year because I think he signed a two-way out of there with Calgary.
So, yeah, no, it was obviously a different career path.
You don't really see many guys going from CIS to, you know, NHL.
And he was able to get his NHL games.
Now, you were drafted to the Peets and so was he.
Did him being drafted there have anything to do with it or was it just a coincidence?
I don't know i think i mean i honestly i don't think i was really you know planning on going to peterborough like i i think
i kind of told you know teams in the first round i didn't want to go um like i might you know i was
considering school or going to europe and then um they just kind of you know picked me and even you
know with with them knowing that i think i said no to them like i didn't want to go even, you know, with, with them knowing that I think I said no to them. Like I didn't want to go. And, you know, they picked me and eventually, you know,
kind of, you know, convinced me to come and persuaded me. But I, I,
I love my time at Peter Road, such a, such a great junior spot.
And it was a great time.
What colleges were you looking at?
Well, I'm not, I'm not a big school guy. So I was mostly going to,
I'm going to go to St. Ph and to be honest, but you know,
they called my blood my shocked face.
Can I just go on five official visits and then just never go anywhere?
That is so good. Hey,
I got a proposal for you because I got pigeon tossed by dry, dry sidle.
How about a shampoo me and you, we get on it now I'm getting it.
And you know, before your career goes,
call it Mason by Mason and it's We get on it now. I'm getting it on before your career goes.
Call it Mason by Mason, and it's served out of Mason jars.
Wow. Yeah, sounds good.
Just throw it on spinchecklist.com or whatever, and I'm sure it'll flow.
You know how much you'd waste in the Mason jar?
You need to have the fine point of where it comes out, or the just gone on one flow wash. No, no, it's
for the it's for the burly man.
It's for the Oglethorpes in the
hockey locker rooms, right? All right.
All right. I'm surprised you didn't bring up that reference
with the salad that this guy's rocking all the time.
Yeah, that one pitch. He did look like
Oglethorpes a little bit. Mace, I want to ask you, I know
other NHLs when they had their kids in
programs as children, they started teaching them to be
pros basically when they were six,
seven years old. Did your dad do something similar with you?
No, not, not really. To be honest, I thought he was, you know,
really laid back and, you know, if he, if he did ever, you know,
push me or anything, it was kind of like, if I asked, you know, him,
you know, maybe I was in a, in a slump and I was kind of asking like,
what'd you do if you, you know, you weren't scoring for a while.
And he'd just give me some tips like that. He didn't really push me at all, which I thought was kind of asking, like, what do you do if you weren't scoring for a while? And he just gave me some tips like that.
He didn't really push me at all, which I thought was, you know, was pretty good.
I think it kind of, you know, just didn't push me away from the game at all.
It just kind of gravitated me towards it.
So, you know, that's definitely something I'm thankful for.
And yeah, I mean, I think it's doing well so far.
So you mentioned about going overseas instead of going to school or the OHL.
Was that like something that you saw Austin Matthews do and see his development?
And, of course, go to maybe playing a better league and be compensated?
Was that kind of the OG creating that path?
Yeah, I mean, I guess.
I mean, I guess he was an import too, though.
But, yeah, no, I definitely did notice wasn't a, I guess he was an import too though. But yeah, no, I definitely did.
I did notice that, yeah,
he obviously went there and he did really well and obviously it worked out,
you know, tremendous for him. He's, you know, a hard player, you know,
he's pretty wicked. So yeah, no, I saw him do that,
but I think it was a lot easier for me too,
just because I was like, I wouldn't be an import over there too.
So just kind of would have made everything kind of less or more seamless.
So,
but yeah,
no,
I definitely did,
you know,
see him and,
you know,
he's obviously a player that I watched a lot growing up.
When you were over in Switzerland,
I think it was the second division though,
right?
For like 10,
11 games.
And you were lighting it up.
Were you like,
is there a chance I'm going to go up to one of the,
is it the National League there, I think?
Or was there just, did you know it was going to be that second team
the entire time you were there?
Yeah, I think I was signed with, I think, Zouk.
I was going to go up, I think, after we were done, maybe.
But then the U18s in Texas for Team Canada,
me and my teammate, Brennan Hoffman,
we were both  he's from Canada too.
He went over.
We were on the same team in Switzerland.
So we both kind of just left halfway through the playoffs,
which kind of sucked because we had a great team there
and it was great guys there and stuff like that.
But, yeah, we went over to the U18s in Texas for Team Canada.
And obviously you go on to win gold there.
Now, I remember your performance and that was kind of the Bedard coming out show.
I think everyone knew about him, but that was the first international scene where other people got to see.
I mean, did you know anything about him and how kind of blown away were you right when you saw him that first time on the ice?
Like when I saw Crosby, it's like one time it takes you realize something's different yeah no i do uh i remember the first time we uh we uh we met him
we were all uh we were all on the bus bus to uh from the airport to the hotel and no everybody's
pretty quiet nobody really knows who you know each other are um and then we're kind of like we got a
room keys and we're like oh like who's your roommate who's your roommate and then like nobody would really ask him and then um somebody somebody
asked me he's like i think like mctavish is and then i was just like kind of like oh fuck like
this fucking guy like i didn't really know i mean obviously he's really good but like i didn't know
and i just kind of wanted to be with my buddies but um obviously i got got to know him really well
and so were you were you chirping? Were you giving him the business?
Was he, is he a young 15, 16, whatever at the time?
I mean, it must've been a little awkward.
Yeah, no, it was definitely really awkward at the start, but you know,
we're on the same line too. And I do remember your question.
You know, I, the first game we had, he, he was honestly,
I thought he was pretty bad to be honest at the start.
He did not look good.
We're doing like breakouts and we were like,
he got a rim and he just like completely missed the puck. what what's going on here like who is this guy and then obviously you know you see him play he got more way more comfortable
and um you know i was talking with him way more and stuff like that we were obviously really good
buddies now so it's pretty funny but um yeah obviously you know when he when he gets really
comfortable and um you know i think he's he's gotten a lot comfortable quicker now too.
And yeah, he was, he's obviously a special player. I mean, he's,
he's seen his guy, his shot is just, you know, ridiculous. So just to,
yeah, a treat to play with and he's even better person too.
That's the, that's the best part. So yeah, I love, you know,
catching up with him.
He was probably nervous rooming with you. He's like,
how's this 27 year old on the fucking world junior team with a fake passport i'm gonna have to shave
this guy's back like little league world series over here who is this yeah seriously oh fuck that's
funny mace you made your nhl debut before the olympics you had a goal and an assist you kind
of after the game like shit man that was pretty easy yeah honestly no i mean i wasn't even supposed to play the home opener or
the first game uh i remember going to like the cheesecake factory and then i was at the beach
and then i went to the back to the hotel and at like 3 30 you know dallas called her coach called
called me and he said one of the guys got sick and he's like yeah like you might be and i'm like
no like what like what just what are you saying like tell me tell me you're kidding and then would you eat
a cheesecake be honest i think uh what was it i was i think carbonara so i was heavy and i did
the scratch skate and the workout and i'm like no like there's no no chance i'm like and then i got
the phone a phone call like when i was like going to the bathroom too i'm like oh god like and then like 30 minutes out of your ass
the carbonara and the cheesecake i'm thinking you're gonna get a three-hour nap in show up at
game time and all of a sudden you're getting the nod here's another oreo cheesecake to go in the
room he's like i gotta shit before i have that one because i gotta shit again then you end up
scoring in it though right yeah i did it's
uh yeah against winnipeg too yeah hellebuck so it was uh it was pretty crazy i mean it was almost
better though because i feel like you know if you know you're playing you're thinking about it a lot
um and you know you're you're kind of putting more pressure on yourself but it was cool my parents
were still there too so um there's actually a really cool picture um you know after i scored
like the i was like
celebrating and then like my all my my mom and my my dad and my brother all in like the back of the
photo and then that's fucking awesome so it's pretty pretty sweet did you see biz you see the
jets how they uh got rid of their captain right you know what i mean the quote after was the real
bad issue the main point was that mctavish gained 10 pounds at cheesecake
factory and still lit this team up for one and one that's yeah that's so we need new leadership
and yeah if you're letting that fat fuck at the cheesecake score goals on you you got to chain
something up that's for sure hey so then more of a whirlwind inside the whirlwind it's like an
inception of whirlwinds you end up getting hurt three games in. Right.
And then you get down to the AHL.
Now was it more difficult to play in the minors than it was the NHL?
That's what some people say. That was, that was my opinion anyway.
Yeah. I mean, I think there's, you know, different differences in it for sure.
You know, obviously in the NHL, I find it, you know, positionally a lot,
a lot better. A lot of guys, you know, they're, they're where they're supposed to be kind of, obviously in the NHL, I find it, you know, positionally a lot, a lot better. A lot of guys, you know, they're where they're supposed to be kind of.
But in the end, I think you kind of have a bit more time and space with the puck.
But, you know, they're both really good leagues.
They're both really tough to score.
But yeah, I'd say those are probably the two biggest differences I've found.
All right.
Before we continue on, here's a word from our friends at Blue Nile.
Whether you're looking to pop the question, have a milestone to celebrate, or want to let your love sparkle,
Blue Nile can help you make your celebrations even more memorable.
As the original online jeweler, Blue Nile offers the largest selection of independently graded diamonds in pieces priced significantly below traditional retailers.
Blue Nile has helped millions of couples create their perfect engagement ring. The easy online tools let you choose the diamond shape, size, and clarity,
as well as setting style. Blue Nile's bench jewelers will then help you handcraft her perfect
one-of-a-kind engagement ring. Shop stress-free with Blue Nile's 100 satisfaction guarantee.
All Blue Nile orders are insured and shipped for free in discreet packaging,
and they also offer overnight shipping if you're in a rush.
I got a tennis bracelet from my wife a while back, and everything went swimmingly.
The piece is gorgeous, and the delivery was perfect.
Awesome stuff.
Check them out.
Use them, and you can make your moment sparkle with Blue Nile
by going to bluenile.com.
Use the code CHICKLETS to save 50 on your purchase of
500 or more that's b-l-u-e-n-i-l-e.com code checklets to save 50 on your purchase of 500
or more blue nile.com with the code checklets i know the olympics didn't uh pan out the way
you guys wanted to but what was the overall experience like playing with a guy like Stahl,
a big veteran?
What did you learn over there?
Yeah, no, it was really cool.
You know, I think I was only 18 then too.
So just being around all those like other, you know,
Olympic athletes and just seeing, you know, watching different events,
it was really cool.
I was almost like a fan out there just, you know, watching.
But, yeah, it was really cool. You know, Eric Stahl you know such a such a great player great leader and um yeah obviously
we didn't uh you know perform the best you know as a team but um you know obviously you know like
I like I kind of touched on before you know just met so many great guys there too like you know
Demers was there too he was a great guy. And then a couple other young
guys, too, like Ken Johnson, Owen Power, they were there, too. So, you know, made it a lot more,
I guess, more comfortable for the younger guys. Jason Demers is a treat, eh?
Yeah. He'll get a locker room talking in no time. Exactly. Yeah.
Coming in every day. For the non-crossword guys you want to engage in conversation jason
their murals are all left in light of fire so let's go back to the heritage moment
and if i'm not mistaken you ended up having the turnover that led to their scoring chance that
you stopped at the goal line correct yeah your arsehole must have been fucking puckered up about
that tight when you saved that puck on the goal line. Honestly, no, I was, I was so bagged after that.
Like it was like a minute and a half. I'm like,
I didn't even realize what I did. I'm like, well, like, I'm like,
I think I thought it was like missing. I'm like, I don't know.
I just like batted.
I probably thought the goalie was like still on the goal line.
Like I, I couldn't even see, I was so bad, just sucking wind.
And then I get to the bench and then, you know, next thing I know, like 10,
10 scored the goal. And then like, I didn't even really think about what happened. So
I was just, you know, so pumped up and I'm like, let's go. And then, you know, I kind
of see like after, after we're done in the locker room, we like go, go back and go eat
and stuff. And then, and then I'm like looking at my phone and it's just blowing up. And
then I'm like, like, fuck, I didn't realize it was like that close like um you know during during the play so um yeah i was it was pretty crazy but
um obviously you know a special moment for uh for our group what was the time after was it one minute
was it right around then uh i don't know i mean i just remember getting to the bench and just
taking taking a couple a couple sips of like gatorade and then they say no we're coming out of the bench yeah so i don't get melt the mouth from a bitty in the
front row hey winning it on home soil oh my god you guys get ripped up afterward or what and i
heard i heard you can gas beers look at him you think he's a poster boy for big deal brewing yeah
we're gonna get you on sponsorship we're gonna going to collab with the shampoo and all of that, buddy.
We're rolling now.
For sure.
Three beers for the rest of his career.
We couldn't, you know, Hockey Canada, you know,
with obviously all this stuff that was kind of going around,
they did not want anything going on.
They had like security guards on our hotel floors and stuff.
So we honestly couldn't do anything if we even tried to.
And I'm sure, you know, some of the boys did.
But, yeah, like, it was pretty sealed tight.
And then, you know, I definitely celebrated when I came home, though.
I got a question because with the tournament getting canceled,
ridiculous, in December, there was guys who decided not to go, right?
Like, I think Owen Power didn't go, Shane Wright didn't go.
And I mean, you'd already played in the NHL and you were the captain.
I mean, was there even a thought of skipping it the way other guys were?
No, to be honest, I, you know, it's been a dream of mine ever since I was a kid.
You know, I didn't even think it was possible for me to play in it.
Like, you know, as a kid, obviously just, and then, you know possible for me to play in it like uh you know as a kid obviously just um
and then you know you get the chance and you you know you've been told you're going to get the
captaincy and stuff like that it's just like you know like there's no way i'm passing this up this
is you know a lifetime you know it's an experience of a lifetime and um you know i think it's also
you know i think a lot of players get better playing in those you know those high pressure
moments too um like gold medals, like, you know,
just even like OHL finals or Memorial Cup, just those, you know, high pressure games. I think,
you know, players can, you know, get a lot better, you know, in those circumstances. So
for me, it was, it was a no brainer. And, you know, I'm definitely proud of this,
the decision I made. And it probably felt good to wipe that bad taste from your mouth after
the tough loss at the mem cup too you guys go all the way to the final you win the ohl we didn't
really talk about the trade when you moved over to hamilton we'll get into that but that must have
been just fucking devastating yeah no for sure it definitely sucked um you know we're we're really
banged up too which even made it worse i feel feel like, just because, you know, we felt like we had more.
We could have gave more.
And what you fought through to get there.
Exactly.
Yeah, it was tough.
But, you know, credit to them.
They're a great team.
They played really well.
You know, their home support is a tough situation for us.
But, you know, as I said, credit to them.
They're a good team.
But, you know, it definitely stings.
No. Hey, so what you're probably referencing in a very political way,
let me guess these guys loaded up, lost in the second round of the Q finals.
They were at home and got home ice and then they ended up being all arrested
and they won the tournament.
That's my biggest complaint about that.
That's my biggest fucking complaint.
It's the first round of the Q.
What a, that should be automatic pigeon toss that's like getting 10 goals if you play in the quebec league like it's that's like yeah i don't know i i don't know how they lost in the first
round though i think they were like a really good team so i i have no idea how they did
mr politician
through that well so uh and biz mentioned the trade i mean you mentioned peterborough and then
i think it was like two players and six draft picks were you like brought in in discussion
in terms of where you wanted to go or was that completely out of your hands uh yeah a little
bit i mean in the oh i think you can kind of like manipulate where you where you want to to go a little bit. Um, you know, obviously the team's got to trade you and the
other team's got to want you for sure. But, um, yeah, I think it was kind of between Hamilton and
London. So, um, I didn't really know, you know, what the teams were like, especially the Eastern
conference only played the Eastern conference this year, COVID and stuff like that. So, um,
and I've only, I only played five games, so I didn't, I didn't really know who was,
who was good or who was bad. So I just kind of relied on, you know,
my agent, you know, Pat Morrison, he did a great job and you know,
obviously the decision kind of worked out, but yeah,
I love my time in Hamilton is such, such great guys, you know,
as a older team too. So we had a lot of fun and we, we obviously,
you know, brought it every every night
too um you know that we played so it was a great time for sure who thought of the the after you
win every game you had that big hammer and you'd put the nail in was it i think that was just like
no i don't know i think it was just like the media team but it was pretty cool you know they
did a great job there so um yeah that was pretty cool we mentioned one of your teammates earlier
trevor zieger so you got to ask about what was your first impression the first time you met that kid you
guys almost seem like opposite personalities in some way yeah um i don't even remember i think it
was last year it was like uh development camp i saw him um he's just like what's up what's up man
like i'm z i'm like all right like. Like, nice to meet you, man.
And then, yeah, no, ever since that, we've, you know, become pretty close.
And, you know, obviously he's a terrific player and a great guy.
It's, you know, pretty fun to be around.
So, yeah, no, definitely, you know, nice to have him on your team.
And a whirlwind of a year for him.
Now he's the cover boy.
That's fucking pretty good first year, if you Pretty good. First year. If you ask me.
Yeah, no, it's pretty wicked. I think he kind of,
he knew a little earlier too. So yeah, he kind of told me, I'm like, wow, like that's, that's pretty sick. That's pretty wicked. Yeah, I know.
It was, it was pretty special for him. I'm sure.
Now in camp opens,
are you going to be starting off at center or wing or do you know yet?
Have you talked to the coach about that yet?
Honestly I have no idea
I think we're just doing rookie turnaround
right now and I'm playing center so
obviously it's a whole lot different
training camp than rookie camp but
I kind of play
in any way
I even like the right wing too
but obviously most naturally
a centerman but I personally think I'll be on right wing too. So, but obviously, you know, most, you know, naturally a centerman, but I think I,
I personally think I'll be on the wing to start.
Oh, really? Okay. Cause going back to Eakin's comment,
the problem with keeping you last year was the fact that they were deep in that
position and you just weren't going to get the amount of reps you needed.
And, you know,
sometimes when you put a guy in like a third or fourth line role that you want to eventually be a top two line player like you know you dumb them down to
becoming a you know a plug yeah no i don't know i mean it could be you know could be center could
be weighing i'm not honestly i have no idea but um if i had to you know choose one i think i'd
start on the wing hopefully if i you know have a good training camp makes team why is why is that
just because it's so hard to compete down low against these these big guys at that level i don't know i
just think we have you know three really good centermen right now too um and yeah no it's it's
tough you know as a younger guy you know going in um you know playing playing really good centers i
think faceoffs are a huge thing too um and you know it's a lot of experience and reps at that
but yeah i'm not i'm not too sure i mean i could play center for sure but um you know it's a lot of experience and reps at that and um but yeah i'm not i'm not too sure
i mean i could play center for sure but um you know it could be on the way i honestly have no
idea busy wants to get some tap-ins just driving the net hard i mean yeah cut the guy some slack
i'm grilling you right now you look good as a fucking centerman bro
man make me look stupid on my own podcast take me through a day, like in the summer, right?
After you train, like what are your hobbies?
Are you golfing?
Are you doing anything in the afternoon?
This summer was weird with the World Juniors.
I mean, did you have any time to just chill?
Yeah, for sure.
I mean, I definitely like to golf, you know, quite a bit.
That was pretty much, you know, workout, skating,
and then golf pretty much every day.
That was pretty much, you know, golf or workouts, skating and then golf pretty much every day.
So, yeah, just kind of started after after, you know, COVID kind of hit.
And then that's pretty much the only thing you could do.
So, yeah, just just being out with my buddies, too.
It's nice and fun and being outside.
So, yeah, it's always nice to, you know, get out.
He said he said he golfed with a little attitude there, Biz.
He said he said he golfed with a little attitude there, Biz. He said he golfs with a little attitude there.
Almost like he's calling us out.
You know, shit. I would love to play, guys.
I may be on, you know, Biz strokes, though, but we'll see.
What the fuck does that mean?
Have you fucking watched any of the last three, buddy?
You weren't on a three-game win streak, right, Whit?
Yeah, no, you guys are great players for sure.
And one drop in tomorrow, correct?
My left stroke just went viral.
Correct.
One drop in tomorrow.
Who do you emulate your game after?
Like, is there one guy you watched growing up where you're like,
I want to be that fucking tank out there, running guys over, a throwback.
If somebody hits my teammate the wrong way,
I'm going to go over and pump their fucking eyes shut.
I'm going to bury Genos.
Who was that guy that you looked up to um i did love watching uh well pittsburgh was my favorite team
so i liked uh i like crosby i like malkin if you say kunitz right now you i wouldn't i wouldn't
say that but um yeah just crosby and malkin i'd say are the the biggest guys um you know just
especially crosby just the way he carries himself off the ice
and how hard he, you know, competes.
And, you know, the success kind of speaks for itself.
You know, he's won, I think, three cups now.
So, yeah.
No, four.
I don't know if you saw Malkin's birthday cake.
They got another one coming.
The next time you see Sid.
Their names are already written down for this season's winners
next time you see sid tell ask him who taught him the knee drop i don't think he fucking broke the
30 goal mark until i taught him that so hey biz when i was looking up uh when i was reading about
this guy he's exactly 20 years younger than me so think about that biz 18 years younger than me. So think about that, Biz. 18 years younger than you, 20 younger than me.
So that means when you were, what,
11, like, big-time NHL fan,
was McDavid already in the league?
Are you that young?
Well, I was born in
2003, so
I don't know. I mean, I definitely do remember
watching McDavid when I was, like, yeah, like,
13 or 12 or something like that.
So, yeah, it's definitely his friggin' kids, dude. He was fuckin' born the, I was like, yeah, like 13 or 12 or something like that. So, yeah.
He was freaking kids, dude.
He was fucking born the year I was drafted. This is eerie.
Now I feel bad for saying you were getting mouth-to-mouth, the bitty behind
the bench. How do we end this thing?
R.A., you got anything for this guy?
I friggin' feel, for Christ's sake.
Mace, what was the biggest
eye-opener when you were with the Ducks lastace, what was the biggest eye opener when you,
when you were at the ducks last year,
what was the biggest surprise that you weren't expecting being on the road
with a, with an NHL team?
Yeah. I think just, you know, the way they travel,
the hotels you stay at, it's just, you know, you, you,
you can kind of think about it, you know, as a, as a kid, but you,
you never, you never really do think about, you know,
how they travel and how nice it is. And then, you know, you just,
you just hop on the private jet and you're at the, you know,
nicest hotel and then, you know, you're playing and then you're back home and then you're traveling again.
It is a lot of travel, but, you know, I think the teams are doing a great job
of, you know, making it, you know, really comfortable for the players.
And I thought that was a pretty, you know, special moment.
Is it true you were stealing the robes from all the hotels early on, though,
and then you didn't know you'd be getting charged for them?
You thought they were free?
And those blinds when he's down at that place.
That's a true story, right?
No, I don't think that's true, but maybe I'll do that, though.
It could be a play.
Just comes right out of your paycheck.
No big deal.
You know what Yans used to call the stewardess on our private flights?
He said it the other day to me. Fart sniff sniffers because all they do is blow gas after you eat drinking all
the protein shakes protein shake it's a pizza all over the place and they'd come kneel down
and they'd ask for your order and you just rip it out they call them the fart out is that bad, Mason? Is that  I don't know.
I don't want to get you in trouble.
It's too late for that.
Probably not.
Ship already sealed.
Mason, I saw at Cordia's that you were talking about comparing North America to Switzerland, the way they train individual development.
You said it was actually better over there.
What's the big difference that you think it's better there
and North America could learn from it?
Yeah. over there well like what's the big difference that you think it's better there in North America could learn from it uh yeah I think uh I think it's just you know the coaches talk a lot with the players I find and they you know there's obviously bigger ice too so I think you're
getting more touches and more time more space with the puck and you're kind of getting that
extra second to make you know make more plays and you know maybe make that extra play that you know
you might not have time to and you you know, North American size rank.
And I don't know, it could have just been the team I was on too, for sure.
But I thought they did a really good job, you know,
with the development side of the game.
Outside of Kent Johnson and Bedard,
if there was one player on that world junior team,
you're going to say this guy is going to go have a long,
successful NHL career.
Which guy would you pick?
I would take Zellweger ducks ducks nation so wow you guys are just hey all you devils fans listening
this is the future is bright the anaheim ducks is when you say the future is bright
posh i'm gonna jump out a window right now yeah fucking posh he's been talking about this team
for seven years they've had 16 first first overall draft the devil's just catching such a ricochet shot in
this interview they're across the country from the dark wait wait i think i met this guy's mom
outside of our hotel because it just so happens we were there he's he's the defenseman right
yeah yeah apparently he's fucking nasty yeah he has he has sick mitts, like really nasty.
He skates so well, too.
He's a great guy, too.
So I think he's pretty nasty.
So they got him and Drysdale back there.
They are locked and loaded.
Yeah, yeah.
And our 10th overall pick was, I think, Minkoff, too.
He's at the rookie camp.
He's looking nice, too.
So, yeah.
I apologize for not knowing, but I saw Zegers and Drysdale
got new numbers this summer.
What are you wearing there?
I'm still 37.
I want to change to 23.
Training camp number.
Yeah, I don't know.
I'm not  probably make the team first and then maybe next year.
Yeah, yeah.
I don't know.
Yeah, I mean, I don't mind 37.
It's all right.
It's my mom's favorite number too, so it's kind cool i guess i was 37 at blues camp you know what happened
well i got a job with me pack and then a one-way ticket out of town
ended up in belfast you might want to ask that guy to change it up
fuck you that was during the lockout you asshole, we all need a little bit of time overseas, right, Mason?
Yeah, we all did it. We all did it.
And RA's been to Colombia, so similar to what we did in Europe.
Overseas somewhere.
Oh, buddy. Well, I don't know if these guys have anything else for you,
but this was great.
We appreciate getting to know you and chatting with you here.
Yeah, no, awesome. Thanks for having me, guys.
I'm all in on the Ducks. I'm all in on the Ducks.
I am all in on the Ducks this year.
That'll get us a trip to SoCal, too, Biz.
Let's do it.
Another alumni spot for your boy.
Yeah.
Yeah.
All right.
Don't be fucking busting out any heritage moments on the golf course during our sandbag,
or I'll drive you over with the cart, you fucking asshole.
All right, man. See you later. Good luck this year, brother.
All right. Big thanks to Mason McTavish for joining us once again.
Want to let you know his interview was also brought to you by Shopify.
Shopify is the all in one commerce platform to start, run and grow your business.
Shopify gives entrepreneurs the resources once reserved
for big business. So upstarts, startups, and established businesses alike can sell everywhere,
synchronize online and in-person sales, and effortlessly stay informed. Shopify offers
online retailers a suite of services, including payments, marketing, shipping, and customer
engagement tools. Connect with your
customers, drive sales, manage your day-to-day. Shopify instantly lets you accept all major
payment methods, and Shopify has thousands of integrations and third-party apps, from on-demand
printing to accounting to advanced chatbots and beyond. So go to shopify.com slash chicklets all lowercase for a free 14-day trial
and get full access to shopify's entire suite of features grow your business with shopify today
go to shopify.com slash chicklets right now holy shit is that flawless entrepreneurs i like how you
did that too you got a little fucking accent you in there
it's probably one of the most mispronounced words out there you gotta say entrepreneur
there's a p-r-e in there so you gotta get a little french no clue um i found out it was a
it's a whirlwind not a whirlwind today you're right yeah oh you just found that out today
because i sat on the phone he goes you know it's whirlwind whirlwind and i know you're like no jeff to me it's whirlwind
it's whirlwind now so uh what is is two i think i used to say two peas in a pot and they're like
yeah it's in a pod right he's in a pod yeah yeah i think i have one of these but i can't think of
what you guys want i actually might have several you say yeah you've got where you say wary instead of worry uh worry bright side i wouldn't worry
about bright side those are a couple i mean i butch the fucking language too before you get
into the the cap and stuff did you see our buddy billy g he got a new puppy it's a great bernice uh which is
a hybrid of a bernice mountain dog and a great paris they named it lando uh after star wars
character lando calrissian uh you know i know you guys okay so that's the new school star wars
because i don't remember no no no no no lando lando is uh billy d williams he's the black guy
in empire strikes back when they go to the Cloud City looking for help.
Yeah, Wendell Calrissian played by Billy Dee Williams.
I guess I've kind of outed myself as
somewhat of a poser Star Wars
fan, but the first three
I loved. I owned them on VHS and I would
watch them all the time, but I didn't remember
that. Now, can I
see a picture of the dog?
Is that Apollo Creed, the actor?
No, that's no, that's Kyle Weathers played Apollo Creed.
Billy Dee Williams played Lando Calrissian.
Billy Dee Williams.
Yeah, you're close.
You're close.
Two huge guys from two huge franchises back in the day.
Wing and a miss.
Yeah, I can get that picture over to you in a sec, Biz.
But the puppy goes for anywhere between 2,200 and 2,500.
Is that expensive for a puppy? I'm not much of a puppy guy. But the puppy, the puppy, it goes for anywhere between twenty two and twenty five hundred dollars.
Is that is that expensive for a puppy? I'm not I'm not much of a puppy guy.
I don't think I got mine for for just like a little fee at the where we ended up picking them up at the what do you call them? Oh, you got a rescue dog. I got a rescue. Lloyd Lloyd is the greatest rescue dog of all time.
is the greatest rescue dog of all time i am so fucking grateful that that dog's in my life oh that's a cute puppy he's gone yeah i have no idea billy g's for the first time
no i don't know if that's expensive ra how did you know the price um because i didn't
you texted and asked them no no no no somebody uh was wondering in the comments or the other replies
on twitter what kind of dog it was and then i think the person who actually read it read it
read it replied and said you know sent the link to the history of the dog because it's a hybrid dog
but that's where the price came up i just said that's cool okay yeah no i think that's pretty
reasonable i mean for how much joy a dog brings their family i mean they're priceless what kind
what kind of exotic pet would you would you buy biz like a koala bear like a like a mama set like a tiny
monkey if you could have like an exotic pet what would you okay so um i got that lot in jackson
and i think that if i ever build there i'm 100 getting um and i guess i don't know if you
consider it exotic but the highland cattle uh billy football put me onto them and
they're just you're gonna get it you're gonna get cattle no i'm gonna get one i'm gonna i'm gonna
i don't i won't name it billy i'll come up with a funny name for the one that i get but if it had
to be like exotic exotic i would probably want to have like a chimpanzee because it's kind of like
a buddy oh till they write your fucking face off though. They can get just one cattle biz.
I feel like we can't gloss over that.
Are you going to ride your cattle around?
No, it would be more of a pet because they're so beautiful.
Like Google a Highland cattle right now and say, oh, fuck, that actually would be cool to have just one of those.
Doesn't make it very unique if you got a bunch of those.
I mean, would I have I think that I would have i would raise my own cattle to maybe
like eventually eat it as beef oh wow he's like he's like he's like oh wait fluffy like yoshi
yeah your pet it's it's awesome looking now uh but no but there's chimpanzees that are pretty
normal i mean fuck that the one movie most valuable primate day that was a good one just
i want a guy who can go get me some,
go get me a beer.
Let's go grab some ice cream.
The lady in Connecticut, she gave her a chimpanzee
valuable, like a benzo to calm it down
and it fucking flipped out and bit her fucking face
off, man. I'm pretty sure the monkeys
will straight up kill you.
Yeah.
I mean,
we got to talk to Zegers. I know
we're going to chat with him in the next
few weeks he's got a kimono dragon or something like that i think no i i'm telling you or he like
goes and sees a dragon well we'll get the story from but i got some inside sources okay he's got
his own pet kimono dragon i believe well brent burns is the ace ventura of the nhl with how many
pets he's owned over the course of his career.
He actually has a massive, massive farm in the state of Texas.
We've got to catch up with him again.
That was an awesome interview.
That feels like 10 years ago.
We should do it when we  I want to go to that outdoor game they got going there.
We're going to probably do it.
Wait, where?
In Carolina this year.
They got the stadium series game.
That's where the outdoor game is?
I didn't know that.
Yeah, that's where the stadium series is.
Yeah, because the winter class is here in Boston.
It's not going to be a fucking...
Who's Carolina playing in that?
Maybe Florida, because
Tampa got Nashville last year, so maybe
the Panthers, but I can't wait
for the all-day tailgate, because it's not too late.
NHL plays a week in tailgate.
What would you have? What would be your exotic animal?
I can't
even think one. I hate snakes. I'd never have
that.
If you could
guarantee to be able to train
anything, it would be like a little monkey
or a gorilla or something.
They're like us.
There's people out there who actually don't think
humans came from monkeys at one point or or gorillas have you seen those things the one at the zoo and uh right
around boston has a baby there the baby was born when wyatt was born he goes and sees him so what
do you think happened like like humans started fucking and then they how did they i have no idea
how it happened but there had to be some sort of connection millions of years ago are you guys
actually do you all not think there was no i believe in that evolution of man yeah like the
evolution of man like i don't know why some got left behind or how they're still even all these
different monkey species but i don't know man i feel like i got the middle guys back right now
but i don't think i ever fully fully got there dinosaurs went in sync there was one guy he's like my l5s1
i can't wait to get up i'm gonna be getting a i'm gonna be getting a bunch of dms from my gut
physio people oh you gotta put the ball in your ass here and then you gotta put the bong
down for a second so yeah hurricanes are playing the capitals in that stadium series game that
okay speaking of balls and people's actors oh you know this hey i'm all in on the chess world now
i've been playing a little bit lately with pasha too and we talked about playing at some point
i'll dummy you in chess you've been delay in chess. The best chess player in the world played against a guy who was known as one of the bad boys.
And apparently he's been caught cheating before.
But he dusted the champ.
And this champ was on a 40-game win streak.
And they're saying that he had anal beads up his ass.
And that somebody was sending a zapper
to tell him where to move like they basically ran it and because he was just like firing i saw this
story but so what do you so what is the wild story i saw the guy who cheated who i believe cheated
uh interviewed and he had such a smug look to him and his answer, something smelled fishy. 100
he had anal beads on his back. He's like that Shrek-le
whatever that scumbag's name is who has
the Wu-Tang album that fucking made all
the prices. Oh, Shkreli.
That guy was a rat. That's who he reminded me of.
That's who it is. The story is
wild.
Oh my god. He sold
the Wu-Tang album for the
vibrating anal beads. But he he what i don't
understand is if so is somebody watching if it's being streamed or whatever and and then are they
putting in if these are the best two in the world who knows what the next move is like it's a
computer it's a computer generated what's the best computer algorithm what's the best move here
right to the fucking anal gland yeah just coming in his jeans so you're telling me no guys no guy
out there could beat a computer in chess no they play to draws all the time they play draws yeah
they wow you actually know a lot about this wow biz huh yeah i'm i'm a chess connoisseur and i
also uh well we we did have the archbishop on.
And then that's an old school interview for you, for your OG fans.
I don't even know who the archbishop is.
The foot model.
And then I believe they had the show called the Queen's Bishop.
Queen's Gambit.
Or the Queen's Gambit.
Queen's Gambit, yeah.
Oh, yeah.
I'm pretty much an expert.
Best piece to the queen shout
out the queen i mean we're bringing up all this uh yeah who was famous for her her pearl necklaces
my mother would fucking told you like i think my mom was like crying when when the queen died
she was always like a loyal bad joke bad joke okay i laughed this woman i
talked about a bush her life to service my mom she seemed like an like all right you probably
know more about the the queen and everything that she contributed to society i just think that the
whole monarchy thing is the biggest fucking it's they're just hoarding money yeah hoarding money
i have no affinity
for the monarchy of the way they do things r.a always talks about being irish and how he hates
the royals so much from like ireland and the entire basically what they did to irish people
correct yeah i mean and and just clarify here because i know i had a few few of our uk listeners
um chime in and like this isn't about uk people British people it's just we love all our fans it has nothing
to do with people who live in England or
Britain or whatever
like bricks as an
American especially who live in Boston
and you know virus ancestry yeah I don't
have like there's no love
loss for me with the monarchy and what they stood for
whatever I mean I'm not like crying and like
laughing at my beer here I just I didn't
feel anything like she passed away as an older woman who passed away like mean, I'm not like crying and like laughing at my beer here. I just I didn't feel anything like she passed away as an
older woman who passed away like, OK, but I didn't
like I'm not crying. I'm not. Yeah, like
96 years old. I mean,
come on now. What a fucking run.
I just, you know, they interviewed that one
like one. I don't know if she was Irish on CNN
and they she made very like clear
and distinct answer why like she
you know, like, yeah, it's sad when anyone dies, but
like, you know, you know, look at the track record of what what was done or wasn't done and you know is that what
they talk about colonialism yeah yeah i mean people like yeah she didn't colonize everything
but she you know there was a lot of stuff that happened on her watch with really you know she
didn't yeah i mean especially with the irish troubles during the 70s and stuff and you know
like tumble and power maybe could have done things different.
I mean, my thing was look at the reactions around the world.
You know, there were a lot of people who weren't particularly upset,
not just Irish people, but the Argentines.
And there were countries, there were people in countries
legit popping champagne like afterwards.
Like I wasn't doing that.
But yeah, it wasn't a person who like everybody.
Over the Queens passing?
Yeah.
Yeah. Oh, my. Rolled a who like everybody over the Queens passing. Yeah. Yeah.
Oh, I mean, it's spiteful.
I mean, look at the history of the world.
And it's kind of crazy that a small little country the size of fucking Alabama or whatever
has like caused so much havoc planet wide.
I mean, I understand things are different.
Times are different.
And that's the way of the world back then.
But it is wild that one tiny country was able to to like do so much like i don't know whatever word you want to use
i don't say damage is the word but just that they created so much mayhem around the planet like
taking people over and stuff it's kind of wild that one little small country was able to wreak
so much havoc over the years but i saw david beckham stood in line 13 hours to see her coughing i mean
that might be one of the craziest things i've ever seen in my life i what would you wait 13
hours in line for but i'm calling bullshit there's no way he waited 13 hours yeah i don't think all
i think it's legit they had cameras on him the whole time unfortunately i think he actually
he actually did he was crying the whole time as well i mean guys like i said i i have you know somebody passed right it's it's sad i just i i don't uh
i guess i don't understand uh like um like millions and millions of pounds of flowers
were sent there like people spent millions and millions of pounds to buy her it's like
why not just donate the money to figure out how many people
that could have been fed on her behalf?
All of it's just bizarre.
Almost as much money as the monarchy
spent to have that fucking prince
what's his name?
Apparently he was getting
heckled the whole time.
He was getting heckled.
You probably should be getting heckled.
No, wasn't he in a full sweat next to a 15-year-old guy
with the Epstein?
Like, come on.
Yeah, he's a creep.
There's no two ways about it.
He's a fucking creep and was involved in all that.
And because of who he is, he didn't get arrested or do time.
And they pay, I mean, they paid a significant fucking chunk of change
to the woman there.
Miz, you know the now king?
How he was married to Princess Diana, but then he had an affair with her
and he's with the woman now. I don't
know her name. Camilla. Do you
know when they were like exchanging
messages early on in their affair?
They found out like he'd been saying, I want
to be like your tampon.
No lie.
No, that is that is it's true. And it's gross.
And let's talk about. No, let's
back it up one quick
sec you're saying that he said to the to the mistress that he wanted like as like what his
is like his i think he wanted to be inside he's awful at sex talk business and he said he wanted
a beer fucking tampon yes like that's just i'm just trying to figure out what that entails like
does he want being in her vagina oh that's what i think that's what it's that's i was overthinking it i
was definitely thinking it yeah he's like you want i want to be what you throw out like what
are you talking about this is so confused like i want to cheat at chess with you that's it
oh put your rook there baby oh yeah give me the rap let's talk about leaders who actually
crank the nozzle baby because we're gonna going to leaders who actually do lead people and make them want to do things they're proud to accomplish.
That blood much. Oh, God, Jesus Christ.
Montreal named Nick Suzuki, their 31st captain in team history.
Also the youngest at just 23 years old.
Coach Martin St. Louis asked him about it at the draft.
He took a couple of months to think it over and he will be the captain this year.
Brendan Gallagher and Joel Edmondson will wear the A's for Montreal.
And naturally, several Quebec politicians were chiming in,
saying, well, he was a great choice.
He now has to learn French.
Fuck off.
Fucking Ricky, better off dead.
Shut up.
French fries.
Shut up.
Hey, you guys have a hard enough time running the country.
Just worry about that.
Okay.
We'll get Suzuki the fucking hooked on phonics for for how to fucking tell you idiots
to shut up he said he took online classes as well as french growing up and that he's better reading
it and speaking it and that he'll quote get better at it but honestly he doesn't have to do anything
i mean he could appease them and say i'm gonna learn it but like you're fucking got a job to do
man you don't need to learn a whole new fucking language that's what translators are for they'll get over it like
the guy ain't gonna suddenly become fluent in fucking french i'll tell you what i'm i'm excited
for him and the pick i think he's just got such a calm demeanor about him where i mean obviously
they had a very difficult year last year it seems like he just like he's he's steady eddie he puts
the fucking work in they're gonna you know they are
a young team and he knows that they're gonna get better and i just think that he's the type of guy
that you want to emulate you know you you want that even keel guy who puts in the work and shows
up every day and just goes about his business it's it's a lot of pressure being the captain
of the montreal canadians at 23 but just for meeting him a couple times and just like conversing
with him he just seems like the type of kid who is just kind of like born to be a leader. So good for him.
And how, I mean, how fired up is he now probably looking back at being traded after getting
drafted by the Golden Knights? You know, he's in Montreal and I know that may sound crazy with the
Golden Knights having really good teams in the past three years, you know, the Canadians,
it's not what it once was.
But I think now to know I'm captain of this team, this historic franchise.
I do.
This is me saying it, and I'm sure he believes it.
This, I think, look at three, four years from now, the Canadians could be awesome.
You know, there's obviously question marks, but it looks like this, like the ceiling is high with a lot of these guys having the first overall
pick. They're probably going to have another higher pick this year,
I'd say. And I thought it might be Gallagher.
I think most people maybe,
but the fact that Suzuki's younger and has been there, the, the,
this is going to be his fourth season. It's like, all right,
we believe that as a younger guy, it's a, it makes more sense. And I don't,
I'm not inside the locker room, but it just Gallagher is I think what most
people thought. Would you agree with that?
He's he's, I think he's just too much on the back nine and yeah, exactly.
And, and, you know, he's slow. He's,
he's such a great guy to have in the locker room and I just don't like,
I don't, he, maybe he doesn't even expect it or want to be captain.
You know what I'm saying? Like, I think,
I'm pretty sure if this team is going to have any success moving forward,
it's going to have to be led by Nick Suzuki.
And I think they believe in that.
And obviously even the new GM in place believes that.
And, and the guy we talked about earlier, St. Louis, right?
I mean, he, he would be,
he would be telling them everything that he sees in that kid to management.
So I'm pretty sure that the right pick was made.
I also loved, I mean,
it makes sense that he was asked about it or offered it and it took
him a little while which you're not going to right away just say say yes i guess but um knowing that
he went back he probably talked to other guys in the team that he really trusted believe in and
wanted to make sure that they were completely comfortable with it maybe i'm maybe i'm 23 i
would have been at the fucking shape harry in the back this is like what can i get a bonus i have
a bonus for me around my horn.
Fucking having them fucking take it off.
Can I cash my check here like Shane O'Corson did?
And then the other side of the spectrum for a team that seemingly had a fast
track to the semifinals appearance a couple of years ago, the Jets,
they become a bit of a mess lately.
Paul Maurice walked no playoffs to Patrick Laine drama.
And now Blake Wheeler will no longer wear the C and what the franchise is
calling a leadership group restructuring.
But clearly bonuses taking the C off of this kid.
There've been all kinds of nonspecific stories about the Rome.
There've been problems in the room.
I mean, nobody comes out specifically what it is,
but he had been the captain since 2016.
He's got two years left at 8.25 million.
They're just going to go with
three a's for now darren drager tweeted uh quote it's not an indictment of whaler bonus wants other
players to share a bigger leadership role but i don't know that kind of sounds like spin i mean i
guess how is it not an indictment of the leadership is if they're if they're pulling the seat from the
guy which i've spent on this so so last uh last year specifically was difficult was it last year
he also had the rough start to the season
where he hadn't scored in about 15, 20 games to kick off the year?
So sometimes when you're going through personal struggles,
it's hard to be that leader because you're just like,
you're fucking like, well, how can I lead right now
because I don't even have my own game going.
Get on the fans once too.
So there was a bit of back and forth, I think,
all season with him and the fans.
I remember after one game where they won, I think he had a pretty good game.
He kind of bit back at him, and then it became a storyline.
So I have so much respect for the guy, and I would imagine it's probably
like an embarrassing scenario for a guy who holds himself to such a high standard.
You kind of get almost like the Joe Thorntonon vibes but it's you know it's all about how and how you handle it and i
think that his name has came up and trade speculation so much that i think that it also
it makes it an easier thing where you know you're not trading your captain where everyone's well
aware like listen we need to kind of hit the reset button and kind of get a better feel out for the locker room
and how to head in a winning direction.
If you're going to take this as a personal shot to your ego
and it's going to spiral and get worse,
well, then that's how somebody would decide.
But I would imagine that he's like, no, it's the right thing to do.
It probably helps make the transition if you were to get traded a lot easier.
And hopefully they can figure things out there because it's no secret.
We've talked about it like three or four times on the podcast
that there were internal issues in the locker room.
And maybe that the, how do I say this?
The camaraderie wasn't exactly where it needed to be.
And expectations were not being met based on what people thought that that team was.
Despite the lack of depth on defense defense they had the goaltending and they had a fucking miraculous top nine and they just kind of completely laid an egg and i think that uh that that's probably
why they're in the situation that they're in and and and to not even give it to scheifele either
because you saw his comments at the end of the season and I don't know if it's contract
how many more years
does he have left on his deal?
I think Scheifele gets two more. I think he has
two more I could double check.
I think that he's probably being underpaid
for what he brings as a player.
Where does he want to kind of pull the team?
I don't know where it
sits, guys. I don't have enough intel inside
that locker room other than where there's smoke, there's fire,
and it continues to get warmer and warmer on this core leadership.
Shifley has two more years left, this year and then one more.
And the weird thing is that this happened as well as Dubois made it clear he really doesn't want to be there.
There's just so many different storylines going into that team going into this season that at the beginning of the year if they
struggle no one will be surprised and if they light it up it'll be like wow something has
changed in there having said all that there has to be some part of Wheeler and I don't know him
personally that that it's a little difficult to be told that right i mean you're
still in the room with guys that you've been their leader and their captain for a long time and now
all of a sudden you're not that it's just it's got to feel a little different at the beginning
and maybe i'm completely wrong i'm just speaking maybe to how i would feel in that it's it's not
the easiest thing to go through i would i would guess i don't and i don't know him personally
either like i i've never heard a bad thing about him also so it's like well you know maybe he's also not in the wrong
in this situation and in fact they might not be steering it in the right direction you know we're
gonna see how this fucking plays out right yeah i wonder if bonus is sort of putting his own stamp
on you know this is a team they got nice decor top flight goalie the nice top last year i said
they were gonna nothing says galvanize the group, like strip the captain of the team.
No, get the team mad at the coach like I did at the Chicklets Cup.
That fell on my face.
Here we go.
Here we go.
Right now, seven teams currently without a captain.
Obviously, Winnipeg, Buffalo.
Scotty Bowman over here.
Buffalo, Anaheim arizona philly seattle
and calgary although spot money seems to think kyle oposo is going to get to see in buffalo but
either way uh that's that moving right along feel the stories here san jose and vanda can they
finally resolved uh his grievance over the contract termination last season before it had to go to
arbitration uh cane's gonna get a one-time payment, and San Jose will have a cap penalty retroactively applied
to last season's cap.
Basically, it sounds like he won his grievance,
even if no one's using that word.
And per Elliott Friedman, Evander Kane,
original deal is 19 million in cash over the next three years.
Current Edmonton deal is 16.5 million over the next three.
It's believed the settlement will address that gap.
So it sounds like they're just going to make them whole.
He's going to get his money.
Yeah, basically.
Let's see.
Pittsburgh signed coach Mike Sullivan to a three-year extension.
It kicks in fall on 23, 24 season.
We'll take him through 2027.
His 297 wins are the most in franchise history for a coach.
He has made the playoffs all seven seasons,
and he's the second longest tenured coach after Koop.
Dallas signed general manager Jim Nill to a one-year extension
and keeps him with the Stars through the 23-24 season.
He's heading into his 10th season as Star Jim.
He's made the playoffs five out of nine seasons.
Some more congratulations in order.
Congrats to Kyle Torres.
He retired back in August.
776 games played with Phoenix, Ottawa, Nashville, and Edmonton
over 14 NHL seasons.
He was named the special advisor to the general manager
and player development coach for,
because if you can help me with this,
is it Coquitlam of the BCHL?
How do you say that?
Yeah, Coquitlam.
Coquitlam, not too shabby.
I nailed it once.
First time out.
Chicago is going to retire Marion Host
as number 81 on November 20th
versus Pittsburgh because he was elected
to the Hockey Hall of Fame two years ago
and now he'll have his number up in the rafters
in Chicago. And Biz,
some big news relating to you.
The TV schedule for the season has been
announced. ESPN
is going to open on October
11th with the doubleheader, Tampa Bay and the
Rangers, followed by Vegas and the Kings.
And then, boy biz,
TNT is opening with the doubleheader
on October 12th.
The Bruins and Capitals kick off the season
on TNT, followed by Colorado
raising their banner before taking
on Chicago.
TNT has the Stanley Cup this year.
You must be so fired up for this.
Cause I know we are here at spit and chiclets.
So I was actually quite fortunate that we did.
We started out with just the conference finals.
Cause fuck it's a long season.
And like when you get involved with like the TV mix on TV,
where you're going every night and you're, you know,
you're trying to keep the beers out of your system or,
or whatever else you're consuming and balance it all.
But it was a great learning curve.
But, yes, I'm so fucking pumped that we have the Stanley Cup finals this year.
It's going to be a blast.
I'm not sure if we're going to travel for the conference finals and the finals,
but it was tough because at the beginning of the year last year,
we didn't go to the stadium series,
and we didn't go to Minnesota for the outdoor game.
Oh, yeah, the omnicron
variant it was it was crushing yeah yeah yeah yeah that guy um so now we're gonna be on the
road fully so we're gonna get in the swing of things so it was uh we're fired up i'm fucking
super pumped and uh you know it's um it's uh who do you guys think's gonna be in this cup final by
the way well i had colorado, and we can get into this later
if we do a season preview show, which I'm sure we will.
But once I saw those frigging outfits they wore against the foreplay crew
and the scramble, I don't know if you noticed that.
There is zero chance they repeat.
Landis Gogg, Makar, Devon Taves, and JT Confer
played the Barstool Golf Podcast foreplay in a scramble versus each other.
Their outfits, there is zero chance that they're repeating.
You heard it here now.
And they were my pick until I saw this picture.
All right, do you want to chime in?
On picks for next year?
I haven't really done my homework yet for who I'm going to be picking
for futures next year.
So, no, I don't have any cup selections yet.
I got this inkling about Geno's cake,
and I'm feeling the Pittsburgh Penguins if they get the gold pennies. That's what I want. That any cup selections yet. I got this inkling about Geno's cake, and I'm feeling the Pittsburgh Penguins.
If they get the gold pennies. That's what I want.
That's what we want.
Can we get that lucky?
Can we get that lucky, Biz?
I don't know.
All I know is I'm going back.
We're going back to the bird.
We're going back.
Back to the bird.
Keep saying that Sid's fired up.
I mean, Jesus, that gets my...
I feel that in my plums.
I want to do it.
There's a chance that he will show up.
I want to do like a Cribs episode with Gino in Pittsburgh
because he's always got like weird shit in his house.
He still has the cake left over in the fridge.
He's like, you want a piece?
Done.
Done.
Do you get your specific game schedule yet
or is that sort of play it by ear as the year goes on?
We're trying to figure that out with, of course,
what we're traveling for and doing with spit and chiclets.
Like that's kind of the hard part.
I mean, obviously talk, you know, in Anson and Liam, you know,
Wayne also has other duties too.
So we get him sometimes and sometimes he's not on the broadcast,
but I'm excited to see the crew and,
and figure out exactly what dates I will be going.
But I don't think I'll miss a date,
at least the first full month of the season.
But man, we got, you mentioned it briefly,
like we got some fun shit coming.
We got the Pittsburgh to open things up.
We're for sure going to be in Boston
for that outdoor game.
Chicklets coming back home to where it all began,
where R.A. birthed this beautiful little baby and we're going back for the outdoor game and they're playing against the
penguins correct correct the mundo oh my god oh my it's just like it's too perfect it doesn't make
any sense how perfect it is so we're pumped we're pumped for a big year and fucking way knows
hopefully we a wayno said every time,
every year I'm on TNT with him,
we get one interview.
So we're going to unlock a few more doors.
Maybe we could figure out a few more crazy.
Get that guy on the golf course biz.
That's potential.
Maybe we use up our token on a sandbagger.
Yeah.
Another good opportunity to promote the sandbagger coming Wednesday.
I know we mentioned it earlier in the episode,
but Matt Molson,
Kyle, a big one coming on the, but Matt Molson, Kyle,
a big one coming on the chicklet.
You tomorrow night,
guys,
everyone listening tomorrow night.
And funny enough,
I went to the BU hockey.
I took Ryder and they just,
they just scrimmage each other.
Red verse,
red verse white,
the Saturday morning.
And there were some BU fans.
There were also chicklets fans.
A couple of them said,
our favorite thing is the sandbag.
Or when is the next sam where i go
this week we'll drop one wednesday night so if you listen to this right now tomorrow night and
it's a good one i watched it i was laughing it's pretty funny to see back like some of the moments
you kind of when we're playing in those you don't really you don't realize what they're saying in
their cart you don't remember some of the things or hear the things you say to me so i think this
is a good one we have a three match win streak going and we have a little surprise little twist in this one
too and we're going to do that more moving forward we're going to throw some twists in like whether
it's like little mini competitions within the competition so enjoy that one buffalo saber
special and congrats to matt molson who uh he got a job with the Leafs. He's going to be scouting. He loves watching hockey, Matty Molson.
So it's a perfect job for him.
Well, the golf top, perfect segue into Bryson DeChambeau.
Loser.
This guy.
He's on a course or tournament or whatever.
There's a little rope, and he like running. He runs right into it.
And then when he looks, he tries to blame,
like he's looking for somebody to blame that he walked into this thing.
It's amazing.
If you haven't seen this article, this idiot is walking back.
They have the ropes that golf.
So the fans got to be outside the ropes,
trying to get back inside the ropes after ripping his drive left.
Idiot Bryson.
And just doesn't even come close to getting underneath this rope it's like
he was acting like somebody lifted it up into his face as he went down he went down nowhere even near
what was going to be low enough and it buried him in the face and he's like what the fuck and then
he's like shit he grabs a towel from his cat he said i can't see anything in the eye he was all poopy pants it's
so funny too because it it perfectly it describes perfectly the type of guy he is at least from what
i see on the outside in that i would like to think if that was me i would just start carving myself
i'd be like oh my god we'd have another one like like at some point do you have any sort of ability to maybe make funny
yourself and he just he's so ridiculous he starts yelling at people we're hitting him in the eye
with the rope it's like bro you just walk directly into that dude he has time and again proven to be
such a clown and such an idiot on in terms of like personality and and his social media presence and the quote he gives.
He is a goon.
So I couldn't.
I've watched that video a hundred times today.
Goon.
Goon's a good word.
He's an absolute goon, dude.
He's like the biggest.
He's the most perfect individual sport definition guy.
Like, I guarantee if he ever played a team sport, the whole team probably couldn't stand him.
I saw he did the first pitch at the White Sox game
because the live event was in Chicago.
Horrible throw.
Looked like nobody ever even taught him how to throw a ball.
I think that everybody's doing that now.
They're trying to go viral.
They just throw bad, bad balls.
Well, no, not my boy Goose.
Not your boy Goose.
Alex Goligosky, who did the first pitch at the Twins game
with a hockey stick.
He fired in a rocket wrister.
Boom. Right down the pipe. A strike Twins game with a hockey stick. He fired in a rocket wrister. Boom, right down the pipe.
A strike in any umpire's book.
So he knows what's going on.
And if he'd had airmailed the catcher, he would have laughed at himself.
Bryson's looking to blame some Saudi volunteer that they shipped over
to do the ropes, and it was his fault.
He's been executed.
Another clip of somebody.
By Bryson.
He's like, let me do it.
With his pitching wedge.
Well, it wasn't a head, but a finger popped off.
Another video.
Merles, I don't know where he got this one.
That didn't look real.
I was wondering if that was.
It was a father.
With the wedding ring.
It can the way it catches or something like that uh somebody else had something about like a story similar when i went back on my custodian
days man i would not wear a wedding ring because there were so many opportunities for it just to
catch and it'll it'll take your fucking finger right off man that's that's that's why i didn't
i never used to wear my ring it looked fake though biz oh it looked super I mean, people have to go online to understand what we're talking about,
but this father,
it was,
he looked like he was in the penalty box or,
or maybe shut the door or whatever it was.
So he jumped back over and he grabbed the top and the top of the glass is
maybe where it got caught.
And,
and the way it popped off is what made it look fake.
Cause it just was like,
boop.
And it just like went flying in the air.
Like it was nothing. It looked like there wasn't even much pressure coming down and then you could see
the guy's reaction yeah ring of ring avulsion they someone said google ring avulsion like that
explains like the physics of how a figure would just pop off quite that's why you don't get
married folks that's why i'm holding out well it's been a been a few uh a few what several weeks a month
since we got together and you you guys ain't gonna believe this but my gears may be grinded
once or twice while while we've been on break here we go a little bit bus stop no no no i didn't know
i actually did say somebody was warned that a shark was about to bite him in the foot at the beach. Oh, no. Or he's pissed the guy got his leg saved.
I kept a couple notes.
No, listen, I worked hospitality.
I was a bartender.
I served tables.
It's a tough job, and hats off to anybody who does it.
But there were a couple little things I noticed over break where it's like,
all right, man, you can't do this if you're in the industry.
First off, this is like the small end of the scale.
When you order fast food and you get French fries on the top
and they put the napkins right on top of the bag
so they're right in the greasy fries.
I thought we were talking about fine dining.
I thought we were talking about a waiter who doesn't write down the order
and he's talking about McDonald's drive-thru.
I said I'm starting on the low end.
The low end.
There's a couple of them.
That's just ridiculous. You hand
the napkins separate from
the bag where the greasy food is.
Exactly. There's a place
not far from my house where it's a popular
late-night joint, but every time you get...
Rat them out, R.A.
People know who they are, the Great Roast Beef Sandwiches.
They put the fucking napkins
right on top of the greasy fries.
So it's like you go to like it defeats the whole purpose.
That's the next thing you know, you get a 500 facial like Grinnelli
with white heads popping out of your eyeballs.
Oh, here we go.
That's it.
We solved the puzzle.
Speaking of fast food, before the rest of you grind my gears,
I want to shout out Chick-fil-A.
I know I mentioned the sandwiches down at Georgia.
Maybe the most
well-run business in the world, not just fast food. First of all, every day, the ones I see,
they're packed, lines all day. You go through so fast, and then the food is so good. It's always
fresh. I found out from somebody, apparently, to franchise a Chick-fil-A, I think you have to have
worked in the restaurant industry for like five
years like they don't just give them out to anyone so there's a reason it's such a well-run machine
so shout out chick-fil-a that's like in and out in and out it's a well-oiled machine too they i
think from my experiences chick-fil-a like i think they they they they are 50 times more i think in
and out it's overrated too in a sense of like the quality of the product, but the way that it's made and how much they're able to do and rifle it all
out and the competence of the staff,
I think they got a well-oiled machine.
All right.
What's number two,
all right.
Second one is when they serve,
it takes your drink.
So whether it's a soft drink or a booze drink or not,
before you're done,
or at least what I would ask him,
like,
even if there's a little sip or a halfway through,
like,
especially if it's fucking booze,
you're paying for when they just come and take it away. I huge fucking, even if there's a little sip or a halfway through, like, especially if it's fucking booze you're paying for,
when they just come and take it away,
I huge fucking grand gig.
That's a no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no.
Especially, you know, if you want to pay for the thing,
you want to finish it, especially if even if it's a soft drink.
Now I want to finish my iced tea.
These are fair.
And this one.
Okay.
This one is when servers or bartenders go full hot.
Oh, and they try to memorize your order instead of, you know,
just fucking writing it down and getting it right. You what impresses me get my order right now i fucking
memorize it and put in the kitchen there's so many little details dressings fucking sauces soup
just write it down man you're not gonna impress me by memorize it then you butcher it all right
you're never impressed at all if there's like a party of seven and he just listens and it's all
different like changes and it's you don't get a little impressed when it's correct.
If it's from. Yeah, but I'm more impressed if if if he gets it right.
It's just like I get it.
It's sometimes if you don't have a pen or paper, but like, dude, just the whole point of hospitality is get the order right.
Get it. Get everything right.
Like I try to be fucking memory memorization person over here.
Memorize. Do your Sudoku puzzles at home.
Yeah, exactly.
A couple of things I noticed.
Get the mind games out of here. Just write my fucking order. I agree with you, R.A.
That was a great one.
He could have been busy. It could have been a crazy night.
He might not have had a pen handy.
They could have been out of pens at the restaurant.
There's a lot of intangibles here.
Out of pens at the restaurant?
There's a lot of intangibles here.
I just allowed for that.
And it's like, still do like if you're a fucking waiter, you know, you have a pen, but you can tell they're not doing it because they don't have a pen.
They're just doing it because there's a quick order.
I'll memorize it.
And then you get home and it's fucking they butchered it somehow.
So, yeah, I'm more impressed when you get the order right.
Then you are.
I really, really.
I don't want to eat anywhere that doesn't have a pen.
If the entire restaurant is not one pen, I'm not eating there.
That's a bad sign.
All right.
Great.
I like the escalation of the intensity of the grinding of the gears.
That was masterful.
Thank you.
I'd agree with you on all fronts.
Thank you, buddy.
I appreciate that.
I love when we get along.
Little tummy sticks.
Little tummy stick action.
I missed you, man.
I missed you.
Those pictures of your hands.
Oh my God.
I know.
That was like New Year, New Me
Monday.
Have you wrapped them?
You must have had to wrap them for three weeks.
I was walking around Oak Bay.
People were like, okay, this guy's a boxer.
I was wrapping him like a boxer
and keeping all the bandages on. You should have seen the look. He failed out of UFC. It's like a boxer because i was rapping him like a boxer to like keep it all the
bandages on like you should have seen the look it's like he failed out of ufc it's like give it
up bro pigeon uh leonardo dicaprio apparently he dumped uh his last girlfriend when she turned 25
apparently i know a buddy nate wrote a blog about it he always there's a chat he always dates girls
until they're either about to be 25 or they turn 25.
Then he trades them in for a new model.
But like, could you always date somebody two decades younger than you for like all the time?
I mean, I mean, you know, maybe he's meeting very intellectual girls that are 22, 23 years old.
Yeah, yeah.
The road scholars, a lot of them.
I mean, he has the pick of the litter
i'm sure looks does have you know its part in deciding who he ends up with uh but no no i just
i like good conversation so i don't typically date women that are that young it is a little
odd when they when that graph how it showed it legitimately stopped at 25 but i mean he had to
address it and i think
he's with a 27 year old now somebody said like it was that awkward yeah the gg hadid yeah he
really went high up he went to 27 that's his limit he's like cougar
hey cougar you want to do this let's get the publicist popping let's let's do this let's do
this for like two months i'm gonna fucking crush that crush that pussy. And then I'm going back.
I'm going right back.
Yeah.
And then I'm going back to graduation.
But yeah, it's just even like having a conversation with someone like that two decades younger, man.
So I don't know.
How do you spend your downtime?
I don't know.
They're sucking on his weens.
You think?
Yeah.
I don't even know.
I don't know about the conversation.
He's sucking on his vape pen.
He's sipping on champagne.
Yeah.
And giving them a soapy bum.
It's like  it's not exactly like a conversation of where our life goals are headed.
What's a soapy bum?
Soapy bum.
Do you know what that is?
Come on.
The Flyers guys are telling me about soapy bum.
If you lose a bet, you get soapy bummed.
And in the shower, you got to stand there with your butt cheeks open,
and everyone gets a big throw of soap up your cornhole.
So, like, you're farting bubbles for, like, three days.
So, a regular shower.
You know, you remember that old, I don't even still,
I don't know if they still have, remember the soap that was a little,
like, tingly?
Remember that soap he gets the Victoria runway
girls to get the fucking costumes on
and they come up they come up the
island and throw
the underhand underhand softball
right up his hoop he's a sick puppy
that Leo man I tell you
I soapy bummed him 15 times
one day he won the Oscar
gonna have Gigi blowing bubbles out of his arsehole.
Jack Mack calls him Gigi Hadid.
You did a video, you know, Jack Mack, our buddy at HeadQuiz.
Are you making fun of a guy for thinking that G-I-G-I is not pronounced Gigi?
I don't think it's like that crazy to say Gigi.
Have you ever shaved your bum hole like a Clippers?
Oh,
yeah. I mean, I've attempted it.
It's not exactly easy.
Have you ever
trimmed your cornhole, R.A.?
No, it's because it just
comes back with a fierceness. It just gets
worse. I mean, I would love to
laser every
hair below my fucking belt line.
But yeah, probably not going to happen.
Biz, if you made 100 million in your career playing pro football,
imagine having to fight for 15,000 to fight against one of your old fucking peers.
I don't know if you're not familiar with Le'Veon Bell knocked out Adrian Peterson
in some random celebrity boxing match.
I didn't even hear about it until it happened.
Cole Cox, I guess they only sold like 200 tickets,
but they said Adrian Peterson got 15,000 to do this fight.
He made over 100 million in his career just playing football,
let alone a goal.
What did Le'Veon Bell make?
He must have made a lot.
I don't know what he made, but he wasn't Adrian Peterson.
Adrian Peterson, I think he won an MVP title. I don't know what he made, but he wasn't, you know, he wasn't Adrian Peterson. He didn't play as well.
Adrian Peterson was, I think he won an MVP title.
Oh, I know.
Like Russian leader.
That's horrible.
100 million bucks, dude.
And he's fighting for 15 grand.
And G, you would know.
G knows who threw the fight.
There was no promotion.
There was.
Social gloves.
It's a joke.
It's an absolute joke.
And Le'Veon Bell made 45 million in his career.
They both needed 15,000 to fight.
That is actually sad.
It's not in the term of sad of people.
It's just pathetic almost.
You're like, holy shit, dude.
Yeah, I think AP's got seven, eight kids with six different moms.
He's probably got quite a few child support
payments he's worried about.
What's 15 grand going to do? Get you
like a week? Yeah, some
formula.
A couple diapers.
Let's see, boys. Actually, a couple of
fucking huge stars called it a
day since we last met up.
Tennis legend Roger Federer
and Serena Williams both retired.
We knew Serena was going to retire.
She had announced the pride, but Roger Federer announced
that he's going to retire at 41 years old.
He won 20 Grand Slam titles.
He went to 10 straight Grand Slam finals, won eight of them.
I guess the knee surgeries have done a number on him,
so he's going to be called in a day.
This guy was just always a classy, dignified player.
I know we're not the biggest tennis podcast out there, but I love a lot of the U.S.
Open this year.
I did, too.
The majors were unbelievable this year.
And then Serena, man, I think it was the second last match before she got knocked out.
I mean, you know, she's 40, almost 41.
A mother of one or two kids to get out there and still battle.
I mean, she literally went down swinging to the end, man.
It was just how many majors? Great warrior. Oh, battle. I mean, she literally went down swinging until the end, man. It was just a great warrior.
Oh, 27, I want to say.
She's the most.
23 Grand Slam singles.
The best ever.
I know others have won more, but the best ever, no doubt.
Who has won more?
Most accomplished tennis player to ever.
I don't think a woman's won more majors than that.
Have they?
I think it was one of those old school, like even back
when there was like 20s or 30s.
It was like the CFL. There was four people at
each major. It was either that or maybe
it may have been a Martina or a Chris Sever, a
Billie Jean, one of the women from the 70s, but
I'll double check. But yeah, have you guys
ever seen a pro tennis match live? Because
the US Open was here in New York and
it like captivated the city.
Everyone that went said it was so much fun. Yeah. Yeah.
And they said it was so much fun this year.
Yeah. I really want to go to a game there.
That Arthur Ashe stadium looks legit.
I watched a lot of golf this year. I was watching the men's side more,
but Federer in my time, like watching tennis, you know, Grand Slam finals,
he, that guy was just perfection.
It looked like he wasn't even trying.
He barely had to move.
He would just put the ball wherever he wanted.
I sort of got it.
Never.
He never sweat.
And all right.
You said it best.
He was like the classiest person off the court, it seemed like.
And so, I mean, I thought his retirement video was a little awkward.
It's like a four minute video of his just picture.
I thought I clicked on the thing was going to be him. It was like a four minute video of his just picture. I thought that I clicked on the thing.
It was going to be him talking,
but it was just the picture of him speaking over it.
Nonetheless, a hell of a talent.
And the way he did it, it was like Lidstrom a little bit.
It just didn't even look hard.
It just was so easy for him.
And I thought that the way he lived off the court
and then Nadal came into the picture and then Djokovic.
And now Djokovic has more than all of them or Nadal does.
I think Djokovic does. But, you know, Federer was the oldest number one ever, 36 years old.
And I would say with this this era, with those three, Nadal, Djokovic and best ever.
Right. Best. I would probably put up there with McEnroe, Connors and Lendl back in the 70s, 80s.
I don't know what the actual title number was,
but as far as like,
was then too.
Yeah.
Boris,
Boris,
Becca,
just having this many good tennis players at the same time.
It's,
it's certainly fucking great to watch.
And also got to shout out this kid,
Carlos Alcaraz from Spain who won,
who won the US Open.
This kid,
19 years old,
absolutely phenomenal player out there.
So,
yeah,
I mean,
hopefully get a little few more people in the tennis.
He was good on the mic, too.
I thought he had a lot of personality for a young guy, a lot of confidence.
It was cool when he won how he ran up and, like,
hugged all of his coaches and family and stuff like that.
So I agree with you.
Probably the best era of men's tennis,
but also it looks like there's a few young guns coming up that could
replenish it.
So tennis is in a great spot right now.
Yeah.
The kid who played in the finals is a young gun too.
I'm surprised we haven't talked about Kyrgios.
Kyrgios.
That's the guy I was watching.
What a lunatic.
But he's entertaining.
He is actually sick too.
When he's not like beating
himself by screaming at his box
and his coaches about what's wrong.
And he was like faking an injury a little bit
the night he lost. He's like, he
seems like he's the definition of a mental midget.
Yeah. And entertain
and entertainer.
Yeah. The athleticism though on those
guys like in gals when you're watching when they
have one was like three, four minute volleys going, it's phenomenal, man.
I know tennis, like, we don't talk about it a lot on the show,
but tremendous sport, man.
When you get wrapped up, even if you're gambling on it
or not gambling on it, just you really appreciate
how good those guys and gals are playing.
And Margaret Court, she has the most Grand Slam titles
for a woman.
Margaret Court, she's got 24.
Yeah, so it's like something like, come on now.
Yeah, 61 through 73. Yeah, I'm going to put Serena ahead of Margaret Court. She's got 24. It's like something like, come on now. Yeah, 61 through 73.
Yeah, I'm going to put Serena ahead of Margaret Court
regardless of what the numbers say.
We also want to send our condolences
to the family and friends of longtime
NHL linesman Dan Schachty.
He passed away two weeks ago.
He was the first American official to work
2,000 games. He was on the job for 30 years.
He went on to work for Hockey East
and USA H hockey as well
very well-liked guy by all his peers i know a lot of his former co-workers uh were sad to see him go
so again we want to extend our sympathies to family and friends of dan and uh hopefully everybody's
doing okay so uh boys were any other any final notes you want to wrap up but you've been watching
anything busy you've been doing the same old stuff for a while no buddy i i don't really watch much tv i know that i'm going to start better call saul at a
certain point when the season gets going um i like to when uh series finish before i start them
yes um but um no other than that man it's been like i said for everybody who uh checked out the
biz does the co-series thank you very much we've been busy in the last couple weeks slash month uh rolling
all that out we are going to try to continue to produce more original content so go subscribe
join the youtube channel and uh we got some more stuff coming out we got sandbagger we got the
vlog of the pink whitney tour all the fun shit that happened out west and then we're hopping
right in the season boys so we're gonna more tickets for the pittsburgh live show thursday at 3 p.m that's thursday 3 p.m barstool sports.com slash events we're putting
more tickets back on sale baby nice quick recommendation for you oh and last lastly
the beer yeah i was just gonna ask you it's gonna. I had a lot of people ask me dates. Big deal brewing.
Mid-October, six states.
What states?
We are not releasing the states for at least a week here.
We're keeping it a secret, and we're going to launch it
and let everybody know in which six states it will begin in,
and then a slow launch after that will start to be released in other states,
and I will make sure I stop by, and hopefully the whole crew is able to at a certain point,
stop by in all of these states, go to bars that are going to be carrying it,
liquor store appearances, whatever it may be.
And then, of course, provinces, once we figure out a few more things,
we're going to let you know on where it's going to be first.
So Big Deal Brewing is coming.
It's coming to kick off the season in select locations and then we're going to continue to
roll that bad boy a big deal brewing oh can't wait can't wait to slurp some down wait if you're
looking for a cool little show uh it actually just won the couple emmys the other night abbott
elementary um it was the show that won with jimmy kimmel come up and kind of stole the girl's
sunshine there when she won stole the girl's sunshine.
And when she won all the woman's moment there, it's it's like one of those network
mockumentaries like The Office or like Modern Family, you know, when they like talking to
the camera.
Abbott Elementary, dude, I I thought I was done watching network shows.
I put it on.
It's on Hulu and HBO Max.
Absolutely fucking hysterical.
Wicked, funny show.
It's got a lot of hot Twitter.
It's about an inner city school in Philadelphia
and all the teachers dealing with everything,
but it's a cool little comedy.
You can piss through it like the season in a couple hours,
but Abbott Elementary, like I said,
I thought I was done with network
shows, but it's good shit.
That's about it, boys, unless you got
any other final thoughts.
I am fired up to be going again.
Now it's another week.
We're chatting with you, Sandbagger Wednesday,
but I'm pumped to be back, boys.
Let's do it.
All right, everybody.
And all you listeners, we love you.
Thank you so much.
We'll talk to you next week.
Peace.
Peace.
As always, we'd like to thank our awesome sponsors here on Spit and Chicklet. So a huge thanks to our longtime friends at Pink Whitney and New Amsterdam Vodka.
Big thanks to our friends over at Game Time for taking care of our ticket needs.
Huge thanks to our friends over at Shopify.
A big thank you to our friends at Sling TV. And finally, a huge thank you to our friends over at Shopify. A big thank you to our friends at Sling TV.
And finally, a huge thank you to our friends over at Blue Nile.
Use them for all your jewelry needs.
Have a fantastic week, everybody.
