Hey, Spittin' Chicklets listeners, you can find every episode on Apple Podcasts,
Spotify, or YouTube. Prime members can listen ad-free on Amazon Music.
Hello, everybody.
Welcome to episode 408 of Spittin' Chicklets, presented by Pink Whitney. From our friends at New Amsterdam Vodka here in the Barstool Sports Podcast family.
What is up, gang?
Two weeks out from NHL action.
Camps have opened.
All kinds of stuff going on.
We'll get to that shortly.
Let's check in with the fellas first.
We're going overseas across the pond.
Mr. Fire himself, Matt Murley, 12 in a row last week wildly impressive how you doing scorching he's heating up wow that was a run i've never been on a run that big that
many in a row it felt like i was in a playoff series when i played like in the ahl where i
wasn't changing my underwear.
I wasn't changing what I was eating.
I was afraid how to put the bed in a tweet or a video.
It was amazing.
Everybody made a ton of cash.
It was a time.
More or less, we have spent a lot of time gambling together.
That was out of this world.
I just kept, I'm like, oh my God.
And they were, some of them were hitting late in the third period. like a loss all of a sudden it switches in like eight minutes just you
your video of the final the one that actually lost you could tell i was like this guy's been
building and building he might never lose again but in the end it had to come it had to come down
to that's how it felt they go down they're're down 3-1 with under eight minutes to play. I'm like,
it's finally over. Nope. Boom, boom, boom.
We're tied up. Holy
cow. We dodge a bullet, killing a penalty
in OT, but the shootout got
us and it ended.
I was just happy it came during Merchapalooza
for Barstool because
I had everybody going. Buy the
merch. I'll keep giving the winners.
I was carrying the
flag for us for a while made it to the top 10 and I just got bounced today though so Merle's we have
to give a little bit of context to the fans who are listening who are not on Instagram Twitter
and following the EBR crew you've specialized in European gambling more so the Swedish Elite League
or is it also branch off into Germany and other countries?
Yeah. I like the Swedish league the best, but we will hit Germany.
We'll hit Austria.
I had my game of the month where I had the boots on the ground for the SHL.
It was Tim in attendance, in attendance. He's got a media pass.
They gave me a media pass.
Is that a pass down to the restroom?
Why is this guy in the media room shit-faced?
Is that a Pasha pass or a legit pass?
Hook me up with the hat, Timmer IK.
Beautiful, beautiful logo.
That's where Henrik Zetterberg played, Elias Pettersson.
And they are in the SHL now.
When I was over there, I believe they were in the second division.
They're now in the SHL.
They're back in. And the barn was buzzing buzzing i mean your videos that put what an atmosphere
yeah it was amazing it was it's always like that yeah they're gonna be really good this year your
buddy lander's back in town they got dalene from san jose um two other guys that normally would
play in the khl are back because the sw hockey Federation, if you play in KHL,
you're not allowed to play national team.
So Merle's I guess,
since you're so much more involved in the podcast now throughout the season,
can we get updates to what's going on in the Swedish league?
Maybe some prospects who are a little bit underage,
who have maybe been undrafted so far,
who might end up coming over here and
lighting it up and maybe even some of the like is there any swedish gossip going on like or like who
are the the stars of the league like is anybody pounding anyone's wife i know there was a rugby
story that came out with the guy walked in and the one guy the one guy's getting a blow job his
teammates getting a blow job from the guy's old lady like any drama going on over there i'm i'll get my ear to the ground i'm gonna it's gonna make me have to go
out though you know i was off the sauce for 28 days wow so that's good how much weight do you
lose i can have no i just eat a bunch of chips and ice cream instead
i heard there's a kid on top five i heard this kid on orbo it going to go top five. I heard there's a kid on Orobo that's going to go top five this year.
All right.
I'll check them out.
I got the season pass now, media.
So I'll go to every game I can.
If you haven't been scouting at all, you're just solely focused on the gambling lines.
For that game, I was just strictly watching the game.
That was just, I need to win.
And I think that was number 11 in a row was that
game so i was just focused on the win but i i've given you i remember telling you guys about elias
petterson i think before he got drafted and way back when i gave with that one he brought on the
podcast you're gonna you're gonna ride that one home eh still after all through what six years
that one till the guys back in the SHL in 15 years playing there again.
Well, that's the joke they make about the Detroit Red Wings scout
that found Zetterberg in the seventh or eighth round.
He still has a job just because of that one pick.
You were beating chips with him in the media lounge.
Didn't you go 12-0 on an empty net with three seconds left in the game?
Isn't that how you got to 12-0?
Yeah, that was Friday night in Germany. The guy was laying on the ice like that 1-0 V an empty net with three seconds left in the game. Isn't that how you got the 12-0? Yeah, that was Friday night in Germany.
The guy was laying on the ice like that one Ovechkin shot,
and he just hit it on the ice.
That was a wild one.
I was going nuts in my room.
When the horseshoe's up your ass, it's up your ass.
Congrats on a great one.
We'll get another one going.
Producer, Mikey Grinnelly, what have you been up to since we last spoke?
I actually hit rolling loud this weekend with Pasha and handsome hank from pardon my take
uh for those who don't know rolling loud is probably the biggest hip-hop festival in north
america uh not the biggest rap guy myself so i felt a bit out of place uh great show i did have
to listen to that moron pasha talk about how bright the devil's future is the entire time
so that part sucked but overall 10 out of 10 weekend.
Who were the rappers?
I have to say, sorry, Biz.
I have to say, I've only been, I think, maybe one or two rap concerts in my life.
I think it's more of a kind of hit when it's produced and actually done in a studio.
Because for me, the live version of rap was like i don't know about
you're going to the wrong shows really because i would but i will agree with you where there are
not many rappers that are good at performing live it's a select few you just have to go to
the right shows definitely who would you go uh j cole jay cole lamar uh obviously jay-z uh obviously kanye as far as production i don't necessarily like a ton of
the new stuff like he's got some good beats and in certain things but he was obviously one of those
guys um i can't really think of anyone else off the top of my head i went to smoking grooves when
i was 17 it was who was in that ra what wasA.? What was it? That was it where you're smoking blunts
with the boys back then?
No, I never,
never touched the stuff
at that age.
I honestly don't remember
making it to the National Hockey
Headliner.
I've been to two rap,
I think two rap concerts
my whole life.
I'll give you,
I'll give you 100
if you guess.
Who sang Insane
to the Membrane?
Oh, Cypress Hill.
They were in there.
They were at the place.
Oh, Rain.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Good shit.
R.A., I would would guess we're going about
30 plus year 30
32 years ago. Run DMC.
No good guess.
Hold on. 30 years ago. Rap
concert. Yeah, it was a very
crossover. I just might say that's
my way of saying the audience was largely white people
at the Western Centrum in 1990 when I went
so. Oh, Marky Mark.
No, no, no, no.
Beastie Boys?
I saw them in 92.
That was unbelievable. They started playing their first instruments. That was the second rap show.
I went to the first one. Here comes a hammer.
MC Hammer.
I was going to say MC Hammer.
I was going to say because his pants
you still wear the MC Hammer pants.
It makes sense.
That's because I get fucking 3XL fucking sweatpants
sent to me from Kelly, but the chick was
closed.
You do wear the MC Hammer pants.
It was a hell of a show.
He was king for a while, because he was
the first real big crossover rap artist.
He had that harmless rap that
suburban America liked, so I went with the concert,
and there was largely a white crowd. Robertbert parish was in a box from the celtics back then but
yeah two rap shows i've seen in my life but to answer your question to the two headliners for
that night was asap rocky and little baby little baby was pretty sick he was pretty awesome
just gotta put an l i don't listen a little baby but he's he but he brings a lot of energy. So the crowd gets into it.
How is ASAP Rocky live?
ASAP showed up 25 minutes late.
Then he got shut down.
And then he ate Rihanna's box off stage.
And then what?
Basically, yeah.
He had all of his boys on stage, showed up a half hour late,
blames Rolling Loud for kicking him off stage.
And I'm sitting there with the owners of Rolling Loud.
And they're like, what the fuck?
This guy just showed up a half hour late.
Why did they boot him off?
Cause his time was over.
Cause he was,
no,
no,
he lied about it.
They weren't even booting him off.
What a veteran move.
They're kicking him off here.
30 minutes early.
What the heck?
Owner's like,
dude,
no,
stay play.
He's like,
oh no,
you're kicking me off.
You texted me.
That's bullshit.
I mean,
no,
no,
they show up late. Nah, he's a rock artist. Nah, he's with That's bullshit. I mean, no, no. They show up late.
Nah, he's a rock artist.
He's with Rihanna now.
Nah, he's with Rihanna.
He can do whatever he wants.
Nah, I'm not even talking about rappers.
Any single artist, like, just show up on time.
You're making big money.
R.A., I think you've said this.
These people are here to see you perform.
Don't be an asshole and be an hour late or whatever.
R.A., you like being a 10- or 10 or 15 minute doll, a minute tickle,
little ball tickle, tease you a little bit.
15 minutes is the right amount of time to juice the crowd up.
Yeah. That's okay. Cause you get fired up.
Yeah. A couple of minutes.
Like a guns and Rose used to be famous for that too.
They'd come on an hour and a half, two hours late.
Axl Rose just being an egomaniac asshole. They'd start rioting and shit.
But yeah, I mean anything more than a half hour is kind of obnoxious you know people and he was smoking drugs with you outside the
garden probably before the show i wish hey uh we we haven't i mean we we got together last week but
before that so much had happened and one of the things now talking about music i just thought of
is did you see the video of um the drummer from foo fighters who died taylor hawkins his son oliver played the drums for him
if anyone hasn't seen it no if you know foo fighters or not check this kid out unbelievable
performance one of the coolest videos i've ever seen to step in there at 16 years old and play
like your father did that was a really cool music story that just popped into my head did he did he
fill in for him with the Foo Fighters? Yes.
Like a whole show?
I don't know if it was just a song or the whole
show. I think it was just one song.
He came on for My Hero.
He came on for the song My Hero.
And it was his dad's tribute concert.
And also
too, same show with Dave
Grohl. He's a great guy, man. You don't
hear anything bad about this guy. He brought out Wolfgang Van Halen, Eddie Van Halen'shl. I mean, he's a great guy, man. You don't hear anything bad about this guy.
He brought out Wolfgang Van Halen, Eddie Van Halen's son.
Of course, he died a couple years ago to play as his old man.
He was shredding just like his old man.
And also, he brought out this, like, she's like an 11 or 12-year-old black girl,
Nandi Buchel.
She's a self-taught drummer.
He started, like, a friendship with her.
He brought her out.
This girl is like fucking Keith Moon out there.
She just fucking shreds the drums.
Unbelievable performance.
So that's good. This was all at the same show? All at the same show, yeah. He just fucking shreds the drums. Unbelievable performance. So that's good.
It's all at the same show. All the same show. Yeah.
He just brought a bunch of collective people together.
It was a tribute and yeah, real hot woman show.
I believe it's on Hulu if you wanted to watch it in its entirety.
But yeah, he's he seems like a very solid person that Dave Grohl.
And he seems pretty funny, too.
I had no idea prior to a few years ago that he was the drummer in Nirvana.
Yeah. Yeah. I found that out late, too. I was like, that was a late one that he was the drummer in nirvana yeah yeah i found
that out late too i was late that was a late one i was like oh who's this stud you know he just got
into music yeah hot hot new rapper out of southwest lil biz what are you up to biz what's going on
with you i've just enjoyed my last full day of vacation yesterday in victoria just been uh i
told you guys i pulled the back doing a lot of yoga stretching by
myself in the parks around here just cruise around my bugs just any dead bugs just just being a
complete granola uh dead bugs are the ones where you what uh oh yes when you activate the core the
other way one hand you go right arm left leg and then the left arm and the right leg are holding
the ball the big bouncy ball and then you're just and then right leg are holding the ball, the big bouncy ball, and then you're just.
And then on the other hand, you push towards the ball to activate that side of the core.
The knee and the hand are going hard towards the ball,
and then the other leg and the arm are just stretching,
and it's just so good for the core.
So what I'm starting to realize is my brain thinks
that I can just hop back into it.
The half of the brain. I know what know what you mean though i know you cannot by by jeremy oblonsky the half that's still good uh i i try to just
get right back into it every day high intense like load the legs like the mind works but the
body won't work to that capacity anymore so i think that I have to incorporate a lot more just like
movement, yoga, Pilates, then it's hard. Then then you can maybe get to the to the fun exercises,
like the curls or, you know, the big muscle group. So I got to kind of reshape my way of thinking and
slow it all down. But the good news is, is I've been getting a ton of treatment here. I know that
you're a big chiropractor guy. So I've been going to the chiropractor, ART, getting a little bit of massage.
Did I say acupuncture already?
Acupuncture I've done.
It just doesn't.
It hurts a little bit, and it's just scary to me, and needles,
and I'm just afraid to move at all when they're in me.
But people swear by it.
People swear by it.
I'm just not an acupuncture guy. Well, i will say like since we started the break you fucking transformation
wise you look unreal what the fuck you got going on with your routine uh i know i just joked about
it before but yeah i i kind of had an unwitting weight loss routine i didn't i can't say exercise
went to gym i just uh you know went before, but I kind of had a stressful
few months and a silver
lining to that was losing some weight. So I'm not going to
sit here and say I went to the gym or joined the gym. But
once I lost it, I've been making a concerted effort
to keep it off. I don't eat as much junk food.
I don't drink soda.
R.A. Goggins. It's easy.
There's no mystery about it. People are on this
diet, that diet. My mother's been a fitness nut
since the 70s. It's real simple.
Get some exercise in and don't eat like shit.
And you know, once you get it off, it's just a matter of keeping it off.
So if you're older, I mean, not you like anyone.
If you walked two miles a day, that's it, man.
It really, really, that could be like the difference in just feeling a little bit better.
Legitimately throwing the throwing the headphones.
And I should probably be doing a little more than that.
But I'm still I'm a walker. I all right get the get the ankle weights on there and shit
fuck man also biz i did laugh or it when you said that in my head i had a buddy uh he's a little he
was a little heavy at the time and he went to see the doctors you gotta start working out and he's
like okay yeah i think might do orange theory and he he's like, no, no, no, no, no. Hold on.
You can't just jump in to work out. He's like where you're at right now.
You got to just maybe walk for a couple of weeks.
Don't even think about trying to work out yet. He's like, Oh, that's not good.
That is not good. So I know what you're saying.
You can't really hop into things because next thing you know,
you pull a muscle and then you can't work out at all for two weeks.
Yeah. And then you fall off your bike and you got no hands for two weeks.
And I know you sweat more running, but like, I think it's almost as equal if you're running
two miles or walk two miles, you're still getting that same exercise and you're not
no, you're not butchering your knees to something like that.
The old time to move on.
Yeah.
I don't know about that.
Actually, if you smoke a bowl and eat a bag of potato chips on this couch it's basically like
the same thing as doing an iron man nah man i guess if your heart rate gets as high walking
as it does running you got serious issues if you have a giant ice cream sunday it's like
going to the navy seals yeah yeah my puffs have gone away. Last but not least, the wit dog, Ryan Whitney.
What have you been up to since we last met? Not much. I had a I had a fantastic weekend.
I got to meet my nephew, Liam, my brother, Sean, and his wife, Casey's firstborn son.
And I had met him. He was born in July or June, actually, June 17th.
So six one seven is his birthday, which people know.
I don Boston know.
Although we were 781 growing up in Sichuan, but still, Boston is 617.
It was a
treat. We went over to Nantucket, which I
absolutely love it over there. I called Biz Saturday
afternoon. It's like God's country to me.
Sean Horkoff, actually, my good buddy, works
for the Red Wings now. He bought the house
right next door to him.
So it's just a fantastic place, and the best time
of year to go over there is like right now.
It's not as crazy as July and August.
And the weather's still beautiful.
We got to play Sankity Golf Club, which is probably if I could join any course in the world, it would be this place.
I think there's like a 25-year wait list.
And you got to know a lot of people.
So I'll never get in.
But I got to play it.
My brother took me down.
It was a hell of a day, though, out there.
We had a blast.
And then i took
the ferry home last night it was funny though meeting his son um wyatt our youngest is a lunatic
looney tunes and he's he sees liam and he's just standing over him why it turns two in in um two
months just about and he's standing over i'm like oh boy oh boy and he's just like boom
sweet dude wyatt relaxed because then and then my mother was holding her other grandson liam
and why it's like what the fuck you doing all now boom punches him again jealousy oh yeah he's just
like why is suzy holding leo like this kid this isn't me like hold me but um that's cuz that's
cousin you know that's tough that's because, you know,
that's tough love as you're going to get from your cousin. So we have my other brother,
Colin's wedding this weekend. So it's just an awesome time right now in our lives. I'm very,
very, very fortunate to have the family I have to have this chicklets crew family that I have.
And this weekend to see our middle brother, Colin, get married. It'll be unbelievable. Now,
Sean and I have to do the speech. Colin and I
did Sean's best man speech together.
We crushed it. We crushed it.
But Colin was very good at remembering
so many stories, and then we both
presented it well. I talked to Sean yesterday.
What do we got for Colin? He's like, I don't know.
So we've got to really rack our brains
to remember some funny moments.
A lot of the things Colin have done, they're just classic.
I don't want to rip on him the entire speech, though, right?
We can't talk about all the things, times he fell asleep in the shower
and I was trying to get him to go to school.
But nonetheless, it's going to be a hell of a weekend.
So I'm in a phenomenal mood.
And hockey starting has really brightened my spirits
because now with the camp stories out and about
and the clips of preseason hockey already,
which is wild that last night i turn on
the tv and edmonton's playing i mean yeah edmonton's playing winnipeg i'm like what is going on but we
we're back we're back absolutely how would uh how would you like punish wyatt in that instance
when he's so young you keep you go no gentle gentle and i kind of like like i go gentle buddy
gentle gentle and i kind of like like i go gentle buddy gentle and then he kind of will be gentle to me but then he'll take a fucking book and treat it like a spear and put it in my chest like when
i'm sleeping so i don't know exactly how we're gonna work with the gentle part um future and
it's a job it's a job it's a full-time job parent to biz i don't know if you know
people like what do you do dude what do you do i'm like i parent i fucking parent that's merles yep dad merles how would you have
handled the situation same thing gentle gentle yeah baby baby gentle gentle but ours is we're
in uh trying to do the timeouts now when she knows and she she gives you the look no she knows when
she's not supposed to do something she gives you that look and uh time out and then she comes out and she just does it again anyway
so the time doesn't work and you have to give her a couple games so it's always like you're
in a power struggle with a two and a four year old man you understand i'm like okay and like
it's a battle getting them to brush their teeth biz it's like 20 minutes to get her
to come over and brush her teeth imagine trying to do well the other time is merles merles he
should probably be disciplining his daughter occasionally but you know there's seven seconds
left in the bills dolphins game he's like hold on he's like honey honey honey i got 10 in a row in
the swedish league you think i'm fucking changing a diaper? Yeah. Okay.
Peels off a couple hundo.
Sorry, honey. I had 23 drinks the night this streak started.
I have to do it every night.
Yeah.
Yeah.
The maid will take care of it.
There you go, sweetheart.
Here you go.
Here you go.
Another big thing that happened since the last time we met,
a sandbag had dropped.
You guys versus Kyle Oposo and Matt Molson were real in Buffalo.
What was the final result of that, man? That was a bond burn, a little nail-biter action. It was fourbag a drop. You guys versus Kyle Oposo and Matt Molson were real in Buffalo. What was the final result of that, man?
That was a bond burn, a little nail-biter action.
It was four in a row, and it was biz.
I mean, it's zero dark 30s, what he called it.
I was calling him Zen Master Biz.
But he hit a shot into the 17th hole,
which he wanted to hit a nine iron from 120.
I asked him to hit the 50 degree.
We settled on pitching wedge.
It's a beautiful shot.
Two putts it for four, three.
Oposo had a legitimate look to force you to make it to continue the match.
Just missed.
And then he didn't say a word to me for the next 25 minutes.
It felt like we had to win the 18th hole with biz, another four for three.
And then we go down and I make birdie from off the planet on the 18th hole for the win with a planned celebration to Biz.
I mean, I hate to give away the video.
I think if you haven't watched it, maybe go check it out.
We'd really appreciate it.
But that was a hell of an effort by you.
And you went legitimately insane.
You kind of lost your mind while also.
I did lose my mind while also gaining like what's
the word uh true what's like a what's like a deep word to describe how you felt about yourself
i'm not the word guy like caught like confident inner confidence it just seemed like confidence
would work he was like yeah it was like a budd almost. I just got fed up with being dog shit.
You saved us on the front nine.
And you were good the whole back nine.
You got drunk too.
That's the thing I needed to recalibrate.
And sometimes when your golf game shit, you kept telling me,
Grinnelli kept telling me, he's like,
you just got to keep boozing until you get it.
There was a couple other narcotics involved as well.
We got to keep those off camera.
I had to chug.
Oh, I kind of didn't have to. I wanted to chug a beer with that police officer that we met on the course i think
that that was one of the turning points of the match but overall man just had a little bit of
everything we are going to incorporate more of of uh they brought their kids out to play us on a
hole and i know a lot of people were mentioning you guys you guys won a hole against we fucking
speed bags yeah yeah we did buddy we fucking did and we we took the point and ran i think that they
thought that that was going to be a layup that was to me one of the bigger turning points in the
match beating the kids but if you haven't checked that out uh brought to you by peter millar we got
an ad in the podcast actually coming up here unbelievable golf brand uh very
breathable stuff we are decked out in peter millar we got to thank them we got to thank pasha uh and
all the other people who helped us record and it's brookfield country club wit yep gorgeous correct
so thank you to them for taking care of us and allowing us access if you haven't seen the video
go check it out maddie molson now a scout with the Toronto Maple Leafs,
and Oposo obviously going to be with that Buffalo team this year.
Big expectations coming in.
Not the way they wanted to start the year,
but four in a row for the good guys here.
Four in a row, Whit.
That's our tide for our longest win streak in sandbagger history.
Let's try to go on a Merle-like streak.
I love the Mario power-up sign every time somebody did a Pink Whitney nip.
That was great.
That was a good edit.
Did it?
Yeah, that was comical.
Also, Biz, we want to thank the people who bought up the remaining tickets
for our live show in Pittsburgh on Friday, October 14th.
Thanks to everybody who bought the rest of those up.
We cannot wait for that.
Also, two weeks until another season, as I mentioned,
so make sure you load it up on the old Pink Whitney,
the five times distilled vodka infused with fresh pink lemonade flavor.
Merle, you're a big Pink Whitney guy.
Tell us what you like the most about Pink Whitney.
The Pink Whitney, I like it because it's always free
when we're on the trips and I'm around Whitney.
That's number one.
But I'm like you.
I like mixing it with the seltzer water.
It's just the perfect summer drink.
Hockey season coming around.
I like to do the nips a little more during the hockey season, quick bangers,
and then have some Big Deal Brewing as my chaser with them.
A little chaser.
Ooh, there we go.
That can recalibrate you on a golf course, too.
That's what I was drinking in that video.
And that's what got the job done.
And, Whit, I just feel like when i slowed the heart rate down towards the end and didn't talk to
anybody and didn't concentrate concentrate on anything other than my shots golf's an easy game
yeah it's so easy it's no problem at all playing golf to a high level all the time it's an easy
sport so a lot of people have said that oh and speaking of pink whitney ra we R.A., we got the behind-the-scenes vlog coming out of the tour.
Is that what you're going to tee us up with?
Took the words right out of my mouth.
Absolutely.
I can't wait to see these.
Pink Whitney tour vlog.
I can't either.
Between Rick from Red Deer and memes,
two absolute Canadian characters.
I'm dying to watch this.
So that's going to be dropping.
What night is that?
Tuesday, Wednesday?
Wednesday.
Let's keep the theme going.
Every Wednesday night, we're dropping Fire Fl on the Spit and Chicklets YouTube channel.
I don't know how many of you people out there know.
You can watch the full podcast with us on screen on our YouTube channel.
Sometimes I'll see comments on the Twitter like, hey, man, you guys should try dropping the video form of this stuff.
And it's just like we've been doing it for years, sir. I technology might not be your thing dad dad is that you no i saw i'm asking to put it
on spotify like does it matter what i mean it's on youtube buddy it's it's all the fucking same
if you're on the oh they're okay so he wants it on video form on spotify i mean i'll come over
and cook your dinner too buddy jesus christ send us Rogan's dough and then we'll be right there.
Yeah, exactly.
We do have a couple of young guests.
We're going to bring on in a little bit.
Not right now.
Brady Kachuk and Trevor Zegers, a couple of young friends of the program,
a couple of characters.
We'll get to them in a little bit.
And once again, if you haven't grabbed some pink,
Whitney go out and get some your local package store or your local bar.
So boys last week.
We had Keith Yandel retired on our show and then within what five,
six hours, two other huge NHL all-stars do the same thing.
First the Dano Char retires, then PK Subban,
future hockey hall of famer Charis hung up the skates after 24 NHL seasons
with four teams, eight, 1880 regular season and playoff games,
the Stanley cup of the 2011 Bruins,
a Norris Trophy plus a finalist five other times,
seven-time member of the year-end All-Star teams.
He signed the ceremonial one-day contract to retire as a Bruin.
The only defenseman to play more than him, Chris Cheliosen.
I mean, we've talked about it before,
the biggest free agent signing certainly in Bruins history
and quite likely NHL history,
considering how much he changed the progression of the franchise.
He brought the toughness back.
He brought back the culpability.
And there's no doubt his number 33 will go up to the rafters
with another 6'9 guy who won number 33 at the Garden.
But let's go to you, Whit.
I know you played against him a little bit.
Some from remembrances you might have against Wachara
or playing Wachara against him.
Nothing very in particular.
I remember him fighting George LaRockocque uh at center ice i
think twice in one game when i was on the penguins but no one else like him just just an absolute
machine in every sense of the word when i think of him it's kind of like i guess different because
you know you think of the stanley cups and everything but my first vision will forever be
brian mccabe it's like getting thrown around.
Brian McCabe was a big, strong, tough motherfucker.
Zidane O'Chara was literally lifting him up and down like Wyatt was lifting up Liam up and down this weekend.
Like there's no sort of there's in what world is another NHL or literally tossing around somebody like a legitimate ragdoll.
are literally tossing around somebody like a legitimate ragdoll.
But for me, Chara is like such evidence of what true hard work and determination does because I've said this before, Merle's nose.
I watched an AHL All-Star game he was in.
He was the worst player.
I don't even know how he was in the AHL All-Star game.
And he was so obsessed with proving people wrong.
And he got moved to Ottawa
he was working out I talked to uh super agent Matt Cater our buddies at Ano Chara's agent
who let's look Cater let's let's help us out maybe get down and sit down for Big Z we would fly
anywhere he wants us to be to sit down with this guy but Cater's telling me this guy got to Ottawa
he's working out three times a day he's going to the rink he's working out before practice he's
working on after practice and he's back there three times a day. He's going to the rink, he's working out before practice, he's working out after practice, and he's
back there after dinner time getting another workout
in because he was obsessed
with proving people wrong and being
as good as he could ever get to be.
And I think that when you
look back at his career, R.A., maybe you wrote
it to the group, but who do you compare
him to? It's maybe
Chris Pronger a little, but I think
just the amount of... I would say Chara fought a lot more, right? I chris pronger a little but like i think just the amount of i would say
chara fought a lot more right i mean pronger didn't didn't really have to and neither did z
but he was such a machine and for for as long as he played i think the toughest guy in the league
tell me if i'm wrong i don't know like everyone would talk about the toughest guys league and
then the conversation would be going oh, besides Zeke Bay Z.
Like he wouldn't even, they're like, Oh, besides big Z besides big Z.
He doesn't count.
So it was just like,
and getting to the Bruins and changing the entire culture and what had gone
on there for so long and immediate, he was immediately given the C right.
All right. Yeah. Yep. Right. I mean,
you sign as a free agent and you're just given the C it's like,
that's how dominant he was when he went over looking back Ottawa chose Wade Redden over him a crazy move but Wade Redden was an all-star at the
time so it's just a it's a career that that will probably never be matched because I don't think
you'll see somebody that big and strong and tough and that good with the puck and that good on his
feet for how the size of him ever again yeah especially for when he was coming up i would
imagine like even now given that like skating is such a strength where you know early on chance
now maybe right he looked like bambi and and you know there was physically physically he was this
giant but in in hockey it's just like you know you look like a giraffe out there but you you
always go back to the relentless work ethic and what got him to there.
And like, even as his career progressed, like, you know, when he, when he was later years
in Ottawa, and then when he got to Boston, like he was, you know, on the power play,
putting up points because he was able to handle all of it.
But as, as everything progressed and other guys came in, were more offensive.
He had no problem taking a smaller role where it was more five on
five shutdown blocking shots penalty killing even to the point where last year like you know i i know
he couldn't move around much and he was getting as old as he was but just you know that leadership
he provided in the islanders locker room the fact that even last year got back to the fighting days
where that's where he felt he could contribute a guy who had
played over 1500 games in the national hockey league won a stanley cup won a norris had nothing
else to prove was okay as a teammate resorting himself back down to that fifth six guy even if
he wasn't in the lineup wasn't gonna bitch he'd be the first guy in the gym rubbing off on all
those other guys in in the organization so just from like top to bottom
work ethic uh how humble uh how well he worked in the community and like what he meant to that
organization everywhere he went whether it was ottawa uh whether it was boston whether it was
the islanders and where was he quickly washington as well yes it's first ballot uh most regular season games ever played by a
defenseman which which is even crazier that chelios played over three seasons of playoff hockey
throughout his career so chelios is actually lower on the regular season games but uh just
an outstanding fucking career man and i actually asked ra asked R.A., I said, what do you say in his speech retirement thing?
Like, I wouldn't be surprised if he was the type of guy who'd want to get in the management position right away.
And, you know, because he's such a workaholic.
But it was nice to hear him say he's going to kick back and relax and enjoy some family time.
He's the opposite of Brady, basically.
Yeah, Boston's his home.
He says he's going to spend some time with the kids, take it easy
in the Bruins. Hey, whenever you want to talk about a potential
front office job, hit us up. But, you know, I don't
think he's in any sort of major hurry for that.
Funny, interesting note, of course, everything
has to make fun of the Toronto Maple Leafs on the
internet. There are currently no longer
any NHL players that the Leafs have beaten
the playoffs now that Chara's out of the game. The curse is
removed. There you go. There we go. Ready for
our run, baby. our run babies took a beating
and um a couple other things about chara that that had come out like maybe these stories have
been out there prior but i just didn't remember seeing them but um matt brown is a kid who in
2010 was paralyzed he's from norwood massachusetts he was 15 he's 15 years old at the time and and
he put out a tweet um that after he got home from the hospital,
Chara came over unannounced and his whole high school team was over there.
And he took pictures with everyone and like just that type of guy where I
think the kid said he knew life was way more than just hockey.
And I got a real kick out of Brad Marchand's quotes about him.
I think at the beginning of training camp or whenever the media talked to
him after Z announced it.
And he talked about how he was out for a month with an injury. He took a real estate course. He,
he learned how to speak five or six different languages. He was reading books all the time.
So he was one of those guys. And I think his quote ends up saying,
he wasn't trying to just improve as a hockey player. Like he was trying to improve as a human
being. And it sounds like cliche, but as you retire and you realize there is so much more to life than the
game, it makes total sense.
Why somebody as smart as Chara realizes while he's playing to get ahead of
that and to always be improving yourself as a person, not just as a player,
even when all the pressure and your entire livelihood is put on you as a
hockey player.
So just the guy who thinks so outside the box and like you're here for years.
He he had like one cappuccino a summer as his dessert.
I'd love to interview this guy because I've heard so many different.
It's like William Wallace.
He killed 11 men with like lightning bolts coming out of it.
I think it was I think it was a glass of wine when he won a glass of wine.
He wasn't a big boozer.
Well, congratulations.
I mean, we didn't even mention talk about getting cocked keith yandel announces retirement
suban do it seven minutes later it's like could keith not get one day seriously but going from a
project i guess that's the difference between him and proger i guess i'd say what prongo was a high
draft pick char was a project worked it, worked at his game,
and now he's going to the Hall of Fame too.
So just a testament to a great guy who busted his ass
and achieved the heights of his career.
So kudos to Z and congrats on his retirement.
Merle, did you have anything you wanted to say?
Yeah, I got a fun fact.
I think I took  I was such a pigeon.
I took like six minor penalties in my NHL days,
and one of them was high sticking against Chara. Oh my
God. Like the biggest
early fun fact. Yeah.
Tallest guy in NHL history, and
I get a high sticking me. You couldn't even reach him
with your stick. I don't even know. He must have been leaning
over. Oh, embarrassing.
And I mentioned PK as well.
PK Subin, one of the most electrifying
demon of his generation, also called it
a day after 13 NHL seasons.
Spent seven years in Montreal,
then three in Nashville, then he finished up with three
in New Jersey. 930
regular season and playoff games.
Won the Norris in 13, made the all-rookie
team in 2011. Of course, made it to the
Stanley Cup final in 2017 with the
Preds. And also, we got to talk about his impact
off the ice as a high-profile black
player. He had such a huge impact off the ice, encouraging like not one generation, but a couple generations of kids who look like him who might not have even thought to play the game or thought they could.
And he's opened the doors up to them by huge stretches.
And he's also done so many other charitable endeavors.
He gave the money to the hospital up in Montreal.
He had the best buddies program in both New Jersey and Nashville.
I would suspect he's going to end up on TV.
He was great on ESPN last year.
Pretty much his, I guess, audition.
Biz, let's go to you first on PK.
I mean, like, I just, some people may argue he's not a Hall of Famer
as far as his playing resume.
I would say that maybe it's a 50-50 crowd.
But just his impact off the ice and then what he's going to continue moving forward for the game,
I think it's a no-brainer that he ends up in the Hall of Fame.
Especially, you know, look at the accolades.
Like, from a team standpoint, he won two World Juniors.
You think he gets to the Hall of Fame?
I think that it would be lunacy if P.K. Subban,
with the pressure in which his career like he had coming in and how he delivered
even from every time he was asked put a smile on and and you know and help grow the game from like
at least an interest standpoint from think how many new fans he brought to the game he he's
electric when he you know when he gets up there that's why he's going to transition into into
media well he already basically did it last year as you mentioned by going on those few times i think he's going to get the
bag from espn and just his playing career he won his vesna he got two world juniors a good one he
won uh he won uh uh what's that oh the festa the fucking north shut up wet fuck you're all over me
you're trying to put me on my heels you just said he won the
vesna i know you think i'm gonna sit here in silence you know me and he won uh olympic gold
as well i believe he was at the one in sochi and i just think he for about a six to seven year
period he was probably in the top 10 defenseman in the league. And he, and he was Weber's a hall of famer.
I think that, I think that if you, if you consider all the international success in
which like we talked about Carrie price getting in, I think that if Carrie price gets in,
then Shea Weber did, but Shea Weber also never won a Norris.
So I think, I don't think Shea Weber ever won a Norris.
Am I wrong?
Are Ray or am I,
am I,
am I looking it up?
Because I don't know either.
So if I,
if I call the Norris,
the Vesna and also fuck up the Shea Weber and I've never won a Norris,
I think I'm going to have to sit out the rest of the segment here,
guys.
Gee,
I know you had something you wanted to add,
buddy is somehow never won the award.
Never won.
I was just going to say, with P.K.
Subban, I would bet almost
anything that he's made 78 million
career earnings. I bet he makes
way more than that on TV.
Whoa!
Pump the brakes. What do you think these people are making, bro?
Pump the brakes here. Brady just signed for
400 million. He's not going on... You're comparing
him to Tom Brady? I'm saying
that he's not doing a TV,
I mean, like a sports ESPN thing.
I think he's got like Good Morning America,
like Michael Strahan.
Michael Strahan made more.
That's about 30 million a year.
I thought you were talking just in the hockey world.
I'm like, holy shiz, you're going to be breaking down.
I'm a business like, wait a minute.
I'm not making shit out of that.
I'm eating fucking ramen noodles over here.
What's going on?
No, I do, though.
Like he's going to like he'll do hockey.
I think he'll sign a deal.
I think the Good Morning America is.
And that's an interesting.
So I think I think that I love Grinelli getting his takes out there.
I love it.
But I think to say that he's going to make more than 78 million dollars on television is a wild take
if you prove me wrong i'll eat it i eat all my incorrect takes like a professional would
but that's a wild statement 70 money is how many people on tv have made more than 78 million
dollars not many but i'm saying i mean he's got 30 years to do this now think about it he has all the time
in the world to make this money since we're on the money topic in montreal i want to say he
committed it did he commit it before he was traded away but he committed 10 million dollars to the
the children's hospital when every year he does these amazing viral videos where he basically is
santa claus and he just decks these kids out with like the most insane gifts it's I mean there's probably what like it's been going on for like seven eight
years and there's good videos that come out of it too oh buddy he's he and then going down to
Nashville I believe he was doing something with the police department there uh like boys in blue
shirts best buddies yeah yeah best buddy there was something like that I know I'm butchering it but
so like I said just just off-ice impact
while he was playing, the impact he made on the ice,
and what he's going to do as far as growth for the game moving forward
on television, I say hands down, Hall of Famer, no questions asked.
I think of the beginning when he hopped in the scene of the NHL
with the Canadians.
That goal he scored with i think
around a minute left in game seven ra was it it was the 2011 cup for the bees right yeah it's
been tied up game seven with i don't remember who passed it to him it was a one-timer from the
middle of the blue line on the power play i think it was power play first of all it was a rocket
pass to even one time it was impressive.
And he put, it had to be a 98 mile an hour one-timer
right over Tim Thomas to tie up the game.
And I think he just gave it like a, you're like, this kid, he's got something.
Because I want to say at the time, maybe he's 21 years old, roughly around then.
But like.
And everyone was booing him when he touched the puck with.
Every time he had touched the puck.
That early.
Yeah, him and Marshan would have like that little rivalry.
So anytime I was at that game, anytime he touched the puck, the whole arena booed him.
I've never seen the garden go from so loud to so quiet, so quickly when he scored that goal.
It was insane. Yeah, it was it was crazy. And his first few years were electric.
I mean, I remember Dion Phaneuf's first few years were similar in that he's running people over.
He's scoring rocket one-timers.
He's really changing the game as a very young player.
Pique was the same.
I think that if you asked Marchand,
one of the hardest hits he ever took was Pique Subban
at center ice in the Bell Center, or whatever it's called in Montreal.
The Saint-Tropez.
Subban trucked him.
And he threw a bunch of big hits
along with running the power play i think it goes without saying that you do have to mention you
know it his brand became so big that it did affect not him as a player but his relationship with
teammates i i would stand by that i remember he left montreal he came back he played they played
him in nashville and he went at it with Brendan Gallagher,
and then he returned home to Montreal for his first game,
and him and Gallagher went at it again.
After the game, Gallagher was saying, why are you talking about him so much?
He didn't even do anything.
He was minus one.
He's all about himself.
He'll talk about himself as much as you guys need him to.
So there was certainly at the end of his time in Montreal,
there was teammates who didn't appreciate how he maybe in their minds
treated himself as a little bit bigger than the team.
I think he even had a quote.
Now, there was a quote before this was dot, dot, dot.
This is from an athletic article years ago.
He said, things changed for me as my career went on
because I think in a lot of ways the hype became real. sort of my I don't want to say popularity but everything with me the brand
everything around me sort of grew there was a time where he kind of was on his own page a little bit
in terms of like how he kind of maybe uh not treated his teammates but I don't think he was
spending a ton of time with his teammates away from
the rink, which really in the end,
doesn't matter if you're performing at a high level, but the trade,
the way it went down, I mean, that was a shocking trade.
You guys remember that news? Holy shit. Like how could they ever trade him?
So I think forever,
he'll be kind of a hot button topic where there's people who talk about him as
a, as a hall of famer, as biz doesn't. And there's people who talk about him as a, as a hall of famer as biz does.
And then there's people who constantly say he's overrated.
So it's like, he did so many great things on and off the ice.
And he also had different what's, what's the word of different controversy.
He's kind of surround him throughout his career. Would you say that's fair?
Yeah. I think that it ended up working out. I mean, you mentioned like that,
that, that rise to stardom, especially in living in Montreal, like Toronto is one thing, you know, you also have the Raptors and you have the baseball team and other focus. So it'd be basically being like Matthews in Toronto, whereas like you're just on this island in Montreal, where all that matters is the Canadian. So yeah, I guess I could see where it definitely became a distraction,
especially with the examples you provided with Gallagher.
Now that might be Gallagher's view on, on, you know,
how a team should operate.
And also other guys who have had successful teams would say, you know,
when you're all hanging out together and there's,
there's a strong glue and a good bond,
that's usually when you have success.
I think him going down to Nashville for the league perspective and the way
that it seemed like his teammates embraced them there,
as well as the city,
everything worked out for a reason.
And,
and he brought him to a cup final and already got screwed.
Cause he scored a goal in that frigging game.
All right.
Didn't he game one game,
first game.
If I had first goal,
it cost me a few grand. And then they reviewed it,
and they never gave a proper review to say he was actually offside.
But I wasn't going to bring it up, but I'm glad you did.
Yeah.
R.A.
text me on the side.
Please bring it up.
PK's retirement turns into R.A. talking about his gambling loss.
But he had no  I don't think he had real controversies, though.
It was just, you know
No, no, no.
That's why controversies is not the correct word.
I'm glad you said that.
I'm glad you said that. No, but I'm actually glad that he got to play in the states and help grow a smaller market i i couldn't it couldn't have been a better landing
spot especially the way that that team was headed and then yeah even in that finals against pittsburgh
like him him joking around with uh what did he hand he hand crosby listerine or he made a comment
about how he had stinky breath or something yeah some listerine or he made a comment about how he had stinky breath
or something yeah some listerine shit yeah i don't know how much it is actually set on the
ice or if they embellished it in the press conference after but yeah it kind of became
a side story that you know sid just ignored and ended up just winning another stanley cup yeah
yeah yeah but no he had some he had some end-to-end rushes though like if you're watching
a canadian's game at the peak of his game,
the peak of his powers, that place would go bananas when he touched the puck.
And there was an excitement as he'd round the net.
I mean, I think the only thing that really hurt him in the NHL was he kind of lost his step a little bit just as he got older.
He played 13 years.
Like everybody else.
Like everybody.
But at the beginning, dude, that guy was a game-breaker.
And, yeah, as a Beast fan, every time he went on the boards,
I shit my pants because he was so goddamn good during that era
when he was playing for Montreal.
But Biz, I know you wanted to chime in as well.
I think there was a quote somebody said when he signed his deal
with Montreal, that big one.
He told him, he's like, this will be the last contract I sign in the NHL.
And somebody was like, what?
Like, you're crazy.
Like, you're going to go on and play another five years past that but i guess he he basically predicted that he was going to be done by the time that when that one was finished he had his sights
on making another 85 million off the ice that's true good morning america is calling well either
way pk kudos congrats on a great career we enjoyed watching you play and hopefully we'll see you
around town soon
boys I think we should maybe send it over to Trevor
Zegers what do you think yeah okay
before we do we want to let you know
his interview was brought to you by GameTime
GameTime is the exclusive
ticketing partner of Barstool Sports
created by fans for fans
GameTime is a new ticketing app
that makes it easier than ever to score last
minute deals on tickets to sports concerts and shows and they guarantee the lowest price tons of barstool fans
are using it and hitting us up on social channels about all the great deals they've been getting all
summer and we've been using it as well g hit up a bunch of playoff games i know a bunch of other
guys hit some concerts it's an unreal deal so easy to use amazing deals. You are going to love it. So download the game time app,
go to the account tab to create a login and redeem code chicklets for 20 off
your first purchase terms apply, download game time, last minute tickets,
lowest price guaranteed. And now enjoy Trevor's egress.
Well,
it's a pleasure to welcome this young stud back to the show
as he gets ready for his third NHL season.
Made a handful of spectacular plays last year,
crashed the All-Star game, and now he's a video game cover boy,
and he's just getting started.
Thanks a bunch for joining us once again on the Spittin' Chicklets podcast.
Trevor Zegers, what's up, dude?
Hey, what's happening, guys? Thanks for having me.
Our pleasure.
We got you back. The dude.
The dude.
The dude's been straight up big-timing us,
just pushing us back for a tennis match.
Yeah, who's this tennis match against?
Yeah, we had a big match, me and Jamie.
We've been playing usually after practice for, like,
kid guest conditioning or whatnot, and I toasted him today,
so it's a good day.
Jamie Drysdale?
Drysdale, yeah.
We're living together.
And we usually, we started playing tennis after practice.
We'll play usually two sets.
We'll do like a best of three.
And I got them.
I got them this go around.
I beat them 6-2, 7-5.
It was awesome.
What's the action on these?
Yeah, yeah.
Honestly, nothing.
Nothing right now.
Like, this is like the second time we've played.
Do you need a scorekeeper when you play
do you have someone keeping score or do you do it yourself no no yeah we do it ourselves we're
wow we got it we got it going good right now they have a couple ball girls though they're all set
they're verified on instagram too i bet that was what it could be one of the first questions i was
going to ask you like since this uh you know the craze of last season, of course,
now on the cover,
I'm pretty sure you got like celebrities sliding into your DMS.
Like who is the most notable check Mark that has reached out to you,
given your stardom.
Like guys or girls.
Celebrities.
Sylvester Stallone want to rub elbows with you or what?
Oh man.
That's funny.
Well, the, after the, the one over the net last year my i dm'd with michael b jordan for a little bit which was hilarious and then uh
towards the end of the year uh the beams i was hitting the beams up get out of here i was gonna
say you follow you follow him harry styles and tay Swift on Instagram, and I figured it'd be a good time to play the game,
Merry Fuck Kill.
So if you had to pick one of those,
let's start with the have sex.
I mean, it's pretty obvious here.
It's pretty much a layup.
Now, are you a Taylor Swift fan?
Like, do you listen to her music?
I love T-Swift, dude.
I love her.
Yeah.
She's my guilty pleasure song i guess so to speak
she's got jams seems like a little bit of a loser but or but i was gonna say i was gonna say
good tunes good tunes she does have some bangers that is it 1969 one of her tunes it's like a year
a year it was on one of her last albums she's got a year. It was on one of her last albums.
She's got a couple good ones.
I like 22.
Wildest Dreams is good.
It's a classic.
Lover's a good one.
She's pumping out some good tunes right now.
So, I mean, you've got to be careful, though.
I don't know if she is available, but if you do end up hooking up,
she's been known to write songs about her exes.
So, I wouldn't break your heart or you're going to be victim. I'd be wouldn't break your heart or you're gonna be pumped get some royalties out of it oh there'd be there'd be
there'd be like a a house music mix of it playing at the clubs he'd be set for life if he had the
break you told you i ain't that sweet your flow ain't that great now because of you i just hit the vibrator and masturbate oh jeez no
you watched that earlier you might be on adlib no that was we had lb's larry flint we're fucking
now uh zeke's zeke's uh your your your future teammate mctavish he's a fucking mutant built
like a brick shithouse he pigeon tossed my shampoo idea i had a a mason
by mason and the shampoo was served in mason jars now i thought of one for you because he pigeon
tossed me okay hear me out okay here it goes what if we did one call it do dude minus the d
get rid of the big d which is dandruff and of course d for ducks buddy
do you go in if you go in on here with this i'm in yes here we go finally i got fucking
pigeon tossed on all these ideas and i'm getting you at the top of your game grinelli print it
we got it get the contract right now if you get 33 points this year in 80 games you know why
you teamed up with this goon he'll be calling you non-stop pre-game meal pre-game nap you'll he'll
ruin your season heads up beware summer project summer you won't even need the fucking money
you're gonna make on the non-bridge deal after we hook up and we're selling do by trevor
dude minus the d all right did you like it or no i mean you're a bald guy who doesn't use shampoo
so i really don't weigh in too much on the shampoo me me you me you and gets off this
you might think i have two brands okay this is how comfortable this guy is getting z or uh gets
he's got one foot on the way out and he's already fucking.
Oh no, he's got both feet on the way out.
He's got both feet on the way out.
I heard he might pull a Brady and come back just to fucking,
just to let you know that you're not LeBron James and you can't switch your
number up after one successful season.
God, I hope he comes back. That'd be so awesome.
Yeah. You went from 46 to 11. Was that just getting rid of like a Boga number?
You just want something different. Where's the, where's the logic behind that?
Yeah. 46. Um, our old GM, Bob Murray, um,
Wits Wits boy.
Shout out Murph. What a guy.
Um, that's just the number that you got on the way in. And, um,
his thing was his thing was you got to earn your number. And, um,
once kind of got a
full season under my belt it was time to go back to to 11 which i kind of always worn i guess
growing up and whatnot so you skilled it up you skilled it up and got 11 baby yeah torts is pissed
man that's why he took the head coaching job he just wants the two games against you this year
and he's gonna fucking lay into you hey you need to pull off that move against the Flyers this year.
Oh, Jesus.
But I hope you
Bobby Clark will jump out of the fucking
Hey, do you have anything else planned that you don't even have to share yet?
You can't ruin the surprise, but have you kind of been thinking
a little outside the box, per se, about something else this season?
Just, like, stuff around the net that you, like, mess around with
after practice that I think would be pretty funny and you want to know who's really
like got some crazy stuff as mccanish like just like a weird like unbelievable set of hands like
doing the zoro and the priest like if somebody's gonna score something crazy i think it's gonna be
that guy what's the zoro is that when you get it on the toe like uh whatever and you start waving
it around like he's got some crazy hands dude yeah it looks like i was stuck with velcro i thought you were gonna say he like shotgun a
beer before i did it he he's just like he's as like old school canadian as you can get
oh my god so funny dude came in today for like for like picture day with like a full beard i was like
it's your first mugshot maybe you want to shave maybe, maybe comb your hair. He's Oglethorpe.
He's got a fake birth certificate.
Oglethorpe.
Even if he tries something in front of the net and it doesn't work out,
he'll just drop his gloves and end up punching someone's head in anyway.
So it's a win-win for him.
So you never did the marry or kill.
So you got Harry Styles or Bieber.
Who are you marrying?
Who are you killing?
I just feel like maybe just because I know the Biebs a little bit,
I'm going to marry Biebs and then unfortunately kill Harry Stiles.
Yeah.
That's the right answer because he took Ted Lasso,
R.A.'s buddy's girl.
Yeah.
No way.
Yeah.
They were making that movie.
They started fooling around together.
And then Ted Lasso and her have had just an ugly divorce.
Jesus Christ.
They're like serving each other publicly.
That's besides the point.
Yeah.
I have another question for you.
What was it?
I was probably telling him to get a prenup.
No, no, I know what it was.
How do you go about, if you've chatted with Bieber a couple times,
how do you go about just like throwing it out there
or somehow getting the look to walk into like a fight with him or go you go out with him one night like we've seen matthews with him
well what's the next step for you to be the beebs guy clout chasing is the word you're looking exactly
but i'd clout chase beebs nothing man i'm letting him do his thing and he's reached out a couple
times and been like no pressure man like way too nice to me for no reason so i'm just letting him
do his thing.
And I don't know if he wants to do stuff.
You know, I'm not going to say no.
Hey, he's a big Christian now.
You should invite him to church.
That's an easy in.
That is such an easy in.
Yeah.
Go to church.
Yeah.
You'd fit in well there.
Yeah.
I'd wear this hat to church.
You at the beach right now? Where are you right now with that background? What's going on? Yeah. I'd wear this hat for charity. See, you're at the beach right now.
Where are you right now with that background?
What's going on?
Yeah, this is my setup for back in...
Oh, the golden hour.
That is nice.
Did you buy a place out there?
No, we're just...
Me and Jimmy, we're renting in CDM.
So, this is our spot around 6 o'clock.
We come up here, just kind of hang out, watch the sunset,
and then call it a night.
Hey, that's good.
When I was out there, like, I wasn't exactly playing great.
The team wasn't doing great, but that is the best living.
Going back, I was on Balboa.
Like, Newport Beach is beautiful.
Beautiful, man.
Like, I feel so lucky, dude.
You have no idea.
When Verbeek got the job, did he call you right away?
Like, have you chatted with him a bunch got the job, did he call you right away?
Like, have you chatted with him a bunch before the season?
Or what's that relationship like?
He took over for the last couple months of last year.
Yeah, yeah, yeah. Over the summer, though, was there more discussions?
Yeah.
Dude, the guy, like, literally changed the whole culture in, like, three weeks, man.
It's nuts.
Like, guys were just on a different level down the stretch.
And, like, all, like down the stretch and um like all
like the like the little stuff like breakfast lunch like he dialed everything in so it was awesome
was he cooking it he was behind the stove for a little bit he was omelet guy for for for the
rest of the season that's why you guys turned it around that's why we went on that heater down the
stretch hey what did uh what what did you say
to him when he didn't bring back uh bring back your buddy's uh sonny milano yeah that stinks
because i i trained a pretty good buddies with sonny in the summertime um i mean obviously i
love playing with him hanging out with him he lived right on the beach like five minutes from
me so it sucks not having him back but um he's pumped about calgary i was talking to him last
couple days um so he's ready to go for sure.
You should have went in for Beaks office and fucking dropped your nuts right
on his desk and been like,
you better get my fucking boy back.
I'm the cover guy.
He's like,
you want to be in this league in a couple of years,
Patty,
you better fucking bring my boy back.
I would never,
but that would be something funny to do for sure.
How did you find out you got the cover of NHL 23?
It was last year. It's's early like march of last year um i got a call from uh one of my agents or whatever and
they were like probably not gonna believe this but yeah once we got the cover i think i was like
filling up my car or something like something doing something oh he's just like us what do
you mean march of last year like this pumps his own gas. Like this March?
Yeah, I guess.
I don't know.
It was like middle of the season last year.
Wakey, wakey.
Middle of the season.
Last year, whatever it was. I wonder who shut it down.
Yeah.
Yeah, like three years ago, they called me.
March, I was at BU.
Yeah, exactly.
But no, I was in shock, man.
I literally didn't believe it
for a couple weeks, and then more
of the stuff started coming through and kind of what we were going
to do, and then we ended up shooting
the cover towards the end of the season,
and then I had to keep it a secret for like
six months, which was tough for me to do.
I was telling all my boys,
yeah. Oh, here's Paul Vabano.
I was like, I had the cover, boy.
I was like, you can't tell anybody.
The whole state of Connecticut. New California.
Everybody knows.
What was up with that cactus shoot you had on the other day?
What was that all about?
So random. They were like, none of the guys wanted to put it on.
Like everyone said, you'd be the only guy to throw it on.
Like, would you wear it for a photo?
I was like, yeah, sure. Why not?
I think it was like a, wear it for a photo yeah sure why not but toss it i think
it was like a like the fanatic station or something pretty random buddy that's what makes you so
marketable you're so fun loving and you're willing to like do silly shit like hockey needs people
like you like they were like i don't think there's any surprise that you're on the cover and i was
even go further like you had to have had even crazier types of endorsements thrown your way since your everything's happened and evolved over last year yeah like do not other than do give me
any crazy ones that have come up
crazy endorsements I mean nothing like too absurd I want to ask a hockey question a lot of
anticipation for this year,
a lot of pressure given with what you've accomplished.
What was the one thing that you had to prove the most in the off season in
order to prepare for this year?
I mean, I kind of treated it like every other year, you know, I mean,
I've been training with the same trainer back home for 10 years now.
And I don't know,
like I didn't like to think about like expectations and that stuff.
Cause then you kind of get in your own head and then you start second guessing yourself, which
I've never done up till this point. So just try to keep it as normal as possible. And
obviously there was a little more stuff I had to do this summer, like running around wise, but
for the most part, I got pretty much all my work in. So pretty excited to get going here on Sunday
or whatever. Can you, can you address, I talked to Caulfield briefly like do you have a pet komodo dragon
i'd say uh it's a bearded dragon i had him last year uh his name was drago and uh i picked him
up from pet smart one day like the lady just like threw him on me it was like take him
so i had him all last year and then i left him here over the summer and my old roommate from
last year dropped him off at like some library.
So now he's just like chilling in like the OC library somewhere,
like for all like the little kids to watch or something. I don't know.
So like they,
they allow it to live there and they feed it and take care of it.
Or it's just like roaming in like, yeah, it's like in like the pipes.
Jurassic park.
What if we get like a news headline,
like bearded dragon bites infant and dies at the library that you're fucked, dude.
Your career is over.
You're going to do this.
This dragon, he was a killer until he was big.
And no, I think he's in a cage.
He's got a good little habitat.
So he's doing good.
That's normal.
That's that's that's that's amazing.
I already knew it wasn't a Komodo.
I think I actually said bearded dragon yesterday when you said Komodo dragon. Komodo dragon is a giant lizard. R.A. knew it wasn't a Komodo. I think I actually said bearded dragon yesterday.
When you said Komodo dragon,
Komodo dragon is a giant lizard.
They're poisonous.
They're man-eaters.
You don't want to be anywhere near a Komodo dragon.
Modern lizard looks like one.
I don't know if we've talked about this on the pod before, R.A.,
and you're the movie guy.
It might have been you who brought it up,
but in one of the 007 movies, the last Bond guy,
he was obsessed with these gloves that he'd gotten on one
of their breaks so he wanted to wear it in one of the scenes and it was the komodo dragon scene
where he has to use the gun but the gun they described earlier in the movie as it had to read
his fingerprint so they had to like either fly everybody back in to refilm the scene or put like
like the fake color of skin over his hands
for that scene and if you slow it down
you can see it so yeah so that was
the Komodo dragon scene that they had and those
things are fucking like 200 pounds
those are they're like dinosaurs
they're like they're saliva is poisonous they kill
you just by biting you don't want to be anywhere near an actual
Komodo dragon not at all a bearded dragon
yeah they can be your pets
glad we squashed that
do you do anything
all summer? Did you take any trips after the season? Did you get over?
Did you see some exotic places or what?
When the season ended, we did
a Getzlaff retirement trip up
to Cabo. Nice.
Like 15 of us. It was an absolute blast.
So we ripped it around
for a week out there with those guys.
I was in New York for a couple months
and then the last month leading up to
the season, I went down to Michigan and stayed
with the Huseys for a month.
Just hung out with those guys
and trained and skated.
We actually took a golf trip up to
northern Michigan or whatever.
Did you play Arcadia and all those
courses? We played Kingsley
and then Lock and Heath. Really nice,
right? We did 36 at kingsley
yeah it was awesome i want to go i want to go up there so nice up there were they at the white
party this summer in the hamptons did you see any of that were you yeah they were i was there but i
did not get to look for the white party i went to like some like jungle themed party like on the
beach or whatever oh you went to the hedonism
Hamptons version. That's where R.A. used to go
on vacation. The all sex resort.
They went to the white party. They said it was not
seven nights
in seven days to get a make out notch
all inclusive
though. Yeah, I put a girl from across town
so yeah, at least I have to to pay my fucking watered down drinks anyways
z i know you were kind of wrong runner up for the call the trophy but you made the all rookie
team did that you got a little bonus for that or what don't they give you a little scratch for
already need some gambling that's paid off i'll tell you back in 2029.
That's so good.
Maybe there might've been something.
I'm not asking you the amount.
I just was reading stat things.
I know they don't give us bonuses like they used to,
but I'm pretty sure you get them for the all rookie team.
Yeah, I think you do.
Yeah, there we go. I know you got to stay tight lip sometimes about what happens on these
retirement trips or any trips with the boys.
What did you guys do? Obviously obviously golf nice dinners was like was there a night where guys got up and gave speeches to congratulate them were there a lot of former teammates that joined
you that you'd never met uh no it's pretty much just the guys from the team last year um we went
on this boat that came from california it called like the Marlin Magic. It was awesome.
They had like whatever whole crew,
like we were eating breakfast, lunch and dinner on there.
Like I said, we played a couple rounds of golf and then we did a couple of deep sea fishing trips.
And I've never gone deep sea fishing before.
Neither had Jamie or a couple of guys.
And so all the older guys were laughing
and they were like picking guys
who they thought were going to like be sick all day on the boat.
Like it was like eight of us over the edge puking for like two hours
like biz oh hey i had a tough time i had no idea dude it was terrible did you end up like coming
to though and like getting your stomach and your sea legs and catching anything yeah well like
there was a bunch of guys and there was a whole crew so like some guys caught
stuff but i was wearing like bracelets i was taking pills i was like lying down i was like i
i'm in trouble here but uh hell i i figured it out eventually and yeah acid
or whatever it happened to me i got off the boat and slept for 20 hours you probably went out
they were doing ayahuasca like Rogers on the boat.
That's why they were all puking.
But then I had like the sea legs afterwards was like the scariest part.
So I'd be like walking around and my whole body was like swaying back and forth.
I was like, I'm done.
I was like, this is it for me.
I was like still on the boat.
Trevor, we talked about all the stuff that went on last year, all the plays you made.
Did any older players, whether like current or former, come up to you and say,
hey, like just keep doing what you're doing or tell you to change anything any conversations like that with any older guys
um i mean nothing that i can i guess remember off the top of my head but i don't think anything
ruffled too many feathers among some guys in my team and that kind of stuff but um if there was
something that i was doing that that they didn't like they had no problem telling me so i think there's a good balance of that for sure uh what is getsy up to
right now just a lot of golf is he is he getting bigger is he is he working out still what's the
deal with him we get to chat with him at some point biz there's no way he's working out that's
for sure he just had his uh the get slash shootout a couple weeks ago uh so i saw him at that and
he's doing great he's hanging out with uh with the family a little bit taking care of the goats He just had the Get Slap shootout a couple weeks ago. So I saw him at that.
He's doing great.
He's hanging out with the family a little bit, taking care of the goats.
He's got like six goats at his house.
Does he really?
He's got goats?
He's got everything, dude.
He's got everything.
What was that clip today that was online?
What were you saying?
Mario Cotto, the duck pushing you.
What was that all about?
I was trying to figure out what you were saying.
That was wing.
Wing was pushing me around.
I don't know.
It's like, it's like a little electrical car.
It was like media day or something today. So he was bombing me around all the different stations.
It was pretty funny.
Is that what you were you in the room when Sid came in and saw flurry,
pranked him and taped up all this stuff.
Yeah.
I just finished one of like the skates or whatever and i i come into flowers
taping all the stuff up so i whatever took a couple photos and they were like sid's coming
in five minutes and i was like i'm definitely staying for this so flower jumped off the ice
and it was just whatever a couple stalls down and he was good sport about i probably would have been
a little more angry than he was but uh nonetheless pretty funny what's drysdale like as a roommate
is he is he the cook?
Who's the one carrying most of the weight for the household duties?
Uber Eats.
Yeah, a lot of DoorDash.
He actually just bought a barbecue yesterday.
He didn't even tell me.
So he might be wheeling that thing down today or tomorrow,
like literally from across the street.
So maybe he's going to start cooking for me.
So you obviously get up for the season.
When's camp stop for you guys?
Next couple of days?
Thursday, yeah.
How'd you do in fitness testing?
The skating test was tough.
We got a new skating test this year.
And then I missed half the bike tests for going to the media thing in Vegas.
What an exchange that is.
Yeah.
So maybe I can sneak away without doing it but i think i'm
gonna have to do it either today or tomorrow or the next day does eakins get on you about diet
because when he first coached in the league with the oilers there was a thing where he took all
the donuts away from the the media members in the in the in the media lounge and then to the point
where the they were doing bike tests all throughout the season, like four or five times.
After games, if you didn't play a certain amount of time, he'd have you doing the Tour de France.
That's like taking food away from the Komodo dragon.
That last one you said is definitely still a thing. I think if it's a certain TOI, you had to ride the bike, hotel, whatever.
But no, he's awesome. He's been great.
The nutrition stuff, I'm kind of
dialed in on. I got somebody that
comes over a couple times a week
and leaves some food for me in the fridge, so I just
heat that up, usually for dinner.
But no, it's been good.
Taking a look at the schedule, I know it's
not until January, but is Coyotes game
circled on the schedule? Is that all kind of left in the
past after the last year?
Yeah. What the fuck was that about, dude?
I don't know, but definitely not circled on any,
any of our calendars for sure.
That's not even a trip.
Yeah. Yeah. It is. You're going to ASU.
You're going to have like 18 DM slides from sorority girls trying to hit you
up about getting some due for their brothers brothers for their stock and stuffer.
That's so good.
Go ahead.
I was going to say, I think it's going to be sick playing in ASU.
There's going to be a student section.
There might be a band.
It's going to be awesome.
There's a student section, that's for sure?
I have no idea, but if I had to take a guess.
Good idea.
I have no idea, but if I had to take a guess.
Good idea.
Last time you were on, I think you were about a week away from playing your first ever game at MSG.
And then right afterward, I want to say you were going to go celebrate
your 21st birthday.
So what was that whole experience like?
Which club did you go to?
How sloppy did you get?
Dude, my 21st, honestly, it was like nothing.
I think we had a game the next day
so me and i took jamie with me there's this place i don't know i don't know if you ever
been there it's called like beach coma or something um it's in laguna it's like this
like tiki shack that's like right on the water and all i want to do is like order a drink with
like my idea or whatnot so i think me and jamie ordered like two pina coladas and then went home
so it was nothing crazy at all, but pretty funny.
We'll just go play our tennis match and then we'll have a pina colada together.
It'll be a great birthday.
Yeah, there was nothing too exciting going on
on like a Tuesday in Laguna, that's for sure.
I want to ask you what line is this year yet
or who you'll be playing with?
Not sure.
Hopefully we can start getting some of that line stuff
and chemistry stuff going the next couple of days.
But it's just been like kind of informal captain's case, I guess, right now.
You had a pretty big prediction at the beginning of last year.
I think it was Caulfield was going to score 40.
Obviously not the start he wanted, but after St. Louis came in,
he really turned things around.
How much did you talk to him about the impact that he had on him and,
and everything around his game when he took over?
Yeah. I mean, obviously Marty is Hall of Famer. So good.
And a guy you can trust, I guess your coach, right.
I don't know how his relationship was, was with that first coach,
but I'm actually pretty close with Marty and cause he coached that mid
Fairfield where like my dad, like pretty much like runs mid Fairfield.
So right, right. When Marty was getting the job in Montreal,
he texted me and is like Marty to Montreal or whatever.
So I called Cole like immediately. And I was like, dude,
you're getting Marty and he hung up and like whatever called all his buddies.
And he was like, we're getting Marty. And everybody was pumped up,
but he loved them. And I saw that one clip of Marty showing him something like on the power play
and then him scoring like the next day.
And I just, I just feel like that's so cool.
Like if you like tell him what to do and he's motivated and he wants to play
for you, like you're going to get the best out of him.
So I think it's great.
How do you get a full?
Oh, sorry.
What good?
No, I was just going to say that mid Fairfield program.
I remember your father telling me, I knew he ran it when you were there.
I didn't know if he still did, but that's a, yeah.
They're a wagon now in, in like hockey development for you,
the youth kids. Right.
Yeah. I mean, we had Marty at mid Fairfield for like, whatever,
like five years. And I think when, I think, I think when he left,
I think my dad actually took over like the team on the bench that he was
coaching or whatnot. But yeah, they're doing a good job.
And I don't know. He loves
like that youth hockey stuff. So he's
killing it.
Now that you got a full lap on the season last year,
what cities are you looking to visit this year?
Nashville.
What do you like specifically about it? I think I know, but
that strip
that they have is awesome.
That's where he throws on his assless chaps
and fucking goes down Broadway
not all chaps assless
Grayson assless chaps so they were free at least
yeah we had
we had a blast in Nashville last year
we kind of played them towards the end of the season
we had the outdoor
game there
it was a phenomenal time
that's a sick city.
Sick city.
That place is awesome.
Ziggs, are you the most eligible bachelor in the National Hockey League?
You got a lady?
No lady.
No lady.
Wow.
Going into what is known as a contract year.
No lady.
I hope you secure the bag, my friend.
We hope you have a great year.
Is there anything, Grinnelli, I know you're behind the scenes right now.
Is there anything you wanted to ask this guy going into a big year?
Yeah.
So you've been training with Jack Hughes.
There's been a bit of contention on this podcast.
I think Witt doesn't think Jack Hughes.
What do you think he's going to say to this, G?
I want to hear what he's going to say.
What do you think he's going to say? He's going to stroke off his hear what he's going to say. What do you think he's going to say?
He's going to stroke off his buddy.
I want to hear him stroke off his buddy.
Whit doesn't think Jack Hughes will get 100 points in the next three years.
Do you think he will?
Next three years?
Oh, man.
I mean, obviously, I've known him for a while and one of my best buddies.
I wouldn't be surprised if he had over 100 next year.
But, like, I hate saying this and putting expectations on him.
Well, that went good for Caulfield.
Yeah, I know.
I mean, that's exactly what I'm saying.
But, like, his skill level and skating is just so smart.
Like, it's just a matter of time before I think he takes it.
It's a bet I admittedly said maybe would have taken it back
or tried to change it a little bit right after I did it,
which isn't a good feeling.
But nonetheless, a bet is a bet,
and it's about staying healthy, and the Devils suck.
So we'll see.
They score a lot, though.
He's an amazing player, though.
He's an amazing player um i think the last
question i want to ask you is uh is there any weird hobbies that you have that uh maybe you're
you'd be embarrassed to share with uh with our listeners is there anything you're doing with
your free time there i want to say uh last time we talked about escape rooms was that you
yep oh yeah in any other rooms in any other weird stuff you got going on there i mean this is about it dude
this is pretty much what i do every night just chill up here when i texted he actually told me
busy goes he loves sunsets and then we do this thing while this guy's watch like you legit you're
a sunset guy every night you're out there he's looking for the capustular rays every night i'm up here i love it would be true well buddy we appreciate you
coming on looking forward to watching you guys this year it's nice i mean you get the 10 o'clock
ducks games being out east it's it's a it's a good spot to be able to watch your team and we
appreciate you joining the show so good luck this this year. Yeah. Awesome. Thank you guys. I appreciate it.
Thanks.
Good luck this year, buddy.
Thanks again to the dude himself, Trevor's egress for joining us.
His interview was also brought to you by Peter Malar.
I know biz mentioned earlier in the episode, but it is the greatest golf gear of all time
to wear.
So I played golf Sunday this week.
It was beautiful.
I had a perfect Q-zip on.
And like I mentioned, this time of year,
the weather can get unpredictable.
So you don't know if it's going to be warm or cold.
It can change at the drop of a dime.
So whether it's a little chilly in the morning
or I need a breathable layer to protect me from the sun,
I'm depending on Peter Millar's innovative lineup
of lightweight vests and jackets.
Fall golf is the best and Peter Millar makes it even
better. They are revolutionizing performance fabrics to provide weather resistant layers
that are lightweight, provide the right amount of warmth when you need it and are ergonomically,
ergonomically, I don't know if I'm saying that correctly, but ergonomically designed to move
with you when you're on the course. Whether you're looking for a bold statement piece or a subtle classic look,
there's something in the new lineup of the Crown Sport Outerwear for every type of guy.
Go to PeterMillard.com slash chicklets to explore the Crown Sport Outerwear
and the full range of Peter Millard apparel.
So thank you to Zgris.
Just loving life, doing the interview from his roof deck, watching a sunset.
I mean, talk about living.
Kid is something else.
Love chatting with him.
He's the dude.
Like you said, he's the Lebowski of the NHL.
Also want to send our congrats out to Matthew Perreault.
He also retired after 13 NHL seasons with four clubs playing 759 games.
He's going to be working with TVA Sports this season.
But we like to give daps to all these guys who play a long time in the NHL.
It's definitely a worthy accomplishment.
We like to tip our caps to those guys.
So, meanwhile, we got to tip our caps.
We got to give him a little tummy sticks action.
I would have thought he was on more than four teams.
No, he was in Winnipeg quite a while.
Started out with Hershey in the American League.
I mean, Washington, man, they had so many good drafts
where they just picked up guys who ended up having pretty lengthy careers.
I mean, shout out to their scouting staff.
But moved over to Winnipeg, and, I mean, fuck,
he was a consistent 40-point guy there for four or five seasons, man.
So a crafty little player, got a great career,
and I wish him the best, man.
Great flow.
I mean, you talk about going from Zegers' flow to talking about Perrault.
He had some of the best coif in the league for a while.
What's TVA already?
Is that where he's working now?
I believe it's a  is it a French language, Quebec channel, I believe?
TVA Sports?
It used to be RDS, but it must be a different one
or maybe like the Sportsnet compared to the TSN in Quebec, but who knows?
That's out of my pay grade.
Say that again, Chris.
RDS.
Say that again.
RDS.
R.
I can't roll my tongue like you.
The next talk, money, money, money.
The Nate dog gets paid.
After helping the Avs win their first Stanley Cup in 21 years,
Nathan McKinnon hit pay
dirt and doubled the salary signing an eight year 100.8 million dollar extension that has an average
annual value of 12.6 million dollars a full no move clause and will keep him in colorado until
2031 a place he what says he wants to stay. It also makes him the league's highest paid player.
When the deal kicks in next year, a hundred K more than McDavid,
a little over 85 million will be paid in bonuses.
Just 15 million plus will be paid in base salary.
But I guess at the end of the day, it doesn't matter.
Owners got to pay it anyways.
The base salary is less than 1 million in all,
except for one year of the contract. That's like 9 million a year contract one year boys.
There's this number about we expected biz. I'll go to you first. Did you a year contract one year. Boys, does this number about what we expected?
Biz, I'll go to you first.
Did you expect them to come in at 12.6, high or low, or about what we expected?
Oh, I think with where the cap's going, this is a very fair deal for both sides.
I want to say McDavid signed his deal five years ago,
and he's only making 100,000 more.
And with what we know with the TV deals kicking in
and now that COVID's over and where the cap's going great job to lock them in for for this period of time uh
i'm gonna put my differences aside with nate you know we mentioned last year after he lost his mind
and the wires crossed he gave my aunt aunt marcia the finger in the front row but credit where it's
due i mean you i hate to compare to compare it to me going zero dark 30 on the golf course
on hole 17 and 18 wit,
but I would probably compare that to what he did last season.
We know he went no sugar.
We know that he kind of separated all the noise from the outside
and really dug deep after that embarrassing performance
they had at Vegas the year before.
He went full Crosby mode and earned every goddamn
cent and i would say will at least put another stanley cup to his name with that core group
blocked in so i could not be happier for the nate dog uh he he he's that team's heartbeat
i know landis dog's the captain but i bet you landy's the captain because he would even be
able to tell you that,
that he's aware that Nate dog is the heartbeat towards the team.
Everybody follows him.
He's the guy in practice fucking stepping up and, and, and,
and getting the pace going. And he is, he's worth every cent.
My, my friend.
Yeah. We heard, we heard that he,
he yells at my car sometimes at intermission.
So it's like, if you're yelling at that guy, you're truly,
you're a competitive lunatic,
which I think McKinnon is.
And you said it perfectly.
No surprise.
Also, it makes sense that he would be the player he is,
become the highest paid player in the league after having what I think was
one of the greatest contract bargains in league history over the past six years.
Especially over the past three or four when he really changed,
took that other step to true superstar.
And this team now, I mean, what is it?
He's locked in.
Makar's locked in.
Rantanen's locked in.
Gerrard's locked in.
But he could end up kind of being a trade a trade piece at some point
they got to get that byram signed in in the near future um who else is oh oh
landis kog leckanen's locked in after they got him in the phenomenal trade with montreal
he was a big part so this team is now i said they're not going to win this year because the
outfits those four freaking guys wore against the fourth play team they looked horrific but after that they might win a couple more they're just going to
take a year off i i do think that it makes total sense to try to lock guys up now at a deal that
could end up looking like another bargain if the cap truly does go bananas it jumps to 95 million
in two three years which i mean you hear rumblings like it's like where there's smoke there's fire in terms of how well the league is doing and how much this cap could jump up in the next few years
all of a sudden that's not too bad right now i think he's got 15 of the of the team's um salary
cap is with him but if it changes i mean all of a sudden you get one of the top players in the
league making money that that isn't crippling your team's cap no and by the
time we're probably halfway through the deal all of a sudden it's looking at like maybe 12 percent
of the team's cap where i don't know i don't think we need to segue it now but one of the topics of
conversation at leaf's training camp they're already with two years left on his deal asking
austin oh sign this buddy i could see that kid in two years making 16 million a year
with how much it's going to quickly jump.
Because even at the cap's 90 million,
you could get 18 million from your team.
20 is the rule of your team's cap
that you can make in the NHL.
And like I said, I think that this is not only a bargain,
but a well-deserved amount of money
for a guy who, like you said, that'll go down, I believe, is the biggest, best bargain deal in NHL history that he was on after his initial entry-level contract.
Because you keep riveting like that, and the cap might go up to 150 million because everybody's going to be tuning into TNT, all that rating, get that ad money coming in.
Well, okay, so the TV money and all that coming in is a big reason why it's
going to jump up so and and of course with the the revenue from the gate that they lost that the
players had to make up for the for the couple years there so i don't know how long till it's
at 100 million but i would say 2028 29 i could see the cap being at 100 million good the more the merrier but you just mentioned
austin so he might as well go there after his deal mckinnon's deal everybody want to talk about
austin even though he's still got two years left uh he did say i consider it home now in regards
to toronto uh his no move clause kicks in july 1st of 23 which is also the same day he can
officially sign an extension so you know if you just said if nate's getting 12 6 you think matthew's getting over 14 we'll keep an eye on that that's some fucking insane money
if that's the case well deserved uh but his gm kyle dubas is in the news for a similar reason
an extension but because he's not getting one uh dubas is not getting an extension as he enters
the final season of his current deal giving him what's known as lame duck status in most industries
this could change of course uh since he took over in May of 18,
the Leafs own the NHL's fifth most wins, third,
most regulation wins fifth best gold differential.
And they've registered the two top regular seasons measured by points
percentage at franchise history. You know,
but this is a results driven business and the Leafs haven't seen a second
round since Grinnelly was in grade school for real.
And they've lost lost seven straight elimination games on Dubas' watch.
But I took a look at the goals against average, all the goal numbers.
That's everyone blames him.
All the goalies stunk, the goalies stunk.
But, you know, Freddie back in 2019, 9-2-2 save percentage.
Freddie at 20, 9-3-6.
Campbell at 21, 9-3-4.
And Campbell struggled last year with a 9-0-1.
So, you know, if Dubas doesn't get to the second round,
what is his job actually in jeopardy this year?
Or they kind of look past the goalie aspect of things. You think.
I would say, yes, I'll say this.
Why would you give him an extension right now?
Yeah. Good team. You list off the numbers,
you lift off the list off the advanced stats list off the wins fight.
They haven't won a round in the
playoffs and it's the players who ultimately get it done but who's gonna eat it first if they can't
do it again this year it's the gm you have to switch who's making all these decisions who's
deciding on the goaltending and whether it's they do get great goaltending this year from murray
or if they don't it's's still on the GM in the end
because this guy, as much as making them a contender
and Biz thinks they're going to win three Stanley Cups in a row,
they haven't done anything since he got there.
So why would you give him an extension in that market?
Well, they just removed the curse.
Chara retired.
There's no current players that the Leafs have beaten playoffs.
The curse is done.
As far as him not getting an extension i think he was more just annoyed that it became a
topic of conversation where he's like listen like he he'll probably come at you with the same thing
that it's a results it's a results industry and they haven't provided any results come playoff
time buddy if they do it this year he's going to probably be one of the highest paid gms and guys it's not for a lack of effort either like if you were to want
to pick a gm to to run your team if he doesn't resign with the lease because they don't have
success i would imagine that he has a gm position right away because he's the type of guy that's
going to get up in the morning and he eats breeze and sleeps it and sleeps it. And he cares. He cares about his players. His players care about him.
So I think that...
You think he understands it?
You think he's like, oh, I don't blame him?
Yeah, I think that he likes the competition.
And why would he even want to sign a contract now
without having any results when he's like,
well, fuck, he hasn't done anything.
If they go to the conference finals this year
and they have a good run,
he's probably looking at a million more than he was originally going to sign for. He's like, well, fuck, he hasn't done anything. If they go to the conference finals this year and they have a good run,
he's probably looking at a million more than he was originally going to sign for.
I think he's done an excellent job in creating a winning team.
Last year was the first time they put up a respectable effort in playoff against a team that, in our opinion, with all the experience that they had, beat them.
If they were to do exactly what they did last year
regular season wise and then end up losing in game seven against another type of contender
i'd still be here saying signed hubris to a one-year deal to see if he can actually do it
again i wouldn't say they lose in the first round again if if i just said if they lost next year in
the first round in the exact same result in which happened last year,
I would be like, hey, here's one more year.
Do you want to try to run it in Matthews' last year of his contract?
Because that would be the last year of his deal.
Let him at least see out what he did, right?
Because if you look back on the big moves that were made by Kyle Dubas that that will be the the what's the word i'm
looking for the the end all be all will be the fact that he got bent over in contract negotiations
between marner and matthews not saying that they haven't played up to what they're they're being
paid right now because we both saw what mass we all saw what matthews did last year he earned every cent right but in the hockey world it's hard justifying paying guys that much money unless they're
proven the guys like the sids or even now that mckinnon's got his money no if if mckinnon wouldn't
have a cup and that he would have got his money and then put his team in a little bit of cap
trouble given the number he's making everybody would be bitching but because he's won they're
saying well
he he earned every cent fucking let it be right and then the last thing being the the taveras deal
why couldn't they go get maybe that you know another great top four defenseman that would help
out alleviate stress on goaltending and even have maybe enough money to go pick goaltending that's
11 million bucks right there that could go to a top four defenseman and a obviously look i mean what caudry just get as one of the best
second line center free agents in in the national hockey league what he signed for seven million a
year there you go so that those are but if he's able to have success with those pieces and make
it work whether this year or next year after this after matthews
is gone or after that last year of his deal if he still hasn't got all the first round see you later
the kyle dubas experiment is out but i wouldn't write him off if they don't get over the first
round this year i think you gotta let him see you're fucking crazy but i but i because i don't
think that there would be a good enough gm now to replace him. The other argument that people use to guys is that to contradict myself is, well, Toronto also has twice the amount of resources as most of the teams in the league based on budget.
They have the biggest analytics crew.
They got the best goalie coaches.
They got the fucking practice rink with the best fucking nutritionist.
They got the best Zamboni driver goalies.
All of it, all of it, right? Best puck bunnies. They got it all guys.
They got it all. So, but to summarize,
I don't think that he cares as much that he gets to go into this year,
proving what, what he's assembled.
And I think that they're going to end up doing more than they have in the
past. I think the curse is over.
Yeah, I know you've made that clear for a long time now.
If I'm a Maple Leafs fan and Matthews goes into his final season,
it would be the next season without an extension that he could sign.
That's panic time.
That's panic time.
I think as a Leafs fan, if you don't see him signing an extension
and then playing the
last year of his deal with his new deal already set in stone the way mckinnon is doing i think
it's a full-blown panic i i i'm almost curious to know what's going on on the inside in a sense of
like because then if he was if he were to sign an extension he has control on what ends up happening
and what's given to matthew so so i'm they're, they're, they're making sure all of it aligns properly and, uh,
and they could figure out the plan moving forward. All right.
What do you think you think regardless of situation,
if they lose in the first round this year,
and obviously if they miss playoffs, he's gone.
I mean, if the goaltender flops, they got to take a long look at it.
It's such a key position. I mean, you know, for, like I said,
Freddie played good for those first two years. Campbell was great that first year didn't do so good last year
but i mean if this is another fucking team that falls on its face because of the goaltender man
i don't know do you consider all the good he did on one side and just offset the bad goaltending
aspect i don't think they even know i think they're gonna wait and see how the year plays
out but i mean morals you know i think it's 50 50 i was gonna ask merles what do you think yeah i would say if i own
the leafs i would tell him i don't care what the team does this year in the playoffs you get austin
matthews signed for the next 10 years and we'll give you a new contract because i'm hearing a lot
of little birdies telling me austin matthews is heading west 100. That's what I keep hearing that he's going, that he's going to LA.
So that's what I'm hearing.
So I would get it.
If you can get him signed Kyle, then you get a contract too.
Does it feel like there might be a bit of a shift that I know COVID had
something to do with it,
but I don't think it really does anymore about Americans maybe not wanting
to play in Canada as much as they used to more,
more for the taxes and anything else.
Does it feel like there's a shift here guys? you'd be going to California I mean that's what the
rumor is so he's going to be ding getting ding the same uh I I was wondering this too do you
guys think he would do more advertising dollars wise if he was playing in LA than he would Toronto
in the hockey world Toronto's that's what I mean I mean, the Canadian dollar hurts that, but LA, like,
how much actual advertisement is there for NHL players in LA, right?
It's like, I don't see a ton being there for him.
I mean, although he's one of the most marketable players in the league.
He just feels like a California guy.
He could probably get more money off ice as a Ranger than a King.
All right.
He likes going to Vegas for those UFC fights.
He likes being with the actors, the musicians.
He likes going to the second round.
He probably wants to go to the second round.
Oh, for fuck's sake.
I think I would be 50-50 on whether he's staying or leaving.
Because I think that right now he loves the situation in Toronto.
And he is viewed as a hockey god. he's playing in the, in the,
in the biggest market,
but two years is a lot of time to have to deal with Toronto media if you're
not having any playoff success.
So I think his mood could completely change in that regard.
But I would say as of right now,
I would lean towards he's staying at Toronto Maple Leaf.
All right.
Another big name.
Who's probably going to be staying put,
the Islanders' Matthew Barzal.
He's in the last year of a three-year, 21 million deal.
He'll be a 26-year-old restricted free agent when the deal expires.
He's been eligible to sign an extension since last July, but nothing yet.
Lou had said, without question, he wants him there long-term.
He says he's Barzal's biggest fan.
And Barzal said, hopefully there's still three weeks before the season
and we can hammer something out.
If not, I'm not really worried about it just because my heart's here
and I know that we'll get something fair and something both sides
will be happy about.
So it doesn't appear to be a major concern on either side.
It seems like it's going to work itself out.
What would you expect him to come in at a number, Admirals?
Yeah, I love Barzell's game.
I don't see him staying there i don't think oh wow i don't
i don't see him as a lifelong islander i feel like he wants to get somewhere a little more i would
have i would have said that same thing merles but i want to see what happens those quotes were pretty
i i want to see what happens with the new coach it seems like he's he's going to be happy there
and i think that the new coach will maybe be,
I'm a little bit more make them or let them be, excuse me,
a little bit more creative offensively. I get what you're saying.
I feel like there was a, you know, there was a, a, a, a,
something holding a little bit of a power, power struggle.
And he wants to be creative and they got a lot of offensive guys in that
team. I bet you, he signs a, a signs a great team-friendly deal with the Islanders.
I don't think he's going anywhere.
Long term.
Well, he was in a biz does BC, right?
Did I see that recently?
No, he was in the commercial.
He was in one of the commercials.
Okay, so you might have the inside there.
No, because deep down I want to see some major drama
and Lou not get what he wants but he's gonna get what he wants
that's a he always crushes my heart he remained patient all off season he was you know sipping his
aperil spritz in the in the south of france not getting any deals done but this is going to be
the cherry on top he's so patient he's the warren buffett of nhl gms he'll just it's the long game
for lou and he's gonna end up there. He's probably going to sign
right before the fucking season. And then they're going
to go off to the finals and win a Stanley
Cup. And we're all going to be miserable here on the podcast.
I'd be pumped. I hate the
Rangers. I'm an Islanders guy now. I think I picked
him to win it last year.
As good of a coach
as Trotz is,
and everywhere he goes, he
has success. But Barz he goes, he has success.
But Barzal, if he has to hear you got to dump it in one more time,
he's probably going to snap.
So I'm guessing this coach is like, all right, Bart,
you can get over the blue line and make some plays. Because there had to be moments over the past few seasons
when he was straight up losing his mind, having to chip in,
chip it in, and go get it.
Yeah, he doesn't care about the neutral zone trap.
No. No. He can just...
No.
He wants to toe drag.
He wants to pull up, hit the late guy.
He wants to make people look foolish out there.
Yeah, he wants to break some ankles.
They got a ton of guys signed, too.
They only have 2.3 million in cap room right now.
Volomov's 5 million might come off after next season.
He's UFA after the coming season.
A few other deals coming off,
but they probably have to move a little money around
to sign him long-term.
But this is a weird thing.
The NHLPA changed the language of agent regulations.
Effective August, October 1st,
agents may face discipline if NHLPA decides they have provided misleading
info about the structure and operation of the NHLPA.
The new language and regulation says agents owe quote,
a duty of loyalty end quote to the NHLPA.
Of course, people on Twitter try to blame Alan Walsh, and he replied,
I've been the most public supporter of the NHLPA within the agent community.
These new regulations may be targeted at certain previous agent behavior.
None of it having to do with me or AP.
Guys, do agents owe a duty of loyalty to the union?
I mean, I know they do to the players but
that's uh Klingberg bitching about his guy all right can you layman term explain maybe what that
even means it's it basically the sounds like the union is telling the agents like you guys have to
be loyal to us you have a duty of loyalty to us the union now do you mean as almost like as a body? Hey, bud, you can't.
Hey, bud, to his client, you can't take that deal.
It's going to screw over the other guys playing in the NHL like that kind of.
Well, it says it said if the NHL decides they provided misleading info about the structure
and operation about the NHL piece.
So it almost sounds like the agents might be bullshitting their clients, not so much
about what they should or shouldn't take,
just about how things work.
And if they hear that they're giving them shit or whatever,
then they would be an arbitration process to discipline the agent.
Probably just an agent listening to our podcast,
trying to put the information onto his mind.
He's like, dude,
the cap's going up to a hundred million next year.
Don't take that.
But I thought it was an interesting question, though.
As an agent, yeah, your loyalty is to your
player, but does that extend to the union
because the player is in the union? I thought it was kind of
an interesting question. My mind isn't
a fucking pretzel right now.
I thought the agents had to be
certified by the NHLPA.
I remember that's how it used to be.
These are for the certified agents, but apparently
some of them are doing some funny stuff.
I thought they're basically just uncertified.
They're basically trying to get a,
make sure that no agents are like,
Hey,
the PA is fucking you over right now.
And an agent tells a player that over and over the player wants to
believe it.
And in the end,
the PA is probably saying he's completely incorrect.
You can't be spreading false rumors and lies about our union.
Now that's me just guessing, but I'll say if you're an agent, your one job is to look out for the best interests of your client and clients.
So you can't really care about what any other guy in his team is doing, what the GM is saying. It's like we are looking to get you as much money as humanly possible because then after when you make another 80 million post career on TV, you'll be that much richer.
No prisoners.
I like the way Witt does business here.
Right?
Am I wrong?
No.
Do you want your agent like, oh, actually, let's try to save a couple bucks for the team and the PA biz.
Let's just take your 650-gibbon qualifying offer again.
If you're getting those Hugo Boss golf shirts at the NHLPA office,
then all right.
Walking out with like 16 duffel bags.
That's how I do my Christmas shopping.
Who are these guys?
Oh, they're carrying the bags for me.
I think the only people with a duty of loyalty to unions
are dues-paying union members, right?
Not their agents.
Well, you don't want any misinformation because next thing you know donald farrell be getting sucker punched
like that flight attendant for not letting the the guy in coach oh the first class bathroom
did you see that clip yeah did you guys see the clip steward guy must have been a drunk
asshole i'll explain it here if you hadn't seen the video just some idiot wanted to use the first
class bathroom i mean anybody on a plane knows you can't use it and sorry bud stay back there the flight attendant
said no and the guy waited from the turn he just fucking blasted in the back of the head one of the
worst things you could do is punch him in the back of the head apparently a rest of the people on the
plane you know tackle the guy sat him down now i was asking you guys in the outline would you would
you guys be willing to like jump on some asshole on a plane?
If he's pulling a stunt like that, I'll be second or third guy in.
I mean, my luck would be some, some little guys, a lefty knocks me out.
That's the video.
I'll throw my peanuts at him, but I'm watching my movie.
I'm keeping my earphones. Hey, but let me ask you, go ahead.
You can use the bathroom. Let me ask. Yes.
You don't think that if there's five people pile up and it's one of those planes where there's a bathroom at the back
and then there's at the front and you're like the third seat to the front and nobody's using the
pisser in the first class you can't just let the guy go take i think that's bullshit i think it is
saying let him go right yeah like and i'm a first class guy i'm sitting up there
let him come up let him get a seat let him get a sense of how we're living up here you can use
just don't crunch one in the front yeah no shit's allowed no shit's allowed you take a shit you're
a savage like the bus and the miters no shit i lie loud hundred dollar fine oh my god i i mean
you know you know any poops i held in on the bus, folks?
It would be pretty cool, though.
I shit in a Gatorade bottle once.
No.
I'm kidding, boys.
I would just shove it right up your hoop and just.
Oh, so if the guy who punched the flight attendant had like no prize,
what kind of sentence should he get?
Like a major fine 30 days?
I mean, because on the airplane, man, you got you gotta like so many people act uncivilized now
like i think you should get a little extra maybe 10 percent more of a of a fine there's a poor
flight attendant that gets sucker punched in the back of the head by you you should serve 30 days
in jail 30 and susky from flying no you're not allowed to fly for a few years or something like that. Yeah.
Oh, I think the punch in flight attendants should should be able to give the guy a golden shower.
And the perpetrator, the guy likes it, though, has to drink a liter.
No, not a liter.
Three hundred and fifty mils of the blue water that's inside the toilet in the first. You just immediately like disappear. Like the Thanos snap.
He drank that blue stuff.
Did you see that other clip I put right below that?
If people were boarding the Southwest flight to Hawaii and there was a
ukulele on every seat and they were given ukulele lessons for the flight to
Hawaii, is that nightmare fuel of fun
we'll go to you first bros without just like that's a long flight yeah that's way too long
of a flight if it's for an hour like a a scheduled one hour we're gonna do this cool it breaks up the
trip but if anybody can just rip it the whole time i know that's a no for me yeah unless you
get jack johnson in in the first class picking it up and playing tunes the whole flight, I'm good.
That's a straight-up Belushi in Animal House smashing up the car.
If Tenfei was in first class and they had the ukuleles,
then I would be okay with it.
Whit, what did you think?
Did you listen to some of their music?
I listened to the one that uh has been played the
most on spotify which is called isn't ever a day by ten fey i enjoyed it it sounds exactly like
the national uh i've heard a couple of songs by the national and the guy sounds very similar
yeah i i haven't listened to an album or anything, but I was down with that one song.
And if the only time it's okay to maybe  I know I said it's very bad.
You should go to jail.
If the flight attendant is the one that's continuing to make the ukulele lesson go longer and longer,
then you can sucker punch one of them.
Guillotine.
Full guillotine.
Oh, shit. Airplane stuff. I ain't going to bring up theotine. Oh, shit.
Airplane stuff.
I ain't going to bring up the dogs.
Don't worry.
We mentioned that the season is going to open in Prague this year. Well, Russian players who are scheduled to participate in NHL games in Prague
will not be welcomed by the Czech government because of its stance on
Russia's invasion of Ukraine.
It does sound like the league is working behind the scenes on some type of
resolution.
Russian forward Yakov Trenin plays for the Preds, while Evgeny Svechnikov, the other one,
and left-wing Alexander Barabanov play for San Jose.
Defenseman Nikolai Kniezhov is injured.
GM Mike Gray said, either we all go or no one goes.
I'm a pretty firm believer that we're a team here.
We're a group.
It's not the players' fault.
They didn't do anything wrong, so I don't think they should be punished for it we stand with them and we're all together as one in here
um so it sounds like again the nhl will resolve this but you guys ever have a situation at any
legal level where like the team had to maybe forfeit because a couple guys were going to get
left out at any level no any and i think it's fair to mention too like just given with what's going
on over there like i talked to my buddies and about the, because they're a lot more educated in it than I am.
But because of the energy prices and like Eastern Europeans might have a long winter ahead as far as paying like 10 to 20 times the amount they normally pay to heat their homes so i think that just given the the craziness and the bitterness towards like
eastern european eastern european towards russia it's probably just for the safety of the players
so as far as greer saying we're a team and we're sticking up for our players absolutely like these
kids have no control over what the fuck's going on so hopefully they could think of a resolution
and get those guys over there and just maybe get them the the protection
if they end up even needing it at all just because there's a few wackos out there that don't look at
it that the way that we look at it right it's like well obviously these people have no involvement in
it but say that to a to somebody who's who might not have heat all winter or who's had a long
history of you know czech republic was behind was a part of like the the iron curtain
right i mean there's probably hatred towards russia yeah to begin with not to mention
that scumbag putin's now calling on the citizens to go to the front line do you see the most
googled thing in russia's how to break your own arm people are trying to get out of having to
get called to fucking die for russia so mike greer is an ultimate team guy uh that's no surprise whatsoever kind of sucks this is the
beginning of his run as gm he has to deal with this uh but he's he's made it quite clear that
if those guys aren't allowed they won't be there and i don't blame them yeah i would suppose they'll
probably just get some wave a symbol like what happened with the pandemic stuff like you just
basically give them a waiver.
They're NHL guys.
What are they going to do?
Lose all that money from not having two games in their neighborhood?
So we'll keep an eye on it, as always.
I did mention off the top, camp has opened.
They officially opened for the 22-23 season.
Exhibition games got underway Saturday.
Basically, I think it's a no-no's good news thing this time of year, guys.
You basically want some young kids to maybe make the team
and hope for nobody to get hurt.
Otherwise, there's been a few more fights, I think, than usual.
I know people like fights.
I like fights, but sometimes I watch them now during this time of year.
Do you guys still think guys are winning jobs via fights
like they were, say, 20 years ago, Biz?
I think that there are some teams who lack toughness
or looking to see if there's a guy who's just an average player
who's willing to take on that role because throughout the course of a course
of a season,
you're going to have some teams come in and try to bully you around.
That's, that's why I said, I said,
I know the coyotes aren't going to be very good,
but I hope they get some toughness around the team.
So at least the guys who are trying to, you know,
who are going to be here for a while,
like the Kells and the other skilled players, Schmaltz,
get them some protection so they can free and wheel.
And if people try to rough them up, just fucking send the good squad out there.
So short answer, R.A., absolutely.
And I still think that it's...
I think so, too.
Sorry to cut you off there.
No, you're good, buddy.
I think that if you can get a guy that comes into camp, R.A., and he can skate, and he can move,
and then all of a sudden he's, like, punching people's head in, I think that if you can get a guy that comes into camp already and he could skate and he can move.
And then all of a sudden he's like punching people's head in.
He's not just going out there and fighting and he's slow and the old school type type fighter.
If this guy's flying around hitting people and then has no problem dropping
the gloves and he's doing well in camp, that's,
that's the type of player like this guy could actually change.
It's actually crazy.
How many of those jobs are probably available year to year?
There's none of
them anymore well but i'm saying is like when you go into camp every year if you're just kind of
like there's probably usually in some cases probably five or six jobs probably in on the
bottom line for some teams where it's like we could have any guy filling this role and the guy
who's willing to to stand out and do the other intangibles
whether it's you know be a good teammate throw throw all the extra hits if anybody on the ice
takes a liberty with one of his teammates when he's out there he's the fucking first guy in there
he's always protecting his goalie and also when when when games when there's when there's no
emotion like i always found like in in vancouver and this might
not be a good example because he is getting slower and maybe not much of much more of an impact maybe
go back towards his dallas days but antoine roussel every game he was just making himself a
factor by by whether it was he was you know scoring a goal making a nice play or or being annoying as
fuck when his team were down so you're're dragging your, your teammates into the fight.
And I think that,
I think that fighting is kind of a little bit more on the upswing and
becoming more, more relevant again. Cause you know,
we kind of always go through these waves,
whether how the media is picking on what they're picking on when they went
hard on the concussion thing. It feels like everybody was like, Oh,
in junior, you can only fight three times now.
And now once you fight past three times, we're going to shoot you in a rocket to mars it will
yeah but it ain't changing that way at the nhl level and i still think that it's relevant and
it's gonna it's gonna keep going up i saw that rusell's uh at camp with the flyers he got lit up
uh i think it was connor carrick on the bruins the other night big time hit at center ice but
he's still kicking around trying to find a job with the Flyers for,
for torts.
Speaking of the last spot,
I would go for a PTO.
That's his guy.
You're like,
Hey,
when I go,
when I go on a PTO,
yeah.
You're like,
where a Philly,
anything in the cage?
I'll open.
By the way,
I,
I heard from a Philly player.
They had an hour practice.
They had to go and work out after the practice
and then put the sweaty gear right back on to go out and skate after the workout.
So I think one crew got to do practice, skate, then take it off,
and then you're in your gym clothes.
But the one crew had to go work out and then throw all the wet gear back on to go back up there oh my god you couldn't pay me that's why
mckinnon money i don't care no i couldn't do it no johnny heard that was in the plan for for for
the pre-season bag skates and he said i'm out of here i'm i'm fucking taking imagine somebody
offered you 100 million dollars to mckinnon car drag business like no thanks no thanks so i'm fucking taking imagine somebody offered you 100 million dollars to mckinnon
contract business like no thanks no thanks so i'm gonna make 120 million off ice on tnt i bet you
i bet you torts had 75 clips of rusell and his spank bank on his laptop just dumping it in
snowing the goalie sparing away spearing people you know squirting water bottles Off the bench guys
So you know that's why he got the PTO there
There was that picture we put on
The Chicklets account
Someone got hit by a poison dot right in front of
They're just dead to the world right in front of them
After getting skated for the 17th time
And then that other picture we shared
On my Twitter it was last year's camp
Was jam packed versus this year's
Like looked like 10 of the people there.
So Philly not too happy.
You mean like the Obama and Trump inaugurations?
Yeah, I guess you could say that.
Moving right along.
The team also got more bad news.
We were talking about Ryan Ellis a couple weeks ago.
He's not expected to play this season due to a core region issue.
I guess there's multiple problems he's got down there
described as a very complicated injury. And Sean Couturier is week to week with his back issue. I guess there's multiple problems he's got down there described as a very complicated injury. And
Sean Couturier is week to week with his back
issue. You got to feel awful for both
those guys. A couple of warriors, especially Ellis.
He went there hoping to get the ball
rolling on a new stop in his career. And it's
just been a tough start for him. And it's
crazy because you cannot even get an answer of
what the injury is. So I know
based on how complicated it is,
the whole situation is it's it's
just odd because even fans don't even know what's wrong they just know that that what would be their
best d-man can't even play yeah it's it's so cool like they named six like the adductor muscle
there's like five different muscles it's just very complicated medical issue you can read about but
i'm not the doctor so uh i'd say probably the biggest camp story, I'd say,
I know we talked about him last week, but Jason Robertson,
he's missing the start of Dallas Stars camp because the budding superstar
and the team haven't been able to hammer out a deal for the play driving
winger that averages just under a point per game in his brief career.
Like we said, this kid's special.
He has RFA and he's likely looking to get comparable deals to what he's
seen from other guys, you know, 8 million a year, probably gm jim nill and the stars say they're open to a
long-term or a bridge deal they got about seven or eight million to work with which kind of
contradicts the feelings of his owner who was on with cam and strick a while ago saying he doesn't
think the guy should get that money right away but guys just how detrimental is it for a guy who
misses a portion of camp does it matter how long does it matter who it is how skilled he is go to you first well i would say that he's we use the term hockey nerd
i mean he's so invested into his game he's doing stuff all summer long and and and he'll keep up
in shape and with the training regimen so no that doesn't doesn't scare me at all i just i understand
it from his position he's looking at all these other guys around the league,
not signing bridge deals and get these bags after accomplishing less than
what he's accomplished so far. I mean,
he's almost basically at two years proven. No, he can't.
I think he came up like a little bit after the start of the season in year
one and just fucking lit the lamp, continued it last year.
He completely drives our offense when he's not in their lineup it it and there was a i think
a small portion of it last year where he was injured their offense dried up but unfortunately
for him his situation the organization he's in that's not their reality you have an owner right
now who's saying we're fucked for the time being because we got these two massive deals that you
gave out now i'm looking down the barrel of of handing out another one of those when when the first two
didn't work out so maybe the lack of trust in the gm i mean he did sign a one-year extension so i'm
sure he's going to give him that year to try to fix this mess fortunately for nil uh the goalie
was willing to take a bridge deal but But I, I agree with Robinson.
Like I,
but,
but,
but,
but in the same breath though,
RA,
you have a list of how much this bio would impact the Dallas stars.
They can't buy these two guys out.
They're stuck with these contracts.
They got,
what was that?
A tweet RA that you showed us.
Yeah.
I'm going to read it,
break it down.
All right.
Everybody listening.
It ain't, it ain't as easy as just getting rid of that contract.
I don't even think it's possible.
No, it's going to cost them more.
Yeah, it is impossible.
Sorry, I'm just trying to pull up the thing right here.
I'm going to get the guy's name.
Dr. Mantis Taboggan, longtime follower.
Basically, let's see, both contracts are also buyout proof.
We're talking about Ben and Sagan.
Buying out Ben would carry a cap hit of 8.83 million each season until 2025,
which is when Ben's contract expires
and then 333,333 for three seasons after that.
Sagan's buyout would carry a cap hit
of 5.7 million in 2020,
I'm sorry, 22-23,
7.75 million in 23-24,
almost 8 million in 24-25,, 23, 7.75 million in 23, 24, almost 8 million in 24, 25,
and about 9.7 million in the final two seasons through 2027.
When his deal expires,
there would also be a cap hit of 853,000 for the five years after that
through 2032. So it's yeah.
They're bio-proof basically. If they buy them out,
they're doing them this is a
this is even uglier than the minnesota situation and we thought that was ugly and and and with
basically no end in sight because then you're telling me for the first let's say robertson
does get that eight eight and a half million bucks a year for the next eight you're talking
about half the length of that contract where they have two other guys on the team making what those guys
are making more right and it's i i think that if there's one guy who could get his game back it's
got to be second he's had a couple injury riddled seasons coming off of some serious ones so you
hope he can get back to the form he was in ben Ben just, he's just like, you know, he's a little bit older.
And I think that he's just, he ain't going to get any faster.
So you basically have a third line center making 10 million.
If you can get second, getting back to close to a point of game,
that's your only hope and having some success moving forward.
But there's no way they can do it with those two anchor contracts.
If what they're going to provide is what they have over the last two
years.
If they get Robertson signed,
I still don't know if they're going to finish top three in their division
or as a lottery team.
Like that,
that team is Ottinger is their one hope how amazing he was in the playoffs
and his future.
It's like,
all right,
they have a chance,
but they are the,
they are probably the number one team in my mind in terms of like,
I have no clue how this season is going to same here buddy same here uh new devil new jersey
devil andre palat he gave uh dawson marissa uh is it hublot watch is that how you say it
hublot watch for the number 18 jersey where does that compare to a rolex a hublot i think they're
nicer nobis no no they don't compare i think once you buy it
you're looking at about uh i think you can get deals on them uh much like you could a brightling
maybe not the the same percentage but they don't compare as in what sorry i bet is as soon as you
drive it off the lot the resale isn't as good the rolex does a good job in in keeping their system
where they only make so many of them.
So most of the time you're buying a Rolex,
it's going to at least maintain the same price you bought it for.
If not, maybe slightly improve over time,
unless you're really buying the wrong one, but just,
just as far as limited quantity.
And I don't think Hubos are nearly as good a watch, like a good,
a good as a make.
I was kind of surprised. I two times stanley cup champ long veteran league comes over mercer he played one year had
a great season but thought it might be one of those here just have it but you know the young
buck was like no no no i'll take i'll take a watch but hey but hey but but everything aside a very
very nice gesture i would have just went with the rolex
i don't know maybe it was one of palat's old ones he didn't want anymore well how much am i going to
get now from mckinnon for my 29 that he signs for 12 million ah i didn't get any offers he's like oh
you're a fan who put your name on your jersey nice dude that's cool nice to meet you you want a
picture a couple of deals that happened.
Let's see.
Rangers traded defenseman
Mills Lundquist to Dallas.
He wasn't particularly happy
with his role.
Probably wasn't going to
get too far up in the lineup.
Rangers took him 28th overall in 2018.
He had four points in 25 games
with the Rangers,
but he's a right shot D.
He's probably not going to pass
Fox or Trooper anytime soon.
So the Rangers got a conditional
first and 23 and a conditional fourth and 25.
The 22-year-old is heading into the second year of his ELC.
And the Buffalo Sabres signed general manager Kevin Adams to a multi-year contract extension
after he seemingly fixed many of the issues for this team.
He hired Don Granato after years of a revolving door in the coach's office.
And obviously, the team loves this guy.
He turned RFA Sam Reinhardt and into Devon Levi and the 28th overall pick on
the last draft. Let's see, turned Rasmus Ristolainen.
It's a first, second and a sixth. And you got a nice return for Eichel,
you know, Tuck Krebs 16th overall and a second and 23.
And this is first time as a GM.
I know we probably made some jokes and a lot of other people had things to
say,
but this team is certainly in a much better place than they were before Kevin
Adams. So hats off to what he's done. A well-earned extension,
Merle Jarosz Sabres guy. What do you got for this?
Yeah, he has done a good job.
I was surprised by it because he was, he was coaching a Peewee hockey.
I think the year before he got the GM job,
but those facts you just gave us are pretty good um i'm really
excited for their season as we said we were in chicklets cup out there we got to interview
akposo and he was ringing off names of all these guys and and how good they looked i'm really
excited for them and uh i don't know if they'll make the playoffs this year but they're going to
be at least like manageable to watch after the last few years you didn't even want to watch them
i hope they're fighting for a wild card but if i'm buying stock
i'm buying kevin adams stock i think he's on the rise i think he's done a wonderful job and i'm
really excited to see what he's put together with this buffalo team this is the first year that you
have to see some sort of of step in the right direction i'd'd say that, that I'd say very similar to Ottawa.
Yes.
It's a failure.
If they're not at least in the mix and playing competitive hockey in the
back half of the season,
the one thing that they don't have is goaltending.
They did draft this kid.
Is it,
was it Levi,
this kid that they had in camp?
Will he be eligible to play this year?
Or is this guy definitely going back to school?
He's he's back at Northeastern, I believe. believe and okay and and that's a part of the deal um with florida uh what deal would have that been florida buffalo deal who knows florida's right
it was the reinhardt deal and this kid i mean holby baker kind of favorite legit could be a
superstar goalie.
So yeah, biz, the Buffalo Sabres.
I think I said after our trip there, like they're kind of my squad.
I mean, I like Detroit a lot.
I like, I have a lot of favorite teams.
I'm like biz now, but Buffalo,
I think is going to have an exciting ass team to watch very similar to the
senators.
It's put up or shut up time a little bit in both cities.
I think our boy Elio will be on their overs
a lot they seem like an over team not great goaltending like you said but they got some
weapons well and and we when we talked to oposo and i don't know if it was tuck who mentioned it
too it said the coach just like he he reinforces play with confidence make those plays he's not
harping them every time they come off and they try something and they get something picked off.
So they're going to be playing some fun hockey and very loosey-goosey.
We like that.
All right.
My neighbor, Brad Marchand,
he had some interesting quotes about young captains in the league.
He said, quote,
it's almost unfair to be giving these young kids the captaincy at 20, 21, 22,
because they don't have any idea what it's like to be a real captain
in the NHL. You're setting a kid up for failure by doing that. I thought it was an interesting
quote. Not sure how accurate it was. I mean, you take a look at through young captains through the
ages. Stevie Y got the captaincy at 21, went on to become the longest serving captain in North
American major league sports history. McDavid was the youngest ever at 19, Landisgaard 19,
Crosby at 19, La calvier got at 19 but the
team ended up pulling it taves at 20 you guys had a young captain does it just depend on the guy if
it's a superstar what let's go to you first on this one buddy it depends a lot on the guy um i
don't think it's fair to kind of put everyone you know in in the same uh i can't speak today holy shit i can't think of words i was gonna say but
like even the guys who end up being extremely successful like they have to go through their
growing pains of being a leader too like even when stid you know sid went from i want to say
he was an assistant his first year yeah he wore the a when terrian came i don't think he had it
right away right away but then he ended up getting the assistancy and then when he got the captaincy i would say that like
you know for part of that first year like he you know he would slam some door sometimes and you
know maybe did some things that a captain wouldn't do but you you gotta you gotta learn by doing and
in most these cases when these young young guys are getting it they're on that trajectory but i can understand
where the pressure would mount and it would it would with the pressure of not only worrying about
how you got to develop your game and the asset you have as a player but also controlling the group
and understand where all the emotions are and like i saw a donor do it right whereas like not only are
you trying to be a leader on the ice but you're
also dealing with all these relationships and things going on off the ice too so i could
understand what he's saying he's putting these guys in a difficult spot but in some cases it's
just like well who else were the fuck were they going to give give it to when sid was there right
yeah and also that next guy guy already like asking us,
or at least me, I came into the league 16 years ago.
I've been out of the league for about eight years. So Sid,
Sid getting the captaincy was so foreign at that time. It was so new and original to give it to that young of a player,
the way the league is now that I haven't been around in so long and biz hasn't
been around. It's like,
I don't think it's as crazy only because these young guys get everything.
They get everything right away.
They're the best players on the team.
Right.
When they come in,
they're given the big contracts after one or two years.
So for them to get the seat,
it's not that surprising that it's all moving in that motion in terms of
giving these younger guys more money,
more responsibility and more kind of issues to deal with themselves.
So I think it is probably
hard to get a big new contract and all of a sudden be the captain and deal with all this pressure
being that young of a guy but some of these guys are just ready for it and and biz is right who
else is going to get to see half of these instances i think if you're looking at the
true approach ra where you know some fans might like to see adam fox get it where it's like let
that guy just worry about the playing aspect where you give it to might like to see adam fox get it where it's like let that guy just
worry about the playing aspect where you give it to a guy who's been around a little bit more he's
been through some things some ups and downs and can really truly from a grown-up perspective
understand how to how to take adversity but also not let it affect his emotions where the it's
rubbing off on the guys and also stable enough to, to kind of help
them deal with whatever the fuck that they got going on. So in some cases it is unfair, but in
others, it's like, it's amazing how these, you know, 20, 21 year olds are so beyond their years.
And we're going to get talking to Brady here. Like, you know, he doesn't slip up, but he's so
well-spoken. He's got a guy like his old man who he can, he can bounce ideas off.
Like, so he's got a, he's got a pretty good vetting process in his corner.
Yeah.
We're lucky to have one of these young captains on with us today.
We're going to get to him right now, but before we bring on Brady Kachuk,
we want to let you know his interview is brought to you by Shopify.
Shopify is the all-in-one commerce platform to start, run,
and grow your business.
Shopify gives entrepreneurs the resources once reserved for big business,
so upstarts, startups, and established businesses alike can sell everywhere,
synchronize online and in-person sales, and effortlessly stay informed.
Shopify offers online retailers a suite of services, including payments, marketing,
shipping, and customer engagement tools.
Connect with your customers, drive sales, manage your day-to-day.
Shopify instantly lets you accept all major payment methods.
Shopify has thousands of integrations and third-party apps,
from on-demand printing to accounting to advanced chatbots and beyond.
So go to shopify.com slash checklists, all lowercase,
for a free 14-day trial and get full access to Shopify's entire suite of features.
Grow your business with Shopify today.
Go to shopify.com slash chicklets right now.
And now, enjoy Brady Kachuk.
All right, it's time to bring on our guest who is about to become a member of the established three-timers club here on Chicklets.
He's already headed to his fifth season in Ottawa,
where he'll cap in a young and hungry Senators club that made some big moves this summer.
And if you needed a beer at the Saddledome last May, well, he was your guy.
Thanks so much for returning once again to the Spittin' Chicklets podcast.
Brady Kachuk, how's it going, my friend?
Doing great, thanks. Thanks for having me, guys.
Did you hear the chirp Jack Hughes threw you away?
They asked him if he was going to root his brother on the playoffs.
He said, I don't think you'll see me run up the stairs with eight beers in my pocket.
So the boy's giving you shit for that or what?
I don't know if that's a chirp or a compliment because that was just period.
Seriously.
Just being economical, right?
Yeah.
I love it.
Yeah.
See the guy you want to hang out with?
Yeah, that's him right there running up the stairs with the beers.
Yeah. That was just for the first period.
Well, right before you signed on, we started this.
You said, I'm gassed after today.
So I think today is pretty much the testing day for all camps on ice, correct?
Yeah, we did.
We actually got the on ice out of the way, but we did a nice day and just all that stuff.
So that was a tough one today it's
definitely shut her down early for tomorrow what's what's your most dreaded uh event that you have to
compete in or whatever you want to call it training yeah drinking yeah no half mile on the assault
bike try to get that under 49 seconds so that's not a fun one so that's that's the new wind gate
is you gotta go you gotta go a certain distance yeah like we have to go half mile and do it under
49 seconds so pretty much just a full-out sprint the whole time which hey that's not that's not
that's not necessarily your game though like just get you in front of the net you you probably still
crushed it but let's be let's be serious this isn't that important for me this wind gate test yeah just helps with the uh
and all the other things may pass that play with house money right now brady there's a famous story
i think it's ed belfort he got to leafs camp one year and they're like hey you got to do the bike
test and he looked at the guy he goes there's no bike in my crease and he walked out and refused
refused to do the test and that
takes jam i don't got that jam right now no i even after signing that deal you just got i mean i i
feel like the way the financials are going you pretty much own half the organization you're like
the new version of mario not quite at that level but uh that's too funny though that's a good story
well between me you and matthew you guys
for sure at one point will own an nhl team i mean you guys are basically printing it right now
yeah i mean what a deal that is oh boy
you know he's got a golf cart now So every time he comes out of the driveway, he's got a video of him in the golf cart.
Get the speaker.
The bucket hat on.
I'm just like, you're out of control.
Living that good Florida life.
But we actually had to ask you guys.
We were supposed to get a sandbagger going.
At some point, this is going to happen.
But numerous sources are all over your golf game.
It's absolutely trash.
I just, can you address this, please?
Well, we had our golf tournament yesterday,
our charity for our team's charity.
And just, I don't know what it is.
I'm awful right now.
I'm just awful.
It's just like, at one point, like I'm thinking to myself,
I treated this summer as a contract here. I'm like, all right, this is my make or break golf year. Like it's either I'm like, all point, like I'm thinking to myself, I treated this summer as a contractor.
I'm like, all right, this is my make or break golf year. Like it's either I'm like, all right, I'm a player or I'm just like,
I might not have a play.
Like, this is like, this is that, like, this is the best I'm going to get.
And at one point it was looking good, but she's like,
this last couple of rounds just completely just tore up the confidence of the
golf game.
Specifically this, your irons, your drive, your putting dog shit, short game.
It's just, I don't even know.
It's like I Ric Flair a couple that I tuggy weight.
They're all over the map.
I wish I knew.
I was like, all right, I'm tugging this one.
I'll aim a little left, but it's just, I just don't know.
Well, Brady, last time you were on, you gave us the legend of Jimmy Stu.
I got to ask though,
does he bust your balls about having a higher AAV on the contract now that he
got his new deal as well?
He hasn't yet, but no,
I know he's going to be paying for a couple more things.
He was free 99 there for the, for a little bit.
So now I'm looking forward to a couple of free dinners there.
I noticed the last three numbers in your ideal, 7-1-4.
Is there a significance to that?
I know sometimes players have fun with that stuff.
No, no, there's no significance.
I mean, I wish there was a backstory that I could just make up on the fly,
but I guess that's the most I can get.
As the captain now, like most of the teams, you know,
you get together as a group.
Are you planning all this stuff now?
I'm guessing you're probably getting a little help from Drew now that he's there.
He was captain for so long.
But what's it like for you, the behind-the-scenes stuff with the team?
Yeah, no, I think it's just everybody wants to hang out with one another.
Now, it's like we did a couple  we did a fantasy football draft as a crew,
which was a blast.
We actually had  Nick Holden's had, you know,
two of his kids had a birthday party.
So the whole, the whole play,
like our whole team went to his place and like bouncy castle.
So it was just,
just a gong show with all the kids there and us guys just having fun.
So it's, you know, definitely plan it, you know, a couple of things,
but it's not that everybody just wants to hang with one another.
So whatever we could come up with a birthday party or just sunday football we're always trying to hang out with one
another who's the responsible one who's like keeping all the accounting for everything that's
going on and is it a a big time paid league like each guy buying in for big dough it's uh yeah it's
there's a good little prize that comes with winning. Any punishment to last place?
Sorry.
Just has to owe more money.
So it just keeps everybody involved.
This is nightmare.
Yeah.
Alligator arms.
So, no, it's good.
It keeps guys dialed in the whole year.
Great.
I've seen a couple of clips of you the last few weeks.
You look very excited, kind of giddy about the season coming up. You made all the moves I mentioned. A guy sort of
looking around the room, well, not in the room yet, but like, hey, this is a playoff team.
Looking around at who's on the team, this should be kind of a playoff level to reach right now,
no? Yeah. I mean, I think, you know, there's a lot of people talking about playoffs and
a lot of the outside noise kind of when it comes to that. But no, for us, we're ready for the next
level. We're confident, but we don't want to add that extra pressure to ourselves. We just noise kind of when it comes to that but no for us we're we're ready for the next level we're
confident but we don't want to add that extra pressure to ourselves we just want to go out
there and prove to everybody what we believe in were you already well acquainted with uh
before you get up there i actually i when he signed you know texted him a couple times but
got to know him uh and we know we golfed i think it was like my the second day i was in town so i
got to know him on the golf course and um yeah he's he's an unreal dude and and uh i've gotten
to be even closer with him as you know time's gone on since we've been both been back so um yeah no
he's i'm excited for what the future holds with him and what i'm going to be able to learn from
him norris is your right hand man there right that's the guy you're hanging out the most
your best friend on the team yeah well we go way back we played together at the u.s program and
all that stuff there so i probably know him now the longest but i will say it's just there's a
bunch of us that um you know all of us being so young that you know we're always having fun with
one another you know at home on the road so we actually have a really good crew of guys.
Who would you say splurged the most on their own, like their, their signing gift? Cause I heard yours was pretty modest.
You bought yourself a lazy boy and that was, yeah.
And I actually never came in. So it was pretty much bought myself nothing.
So supply chain, man, they don't care.
It was just a donation to nothing, I guess, but.
It's some golf lessons with that money.
That's messed up, man.
I'm working on it.
You're going to get the simulator.
I refuse to go to the range.
I'm setting myself up to get dusted by you.
It's more of a moral thing.
I'm still not going to the range, though.
I just will refuse to work on the game.
It's going to figure itself out.
Exactly.
I think guys got themselves cars and stuff like that.
But I think the one is probably like a G-Wagon, like what Batherson got.
So that's probably the gift that was probably the most splurged on.
Is he a single guy too?
No, he's got a girl.
So he treated himself to a nice little car.
That's a pussy wagon.
Yeah.
You think?
Oh, yeah.
G-Wagon?
That's a Scottsdale, man.
You're going to the Viagra Triangle in Scottsdale?
Old Town?
Oh, man.
Come on.
That's a P-Wagon right there.
Kevin Hayes told me this summer uh because i
didn't know much about like josh norris it was his second year pretty much and he didn't play
the entire season but kevin hayes said he's nasty like he was super impressed by his game because
i mean he signed his ticket i asked him about him so is it is it true it's that easy playing with
him yeah well he's just he can fly and his shots unreal. I mean, I don't know how many games he played, but getting 35 goals.
And I think it was like 50 something games. It was, it was nuts.
And, and just, I feel like every time he shot the puck, it was going in.
So, um, no, he's so easy to play with just the speed and what he creates.
And, um, yeah, it's, it's also pretty funny that we played together at the program.
We're playing together here.
So I think that's pretty, pretty cool. Full circle that at the program and we're playing together here. So I think that's pretty cool, full circle,
that we both get to experience.
Nice part of the Carlson trade, looking back now.
Sorry, R.A.
No, it's fine.
I saw that the other day.
It was like the four-year anniversary.
I remember when it happened.
I'm like, that was crazy when it happened.
It was my first day at camp.
I'm like, what am I getting myself into?
It's like everyone was talking about it. it was my first day at camp i'm like what am i getting myself into it's like
it's like everyone was talking about it was crazy brady we mentioned you got to see since the last
time we chatted on here and brad mosh on had some recent comments about young captains in the league
has it ever felt overwhelming for you at all being a captain any times you're like oh shit you have
to call dad just to get a little advice or something like that yeah well like you just said
i'm lucky to have you know my dad who was a former captain who Matthew and also Matthew's no leader of
his team for the last bunch of years.
So I'm fortunate to be able to lean on those guys and,
and also have no friends across the league that are captains too.
I rely a lot on Mark Stone too.
So I'm very fortunate to have a lot of guys that I can lean on and ask for advice in what they do in that situation.
And so, yeah, I'm pretty lucky to be in that situation.
Do you find the pressure to maybe like in training to change things up
given the speed of the game and it feels like every year
it's getting faster and faster and faster?
Like I know your game is more around the net and big bodied
and physicality power forward.
But is there a change in balance in the training for that no I think Matthew and I have always done a pretty good job of you know doing you know strength a couple times a week and then
also doing speed and agility you know track you know turf workouts to to make sure we're finding
that extra gear and each summer it feels like we're getting faster, going into the season and feeling more in shape
and can handle that extra gear and that extra stress
that the body goes under.
So I think that's something we have implemented into our workouts
and that has really helped the both of us.
Is it just you two alone? Do you have a trainer in the summer?
Yeah, we have trainers in the summer that we see.
So it's uh but it's
usually just the two of us and our younger sister tags along big walt sometimes tags along to the
to this the in-gym stuff so it's uh usually a family affair when we're working out does
oh he joins you walt joins in yeah more on the uh in-m strength stuff. It's just separately for Matthew and I and my sister
for the track and field stuff.
Bench presses.
Yeah, bench press, just the good old squats, the med ball toss.
It's just fun to watch.
And where are you spending most of your summer?
Because I want to say we were potentially going to have a sandbagger,
and that was going to be in Cape Cod.
Yeah, so we spend most of the summer in St. Louis,
but my parents bought a place a bunch of years ago in Cape Cod on so we we spend most of summer in St. Louis but my parents bought a place a bunch of
bunch of years ago in Cape Cod on a golf course so we're going to do it actually before the uh
the member guests as a warm-up round to you know fix my swing but um no we're just going to do
that and uh yeah hopefully we can get that sandbagger done next year is that the only
course there weren't you saying there's only one course on that whole island? Or is Cape Cod not an island?
No, no, no.
There's a bunch of courses on an island.
It's just like a Nantucket.
Yeah, and there's more than one over there.
But, yeah, we'll get something done, no doubt.
I got to ask you, though, because the story is a little long-winded,
so don't get frustrated with me as I try to explain this.
But years ago ago i'm talking
maybe 2007 8 um if not whatever i went to this bar down cape i've never been there before trader ed's
so i i showed up it was like three o'clock your dad was in there he had a day for himself he was
there before me we had the craziest night i'm talking i must have watched your dad was in there he had a day for himself he was there before me we had the craziest night
i'm talking i must have watched your dad have 37 beers sitting at this bar and everyone told me
that's his spot that's keith kachuk spot well come to this summer i run into people they say oh
when maddie when maddie and brady are in town they're're crushing Trader Ed's. So you got to explain to me, like, is this always been a Kachuk family spot?
So I guess taking it back to a couple of years ago.
So we play in this golf tournament.
Just the member guests at our course there, the Ridge Club and Cape Cod.
And obviously you can't play until you're 21.
So the big thing is you go to Trader Ed's on Friday, Saturday night.
So Friday night, it's of course you have the big day, the next day,
but it's always been the tradition Friday, Saturday. And of course,
it started with my dad and his buddies at no,
a bunch of years ago. And then as we've gotten into the tournament,
we go there and yeah, it's, it's just, you know,
you got the ocean right there.
You got a pool there.
And just this little, like, tiki hut of an inside.
And then the rest is, you know, seats outside, patio.
So, yeah, there's been some good nights.
It's been fun.
I don't know if we can get too much of the stories out there.
But, yeah, we're taking over the family tradition i'd say
well that was the reason why you asked with didn't didn't matthew say that something happened there
this summer that you had to tell the story on the podcast i heard somebody finally entered that pool
which for people who've never been there there's this pool biz it's just sitting there nobody goes
in the thing but maybe i'm wrong maybe i heard maybe my sources are incorrect yeah usually
when you hop in that pool you get the boot right after so um somehow there's a race this year and
um somebody put on a clinic i guess so uh i don't know who exactly it was but um yeah it was pretty
uh it was pretty funny that was the one advice drew gave him how to avoid getting put in cuffs yeah yeah that's i mean i i like this is off topic but it just brings you back that video you have
with him at where was at the uh oh so funny christ that was those were my heydays when i got asked uh
you know what she was like he brought you right right? You brought him? I was his date, yeah. I got a comp room at the Cosmo,
and then I think the NHL gave me one at what was,
well, one of the other nicer ones.
I never even checked into it.
I was at the other hotel the entire time,
and luckily I showed up to the red carpet with Giroux.
I'm sure he was regretting it the minute I fucking showed up, though.
Right at the airport?
He must have been
the weather public that day before it must have been a full but it was it's pool club pool club
pool club combo every donate donate yeah in between all of those you're just donating
are when you guys go on the road to the bigger cities because i know ottawa you guys probably got to lay low but like are you guys going out and doing the big credit card table
bottle service is that still the is that still what the kids are doing the day is coming around
when we can yeah we we like to have fun our group but um yeah it's just we just have a good like
we've just all of us are around you know same guys. So, and we all just love being around one another,
but yeah, there's been some fun times and some fun cities.
And now we have a couple of days.
We like to now enjoy it and, and experience what they have to offer.
You were just in Vegas for your birthday.
You turned 23 on a Friday night in Vegas, but you did the right thing.
You took the plane home because the season started and I got to give you a
pat on the back for that one, man. Not too many guys already do that.
She had a medal for that well it was the longest 48 hours so um
no it was had to get out of there i think everybody was getting out of there that day so
um yeah no it was uh busy during the afternoon and we had buddies i think we had a group of
eight of us that you know we either played with growing up between Matthew and I, or, or just know as, as kids. So we,
we got to reconnect with a lot of old friends and,
and they're kind of right in the mix there with us.
Happy birthday, by the way,
we mentioned Matthew's going to be in the same division.
You thought it was probably going to be averaging 37 beers a game with the
stress level. I mean, your brother's already smacked you in the nuts once.
It's going to probably get intense. I was wondering like,
is there a moment where you separate
when the heat of battle, like, this is just an opponent
versus this is my older brother?
Do you even have time to think about that, or is it just instinctive?
Yeah, it's tough because, of course,
they're both rooting for each other every other game.
So it's an adjustment when we're playing each other,
especially now that they're divisional games.
It's going to be different. It's going to be difficult're divisional games, it's going to be different.
It's going to be difficult.
Like you said, it's going to be stressful, I think, mostly for my mom.
I don't know what she's going to be able to do.
And then eventually down the road, we're most likely going to meet in the playoffs
and eventually one of us will go home.
So I think when that time comes, and especially these games now,
it's going to be weird because they're must-win games.
A little off topic, but is it true like teams aren't really playing credit card game
anymore when we went out to dinner every meal credit card game but then i talked to a couple
guys on different squads they say nobody does it is that still in the repertoire for the senators
out no way in the ottawa locker room that's going i i heard that story that you guys were talking
about i remember you i don't know when it was. They did the fake credit card game. And you should have seen the group chat between my dad, brother and I just we were trying to figure out who it could have been. And it was just like, this is absolutely like embarrassing almost. So there's always a credit card game at our table. It's somebody's wearing it no matter what. Yes. Yes.
I love that.
Family Kachuk family commandments. It got engraved on one of the,
it's probably number one.
That's number one right there.
And then number two is no matter what you take,
take care of the trainers because they're as important.
That's that's one and two right there.
Your dad would be hanging out with the trainers more than he would his
teammates.
I've actually had like guys from other teams come up to you and say,
you got to say hi to your dad.
He's the absolute best.
I'm like, oh, big shoes to fill there.
If you have other teams, you know, medical staff's coming up to you.
Does he stress that like crazy, especially with you being the captain?
Like, hey, you got to get the boys outside of the locker room, fun always vibing like is that something that he's he's constantly harping
towards you yeah I think you know with that and the how the tight group I think that's he's always
emphasized on how important that is but also with the trainers too because they're every much a part
of the team as the players are even more important. They're doing all the, the little things behind the scenes to make life easier for us.
So I think for him, he's always been like, you take care of them,
treat them like family.
Cause at the end of the day,
they are your family at the rank and, and in your life and all of us.
So we always try to do not just the players, but no,
our trainers and stuff do all together.
We always try to do, you know, not just the players,
but, you know, our trainers and stuff do all together.
We try to, you know, really do that a couple times a year to, you know, have a good time
and kind of share those memories of all of us.
You had coach DJ Smith heading into his third season.
Feels like he's going to be there for a little while longer,
but you guys last year, obviously, I probably bet you it's 42 games,
but you guys never quit.
I noticed that about you.
What does he do to motivate you to keep you going when it's late in the season you don't have a ton to
play for how does he keep you on the ball and like keep battling till the final whistle there yeah
well he's been a great coach for you know all of us and for me he has really helped me now try to
find new levels in my game and yeah I think for all of us he he you know not only pushes the right
buttons but just a awesome guy to play for.
And I think that's what everybody's mindset is in the locker room,
that he's somebody that, like you said, we'll go to the very end for
and we'll push to get to the next level for.
What's the story about your dad not throwing his hat
when Calgary scored a hat trick?
Why wouldn't he chuck his hat on the ice? Was it, was he not jazzed up?
I mean, he was cheering the entire time. You figured he was on the bandwagon.
Yeah, no, he was fired up, but he just was like,
that's one of his best buddies bar in St. Louis, Obie Clark's. And he was like,
I just have too much loyalty to the hat. Can't get rid of it.
I've got too much loyalty to, uh, I was like, you know what? Good for you. Good for you. My mom was trying to get it. I've got too much loyalty to Jimmy. That's a true friend. I was like, you know what?
Good for you.
Good for you.
My mom was trying to get on.
I'm like, throw your hat.
Like, are you kidding me?
Throw your hat.
She's like, nope, loyalty.
How long were you there for?
Like two weeks?
Felt like a year.
It was like, well, we went to game four in Dallas.
And then we went to Napa for a vacation,
and then all of a sudden they're game seven.
We're like, we're going to game seven and went there.
And then Matthew's like, you're not leaving until at least game two
because we're going to head out there after game one
and experience the Battle of Alberta and head out.
He's like, you're staying for game two because you're 3-0 right now. oh right now you're staying i'm like i'll stay for game two and then they lost i'm like matthew i
don't care what you have to say i'm getting out of here i need to go home this is it this is done
i'm done i'm done it did get you a bud deal though the extended time so at least the trip
was probably paid for yeah it's just i for some reason i kept
calling myself the king of beers for the that little vacation it was good matthew's like i
don't think i've ever seen somebody not playing but get all over tv in canada like i guess the
king of beers gets it done you're gonna be able to squeeze in a uva field hockey game to check
out the little sister taran she's been kicking ass in field hockey for a while now.
Yeah, I actually went, when was it? We went before, I think Labor Day weekend.
So we went there, you know,
had a little football game to go see that and then got to see, I think,
two games of hers. So always great going down there.
That's just kind of a whole different beast of, you know,
school down there and just seeing all that. And no, it was great.
It's always great seeing her and supporting her and no,
I'm starting to become a fan of field hockey too.
So that's always fun watching her.
She's kind of like big Walt out there throwing the body around.
Oh yeah. She's, she's physical. She gets in people's,
people's grill too. And just pure offense.
I don't think she goes past half just whenever she touches it,
she's getting, she's getting a cookie so um oh yeah it's all about all about the pinto beans
with her no it's uh it's good though she's uh she's enjoying having fun and having a great
experience still you talked about the group chat on the team you got a lot of young guys what are
you guys watching for shows we get a lot of recommendations from ra for for our tv and movie picks what are
the young bucks watching well a lot of us are watching the house of fire right now so that's
been kind of a big hit the new game of thrones little saga so everybody's been watching that and
been talking about that but um yeah besides that that's kind of all the shows we've been watching,
like the new ones that are out right now.
So, yeah, that's what kind of guys we've been talking about.
You got to give Blackbird a whirl on Apple TV.
Shit's real good.
Yeah, I heard about that.
I know I got downtime here soon after these tough baggers of a day.
Well, do you got any more for this guy already?
Another quick, I saw the video of you the other day that you didn't know what the floppy disc was or the disc was, which I get, you're a young kid.
But I was surprised you didn't know what a VHS tape was.
I figured the old man might have had one stashed from the old school days somewhere.
Yeah, no, I didn't know, of course, like the name.
But I remember seeing that growing up.
I just, at first, I thought it was a DVR that I thought to myself, that's just not even right.
So I knew what it was.
I just couldn't figure out the,
figure out the word of it.
I want to let you know that this goon, uh,
wit didn't like take me to the pilot and think it was a banger.
I know that you're a massive Elton John fan.
Can you talk some sense into him?
Yeah. I mean, that's, I don't know much about, you know, that, but I mean,
that's just when you get in the fields, it's just, it's always a good tune when you, when you get, when you get in the fields it's just it's always
a good tune when you when you get when you get the feels there you never know i like the guy's
concert that song i don't know it just doesn't exactly fire me up but it doesn't i was down with
the performance who what are your favorite bangers from elton who uh i mean just like the big ones rocket man tiny dancer um benny and the jets i think is great
uh crocodile rock like just all like the big ones crocodile rock wasn't that actually you request
those on the pre-game mix that's a morning for me that's i don't i wouldn't do that to guys if i
could listen to them all the time but like that's more like in the gym just everyone's tired just throw
that on throw on the fray just let everybody just get through the morning just get just get in a
rolling session just listening to some elton guess that's why guess what that's why they call it the
blues biz that's his best song yeah well brady i know we know you're tired buddy you had a big day
of uh of testing we wish you
guys luck there's a lot of anticipation around this senator's team so don't let us down man
no i appreciate it it'll be fun it'll be fun to watch this here good luck buddy thanks for
joining pesky sense thanks for having me guys huge thanks to brady for jumping on with us once again
great kid want to let you know that his interview was also brought to you by Zip Recruiter.
Did you know there are currently over 2.4 million podcasts in the world,
including the one you're listening to right now?
And it takes a team of people to help bring these podcasts together.
The audio engineer, the editor, producer, guy who puts the whole show together.
Needless to say, hiring the right people for these roles is important. Whether you're hiring for a podcast or for your growing business,
there's only one place that makes it easy, ZipRecruiter. And now you can try it for free
at ziprecruiter.com slash SC. ZipRecruiter uses its powerful technology to find and match the
right candidates up with your job. You can easily review
these recommended candidates and invite your top choices to apply. Additionally, ZipRecruiter has
a complete suite of tools that make it easy to filter, review, and rate your candidates.
Four out of five employers who post on ZipRecruiter get a quality candidate within the first day.
So if you're a fan of this podcast and you want to try ZipRecruiter for free
today, you need to remember our special URL,
ZipRecruiter.com slash SC.
Once again, that's ZipRecruiter.com slash SC.
ZipRecruiter, the smartest way to hire.
All right, Biz, before we cut off there and talk to Brady,
we were talking about young captains around the league.
I mentioned Stevie Y got it, kept it for good, but not everyone
got to keep it. I mean, Mike
Badano had to give it up to Brendan Morrow
later. Joe Thornton had to give it
up. But Brady's father himself,
I was looking for him on this list. He got it when he
was 21. Sorry, Walt,
but it's history.
And I don't blame him for doing it at the time. It was, I
want to say 93.
He was, you know, playing for Winnipeg and he was restricted free agent
and Chicago signed him to an office sheet.
Like, cause Winnipeg was in financial dire straits
and hey, fuck it.
I want to go to a major city.
He signed the office sheet with Chicago
was going to up a salary.
And he didn't think,
he probably didn't think Winnipeg was going to match it,
but they did.
And then when they matched it,
they pulled the C right off.
Like, see you lady. You're not the captain anymore that is a great story so yeah i don't
give a fuck as long as you're buying the box you sign you sign the offer sheet you matched it right
they're like yeah it's like okay cool yeah okay so they did end up giving it to him back later
though but like it was just they were pissed off that's petty as shit man let the guy know like you're gonna if you're gonna match it why strip him of the sea you know what i mean like oh we
want you on the team still but we don't think you're as important as we once did yeah it was
just probably disciplinary i think they made chris king the captain for a little while winnipeg and
like i said he did get it back but that's an example a unique way of getting the seat pulled
signing off a sheet with the chicago blackhawks is i know that's a good i mean that's a great segue out of that interview and a
shout out to brady like not only are those media days a mental grind but he was doing fitness
testing too so the fact that he even came on and didn't tell us to fuck off and we got to throw him
and zegras two of these young bright studs in the league to come on and shoot the shit awesome and
we talk about these young guys growing up before our eyes.
He didn't even fucking go into the story about him jumping into this pond
in front of this restaurant and getting the boot.
Like, what happened here?
I have no idea.
Oh, fuck off.
You guys probably know the story.
I have no clue, dude.
What are you talking about?
You told us we had to ask him after you talked to Matthew.
No, that was Grinnelly who told me to tell us.
Oh, so fuck, gee, what happened?
I don't know the full story.
He just said you have to ask about Trader Ed's.
And if you're getting kicked out of Trader Ed's,
it's really for one reason, and that's for John.
The one night I was telling him about Trader Ed's.
Is this like the stepchild of Trader Joe's or what?
No, it's a bar and like a scene.
It's not some ghetto ass fucking grocery store that you can buy like wheat and fake honey nut Cheerios at.
Oh, you're going to have some granolas coming out of you, buddy.
I think Trader Joe's sucks.
I think it sucks.
I agree with you, Whit.
There was one in San Antonio.
This place blows. I hated it sucks. I agree with you, Whit. There was one in San Antonio. This place blows.
I hated it.
It's like just ghetto-ass versions of good stuff.
Oh, God.
At that Trader Ed's place, though, the one night I was there that I was telling him about,
I had like 1,200 Canadian on me.
And I was like, I'm never going to need this again.
And I was just literally chucking it around.
I was making it rain Canadian money.
And some kid's like, dude, I'm grabbing all this. This idiot idiot doesn't know it's like 800 america just go to the bank it's a degenerate move by me but i do remember
trader ed's for just letting the loonies and toonies fly wild oh oh you were gassing it i
thought you were throwing around canadian money you are you you would throw money up like just like chucking
canadian like you were at a strip club but at a bar yeah did nothing for me looking still you're
laughing too buddy that's hey how many more times did you even do that with american dollars during
your i never did it with american dollars i treated canadian dollars like it was monopoly
money i was just firing it around.
Well, hey, it's becoming more and more like Monopoly money.
I think it hit 138 today.
One U.S. dollar gets you one.
You should buy some property over here in Canada and run for prime minister.
No, thanks.
Duh.
If you guys want to invest, come on and send your money to Sweden.
You're getting 11 kronas per dollar right now.
Well,
everything's got to be alcohol with you.
A Merle,
which is an outside.
How many?
No,
no.
Krona is the money biz,
not the booze.
Oh,
okay.
I thought this was kidding.
So when I played here,
it was six Kronas to a dollar.
Now it's 11.
So it's,
it's unreal.
So everything,
everything for me is cheap. If I run my us card, it's 11 so it's it's unreal so everything for me is cheap if i run my
u.s card it's great what's uh what's uh what's a like an apple at the grocery store cost what's a
can of coke cost uh an apple is like a buck a buck an apple but i couldn't tell you how much
they cost in the u.s but i know they're a dollar here the granny smith ones in Nantucket, there was a pear. 6. 6 for a fucking pear.
For one pear.
Almost puked.
Bought 20 of them.
The first time I went to Canada biz, it was actually.
Hey, bought 20 of them just so they could rot.
Hey, Wits, I bought the whole the whole fruit aisle bought a pear farm over there
threw it in the escalade and i and i and i went and doubled my money on the side of the highway
that's how i spent my saturday and then tuck it and then i fucking kidnapped fudge kid and i'm
fucking torturing him in my garage pulling his fingernails out as i feed him old fudge
covered hey if there was one person that you could torture on the planet,
would it be fudge kid?
No, it might be Brett Favre, though.
That piece of shit.
Oh, good.
He has a grind.
I think I'm assuming that was your grind.
All right.
All right.
Hand it over to R.A.
Right.
I think everybody's gears are grinded by this.
But this is just fucking despicable shit.
Like Mississippi, if it's not the poorest state in the union,
it's one of the two, three,
two or three fucking poorest states in the union.
Brett Favre was involved with a conspiracy with the guy who was in charge
of giving out welfare money.
So the state's poorest people, this is money set aside for poor folks.
And, you know, my experience with poor people,
most poor people don't want to be poor.
They're born into it.
They're trying to get out of it.
It's not an easy thing to do.
Well, Brett Favre made hundreds of millions of dollars playing football endorsements.
Well, he's involved with a conspiracy with politicians there where they were siphoning money set aside for poor kids to feed poor kids or help them get housing, whatever.
And he was siphoning it to build a volleyball court at him and his daughter's college.
They went to the same college.
Like, what the fuck?
7 million to build a volleyball court. And his daughter's college they went to the same college like what the fuck seven million dollars to build a volleyball court and his daughter's on the team and i guess she was like there because of her last name she's the only girl from the state on the team
he also like texted like no one's gonna find out about this right like they got him dead to right
so the guy who like the main conspiracy he got like 50 years away he's gonna testify against
these other people so brett fowler is probably shitting his pants a little bit.
He should go to prison, right?
Honestly, yeah.
I mean, this is like government fraud taking money, again,
from fucking earmarked for poor people to build a fucking volleyball court
for a college that has nothing to do with anything.
They've probably been getting away with it for years.
Here's the other thing, too.
Tech show Favre worried about being caught by the media,
also wanted to use unpaid prison labor to build the volleyball lockers.
So not only do you want to like steal this money,
you want to get fucking prisoners to come in.
And that's a big thing down South.
They're all privatized, which is fucking sick.
Prisons should be run by the fucking.
They're probably all in there for selling weed too.
That too.
So he wants, oh, we want unpaid labor to do it, to boot.
And what's even worse is
they also funny money. Remember the old wrestler, Ted DiBiase, the million dollar man,
they funneled money to his son, Brett. This kid went to rehab in Malibu, 160,000. They paid for
his rehab. They gave him a 250,000 job. He wasn't qualified for 48,000 to teach employees how to identify possible drug use by
people seeking help. So like this guy is in rehab. Now he's going to teach people to look for drug
signs. And they gave him like eight grand for a fancy hotel room. These people are scumbags,
literally stealing from the poor. And now they're probably going to all flip over to each other.
And hopefully Fadnani gets charged. But yeah, he deserves jail time for this man. This is millions
and millions of dollars set aside for the most poor vulnerable people in this state and that's why these states are
fucked up you know they're the lowest in education they're the lowest and poor and this is generations
of it because of scumbag politicians and people drifters like this stealing their money to build
fucking volleyball courts like that the school should be building this up it's disgusting reading
it man i get fucking annoyed reading it just Just bad people, bad fucking shady people.
If you steal money from poor people, you're a fucking scumbag.
Oh, R.A., man, that's a fucking mic dropper right there.
Well said, R.A., an absolute disgrace, an absolute idiot, by the way,
and an asshole, and it goes back to the pictures he said before,
just not a smart man, not a smart man uh a man of no morals
and and the seven deadly sins right you got lust gluttony sloth wrath envy pride and the other one
greed and greed is such in a disgusting despicable thing that can not only ruin your own life but it
can ruin so many other people's lives
and and brett farve truly does not give a fuck about anyone except for himself like the the fact
that this story came out in the way it did you're reading it and like holy shit like you're not even
stealing from people who maybe don't need the money these people truly were relying on what
you're taking from them it's it's disgusting i
hope he goes to prison and if that that guy got 50 years the main conspirator well he he got like
i think it was a 90th sentence they suspended 50 of it he's looking at like 32 years wasn't
the governor involved as well yeah there's a bunch of politicians that's who they're gonna
name the building after yeah the director of welfare john davis pleaded guilty to his part
in the conspiracy
that saw money put aside for the poorest state's neediest residents instead go to grifters like Favre.
He also got paid Favre for speeches he never even gave.
It's just like this guy fucking is popular.
He has all the money, even if he blew it.
Well, fuck it.
That's his fault.
Why are they doing this?
Like, I don't understand why people like to suck celebrities' dicks to this extent,
where they just give them money.
For what?
Like, obviously a favor down the line. But I't know it's brutal dude now people want to be kicked
out of the hall of fame that's probably not going to happen i don't give a fuck if it does or doesn't
it's just they're going to hang this legacy on him more than anything so um uh brutal speaking
of volleyball court i know yeah yeah yeah your daughter's probably not even any good she's barely on the team you're trying
to get her mccord who cares like you're not teddy purcell's future wife winning gold medals you're
fucking scrubbing around mississippi state or whatever shitbag school the guy went to
they're gonna have sweat chops to make the knee guards speaking of girls i watched a very old documentary that somebody
recommended to me but holy shit was it good it's called the smartest guys in the room and i believe
it's from 2004 all on how the uh the company enron went bankrupt and all how it fell apart
oh my god the greed the greed is Enron? Enron was a energy.
How do I describe it already?
I watched the doc so long ago.
Another grifter company.
I don't know if it was almost like a fake company designed to fucking.
It was a complete scam.
The entire thing.
But these guys, when they were made, there's fit.
So they were behind all these blackouts in California.
They were basically behind the governor getting recalled and arnold schwarzenegger ended up coming in to be the governor because during all these like blackouts they were basically
causing them and they were costing people get to the chopper they were costing people in california
like millions and millions of dollars and there's these guys are on the phone laughing literally
laughing at the fact that people's lives are being ruined by and companies and businesses
it's just like the ultimate case of true scumbags and greedy assholes in life and it's it's a really
it's old like it feels like it's like 40 years old just being 2004 or whatever so they were
somehow like uh dude they were shutting off the power.
They were calling the plants in California,
shut it off.
Cause they were then driving the price of like energy up.
It was,
it's,
I'm telling you,
you would actually enjoy this.
It's fucking wild.
What these people did.
The company was valued at 70 billion.
And then boom,
one day it was just,
and it's fucking amazing to see what greed can do to people.
And it seems like more than ever,
there's more grifters. I know there's always people trying to
beat the government, but it seems like there's a lot
more people within the government trying to fucking
beat the government. Like Minnesota just had COVID
relief money. People stay on COVID relief money.
It's like your job is to
put this money out. Instead, they're stealing it and
buying fucking shit they don't need.
Vacations, cars, whatever. They're already making money. They're already got a good paying job and they're stealing it and buying fucking cause shit they don't need vacations cars whatever they're already making money they're already paying job and they're
stealing it let me ask you this one all right i think i was talking to somebody um the other day
might have been uh tim bussy martin remember we had him on the podcast he lives here in victoria
so i golfed with him and uh and mike gillis the gm of the vancouver canucks fuck because he got stories for days you funny bastard um
but he was saying i think that the offer to bob yore was 18 percent of the bruins you might have
already said the actual number i thought it was like five percent he well it's bussy too so he
might have fucked you know he catches fish is this big but there's a little salt and pepper on it i say hey that ain't a whip move that's the whip move what's that whole spice rack i got i got salt i got salt that'll fucking i'll drown
you in salt with my what's the what's the emerald of spitting chiclets bam but so i guess that the
relationship between the owner or the owner's son of the bruins at that why are you guys still
laughing did i miss something no no you're oh um but the relationship was really good between Bobby Orr and either the owner and he saw him as a
son and the owner couldn't understand why Bobby Orr didn't like the deal but he Alan Eagleson
never presented that side of it so it drove him apart that was what ended up happening we're like fuck
dude if they would have just sat down in a room together and fucking hammered it out that's like
he isn't going to overheat right now i know but to the to the point where they were actually in
the same room in the same vicinity when this offer was on the table like fuck you almost wish you
just go back in time and just say get in the room and have a fucking conversation 18 of the boston bruins dude how much would he be worth right now oh god
he must fucking punch a fucking he must punch the door every fucking goddamn day you know what i
watched that new elvis movie um the one with austin butler and i thought there was similar
shades as weird as this might sound between like Elvis and Colonel Tom and Bob
Bior and Alan Eagleson.
We have this guy manipulating this guy who's maybe, I don't know if he's naive
or just trust this guy too much.
And he's just listening to this guy over and over and he doesn't have the
maybe career that he should have. Elvis never toured outside of America.
All he ever did was listen to that scumbag Colonel Tom. And I was like, wow,
this sort of does remind me of Bob you're this super duper star who's
all he has to do is maybe ask one other person
about it and he just trust this guy too
much and he's getting screwed as a result
up G I was gonna say that I
when I was watching that already I saw that I thought the same
exact thing that that guy was just the biggest scumbag
in the world and just like ruined Elvis's career
no I
still haven't seen the movie I
don't really know the whole story i just knew that
he was obviously a legend and like all these people like dress up in costumes and fucking
head to vegas and impersonate him it's fucking insane man well what's good about it is they
actually changed the title it's supposed to be elvis and whatever name they were calling colonel
tom but like it shows like yeah the colonel tom was the string puller and elvis like i said i
think he was kind of a naive kid from Memphis and didn't ask a lot of questions.
And, you know, by the time he started asking questions, Tom, Colonel Tom owned like half of everything.
He was getting a cut of everything. Like he said, he told him, oh, you don't want to tour around the world.
Security, blah, blah, blah. It's like, dude, you're fucking Elvis.
You can go anywhere in the fucking solar system. And you just like kind of felt bad for him at the end.
What's crazy, too, the last scene that they use when he's like kind of old and fat,
like he's sweaty.
It's like one of his very last concerts and he sings Unchained Melody.
And it's so sad because he's just, he's like about to die in a few weeks
and he's sweaty, but he still is Elvis.
He still hits these couple notes where you give you goosebumps
because I actually tweeted the video a few times.
Like it's the same one they use in the movie and it's it's a good flick definitely check it out
they give a little more perspective on the colonel tom stuff so definitely worth the watch he
performed all the way up until two weeks before he died yeah yeah he was on tour june july 77 and
then um went home and then he died a few weeks after. Yeah. Oh, my God. The other thing, too, it's on HBO Max.
They have a couple of his old concept movies from like 1970.
So it's like post peak Elvis, not when he was young in the 50s and 60s,
but before he was like totally like, I guess, a slob and sweaty.
You could see the cracks in the foundation,
but the documentaries and you get like a fly on the wall.
Look at Elvis.
Like he still drove his own car.
He had a fucking pistol in his boot.
He was just this kind of good old boy. So if you like Elvis, it's the wall. Look at Elvis. Like he still drove his own car. He had a fucking pistol in his boot. He was just this kind of good old boy.
So if you like Elvis, it's a real good look at him.
The certain era that you don't really hear too much about the early
seventies.
Was he just about when girls, how about when he was doing everything?
Oh yeah.
He was shaking his knees and girls were like choking themselves.
Oh, rubbing.
It was like, dude, the guy was like... He literally moved his hips
and girls were squirting all over the stage.
He would walk through the crowd
screaming.
The last time I've seen
girls scream like...
Honestly, that was probably Michael Jackson. They would faint.
They would scream. They would piss themselves.
Yeah.
But like, he was...
There was nobody like Elvis, man. He was just one of a kind who'd walk
through the crowd kissing every girl in the crowd and stuff it was so like i'll tweet the titles
out because there's some of the old shitty elvis movies where he acted but he wasn't good but there
are a couple that concert films and they're sort of documentaries those are the ones you want to
watch because it's sort of elvis in his natural habitat but But check him out. He was a handsome bastard. Holy shit, dude.
Pictures of a young Elvis.
He was a weapon.
He was.
Hey, I bet you this.
Well, who's the guy who played him?
I mean, he must be doing it for himself.
Who's he dating?
Who isn't?
Who isn't?
He's a fucking rocket launcher.
Hey, imagine getting the residual.
Imagine that was your centerman when you played Merles.
Even you'd get a cup.
Even in your drunken stupor,
after winning 700 at the craps table.
Oh, yeah, this Austin Butler.
This Austin Butler looks decent.
Yeah, good-looking guy.
The only other sports really going on the weekend,
I know the President's Cup golf, I know it's not the Ryder Cup,
but did you ever check any of it out?
How was it? Any good?
Watch it briefly.
Internationals did well on um saturday afternoon i believe in the in the four ball segment it's time for like an overhaul of the president's cup though and and and the international team got
hosed when they lost smith and and neiman and a couple other guys um to live golf but i mean
the americans also are missing DJ and stuff.
So it's like, it's just such a shit gig.
And I think the US is 12,
one and one of the last 14 president's cups.
I've seen people mention that you make it a mixed event
in terms of the top six American men,
the top six American women
versus the top six international men,
top six international women.
Because the Korean women, they fucking dominate they they crush everyone so that could maybe make it a little more
interesting like i saw some people dogging it i don't hate that idea all of a sudden you get some
you get you get some mix matches you get the girls on girls match relax and then you basically
somewhat try to make it more competitive because right now it's a snoozer.
It's an absolute.
I'm live streaming it.
I got the tablet out.
I got the,
I got the fucking business.
Like 32,
32 inch desktop out of the company.
Now there was something about a gimme there.
Wait,
do they allow,
do they actually allow gimme's in tournaments or match play situations
only?
So the match play event in
austin every year in the rider cup in the in the president's cup you can you can give a putt yes
okay yeah because i know um the guy and sandbaggers yeah look to see who kim didn't want to give um
what's it uh justin is justin thomas thomas he didn't want to give it to him and i'm like well
yeah i don't fucking blame you because someone missed the gimme later in the, later in the tournament.
It's like, well, yeah, that had to take. So I don't know.
There's always, there's always a, it's a fine line.
Like usually in golf early in the match,
you might give a pot that in this later in the mats,
there's no chance you would.
There's some people who are very stingy in terms of giving putts.
There's the thought process that if you don't give somebody a putt and then they make a couple of those all of a sudden you're pissing them off and and they're
making the putts and that kind of drives them so there's an entire mental game i get it a match
play golf i get it why didn't the live tour get john daly or did they i think he's just like
they're looking at they're looking to have 48 of the top golfers in the world he's on the senior
tour now and stuff.
It's just a little old.
You're trying to get the live streams popping.
You want the Mountain Dew crowd just doing lines of blow-off.
Shotgun and beers out of his belly.
This round is sponsored by Diet Coke and stickers.
Yeah.
All right, I'm going to wrap up shortly.
Get a lady to knit a sweater out of all the lint that's in his belly button each round.
Merles, you've got a play of the week for the crew, right?
Yes.
Let's get it.
Yes, and I will give you a line from a guy named Thomas Bertram Lance.
If it's not broke, don't fix it.
So play the month hit with timra ik play of the week timra ik on
thursday be nine no it's going to be a 7 p.m game here 1 p.m your guys time in new york and boston
versus hv 71 timra money line minus 120 boots will be on the ground place will be rocking book it sports game bar
stool sports book home game why the advantage the home ice is does the the home team usually
always win the first game tough tough travel in this league so i know um you know you're usually
on the bus and hv is probably eight ten hour bus bus ride. They're going to put, they're going to play Tuesday at home, wake up Wednesday,
have to bus up here most likely,
and then have to have Timra sitting here waiting Timra lost on the weekend.
Oh, they're going to be, they're going to be ready. I'm going to be there.
I'm going to have my press pass, my hat on.
So they're going in the lion's den guaranteed to let's go.
Hey, keep a, keep up the hot streak.
All the chicklets fans, the barstool sports book fans.
We thank you.
EBR is alive and well, we can't wait for NHL to get going.
You're the man, buddy.
Yep.
Can't wait.
We got some NHL preseason.
You can make some money on it.
You got to look at the lineup style.
You never know what team these guys are sending to their road games.
So keep an eye on that.
We got those games on the Barstool Sportsbook, the preseason?
Yep.
Nice.
Went to 100K this year.
Let's go.
All right.
One last story here, boys.
We want to send a huge shout out to Puerto Rico,
who won the Amerigo Latam Cup when they beat Argentina 4-3 in Coral Springs
last week after losing their two previous games to Argentina.
And these guys were playing with a lot of their minds as Hurricane Fiona ravaged their island home in Puerto Rico.
A lot of team veterans battled through injuries just to play for their flag.
So huge congrats to Puerto Rico for the championship.
Very well deserved.
And the five-day tourney, it's getting bigger and bigger every year.
We talk about hockey being for everybody, so we wanted to share this story.
bigger and bigger every year. We talk about hockey being for everybody, so we wanted to share this story. The tournament drew 44 teams in six divisions, totaling over 750 players from 21
countries and territories from Latin America, the Caribbean, and the Middle East. In their D2
tourney, Egypt's pharaohs beat the stars of Israel 3-0, and their captain, Samar Ramadan,
said Egypt came to make a splash in a statement. His quote, there's a lot of Egyptians that play at a high level.
We need an ice rink as soon as possible.
This absolutely helps.
This is the platform that we need.
We went at teams at our same level from around the world
and ultimately came on top.
And their coach, Yassar Ahmed, said the win means everything for everything.
A win like this puts the spotlight on us, even for a little bit,
just to show there are Egyptians who play ice hockey and ice hockey is for everyone.
Guys, just reading this article and all these places that are putting teams together and fall in love with hockey and the warm climates.
We know it works in warm climates from here and here in the state.
So these places need rinks.
So anybody out there who's listening, who can help these guys maybe facilitate getting rinks or equipment or whatever they need.
Please help them out if I can. We could sort of push this agenda a little bit more,
but it's just great to see in hockey.
Hockey in places, Biz, you don't typically see it.
The sport's growing, and it's great to see it grow on this level, Biz.
Oh, it's awesome.
No, it's such a great story.
Thanks for bringing it to the pod, R.A.
Absolutely.
So hopefully these guys and gals get more rinks.
Well, again, traditionally rinks have not been,
but they used to not be in Florida or in South Carolina
or in California or in Arizona.
So there's no reason they can't be in Egypt, the Middle East,
Colombia, wherever.
So, again, congrats to Puerto Rico.
Glad everybody had fun at the tournament.
Good luck to everybody moving forward with the Amerigo Latam Cup
or whatever league you're playing in.
So, once again, hockey is for everyone.
We love to hear it.
Have a fantastic week, everybody.
And we'll see you soon.
Well, before we go, I mean, there's one crazy story we didn't mention.
And it was a shot that Daryl Sutter took at Matthew Kachuk.
I mean, I know there's no captain for the Flames,
but I think Daryl should get it for fucking comedy routine.
Imagine a C sewn into the suit.
Here, let me play the audio, boys.
Oh, come on.
How do we even forget this?
As far as their skill sets,
any comparisons between Kachuk and Toffoli?
One guy's won Stanley Cups.
Been a big part of long playoff runs.
Wow.
Daryl is out for blood already.
A little spice.
You talked about the salt and pepper earlier, Witt.
Well, how about that spice for the NHL preseason, baby?
That's what we want here at Chicklets.
We want this league thriving into fucking drama.
We're going to get all the drama from the Swedish league with Merle's on the wagon this year.
We're going to make some up if there isn't any.
Yeah, just creating rumors.
So thank you to all you Chicklets fans
who watch the Sandbagger on the YouTube.
Subscribe to the YouTube channel.
And remember, look out for that Pink Whitney vlog
dropping Wednesday, probably around 8 p.m. Eastern.
We love you guys.
Love you guys.
Peace.
As always, we like to thank our terrific sponsors here on Spit and Chicklet. So a huge thank you to our longtime friends at Pink Whitney and New Amsterdam Vodka.
A big thank you to our friends over at Game Time for taking care of our
ticket needs.
Huge thanks to everybody over at Shopify as well.
Big thanks to our friends at Peter Malar for making us look good in the
course.
And a huge thanks to our friends at ZipRecruiter.
Have a fantastic week, everybody.
