Hey Spittin' Chicklets listeners, you can find every episode on Apple Podcasts, Spotify, or YouTube.
Prime members can listen ad-free on Amazon Music.
This episode of Spittin' Chicklets featuring Charlie McAvoy is brought to you by Sauce Hockey.
We all know that hockey is more than just a game, it's a culture and a way of life.
The best players carry that swagger off the ice and are definitely known to have just a bit of fun in the process.
Sauce Hockey has a full line of apparel that tells the hockey story from every level.
Whether you're a savvy veteran that has been around the block, like you, Grinelli,
or a local legend playing beer league with the boys, like Whitney,
Sauce Hockey has the threads for you.
Sauce has the sickest lids around to make your summer flow pop,
and they've even got you covered in the pole department.
Their T-shirts are softer than puppies' ears and feature fresh designs that will definitely help you help your off ice plus minus if you catch
my drift you'll even find barbecue sets made of broken twigs and other accessories like their
boxes which are also a plus to make matters even better the beauties over at sauce hockey are give
us giving us an exclusive 30 off with with discount code CHICKLETS.
You heard that right, 30 off with discount code CHICKLETS.
Sauce also has the best t-shirt of the month club out there,
which sends you an original design from a part of the history of hockey.
For only 30 or less than a 24-pack of Molson, eh,
you can get a piece of hockey history delivered to your door.
The club has featured storied bonds
such as the met center in bloomington minnesota the yale whale the ralph and recently did a
tribute to herb brooks which is still available on the website you can sign up at saucehockey.com
so make sure you head over to saucehockey.com to take advantage of 30 off using the code CHICKLETS. S-A-U-C-E-Hockey.com. Code CHICKLETS. C-H-I-C-L-E-T-S. The address again
is SauceHockey.com, and the code is CHICKLETS. C-H-I-C-L-E-T-S.
Hello everybody, welcome to episode 41 of Spittin' Chicklets, brought to you by Barstool Sports. What up, what up?
Ryan Whitney in the house.
Hello gentlemen.
Producer Mikey Grinelli.
Special guest with us today.
Huge guest today, long time coming.
A few people had requested, a few people actually guessed correctly.
A few people said wet emojis.
Yes, a lot of people sending wet emojis already when we released the name.
Welcome to the show, Charlie McAvoy, Bruins Defenseman.
Hey, thanks, guys.
Big fan.
Oh, that's great to hear.
That's great.
Now, before we get going, before we get going, I do want to let everyone know, Rear Admiral
is hockey tough right now.
He went through some emergency gallbladder removal surgery, correct?
Correct.
So, dude, we appreciate you grinding it out with us.
And also, I think he...
Did you get a Tiger Woods cocktail for all the pain?
Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah.
I definitely...
Did you see that?
Oh, my God.
When I read that, I was like, yeah.
I was doing a checklist for myself.
I think they gave me all those in the hospital the other day.
I was like, dude, he wasn't lying.
There was no booze, but holy shit, Tiger. He might as well
have been drinking. You think?
Yeah. Yeah, I think.
So yeah, a little... Yeah, but we're glad to have
you back. Thanks, buddy. Yeah, hashtag hockey guy.
He's grinding out through this one. Grinding out.
I'd take a picture of my gut, but nobody wants to see that.
Anyways, we got Charlie
McAvoy here, so let's get cracking with this guy
here. Charlie, we're going to cut
right to it, man. You played four games in Providence.
BU!
What up?
After BU.
And then your first NHL game.
It's not in October.
It's not an open night game.
It's the fucking NHL playoffs, man.
On the road.
On the road.
And as an observer, man, you, whatever, kiss your asshole.
You look like a 10-year veteran out there.
What was going through your mind that first game?
I mean, how did you just play at that level in your first game,
your first six games?
And how fired up were you, like, in warm-ups?
I know that was probably when you were like, all right, slow down.
Man, I don't, like, it was honestly crazy, like, trying to, like, relive that.
Like, a lot of people ask, like, you know, what was that like?
And it's still, like, even hard to kind of explain what that was like,
you know, because before the game, you know, everybody's coming up to you
and you got, like, all the boys getting you fired up and they're like,
you know, because once upon a time, like, everybody played in their first NHL game.
Yeah, you do want to remember that part of it.
Like, you know, everybody's been through it and they're like, you know, like,
just do your thing, do your thing, like, we got you.
And honestly, like, when I got out there for warm-ups and just took, like,
first lap i
was like wow like this is something else honestly in warm-ups my main thing was i had never warmed
up with them so i didn't even know what's going on and like and everybody's got like their own
like ritual they're like game 83 now like so every like certain guys are like saucing in the neutral
zone and i'm like messing like guys are just like yelling heads up and stuff like i'm getting in the way of everybody's stuff
i'm like oh what am i even doing out here usually stick handles between a couple pucks he comes over
and snags his puck you're using taking guys pucks so that game um i initially so i was excited to
see you play i've watched you at bu and in the world juniors was really i see you play. I've watched you at BU and the World Juniors. I think you're coming out party to people around North America in terms of hockey fans.
I had seen you at BU, so I was excited.
I noticed you had a chance right away to run the power play that night.
For you, I think that's the best part of your game.
I'm sure you were nervous, but there must have been a sense of you just being kind of confident.
Once you got the puck, made a couple plays, you're like, all right, this isn't a big deal.
Is that true?
I think the biggest thing for me that game was we got a power play.
I think it was halfway through the first period.
Because my first few shifts, I was like shitting bricks out there.
Yeah, they were coming hard.
Oh, yeah.
Coming hard.
Somebody stepped.
I don't know who it was, but some D like stepped on me at like our blue line or something.
I got like wrecked my second shift.
And I'm like going through my head, like trying to get control of this.
And then boom, we got a power play.
So that was like my chance to get out there, feel the puck and, you know, have some time to make some plays.
Get a little confidence.
Yeah, exactly. feel the puck and you know have some time to make some plays get a little confidence yeah exactly
so we got out there like we got some couple good chances we didn't score but i got the puck on my
stick and i'm running on the top and i was like wow like you know starting to feel comfortable
with it and then you know from there like i was like all right let's just see if we can keep this
rolling it's so cool to hear you because i used to always say it like when you got almost
as your first shift if it could always be a power play you had so much more time with the puck you're
like all right yeah i'm kind of into the game whereas especially on the road in ottawa i mean
they came out flying but it's just it was great to see how much poise you had that came and then
moving forward so i didn't know if it was if it was really hard at the beginning to get used to
how many how many practices did you have with have with the team before your first game,
with the parent club?
Oh, man.
So my first practice, I actually got called up on Sunday.
I got called up on Sunday night.
I had sat out a game in Providence because Crudy,
oh, no, Crudy was already here.
Carlo had just got a concussion that afternoon against Washington.
And I'm like, oh, man, like, what's going on?
And they were like, all right, like, sit down.
You're not playing today.
Like, the big club's got to figure out some stuff.
Like, you know, so next thing I know, it's that night.
You know, it's late that night.
And Don gave me a call and was like, hey, you're getting called up.
And like, oh, man, like, that phone call was,
I'm like shaking on the other end of the line. you when you left school did you think like i'm gonna end
up playing bruins you're like no this is gonna be ahl playing the playoffs with them like did
did you have a hope or not even a consideration really oh man like uh honestly the the thing now
is like you know like waranski like what he did in in uh he left he left school uh and where do
you go what went to uh lake erie lake erie and they won they won the whole thing so you're probably And he left school. And where did he go?
He went to Lake Erie.
Lake Erie.
And they won. They won the whole thing.
So you're probably taking on that.
And he played lights out in the playoffs in the A.
And so they were like, yeah, like, go, you know, kind of follow the Wierenski model.
Go down there.
Exactly.
All right.
And do that.
And, you know, and then, you know, come into camp next year and, you know, do your thing.
And, but with the circumstances, you know, it was kind of like next man up, I guess. Man, I just got, you know, I to camp next year and, you know, do your thing. And, but with the circumstances, you know, it was kind of like next man up,
I guess, man, I just got, you know, I got, I got my break.
So it just, I mean, to me, I mean,
I obviously I didn't play nearly hit the level you guys did,
but just from a, from a like X's and O's perspective, like,
is it just like the hockey takes over? Like, cause you know,
you didn't play with these guys at all.
And all of a sudden you're out there and you're not only playing with them,
but you're a key component to the, to team man like is it just are you just relying on
confidence instinct like does the nervousness just just go away like like what's going on there i'm
just curious you know oh yeah like i mean there was i was about as nervous as like
yeah probably like i mean playing at that stage was like you know it's
everyone's dream right in there so you finally get there and you're like you got to pinch yourself
that you're there and you know and then you're out there and you're playing against these guys
and honestly the people who i relied on was kind of just like the team and the coaches you know
like the guys i was playing with z my first game i actually played with kevin miller played a spike
and you know whether it was z or him but they both were making my life super easy just lean on those guys talking a ton yeah never
heard anyone talk more than z out there it matters so much i think it's so underrated in terms of
like especially defensive with your partner just being able to talk and stuff like that and yeah i
think as a first game guy it's like please just scream to me dude tell me when i have
time tell me when to move it and make it easy as easy as they did on you and that was the first
thing he said he was like hey like in our practice when we practiced together he was like i trust you
you trust me like if i hear you yell this way this way i'm going that way with it you you hear me
yell that like you're going this way with it like just trust each other and like hearing that was like
it was like a low like a like a load off my back like i'm like all right like i just gotta just
trust this guy yeah just guy and he you know he played he played awesome made a great series and
we just kind of worked off each other's piggybacks i think that personally it must be not a relief
that's not really the right word but if you'd gone to providence and even if you'd played dominated the way renski did and you guys went far you'd still have this sense of my first
nhl training camp i don't know anyone you know besides the ahl guys whereas now it's like all
right i played in the nhl i played in nhl games that were even harder than the regular season so
for you this summer and going into camp it must be be really nice to know, like, all right, I got my spot.
You know what I'm saying?
I burned a whole year of my deal already.
Not a big deal.
I'm the money guy.
I'm the money guy.
I should have thought of that.
Oh, man.
It definitely means a lot, like, getting close with the guys.
Yeah, exactly.
Because now I come into camp and kind of like my first day up there, my first practice, first day I got called up,
like that was the day I was like most nervous.
I'm like, all right, I got to meet all these guys.
Like I've been watching some of these guys my whole life
and like been watching Chara my entire life.
And now I'm like, now I'm in the locker room with them.
Now I'm on the ice with them.
Now we're on the same team, like crazy.
And, you know, those kind of like those introductions there, boom, you get those done.
Now we're on the same team.
Now we're pulling in the same direction.
Now I come in and, you know, I've been talking to a lot of them this summer and I'm kind of in there now.
I'm introduced.
So now when I come in, now instead of meeting everybody, it's like, hey, how was the summer?
Like, good to see you guys again.
Like, boom.
And now we just hit the ground running and looking to just have a great camp.
Kind of like you get the first data out of the way almost.
Yeah, and maybe, you know, like lucky because he played in the Powerpoint.
Briefly going back to the playoffs,
and this is probably a little opposite of what I've already asked.
I think it was game five.
I think it was the overtime game.
You misplayed a puck at the blue line.
I forget which senator went in all alone.
And Tuukka saved, just basically kept the Cs alive for another game. What was going through your mind during that play, man? Oh, alone. And Tuka saved. He basically kept the seas alive for another game.
What was going through your mind during that play, man?
Oh, man.
I don't remember.
No, I remember now.
I remember now.
You almost just rubbed with his ear.
Oh, my God.
Yeah, actually, I do.
I went, got the puck.
It was one of those plays, you know, when, like, the puck just comes over your blue line,
and you're skating back.
You got a guy all over you.
You know you can't get it to your partner. You trying to figure out what to do you got nothing so i tried to just stop it
and go off the like glass real quick to get it back to the neutral zone and i i don't know what
happened if i flubbed it i don't know but but i like fell and next thing i know i don't know who
it was might have been stone maybe it was a righty i think and he picks this thing up and he full full tilt walks right to the middle now he's right between the
hash marks and i'm like just thinking in my head like no if these guys worked all year to be here
and if i came up and in my like fifth game i literally lose the series for him and it was
like my life flashed before my eyes before Tuca made that glove save.
And I was just like, live another day.
The next day, Tuca had a new 500 Metallica box set in his locker room.
Well, I mean, I think Tuca, I like having Bruins players on just to remind everyone how good Tuca is.
So let's just get that out there.
Yeah, I saw something the other day.
I don't know what it was.
It might have been on Twitter, but it was
top 10 goalies.
NHL Network. Top 10 list.
And he wasn't on there? No.
I haven't worked this summer, boys. I haven't been at work
this summer, so that's on me.
It's a jumble.
But I just don't understand how people
chirp him all the time.
In practice, you can't even score on him.
No. I've taken a fair deal of shots, and there was a couple weeks practice, you can't even score on him. No. No.
I've taken a fair deal of shots,
and there was a couple weeks there.
I don't think I scored once.
He's a competitor, man.
He battles.
You watch those games, some of the saves he makes,
he could be down and out,
and he's jumping back to make those saves.
He doesn't quit.
And he's one of those guys who you love to play for because if you make a good play or you block a shot oh you hear it like i remember my first game i like i stopped like a like a two-on-one down low
or something and then like i don't know i'm just hearing toques behind me like nice nice play
charlie like nice play like like my dad yeah you're like wow man like he he's in it like we're
all you know he's he's the man toques is awesome so i just want to i i brought up briefly but world juniors this year i mean as as i i was lucky enough to play
in world juniors we didn't make any noise but that was just so special to watch as a fan of
usa hockey and playing in it and being were you mvp if you weren't, the best defenseman? The gold medal game, I got player of the game.
Dude, fucking A, man.
How sick was that to be with the guys you played in Ann Arbor with?
Just bring me through that tourney.
Man, it just felt like everything came full circle.
Like getting to that camp, the little pre-camp that they have.
We had ours in Buffalo.
Getting to that, it's like a reunion.
It's like an NTDP reunion.
It's like all the guys who we won a U18s with.
We're already bonded together through that.
We all got that.
Where did you win U18s?
We won it in Switzerland.
That's a decent place to win.
Unbelievable place, by the way.
So we get there, and we're like, man.
We're doing this.
We're doing this.
We all felt like right at home.
We were already like a family.
We'd bring in a couple 98s from the 98 birth year who were studs.
Quickly, quickly.
Did you make the team your freshman year?
Yeah.
Okay, so in that year, you guys, did you?
I think we should have won it that year, too. Was that Eichel's year? Yeah. Okay, so how, and that year you guys, did you? I think we should have
won it that year too.
Was that Eichel's year?
No, we had Matthews,
Kachuk,
Wierenski,
Wierenski was,
this was his like,
best defenseman
in that tournament
by a long shot.
He went off that tournament.
But you weren't in the role
that you were this year?
No, no.
Makes sense.
This is your 20 year old-old year, right?
Yeah.
This was my last year eligibility.
That's awesome.
All right.
So you get there and right away you guys can tell, all right, this is like we've won the
Worlds together before.
Two years later, let's go.
And then just from there it went off running.
Man.
So we get there and actually one of the first meetings we had in Buffalo, we're like full
team isn't even picked yet.
So we got this guy uh military man
sean sean brazel he's awesome like we you know he's big hockey guy his kids play like
so he was around and around and picking the team process kind of like leadership guy yeah like
seeing okay he's the best so they had him for the world cup of Hockey where USA kind of laid an egg. So he was like, right now, USA Hockey is like a joke.
Like, we got no credit right now.
So he goes, as far as this, we're sitting in the room, and he goes,
we got to bounce back right now from what happened at World Cup.
We're going to win this fucking tournament.
No shit.
So we're all sitting there like relax like all right i mean if he just says we gotta win
this tournament like we're here for the fucking mind as well like let's let's win this tournament
and then we started to catch some some heat man we we went undefeated in the in the group play
and then going into the the round or group play. And then going into the
round, or finishing the round, Robin, going
into the medal round, we were like,
man, let's do this.
Let's go for it. That's unreal.
Hawa, just jumping back,
not to the series, but man, what was it like
being on the ice? Probably not always
good, but Eric Carlson, man, can you
tell us how awesome is he? I mean, we all
see it, but is he a guy you almost model your game after a little bit?
I know that's a super high praise.
He hammers guys, though, although Carlson does sometimes, too, now.
He's a freaking animal, too.
Dude, this guy is, like, a freak of nature.
Like, watching this guy skate, like
He plays tennis for summer workouts.
He doesn't even work out.
Yeah.
He plays tennis.
I, likehe's one of those guys, like, sometimes, like, before games,
like, I'll watch, like, some highlights of some guys and be like,
get fired up and be like, wow, like, going to try and play like this guy.
Like, used to watch that guy all the time, this guy's highlights.
Like, he is incredible.
And then I'm out there playing against him.
I'll never forget the one play where he sauced the damn puck
from the goal line to the far blue, landed on an absolute C,
landed on a dime on Hoffman's tape,
and he went in and then proceeded to Forsberg.
It was just ridiculous.
It was absolutely ridiculous.
But that was the best dash I've ever had.
Yeah, you were like, I'll take it.
I'll eat that dash.
I'll eat that dash all day. And then just see me like 10 feet behind Hoffman like chasing I wasn't catching him and he scored and then and then I just nice play Eric nice play and that day I hit Jake
blind at the end of this year did it look like he might have had some words of encouragement
or something for you I mean not to ask you what they say but it looked like he was kind of you
know given that veteran recognizes in you a rookie with similar talents.
Was that kind of what happened?
Oh, man, yeah, a lot of nice things.
He kind of stopped me there, and we kind of just had a quick talk about,
like, you know, the series, and, you know, he said some really nice things.
It was like.
That's the best feeling.
Best feeling, like, ever.
A superstar coming up to you.
I'm like, wow.
Yes.
Kind of, like, acknowledging me, and he was like, the way you stepped in was, like, awesome, stuff like that.
And I was like, man, you're one of, like, my biggest role models.
Hey, man, thank you, man.
You're the best, man.
You get a stick?
It's, like, kind of, like, to pinch myself, too.
Like, you know, but he was awesome.
And then if you watch the rest of the playoffs, he had a great, great series against the Rangers.
And then Pittsburgh, too.
Like, he just, he had He had an unbelievable playoffs, man.
That guy.
Playing on one leg too.
I mean, he was dinging up too.
That was incredible.
You're broadcasting on half a stomach, dude.
Yeah, a little bit.
So who's more of a hero?
All right, so bring us back, way back in time,
although, fuck, for you, it's probably like,
what are you, 20?
He's not even 20. What a son of a bitch. So I want to say probably like, what are you, 20? He's not even 20.
What a son of a bitch.
So I want to say, like, go back to fifth grade, right?
Like in your teacher's.
Last year.
What do you want to be?
Like, were you, yeah, exactly, two years ago.
Were you the kid who's like.
He can't laugh.
Look at him.
He's hunched over when he laughs.
That is an interesting laugh.
Just grabbing your side.
I can't laugh, yeah.
I have to hold my sides because it's funny and it hurts.
Well, all right so listen so three
three years ago in third grade um did you always want to be nhl player has this been your dream
your entire life were you into other sports give me your background and growing up and starting to
play the game so i kind of ran the field and everything like uh football lacrosse baseball
played it all for long island correct long island yeah long beach i played for
my town for most of that and then always just came back to hockey like yeah i just always came
back it was always my favorite from from the start football i'd say it was probably my second
favorite i love football played it played i played linebacker and i played like i played like
linebacker and running back up until you know up until like
seventh eighth grade and then i was like hockey is dead in the middle of that season like if i'm
if i'm trying to do anything i can't i can't do both like so gave that up played lacrosse until
high school because that was a different season but then it'd be like all right like i'm you know
i got practice every day,
and I'm like, I've got tournaments this weekend.
I've got practice right after school from 3 to 5,
and I'm supposed to skate right at 5, so I'm leaving early and stuff,
and coach didn't like that.
But it always just came back to hockey.
It was always my favorite, and it was what I was best at. So ninth grade comes, and you start playing.
Where did you go to school?
Where did you play high school?
Ninth grade, I went to Long Beach High School go to school where'd you play high school ninth grade i uh went to long beach high school public school public school yeah dominated that
scene oh man i was like i i played i only played a little bit there i played for the new jersey
rockets that not a big deal so i played uh went from long beach to to newark. Every day? Three days a week. To play there. Take the train, man.
Oh, wow.
Thank God we had a locker room
we could set it up in.
If only you had podcasts to listen to.
Oh, man, I know. You guys are just a couple years
behind. We heard, well, last week
we had Keith D'Angelo, and he abandoned
his skateboarding career to become an NHL
player. We heard you were into the surfing bit
a little bit. Yeah, is this true?
You're a surfer?
We got a little Spicoli in the house today.
I was just home two days ago, actually.
I shot back up here for yesterday.
I just got back.
But we got that storm coming up.
Yeah, that storm going off right now.
Man, the waves were sick in Long Beach.
Really?
So my dad, his favorite thing was surfing, always.
Really?
He grew up surfing, yeah.
No shit.
He still surfs today.
He's 51.
He's still on his shortboard, just ripping it up.
Ripping it up.
He's good?
He's really good.
When he was a kid...
How high are these waves?
Are we talking like six feet or ten feet?
Like overhead.
Oh, all right.
You don't get like Jaws surf in Long Beach, but the waves are good.
And yesterday was the best they'd been, and I had to shoot back up.
A little rattled.
Diffley had to be the best surfer on that beach.
Oh, man.
I've still got to surf with Diff.
Me and Diff have been trying to  he says he's got boards for me.
He's got a photo shoot during his surf, though, so he's got to stay out diff me and diff have been like trying to he says he's got boards for me he's got a photo shoot during his surf though so he's no he just sits on his board and makes sure his hair
looks pretty that's what diff's up to when you got hair like that you got to do it yeah oh shit
yeah so all right so no golf no golf you're tragic golfer tragic golfer i gotta work on that because
honestly you ask everybody it's like What are you doing today Playing golf
What are you doing
I'm playing golf
Well I guess surfing
You can go off
But I mean dude
What if there's no waves
That day
There's always a golf course
Yeah there's always a golf course
Probably a good
I mean not even
Probably a hell of a workout
Though surfing
I mean as far as
Working body muscle and shit
Gets the arms going
Yeah it's good
It's a good workout for sure
Some ab workouts
You know that's why
I do the paddle board
Occasionally in Sitchward Harbor
Not a big deal.
So, all right, let's go through.
Usual summer day for you, you're in Boston, you're working out at BU.
So at BU, it's a bunch of alumni.
Is that pretty much the whole crew in there?
A bunch of alums, lots of guys from mostly the senior class when I was a freshman.
So you got Grizzie in there.
Grizzie's in there.
Jack is in there.
Matt Lane, Daniel Regan, those guys all playing pro right now.
Yeah, that's perfect.
And then you got Colin Wilson's in there.
A couple other guys.
Nunes is in there.
Where do you guys skate?
So I've been skating over at Warrior with a bunch of the guys.
A lot of guys are shuffling back in, so we're right there.
But, you know, Walter Brown's always got some ice down.
WB, dude.
WB.
Man, so your experience at BU, I was told that it was down between BU and Yale.
Those were your final two decisions?
Yeah, those were.
A little bit of a different.
Wow.
Like, how did that come about?
You're just in BC, right?
Suck at BC.
Dude, they never came knocking.
Wow.
Wow, huh?
What a fumble.
Are you Protestant or something?
Nice Catholic boy.
Couldn't get a bed.
So you end up going to BU.
No, I'm...
How much did you love it there?
And how much did Quinny help?
When it came down to it,
that was one of the biggest things was was playing for quinny yeah
playing for a guy who just such a knowledge of the game man he's a great recruiter huh
oh yeah the recruiting classes lately have been so unbelievable we we had
so just recently was was kellerbacher, Carlson, myself.
Greenway.
Greenway.
Those guys, a lot of that was Steve Greeley's work.
Yep.
And Grills.
Steve's really now assistant GM of the Buffalo Sabres, who I grew up with.
Yeah, he got all those guys, dude.
Grills, man.
He told me that when you first talked, you were nervous.
You were like, you were like it's
my sophomore freshman year of high school and i have no offers yet he's like you're a freshman
in fucking high school don't worry the offers will come but the game is is absurd now like i
know is it that nuts it's freshman year now you have to have offers it's like you're looking around
and if you're like anybody like you have a full you gotta you gotta have a full ride when you're
in like eighth grade it's see that they gotta fix that that's fucking no it's nuts because
because honestly it's sad but a lot of people who i know who had these commits like before me and
i'm sitting there sizing myself up and i'm like man i'm like him i'm like wow these these kids
got full rides and i don't got jack shit and then and then now it's fast forward four years later, a lot of where
these kids were committed in eighth grade,
they get
either they decommit or the school
decommits them because they're trying to push them back
for years. The school can do that? That's
bullshit if schools are doing that.
I don't know how it works because obviously I luckily
didn't have to go through anything like that, but I wonder
if it's just a mutual split if you're like, hey,
we don't have a spot. Or they're like, listen, you're not going to play.
I've had friends that the school has completely been like,
no, you're not coming here next year.
Yeah, because they were playing with you at Burlington High.
Exactly.
You were carrying their jockstrap.
Exactly.
I didn't even have fucking...
If you're riding Grinnelli's coattails.
I didn't have peach fuzz in the eighth grade.
How would I decide where am I going to be going to college?
But going back to Yale, man.
So you've got some brains up there.
Yale doesn't just offer scholarships to anybody.
Can they offer scholarships? No, they're not scholarships.
That's right, though. Those Ivy Leagues are all
financial. I think it's like
financially, it's like 10 of what your
parents are making. Like joint income or
something. That's what I do.
Free ride or 165,000.
Looks like BU. Do you think you'll ever finish school yeah i actually went back this summer did you yeah
the class for semester good for you dude i promised 10 years ago i would i haven't done
one yet i gotta do that i really do i was interested to see if you'd do that so you'll
think you'll get it you'll go all the way you have two more years fuck no yeah i got two years i'm
gonna be class of class of 2030 i'm gonna be walking with kids who aren't even born yet. Dude, you're still going to be playing in 2030.
You're going to be class of 2055 with your kids.
Hopefully, I'll have more trophies than any of your fellow graduates, though, if it is that far away.
So go into it a little bit because we tend to have a lot of groups of fans listen to our podcast.
You got Clayton Keller you played with.
You got Greenway.
Is it Jordy Greenway?
Jordan Greenway.
Jordy Greenway.
So guys who are going to be making you know a difference for Arizona and Minnesota tell us a little bit
about them and you know really kind of what their fans can expect from those guys I think both of
them will be in the NHL this year Keller especially yeah so Jordan actually decided to go back to
school he's going to go for his junior year yeah yeah but one of the cool things about him, and I don't think we're breaking any news here.
The Olympics this year is going to be college guys.
Oh, shit.
That's a good point.
So I think he's got a very good chance, if not already, a spot to play there, which is awesome.
Fuck, get to say he played in an Olympics?
But they'll also take pros from Europe, I think.
Pros from Europe, for sure.
So I think it'll be maybe like a half K,
get some guys from some good leagues,
and then college guys, a couple college guys.
Wow, he's a beast.
He's going to dominate college men this year.
Yeah, I've been working out with him a little bit.
He's having a great summer, so he's going to be excited.
I hope he tears it up.
I hope he just blows the doors off at school this year, just lights up hockey east and then it might be time all right nhl yeah
yeah i think that would probably be the timeline for him but cal's man is it true that keller
somebody asked him why why should we draft you an interview and he said would you pass up on
patrick kane is that true oh man i i heard that he plays like him though i heard that and i i wouldn't put that
by him though i there was another one he was like yeah like uh like where are you gonna get drafted
and he was like top 10 like why he's like because that's where i deserve to be or something like
that like yeah kevin's like oh man like so he was just in Boston last week. He was staying with me, man. He's one of my best buds.
But you want to talk about skill, man.
He's like, this kid's unbelievable.
If you actually put a player comparison, you'd throw Kane.
Yeah, you'd throw Kane or Johnny.
He's got the skill.
He's got the wheels.
His hockey sense, his deception, it's all there.
I heard he's like the hardest worker as well.
Yeah, he works his ass off.
He's driven.
He competes.
For a guy his size, you wouldn't expect him to come under your stick and just take it from you.
Because he's not this hulking guy.
But he does it.
He does it.
He's quick.
He's fast.
He's strong on his hands.
He wins battles.
He's a stud, man.
I hope he has a
real good year for AZ. Yeah, I think he will.
Charlie, I know the Bruins
didn't really get much of a sample size
last year because you only played in the playoffs,
but was there anything that they told you
specifically to work on for your game
going into this season, or they just
let you keep doing what you're doing?
Anything that you feel you need to work on as well?
I mean, you're only technically a rookie this year, but...
You can always get better, you know.
There's always something you can improve on.
No, it was, you know, we had like a little meeting
right before I left for the summer,
and, you know, kind of just mutual on the fact, you know,
to go get better and make sure that I come into camp,
you know, just with my head on straight
and, you know, just ready to go, ready to go get better and make sure that I come into camp with my head on straight and just ready to go.
Because getting ready for the 82-game season is something that I've never had to prepare for.
I play college.
It's not even half that.
I haven't played over 40 games in either of my two years there.
So now you've got to double that and some if you make the playoffs
and try and go on a run. so just trying to get ready for that and you know we kind of acknowledge that
there's going to be ups and downs and 100 you know like that they'll be you know just make sure the
highs aren't too high and the lows aren't too low and just try and you know stay good we'll work
together how do you gauge the expectations for this upcoming year i mean you're called a trophy
probably candidate coming up so like a lot of expectations
for you coming in we got people tweeting wet emojis at us guys by the way guys guys that's
really 2016 so yeah that's a good question though expectation wise are you looking at anything in
particular is it more like all right i don't want to keep numbers in it just play well play a lot
that type thing uh just to like just to do my thing man i'm looking to just pick up where i left off
and i think i've had a really good off season so you know like that stuff we talked about about
being familiar now like i know i know everybody's name like when i walk in the door like i know
you know i got faces to names with trainers like the guys who are going to help me you know stay healthy and you know everybody kind of just the support staff like
i'm in with them now like which is a great feeling to know like you have all these guys you kind of
have a relationship you can lean on all these guys so as far as like expectations like i really don't
put a ton on myself i don't really throw a number out there where i'm like wow if i don't hit that
it's a disappointing year. I just want
to play. I want the Bruins
as a whole to be a great team this year.
I think it's going in the right
direction, and I'm hoping that we're going to be good for a long
time. Mostly, it's
just excitement. I'm just going to play my best.
Is this last year plus
when you get drafted June
16? It feels like you're blanking
and it's over. Here mean, here you are.
You're going into your rookie year.
I mean, has it just been a blur the last year from BU, the playoffs, and here?
Now, like he said, you're probably going to be a called-up candidate this year,
whether you want to admit it or not.
You're definitely going to be getting eyeballed to that.
But what's the last year been like?
Has it just been like, holy shit, man, you're kind of blanking.
Here you are, an NHL regular.
Oh, man, it's just, like, it's been nuts. So many things, just so many, man, you're kind of blinking. Here you are, an NHL regular. Oh, man, it's been nuts.
So many things, just so many blessings to be thankful for.
Winning World Junior.
Wow.
I grew up, one of the best things that I was able to witness as a kid
was John Carlson scoring the game winner in overtime against Canada.
In Saskatchewan.
Yeah, I'm jumping up and down more than those guys were when that happened.
And then you're like, wow, I'm here.
I'm in the gold medal game.
Same spot.
Fast forward, what, seven years later, six or seven years later?
Like, boom, we're in the same spot, and I'm playing in this game.
Like, you know, I'm either leaving here with a gold or a silver.
And another shootout, that medal round probably took 10 years off my life but how
nasty is that kid chris terry is he like gonna be an hl troy troy terry troy terry chris terry
ahl guy if he listens you're always a great player buddy man he's he's sick he's sick he's like he'll
play in the nhl he's not just like a skill shootout no man i i i really i really hope he does, man. He's such a good player.
What a year for him, though, because...
Was he nails or what during that shootout?
Didn't give a shit.
It's like, you look at this kid off the ice.
He is the biggest sweetheart of a guy.
Just a little puppet.
Literally, if I had to explain him, I'd be like, this kid's adorable.
And the nicest kid.
And he goes out there, and it's
like absolute ice in his
veins. Like, three
on Samsonov,
who's probably the best
goalie I've played against in my age group,
that Russian goalie, man. He used to give us fits
my time at the program.
Like, just putting the
absolute wall against us. and he beat him three
times when he had to score like score or lose right it wasn't just like go first yeah your
goalie can make a save like if i don't bury it we're done yeah exactly and he goes out there
and buries it and then buried again and then joyoshi that's what the yeah literally internet
i got those shirts man like the not dana heatley guy came out this kid with the five-hole terry
shirts and like i dm'd him i'm like you gotta send me out this kid with the five-hole Terry shirts and like I DM'd him
I'm like you gotta send me one
so I got my five-hole Terry shirt
like oh man
I've been sporting it all the time
does pasta break 40 this year
or what
if he gets signed
he'll be signed
no
the fact that
the Bruins emailed the Globe
and went on EEI
to discount that dopey room
with like
no 100
he'll be signed
he's just gonna
he's gonna get paid yeah yeah
good for him the way of the league but he had 34 do you think how about dry sidles huh oh that see
that kind of fucked the bruins and so shirely is just still somehow hosing the bruins i mean dry
style could could have gotten even a little bit more to be honest with you i mean that guy is
a filthy player they locked up their core But right when I saw that deal,
I saw somebody tweet that Pasta would get
seven and a half a year for eight years.
I'm like, a full million less a year?
Have you seen the stats? They're pretty
much the same. Pasta has more goals than him.
So, I mean, that contract
really has kind of changed the game for Pasternak.
So, I think that if anything, though,
Edmonton's just happy that they locked up
their two guys. I saw something else.
Who would you, he won't answer, but would you rather have Dreitzile and McDavid making whatever they are?
21 million combined.
Or Taves and Kane?
Great question.
Are we mind-meldin' here?
Dreitzile and McDavid.
Right now, at the points in their careers, I couldn't even compare the two, I don't think.
Honestly, I don't know.
I might take McDavid and fucking Lucic just because McDavid's so good.
David and Grinelli.
McDavid and Grinelli.
Don't do that.
Oh, he's laughing.
He's in pain.
Hockey guy.
Hockey guy.
All right, so a little off hockey quick.
Are you a Yankees fan?
Oh, man.
I get this bullshit all the time.
Are you a Giants fan?
Are we going to have to toss him out of here?
I'm refusing to answer all these questions.
Wow, you are.
You're a Giants and Yankees fan.
No, so.
I'll give him props for his loyalty, man.
So I'll tell you this.
I'll tell you this.
I'll tell you this.
Baseball.
Like, love baseball.
I was young when the Yankees won it.
I think they won it a couple times.
John Wetland?
But the Sox was 0-4, and then more recently.
Baseball was never my favorite.
Like, hockey and football are my two favorite sports.
Like, love fantasy football.
Really?
I'm in love for that.
Like, Sundays, if we don't have a game or anything,
like, in college, it was great.
Like, nothing on Sundays. Boom, I'm watching football with the boys, like,ays like if we don't have a game or anything like in college it was great like nothing on sundays boom i'm watching football with the boys like all day like it's the best it's the best like you just watch football like you got your fantasy team
going like that's my thing like so football is awesome like baseball i'm like i was i was fine
with with kind of just inherit like socks inherit socks like because i'd go like the people at
fenway were always so nice like get me in there like go watch some gamesit Socks like because I'd go like the people at Fenway were always so nice
like get me in there
like I'd go
watch some games
and I'm like wow
like this place is awesome
how do you not like
if you look at that building
and you're like wow
I could root for these guys
but football will never change
oh
it's just so
it's just so hard
like I go from
I go from New York
to Mass
of course
like
why couldn't the Giants
have played somebody else in the Super Bowl because now course, why couldn't the Giants have played somebody else
in the Super Bowl?
Because now we have this
giant patch.
Yeah, but you're the only team
that can talk shit on us.
Like, the only team.
If you guys had beaten
the Giants twice,
then what do they have now?
The Belichick and Brady
have what?
They have seven.
They have seven?
But they also came close
to losing a couple.
But it's just like,
Giants fans are the one fans that can talk shit.
And even as a Patriots fan, I know all my friends,
I don't want to play the Giants ever again in a Super Bowl.
I really don't.
It would be so miserable because they could always have,
like, dude, 3-0, we don't care.
So at least you have a team that you're able to talk shit on a little bit.
But the Giants, they'll break your heart, too.
They'll win a Super Bowl, and then they'll go 3-10.
Then they'll go 3-12 or whatever.
What is it?
3-13.
They'll go 3-13 the next year.
You guys are in the hunt
every single year.
When's the last time
the Pats didn't make the playoffs?
I can't even think.
When R.A. had another gallbladder.
2000?
It was late 90s.
Actually, the one year
when Brady got his knee shredded.
Yeah, they went 11-5.
Yeah, they still went 11-5 with Matt Castle.
One time in 17 years.
That's a crime.
They went 11-5 and didn't make the playoffs?
Yeah.
Former team mid-yearers Nicky Roberto told me I had to ask you about the Ocho.
Oh, man.
He also said to ask about your rooming experience with greener oh god i thought the
ocho actually so at bu like one of my first my first year there actually my freshman year and
then the ocho kind of fizzled out but that was uh that was the swim house the swimmers the bu
swimmers oh some of the guys you know right in alston yeah right here like behind the rink and
stuff right yeah yeah like so walter brown it's like you go out of the front door walter brown
yeah yeah uh ripped it up on that yeah and uh eight wadsworth was actually like the location
so it was eight and called it the ocho and we go there all the time we we had a pretty good
relationship with some of the swim guys there and we had some fun times at the O Show, man.
Just pictures of Phelps everywhere.
You're like, all right, guys, let's go to the hockey house.
How come none of you guys have any hair on you?
All right, we're going to do it.
You said you're a fan, so you're familiar with All Right Hamilton,
our weekly segment where we take...
We got any good questions this week?
I hope so.
Decent, decent questions.
A little off the hockey record, first I'm gonna make Twitter names
and start sending in my own
do it
do it
make a couple fake Twitters
just like hey
tell Whit
have Whit talk about his best game
have Whit talk about his favorite clothes
just stuff about me
alright so
Blaine Adams
asks
Dream Power Play
anyone in NHL history
nobody can use the same guy twice
alright Hamilton
wow no guy can use the same guy twice. All right, Hamilton.
Wow.
No guy can use the same guy.
All right.
I like it.
I do it.
I like it.
I can go quick here.
That's actually kind of sick, yeah.
I can go quick.
Lidstrom up top
or Roman around.
Okay?
Love it.
Or Roman around
like Niedermeyer does
or Niedermeyer did.
Lidstrom up top.
We're talking umbrella here.
Dave Anderchuk in front of the net. Dave Andrzejczyk in front of the net.
Who else was amazing in front of the net?
Holmstrom, maybe.
Fuck, Holmstrom on your top power play unit ever, though.
Man, I'd have to think.
Halfwall, Lemieux, and Gretzky.
No Crosby?
Sorry, I took everyone from you guys.
No Crosby?
Oh, Crosby, when you pull the goalie, he goes over.
All right, who's got it?
I'll go Paul Coffey.
Bergeron.
Nifty Rick Middleton.
Glenn Featherstone.
We're going to kill the guy.
Which one's the new co-host?
Because he's trying to kill me off today.
I swear to God.
Paul Coffey.
I know he was more of a two-way guy, but Larry Robinson.
Neely. Gretzky.
Yeah, that's all right.
Did you say?
Everyone has to use Gretzky.
Like, dude, enough of that.
And then another forward, give me fucking Dino Cicerelli.
Dino, dude, will club you in the head, too.
A couple of mean guys out front, just fucking give him passes all day.
Oh, man.
Who's your favorite player growing up?
Leach?
Yeah, he's on the top of my umbrella.
So we got Leachie on the top.
I'm going Big Walt in front.
Yeah, dude.
Big Walt's sticking his ass in there. Big Walt in front.
Absolutely.
The goalie's not going to see a goddamn thing.
Big Walt, the legend.
Big Walt's in front.
Got to have Scotty N niedemeyer out there buzzing
around uh pavel burry is out there i got four guys just out like just wreaking havoc and then
who's my middle guy you said everybody's got to use gretzky no no no no you don't have who's my
who's who's a good bumper guy man adam oh nobody'sates. Nobody? Oh. Actually, that's my.
You can have him, Chuck.
That guy was apple sauce.
Wow.
That guy just set people up.
He just had, what do you have, a million assists?
No, a million and one.
A million and one.
Dude, he didn't even understand.
Like, that guy cut his blade in half, too.
If you ever look at Oates, and he would just baby sauce everywhere.
Yeah, his blade was like George.
I think I've named an all-lefty unit.
Yeah.
I mean, oh, you're a righty, too.
I'm a righty.
So, by the way,
do you know I can...
Any player I've ever seen
play hockey,
I can tell you
if he's a lefty or a righty.
I'm pretty good at that, too.
I'm probably the opposite.
Give me a name.
I'm terrible at that.
Give me a name.
I used to play that, man.
You've had to see him play?
If I've ever played against him
or seen him play.
Guy Lafleur.
Righty. Dude, you couldn't stop. him or seen him play. Guy Lafleur. Righty.
Dude, you couldn't stop.
It's a sick thing.
This and keeping score of golf cards.
I'm really good at that.
Hey, by the way, quickly, you mentioned Larry Robinson.
I didn't get to ask you.
You kind of remind me of him in a way because I was an offensive defenseman.
I didn't hit anyone.
You're an offensive guy, and you kill people.
So has hitting always been a big part of your game?
Is that the football in you, the nose guard stuff we talked about?
I'm like...
You run guys over.
Run guys over.
Fucking A, dude.
You don't touch anyone.
I don't know, man.
Do you love a big hit as much as a nasty apple?
No, no.
Sick apples.
I'd rather get on the score sheet for sure there's no bonus
for hits no exactly exactly can i get a hit talking about bonuses his eyes are flaring up
a bonus guy oh man no i mean but but i i like it's just a part of the game i think and i think
it's kind of like coming out of the game like Like even in college, like mostly like, you know,
throw a nice hit.
Like it's pretty much I'm sitting for two.
Yeah.
Maybe more.
But penalties that coaches are like every time.
Yeah, like we'll kill that.
Boys love it.
But I honestly like some of these hits,
like sometimes when I just see somebody coming,
like when they just have their head down like that, I just kind of like...
You just start grinning.
I feel like they almost deserve it.
You're going to skate around with your head down like this clown.
I've gotten clocked, man.
I've gotten hit pretty hard.
Everybody takes their licks.
And they're all because I had my head down.
And there's no other thing I can say except for, fuck, I should have had my head up.
I should have had my head up. All right. my head up all right you know one more all right now all right zach jen asked
if you have ten dollars to spend at a gas station what are you getting all right that's you're
buying a ten dollar water you're a water nerd you think i'm buying a ten dollar water i'm
buying a ten dollar scratchy bro. 10 scratchy all day.
If 10, if like... I don't dip.
I feel like a dip's a guarantee if you dip.
Probably two, I don't know, a couple Gatorades, a couple Hershey bars.
All my vices, you can't buy at a gas station, so that's probably about it.
I can always pack a Newport, a large honeydew coffee.
Oh, man.
What's going with a 10 scratchy?
What about you?
I'm a scratchy guy.
Or if I can pay Keno in that rest stop, I'll pay Keno.
Oh, man.
I'm like, when I go into a gas station, I honestly don't know what to get.
I'm not a huge candy bar guy.
All that stuff I look at it, and it's like my inner is like, you can't eat that.
You just want to.
You just can't.
Yeah, but you're like, you can't eat that you just can't yeah but you're like
you can't
wait till retirement
yeah
like you don't get
gas station food
if it's made
in the gas station
like no
like when you're
in a 7-Eleven
and they have like
pizza and wings
I dare you to eat that
the guy died from it
this past year
out west
in like Oregon
he had the nachos
he had the nachos
and he died
from the cheese
oh man
that cheese dude
oh
oh god on that on that on that note alright well He had the nachos, and he died from the cheese. Oh, man, that cheese, dude. Oh, yeah.
On that note.
All right, well, that pretty much wraps it up.
I got a golf tournament today, so I'm going to buzz.
Actually, just a couple of quick notes.
All Right Hamilton is brought to you by Plated.com.
No matter how packed my schedule gets between work and social life
and fighting around on the couch, I always make time for a good meal.
With Plated, cooking is more than just dinner.
It's me time.
I put on some tunes, pour myself a glass of vino,
follow plated step-by-steps recipes.
This week I'm going to be cooking this steak quesadillas there with the zucchini.
Plus, not to mention, guys, if you have a significant other,
nothing better than cooking for your wife or your man or whatever.
It definitely helps the relationship along, certainly. Significant Other, nothing better than cooking for your wife or your man or whatever.
It definitely helps the relationship along, certainly.
So you want to cook for your significant other all the time, and Plated makes that possible.
Plated.com makes that possible.
You know, the travel the world from your kitchen, the recipes inspired by cuisines all over the world,
Malaysian fish curry, lamb shakashuka from Morocco.
Not only does Plated do all the shopping for you, it saves all your time.
They send you the exact amounts of ingredients you need.
Their source and quality ingredients.
Artisanal mayo, they got that.
Even comes in its own adorable little glass jar.
I love spending time in the kitchen with my old lady.
Learn to cook.
It's fun.
It's rewarding.
Again, it does help your relationship.
And also, it gives you great food.
And that's what Plated.com does for you.
Also, you got a sweet tooth?
Plated even offers dessert options like no churn coffee, ice cream, and cinnamon rolls.
So guys, go out and give Plated.com a try.
Discover your ideal dinner experience.
Go to Plated.com slash Hockey to get 50 off your first Plated box. Again, that's 50 50 off for a limited time only terms do apply
see plated.com slash hockey for details one more time that's plated.com slash hockey give it a try
want to send our best wishes and best of luck to uh dave gaucher gaucher i'm sorry gaucher
gaucher how i've had dave gaucher i'm all over the road too many drugs this morning
legally prescribed um dave gaucher was the bruins play by play guy in the radio booth he left Dave Gosha, I'm all over the road. Too many drugs this morning. Legally prescribed.
Dave Gosha was the Bruins play-by-play guy in the radio booth.
He left to take over the TV job with the Las Vegas Golden Knights.
So he was great here for 17 years.
He was here 17 years.
He gave us two of the best calls in Boston sports history.
Get the duck boats ready when they won the cup,
and then the Bergeron, Bergeron when they come back against Toronto in Game 7.
So we want to send him best luck out there.
He's got a great opportunity.
And also Brian Murray, former GM of Ottawa,
passed away since our last recording. So we'd just like to acknowledge when we lose members of the hockey world
and send our condolences to any friends, family that were affected by that.
So we just want to send those words out.
And also huge thanks to Charlie McAvoy for for coming in man we really appreciate big fan of
yours i think um grinnelly and i were saying i think that in 20 years you'll have a norris trophy
to your name and it's it's it's wonderful that you went to bu dude i couldn't be more proud great
hair too hey great hair too we're a pump tire podcast you come in here you feel good about
yourself well actually thank you very much one more question I have, and it's from a hashtag from, I think,
after you got drafted.
Do you have a Simpsons-related nickname?
A Simpsons?
He loves the Simpsons, dude.
No.
I was not a huge Simpsons guy.
Okay, because I know there was a hashtag, Lardy.
Hashtag.
Oh!
That's like the inside joke, man.
Oh, that's a BU thing.
That's like Clayton and Greener.
And let me explain it,
because it sounds rude if I leave it at that,
but on The Simpsons,
I don't know if you ever watched it,
the logo for the fictional donut shop
is called Lad Lad,
and he's got the same fucking hair as you, man.
And, like, when you got drafted,
I think it was Jim Murray at 98.5 said,
the Bruins just drafted Lad, Lad.
And, again, the name sounds offensive, but it's funny because, like,
when you look at it next to each other, they look exactly alike.
So when they summoned hashtag Laddy, I was like, holy shit,
they actually call him that because, like, you know,
I put two and two together, but it wasn't four in this case.
Oh, man, that's hilarious.
All right, so what are your plans for the  I mean, camp stop you guys what another uh yeah rookie camp is september 7th
and then main camp september 14th so got about two almost two three weeks left to
last couple workouts get skating a lot and you know get in there feeling feeling good and ready
to go would you say you're in the best shape of your life today? I actually statistically have been from, like, a workout perspective.
Because, like, at BU, like, I have all my stuff there.
I've been working out there three years.
So, like, I actually have all that stuff, like, all those numbers and everything.
And actually, like, I have been.
What, your testing numbers?
Like, all that.
Like, body fats, like, lowest it's been, like, all that stuff.
Oh, shit.
As far as all that.
We had a killer summer, man.
Nice.
We did.
Just over at BU, anyone listening that's getting recruited,
come on down to ComApp, the good side.
BU Terriers.
Not a big deal.
All right, not a big deal.
I'm going to go off your shank one on the first tee,
but, Mac, thanks so much.
You've got to start with a shank, though.
Yeah, it only makes you feel good. You can only go start with a shank, though. Yeah, it only makes you feel good.
You can only go up from a shank.
I usually start with a whiff on the first one.
I usually just miss completely.
Here comes the putter throw.
All right, everyone, thank you so much for listening.
Peace out.
Take care.
Peace.
Peace.
Peace. there are 120 000 unsolved murder cases in amer. It was the next day that I found out from my parents what had happened, that my sister was killed.
Each one is called a cold case.
Sometimes you have to look really closely to find the evidence.
Damn it, I killed her.
Damn it, I killed her.
Cold Case Files, the podcast.
Garcia is walking into the home of a real monster.
I was nervous. I realized what kind of person I was dealing with.
It's a goosebump moment.
Download new episodes every Tuesday on the Podcast One app
or subscribe at Apple Podcasts or PodcastOne.com.
