Hey, Spittin' Chicklets listeners, you can find every episode on Apple Podcasts,
Spotify, or YouTube. Prime members can listen ad-free on Amazon Music.
Hello, everybody. Welcome to episode 412 of Spittin' Chipmunks, presented by Pink Whitney
from our friends at New Amsterdam Vodka here in the Barstool Sports Podcast family.
What's up everyone? I'm back in the big chair this week. It killed me to not get to Pittsburgh, but
you got to take care of your health. The season is in full swing and the boys are horny to talk
about it, so let's go around the table. See who's up. Me so horny.
Me so horny for some
money.
Hey, what can I get for 10?
All right. I mean, I think we should just talk
about R.A.'s back for the first 20
minutes. Let's talk about missing R.A.
You know, we missed the guy in
Pittsburgh and he says he's doing a lot
better, which is great. And
he must be seeing one of the most world renowned doctors because the guy
told him don't get PT, just go home and wait it out.
That's big time doctoring in my eyes right there, biz. No, I mean,
all right. When you told me that my fucking jaw dropped to the floor,
that's why we had to start late.
I think I should maybe get massage or some stem or, or, you know, no,
just sit on the couch, dude.
You'll be good.
All right.
I had fucking two appointments a day for a week and I feel great.
Everything's moving properly.
Like probably the worst possible advice.
Like who?
Who the fuck is?
No, sorry.
Who's your doctor?
The guy who's making those sandwiches?
The doctor's any boombox?
You're my doctor.
I give any boombox.
Who's your uncle?
On my 17th ankle surgery the guy
said actually just just go wait it out post-surgery i didn't do anything and it got it it got better
right away honestly though even if she had physical therapy for me i could barely leave
the house it was like agony just to walk to the bathroom let alone doing a hump or two it was
brutal dude i left the house once in like two
weeks to go to the doctors and then to get my hair cut the other day like have you talked to them
about like potential psoas work do you know what your psoas is i have no freaking clue paul so it's
like an area in your abdomen that a lot of the shit's connected to it it helps release your lower
back big time really all in that area i'm like uh they get you right here and you're like
whoa why are they pushing my stomach ah and then all of a sudden your lower back feels better it's
crazy all right you gotta look through your dms i know you've been having a lot of doctors reach
out to you why why did you raise your eyebrows like that oh i didn't even because dms are probably
filled with filthy porn and drug paraphernalia talk. I never realized how many doctors follow us.
You got to siphon through the bullshit, okay?
Because you told me that you didn't realize how many chicklets doctors follow us, right?
You could have a full F1 fucking race team, you know, fixing your body.
Like, you could be a specimen in no time.
Find the right doctor.
I think that you should get some, like, ART work done to get things moving around properly.
Take advantage.
Maybe you got a dry needler in there.
It'll just enhance the time of the until your back.
Yeah.
Full speed.
All right.
Well, it's more the nerve.
It's sciatica or sciatica.
How do you pronounce it?
I don't have to see.
That's what it is.
So it's like the back.
And then the pain goes to your ass and down your leg.
It's just it's like aliens and they're moving around or something.
Correct.
And like there's something that's causing that nerve to pinch right and it's more than likely muscle related
like what about inversion table have they told you to jump on an inversion table no
no i don't feel the same as when you hit your gravity bong and walk around the house it's the
same thing those flexorals boy they put you in a loop zone when you wake up in the morning
we gotta like we gotta get like ra ra goes to physio
behind the scenes that could be a youtube series but but i will say i was it was overwhelming how
many people reached out just our regular listeners fans like people in the sport media like all right
you all right i was getting texts from people i wasn't expecting jeff marrick texted me but
i think that video i put out of my pics i was looking bad there but what the reason i was
shaking so bad in the video because I was trying to flamingo
because I couldn't put weight on both legs.
So everything else was shaking. People were like, holy shit, dude.
You've got like Parkinson's. I was like, no, no, I was just flamingoing.
It's not that video.
I'm glad you brought that up because you weren't
on the show last week.
Why didn't you just sit down for that video?
I don't get it. I was trying to be a hodl, I guess.
Oh, so you kind of just wanted maybe a couple of those. I was trying to be a hodl, I guess. Oh, so you kind of
just wanted maybe a couple of those.
I thought you were starting a new gambling character.
For the content, yeah. For the content, I guess.
This is the guy who went to
Vegas for the bankroll. He's now smoking
crack with no money. This is my sciatic
special pick. The guy who hit his winnings in his
underwear coming back from... It's really going to hurt the bookies.
My sciatic pick of the week.
Vancouver Moneyline. Oh, it in the week. Vancouver money line.
Oh, it's six.
Oh, my God.
Yeah, I'm a lot better.
There it is.
Oh, my back.
Oh, speaking of Bruce, there it is.
We should say this now.
He didn't coach him when he was at Vancouver, but our guest today,
Ryan Kessler, the Vancouver Canucks and the Anaheim Ducks.
Unreal.
A long later.
Awesome interview. It's probably well over an hour.'re gonna love it but we're an hour and a half
wow is that that was an hour and a half hour and a half dude he just like it was we were just
snapping it around like he was in that fucking series pretty fair to say uh kess don't give a
fuck i would i would say of all of our guests he would challenge for the lowest of give a
fuck meters yes he would he would he would challenge for the lowest of give a fuck meters.
Yes, he would be right up there on the Mount Rushmore.
Thank you to the listeners.
Also, great feedback on the Nate Dog interview.
Funny enough, I mean, we now have Crosby and Nate Dog
that are possibly going to be looking for money
with the Sandbaggers,
considering they both claim to have started it.
Which I think is correct.
Apparently Crosby but i won't
stop talking about they're rich enough they're rich enough i mean they thought we went over his
contract but great feedback on the interview one of the most uh open i would say easy to interview
superstars in the game no doubt because he really doesn't care in terms of uh speaking his mind
freely and it was a blast to catch up with him so that was that was cool hearing the the people enjoyed it i am going to be hounding the airways for any of you chicklets listeners
anytime you see an interview with the mckinnon and he's dropping a cliche send it to us he is he is
adamant that he is not a cliche guy but it's difficult and maybe he's just being uh naive
unless you think do it are you are you all in on him not being a cliche guy?
It's impossible to not drop cliches occasionally.
There's 82 games.
He's talking to the media after three game skates after the game.
He will be dropping cliches here and there.
But all that I care about is now I'm on the other side.
Actually, we can talk about the article that clown Mark Spector wrote about
McDavid. It's a pretty good article, though, about how he's
way more open and willing to doing interviews
now. It's pretty interesting. I read it
today. But McKinnon, no matter
what, you're going to always have to drop
the cliches because there's just too much talking.
But being on the other side, you just appreciate
when they're giving an effort to
not drop them all the time. Do you know what I'm
saying? If you interview a guy, he's got nothing you're like jesus christ i'll tell you
what though i appreciate his apology to ann marcia uh we're appreciative of the season tickets and
you know maybe maybe even further they can you know maybe we can get together for thanksgiving
or something so we'll we'll put it in the mckinnon's court but it was good to get all that
wrapped up all right what do you got going? Actually, we interrupted Grinnelli during your intro.
What the fuck do you got going, buddy?
Absolutely nothing.
I'm such a fucking loser.
Another slow weekend in New York City, the most popping city in the world.
I'm not doing anything.
I don't even like going out anymore.
So it's just you have a girlfriend.
You have a girlfriend.
I know.
But it's like, why do you live in New York City to go out?
And I just sit on my couch all day.
I did.
Hey, I did buy my first piece of like legitimate art this weekend.
100 got swindled.
NFT.
Fake.
Already tanked.
Already tanked.
No, this one's not digital.
This stupid figure, plastic figurines that everybody buys, those hype beasts.
They sit in the corner of your room what are those called
I don't even know
but this piece show us this piece
of art right now no so it gets
here in two weeks but what this piece is
so my girlfriend's big into art she went to
art school so she was at this place where
you can buy these really like nice French
and Italian pieces of art
so I went in there and she's just
walking around and I sit down at the computer.
You sound like Ari's doctor.
To search.
Like a bowl of rigatoni.
And I just type in hockey.
And a chocolate croissant.
Because it's French and Italian, he said.
And I type in hockey on this search database
just to see if I can find a hockey poster.
And this beautiful 1960 painting of roller hockey
when it was in the Olympics
came up and it's gorgeous.
Kind of cool.
It sounds kind of cool because you're the chicklets cup guy.
All right.
So I had to buy it.
How big?
It's about three and a half feet. It's huge.
And what'd you spend?
Like 400 bucks.
And then I had to get it framed for another 175 so almost 600 bucks right
now with taxes so it's a it's still it's still less than the nft i bought so i was expecting a
lot worse wit i think it was a great find by you grinnell okay and the fact that it's roller hockey
and there's like some in italian roller hockey yeah you're Italian. I was hoping we could shit on you, but I can't really shit on you.
So I was speaking of art.
Speaking of art, look what's behind Biz's head.
He can't say shit about art.
That's a goyer.
That looks like the ocean and a mountain combined.
Not like the mountains behind the ocean, more just like the oceans in the mountains.
So I got the not a big deal thing here, but I haven't put two new holes in the wall.
Cause I rented this place and I got a reno going on. Actually,
I've had a posture and river start the documentation of it.
I bought this old Benny Gonzalez design house and they're going to document
it, but, but I'm renting my buddy's mom's place.
And it's a great little spot here near old town.
And I get to be close enough for the rental,
but this is the artwork that I think should remain behind me while I'm here.
No, I like it. Yeah. It's sweet. I got one piece of artwork in my office.
I don't know if I can turn this. How nice is this?
Seven full. Oh, nice. That old sandwich golf club.
One of the best courses in the world, but that's, that's, that's the art.
I never knew what the rest of that room looked like. I'm glad gave this room is absolutely pigeon i'm a pigeon so if you want to
ask what's going on with me um i caught the uh behind the scenes vlog we did of our trip to
pittsburgh it was great it was great the malcott stuff hilarious um a lot of different things that
we got to show in that video it wasn't super super long, but it was good. But I think people out there will understand what I'm saying.
When I look in the mirror, I see one thing.
But then when I see myself on video,
it's like I'm brainwashed to thinking I look a certain way.
I got fat face now.
I got moon face.
But that's after four days of nonstop drinking.
No, that was the first day of the trip.
I'm walking down the sidewalk when I say basically me and Merle's have three Stanley Cups without winning one.
But when I look in the mirror, I don't see that's how I look.
But, you know, like you believe you look a certain way and you've mind Jedi mind.
I got fat face.
It's fucking horrible.
I used to like pictures of myself.
Not anymore.
It's been a while.
Well, that's why you always send us pictures
of when you're like seven years old.
You love that.
Yeah.
No one in the world sends pictures
or post pictures of them as little kids more than R.A.,
which makes sense.
All right.
I mean, I thought I was ugly then.
I thought I was better looking.
Now I might as well go back to the sixth grade pictures.
But I usually don't like we're talking about a weird topic
I happen to have a goofy picture
Like when someone said snakes the other day
I found pictures of me with snakes wrapped around me
From Busch Gardens when I was like 10
I'm just a freak biz out
Did you see that one biz?
I had a big giant bow around my neck
No, I have a hard time keeping up with you online there, buddy
I tell you what, you're on there quite a bit
And sometimes in the wee hours of the night
You were just mucking it up No, actually, R actually all right the other day you had a post or something like it's like 5 20
a.m were you up till 5 a.m the other day yeah you know what it was i was dealing with this stuff here
and it wasn't like pain but it was like i couldn't i couldn't sleep finally i took like an extra
flexor i didn't fall asleep till like seven o'clock in the morning so like i was up just
doing doing work thinking i was gonna nod off from the flex roll but i i had that was the one I took like an extra flex. So I didn't fall asleep to like seven o'clock in the morning. So like I was up just don't don't work.
I was going to nod off from the flex roll.
But I had that was the one bad night of sleep I had.
But yeah, I'm a night owl anyways.
I mean, have I mentioned the flex roll story of when I went to Broadway?
I told you guys that.
Well, my wife, I don't even remember.
My wife got tickets to.
I remember.
What's the what's the broadway show it's about
like africa and stuff oh um the more kind of like what is it the mormon one um yeah
i've seen it so i'd never been to broadway and but my neck was mangled i think it was from the
train ride something happened so i just took a muscle. I had muscle relaxers on me. I was pumped.
Second row Broadway.
Fired up.
Never been to Broadway.
Ten minutes into the show, dude.
I was the most hated person.
There was people flipping out behind me.
Wake your husband up.
It's embarrassing.
The people in the play are looking at me.
I didn't know this.
My wife told me. we ended up leaving but i guess you know that's considered like no good no social to be snooze in second row at broadway those those flexor all things it's like getting a
dart in your neck i i couldn't even keep my i was trying you know when you're trying so hard
to stay awake but i'd had like a vodka soda it's just but i remember yes my my only like you snored
that loud where you were that disruptive i was snoring dude so did you ever go back and see it
or any other broadway plays biz no no those aren't cheap i 700 a piece or something like that i think it was like
off broadway at the time i don't remember exactly i just remember in a theater sleeping and then we
had our live show in pittsburgh i thought jesus christ if i could see the guy front row sleeping
i'd want to kill myself you should go hey yeah not a chance you'd be picking the guy apart
man you were buzzing
during that live show you and Armie were working
I was so
I was so fired up being out there
that was great
we're going to try to do one in Boston right
are we not even mentioning that yet
we can't mention
where and when but I mean it will be
in Boston for the Winter Classic
we're not going to say the day or when.
All right.
We can say that.
That'll be exciting.
I'm very excited to get our live show groove going, maybe two or three a year.
Also, I didn't know the Outdoor Classic game this year.
It's on January 2nd.
So that's interesting.
Maybe they didn't want to go against the Rose Bowl.
Although, actually, January 1st this year is a Sunday, so NFL too.
So it's kind of going to be interesting to see.
And I guess January 2nd will be the national holiday of New Year's Day.
So I don't know why I'm even talking about that.
But what's going on with the NHL already?
Well, I was just going to bring up one quick thing we did last week.
And I was surprised we forgot to was Sandbagger with Bugsy and Army.
We have not released uh we released the
behind the scenes video we didn't mention or show any of the sandbagger i think we're going to try
to tease it but it'll be coming out fairly soon pasha's working on that so uh thank you to the
whole crew who came out and filmed that and uh and the eighth hole you guys the t-box the eighth hole, you guys, the tee box, the eighth tee box,
something went down that I can't even describe.
You don't even know what the hell I'm talking about either.
You couldn't guess in a million years what happens on the eighth tee box
at Swickly Heights Golf Club, a beautiful golf course outside of Pittsburgh.
Amazing place.
But what happens on the eighth tee will will shock you forever so look forward to
that coming out maybe mid late November a little ball tickle we're gonna tease three weeks maybe
we'll we'll send out a little player in the next couple days uh on Twitter social media follow us
on there and you'll get a little bit of the in-depth look you guys added some new rules too
though to the sandbag didn't't you? One thing we did.
We did.
We'll wait.
We'll wait.
We'll wait for that.
We're just going to tease you right now.
OK, we'll just tickle in the nuts.
Blue balls.
Just just, you know, trying to get to the hockey.
This is what you just recuperate all week.
Last week, you guys had a long week, man.
It was a it was a long one.
Then we went back to TNT.
We're going to get to that because we ended up watching a few fun teams.
We saw Florida, which looking very thin on the back end we had kachuk on the new mr tnt self-described uh and then we had philly as well so we got to watch them closely had some fun with
talk i know you haven't mentioned uh later in the outline but off the top here congrats to anson
carter him and uh him an owner, they ended up purchasing
the Atlanta Gladiators of the ECHL.
So they're going to bring that organization
and grow the game in Atlanta in a new direction.
Derek Nesbitt, I think that he's still involved
in the team to some capacity.
So they're going to grow the youth program.
So really cool to see my counterpart there on TNT
get ownership of
an echl franchise so big ups to him and uh but got home ra and i was actually talking to grinelli
before we uh got going here i won't be too long-winded but yes got some good hikes in got
the body nice biz when you're hiking biz we love it it. Yeah. Yeah. Yes.
Tell me about it.
Yeah.
Oh,
when biz is eating right and hiking and feeling good,
he is the balls.
Yeah.
So very came into this one.
Very fresh minded.
Cause sometimes I come on here and maybe my hot takes or,
or analogies aren't so great.
And sometimes I might even sound close to as dumb as wit and his
predictions,
not quite there,
but I am ready to go with the hockey talk.
Hey,
asshole,
you want to go over predictions since our fucking idiot,
since you and I,
Vancouver Canucks,
they're horrible.
You said the Buffalo Sabres were looking for the first overall pick,
bro.
If you want to go back to takes on this show,
since we,
there's nobody who has revived my takes
crushed your tanks take quick at this point right now if sabers won the cup i'd probably be getting
a float on the fucking parade for what i've done to revive their organization since i started
barking at them look at you tilt your head back uh chicklets cup launched a beer there get no i know i know but piso and molson on the sand
bagger we have revived the organization i'm waiting for a fucking call from the pagoulas
to thank me for everything i've done for them i shaved your head in front of 30 000 people
you called the maple leaves you're going to win three years ago you should have no foreskin
and and i don't even know what else you said um the list goes the
list goes on and on you said the coyotes were gonna make the playoffs last year i think i'm
fucking paid to say that all right all right don't you sit over there quiet you had fucking
auto winning the cup yeah yeah okay whatever you got me on that one uh speaking of the bill
we got to thank everybody who's been buying the big deal bro and all over the place sold out
everywhere sold out every pocket i had a case dropped off last week first round i whacked about
eight of them back sitting here they're so good they're so crushable so just a normal tuesday
oh fuck you you've seen those new big deal brews that just dropped i'd say at least a 12 pack let's
get that thing loosened up oh yeah i gotta have a couple my brother my brother calling though he'd be honest and he told me
yesterday went over to his place watching football he said these are unreal and then he sent me a
picture like six hours later he's still drinking them so i knew he wasn't lying his wife's a big
fan they're a solid solid beer and you can have a bunch of them so thank you to everyone who's
been giving him a shot all right thank you for bringing that up before we really dive into the hockey.
I did see that picture that you posted, buddy, when you were watching TNT.
To everybody in the original six states where it was launched,
the response has been insane.
We thank you.
We love you.
We love all the photos you're sending.
We're trying to snap the love back.
Because of the response to it, we are trying to speed things up
as far as launching in other states quicker.
We're hoping that every two, three weeks we can do the cards again and have somebody launch it in in each of these states that will be coming sooner rather than later and as far as everybody in
canada who's been asking for it things are progressing very quickly we don't have an
answer for you just yet we are hoping as soon as possible and within striking distance.
I,
I want it in Canada as much as anywhere.
I love all you can fucking crazy Canucks.
And I love that you're bitching because you don't have it yet.
We're going to get it to you soon.
So thank you to everybody for,
for helping the brand out and all the suppliers and everybody who helped
restock the shelves and,
and help with this amazing launch.
A lot of border towns though.
If you're from Canada, a lot of border towns have the beer so just drive over the border grab it and
head back oh yeah that's really you gotta hide it though they'll bury you with taxes bringing it
back i think don't they do that if you don't claim it oh yeah no clue i live on the edge
even with like a case of beer they'd hit you with that just just i think you get one case of beer if
you're there for like three days i think you get one case of beer if you're there for like
three days i think you're allowed up to two maybe without paying tax but just tell the hey tell the
border agent you're with spit and chiclets and i'm sure they don't give a shit bring 10 yeah
big oh is that that podcast that idiot piss and that works on all right gang before we get to the
pucks let's talk about pink whitney for a minute right now we have all four sports in season so make sure you're all stocked up on pink whitney but if you're not then head over to your
favorite local bar to order a shot of pink whitney or mix it with some club soda if you prefer
either way enjoy that tasty pink lemonade favorite vodka pink whitney all right boys we're already
two weeks into the new season there are quite a few surprises around the league but the buffalo
sabers have to be the biggest winning four their first five games including a sweep of the three western canada
teams unbelievable they've outscored opponents 22 to 11 and the goaltender has been terrific so far
eric carmy two of his three starts he's won he's got a 930 save percentage he became the first
sabres goalie to record back-to-back 40 save wins. 41-year-old Craig Anderson, 2-0 with a 1.00 goals against
and a 970 save percentage.
Alex Tuck had his first career hat trick.
He's got seven points in five games.
But Rasmus Dahlien, I know you want to talk about this guy.
The first defenseman in NHL history to score in each of his team's
first five games of the season.
This kid's still only 22 years old.
Have you been watching him much or what?
I know you said they're legit now, Buffalo.
Yeah, well,
this is a dream start for
this team. And Biz and I argued
a bunch over the offseason and early on
about, you know, he still thought this team
wasn't near ready to win or near ready
to compete for the playoffs. And I completely disagree.
Now, granted, this start has
been out of this world. It's not going
to continue like this. There's going to be ups and downs, but they are here,
and they are going to be challenging for the playoffs the entire season.
I don't think that they'll get in a top three spot in their division,
but I believe that they'll be right there for a wild card.
Funny enough, if you take them, Ottawa, and Detroit,
one of them's definitely getting in,
and you'll see maybe one really kind of fall off,
and then maybe be another one that doesn't get in and fights till the end.
But three interesting teams.
But when I go to Buffalo and I go to Darlene, I got to give Granado a lot of respect in this,
because this guy went through hell and back, it felt like, the last few years,
and he dealt with all this bullshit.
And finally, when Eichel left, things seemed to change.
We saw the vibe of the game that he was, things seem to change. We saw the vibe
of the game that he was back and they won. We saw Alex talking how much he loves being a saber. He
looks great already this year, but Darlene's the big piece to me only because he's that first
overall pick. It's been a little while. And now last year you saw the offense, but there's just
certain turnovers and there's certain lapses of judgment defensively that really kind of
hurt the team five on five,
even though you're producing that well as a defenseman,
being a defenseman,
you still got to play in your own end.
That's been great this year.
He's playing with an edge too.
He's kind of a motherfucker,
motherfucker to play against out there.
He skates so well,
his skill is so great.
I think had any defenseman ever scored his first four games.
Now he's at five and he's showing that he could actually lead this team in scoring.
Like it would not be surprising to me at all.
I know Roman Yossi had 96 points last year.
Am I expecting that?
No.
But if he got 80 points and I was talking Grinnelli for the over 55 call or something like that.
That's what I'm saying.
I know.
It's looking pretty good now.
But dude, the way this guy is in the offensive zone, he really can can play offensively like a forward can his vision, his skating, his shot.
And it's just changed the team now that there's many things to this team that I wonder if
kind of is able to is going to be able to stay this way.
Goal tending is the biggest one.
Anderson Anderson has to be able to stay healthy.
He's 41 years old.
I don't know if that's possible.
But if Comrie, who is playing, if he Comrie, who could be a hidden gem, man.
He came from Winnipeg.
He looked good over there at times.
And now he's kicking phenomenal.
But the teams they beat, they beat Florida.
They beat Calgary.
I think they lost to Florida.
They lost 4-3 to Florida.
Okay, that was the game they lost, right?
But still a great game. Very engaged. Tuck and Kachuk were going at it. They're fucking competing3 to Florida. Okay, that was the game they lost, right? But still a great game.
Very engaged.
Tuck and Kachuk were going at it.
They're fucking competing their balls off.
And they're the youngest team in the league.
And you can tell there's a culture change there.
And that's not at all me saying Jack Eichel was a problem there.
We've been over that.
But it's just the fact that he's gone and that the questions no longer have to be answered and that they have their core so dylan cousins doesn't even really get mentioned stud
absolute baller this kid john peterco who's i think a second rounder in 2020s german he looks
great and then this is without getting anything i think jack quinn's played three games has no
points hannah stroza who biz you saw in ari? How good he buzzes to assist in the in the first two games?
I think he was in the lineup.
Yeah, they you could you could take over.
But this team isn't really going anywhere.
It's because they play a certain way.
They are exciting and they're fast.
And the youth, the youth is so contagious with that team.
And then the fan base is just so rabid about them that i think it's an
exciting time to be a sabers fan i don't think they're going to continue like this but they're
going to be there all year i'm telling you yeah i'm well i'm not going to apologize for being too
hard on them and i'm i still need to see a lot more like like let's just even look at this little
stretch they got now they just went to western canada and they swept the trip incredible job
credit where it's due they had this team prepared right from fucking puck drop coming in the regular season to compete
was saying that they're going to be a lottery pick team by the end of the year maybe a bit too harsh
okay sure maybe i'll say that but they got montreal they got chicago and the crack in the
next three games those are games now if you're going to consider yourself of a higher stature,
you got to win two of the three.
You got to string some together.
Seattle looks good though.
Seattle looks a lot better than they did when I fucking chirped them during
the first and second intermission,
when they were playing St.
Louis the other night on TNT,
because before that guys,
just a boring team to watch with not much identity,
but you look at their roster and they got some fucking gamers.
And I know I'm jumping around.
Let's go back to Buffalo.
I'm going to keep a close eye on them and see what they can do against these teams
that they're fucking supposed to be.
Cracking aside, hey, I know Montreal's playing good hockey,
but if you want to be a playoff team, these are games you can't miss.
You got to be able to string
some together after proving that you go out west and beat some big boys so i mean congratulations
you cost you caught calgary on an off night they've had a few emotional games whoopty fucking
do let's not plan the parade but congratulations on a team that needed needed to have a good start
it's crazy though like i'm just going through the lineup dahlien 22 tuck 26 like
tuck that's not very old 26 years old he's got seven points in five games olivson 27 middle stat
23 that's a player to keep your eye on because that is a guy if middle stat if middle stat can
get 50 60 points during the playoffs he's yeah i heard it here first then you go like peterka 20 tage thompson
24 cousins 21 it's nuts dude how young they are not even mentioned owen powers 19 it is going to
be a tough thing for them to deal with their division and how many good teams are in the
eastern conference but this team's this team's fun to watch i'll say that and i remember watching i
remember buffalo being on tv and just being like, oh, Jesus.
Now I'm going to ESPN Plus.
I'm tuning into their games.
Partly because of my reputation.
Let's see halfway through the year how these 4 a.m.
bar closures take care of them.
Let's see if they're not getting sucked in.
And there's a lot of big deal brewing up there.
There's a lot of big deal brewing.
And I'll tell you what, Buffalo, it's a sleeper town.
It ate us and spit us out at Chicklets Cup.
These guys got to do a whole season.
We'll see.
And the Bills are doing as good as they're doing.
They're getting dragged out on Sundays to celebrate, so we'll see.
Let's pump the brakes a little bit.
I understand six games or whatever it is, five games,
but let me tell you, it could have been a hell of a lot worse.
And when you start like this, it's, five games. But let me tell you, it could have been a hell of a lot worse. And when you start like this, it's only five games,
but it's a culture change and it's an attitude where you're like,
all right, we could do it.
People don't, people, fans don't understand that.
Like when you're like, it's been five games, who cares?
Like, dude, that could change an entire vibe around a locker room.
Like if you start one and four, it's like, oh, what are we doing again?
Now they have the confidence.
Absolutely.
It does feel like they turned a little bit of a corner here.
They're not over the hump yet.
It's still a lot of ways to go, but early in the season, it feels
like things are going to turn around a little bit for the team.
I'll tell you this, though.
I'm going to hammer them on the Barstool Sportsbook
app that whole
three-game stretch there.
What's the
when you got the two goals the puck line or the money line the puck line is my puck lines when
you're laying minus one and a half goals you got to win by two or more i'll remember when every game
every game i'll do that remember when that we should mention i think they were a different
team but i think they were like leading division a couple years ago and won 12 of the final 60
games kind of like how the bills did for a while they'd start out four and oh be up on the division a couple years ago and won 12 of the final 60 games. Kind of like how the Bills did for a while.
They'd start out 4-0, be up on the division, and then...
The Bills are a wagon now.
Not right now, I know.
But who else we got, R.A.?
Anything you guys got to say on the Sabres?
Anything that we're not covering?
I will not put out a wagon shirt for the Buffalo Sabres.
Don't even think about it.
I've gotten lots of tweets.
I've gotten death threats saying,
don't do it, Grinelli, don't do it.
So hand up now, not doing the wagon shirt.
I'll tell you this.
If they go 3-0 in these next three games,
we're dropping it after the Canadiens game.
That's the third game.
That's on you.
You made that decision, not me.
Death threats send them business way.
That's a win-win.
He gets the merch money,
or he could say, I told you this team sucks.
Are they going to buy into the hype?
Are they going to remain focused and keep off their phones
and not worry about the wagon shirts?
They can call us whatever they want.
We're going to keep winning some hockey games.
Biz, I've been looking at them.
Yeah, I've watched a few Sabres games.
They're getting this much production already,
and they still have guys that haven't even scored yet.
I don't think Jeff Skinner's had a goal.
A bunch of other guys on the depth there haven't scored. So
the best is yet to come, I'd say, for this team.
That's my take anyways.
Another team that people
didn't have expectations for much. The Philadelphia
Flyers. They started out 4-1.
They lost yesterday 4-2 now.
It's early, but again, culture change
is already happening. It's already paying dividends. Just those
first few games, they looked the opposite of the team
we saw last year at Philadelphia.
Big reason why? Kind of hot.
4-0 with a 1-7-5
goals against, 9-4-9 save
percentage, and they've somehow done it
winning only 38
of their face-offs. That's insane.
38 of their face-offs, and they're somehow 4-2.
On Sunday, though, however,
Hazy and Konecki did get benched in the
third period. Torch was asked about it he said I'm just
going to keep that in the room the team is also
going with a captain for the first time since
92-93 in the very
first game only Scott Lawton wore the
A Tortorella said because I don't think anybody
else should be wearing it right now I don't think anybody
shown me that Lotz has so
they look like a much different team but how long can they
maintain this level Paul before they maybe
feel like an asshole in the locker room if you're lots eh the boys must just be oh yeah the one guy
scotty one guy man you're the one guy hazy must just be going keep in mind they're boys uh have
you heard why hazy got benched did you end up seeing i'm pretty sure he has no idea why. Here's the thing.
Hazy has eight points in six games.
Konechny has seven points or six points in six games.
At the time, were they down 1-0 when they got benched already?
Did they get benched for the entire third?
This is the mind torpedoes that these types of coaches throw us.
My argument, and there's no doubt,
he was going to come in and he was going to make these guys play hard.
He's able to do that.
He's able to completely change like a mindset of a team.
But when is the point of like, all right, well,
let's try to win this game against the lowly Sharks Sunday night
and not bench these guys who are my two leading scores?
I mean, maybe they did something that was worthy of getting benched.
But to me, it's like, all right, let's maybe talk to him after,
but try to get this dub first.
Maybe that's why I'm a podcast host.
And I could never think of even coaching a Peewee team.
But it was surprising to see as you're down one,
nothing or whatever it was to bench your two top scores.
Yeah, because it's because the points are so valuable.
And against a team like that, if you continue to roll them out,
if they could just get it tied up, it's you know you got to do it there if you're if you're getting
speed bagged 5-2 by exactly him and you're in the third then you set your example but yeah maybe it's
maybe he thinks that lesson's worth showing his team now in the season given with where they are
and i'll say this i watched the game when they were on on tnt and fuck do they give up a lot
of like odd man rushes and they have a lot of breakdowns and they're giving up a lot of high
quality scoring chances a lot of which were with d'angelo on the ice and i'm not shitting on him
because i think he does a lot of amazing things with the puck and one of the things that was
communicated apparently from torts them is he wants their d-man playing fast but and this could
be for a lot of
teams like early in the season like when you're supposed to go over and like cross as defenseman
and normally most teams who are pretty structured you want your d staying on the same side but there
was multiple multiple multiple times where there are just these little breakdowns and odd man
rushes against like florida was eating them alive and if it wasn't for that felix kid who's i think
it was his sixth nhl start i don't know what to say his last name you can look it up grinnell
but he saved their bacon numerous times we actually me and talk at an argument about the
one goal so as as good as their record is they're not that good they that like unless they clean
things up as far as the high quality scoring chances there's no way that they're not that good they ain't that like unless they clean things up as far as the high quality
scoring chances there's no way that they're going to be able to get the sustained goaltending but
because fuck when i say breakdowns i mean like full-fledged half ice like they gave up a two
on one d'angelo then right back the other way and then verhage had a breakaway like same shift how
the fuck can you give up a two-on-one and then a breakaway? That's Felix Sandstrom, Biz.
Felix Sandstrom.
I thought, hey, I'll tell you what.
I think Carter Hart has been tremendous.
This kid against Florida, he made some insane athletic saves.
Without him, they would have lost that game 8-3 or whatever the final was.
But we'll get to Florida later. But overall, from what I saw from an eye perspective,
they've been out to a very fortunate beginning.
I wonder if he's just making an example of them.
Even if they didn't, the both of them didn't necessarily do something wrong,
maybe just to show the rest of the team.
That's psycho shit.
Yeah, just do the head game.
That's insane shit.
That's like Dr. Evil.
Also, we want to send our best wishes to nashville's uh
mark borowicki borowicki the other day versus philly he got injured with that awful awkward
collision behind the net they had to take him off on the stretcher to be uh precautious but
he was conscious moving all his extremities he's he's home and resting now but you know he's a
tough fella and wasn't even during a fight it was just a an un what do you call it inadvertent
check he got buried right into the boards it was real tough to watch but it was a versus philly so i want to say i say best wishes to him so uh fly
as a playoff possibility or is this gonna no go off the hill okay no dice all right moving right
along in the same in the same breath though like they're not gonna be last year if they're able to work out those issues once,
apparently Ellis has done for the year, but fuck it.
They could get him back, man. He is a competent, competent top four,
but right now they're missing a wrist,
the line in and they're missing Kateria,
who's a big piece up the middle,
a guy who can shut down other teams, top lines to relieve some stress.
We're like, like, you know, hazy and those guys, he's more of a playmaker. He wants to play with
the puck and, and, you know, and even play a little bit more run and gun. Kateria can like
chew up a fucking, a really good center across the ice. So they, if they get those guys back
and they can tune things up defensively, I could see them competing just because torts will keep
them engaged in the fight, but they got to get healthy and they got to work those those fucking issues out
the way i described it on the broadcast wit is d'angelo's a riverboat gambler like the modern
day version i i it's hard to even compare him to somebody else like brett farb but he wouldn't
steal money from taxpayers and poor people like an absolute scumbag.
He is a gunslinger.
He is a gunslinger. Before we continue, guys, I need to talk to you about Chevy.
From Bolt to Blazer, Equinox to Silverado,
Chevy EVs are for everyone, everywhere.
A few of Chevrolet's beloved and best-selling have been designed
as electric vehicle models powered by UtM for an all-electric future.
Equinox EV, Blazer EV, and Silverado EV are powered by UTM.
Now that's one heck of a hat trick.
Chevrolet has electric vehicles available now.
Buy now the Bolt EV and the Bolt EUV.
Reserve now the Blazer EV and the Silverado EV. They're affordable. You
don't have to be rich to have an EV. All-star capability on a rookie's budget. With an
established full-line brand like Chevrolet, we can offer multiple EV vehicles with the volume,
variety, and the value customers all over the world have come to expect. If you need space for
the whole team to be comfortable or want an affordable, fun EV that can go the distance, Chevrolet is where it's at. Over 2,000 certified
EV dealerships, along with a growing network of public charging stations to help you live electric.
Finally, charging won't put you in the penalty box. The lineup is the Bolt EV and the Bolt EUV,
skills that leave the ankle burners in the dust.
The Equinox EV is room for your entire bench like where Biz sat.
And the Blazer EV is a team beauty.
The Silverado EV is room for the starters, their boots, and their lumber.
So Chevy is where it's at.
Check it out now.
Thank you.
All right.
Now on the other end of the spectrum is Vancouver.
The Canucks have yet to win in six tries. 0-4-2, the only winless team in the league right now on the other end of the spectrum is vancouver the canucks have yet to win in six
tries oh four and two the only winless team in the league right now they're also the first team
to blow multiple goal leads and lose four straight games a new nhl record team had a players only
meeting after just three games and their own coach bruce bruce budro said his team looked
quote afraid to win and mentally weak and that we're being way too cute. The penalty kill is less than 50.
They've allowed seven goals on 13 power plays.
27 goals allowed is the second worst.
And then the other night, their home opener.
I don't think I've ever seen this before.
They had a home opener.
They got booed for the last five minutes of it,
and then they tossed jerseys on the ice.
Just an awful scene for a home opener.
And then after that, GM Jim Rutherford went on.
He said it was hard to watch
and that the team structure isn't good they had a bad camp and we may very well be in a rebuild in
the direction we're going he was on after hours after the home opener nuts yeah which guys i was
watching that for you american listeners this is this isn't like a two minute in and out this is a
good 15 minute conversation. And, um,
Ari, I think that you just mentioned it. The one thing that stuck out was like,
we didn't have a good training camp. It's like, you didn't have a good training camp.
Like, Holy shit. After, you know, a season like last year and with all these young guns and
expectations, like you think that you would come in and I mean, you, I'll tell you what, like,
yeah, maybe Philly isn't there and they're
having some breakdowns but i tell you what they were ready from puck drop to win some hockey games
because you knew they had a fucking training camp where they were going to be alert and attentive and
and minor details to the game we're going to be a paid attention to and playing a certain style is
all cute and dandy if you got all these skill players but guys if you ain't paying attention
to the details of the game you're going to get fucking bent over at this level you could also
blame the fact that we talked about it in the previews that their back end is a little bit
banged up and they don't have but guess what guess what so is florida's and i see the way that their
skill fours fucking compete and play and make it work and make sure that they're relieving pressure
off of that along with good goaltending which Vancouver has as well they're fucking making it work I don't
give a shit about what excuses you have the time is now man you keep hearing about I also mentioned
I thought that they rushed the rebuild mind you they did get their best player out of it but
and now apparently I don't know if you read this with the fucking, they're harassing him at the pumpkin patch,
JT Miller.
That's what it's like playing in Canada,
man.
The sky's falling right now.
I don't know if there's any truth to this story,
but he's trying to get away with his family.
I could only imagine the vessel,
the brain vein that would pop in your forehead.
What if you're at the,
you know,
in Edmonton at the pumpkin patch or your family.
And all of a sudden some guy comes grilling you about you snapping around
the power play, you might fucking smash a pumpkin off his head.
I'll tell you, yeah, then he'd probably be a lefty and pump my eyes shut
and get beat up by a fan and be minus eight through four games.
Let me say this, though, about Vancouver.
The most alarming thing is people throwing each other under the bus already.
Gross.
We got Rutherford, who, without saying it,
basically said Bruce Boudreaux is a horrible coach.
Seriously, what are those comments?
We had a horrible camp.
He said we play with no structure, or we need some sort of structure.
We need better structure.
Then Boudreaux saying how unprofessional the players are.
It's just passing the buck,
passing the blame.
And it's amazing to see because I picked this fucking team to be top three in
the Pacific for Christ's sake.
What was I thinking?
They suck.
And,
and,
and there were expectations because of the record being that good when
Boudreaux took over last year
but it was kind of evident in the summer when they were possibly they they didn't give them a
extension they didn't give Boudreaux an extension they were calling around looking around for a
possible other coach no we're going to stick with Boudreaux and then five games in you're carving
the camp you're carving the preparation as the president and then the coach is carving the camp. You're carving the preparation as the president. And then the coach is carving the players.
And it's just like, holy shit.
But I'll say this.
I hate Vancouver Canucks fans.
One of the worst group of people in the world.
But I feel so bad for these players.
And the reason is like I was in Edmonton for all these years when we sucked.
And it sucks.
It is so brutal to lose in pro sports sports it's brutal to be on a college team
and to be losing let alone in canada in the nhl it's like so you mentioned that the the possibility
whether it's true or fake of of jt miller getting abused by fans at the pumpkin patch looking for a
hayride for his son and you just think back to I think back to the days of eating a steak and just being told how much I
suck at Earl's in Edmonton.
I'm at the West Edmonton mall looking to get a new pair of kicks at Aldo.
Can you fucking leave me alone, please?
And it's not fair to the players, but at the same time, that's what it is.
It's pro sports.
You make a lot of money and people are going to say what they want to say.
And they're going to chuck jerseys on the ice.
But for JT Miller to sign this summer
and then have the quote today,
they could throw their shit on the ice if
they want to. It's just
such a toxic
environment there right now and it's so
early in the season.
Boys, they got Carolina tonight.
They haven't won a game
and they're playing one of the best teams
in the league. So what's going to happen in this game and how long can it continue to have
Boudreaux there or to have this core there?
I mean, when Rutherford says,
maybe we're going to end up being in a rebuild with how we look right now,
there's just as a fan of the Canucks, you're just like, what is going on?
How is this happening this early in the season?
And to be that separate and to be that off base with
each other as terms of the president and the coach and then the players and having a players only
meeting three games in now i will say before i turn over ra or whatever the only bright side
may be they had two goal leads in the first four games so there was times they were they were
playing well and even putro mentioned in the Buffalo drubbing that they played amazing in the second period.
They're down 2-1, and then they get outscored 3-0 in the third.
So I think two of them were empty netters.
But they have played some decent hockey and stretches.
It's just not being able to finish a game.
But for me, it's looking at the pass and the block and playing the blame game.
That is what's scary when you look at an entire organization and team and i think that it was the two goal lead thing that would drive a fan to be mad enough to
attack jt miller at the end of the hay maze now some of you fans might say you know you have the
right to do that because the amount of money he's making and others will say that i think that the
person who met him at the end of the hay maze deserves to be behind bars so i think we can move on from the canucks i think we've gave him enough of a tongue lashing now
do you guys think that a possibility of of changing coaches like do you think that that
could happen this soon in the season you mentioned they're playing carolina they're playing a carolina
team who just lost on the road to to edmonton and calgary and calgary i i they're gonna trump them so so like
they're like rod the bod had a 5 30 a.m wake out and wake up and he was licking his chops he
probably had a steak for lunch and that's it and he's salivating at the opportunity to bend this
i wonder if last year there was even a time when car lost three games in a row. They were that consistent.
So good luck, Vancouver.
And then on top of that, let's say that's a loss. The next one is against a rival, the Kraken,
and that stupid Bowie troll, their mascot,
who cost them the game against St. Louis.
With your nose in my ears.
He was glassbanging right before the goal started.
That's karma, Bowie.
You're welcome for getting you verified on Twitter.
All right.
Have you been paying attention to this Vancouver team?
Like, what do you, I mean, is that as big of a under the bus
drumming by coach and GM you've seen?
But it all seems to go down the players because Bruce said after that same game,
it just looked like there was very little effort.
And as far as the coaching question you just brought up is Bruce got there
before Rutherford did.
He asked for an extension after Rutherford took the job.
Rutherford did not give him an extension.
So he's essentially a lame duck coach right now.
I don't think he's going to be sticking around for the whole season at this
point. I can't imagine that the guy was going to,
we all know GMs want their own coach. It's just, it's,
it's just a clusterfuck.
Why hire a coach that bring in a new GM when it creates this exact scenario?
So, you know, I'm sure they'll give it another eight to ten games
and see if they get their ass in gear.
And if not, yeah, they'll probably make a move here.
By the way, if I'm Bo Horvat, who is just a gamer, right?
You could call out the captain of this team with how things are going,
but this guy is a consistent goal scorer, tough to play against, and he's a UFA.
I am never even considering signing there.
Look at JT Miller's got about nine years left.
Look at this team.
Horvat, get me out of here.
JT Miller's out of there in 13 months.
I said if he lasts two seasons, I'd be shocked.
I know, but it's a big salary.
I know Cap's going to jump up four and a half million once uh once the once the HHR
uh gets back to even they're going to bump it up potentially four and a half million next year
that's a big rise so I don't know uh I think that was pretty much it on Vancouver yeah just another
note JT Miller following up on that if you see a guy out with his family just leave him alone man like family kids
whatever just totally you know if you don't see him again
too bad but don't bother people with their family
especially when the team's doing shitty and then giving
the player shit just knock that shit off
do you think Bruce
is still doing cameos right now that
might be a tough look if Rutherford sees that he's
doing cameos shit
this is a wild stat
Rutherford does a cameo to fire him.
Hey, Bruce, this is Jim here.
You're fired.
Wait a minute.
That sounds like a job I have.
Is this real?
Bruce Boudreaux's cameo account is temporarily unavailable,
so it looks like he has disabled it.
Come on, Bruce.
Come on.
It's just a couple losses man
people want to see you oh there's a wild stat i found over the weekend it may have changed by a
couple percentage points but 20 of games have seen a team come back from a multi-goal deficit win
that's one out of every five games a team is coming back being down two or more that's something that
was unthinkable 30 years ago in this league and now it's it's a pretty common thing to happen so i think that's early early season just defensive breakdowns the
amount of guys who are confused and hey maybe the nhl was right maybe they do need more of these
pre-season games to get these guys brains turned on fuck they already get what eight of them maybe
i don't know maybe it's like too, so they just get in this preseason mode
where there's just breakdowns all over the place.
I think tighten them up then and get all the real players out there.
No offense to the guys who don't make the team.
Oh, so you don't want to have a beer leaguer out there anymore?
We can move on.
Gee, you sent me over this tweet earlier.
Wow, incredible.
All I can say about this new fall collection
from Chicklets and Pink Whitney,
keeps you warm, makes you looking fresh.
What do we got, Gee?
We got tons of hats.
You guys have seen me wearing these hats
for the past few months.
We have Pink Whitney hats.
We have the new Pink Whitney logo,
new Chicklets hats.
We have these new unreal Pink Whitney hoodies
that are incredible.
New Pink Whitney hoodies as well
that aren't unreal. New Chicklets hoodies as well. That aren't unreal new chiclets hoodies.
We have everything across the board.
All you got to do is go to barstoolsports.com slash chiclets to get the
merch there.
It's an entire new fall merch launch.
It's unbelievable.
Like I said,
just go to barstoolsports.com slash chiclets.
All right,
we can move on.
Another team struggling out of the gate.
Pretty bad.
Nobody expected the Minnesota wild to be one,
three and one after five games.
Not only that,
the first three games they lost,
they gave up 20 goals.
They beat the connection over time to get off the Schneid.
Then they lost an OT to Boston.
Very rough start from Mark.
Andre Flurry,
one,
one,
and one with a five to five goals against eight,
four,
seven save percentage is backup Gustafson,
0-2 with a 5-0-6 and an
8-6-0. So Biz, I know you want to
talk about this. Did they fuck up by trading Talbot
or not handling it different? Or is this
just an early stuff? No, I mean, that's just
hindsight, but I feel like
the flex was there where
it seemed like they think this Gustafson
kid was ready to go.
And I mean, hey, it's still early.
They still have a really good makeup of a team, but I will say,
I felt that there was a lot of magic involved in last season.
They just had the, you know,
you talked about how much a good start and,
and having a good group can help kick things off at the beginning of the
season. You mentioned with, with Buffalo earlier with,
I felt like last year they got off to that and i mean never look back you know i still think that flower can figure
things out it was just seemed like a lot of his success over the you know the last bit of his
career has come with a one-two punch and getting help from from from another net minder and that's
really the way that the whole league's moving so he he I think his comments
were like I deserve to be booed because he got booed one night and he's like I deserved it I've
been playing like shit so I I love the accountability and I think that the fan base appreciates it
rather than a guy maybe going the other way with it but there's just there's there's also more
issues than goaltending right now and they lost lost Fiala. We talked about how much of an offensive impact he was to that,
to that top six.
And they seem to be okay with,
with getting rid of them.
I know there was some comments online when he took a stupid penalty with
the first game with LA.
Like he takes a lot of them,
like,
holy shit,
bitter X,
why not?
But,
but yeah,
there's,
that's just a fucking ugly start,
man.
And I was not bullish on them coming in with that 10 million anchor attached to them.
That's two competent players in your lineup that you could have helping out
and pick you up in certain areas.
That's a great top four defenseman.
That's another potentially a really elite third-line center.
Those are two big pieces,, it's hard, man.
It's hard playing.
Like, look, look at every good team.
They're all up to the cap.
Some of which on long-term are,
you got 10 million in cap space in today's age.
You're fucking hooped, man.
Dead cap space.
But in terms of every team in the league off to a tough start,
off to a start that they could not or would not imagine.
I am at least
worried about the wild i really am because i think flurry figures it out a little bit actually i know
he's going to play better than he is you got two goalies both their goals against are over five
right now uh if the goaltending continues to be this bad they're fucked but you could say that
about any single team in the league look at what jersey's done since they started getting a little
goaltending.
We can talk about them.
See, I have a pushback on that.
Okay, hold on.
Wait one second.
Mini then.
The reason that I think those goaltenders can get it figured out,
but in terms of other issues, last year Hartman, he had over 30 goals.
He's had a slow start, right?
I don't think Dumba's played great from what I'm reading,
what I'm talking to in terms of some of the reporters that follow that team.
So I think that there's guys who need to pick up their game.
But overall, you got to get stops in this league, dude.
There's no chance.
You got no chance.
You got Zuccarello playing awesome already.
You got Kaprasov.
He's going to get 100 points.
Kaprasov, whatever the fuck you say his name.
And there's other guys there that are going to pick it up. You just needaltending and you need saves and at some point they're going to get it i
don't think they're going to be as good as last year because of the issues they're dealing with
but i don't think they're this bad i think dumb as you uh viewed as a little bit of a riverboat
gambler as well you know plays it like it's sometimes with those guys when they're in rhythm
and in flow you're like holy shit this is beautiful and then other times when it's sometimes with those guys when they're in rhythm and in flow you're like holy
shit this is beautiful and then other times when it's not it's like oh shit okay a lot of mistakes
just how i described d'angelo not too long ago uh we're gonna get to the the comment about
goaltending though early on with new jersey when we move on to them but gee remind me to circle
back on pushing back on the goaltending early on because i well jersey looks better well yeah they're yeah they were they were playing we'll get to them after go ahead r.a sorry no
problem we also want to congratulate you guys friend the goose alex goligoski played his
1000th nhl game i know you tweeted about it had some nice words to say about him he's a good pal
both he is right oh great person salt of the earth one One of those Minnesota guys are just great guys. You know, it's just nice people. Awesome.
And I think that in terms of being one of the one of the reasons I was traded from the Penguins, I could be bitter.
I could be upset, but I'm not because I like goose and we live together.
And we took ambience and played NHL and never remembered the outcomes.
But a great guy and a hell of a career. And I hope to catch up with him soon.
but a great guy and a hell of a career.
And I hope to catch up with him soon.
I hope to grab dinner at some point with him and catch up because that's
amazing that he's got a thousand games.
It's quite,
quite an impressive number for him to reach.
Just a pros pro great skater did a so intelligent out there.
Great job evolving his game.
Like he,
you know, he was a offensive defense,
but I would agree with that
he was coming up and latang was coming up around the time where when you were there and he was also
a cheaper option so they had a safety valve and i mean he was fuck he skated like the wind he still
he still moves good for an older guy but um when he was at the coyotes even just like penalty killer
always in the shot lane like as maybe as skinny as he is.
He's a fucking warrior, and he competes hard.
So just the fact that he's still playing,
I don't know how the fuck these guys with their bodies at this age.
I know, like 37?
Like what are you?
You turning 38 soon, or are you 30?
You're turning 38 this year, right?
38 in March.
How are these guys doing this?
No clue.
They must be taking steroids.
I mean, they must not have beers and vodka that they're selling out of their asshole all day long and drink it to prove that it's good.
But I mean, I certainly know that I've been retired seven years now.
I mean, I couldn't imagine I could barely barely play seven years ago. And they're still doing it, these guys.
When you see a pro athlete, especially the NHL, 37 years old or older,
like, oh, Pavelski's 39, I think.
The guy had a hat trick the other night.
He looks amazing again.
Yeah, he does.
He looks good, too.
Man rocket.
It's crazy.
Next up, the Montreal Canadiens.
Last season's worst team started out three and three not too
shabby team really looks like they're having fun out there I mean I know they're probably not going
to play us but they look like a team having fun in the ice and the big name everyone's talking
about we mentioned him before Ricky Abra Jack I he had his first NHL scrap with Zach Cassian and
I'd say he got the W there biz uh and Eric our buddy Eric Engels uh asked him about it he says
I was smiling smiling at him on the face-off.
He asked me what I was laughing about.
I said, you.
He gave me a shot.
I asked him if he wanted one.
He said, sure.
Asked Jack if Cassian said anything after.
He said, good fight and off to the benches.
So I just feel like these stories, young guy looking to make his bones,
goes to an older guy, gives him the fight.
You said, Biz, he kind of reminds you like maybe of a 2-2 type player,
a P.J. Stock, and just kind of aggravating the other team.
Like a little cultish, Biz? Yeah just because i i was hearing about this guy before he done any
type of noise in the in the nhl level and then like you saw in pre-season he was running around
and and next thing you know he's up and he's fucking fighting and i mean he won the fight
it was i mean i think i think he surprised casting and he's just this young kid who's full of piss
and vinegar and then he ends up getting his first NHL goal against Dallas.
I know they lost the game, but seems like once in a while,
one of these little cult heroes pops up.
And I mentioned PJ Stock on that list.
I don't know how many games Stocker ended up playing,
but I think that when he probably got called up
or made the team in a training camp,
at a certain point you heard about this fucking little guy running around
just being a fucking pest who was full of piss and vinegar, no?
Oh, yeah.
Mixing it up, he beat up the whole Ottawa Senators team during the preseason,
so there's going to be a loaf of blood.
And there you go.
So there's even more to look forward to in today's NHL.
You don't really get a lot of this because, fuck,
they don't even allow a lot of kids like that in junior anymore.
So how the fuck are you going to end up getting to the pros?
And the most you can fight in junior now is five times.
So for him to take on a wily veteran in Cassian who's got no visor on
and have the showing that he did, yeah, I'm paying attention.
And then it comes out the back story.
Was it Eric Engels who came out with the story of how he got the nickname Wi-Fi?
I think he was doing a scrum.
That was hilarious.
Which is hilarious.
So add on to this mystique, the new William Wallace.
And for people who don't know, his name, Arbor Jacki, is actually his last name.
Jacki is spelt X-H-E-K-A-J.
And somebody said to him, oh, why is your nickname Wi-Fi?
And he said, because my last name is usually, why is your nickname? Wi-Fi. And he said,
cause my last name's usually like what you use for a wifi password.
So very original,
very funny and an amazing story.
Undrafted played as an overager last year in Hamilton.
I think he's a Kitchener.
Then he was in Hamilton,
had a sick run in the playoffs.
Montreal invites him to prospect camp does well,
ends up signing a deal.
My good friend,
Billy Ryan,
a scout for works with Montreal Canadians. He sent me the,
he sent me this kid's info and name and story last year.
I think at one point he's working at Costco and they sent me,
they sent me this at the prospect camp.
He beat the shit out of some kid.
I think on the Ottawa prospect camp,
you can look that up.
And it's like,
he said,
wait,
watch this kid.
He's going to be a fucking cult hero.
Turns out he makes the team. He's got three points in six games he's got this fight now and the fact that he's able to do this being undrafted and then able to kind of prove so
many people wrong it's just a great story and and i think that you're gonna see more of him being
willing and and now the eyes are open right if you're willing if you're a guy that's willing
and looking to fight in this league now you see him beat up cassian's a tough dude and he's a
lefty isn't he biz you know what wet i i didn't check the game notes bud and uh i never why my
nose looks like a chris drury curve and i probably should have checked what which way guys punched
but still it's a great story and it's kind of of one of those storylines that Montreal is running with this
year.
They got Slavkovsky getting his first goal.
They got the Jack guy,
guy they get Caulfield's already got four goals and six games.
And it's going to be a team that's not going to get in the playoffs,
but like I already mentioned,
exciting to watch instead of the old Buffalo,
the old Montreal,
you never wanted to even watch a game.
Now I'll tune into this team.
I'll see what's going on.
Wait,
you also mentioned that 20 year old defenseman, Caden Goulet,
it's made a hell of an impression so far,
taking 16th overall in 2020 spent last year in the O.
Now he's playing top pair minutes on this team.
He looks like a bonafide number one. I know you want to talk.
He's nasty. He's nasty.
He's got all,
all the things in the package that you'd need to be an elite top defenseman.
And,
and I think that that's
one of those things where kent hughes comes in and you look all right what's been going on here
there needs to be change and you're like oh i like this draft pick i wasn't a part of this but thank
you for this one so you're able to get a defenseman who moves so well i think right as of right now
um i don't know if he's running the top power play. That might be Chris Weidman, but it's still a guy who has a bright future.
And being that young, it's what we talked about with Buffalo.
It's like all these guys growing together.
What I saw in Pittsburgh, a bunch of us kind of growing up together
and learning the league and learning how to be competitive in games.
It's like it's going to be a bright future in Montreal.
And that's another reason right there is they have this young defenseman, a former first round pick already playing big minutes.
Who's going to have his struggles this year.
But overall, I bet you if you talk to Canadians fans from game one to game 82, you're going to see a big improvement and a guy just kind of come into his own in this league.
So I love his game so far from what I've watched.
Have you guys been seeing these like TikTok or Instagram videos of the quotes that Martin St.
Louis has been dropping at these press conferences?
No.
Home.
Mike,
these reporters are just spank bank material.
Okay.
Just jamming themselves to like one the other day.
It's like,
it was a question.
He's like,
well,
my job's not to coach the guy with the puck is to teach the other four
guys who don't have it.
Oh,
just fuck. Yeah. Like the people in the comments don't have it. Just fuck you.
People in the comments going absolutely berserk, O-Lan.
Or how about a comment like he could say something like,
you know, Caulfield maybe goes three games without a goal,
and they ask him, and he says, you know what, though?
I've been watching the film.
I've been watching this guy away from the puck.
I've been watching this guy in the defensive zone,
and don't you worry about the three games, no goals, because the other side of the ice he's doing his job and he's growing as a
player so right now i would say that if there's a head coach that has media by the balls it's
martin st louis whatever he is putting up they are soaking in are there any other NHL head coaches that are Hall of Famers as players currently?
I would say that Rob Brindamore
deserves to be in the Hall of Fame.
Oh.
That's kind of my argument
at a certain point in time with what he's...
I think because of what he's going to provide as a coach,
they will put him in as a player.
He has played, I think, easily over 1,500 games. I think he's got over
1,200 points. He's got a Stanley Cup.
Okay, so he doesn't have 1,500 games
and he doesn't have 1,200 points.
What's he got then? What's he got? He's got
1,484 games. He's got 1,184
points. Oh, fuck off!
Come on, give it to me for fuck's sake. I know, but I mean
when you just said he's got over 1,500 games
and over fucking 1,200 points, he doesn't have
either. I have to call your ass out. But, yeah, man, I mean, Lynn, you just said he's got over 1,500 games and over fucking 1,200 points. He doesn't have either. I have to call your ass out.
But, yeah, man, I mean, that's a whole
Not bad for off the top of the dome, though.
All right, so if you got Mogilny, Roenick, or Brindamore,
who are you going with?
PK?
PK?
Oh, fuck off.
Another note on...
No, we're going into the PK talk for 10 minutes.
It's punishment for bringing it back up.
No!
Everybody can make it a non-fast-forward option now
on the podcast, Grinnell.
Everybody has to endure 10 minutes of this.
Imagine if we could lock the fast forward option on this podcast.
We immediately have like seven listeners.
I would say all three of those people are in the very same class
of knocking on the door.
But with what Rod the Bod's now doing as a coach and stuff,
how do we get it back onto that subject?
Somebody asked how many.
I asked if there's any other coaches that were.
Okay. So the short answer was probably not no no that's why he's got the media by the balls one of the
best players wait I want to go back to that long way to get there for a sec when Montreal played
Pittsburgh Goulet was on the ice for 1528 of Sid's 1858 no points in one shot Sid got so he did a
good job shutting down Sid.
Another one for Abyss. Since St. Louis
took over on February 10th, 22,
Cole Caulfield has the second
most even strength goals with 21,
trailing only Austin Matthews with 25.
Wow. So pretty
big thing that they brought in St. Louis after, what's his name,
Duchesne or Duchamp benched him
for the whole spot of the season.
We're about an hour in. That guy was in over his head,
that Dominic Duchamp.
Looking back now, he should have got the Selkie
because he shut down Cole Caulfield most of the year.
All right, boys, do you want to send it over to Ryan Kessler?
Oh, you didn't like my joke already? I can't have fun
with the teenagers, the ones that actually
think I'm funny? I gave it a little walk-a-walk-a
for you. I had a chuckle.
I think we should send it over to Ryan Kessler right now. This is a great interview.
Guy was an absolute warrior. Talks about a lot of stuff left nothing off the table. So it's good
shit. We're going to go over to him right now. This interview is brought to you by Verizon.
There's never been a better time to switch to Verizon than now. And now if you sign up with
Verizon, you can get a deal where the new Google Pixel 7 Pro becomes free.
It's the most advanced Pixel to date, super powered to launch even faster, load quicker, and run smoother.
Totally supercharged.
And when it's on Verizon, you go to the network America relies on the most.
Along with, of course, a super deal.
So like I said,
sign up for Verizon to get the new Google pixel seven pro and you'll love it. Once again,
additional terms and conditions may apply visit verizon.com for more details. And once again,
there's never been a better time to switch to Verizon than now.
All right. It's a pleasure to welcome our next guest. This center played over 1100 to Verizon than now.
All right, it's a pleasure to welcome our next guest.
This center played over 1,100 regular season and playoff games in a 15-year NHL career
that he spent with Vancouver, then Anaheim.
He won under-18 gold, world junior gold,
a silver medal at the 2010 Olympics,
and the 2011 Selkie Trophy,
as well as being a finalist four other times.
Thanks so much
for joining us on the spit and chiclets podcast ryan kessler how's it going my man i'm good guys
how are you doing all right can't complain we're doing great cast this is such a long time coming
my first question we can go into it how's the body feeling and we're going to go into
what you sacrificed in your and what you went through but how is your health now
well first off what i want to get into how I messaged you on Instagram.
I said, call me.
And you fucking had somebody else call me.
No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no.
I had a serious question.
I did.
That's awesome.
I know, but.
Oh, yeah, you were going after me for the Pittsburgh Horror situation.
Let's hear this.
I did owe you a call.
I did owe you a call.
But Grinnell, he did it on his own. I owed you a call. I was owe you a call, but Grinnell, he did it on his own.
I owed you a call.
I was at my brother's wedding.
I forgot.
I apologize, buddy.
I've seen, I've watched enough of your YouTube today.
I feel like I talked to you.
No, but the body, the body's feeling better.
I was into one the last couple of years of my career.
You don't know how much pain you're in until you're out of it.
I'm still going through surgeries.
I just had my nose done, which probably was the most painful of all the surgeries.
I'm 10 days out right now.
I'm still not good.
I was probably in five days of pain where I didn't sleep.
I was pacing around my house at
night. My wife hated me. My kids were like, what's the matter with daddy sleeps 24 hours a day.
And it was, it was rough, but you know, I'm, I'm, I'm out the other side now.
Just cause they had the cotton swabs up there. You can only breathe through your mouth and it
kind of fucks with your head. Doesn it oh yeah like complete like feels like an
elephant sitting on your face it's it's brutal so i had that similar surgery right because obviously
one of your septums i'm sure or maybe even both of them were closed when they broke mine like the
whole thing shattered and the surgery took like an extra 45 minutes but like you said it was like
that next week where you're just like you like you you have to sleep in a rocking chair
well i did anyway yeah because you can't roll over and you don't want to fuck it up and like
you said it's just like it just messes with your brain because you're not really getting that proper
oxygen but before that was it so bad that it was still fucking with you where you weren't getting
enough oxygen into your body yeah it was completely fucking with me it was they uh i had a sleep study done and they said I had a, what do they call that?
When you, you stop breathing in the middle of your sleep, sleep apnea.
Yeah. And, uh, I, I talked to my, I,
then I went and got a checkup with my nose doctor and he's like, Hey,
if you do this, this might help. And you won't get a CPAP machine.
That's all I need is is is i've been married
18 years and it's like okay if i put this thing on at night i know i'm not getting any so that
might end it that might end it yeah that's tom cruise at night how many times did you break your
nose cast uh multiple there's there's one bad one by, by Andrew Ladd and, and 2009 that shattered my
nose. And it was, it was bad. And I remember we're in, we're in Chicago and it was playoffs,
I believe. And their doctors look at me and they're like, oh yeah, you're fine. Meanwhile,
my nose is like a Z and I can't breathe either nostril.
They forgot.
Like I had a cut in the bottom of my lip that I could put my tongue all the
way down to like my bottom of my chin. And they're like, yeah, you're fine.
And I'm like, well, what about this hole? Is this normal? And they're like,
oh, we should probably stitch that up. I'm like, yeah, you probably should.
Just put some deep, put some deep cold on it.
That was in the heyday of those rivalries the blackhawks canucks with the trainer i mean the doctor the blackhawks women like with your bones sticking on you're like no you're good dude you're
good go back out there nothing a little duct tape can't fix oh yeah duct tape that's like the plane
my first year i think we flew a company called sky King.
I think half the plane was put together by duct tape.
We flew sky King was the worst sky dump. We called it.
Yeah. Sky dump. Wow. You guys had sky King. Oh, we had my first year.
We had sky King and, and the plane,
like the overhead compartments were duct taped together
their shit falling falling off and i'm like oh is this safe to fly i think we we fell 4 000 feet in
the air one time and i'm like okay like i'm not okay with flying anymore no this is not good i
mean you a you were a maniac when you played though like fuck i'm reading i was pulling up some of your old tweets this is august 5th 2018 ryan johansson how's the summer training going want to meet me in
the streets before we we get going on the ice like what the fuck was that about august joy your
summer buddy yeah i i i think you guys both know how I played.
It's not like it is nowadays where everybody knows everybody and their buddies and they go and talk after the game.
Like I enjoy being hated and I wanted to be hated because I had to play that way.
Like I had, like, that's the only way I knew how to play.
And I don't, I really don't know what the fuck i was thinking
there like it's it's august 7th i'm something probably made someone one of my buddies probably
said something to me and i'm like oh yeah like that joey i'm gonna i'm gonna i'm gonna go at
him right now and he's probably like oh johansson's tougher than you and i just start firing off
tweets what time is the tweet at august oh yeah yeah let's check
the time on this bad boy it could have been afternoon drinks okay 4 30 you probably had a
nice buzz on nice glow oh yeah just got off the course um did you like were you like that when
you're playing like in your younger days or as your career progressed did you have to
like kind of like almost self-motivate yourself to keep this mask on of being hated because it's
probably not fun like genuinely being hated uh that he says it's a hard mask to wear man it ain't
fucking easy so i got i got cut one of my the year before my u.s national team when i made the u.s national
team i got cut from or two years before i got cut from every single team and you know talking with
my brother later on he's like man you you were soft you were and then all of a sudden you got
cut from all these teams and you had had like a fuck you do you that just came out of nowhere and you were going
to make everybody pay. And ever since you got cut from everybody,
you played with like this edge that I've never seen you play with before.
So I think it started there and then it just evolved and,
you know, getting into the league, you know, first round draft pick,
but still like Vancouver media isn't all that nice when you're not putting up points
or you're a first round pick and maybe they didn't want you.
So, you know, I know Canadian media had me touted as like a third, fourth line guy.
And that's where the coaches had me too.
So I had to get into this, you know, I think I played the fourth line my first year.
I didn't crack the third line. So you're playing.
I think my first two line mates were Darren Langdon and either Brad May or
Mike Keene. I think those were my rotator Mayday and Keener. So, you know,
they'd scrum it up.
So I'd scrum it up too.
I had, and I acted bigger than what I was.
And I just continued.
And it really just evolved into just being a dick on the ice.
My first or second year, I faced off against Mark Messier.
And every single draw I won,
he would slash me. He would cross-check me.
He would put me in a headlock and he wouldn't get called. And then, you know, looking back on it, I think that's who I learned from.
So like every single time I went against the Crosby or McDavid or someone,
I was slashing almost cross-check.
I would do anything I could do him off a draw because it's considered a battle,
and that's allowed.
And, you know, that's like I teach kids now.
That's how I'm teaching kids to take face-offs.
Like, if you lose the draw, you make them pay.
And, you know, it worked for me,
and I hope I get the next generation of rats to continue it hey timmy see
when you lose a draw see these cages they got on the butt end will be the only thing that fits
through that cage so you choke down your stick and you get him in the eye timmy
you gotta fucking see all these teenage hockey players with eye patches on for fuck's sakes
it must be weird though because you're coaching your son like real good player
and you're seeing at this level where now
it's so competitive and
they are buddy buddies right like
you kind of have to teach kids more than you'd
have to teach our age and certainly
before us like once the game
starts as Kadri said to
the avalanche like I
cut no deals I have no friends out
there so I'm assuming you're teaching that
now, right?
It's our
Quebec year this year.
I think
we all remember Quebec, right?
It's a big
deal.
You guys can kind of branch
off in your own conversations. Ari what's up no but but it is true like we we played uh
we played a team the other day where i walk into the arena i walk by
my best player and he's he's shooting the shit with some kid on the other team that he doesn't
know and i said hey no friends walk away and that's honestly what i'm trying
right right now we're one of the top teams i think we're number two like they rank these
teams for whatever reason like for instagram or whatever we're number two in the country which
we have a target on our back and i'm just trying to get these kids to realize like, it doesn't matter how other teams play. It's,
it's about us and how we play. And,
and to get that through a 12 year old's head is,
is frustrating because they're good, bad, good, bad. And, you know,
just trying to develop kids. You gotta be a psychologist with some of them,
but they're, they're, they're all good kids. They have good,
I actually have a team full of good parents, which isn't really that,
uh, common, no, not that common at all. Um,
and that, that, that actually weighs a lot on if you make my team or not,
you have to be a good family and because I'm not going to deal with the shit
at all so just
trying to pay it forward to the next generation and uh that's what i'm really doing with my life
right now what was the punishment for the kid who was uh talking to the other player do you
waterboard him no that's frowned upon actually i've only done that once he had to take face
off against kes for three straight days.
Sorry, Ari.
I just wanted to know what Johnny had to go through.
You played for your dad when you were a kid before you went pro, correct?
Yeah.
For a couple of years, I played for him.
So were you able to pick up some lessons from back then that you can apply now with your kid on your team?
Yeah.
I'd love for you to ask my son this, i try not to be as hard on uh my son but you know if if i can't treat him the way i treat the other
kids then there's no favoritism with with my son um he has to earn everything plus some to even get
ice time um he's probably one of the only kids I sit on the team.
So if he says how good a coach I am, I don't know what his answer would be.
Saying that, you know, one of the only reasons that I do coach is, well, one, because my son,
but two is, like I said, I want to pay it forward.
I want to pay it forward to this generation.
is, like I said, I want to pay it forward.
I want to pay it forward to this generation, and I want to instill some of the things
that I've learned along the ways.
And you look, there's not a lot of good coaches
at this age group or in Michigan right now,
so I just try to extend my knowledge.
Going back to when you were younger,
I always wondered,
you were part of the best draft of all time,
business draft, and
it was weird, though, because not many
guys... That's how they refer to it, too, actually.
Not many guys... That's how Bob McKenzie...
The biz draft.
The biz draft, yeah.
Not many guys actually went to Ohio State
from the national program. I know Umberger did,
and then you followed him, But where else were you looking?
Because I was always confused by that pick, being a Michigan kid.
I didn't know how that went down.
Yeah.
Just one quick year there.
Yeah, one quick year.
They offered him a bigger name.
I don't want to tout myself too highly,
but I did have a lot of schools to choose from.
Oh, shit, you did.
It was like 20.
Like every kid at the U.S. national team has a lot of of uh teams to pick
from and really came down to five teams it was wisconsin colorado college because my dad went
there um miami ohio ohio state and i want to say mich state. Yeah. Michigan state, Michigan was in, in the,
in, in the, um, um, in the five, because they sent me a fucking letter, like a letter in the
mail. They didn't call me. They didn't, they didn't, they didn't like seem like they wanted
me. They said, Hey, you got a full ride if you want it. And that turned me off so much.
The reason why I went to Ohio State is they showed up at my doorstep at 6 a.m.
On the first day, you can actually go and visit a kid.
And then they came back the next day at 6 a.m.
And they woke me up both days.
And they cooked your breakfast.
Oh, yeah.
Casey Jones did a great job.
He was the assistant coach at the time. And,
and I really liked both coaches and, you know,
I remember sitting there and trying to, trying to pick Wisconsin.
I went on a visit with Wisconsin and I went to Miami, Ohio, and really just,
I was like, who's, who's gonna,
who wants me the most and who's going to put me in the best situation to
succeed. And at the time, I think Michigan state was a very defensive. Like, who wants me the most and who's going to put me in the best situation to succeed?
And at the time, I think Michigan State was a very defensive, I think, well, Jeff Jackson, I think, coached there at the time.
No, not Jeff Jackson.
No, it was, what was that, Ron?
It was a very, very defensive coach that coached there back then.
And I'm like, well, I don't need that.
I coached there back then. And I'm like, well, I don't need that.
So I, I chose Ohio state just based on the fact that they really showed that they
wanted me.
Like what are these conversations? Like, it seems like you,
like you were like a more mature for your age.
If you were considering all these variables or did you have somebody you were
like vetting it with you?
Like were you leaning on your brother and your father?
Cause I believe you said it was your brother who said he's never played seen you play that mean is that what you said
earlier yeah yeah no no my my brother and my dad they they actually allowed me i asked for help i'm
like guys what do i do here and they're like uh you're on your own on this one you just pick who
you who you want to play for and i was like and i sat and i it took a few weeks to even make a decision and
then i uh i finally chose ohio state and it ended up being being the right choice you know getting
drafted from vancouver and uh rj umberger was from the same team he was a junior when i was a freshman
and uh rj and i got into it the first captain practice, which stirred some, stirred some bad
blood for whatever reason. And, and, uh, you know, I think that transpired into the pros when I
fought them. I think that was part of the reason we fought, but, um, going, going back to that,
I just, I wanted to be put in a situation where they trusted me
and they really wanted me and they put me in a place to succeed.
But when I got drafted, Vancouver was like,
okay, you're not going back to that team.
We're going to sign you.
Oh, shit, really?
Yeah, right away.
They're like, hey, we've seen RJ the way he's transpired over the last three years,
and we want to sign you right now, like right away. And he's,
they're like, you'll probably start off in the minors,
but you'll make your way. And looking back on it,
that's probably what helped me the most was signing right away out of college.
Like after year one, looking at it, I got a taste of the NHL.
I played like 27 games. Then it was the full lockout year.
So I got to play in the minors with a really good AHL,
like some really good players, really good league back then.
And then that transpired into year three where I made the team full time
and I never looked back from there.
Yes, I think that that's why that draft was so special because that lockout
happened and all those guys got to go dominate the American league.
Like you can go through the full list.
I want to say Richards and Carter were with the Philly phantoms and they won
it. So for that example, you just use like,
you guys got to play with like NHL caliber players and guys who were like
true pros where nowadays these guys are developing
with other guys who are in diapers like it's like there's like a veteran rule too you can only have
like three vets now it's fucking crazy it's crazy so it's so true um that's that's part of the
problem like you call it silver spoon right uh guys that never played in the minors um it takes
there's something to be said that to to drive hours upon hours and play three
and three three games and three nights and and have that third game be at noon in hamilton and
and and then all of a sudden you got guys teeing off on each other at 1201 and and and you know
just just to have that experience of carrying your own bag
and getting off the bus and understanding and working your way up to the NHL
where you really appreciate how the NHL players are treated.
I forgot that because back then it was you were drafted.
The college guys, it delayed it a year.
So you got drafted and boom, right to pro.
That wasn't that common then.
But I remember going and playing the Moose,
that lockout year where the AHL was phenomenal.
I remember it was you.
That was the first time I played against BX and Burroughs.
And that was like three guys who had a lot to do with all the success
Vancouver had.
So I'm guessing you guys getting to know each other that year had a big,
big thing to do with that.
But my question being, it's long-winded you and bx alpha males there must have been some at least battles at practice
early when you two met uh where do i start by the way you're saying his name you're you are
butchering oh i know what the fuck was that dude it's it's literally it's like my twitch i have a
million of them i can't say his name because they told me it's not BX.
I don't even know.
He's going to punch my head.
And even if I got it right.
So who cares?
No, there's so many times.
He's like my big brother.
Honestly, we, we battle all the time.
We battle and then we come back and we're friends and then we battle
again it's it's like we're best buddies and we still battle to this day so you know one story
I could bring up is is uh pregame skate so I stay out there it's me and Burrows and Rick Bonus is
out there and BX is at the other end and we we're just, you know, I'm working on my shot.
And then all of a sudden a puck whizzes by me.
And I'm like, I look down to the other end and I see BX just laughing, like shoulders bobbing.
Like I keep shooting.
Another one whizzes by.
So now I turn around and we're taking full slap shots at each
other and we're trying to hurt each other like and we're pissed off now and so we're at center ice
and Rick bonus I don't know if you guys know bones at all but he is he's a great human being and he
he's one of my favorite coaches he had to get in between us in pregame skate and and we get off the ice and and it's just all
the stupid pranks we used to play at each on each other where it's you know that the the tape or the
or the uh toilet paper and the gloves or the shaving cream and the gloves or cutting each
other's laces all the shit that we shit that we used to do to each other.
And I would probably be the sensitive one where I'd be like, okay, this isn't cool.
Why did you guys do this?
I'm trying to get ready for a game, trying to be serious.
And Juice and Burrows would be in the corner laughing, making fun of me.
And I'd get poopy pants.
And that's how it would go.
Exactly.
I want to ask, who put that lobster on the pillow in Columbus?
Oh, you heard about that, eh?
What?
I did.
You must have snapped.
So, so, oh, so me and BX,
we were roommates for like seven years and we're roommates.
We're in Columbus and we're staying at that Sheridan.
I think it is at the Easton mall.
And we go across the street, we go to a bar,
they got like a live band going and we're sitting in the corner and we see
this like vending machine that has live lobsters.
And you got to like get the claw and you got to go down and you got to catch
a lobster.
So the boys were trying to do it all night and we're having beers and you know we get back to the hotel and guys are riding like the
security uh segways around the around the halls and it's just like a complete shit show and so i
so i go to bed and i'm laying in bed for and juice is already in bed and i'm laying in bed for, and juice is already in bed and I'm, I'm laying in bed and I put my hands,
I like roll over and I put my hands underneath my pillow and I just feel like
the lobster tail.
And immediately my head goes to that vending machine.
And then I'm like, shit, I'm going to lose a finger.
So I pick it up and I throw, throw it. It goes against the wall
and I go back to bed. Well, the next day BXO wakes up, sees it. Obviously he was in on it.
And then I saw the video on who, who did it. I don't know. Well, I do do know who did it but i don't know why you would
wear a red shirt and say like oh no it wasn't me like i saw you all day in a red shirt like
i don't need to see your face it was you and it was uh it was a rookie and he did he get it after
that it was cody hodgson no shit i'm traded to buffalo Got him out of the league.
Yeah, I got one.
No, I think he got himself out of the league.
Oh my.
Hey, first of all, any other BX stories you want to tell?
I was just going to ask you a hockey question quick.
There's so many of them.
We can just go on for days.
This guy, this guy does handstands wherever he can honestly like
he'll just he'll be in a full suit doing a headstand in the middle of the lobby for no reason
just loves it how long can he hold it as long as he wants no yeah he's like a jedi fucking
black belt or something i woke up and like we had like maybe 12 we went to italy together and we had
like 12 bottles of wine together like next morning he's up up at 8 AM. I looked down and there's like a pool at the bottom
of the Hill. And I'm looking down, this guy's like standing on his head and I'm just watching.
He has no idea I'm watching him. He's just doing a headstand for no reason. Like seven,
eight in the morning after drinking 12 bottles of wine, doing a headstand. That's probably the
last thing I would want to do at seven, eight in the morning after drinking 12 bottles of wine, doing a headstand. That's probably the last thing I would want to do at seven,
eight in the morning after having 12 bottles.
I can't even normal stand after the night.
Was he a freak in the gym?
Was he one of the guys that would, would push you in that dynamic?
Yeah, he, he, he was a guy that always worked right. He, he,
he was a guy that, you know, he, he was a guy that always worked, right? He was a guy that, you know, he signed.
You guys know the Federoff story.
You guys heard about that.
But he made it from playing in the NHL.
You know, same with Burroughs.
He went from the coast to the AHL, but, like,
Jews went to the AHL to the NHL, and he honestly worked his way up and and you know that
that group that core group of guys that we had from manitoba they they really drove that team i
think and um he was a guy that that always cared about his body he always wanted to look good so
when he started getting older he started getting some love handles and i started started uh you know ribbing him a bit like oh gee she getting some love no no i know he's like hey
it's just because i'm old i can't get rid of these so later on he's like hey you know you really
affected me when you started calling out me out on my love love hand and i'm like okay i'm like
what he's like then i learned if you actually work out your
obliques they actually get bigger rather than smaller and i'm like oh good to know i'm like
now that i'm 38 i i know why he has love handles it's they're impossible to get rid of i'm gonna
get surgery for mine i think i'm just waiting for an ad i'm just waiting for we could do an ad so i
get it for free so So we have new listeners.
You referred to the Federov story.
Were you there for it?
And can you go back and tell it if so?
No, I wasn't there for it.
Okay.
I know word for word, though.
We have new listeners, and I like hearing it.
It's a wild story because at the time he was just on an AHL deal, right?
No, he was on like a 10-day tryout.
Yeah, it was a PTO.
Yeah, it was a PTO in the middle of the year.
I was up in Vancouver, and we had the same agent.
So he's playing with a straw at Earl's Polo Park.
And he's playing with a straw, and the straw flicks up.
His story is the straw flicks up and hits, uh,
Kirill Koltov who was a Russian D man, I believe.
And Kirill and Fedor were, were tight. So Fedor comes over.
He's like, let's go. We're going outside. We're going to fight.
So like they start beaking back and forth and,
and I guess it got pretty heated and he went and sat down with fetter's billet at a table so
fetter had a billet dad and in the pros and kevin was sitting down with his billet dad and he's like
kevin don't go outside he's like no i think i'm gonna go outside so he goes outside and he
he goes outside and fetter meanwhile it's like november in winnipeg and it's not warm
fetter has a shirt off he's jumping around like carill's out there he's doing leg swings leg
kicks so he he goes and he starts punching and i think fetter caught him with one and carill does
like this spinning leg kick out at him where he's like trying to defend
fend off his leg like his his spinning leg kicks and he caught Federer with one and dropped them
and then that was it he cut him for some stitches and um Berkey called him the next day and he's
like hey you know what you're signed like 100 you signed. And then I guess Stan Smeal called him into the office the next day.
And he's like, Hey,
and Kevin's like, obviously super nervous. You're on a 10 day trial.
Like you have no idea what's going on. And he's like,
I just want to know how hard did you hit him? And he's like,
I got them pretty good. He's like, okay.
Awesome.
Yeah.
Unreal.
Unreal story.
That's a great signing story.
Made a career out of it.
Right.
The hockey question I was going to ask you,
you talked about learning that lesson from Mark Messier early on,
where you make your opponents pay off the face off because it's considered a
battle.
Like what, what helped you make the offensive jump?
Maybe other than ice time, like, you know, you make the offensive jump maybe other than ice
time like you know you had the sedins when you were there like who who were the guys who really
had an impact in advancing your offensive side of your game um to be honest you know i i really think
when we signed matt sundin and pavel dimitra um those were two guys that I actually played on a line with um
I was actually they're trying to convince me to shave my head because they were both bald right
they're trying to get me to pick my head I'm like there's zero chance I'm doing this at all so
just playing with those two guys two veteran guys and and I don't know if you guys
remember when when Matt signed with us it was kind of like it it was like right before Christmas
I want to say like early December and our first game was in Edmonton and this guy had pants he
looked like he was six feet wide his ass looked like he was six feet wide when he went out there
and he was out of shape obviously he didn't skate at all and i think when he came on we didn't win
a game for like seven games like seven straight games we lost and i want to i want to say i'm not
going to say he was out there for every single goal,
but there were some games where he would take a penalty late in the game
and they'd score and they'd go up and we'd lose.
So it was a must-win game against Carolina.
And same thing, we were down 4-3 and Matz takes a penalty.
And this is like to lose game eight.
And Alex Burrows goes down and scores shorthand at the tie of the game.
And this is with like a minute left in the game.
Then we win in overtime.
We break the streak.
Something like that.
It might have been in overtime where he took the penalty,
but that's really how that went about.
But I kind of got off subject.
But Matz taught me so much about how to protect
the puck because he was so good at protecting the puck and then pavel just you know
unfortunately he's not with us anymore but he taught taught me so much about just the little
details the little skill plays a little putting pucks in the areas and to be honest i loved playing
with him because he didn't give a shit like he used to call elaine vignot teaking off and
teaking off would sit on many just be like ah fucking teaking off and then he starts swearing
and and and check or or slovak and uh i i would just I would just start laughing and just those two guys they just
gave me the confidence and when you play with two like hall of famers like that it just brings your
confidence up and really all the attention goes to them and you're left wide open and then once
you start getting success in the NHL it you know it kind of blossoms from there what was matt's like when when that streak was going on was he like chirping himself like was he pretty tight-lipped
guy was he very quiet he was very quiet he was a guy that you know even off the ice i learned
learned a lot from he was always the first one at the rink i'd go in the gym he would be on the bike
looked like he was there for hours just grinding it out on the bike every day,
just trying to get in shape. Right.
And he did that the whole time he was there because he only played that like
half a year with us. And then he had that, he had an extra,
I think it was 10 million bucks for another year. And he just said, no,
I'm good. I'm done. So he,
he honestly was just a quiet guy that really I don't want to say kept to himself
but he was just a quiet leader he he led by example and and that's the way he was
but he did have an epic night in um Toronto when he wanted wanted in a shootout that was a
that was a fun night did you guys go to music and he paid you that thing? Yeah, with the K.
There was probably 7,000 chicks around your guys' tables.
It was a fun night.
Yeah.
Cass, your first coach was Mark Crawford.
Then you had Vigneault after him.
How was your relationship with each guy the first couple years?
Crow was super hard on me.
I got the, let's just say the Sedins put it.
Thank you for coming. And I'm like, why?
They're like, because you're the whipping boy now. And I'm like, oh, okay.
And yeah, he was hard on me, but as hard as Crow was on me,
he really taught me that, you know, young guys can't make mistakes.
And if you're going to make it in this league,
you got to make it in the league with defense first.
And that's what he really, really hammered home with me.
Did that do a lot for my offensive game? No.
Because I was almost scared to make plays out there,
but that's the way it was back then.
You know, you look at young guys now now you know when i watch games they they they make
a lot of mistakes and they're they're allowed to get away with it if i if i made one mistake my
ass was stapled to the bench and i wasn't getting off for the rest of the game like i was just sat
for the rest of the game and i remember this one uh one my in in Chicago was way back in the day, my first year. So like 2004 and
Chicago stadium was not packed at all.
It was like maybe six, 7,000 fans. And when I got my parents' tickets,
they all sat right behind the bench. So it's like us,
coaches, my parents, like right by the tunnel right behind our bench so i got like
my whole family it's like 20 people where they got the whole first row behind the bench
first shift i come over the blue line and make a pass or drop pass to tyler bulk who was on my
line at the time and he takes a shot on that you know good play i'm like oh great drop pass got a
shot covered end zone face off oh let's take Kessler's
I know let's put Naslin's out there and I come to the bench and he comes down he's like if you ever
make a fucking drop pass in this league again you will never play another game in the fucking NHL
and I'm like and I look at the pass rule yeah no drop pass rule so I look at my I like I would tell my parents stories like this
and they they'd be like no way he's such a nice guy and I'm and then they heard it for the first
time they're like their their face was just like white jaws dropped and I'm like yeah this is what
I deal with but you know it was with how how hard he was on me he did instill a lot of good habits
with me he he was a guy that he was a
really good exit he was probably my best bench coach i've ever had but like x's and o's he had
mike johnston who who who i think is a really good assistant coach at that level um but with vigno
now go to vigno and he was a guy that allowed me to spread my wings. We didn't have the best start to our relationship with me signing that offer sheet.
And I was supposed to have a meeting with him that morning where he, I grabbed my equipment.
I said I had to go to a charity event, but I knew I was about to sign an offer sheet.
And Vigneault wanted to meet with me the next morning.
So I'm like, all right, yeah wanted to meet with me the next morning so i'm like all right
yeah i'll see you the next morning knowing i'm not going to see him the next morning because
i'm going to sign the offer sheet with philly so i signed the offer sheet and i drive down to
seattle and they make me wait on it for like six days i'm i'm practicing with the whl team there
yeah they had a week right they had a week to match it yeah and they made me wait wait six
days so i come back and i think training camp was in vernon british columbia and of course they make
me test i missed the first day of testing they make me test the first day at camp so i skate
all day then they make me test after well after the skate vigno grabs me and everybody else
is off the ice i'm like i'm a young guy i'm like oh this is gonna be fun and he grabs me he grabs
my jersey and he goes if you ever fucking lie to me again i will put you into the fucking sixth row
i'm like okay get the fuck out of my face come on what was this offer sheet for it was
it was one year deal right for 1.9 yeah they were offering me uh 800 and I just wanted a million
bucks like 200 more grand and Philly came in out of nowhere and signed me for one year 1.9 and vancouver was strapped at the cap i think and they decided
at the last second to keep me i guess it's crazy looking back like the player of your caliber like
they were thinking about 1.9 imagine that maybe maybe they would and what's interesting i wonder
if it ever came up i had to ask but when you you got picked by Vancouver, Philly was up next.
They took Mike Richards. Did they ever say like, I'm guessing if he's,
if they're signing you to offer sheets,
they probably were pissed when van took you that draft.
Yeah. They were thinking, you know, just talking to, to the, well,
I think I talked through my agent, but they're really excited to have Richards,
Carter, me. and they're like,
we're going to be set up for the next few years down the middle.
Like they were thinking, okay, we got to play against Ovechkin.
We got to play against Crosby.
We got to play against Yarmir Yager with the Rangers.
It's like,
we have a centerman that can match up against them and we'll allow Richards
and Carter to do their thing.
So that was their, their mindset,
which was a good mindset.
It just didn't work out for 1.9.
They might have a cop,
right?
They might've had a cop.
They would've got a second round pick back then.
I think that's why it was 1.9.
Yeah.
This is crazy.
Cass,
were you doing it to tell Vancouver shit to get off the pot?
Or were you genuinely looking for a change of scenery?
No.
He wanted money.
He just wanted a million bucks.
Yeah. I mean, you look at it 1.1 more yeah exactly 1.1 more and i actually bought a boat that summer
that was orange black and white and i named it offer sheet it had offer sheet on the back
oh my god oh they didn't hate you before, they hate you now.
Floating around in Michigan with the offer sheet on the back
that's Philadelphia Flyers colors.
That is too fucking good.
That was the only way I could afford the boat back then,
the 1.1 million.
Why do you think there's still such an unwritten code
about these offer sheets?
They're legal, they're by the book,
but GMs don't want to do them to each other.
Why do you think it's still the way?
Well, I think it's. I wouldn't I wouldn't want it done to me if I was a GM.
I mean, you kind of blackball yourself if you're a GM and you do that. Right.
Yeah, I think when people do it, it's either they really want the player and they really need
to do something drastic to help their team or or they hate the gm one or the other right like
i think it's it's a it's a league where all the gms have to get along and know each other and and
if you're gonna ever make deals with people, because think about it,
you screw over a GM that's well-liked in the league.
You think you're going to make trades with any,
anybody else that's buddies with that guy?
No.
So I think that's the biggest reason why those offer sheets,
you don't see many of them.
A little bit of a fuck you match going between who is it?
Carolina,
Montreal.
That was amazing.
So, so your base is like, is it well known that those guys hate each other?
They have to, right? 100 they have to.
We did it to St. Louis, right?
Where they didn't, they give us an offer sheet,
and then we had to match, and then we gave back as an offer sheet,
and then they, yeah, it happens all the time that's i don't know why i love it i i hope that nhl turns into more
like a nba style like that with the pettiness there's just more to talk about right all right
i'll throw it over to you i think you had one going yeah i was wondering when you did end up
signing back with vancouver was there any animosity from management or front office did
things start to go sideways then or was it you know all water under the bridge when you did end up signing back with vancouver was there any animosity from management or front office did things start to go sideways then or was it you know all water under the bridge when
you went back uh no it wasn't water under the bridge uh we had a good veteran group which
helped me during the time uh we had like naslin morrison bertuzzi trevor linden and they they they could tell like you know i was nervous and they're like what's
going on cassie's like well dave known as who was the gm at the time he's like he just told me i
once have a meeting with me at like seven o'clock at night in his room and i'm like
i'm back like what does he want like I know what he wants to talk about.
And they're like, well, just go in there and don't say anything. Just listen and then leave.
So I go in, I knock on the door, I knock on notice's door.
And Steve Tambolini, who's the assistant GM, he answers the door and he's like, hey,
come sit down.
I look in the room and the blinds are just cracked a little bit right
and lights coming in a little bit of light and he has like this big bed and he's like a chair
sitting across from the other chair dave known as is putting like his hands in his head shaking
his head like he can't believe i did it so i go and he's like have a seat so steve sits on the
the corner bathtub of the room like you know when a seat so Steve sits on the the corner bathtub
of the room like you know when the the jacuzzi's in the corner of the room he's sitting on the
jacuzzi in the corner of the room and he just looks up and he just gave it to me for like 45
minutes about how I fucked over the team and this and that which whatever like did, did I, did I fuck over the team?
I mean, maybe for, for the amount, but at the end of the day,
looking back, he asked me if I'd ever do it again. And I said, no, but, you know, thinking back on it,
they had an opportunity to sign me for a million bucks and they didn't.
And, you know,
I think they overplayed their hand and looking back on it,
I think Noni would want to sign me for a million million bucks rather than let me go to an offer shoot so i come out and and you
know obviously like the guy he he made me tear up and like i was like did i fuck the team over and i
talked and i remember going to morrison's room and he had like five guys in there and they like
talked me off the ledge so like you didn't fuck over the team.
Like that's, that's why veterans are so huge
on a team. And I, you know, it's,
it's sad to see the NHL getting away from those older guys because they,
you know, they might not be, you know, your star players,
but they do have a role in the room,
and they have a role for those young guys.
Did you have a certain way of telling the Sedins apart?
Yeah.
It took me probably a year,
but I finally realized that Hank has a bigger head and it's that simple yeah but like honestly
after like two three years they look like two completely different person people like like
I honestly if I look at them today I I know Danny, I know Hank. They do not look the same to me at all.
And that's just playing with them for 11 years.
Day in and day out, seeing their mugs, you finally get it out.
Yeah, every day.
Those guys were just so fun to watch.
I don't understand.
Playing against them, it's one thing.
Watching as a fan, one thing.
But the stuff you must have seen in practice is what kills me
because there must have been different things.
They didn't even attempt or even pull off in games
that you witnessed daily just practicing with those guys.
Yeah, it's  they  for what  like I know why,
but they have a sixth sense on where each other are.
It was  they wouldn't even look.
They wouldn't talk. It would just it was, they wouldn't even look, they wouldn't talk.
It would just be like spin a Ram up backhand pass sauce through the ice,
right on the tape. And you'd be like, okay.
And they were the most competitive people in practice and they just worked.
They really drove the bus when it came to being in shape. They,
they killed every test they came in at the top of every
single score for testing during training camp and the stuff that obviously playing against them is
hard but just the stuff i would see day in and day out is something that you don't see ever um
you see individual skill but looking at them,
you know, they didn't have the best shot. They didn't have, you know,
the best stick handling skills. They, they,
what set them apart was their mind.
They thought the game so well and their compete was so well,
and they didn't back down from anybody and their passing and their smarts. They just, they made it work and they didn't back down from anybody. And their passing and their smarts, they made it work.
And they're going to the Hall of Fame for a reason
because I consider them generational-type players.
And the thing is, they took a lot of heat early on,
probably before you were there, but I'm sure you heard about it.
The Sedin sisters, all that stuff.
It's like they had to be mentally tough because it wasn't the case of
nowadays where stuff was handed to them at all.
No, no, especially with Crow as their coach.
They expected to play a certain way.
And, you know, talking to him,
I know Danny got sad a couple times in the stands and said he wasn't
playing hard enough and this and that.
And they take abuse.
Like they used to take abuse from the other team.
They, I, I think because watching a day and day out teams would just be like,
we got to play them hard.
We got to hit them.
We got to cross check them.
We just got to get them.
And they would never get off their game ever.
They would just go back and take more punishment.
They'd do their plays and they would, you know,
they win a lot of games for us single-handedly.
I'm guessing the Hall of Fame should be  are you going to be there
when they're inducted coming up?
Yeah.
It should be pretty fun.
Yeah, it's going to be fun.
When you guys made your run to the Cup, you guys played Nashville in what,
the second round?
Second round, yeah.
So I asked a few buddies, like, just like, hey,
from watching Kessler all those
years like what was the one thing that that stuck out and they go i've never seen a player dominate
a series individually on like in hockey the way that you did that that series so there was like
three of them that said that that was the first thing that stood out would you say that that's
the best hockey you ever played in your life and the most you felt on top looking back on it yeah um you know i i would say
that would that probably be by far the the best hockey i've ever played um day in day out it
it's for whatever reason it just seemed like everything was going in every time i shot it
go in and then you know i feel like i was in renny's head a bit and you know i'd use that to my advantage i'd chirp home
and um you know playing against weber and and and um who was i i think the clips are it's a
there's a youtube clip i think it's called like beast mode for anyone who wants to see this this
this series you had,
it's unreal,
but yeah,
you walk through shooter and Weber a couple of different times.
Yeah.
And,
and that's the thing.
It's like the pucks following your own,
right?
You,
you try something that actually works.
So I would say that was probably the best hockey I've ever played,
but saying that like an idiot,
I am play the best hockey.
Oh,
I need new skates.
So I changed skates
after the series I'm like oh we got five games I can't go two more series with these skates
so of course I changed skates and then five games later I just blow my hip out no
like I always like you know we're hockey players we overthink things right I'm like if I didn't
change my skates would I blow my hippo probably but like
you know that's just the what ifs right yeah you just never know it's so you always wonder
so you did that in the series against through the blackhawks no the sharks the i did it yeah
i used new skates for the sharks and i just yeah you know how new skates are was was that the start of your
hip issues or had you already been in no i yeah i've been injured before that i think that was
my second surgery second or third and i think it's well documented and and you you've been very open
about it was that the time where you needed to start the tour at all or was it before that and
you know you talk about maybe that the health impacts later down the road like you put your body through hell to go out there
and compete gave it to the game you gave it to the game yeah the first one was uh my what was that
my third year so i a third year which would be maybe it6, 07, we were playing Dallas in the first round.
And I was just coming back.
I played the first game and it went seven periods
and I broke my finger.
And that's kind of when it started, the Toradol use.
And then after I learned I broke my finger
and it needed surgery, I just told him to cut it off.
And literally I argued with the doctor
for like two hours at like two in the morning. I'm like, no, I'm not doing surgery. You're going to cut it off and literally i argued with the doctor for like two hours at
like two in the morning i'm like no i'm not doing surgery you're gonna cut it off right here just
put me out and cut it off like they're like no we're not gonna do that i'm like do i need this
pointer finger no it's my left hand who needs a pointer finger on their left hand so this went
back and forth like you feel like you were breaking them at some point? Oh yeah. I was like, and then I'm like,
all right,
whatever.
I stormed out of there.
The doctor's like,
I might fucking cut this guy's finger off.
He did him out of my office.
Yeah.
You like refuse to leave his room.
Yes.
So no,
that thing,
you guys know how it is.
It's it's playoff time.
It's you play injured.
You know, that's, that's the way i was
grown up is if you can go out there and lace your skates up and and you know give 70 80 percent
my thought is my 78 percent is better than the last guy's 70 or 100 percent and that's just the
way i thought like if i can help the team and i can be out there and, and even just going on the ice and giving them 80,
a hundred percent of my 80 is, is better than,
than changing up the lineup. So, you know, was I stubborn on, on that?
Did I take a lot of tour at all? Did I take a lot of painkillers?
Did I destroy my body? Absolutely. But I did it.
I did it for the game and I did it for,
for all those guys that were fighting alongside me.
No regrets.
No, no.
Do I, do I wish I wouldn't have taken so many pills to,
to give myself Crohn's apps? Absolutely. But
you take the pills to be able to play, right. You take the shots to be able to play, right?
You take the shots to be able to play.
It's something that I did.
It's something that the team allowed me to do.
And I just, what I wish is I wish I was better educated about it.
That's really what I wish.
So I can make an educated choice.
And to be honest, I wasn't.
And that's kind of
what sucks about the whole thing right um saying that my hips are are trash they're new but um
you know i can finally live a normal life again so did you get hip replacement yeah is it a
different type surgery or so it's a it's called resurfacing so it's uh it's basically uh oh i got it right here
hold on yeah i think i think he posted a photo of like the ball that they put in so this is it
so this is this is what the doctor gave me so this this thing is the socket this thing's the socket
this thing's the ball that's my hip oh so this post goes into my hip and this goes onto my ball in my socket holy
shit and pain free right now pain free um for the most part for the most part like
if i if i walk for a while i have to sit down like my especially my left one my left one's
like a year and a half old, the muscles and
the hip just starts to hurt.
So I'll have to sit down.
But other than that, like I can, I can play with my kids.
I can do, I can golf.
I can, um, get on the ice and coach, but I there's, I tried coming back with my, my first
one and the other one went within like three months.
And I'm like like i'm not
doing this i haven't put i haven't put on my gear and shit two and a half years
did any doctors give you like a heads up like long-term use so this could happen a side effect
so they just give it to you and don't give you any warning whatsoever no there's no warning at all
like the um and it's not that they're they're bad doctors or anything like i you know
i i don't i wouldn't blame them for giving it to me you know but i would like the nhl and the pa
to be better at you know telling the guys the side effects like if i would have known like oh
yeah there's a possibility that this could destroy your gut. Don't take this money.
Then yeah, I wouldn't take that money.
I want to go back to Roberto Luongo. We haven't brought him much,
him much lately. Would you guys trade it from that day?
Did that kind of goose the whole team given his stature in the game and how
good he was?
Yeah. I was,
I was at a Canucks charity event when it came across and unfortunately one of
my, like one of the, one of the guys that took me under his wing, Bertuzzi,
he was in the trade.
And, you know, obviously it was sad to see him go.
But getting a goalie like Louie, it changed our team.
We went from a team that had the skill up front.
We just, you know, goaltending wise,
we needed that, that guy and getting him.
And it's just seeing him day in day out.
Like he is the most awkward guy ever when he,
he has like size 14 feet and he's doing like, he has his routine.
He does before games, like every probably goalie does. And he's a guy that,
he just looks like he's wearing clown shoes and, and, you know,
him playing two touch before the games, it was just like,
how can this guy be a good goalie? And then he goes in and he's world-class.
And, you know, we knew what, and,
and the thing is is he didn't want a day off.
He wanted to play every single game. We had to like tell him, no,
you're not playing every single game. You got to like,
we're saving you for playoffs. And, you know,
I think when we got Corey Schneider and those two emerged together,
that's when Louie was like, okay, taking days off.
And those two together really helped propel our team.
Outside of his play.
Like what else did he bring to the team in the locker room?
We know on Twitter, he's hilarious, but we haven't heard too much of him.
And he was captain for a while.
Oh yeah. He was a captain for a year i remember that conversation um
vigno called us all in i think it was like matthias
olin the sedins me and uh someone else and um
he calls us all in and he's like, well,
Louie's our best player. So he's going to be captain.
Even though the NHL won't recognize him as a captain,
he's still going to be our captain. And we're like, wait, what? Okay.
Whatever. What is going on? Yeah, exactly.
And then he couldn't get the C on the jersey so he had it on like oh yeah right on his flavor
saver flavor saver c what a beauty i had to go take a quick piss but like like was he the leader
of the team you may have already answered that like he he did you know it was tough it was
it was a tough job and i think that's why i only did it for one year. You don't have a pulse on the bench.
You don't have really a pulse with what's going on in the game.
His job was to stop the puck and he can't go up and talk to the referee.
So do I think it was a good, good choice?
You know, I do think he was our best player,
but I think there's a reason why goalies can't be named captain is because,
you know, you know, they can't, they can't talk to the refs.
They can't lead their crease. And to be honest for us,
it was tough because he would come in and say some stuff. Absolutely.
Like try to lead by example or lead by, you know,
being the rah-rah guy in the room. And he did a good job at it,
but I think you need a player to be a captain, 100.
Yeah, even you just saying it, like, then he's got to come back TV timeouts.
And, like, you don't want to feel like he thinks he has to say something
where it's like, yo, you just got to stay in the zone and stop the puck.
You said words of encouragement from somebody on the bench,
like understanding, you know, what's happening right now encouragement from somebody on the bench like understanding you
know what's happening right now in the game and what needs to be said maybe the coach is fucking
giving it to one of the guys and he says hey enough you know like that shit happens exactly
and then you know i think louis realized that and i think lou was like okay i'm not doing this next
year he loved playing poker didn't he was a big poker
player he was a big online poker guy and he was very mad when when that got taken away from him
he was a guy that uh honestly played i don't think his wife moved the one year and he i was
i was so i was sub penthouse with him. He had one side. I had the other side.
I honestly didn't see him the entire year.
I wouldn't want to take a black light to that Penthouse, that's for sure.
Cass, I know Halloween is right around the corner here.
I heard you had a Sylvester costume a few years back.
That was a big hit.
Want to share anything with us? You talk to bx huh i know nothing um yeah so so where was it oh was that uh uh west oak piers in vancouver and shock. I show up early like the idiot I am.
And I'm in this full like mascot costume, head to toe Sylvester.
And I'm just sitting on like this high like perch outside.
And I just, I don't say a word.
I show up early and I'm just sitting there.
I don't move.
And people are walking, like the
team's walking by me, looking at me like, who's this guy? And like, no one, even like random,
like people in the streets are like, who the hell is this guy? And no one knows it's me.
So everybody goes in. And finally, after like an hour of just fucking with people, I go into the
party and I get a straw. I'd never take my my mask off and it wasn't until the next day that
had uh i uh i revealed who i was hey uh i had this written down you fought jerome again low
is that one of your toughest competitors like what was that like jerome fucking hated me man
oh my oh that guy pre-season he's like all right we're doing this let's go i go buddy it's preseason
relax stay with me even i'm like hey calm down like easy there captain selfish like relax
wow oh my god you would say that to him would that just get him fucking losing you know what
the actual you talked a lot of shit i talk so much shit. Like, Oh yeah.
Like it was a whole thing.
They told me to shut up.
They said,
don't talk to him.
Cast like,
you're just going to rile him up and then he's going to score three goals. And then the game's going to be over.
So like,
I wouldn't talk to him.
Then as soon as he scores,
of course,
I can't help myself.
Oh,
you know,
you scored a goal.
Finally.
Oh my God.
You must be happy.
You're losing six to one,
but I was got less
he uh he's probably well i know he's probably a guy i would love to play with like he plays
with his heart on his sleeve he he he played he played to win and he played to kill like
and the first fight i had against him he could have absolutely demolished me with a flying haymaker
I thought the fight was over I was just puffing wind and the refs come in and then they let off
and and this haymaker I felt the wind go by my face and I'm like oh thank god that didn't hit me
hey I love how you're like he could have like in my head i'm like oh he let up
on him you know he's trying to he just missed he missed he missed yeah um so he was a pretty
classy guy in the media would he be vocal in the media about how much he hated you or would he keep
it uh would he no no he's not like johansson he he kept it professional yeah he never cracked
that's the one thing i respect the most about him
and he like there i think i might be wrong here i felt like there was like a couple times where
like calgary media was getting on him i might be dead wrong here but he always was like he always
kept it positive and so professional like yeah he's fucking nuts yeah classy guy right like he
he's a guy that uh first class on the ice first class off the ice like even even
when we got in our chirping faster he wanted to fight i think that's the guy i fought the most in
my career is is him i think we've we fought like four times so um he's definitely one of those guys
that um i would love that love to have had on my team um did you ever meet him off the ice and like have a decent
interaction or no never never but i i know i'm gonna sucker you at the supermarket oh yeah 100
he would have you used to battle with cory perry too and then i remember at the olympics you just
screaming at him on the ice on the bench i was like i remember being like that's when i was like kessler's a fucking animal like
you and him must have had some wars back in the day oh yeah you know i i remember what you coming
off the uh i think it was after the second period the first game we played them yep and you scored
the best empty netter of all time you're in their fucking head, Cass. You're in both their heads. Keep doing it.
Keep doing it.
They were so mad.
They were fucking so mad.
Oh, my God.
But that was the best.
I just said that was the best empty net goal maybe of all time,
would you say, at least for you?
Oh, yeah.
Remember that, Biz?
I'm surprised I didn't get a penalty looking back at it.
If I would have missed the puck,
I probably would have taken a penalty like an idiot. i just saw the puck and i'm like i don't even know what i was
thinking it just went in caspism i mentioned the stanley cup a few minutes ago the cup run
versus the bruins in 2011 sorry to bring up a sore subject but how come vancouver looked like
such a different team in boston than they did at home during that series what what was such the
big difference obviously allowed building but you guys looked like the opposite team
when you were in Boston.
You know what?
If you look back at the series, I think the call against Aaron Rome
with the Nathan Horton hit, I think that's what changed the series.
If you look at that game, we are all over them at the start of the game.
All over them.
Then they call that five-minute major or whatever.
The league suspends Aaron Rome, which it was like a second is not considered late.
It was like 1.2 seconds.
The.2 seconds late is apparently a six-game suspension.
Or, yeah, a five-game suspension.
In the Stanley Cup Finals, which is a 25-game suspension in a regular season.
Let's call a spade a spade.
That's a lot of inflation, Cass.
I'll give you like 12.
I'll give you 12.
12.
Okay, 20.
I'll give you 20.
I think they say one playoff game is three regular season,
and then if you go to the final,
you could argue that a final game could be four regular season.
So he's not actually that crazy.
That's how Canadians view it.
Six Stanley Cup games is basically like life in prison.
No parole.
No parole. No, but I think that was the that was electric chair yeah that was the turning point absolutely you know we you look at that and then the way they
were calling the series it wasn't to our game we're a team that yeah we were physical and we
like to muck it up but they just wanted to beat the shit out of us and they allowed everything to happen
and you know saying saying that we we kind of allowed it and we didn't we had no pushback
and especially in boston when you start they start pouring it on and pouring it on and that
locker room is the worst in the league by the way that visitor room the boston bruins visitors room i mean i played in
the coast so like that's that's still a resort to me right i'll stay at a three star i'll stay
at the cockroach instant i don't even think a peewee tee would fit in that in that uh locker
room it was tight it was tight it wasn't comfy but those fans fans are ruthless. Like, there's stories about, you know, my wife going there for game six
and all the wives going there because we could have won in game six
and people pissing in a cup and throwing piss on people.
Holy shit.
It was just  it was ruthless.
You're looking at one of them.
It's Rear Admiral.
There was a busload of Philly fans who came up for the game.
Yeah, right, all right.
Chucking piss on guys' wives.
Come on.
Class it.
And then if they would have won, he would have been in their room celebrating.
Hey, how about those assholes up in the crowd, eh?
On his disposable.
Oh, yeah.
But going into game seven, i honestly thought we were gonna win
i there was no nothing in my mind that was like no like i was like no we're gonna win no matter
what like we're gonna do this at home we can't lose like zero chance so on the way to the rink
i get pulled over by a cop and like literally right in front of the stadium.
And you know Vancouver.
Vancouver's crazy, right?
And Stanley Cup final, game seven.
Imagine all the fans outside.
So they start recognizing it's me, and they start just giving it to this poor cop.
And they gave it to him so badly.
He's like, just get the fuck out of here.
And he let me go.
Now, were you guys like,
he's now in the witness protection program because the fan base thinks it
threw the feng shui off. That's how crazy those fans are.
Yeah. A hundred percent.
That was a wild night, but going into that last game,
I remember I was actually in the arena walking around and I'd seen a couple
of guys with your team. They seem kind of real tense. You know,
nobody smiled and then the Bruins were all playing soccer on the corner.
So were you guys just a little too tense going into that game?
You think, or were you guys, you know, Lucy goosey?
You know, I think, you know, I think we're confident, but at the same time,
it's, it's a Stanley cup game seven team. That's never,
never won it before the team that, you know,
you're playing in a Canadian market. And I do think that's never, never won it before. Um, the team that, you know, you're playing in a Canadian market. And I do think that's,
that's why it's so hard to win in a Canadian market is because, uh,
you know, it's, it's the, the, the stress, the,
the pressure's amplified that much and, uh,
the fans live and die by 13.
And we,
I do believe we felt stressed.
I do believe we,
we felt the pressure and I just,
I think if we were to score the first goal,
we would have been all right.
But after letting up the first one,
it kind of deflated us and we had no response.
Later on.
And it was years,
years later,
but you ended up agreeing to a trade to anaheim
you had no trade clause at the time correct yeah yeah no trade that must have been hard though
right with the career you'd had and it must have been difficult to say goodbye even though it was
kind of looking like the down times were beginning right van from my understanding you did you ask for that i did yeah
oh shit yeah so that that turned the fan base on you a little bit well yeah yeah well i think why
the fan base was so upset with me because i quote unquote why lied to him which i lied to him because I was told by upper management and the PR people
to not say that I wanted for,
wanted to trade because someone leaked it.
And then I had media asking about it and I'm like, no.
And they gave me this whole spiel on, on what to say. I mean,
what you played in Canada, you know what it's like.
You're in one.
It's it's they gave me like this whole page
of you know say this this this this and this and I said it and then all of a sudden it comes out and
someone said I wanted a trade and and you know yeah I did ask for a trade but it was mainly so
that um well one I you know I wanted to win a cup and it was going like this in Vancouver.
The good years were over and I wanted to go to a contender where I could win a cup and get that feeling like 2011 again.
And I just, to be honest, I wanted to live a normal life with my family.
And I wanted to have them go to school and not be known as
Ryan Kessler's daughter. But before
you went to Anaheim, you were there for Torch's
one and done. How was that experience playing
Torch for a year? I
love Torch. I absolutely love the guy. He's
a fucking beauty.
He is one of those guys that
it doesn't matter if it's game
one or game 80 or any game in between, he comes in and he's the best motivational speaker ever. He'll come in and he's a military guy, right? And he's just such a, I have a love-hate with him.
And he's a guy that, you know, first he comes in, he rips my off my chest and he tells me that, you know, my team doesn't trust me.
And, you know, the management doesn't trust me and I don't work hard enough in this.
And he's just like cut me down. I think this is all part of his plan. Right. Like, like just come in and make a big splash and, and, you know, go at me because he, you know, I think he knew I could take it.
And so, you know, continue it. And he starts.
So it's around what one's trade deadline, February. So I'm in Phoenix.
I think I get traded to Pittsburgh trade ends up being a hoax or,
or something happened.
So the next day, like we play, play the next day in Dallas. I want to say,
we, we played like shit. I think we lost like five, nothing come in.
And we go over video and, and every clip's just about me like over and over.
And he finally stops the clip and he's like,
I'm fucking worried about you, Cass. I'm really worried about you. You want out of here? And I said, you don like i'm fucking worried about you kes i'm really worried about you
you want out of here and i said you don't have to fucking worry about me and trade deadlines
passed now right i'm staying um and i'm like you don't have to fucking worry about me like
fuck you he's like fuck you and it just goes back and forth and like he's i stand up in my stall
he's his his nose is like in my chest and I'm looking down at him like,
you want to make this about me and you? Yeah, I want to make this.
And we just went back and forth and I had, and then he's, he's like,
he throws a tantrum, he throws the remote and he's like,
I'm fucking out of here. And he leaves. So he, like,
I had a bunch of young guys coming up like oh that's the best thing i've ever
seen because no one stands up to the guy like like everybody respects him but they're also scared of
him so he comes up on the onto the ice and i'm skating around he comes up and he shoves me on
the ice like the t like this is in vancouver like there's cameras in the in the bleachers or in the
stands and they're all like and i'm like holy shit we're doing this right now
i'm gonna fight a coach like i'm fighting a coach on the ice right now and that's going through my
mind and he pushes me again and i turn to him and he's like i fucking love it kes that's that's why
that's why you're gonna be back if i'm back here and you're back here you're gonna get your a back
and i go torts i'm not gonna be back here
and you know you're not gonna be back here so that's not gonna happen and he starts laughing
he skates away that is an all-time fucking story that's awesome time story hey that's how those
guys are they want fucking guys to bark back at them. He wants that reaction.
He wants it.
We had Foligno on here.
I told the story on the TNT broadcast.
Like, he fucking got there, and I believe Foligno was the captain,
and he called him in.
He's like, I don't think you're captain material.
Yeah.
Right?
Isn't that what he said when he came on?
And then, like, but Foligno was like, he's like, I didn't fucking, like,
I didn't go poopy pants.
He's like, I wanted to fucking prove to this motherfucker that I was a captain, and he did. And, like, eventually torts came around. He's like, fuck, I was like, he's like, I didn't fucking like, I didn't go poopy pants. He's like, I wanted to fucking prove to this motherfucker
that I was a captain.
And he did.
And like, eventually Torts came around.
He's like, fuck, I was wrong about you.
Like, he loves, he loves to challenge guys.
He wants that back.
So then you go from Torts to Bruce Boudreaux.
What kind of culture shock was that?
Brucey.
That guy, he's a beauty.
That guy is, it was weird because like, you in anaheim our kids our kids weren't
allowed to be at the arena and um in vancouver our kid my kids grew up at the rink like i'd bring my
kids every day so that was a culture shock one and they got brucey and and brucey i remember like
one of my first games i there was a trainer door that was connected. I like the doors cracked and it goes into the head coach's office.
And I peek in there and you got Bruce with a big Coke and a bag of
popcorn.
And he's laying back in his chair with his head back and he's just
sleeping.
And this is like minutes before he's coming in to talk to us.
I'm just like, I look at, and the trainer just gives me one of these like, Oh, well, I don't know what,
I'm like, you might want to wake him. He's supposed to go.
But that, that was a complete cost. It like best human,
like just salt to the earth kind of guy, like little quirky, but like,
I love the guy. Like he he's, he's a, a really good dude um he allows you to play he that's why he
has really good regular season uh teams is is he allows people just to play like he doesn't get on
guys and he just allows you to be creative within his system what's his system
I don't think barbecue wings yeah I don't know any of us know what did you say lit
eat barbecue wings oh no leave some of it on your shirt uh uh you fuck it oh it's so funny
he he used to have steak and then he piled meat sauce on top of it and you wouldn't even know he
had a steak under there the guy's an all-time
beauty all-time beauty sneaking cookies oh my god oh so uh was he a good motivator you guys
know bob murray at all he was our gm yeah bob's a real nice guy. Very friendly. Fun to be around.
I was a big fan.
Very friendly guy.
So he would ask me, like, hey, Cass.
And this is like an old school line.
He's like, hey, Cass, how you feeling?
And I'm like, and obviously I was banged up from my hip.
I'm like, ah, I feel like a million bucks, Bob.
Problem is you're paying me seven.
And he'd just shake his head and, like, walk away.
Like, just disgusting.
Like, legit pissed?
Legit pissed.
He was always pissed.
Like, I'd never seen him.
I mean, I was there for one year.
I never saw him happy once.
Granted, he traded Kunitz for me, so every time he saw me, he's like,
this guy's going to get me fired. like this guy's gonna get me fired
these are the citizens that killed me
I was injured with my hip
and I was coming
it was Halloween party and I went as
like Big Bird but like Big Bird it was
like seven feet tall like I looked out of
like the neck it was feathers everywhere
and I bought
like I think like ten costumes
and there was like ten of us that went as Sesame
Street characters I I ordered a big yellow school bus we showed up at the party we all got out of
the school but it was great so the next day I show up to the rink before the guys go on I get
dressed in another room with like this big bird costume on and I go and I start skating around
the ice and everybody's
just looking at me like you're an idiot i didn't know i was shedding feathers the whole time so
you can imagine how pissed randy carlisle and bob murray was that they spent like 30 minutes
plucking feathers off the ice before practice you got a bunch of nhl players just scooping feathers off the ice um was was this a rumor did you and bx are getting a scrap in an elevator
uh it might have happened i don't recall if it did no no it wasn't it was cassian
oh okay okay yeah him and cassian yeah because uh you know obviously you guys had a bunch of
your battles but i actually texted him and he said, ask him about the Superman tattoo, but it was a K.
Oh, yeah.
You had to remove.
Yeah.
Where was that?
I didn't have it removed.
I still have it.
It's, you know, when you're 17 and you think you're Superman, you know, you obviously do stupid shit.
And now I at least know not to do stupid shit when I look at it.
Is that he's thrown the pumpkin tattoo with?
Yeah, this is his favorite time of year, though.
He's got a stale pumpkin on his arm.
Free comfort charge.
October, he's living good.
What's the Michael Jackson song?
And then he goes, ask him about the one night
at the hotel when rooming together we watched paranormal activity and he made me turn the light
on i made him turn the light on he would he he doesn't watch it oh he's cheap no he says that
you made him no this guy won't even watch chucky or child's play like he he he hates scary
movies hates it and i'm like i'm a big scary movie guy like i i love this but wouldn't watch it
i did i did no i did watch paranormal activity on the plane and i was i was petrified petrified
that scared the shit out of me that movie but
I'd never turned the lights on he was a big light guy he had his sound machine he needed like the
first time he brought it to the room I'm like I wake up and I hear this like static and I think
he's in the shower and I hear it for like two hours and I'm like this guy's still in the shower
I roll over he's still sleeping in the bed it's it's his he brought like this portable sound
machine on the road i'm like what is this it's like white noise right yeah white noise yeah
so what's the song there's only one guzzler all about jesus guzzler oh guzzler i i don't know
where they came up with this but apparently uh they started calling me the guzzler? Oh, Guzzler. I don't know where they came up with this,
but apparently they started calling me the Guzzler.
I don't know why.
That's a tough nickname.
It is a tough name.
Thanks for bringing that one up.
What a handle.
Haven't heard that name in like 15 years.
It wasn't the hips.
It was actually because he got the nickname the Guzzler that made him retire.
Was it difficult retiring?
Like not being able to be in that rhythm and going to the rink?
Like how much did you miss that when you first got out of the game?
It was brutal.
I missed it a lot.
I think that's part of the reason we moved back to Michigan
is because I just didn't want to see anything Anaheim.
I didn't want to be like in the same place that I was playing professionally.
I just thought it would bring back too many feelings about going to the rink
and my routine and that.
So we decided to move back just to kind of start a new life.
And it's been good.
Saying that, it's been hard.
And the things I miss the most is the stuff we talk about, you know,
the locker rooms, the stories going on the road,
hanging out with the boys having 23 guys that have the same goal as you to,
to, you know, just,
just going on the ice every day and having that set routine of, of you know,
game day, non game day. And, but the things that, uh, you know, game day, non-game day. And, but the things that I missed,
you know, I don't miss anymore. The birthdays, uh, you know, Christmas, all, all the stuff that,
you know, having to leave on the 26th after Christmas, um, is brutal and, you know,
being able to spend time with family and, the kids around grandma and grandpa and their aunts and uncles was really important to us.
So saying that, you know, I still do miss it.
I mean, there's always going to be a part of me.
Those were, you know, some of the best years of my life is being able to play in front of 18,000 fans.
But not only that, but just the friendships and the bonds you grow, you know,
that you last for a lifetime. But even when you don't see each other,
you still like when you see each other, it's like,
you guys have never left. Right. So that's the, that's the stuff I miss.
What's the latest with the Kess house?
We're going to go there, right?
Our army said it's like a compound and you got everything he said
it's the sickest house look at this on youtube folks it's one of the sickest houses i've ever
seen him where is that it's in uh in like detroit metro area west bloomfield oh it's uh it's it's on
a private lake which is nice so we don't't get the jet ski idiots that just come,
come on the weekends and rip around. So it's a, it's a,
it's a pretty calm lake and we, you know,
it evolved over time, but it is, it is a bit of a compound.
It's kind of ridiculous, but it's, it's,
it's where we retired and it's, it's, it's our forever home.
So we're in this for the long haul.
And the thing with Kess's house is we're going to start another season. But, you know, just I think Sportsnet changed bosses
and I don't know what happened.
Apparently the new boss is, I don't know,
apparently doesn't like my show.
And they canceled me.
Hey, what's a jet ski idiot?
A guy that
has one jet ski
on one trailer,
pulls it in, and he's one
guy. Or he might bring his
buddy and go nuts to butts, but
he pulls it in, he docks it he probably loses it
has to go swim for it it's his first time jet skiing probably doesn't have his boater's license
and then he has no idea what he's doing he's he's jumping wakes behind tubers you know like
you should like i don't yell a lot anymore but like when people are doing stupid shit
behind my boat,
my kids are on the tube.
Oh, I let them have it.
I wonder if Johnny Goodrow is a jet ski idiot.
Oh, I heard about him being a jet ski idiot.
Johnny boy, he's probably happy.
I'm out of league.
That guy took some some abuse from me.
Oh, man.
That's good. I think there's a lot of guys
that are probably pretty happy. They don't have to deal
with you anymore, Cass, but that's
what made you who
you were. That's what made you so effective.
And then you could also score like Biz brought
up. So I know we've kept you a
long time. I can't thank you enough, dude, for
joining the show. It's long overdue.
Oh, thanks for having me, guys. It was fun.
We'll get out to Kess's house.
Hey, we'll get out to Kess's house.
Yeah, could we do a piece with you? We'll come
live on your compound.
Yeah, live in the guest house as long as you want.
I'm in. Sign me up.
What's the 10 events? Like a di-cath-a-lon?
Di-cath-a-lon?
I have no idea.
Let's do it, though.
Yeah, we'll do like 10 different events buddy this has been awesome i could talk to
you for fucking days our fans are gonna love this you're a warrior congratulations on an
unbelievable career fuck five selkie nominations i'm glad you got that one league award man that's
something to be proud of so thank you i know you never got your cup buddy but it's not
it's not for a lack of trying buddy you laid it on the line so thank you so much for joining us and biz thanks why you might get a he might uh get a quebec peewee
championship coming a lot everywhere hey you never know luck in that cast i love it yeah thanks buddy
maybe we'll do a sandbag or sometime buddy get those competitive juices flowing just don't
fucking elbow me on the course you're one of us oh yeah let's do it i'm in boys let's do it
stay healthy buddy thanks a bunch me on the course you spear one of us oh yeah let's do it i'm in boys let's do it to you cass
stay healthy buddy thanks a bunch
that interview was brought to you by verizon and like i said before the interview if you sign up
now you can get a new google pixel 7 pro it's unbelievable there's never been a better time
to switch to verizon guys i have been with verizon the beginning. My first ever cell phone in America. I bought it in Washington, PA.
I've been with Verizon since the beginning,
North American plans out the yin yang. They can be relied on.
I love you Verizon. And now onto the show, man.
I want to send huge thanks once again to Ryan Kessler for a fantastic
interview. Hopefully you all enjoyed it as well,
but moving right along here for teams will either don't go to a bad so far.
It's early in the season, but the Dallas stars four Oh, and one so far,
Dallas has gotten at least a point in every game earned nine out of 10.
They sit, they sit atop the conference for now it's early,
but Jake Audja picked up where he left off in the playoffs last year.
He's won all four of his starts and given up just five goals.
Good for eight, nine, five, nine, say. Joe Pavelski, what you just mentioned,
became the oldest player in franchise history to have a hat trick,
passing Brad Hull.
Him and his line mates, Rupe Hintz and Jason Robinson,
each have seven points, but looks like they're getting things done.
The Pete DeBoer, how busy down there?
They're humming along.
I think we did a TNT panel interview, and they said which team,
although I kind of shit on dallas in the situation of you
know having to overpay guys and really wasn't confident in what they were going to be able to
do coming into the season i contradicted myself in saying if there's one coach who could get it
done it's pete the boar like he's used to going into new environments and turning things around
quick uh multiple stanley cup finals appearances with different teams, obviously, and used to having to deal with certain personalities.
So I would say that Pavelski still playing at the level that he's fucking playing at is,
I shouldn't be surprised by it, but he just continues to produce.
Sagan has been off to an unbelievable start right from fucking game one.
I think he had three apples in game one
um and just this robertson missed training camp and him still doing what he's doing
rupe hints they have some bad contracts but that's one guy who they got on a good one and he's a big
motherfucker and he can move around the ice and you look at a guy they lost in the chushkin where
they couldn't get a big fucking body who skated well to that.
That basically is a guy who replaced that significant loss.
So overall, and then they got the guys in the back end and then Ottinger right back up to his old business.
So I tell you what, I was I said that they were a bubble team, but would not make playoffs.
They look full fledged, ready to shove it up my hoop with the way that they've been playing out of the gate so i didn't see this one coming i didn't remember biz i mentioned that
they were kind of like we didn't know we could we could have seen it going either direction
um but deborah is just that guy especially when he goes somewhere right away he's he knows what
he's doing that's a successful nhl. He probably looked at that roster and thought,
I can get a lot more out of this than what's been going on.
And the only worrisome thing about, well, the future, but hints,
this is the last year of hints is deal.
So as good of a deal it is right now, that guy's got to get paid.
And that's where you look at the contracts that we've mentioned before
in terms of how you're going to figure out how to pay the guys
that are young and up and coming.
But Roberts are playing this well though that that's not i mean
that that's the new nhl right there the old school ways guys come in out of shape maybe not ready to
go not being in camp this dude was prepared he looks awesome um i the mason marchment signing
too man we saw we saw the end-to-end goal think he got the first gate, one of the first games of the year that was a beauty and then Ottinger.
It's like, you got this goalie. I mean, this guy is 1.25 goals against right
now and five, he's got five goals against the four games.
So I like where this team is at, right? I really do.
I think that they're going to be a playoff team in just,
this is the beginning, right? There's a lot of hockey left to be played,
but there's not much to dislike about this team.
And the main reason it's like you don't want to give coaches
too much credit as a former player, I guess.
But he obviously looked at this team and figured,
I can get a lot more out of them.
And so far, it looks like that.
And team toughness, too.
Like I know for what maybe Jamie Benn doesn't do offensively,
I would probably say that he's a pretty feared guy
on the ice most nights, right?
You could throw him in the heavyweight category
based on guys who are willing to go.
He, to me, is almost like the new Getzloff,
where Getzloff was one of those guys, too,
who was willing to throw with anyone.
Didn't he fucking throw down with Joe Thornton one year
right off the faceoff?
Oh, yeah.
Yeah, he'll go against the big boys. So with March so with marchment coming into they have this overall team toughness which
is like it's all you really need because that fucking marchman he'll feel he'll throw fucking
he'll throw the lumber too man and i think the only game they lost it was they still got a point
it was in toronto when robertson's brother had two goals, including the game winner. So, yeah, they look good. That must have been a special night for the family.
They could be 5-0, no problem.
The Detroit Red Wings, I think it's fair to say they got a chicklets bump
after we had new head coach Derek Lalonde on.
3-0-2 out of the gate, 8 out of 10 possible points.
But we've got to talk about Dylan Lackin ensuring one of those points.
I know it happened right after we taped last week.
Robertson of the Kings going in to seal it with an empty netter,
and he had a moment to shoot.
He just wanted to finesse it a little more,
and Dylan Lockett right between his legs, poked it away.
Detroit comes down, ties it up late,
and yeah, that could be a huge point come playoff time,
all because of the captain's hustle.
Great point, but the Red Wings themselves, man,
getting Huso for a third rounder,
looking like a Stevie Bongrips heist so far.
2-0-1 goals against 939, say percentage. 2-0-1 record with a shout-out. I mean, bong rips high so far two oh and one uh goals against nine three nine
eight percentage two oh one record with a shout out i mean this guy's been unreal so far the
delcovich is no slouch either so because what have you been seeing with the redwigs thus far
yeah i don't like why a third rounder like what happened there like he must have had like a private
investigator following him around or something and had something on him. Right. No, I'm serious. That was, that was bizarre.
And then they,
he got Nadelkovich for not much either the summer before.
So you get the envelope.
There's a hooker sucking you off in the backseat of a fucking Uber car.
You're like,
ah,
fucking Christ.
I love,
I love,
I gotta give up my starter for a third rounder.
Jesus Christ.
Binnington looks sick though.
Get on the floor.
Hey, Perron. what did I say?
Cup winner, leader, veteran, plays with an edge.
He's leading the team in goals already.
And you know what?
Dominic Kubelik, who underrated player,
no player in the Detroit Red Wings has had,
there's one player that's had more points
through the first five games of the season since 1992 than Cooper League's eight points this year that was Paul Coffey had 10 points
through five games played in 92-93 so what a start for him as a Red Wing and and man I
if let me get all your guys pick if you had to pick a team make the playoffs Buffalo or Detroit
who you going with I can't get these teams out of my mind.
When I think of one, I think of the other.
I was going to say that I have Detroit.
I have Detroit ahead of Buffalo right now.
Because of the goaltending?
Well, yeah, just like you mentioned all these pieces too.
Like Kubelik was a guy.
I want to say he was like fucking, wasn't he like third in Calder voting
the year he was a rookie?
He had over 20 goals.
Like what, like what, what happened to him in the meantime?
I think he's 30 that year.
Yeah.
Maybe, maybe he had 30.
What was he, was he second or third runner up?
So like they all of a sudden just like did a good job of acquiring all
these like legitimate pieces.
And you mentioned Perron, like you knew right away.
It's almost like the
age doesn't uh affect what he's gonna bring physically but his mind just understands the
game whether it's power play situational hockey like he's he's got it ingrained his brain he's
like a he's a fucking crafty crafty player so they just got so many good mixed in with these young guys. Kubelik had in 2019, 2020, in 68 games, he had 30 goals and 16 assists.
Yeah.
And then he just like, like, fuck.
And then all of a sudden he ends up on Detroit.
Like, what were the trades?
Where did he go before coming over from Chicago?
Yeah, that was it.
And then over to over to Detroit.
He must have had him a fucking private investigator following around what did they have to give up to get him oh what i think
it was ufa i thought well listen though this is without this starts without cop scoring yet too
ufa one of the big uh oh kubelik was ufa correct yes okay so that's a that's a great signing and
then they got cop in the u. He hasn't scored yet.
He'll get going.
And the third line, dude, it's three monsters.
It's Rasmussen with Soderbaum and Sundquist.
I mean, that might be the biggest line in NHL history.
It is.
I think they announced it as the biggest line.
It's the creative player mode.
All these players, they did bring in this year at Biz.
Players in the first season in Detroit, 11 goals, 14 assists,
for a total of 25 points.
Way better than any other teams who brought in a bunch of new guys.
So, so far, so good for the London.
R.A., you didn't answer Witt's question, though.
Who do you have making the playoffs, the Sabres or the Red Wings?
Detroit, based on the goaltending as well.
Me as well.
Plus, I think they were a little ahead of Buffalo in the development
going into the season as well. So, I think they were a little ahead of Buffalo in the development going into the season as well.
So I would I would take Detroit over Buffalo.
And Merle, our boy Merle's EBR.
Please follow him if you want to win money.
He had his game of the month.
He had his game of the month.
And it was Detroit on Sunday against Anaheim.
They worked them an easy win puck line and money line.
And that was his also preseason.
I think better this season was their over points. I think it was eighty four, eighty three and a half. I think it was eighty four and money line. And that was his also preseason. I think better this season was there over points.
I think it was 84, 83 and a half.
I think it was 84 and a half.
So Detroit's looking good.
Did you see that?
As any man on the planet right now.
They already got eight.
Nadelkovich, he was standing behind Emily Kaplan
while she was doing the report.
He put a piece of tape on his blocker saying, hi, mom.
So it would be right behind us.
Pretty, pretty nice little gesture.
I don't know if you guys saw the tweet that was out there all right a classy move i gotta say hi to mom when
you can and also uh we want to send our best wishes to jacob barana uh he'll be away for a
little bit uh he's gonna be with the player assistance program he checked himself into that
so it's personal private we just know uh we wish the best for him and hopefully he's back out in
the ice soon because we hate to see guys have to go that route. But he's getting help, and that's a good thing.
All right, boys.
Your old team, the Pittsburgh Penguins.
4-0-1, 9 out of 10 possible points so far.
Crosby just getting it done.
Big shocker.
Three goals, seven assists in five games.
How about this?
Sid has 424 multi-point games, the most among active players.
He has 101 more multi-point games than zero- games which is stunning to say that out loud uh he passed dougie gilmore for 19th on the all-time points list and his 79th game
winner he got the other night is a franchise best and he's going against mcdavid well on monday
night so we're going to talk about the gino birthday cake i asked you guys did he remember
you guys giving us the propensity to forget teammates did he know your names have you watched
the video already?
I watched it, but I'm saying when you first met him.
I don't know if you met him right when the video was playing.
I watched the video.
That's why I brought it up.
It was a joke because he doesn't know.
No, no, he remembered us.
He remembered us.
He asked Witt first thing, and we call on camera.
He's like, you making more money now with the vodka?
First thing out of his mouth, he asked us about dough.
That's the Russian in him.
Hey, why are they playing the
I don't know if you realize.
You know it was his cake, not his kids, right?
Right.
Well, yeah, we figured that out.
It was the joke because he never remembers his teammates' names.
That was more of a joke than anything.
Let me play that clip now, boys.
I'll play the clip now of him saying he is the king.
It was so bad, we got the draft to it.
Before you came. I was part of the team. That was so bad. They signed him. he is the king it was so bad we got the draft to it before you came i was
part of the team that was so bad they signed him it's not my fault hey how about your son's birthday
cake fourth fourth cup oh yeah i saw i saw that it's my wife on instagram yeah business my cake
it's not fun it's my birthday it was your birthday no lion No, Lion King. Lion King. Yeah.
He's the king.
Yeah, I'm king.
That was his cake?
That was his cake.
I think you have more money now than like you playing cash.
Fuck yeah, I do.
Who made more money?
You or him?
He's on TNT now.
He's on TNT now.
He's on TNT now.
He's on TNT now.
He's on TNT now.
He's on TNT now.
He's on TNT now.
He's on TNT now.
He's on TNT now.
He's on TNT now.
He's on TNT now. He's on TNT now. He's on TNT now. He's on TNT now. He's on TNT now. No rubles? No rubles?
He's a superstar now.
He's a superstar.
He's not too like who?
Like Wayne Gretzky?
Oh, yeah.
He talks to Gretzky all the time.
Hey, you have a Wayne Gretzky phone?
I understand that.
There you go.
And R.A., fair enough.
He knew who we were.
He actually might not have known our names. All right.
We should have had the have told me my name yes
to quiz him we should that's why we needed you there r-ray he's like hey maybe get that get that
so as workout so we can have you there next time quizzing him for the for the behind the scenes
that would have been funny though there's probably teammates he's played with for three years that he
does not know their names he's a big dude too see how i compared you guys off the ice he's a monster
so i mean sid's being sid i mean there's no chance this team's gonna not miss the playoffs this year
biz hey do you think he thanks us if he gets the mvp this year for the way we kicked off the start
do you think we get a thank you in the speech do you think we get invited to his hall of fame
induction someday biz you have to think that if he is going to get in,
it's these later years.
And with what we're providing him,
I would say that there's undoubtedly,
yes,
we should be getting an invite.
And you as like a teammate,
me,
I only played 15 games,
but with the way I helped elevate his spirits,
when I called him out of the jumbotron for this season,
specifically,
I think I deserve also an RA.
I'll just sneak in.
So all of us will be there. I think the more realistic option is the, isotron for this season specifically i think i deserve also and r.a i'll just sneak in so all of us will be there i think the more realistic option is the is a cup
party this year i think you guys are the first people he calls merles he was telling merles to
buy a house in pittsburgh last time we were there i think i looked i think he needs roughly 300
ish points to be top 10 all time in the league and scoring so i would assume he ends up getting
that considering this year i'll probably get 100 um and then you look at it like all right well i'm going to the
hall of fame uh why wouldn't i bring the guy who i said has the best offside one-timer i've ever
seen in the history of hockey so i think i'm getting invited seriously hey do you think he's
a sicko like brady do you think he'll be playing until he's 48
all grayed out looking like george clinton i don't know brady's dude it's a tough time right
now for tb12 holy shit oh yeah divorce start talk that's your divorce his wife hired like a monster
divorce attorney just lost to the caroline of panthers like jesus i got a good
question for you guys what do you guys think tom uh sydney crosby does after hockey i i would i
think he's going eiserman route i think he's gonna be 16 these guys are sick fuck they're sickos and
they want to win they just want to keep winning and how are you going to be away from the game and
i don't know if he's got any desire to be
on tv or media i would i don't know though it's hard because like gretzky never got into that
part of the game right he never got into the gm president type mode or did he you think he starts
ripping the bong like stevie why all of a sudden he's just like at the local dispensary every
morning when the guys open it up it's like
uh sid you can buy more than one day's worth just but he's such a creature of habit he makes the
dispensary guy list the items every morning to him like he hires uh he hires bugsy as part of
the the scouting staff that rolls joints for him that's it i got you today hey let's let's think of a trade sid
sid i saw you smash that uh stick after the game so this one's an indica
got you a little buzzing and by game i mean the you know the in between what are the game they
play the day of all the alumni are the alumni game every afternoon oh yeah i wonder if they
still do that they still
do it i asked them when they were they and they said mario mario from time to time will still hop
on which is kind of sick imagine you're like the guy who like gets the fucking like printer paper
and you're in the because they let the staff play in it too yeah you know so what is that biz why
don't you explain that every go ahead but sorry no what you probably know a little bit more
about but from my understanding is they have like an alumni slash staff skate uh on the afternoons
of game days that are at home and it's like you know sometimes mario will be skating in there and
obviously like people from the office will so it's kind of cool where that's how the organization
interacts so mom and pop
i might be off base here i think that that is alumni mixing with staff first correct whit i
don't remember alumni but i'm guessing yeah there had to be some that would be there but i think it
was like right after pre-game meal yeah the people like i think some of the assistant coaches played
then guys in the office.
Everyone could play pretty much, and then they'd play,
and then coaches would maybe get their pregame shut-eye in the office,
and next thing you know, the players are rolling in for game time.
But it is pretty cool.
Wait, have you seen how much of the pens,
except for the game you were at in person?
I watched them against  I'm watching them tonight. Tonight is a big tilt.
McDavid versus Crosby in Edmonton, 10 o'clock.
I'll be watching the Patriots Monday night game along with that,
and then hopefully seeing Vancouver lose 7-0 again.
I have not, I watched Pittsburgh play one other game.
Who have they played so far?
They just beat the wheels off the Kings in a response to a loss.
But that was, you know, that was, okay, I'll shut up.
What game did Petrie have a goal so so far they've played the coyotes the lightning the canadians the kings the blue jackets as well jackets the
game against the canadians was when malcolm had two goals they blew the lead they were up to nothing
and montreal came storming back i want to say they lost the game in overtime, and then Kirby Dock had the winner. You are correct, Viz.
Who's been  look at the memory on me.
Pump my tires.
It's the hikes.
It's the hikes.
I'm the best.
It's the clean food.
Just ask me.
But that was another guy who we were talking about.
The last podcast was Kirby Dock and the impact he's had on coming on earlier.
So other than that, though, that response win against L.A.,
like this team is primed and ready.
We keep stroking them off too much.
Everybody's saying it's turning into a Pittsburgh Penguins podcast.
We come with no bias here.
I don't care that they gave me the start to my career and drafted me.
Everybody knows it's a Bruins podcast.
My wings sucked the night before.
Actually, there's a prop, and it's too late to bet it by the hair,
but there's a prop tonight.
It's Sid and Connor combined for five-plus points in the Oilers
win the game, plus 500 payout.
So if you're in the area, any of you four boys, it's a nice little payout.
Well, all right.
They're going to be listening to this when the game's over.
As I just prefaced it, I was just letting you fellas know.
Before we go any further further I got to talk
to you guys about dhm detox I won't even go into the story about when I went to a wedding and I had
everybody texting me the next day asking me what was that you handed me I feel unbelievable today
it was dhm detox yeah under the no days wasted umbrella they don't just got the the dhm detox
which is the, of course,
makes you feel great after a night of drinking.
They have the hydration replenisher.
If you're watching the YouTube,
it's in my water bottle right now.
It has everything you need
in order to keep hydrated throughout the day,
especially if you're exercising and hiking like I do.
They also have vitamins, plenty of other things.
Visit nodayswasted.co.
But, guys, it's awesome.
If you're going to be out for a night of drinking,
make sure you take care of your body, get ahead of it,
because you've got to wake up the next day and be productive.
And how are you going to do so?
DHM Detox and No Days Wasted.
Yeah!
Biz20 promo code, motherfucker.
The Boston Bruins, we just mentioned them.
5-0-1 out of the gate.
10 points leads the league.
Patrice Bergeron passed the great Rick Middleton
with his 403rd goal as a Bruin.
Now in third place in team history
behind only Johnny Busick and Phyllis Pizzito.
And this team, just a completely different team
with David Krejci back in the lineup.
Last year, they had Eric Hall playing second line center.
Yeah, remember Grinnelli?
He's a great player. I told you all year,
Witt. I told you, if they brought Krejci
back, Holla wasn't capable. I would
always tell you. He was like an unbelievable
second line center. Guys,
Holla did a fucking great
job in the second half of the season last
year. Let's not just shit on Holla here.
When the first line wasn't on the ice, you had
no faith watching the Bruins that they
could score. And I would tell you that all the time,
Whit. Alright, go back to stroking
these guys off. Absolutely. Totally
different team with him out there. Crecci and
Pasta combined for 17 points so far.
10 forwards have scored at least one
goal. Nick Foligno had his third already.
He only had two all last season. Not being a dick
to him. He was hurt a lot last season, but he's
already got three goals. He's been contributing some bad news, though.
Brandon Carlo had to leave the game the other day.
He got yet another concussion.
This is scary now.
Apparently his fifth confirmed concussion since 2017.
So, you know, I think you have to get to that point of how much longer
does he want to play the game.
Oh, my God.
And Jake Muzzin, the same thing.
You feel for these guys.
It's such a scary time when you continue to rack these up.
It's like
this carlo has looked so promising every time he's healthy and then just when he rounds the
corner this stuff happens it sucks it fucking sucks yeah makes me feel sick to my stomach for
a young guy that's just because it's not it's not the knee and the shoulder that you can rehab it's
just so scary and you know when you get more they just come a lot easier because the last one, it didn't look like a typical hit
that would cause a concussion, but because of his history, it was.
So we're wishing the best for that guy.
And, you know, hopefully he makes the decision.
Well, who did we have on?
A post-show.
He talked about when he had his, he just, it was a little weird movement
and he just all of a sudden he felt off.
Like, that's the crazy part, part too is like back in the day like
a coach might watch that on video and be like are you fucking kidding me you're gonna fucking be out
with a concussion because of that but now that we know so much more about like you're saying that
you're more susceptible and they come easier and easier like it's so like such for such a young guy
too like you said with a promising career it's fucking it fucking blows man but overall from a
team standpoint uh halsey's looked awesome yeah you mentioned like nick felino not being healthy
last year like fuck that's a guy that they paid four million bucks to like they need him being a
contributing factor so it's great to see him off to a a great start i'm sure you know you talked
we talked to him when we interviewed him about how he handled when when torts called him out
saying he wasn't captain material.
You know he wanted to come back and make a fucking impact.
So I was wrong about these guys.
I thought that they were going to be a little bit too old,
a little bit too slow, and maybe that's the kick in the ass they needed.
I was going to say, I think we'd be remiss if we don't mention Jake DeBrusque.
I mean, five points, five games.
Looks like a fully new player now that they have the new coach, Monty, in there.
I mean, he's playing on one of the best contracts in the NHL right now.
Four mil a year, first-line player.
Come on.
Did we go over this and the fact that it was maybe be known to everyone
that he was the whipping boy a little bit when it came to Bruce Cassidy?
Well, I think it was evident once he said, trade me, and then he got fired.
He's like, I don't want to be traded anymore.
That he hated his guts, and Krejci's willing to come back when he's gone.
But quickly to Foligno, the one thing I noticed, and yeah, health is such a big...
He looks quicker.
I would love to chat with him.
If you remember and you've never listened, his interview with us last season or whatever this summer was awesome.
Great guy.
And I wonder if he changed his training a little bit or maybe lost a little weight.
He looks noticeably quicker out there good for him um yeah to brusque is so fast
i think sometimes there's bruins fans who maybe will whine about his hockey sense a little bit
but you can't have it all and he's so quick and he's got a great shot and he's able to
kind of produce off offense off of his speed so i love how he's
playing bergeron is the master and then the fact that they're doing this without arguably their
two best players in mcavoy and marchand is the craziest thing and i think the final shout out
is posh knock who i've never seen look this good and this is a guy who's had moments of being a
complete superstar in this league but he's at another level right now.
And so the fact that these guys are stepping up,
Halsey playing like this before Marshawn gets back is just so big.
And it's really a last dance that we've talked about situation.
And it's for Bruins fans.
I think it's more than anything exciting because you now know the team could score right now.
They are leading the league in goals.
I don't know if that'll be able to continue, but Marshawn coming back,
that's a lot more goal scoring right there.
So it's,
it's a great start for a team who needed it with two big pieces out and
Grizzlies already back, which I think was early.
Yeah. He was ahead of schedule juice.
And I've been hearing locally, the Bruins really like Montgomery.
He doesn't get on him for every little thing. You know,
if a mistake happens, he's like, Hey, shit happens.
Just, you know, to get back out there. He's very approachable.
Talk to the guys about anything. And you know, the results speak for themselves right now.
The team realizes,
I think they were like gun shy under Bruce Cassidy,
particularly the younger players, but it's sort of a new,
I don't want to say it's a team culture,
but a new culture with the coach.
And I think players are much more comfortable this year than they were
last year.
Basically what I'm gripping their sticks is tight, man.
Coach get off my nuts, bro.
I'm trying to make some plays out here. Let me make a play at the sticks as tight, man. Coach, get off my nuts, bro. I'm trying to make some fucking plays out here, bitch.
Let me make a play at the blue line.
Fuck, man.
Get off my ass.
I'll throw some backhand sauce, motherfucker.
I make 4 million.
Can I not just chip it in like biz?
Fucking curb stomp, you bitch.
You guys mentioned pasta.
I'd love to hear what you guys think he's going to get on this next contract.
Money, money, money.
11 and a half.
11 and a half for eight years. Money, money, money. 11 and a half. 11 and a half for eight years.
Money, money, money, money.
Dude, he comes in with a custom suit of just fucking cash.
What would Pasta get on the open market?
Probably more.
17 million a year.
I'd say 12 on the open market.
Give him a fucking shoe deal if the Bruins could ever
get him
8 years at like
82 they'd fucking
take it and I mean that would be
what's the math on that for us knuckleheads here
I don't want to get on my calculator
what would it be it would be like 10.2
right around 10 to 10.5
a year I don't know if they could get him to
agree to that,
but that would be nice because this guy is nasty.
I love watching Pasternak play.
He's one of the most entertaining people for me to watch.
Has there ever been a superstar?
I mean, okay, we can't say McKinnon
because at the time in which he signed it,
he thought that that was a good deal
because he said that he'd had an off year
and the next year was the one that he ended up popping off who is one guy who has maybe said like i don't care
about the money and took an insane team friendly deal like what if pasta goes just give me eight
times eight yeah it's just important the reason that really doesn't happen not the not the main
reason because guys want what they're worth but agents can't really allow it to happen because it really fucks over other
players.
And that for a long,
I think there was a long time when Ray Bork was so underpaid that it hurt
other defense and around the league.
And,
and I think if you look around it,
when guys sign deals and it's way undervalued,
it really does hurt players that are looking for contracts in the next few
seasons.
So you don't want to hurt your,
you don't want to hurt your brethren biz.
What if he's like,
I don't give a fuck about the brethren.
I'm a B till I die,
bitch.
Eight times eight.
Motherfuckers slap it down.
Ride or die.
Jake,
the Jacobs are still like,
no man,
too much.
Marshan at six,
one,
two,
five is probably one of the best deals in the NHL as well.
That might, that might be the best.
Three more years, too. Holy
shit. That's some bank fee a buck.
Next up is... No wonder he's in
fucking Cuba on the beach saying,
fuck you guys. Start the season without me.
I'm underpaid, motherfucker.
One of your two teams, Biz, the
Toronto Maple Leafs, starting out 4-2.
They did lose to your other team.
You must have been torn when they played the Coyotes last week, huh?
Very confused.
Who do you roof on that?
What is that point streak, that crazy point streak, Biz?
So, yeah.
So since 2002, the Coyotes have been able to manage
at least getting one point on the road in Toronto.
That's fucking insane.
Yeah.
I will say, I was with the Coyotes for five years.
Every time we went there, we had success.
Fuck, I even got a game winner one night.
That's how fucking much the Leafs stunk.
Oh, my God.
That's the Leafs for you.
But listen, I agree with what Sheldon Keefe said.
And some people were kind of on him for getting on the players.
Like, holy fuck, have we become soft?
I can't believe he apologized.
That's in fucking bearish.
That was so brutal.
He didn't even say anything.
They make 11 million bucks a year, man.
You can say that we have elite players and they don't.
Fair comment.
Like, no offense to Clayton Keller.
There's players of different stature on the least roster and they're paid as
such our elite players who we have and they don't we're an elite tonight holy fuck dude i know
tartarella would have had them sitting millionaires row and they would have had the
fucking laser pointer out between periods and they probably would have had to went to the safe
space room at the acc or whatever the fuck they call it because of how much you would have
torn a strip into their asshole for how they were playing against the desert dog so yes i was torn
because you know i want to see these guys have success and win games but i also fucking want
conor bedard so i'm like come on leave don't worry don't worry you'll you'll have a good
how these maybe fucking pull a goalie here in the second let him come back so yeah awful performance the biggest takeaway though
was the fact that he had to apologize for those comments where i'm like this is fucking nuts man
like who did that come down from that's your concern after that performance was was uh being
a little too hard on the guys what do do you think? I couldn't believe it.
I couldn't believe it.
And like Marner was asked about it.
He's like, yeah, you know, stuff said behind closed door.
It's just like he didn't even say anything.
Try fucking playing for Terrian.
Little fucking brats.
They can't be called out.
Can you not be called out, Toronto?
What the hell is that?
I do not understand the whole vibe in Toronto.
It's just such an odd place because there are so many storylines
every single day that you end up just wondering, like, wait,
so the media can get on the superstars when they're not playing well,
but if the coach ever
says anything about them then the media will back the superstars because the coach shouldn't have
called it's just there's it's so confusing to me but for one one thing's a fact and that is when a
coach ends up call and i'm using air quotes is calling out their star players and then apologize
it for it is that not a tough look for the coach? I looked at more like a compliment.
He called them all elite. That was it.
Off the stage.
Well, either way afterwards, they did win the
next two games after being called out.
They beat Dallas, like you said, Nick
Robinson earlier. He had his first
multi-goal game and his first OT winner.
He also became just the second
player ever to score his first regular
season OT goal in a game in which his brother was the opponent.
I know the company's crazy stats. That was obviously his brother, Jason.
But how about Samsonov? He's allowed two goals or fewer in each of his four starts.
I mentioned he could have been a real diamond in the rough, they found.
But another thing, too, is they put Clifford and Simmons back in the lineup Saturday.
The Leafs play their best game of the season. Is that a coincidence or no?
the Leafs play their best game of the season.
Is that a coincidence or no?
I love it.
I love when you got guys running around. And I think that the,
I think the fucking star guys love it too,
man.
They get to fucking do whatever they want.
They get the bark back.
They get to try things.
And like,
you know,
the other team's going to be on their toes.
Those are two guys that put them in the heavyweight category.
Um,
did you guys see this clip of,
of a Dubas snapping in the box and swearing and shit?
Did it ever come out?
What was he so pissed about?
It was the goal that they ended up...
It was the Dallas goal that they ended up counting.
I don't know if it was counted a Dallas goal as a goal
or they took away a Toronto goal.
I'm not exactly sure,
but it doesn't even matter
because my main focus on that or
my main takeaway was like, if this guy's
this emotional, it was honestly
like seeing a GM in a playoff game.
I love it. This is the fourth game of
the year, dude. You're going to have a fucking
what do you get when you're
all stressed out? All right. A hernia
could be a lot
of things.
Like, oh my God god the amount of stress to work for that team it's the fourth game of the year i love that though i like you
that that's that's that's not healthy oh listen hey listen buddy i would love to be like stevie
wrong rips and and be up in the box and show no emotion and be so fucking cool
that my life is depending on these wins and losses.
Dubas is are,
and I kind of like seeing the emotional rollercoaster ride.
I want to watch that shit from a fucking general manager.
I love that.
That's,
I think it's fun to watch,
but like looking at it and thinking like,
if that was me, it's like, Oh my God, like that is just, there's fun to watch but like looking at it and thinking like if that was me
it's like oh my god like that is just there's so much stress that goes with that if that's how
you're acting about a goal being called off or whatever it was in the fourth game of the year
well canada's favorite soap opera uh did you think that was a hand pass though on that goal
with it because keller stick was kind of there at the same time i was surprised that they actually okay so you mentioned the dallas game you're saying that head shake was
associated to when the it was against the coyotes when riley was in the offensive zone or morgan
riley excuse me and no it wasn't that it was something from the dallas game okay well but
then already going back to yours that was another moment in that in a different game where the goal ended up
being called back.
Yep.
They thought they tied it three, three instead.
Any goal in the last minute or an overtime,
they the situation room reviews it and their situation room funny.
They always say, go to Toronto.
It was in Toronto and they said, no, it was a hand pass.
And some of the replays, I don't know, man,
I could see why they were pissed off because it looked like Clayton Kellis
stick caught there the same.
No, I know.
I was kind of surprised because it did hit his stick.
But I guess the rule is that they have to get possession.
Yeah, it would have to.
It would have to.
And that's not considered full possession.
Just a deflection off the stick.
I was surprised, though, because watching that, I thought it would count.
And then to get it taken away, I guess, technically, Toronto never lost
possession after the hand hand pass which wasn't
even on purpose so tough call though yeah i thought i thought because he punched at it and
it almost looked like he met where clayton keller stick was it's weird because it was almost like a
loose puck battle and it just so happens it hit his hand went right to the ground and as you said
keller then made contact so it's just like fuck man that's that's as close as you're gonna come i i felt that they they probably should
have counted it and even a lot of coyotes fans on a lot of coyotes fans online were saying like hey
we'll take the win but you guys got hosed there a lot of coyotes fans online. All my burner accounts.
Biz is for burners and then his Aunt Marsha.
All right, swinging out to the west.
Vegas Golden Knights, 4-2-0 right now,
as Logan Thompson has looked very much like a number one goalie in the NHL.
He's 2-2 with the 2.29 goals against, a 9-2-6 save percentage.
Jesse Granger of The Athletic wrote a terrific story about him and his history and how he got there.
He's the first Canadian university goalie to start since 1990
and the first to appear since 1994.
This guy was never drafted.
He was offered an East Coast contract after his freshman year.
He was cut after the season, signed with the AHL Hershey team the next year,
ends up signing with Vegas.
He's just one of these guys who believed in himself and bet on himself,
and now he's a number one goalie, undrafted story.
Biz, you ought to check that out, right?
Just a tremendous inspirational story.
I'd heard the story last year very briefly,
like people bringing it up.
It's awesome that they did a deeper dive into where he's came from.
There are a few stories of players doing it.
Did the article say who the guy who to do it
in 1990 you said was the last time a goalie came from canadian university yeah first canadian
university goalie to start since 1990 to start who do you know who the guy was and you know it
wasn't no it wasn't it wasn't in the in the paragraph but i mean fuck we everybody loves a
come-up story like this and and with the information that we got about Leonard being injured, knowing that he was probably going to come in and be the starter. It's exciting, man. They just gave him a three year deal at a great bargain. And, you know, you feel like you're playing with the house's money and, you know, you don't feel like you're constantly competing. And it seems like it's done wonders for him. And I think he can take it and run and just from meeting him and he
had his goalie trainer that he was working with when i saw him i think it was in regina where i
bumped into him uh or maybe it was brandon and that's where he'd played junior so he was working
with a guy that he was familiar with it looked like he was taking his off-season training very
seriously he was confident and calm going in and i'm, I want to ride this dark horse and it's a fucking awesome story.
Get a chance to read it. And, and wit like, I mean,
fuck Canadian university hockey. Like it's not like it's, you know, it's,
it's a, it's a ways away, man.
No, it's what the, the, the top college teams play for exhibition games.
I remember we used to play like St. Francis Xavier at BU and the,
the main takeaway I took out of the story is just never given up.
And I think he mentions in the article how proud his family is for just
never given up.
And the fact that like pro hockey wasn't even on his mind and that he was
looking at being a possible Uber driver, but his infinity couldn't handle the ice.
It's just, there's so many different storylines to show that you don't have
to be the top pick.
You don't have to be the guy who's the big time blue chip prospect.
It's about never giving up sticking to your,
sticking to believing in yourself and just grinding it out.
And so biz calling this guy top seven and Vesna. I love it now.
I hope he gets top three because the whole story is wild.
And then to see him play so well at the start of the year,
it almost makes it even better because of what you've realized he's gone
through to get there.
Thompson became the first U sports alum to get an NHL start since
university of Manitoba net minder,
George Manaluk started for the New York Islanders in 1990.
So it was George Manaluk.
Wow.
That's a throwback name right there.
Manaluk.
Another golden night.
We got to talk about. Phil Kessel.
By the time this show drops, he probably tied Keith Yandel's Ironman streak.
And if that's the case, he can break it Tuesday night.
I couldn't believe when I looked up.
He's in his 17th season already, Phil Kessel.
Let's see.
He's got 399 goals, 558 assists in 1,210 games.
Another 81 points in 96 playoff games. His next goal will make him the 12th American to score 400 goals.
He's got the two cups.
Does Phil Kessel get into the Hall of Fame, Whit?
Right now I'm saying no.
Doesn't have 400 goals yet, correct?
His next one will give him 400.
All right, so he'll get 400.
He won't get 500, though.
No, I don't think so.
next one we'll give him 400 all right so he'll get 400 he won't get 500 though no i don't think so now being the all-time leader in the in the um you know the the iron man streak that definitely
helps with the career he's had i just look at the other guys who aren't in and then i have a tough
time saying that he's in so it's like it's just a hard game because then you look at Guy Carboneau's in there.
So I have no idea.
But my initial reaction, what I do is when I hear of a player's name,
it's kind of like yes or no.
It's like when you look at a card and you have to say your thought
that comes to mind when you see an image.
No.
Hillcastle Hall of Fame, no.
Does anybody take more shrapnel on the show than Guy Carboneau?
Like, I feel
bad. Guy's the ultimate winner
and he just gets carved in the Hall of Fame.
Every time, I'm like, yeah, but Guy Carboneau's in there.
We got to stop that. Honestly.
No more Guy Carboneau
slander. Who are we going to say?
Let's start saying, you know
who. No, no
names. You know who.
You know who we're talking about folks you um fucking who am i kidding i got fucking i got ra in there as a builder for fuck's sakes
i'm the biggest softy when it comes to sure put him in the hall of fame
um but no he's probably not going to get to the Hall of Fame. All right.
Witt, I know you tweeted about the Florida Panthers and Zito.
Unless he gets a job at ESPN for 10 years when he retires doing the panel.
If Kessel does the panel for 10, fuck it.
If he does it for eight, I'll throw him in there.
Might make 78 million.
Before we move along, here's a word from our friends at Game Time.
The NHL is back, and if you want to see any games this season,
you need GameTime.
GameTime is the ticket and app that makes it easier than ever to score the best deals on tickets to sports, concerts, and shows,
and they guarantee the lowest price.
If you haven't given GameTime a shot yet,
you don't know what you're missing.
You guys are going to love this app.
We've had tons of Boston fans using it,
hitting us up on social about all the great deals they're getting.
Me and Grinnell have been using it all year.
We've got the playoff games, a few concerts over the summer
because of the great deals.
So download the Game Time app, go to the Account tab to create a login,
and redeem code CHICKLETS for 20 off your first purchase.
Terms apply.
Download Game Time.
Last-minute tickets,est price. Guaranteed.
Talking about the Florida
Panthers, you're pretty down on their
future right now. No first rounders for the next
three years. They've traded away all these assets, but
never really got a good playoff run out of it.
They got two second round
picks and two third round picks in the next three years.
They traded Devon Levi.
What's the issue with the Panthers
that you sent the tweet out about him.
Fill us in.
I think Bill Zito is a moron.
That's harsh.
I think he's made some moves.
When you look at the future of this team.
Yeah.
Their team is good.
They have a good team.
They're not going to win the Stanley Cup.
Here.
I wrote some stuff down.
You guys ready?
I can hop in in the meantime.
You guys ready? You ready? meantime you guys ready go ahead you're
ready oh my god you got a list claude geroux for a first round pick and owen tippett geroux doesn't
resign ben charotte for a first round pick and a solid prospect charotte doesn't resign
sam reinhardt for a first round pick and devon levi levi is the best goalie prospect outside the NHL. Sam Bennett for a
second round pick and Emil Heinemann, 2020 second round pick and for sure a solid NHL player in the
future. And then I think the worst of all is the kachuk for Huberto McKenzie, a first round pick
and the other solid prospect in Cole Schwint. So he's traded away the 2022, 23, 24, and 25 first
round picks. They got swept by Tampa last year, and he has decided to not add any defensemen after
trading away Uyghur. They also, after losing Sherrod, you got no Uyghur, you got no Sherrod,
you got smoked in the second round of the playoffs. You have zero cap room and you have no picks to then bring anyone else in at
the deadline.
Yeah.
That's your biggest issue is I think that he's done a great job of
constructing guys up front.
Like Chuck has fit in seamlessly.
Chuck's nasty.
He's nasty.
It's he's hucking barking up everybody's tree every night.
Like as advertised,
no,
no issue moving over the thing is
is like i agree with you there's like they're like one or two pieces away and they have nothing in
the farm and they have no picks in order to go get something at the deadline we we already know how
expensive things are they fucking gave it up for you saw what they had to give up to get jeru
and and then maybe the lack of help that that provided so it's for you saw what they had to give up to get jeru and and then maybe the lack
of help that that provided so it's not even guaranteed yet they can't even do it i will say
though they the four group and i would say that the guys on the back end who have filled in in
the meantime forzling looked really good against philadelphia the forwards are are helping out
and alleviate alleviating a lot of the stress on the back end
right now because it is very thin but but they fucking did a good job and they are doing a good
job that team up front they're a good team they won the president's trophy last year they're a
good team i'm talking about the future of this team and there isn't there isn't going to be much
of a future in say three four years five years with zero fucking
draft picks and i don't think in that time and it's one thing in that time if you're competing
for the stanley cup dude they are not winning the stanley cup they're not winning the cup
so do you think do you think you think if you could have a redo he'd want to redo it and keep
hubro keep wieger uh that, so that one, that one.
That's got to be your biggest issue.
I shouldn't have said worst of all.
I shouldn't have worst of all because Kachuk is so good, and he does change the, not the culture, but the way the team plays.
He's such a motherfucker.
And Huberto is different in that aspect.
But I think the Giroux deal is a tough one.
that in that aspect but i think i think the jeru deal is tough one because i mean tippet's a nice player dude and a first rounder and now jeru's gone
and you won four playoff games i don't know yeah usually if you have your bottoming out this much
your draft picture usually had at least a couple of good playoff runs in there at some way exactly
that's what i'm saying yeah you at least you went to the conference finals you lost in the cup final you
even maybe won a stanley cup and then you don't care it was all worth it they got swept in the
second round and barely had a chance so maybe they proved me wrong but i got panthers fans coming at
me online bill cito he's built this team, dude. It looked great last year in the playoffs. Let's see what happens this year.
They had to play 5D the other day.
They have no money.
Hey, I'll be the guy to switch it to a more positive topic.
We got to interview Kachuk on the pregame,
and he had a couple of beautiful apples.
And I just, buddy, this is what hockey needs in the States.
Guys like this who are going to come on, fucking let it fly.
Chirp guy.
He's a fucking rock star and he needs to be in an American market.
Just totally fucking with Kucharov.
I don't know if Kucharov hit him first.
So some people online, too, are saying, oh, he costs his team the game.
Like, do you think he gives a flying fuck about a game this early in the season
against his rival?
No, he's planting a mind torpedo saying,
I'm going to put your fucking face through the glass twice as hard of this
every single fucking round of a playoff or every game of a playoff series
if we meet you guys.
And he's investing into it now, and that's what I fucking love.
I love that clip.
And I don't got nothing against Kucherov,
but he spiced up this rivalry tenfold.
Absolutely.
Well, I do have a couple things you might want to laugh at,
because college hockey was pretty interesting this weekend.
A rare college brawl between Alaska and Omaha.
I put the clip on the outline.
I think we put it off the Chicklets feed, too.
I guess one team was celebrating a goal right in front of the other team's bench and then it had the same thing happened done to
them later in the game and somebody took offense to it i think they went through the handshake
line and a fucking brawl broke out that's very rare for college right whit i mean you don't even
see much fighting well handshake line after something like that is a dumb idea especially
if they were riling each other up was it in the handshake line with did you watch it i didn't see if it started from there well one of the tweets said why weren't the adults in charge
make make sure there was no handshake line after the way this game went so it sounded like it it
might have happened in the handshake line it was tough to tell based on the video but either way
a brawl in college it's just not something you see you might see two guys once and once in a
blue moon but this was looked like 1970s minor leagueaguers. I went to see ASU the other day with Doner to watch his kid play,
and I will say that the fact that the score was getting out of hand
and the other team kind of took a few jabs at the goalie,
like ran into him accidentally on purpose a couple times,
they should be letting these fucking kids fight.
Fuck, some of them are just such rats.
Oh, college is ridiculous.
And you got guys
running around like torpedoes they need a few fucking shots of the jugular to smarten them up
shout out don't son i think he scored the first goal in that new arena yeah yeah mullet is it
mullet that's sick what do you think biz what do you think of the arena oh it's awesome atmosphere
they had the college section 400 seats they got the band going
yeah that's the best the chance very lively it was awesome good and we're gonna have a box for
like 12 games this year correct i got 12 box 12 games this year with a box for the coyotes we're
gonna do a couple of uh pink whitney nights with contests a couple big deal brewing nights with
contests we'll run through this a couple nights we'll be going to charity uh and then uh i'm going to give some to the alumni
because they're sick yeah like wayne mcbean that does such a great job here and tyson nash and
there's a bunch of guys who are still around the community and very involved shane don't a bunch of
guys they got a skate going too so because because they had one in the short amount of boxes
they don't this year, give it to them.
And when the charities come in,
there could be a couple guys there from the alumni,
bring them in, explain to them the game a little bit
if they don't really understand what's going on,
but make it a fun night for everybody.
And yeah, it was a nice gesture by the Coyotes,
and I still get to work for the broadcast,
do some internet content with them so we're gonna have pasha vlogging some of my experiences we're gonna go to the opening game on friday winnipeg jets are doing their uh they're
coming into town for the first ever game nhl game out of asu and then i'll be working the game on
sunday against the new york rangers So the ESPN broadcast has the first game.
So it'll be a good time, man.
Did you hear this news that come across the wire recently?
The league is reportedly looking at Australia for games in 2023 or 2024.
And the Bruins might be involved.
Is this going to be a chick that's roadie to Aussie?
Are we going to Australia?
How wild would that be?
I've been there before. I know hired i think we hired you in australia
i heard it's the best looking people in the world disagree really disagree yeah hard disagree
everyone looks like they just look like americans but skinnier there was nothing special italy had
way better looking people way but way. Way better. That flight too,
I would say it's not worth it. That's what I'm afraid of, dude.
It's 13 hours.
It's like,
it's not worth it at all.
I thought it was 20 hours.
Well, it was,
from Boston,
it's 20 hours.
I had to fly six hours to LA,
layover in LA,
and then fly 13 hours to Australia.
It was not worth it.
That's tough.
But that's,
that would be hard to do
because you look at sometimes the struggles of teams when they come back from the Euro.
It's like you come back from Australia.
You got to give them like two weeks until they have a game, right?
That's a hike.
Yeah, that's a lot different than flying over to Europe, especially if Boston is indeed going to be one of the teams.
That would be cool, though, because hockey is growing over there.
I remember, Biz, you were over there.
I went over there to do something with the Olympic Network.
Yeah, we got some listeners, Dan.
I met a bunch of checklist listeners.
I met up with a bunch of guys over there, actually.
Did you guys see that kid toss the stick into the crowd,
kid on Minnesota, Rhett Pitlick?
He scores a goal, throws the stick in the crowd.
It's not an overtime game winner.
They throw the stick back.
He gets a 10-minute misconduct.
That's worth it just for the fucking story right there he saw the jack hughes and and then he spent the next 10
minutes in the box are we gonna talk about the new jersey devils oh i don't think we've talked
about the new jersey all right give us your devil's take that that it's not just better
goaltending while they're playing well well well, my take is that they  listen, I said that they were trash.
The team was trash online.
I was going a little harsh.
That was me fucking around with the people who had been calling
for the coach's head when they're first in all these analytical categories.
Now, everybody's harping about goaltending.
Like the first two games, they end up losing against Detroit,
and they lost to Philly.
Yeah, not great starts.
But, buddy, the first fucking goal in that Philly game
was just a basic defensive zone faceoff.
Like, lost coverage.
What the fuck is Lindy Ruff supposed to fucking do
about a breakdown of defensive zone coverage
off a basic one faceoff in the offensive zone?
And then the next one was a turnover in the neutral
zone the defenseman no gap lazy up the ice and then connect he gets the fucking turnover zip
to nothing before they're finished announcing that third goal fucking palat loses guy in the slot
point blank in the back of the net so everybody was like oh goaltending this fire the coach it's
like well which one is it?
Because now all of a sudden Blackwood over the last couple games is,
hey, getting some better fucking D in front of them, less breakdowns.
They continue to lead in a lot of these analytical categories, but this has also been a team that everybody keeps talking about
their analytics year over year over year.
Well, it just seems like they buttoned things the fuck up,
and then they played a couple hard
nose games and i think the quotes was in a g i might have been talking to you maddie barzell
after the game he's like holy fuck he goes those boys can skate well keep in mind the
islanders a little bit slow because that's how luke kind of builds those teams but hey here we
go now they gotta now they gotta go on a stretch where they got some games that they have to win and let's see what we got here i'm just more trying to rile up this very confused fan
base it's still like oh it's the goalies issue the coaches issue and all of a sudden you keep
on bragging about this team online well let's let's see where we go from here well they've won
three in a row and then they got they're at home against washington next night they're in detroit
on a back-to-back and then they're two nights later three nights later they're at home against colorado
so a little bit different test than them winning three in a row against the ducks the islanders
and the sharks i'm not gonna shit on them for winning i'm gonna i'm gonna see much like i
talked about uh who was it earlier their next little stretch of games here when they got the Kraken, the Canadians, and Chicago.
So let's see.
Let's see what they're made of.
But stop fucking calling for Lindy Ruff's head, you fucking idiots.
And goaltending is not your issue.
If you go back and watch those goals,
it's fucking guys with their head up their ass in the slot
giving up point-blank opportunities because you're not winning
the hard areas of the ice.
But cool, man.
Keep sending me your fucking spreadsheets.
Yeah, they love they love the.
That's all they do is send me their spreadsheets.
Before we continue, here's a word from our friends at Shopify.
It's time to knock that new business idea out of the park with Shopify, the all in one
commerce platform to start, run, and grow your business.
Forget the off-season work.
Shopify makes it simple to sell to anyone from anywhere.
Whether you're selling warm-ups or wall hangers,
it's time to start selling with Shopify and join the platform,
simplifying commerce for millions of businesses worldwide.
With Shopify, you'll customize your online store to your brand,
discover new customers, and build the relationships that create diehard fans. businesses worldwide. With Shopify, you'll customize your online store to your brand,
discover new customers, and build the relationships that create diehard fans.
Shopify fields all the sales channels to grow a winning business, from an in-person POS system to an all-in-one e-commerce platform, even across social media platforms like TikTok,
Facebook, and Instagram. And thanks to 24-7 support and free on-demand business courses,
and Instagram. And thanks to 24-7 support and free on-demand business courses, Shopify is on your team every step of the way. When you're ready to take your winning idea to the world, team up with
Shopify, the commerce platform powering millions of businesses down the street and around the globe.
Try out Shopify for free today and start selling anywhere. Sign up for a free trial at Shopify.com slash chicklets, all lowercase.
Once again, go to Shopify.com slash chicklets to start selling online today.
Shopify.com slash chicklets.
A couple of milestones we want to note.
Congrats to Milan Lucic on playing in his 1100th NHL game.
Seemed like only yesterday he put that guy through the glass over the garden.
Mike Van Ryn.
NHL game. Seemed like only yesterday he put that guy through the glass over the garden.
Mike Van Ryn. Nashville's
David Poyle became the first NHL
GM to reach 3,000 games
Saturday versus Philly. Seven more wins
and he'll be the first GM to reach 1,500
wins. And Lou Lamorello became the
first man in NHL history to manage a club
into his 80s when he turned 80 on Friday.
And I want to wish a
very special happy 78th birthday to
my dad, Leo, who I know is listening and watching when this popped up.
Dad, happy birthday, buddy. I love you
and hopefully we get a lot more.
You're the best. Happy birthday, Mr.
R.A. Happy birthday.
He's the man. I got to give him a shout out.
Whit, you mentioned the
Patriots earlier. How about
this stooge, Ben Volan at the Boston Globe?
Absolute. Oh my God. Crazy
story.
And for anyone who really doesn't follow Barstool or didn't didn't see this.
So Ben Volan, I think he's like the NFL columnist for the Boston Globe and a complete Patriots hater.
Just has always had it out for the team.
So fans already couldn't stand him.
already couldn't stand him he i believe he went on wei local sports station and he talked about was it an attitude problem that he mentioned mac had yes to be humbled he needed to be humble then
or he went on a show in which he said like the worst thing that could have happened to this guy
that's what happened he went on another show he went on like a tv show on uh compcast sports
center something saying i think the worst thing that happened was this guy getting in the pro ball.
Little too cocky, little big for his britches, needed to be humble.
And after that, some barstool stooly sent him a DM saying, I think he worked in the ticket office and that there's this big thing out that Max Camp did not want the Zappy kids starting and basically made up all this ridiculous shit to which this reporter didn't even do an ounce of research, didn't do any investigative journalism, didn't do anything to make sure this was true and just went on WEI, the sports station.
It said, I got a source that's in the know.
I got a source that knows that said there's a big time attitude problem with Mac Jones.
that knows that said there's a big time attitude problem with Mac Jones.
And funny enough, Feidelberg, of all people, gets this kid reaching out to me.
He's like, dude, I sent this asshole this DM and he just ran with it.
Oh, my God. So it's just what's amazing, though, is I don't even think the guy got suspended or like,
how do you just make something up like that reported as fact, use it as a source that is in the know
and that would know this to be a fact
and get no sort of repercussion
for doing that.
I guess the answer for that, if
I'm the Globe, because even though he's
representing the Globe, it wasn't his Globe
work. He was on a TV show, which he's allowed to be on.
So the Globe's probably not going to even
pee-pee whack him because it didn't happen while
he was under the employ of the Globe. you know what can you think it was the
same guy who told me huberto was captain or they told you goudreau was fat and out of shape heading
into camp hey it could have been that guy too imagine how many times imagine how many times
that volan has made shit up though there's just
no chance that's the first time
he's done that and it's hilarious to me like
Bill Belichick probably the most brilliant
football mind of all time and I mean
best coach you ever his record
speaks for itself like he has to sit there
and take questions from a bunch of English majors to act
like they know more about football than him and it's like
that must be so infuriating and Volan yeah
they call him trolling Volan he doesn't Jerry Thornton knows 10 times more 100 times more football than him. And it's like, that must be so infuriating. And Volan, yeah, they call him Trollin' Volan.
Jerry Thornton knows 10 times more, 100 times more football than this guy.
But Trollin' Volan, man, it's just pissed off a lot of people.
But keep it with the sports theme there.
You know, Sunday was the 28th ever Sports Equinox in which MLB, NHL, NBA, and MLB all had games.
It doesn't happen too often.
I know, I know.
But, like, I actually saw a bunch of people kind of tweeting about it, and to me,
the 28th time, it's like,
eh.
I also think it's been happening
every year the last couple years.
Probably 28 years in a row.
No, honestly, they have
mostly been recent because you know what happened?
Baseball used to be over by the time
the NBA started. Yeah, that's why it's not that fascinating
because it's like it's
going to keep happening year over year in 28 more years we're like this is the 56th time
yeah in a row that the sports equinox has happened what was amazing to me on the sports scene is
the once proud new york yankee franchise are the biggest bunch of losers.
And the amazing thing is, Biz, I don't know if you saw this,
so they went down 3-0 to the Houston Astros and the ALCS.
The fucking manager of the Yankees, Aaron Boone,
decided to show the guys clips to fire them up of the Red Sox being down 0-3 and coming back in 2004 and winning the pennant against the Yankees.
I remember that series.
I don't know much about baseball, but I remember where I was
when they came back from 0-3 to beat the Yankees.
And what the fuck is that?
This guy's showing clips of the Yankees blowing the lead,
a 3-0 lead.
Like, what the hell?
Yeah.
George Steinbrenner is somewhere.
I don't know where you go when you die.
And they're not going to make any changes.
Somebody said they're going to keep everything.
But is Judge coming back?
I don't know.
I don't know.
He turned down seven years, 220 million or whatever.
I mean, what's he going to get now?
He just broke the home run.
He'll get 35 a year.
He'll get at least 35 a year.
And he turned down 30 a year basically already.
Who's he fucking?
He's got to be pounding some hockey's ass.
Oh, he's got to be crushing somebody hot.
So, wait, how about?
He's like a Greek god, isn't he?
How big is he?
He's 6'10 and his hammer's about a foot long, I'm sure.
Is it poking out like John Hamm's?
He hit his 38th home run with his hog, actually.
I don't know if you knew that.
So it was only 61 with a bat.
Holy shit.
That guy is special, man.
It's 62, including his hog.
Give him the bag.
How about Tico, Texas?
Tico, Texas fucking with all the Yankee fans at Boston.
I'll tell you that.
So this is Barstool sports chatter for all you spit and shickles fan.
This Tico, imagine having to watch a game next to her.
And her team winning and her just owning you that's tough with that belly button right in
your face i will say dude she's got some fucking balls to go to yankee stadium and be like that
because i when i went to the series we just talked about 2004 i went to game seven my buddy from new
york's like don't wear anything red socks keep your head up up above so to go in there during
the playoffs and have you know
she's a girl it's still New York City there's a lot of
she don't give a shit she don't give a shit
nobody fucked with her man she got it done
and also dude how fucking good is Bryce Hopper
we got to give him he's amazing
did you see the quote of the owner on the
field on the field
the owner went up to him and they were having
a conversation I believe a reporter asked him
what'd you say and he said to Bryce Hop, he said, you're actually underpaid.
You're so good.
You're underpaid.
I don't know how you can make 300 million and be underpaid, but you are.
You're that good.
So Bryce Harper, big fan of that guy.
And what's cool is he left the Washington Nationals and they ended up winning a World Series.
So it's really kind of his time.
I hate the Astros.
I can't stand that team.
I've never liked that team.
Even before I knew they cheated.
Something about them drives me nuts.
But I'm really rooting for the Phillies.
I feel like Bryce Harper is a good guy.
He's playing out of this world right now.
And when he hit that home run in the eighth inning to take the lead 4-3,
he got to the bench.
And I think that they had his
you could read his lips and say, I can't believe I just did that.
Or like, I can't believe
He goes, holy shit, I just did that.
Holy shit, I just did that.
And one of those  for baseball fans out there, there's one out.
The Padres have a guy on first and second.
I don't know the guy's name.
I guess he's been struggling all playoff.
He's a lefty.
He's up to bat.
He fucking bunted.
He bunted and moved the guys over to second and third, which does absolutely nothing with two outs.
Maybe if there's no outs, you do it, and then you get the guy on third.
You could score on a sack fly.
But, like, one of the most mind-numbing decisions I've ever seen in playoff baseball.
By the player or the manager told them?
No, the player did it on his own dude player did it on his own trying to he kind of tried to drag punt it as a lefty down the first base I had to get a hit but it ended up being a throw it down
to first get him out let the runners advance next guy first pitch flew out to right field and that
was it the Phillies win the pennant so go Phil's uh in the world series oh wow that deep in the game
dude was the ninth inning first and second with one out and he spunts the two guys over and went
nowhere else yeah that's like the situational awareness that i had out there in the national
league oh my god that is philly was absolute banana lands after the city of philly absolutely
going crazy i can't imagine what they're going to do if they win the World Series
because they were acting like it last night.
It looked like a lot of fun to be there, though.
Their crowd, just the way they cheer, it's so violent.
They just, like, throw beer all over each other.
Is that how it is at every stadium?
I just feel like when you see the home run clips from theirs,
you're like, oh, my goodness.
No, that place is at another level right now.
It's a mosh pit.
All right, boys.
Time to wrap it up. Yeah, one yeah one more thing guys before we wrap up um i should have mentioned this a few weeks ago it's really really sad news in the hockey world um a kid i was
friendly with and and a kid a lot of people knew and really respected and really liked josh sioko
uh he passed away uh he was a assistant coach at merrimack he played at UNH he actually lived with my buddy
Brian Foley for a little bit after college
and just an awful loss
for the hockey world because he was a great
kid and so he's going to be really missed
and I wanted to bring his name up
so feel so sorry
for his friends and family but we needed to
bring him up so rest in peace Josh
and it's a tough way to end the show but we
appreciate you guys listening.
We had to shout out somebody who deserved to have his name mentioned.
So all said, we'll talk to you guys soon and I love you all and have a great
week. Peace.
As always, we'd like to thank our awesome sponsors here on Spit and Chicklet.
So huge thanks to our longtime friends at Pink Whitney and New Amsterdam Vodka.
Huge thanks to our new friends at Verizon Wireless.
Big thanks to everybody over at Game Time.
Big thanks to everybody over at No Days Wasted.
Hearty thank yous over to everybody at Shopify. And a giant thank you to all our friends at Chevy. Have a fantastic week, everybody.
