Hey, Spittin' Chicklets listeners, you can find every episode on Apple Podcasts,
Spotify, or YouTube. Prime members can listen ad-free on Amazon Music.
Hello everybody, welcome to episode 413 of Spittin' Chicklets, presented by Pink Whitney.
From our friends at New Amsterdam Vodka here in the Barstool Sports Podcast family, what is up gang?
Another week in the NHL, lots of stuff going on. I know the boys are horny to talk, so let's get to the intros right away.
Mike Eagre-All rally. What's up, guy? What's up, boys? Big week for me this past week. We had the big deal brewing NYC launch party on
Thursdays at Legends in Midtown. That was a blast. None of the big dogs were there. So I was thriving
on just being the center of attention, taking pictures, taking shots. I was I was loving it.
Then on Saturday, I entered Ravioli into a costume contest. She lost. It was definitely rigged.
She went as a taco.
She looked incredible.
Then went to a costume party myself that night,
and me and my girlfriend both dressed as Ben Franklin,
best costumes at the party.
And, yeah, so great weekend for myself.
You both did the same character?
Yes.
Yes, we did.
We both looked awesome as well.
Was there thought about, thought about you being Thomas Jefferson
and her being Ben Franklin?
Or was it like, let's just...
She looked too good as Benjamin Franklin,
but I wanted to tell everyone I was Benjamin Franklin
so I could just walk around with a 100 bill
and use that as my ID for the night.
But yeah, so it was a tough one.
So it was like a whole plan schtick, I guess.
Oh yeah, I respect that.
Biz, we know you had some activities.
We'll get to it in a little bit.
But any Halloween activities this week, Biz, outside of the college?
I'm not a big Halloween guy.
Shocker.
I got the tattoo, man, and that's good enough.
Yeah, it's your day.
It's your day.
This is the one day you just get to walk around just shoving it in people's face.
I leave Pink Whitney nips out by the door for the kids.
Loaded with
meth because people like to waste their meth on
kids on Halloween.
What did you just say?
The drug one is like
all this rainbow fentanyl and all this stuff.
Drug dealers don't give away expensive
drug to little kids. They give it away to adults
who are going to get hooked. Little kids can't afford it.
How did Halloween and trick-or-treating turn into this fucking drug
lesson because every year they give you these phony warnings when i was a kid it used to be
don't bite into an apple there'll be a razor blade in it like all these crazy things that
never actually transpired i mean i think they stem from some sort of truth and this is a little bit
like the warning people of the shark it's like they're out there telling kids not to take
candy that's out of a wrapper for people because there's fentanyl that looks by the way we're now
mentioning the word fentanyl that started with a nice little halloween beginning of the show
i got kids today all right i would say stay away all kids from candy that isn't wrapped fair enough
to warn people 100 what i'm saying is the one is handing out fucking weed brownies homemade weed
the one is like oh honey you gave no no no the thc ones in the back exactly people spend a lot
of money on the edibles they don't confuse them with five nickel twizzlers or whatever like it's
just it's just something that comes out of paranoia it didn't actually happen and then
they get so scared about it so there's probably a lot of young kids like the apple thing does not
happen anymore nobody's giving out apples because i know back in the day when you did that they usually were
coming back at the house and if you get an apple now yeah you might as well go arrest something
that's pre-crime shit if you're handing out apples the only time i ever seen it was halloween
two of the movie like literally never happened but yeah weird way to segue when you were when
you were a kid how many
like what percentage of people were giving out fruits as halloween zero i think that stems from
the 50s oh you're talking to ra so in the 50s i was asking all right not you you dummy
age 50s or 1950s holy shit um no we didn't get like some people would give you like
nickels and pennies The real tight wads
And some people
Would give you raisins
But no it was generally candy
Just change
Drain up like a penny
Yeah yeah
Well you didn't go back to them
But it'd be like 15 cents
I mean we are going back
To late 70s early 80s
But I mean
Then you get old
You want the eggs
The stores would stop selling eggs
Because you know
They knew you were going
To egg houses
And shaving cream
And it was fun for that era
And then you stop
And then you go to college
And do some more costumes I haven't dressed up in ages though it's been a long time
and i feel like this is your kind of thing like we've seen the de niro taxicab picture a bunch
yeah what is this year six of this podcast so i've seen that six times pretty standard around
probably seven halloweens at this stage but it wasn't good one one surprise he's got it on like who uh is it hoot suite where it's like program tweets sweet oh my god that's right
might have been around before twitter no seriously oh my so a couple of my buddies
helped create it from vancouver i think it might even be a vancouver-based company yeah
do they have bank from that i think they they've done very well. They like buy businesses now too on the side.
Like obviously there's a lot of baby boomers retiring.
So, you know, acquiring businesses that are extremely profitable
and in some cases at very good valuation.
So like, yeah, these guys are just.
They're a step ahead.
They're 10 steps ahead, man.
He's like, you're the dumbest guy in the room when you're having a conversation.
Well, some kids were trick-or-treating they were out back writing code these kids right well they
they they fucking they flipped their hand at halloween yeah yeah yeah they were fucking
signing up for credit cards when they were you know 12 years old they scoff at a batman costume
at age 11 well the wit dog ryan whit Ryan Whitney, Halloween is still in effect for you.
You've got the two little ones you're going out tonight.
They're handing out Benjamin Franklin's for Halloween.
Yeah, we're handing out.
Actually, so we went around.
And nowadays in the neighborhood, people do that.
They like you boo someone.
It's almost like a ding dong ditch.
But around Halloween time, you'll drop off some candy or whatever to friends in the neighborhood and you
boo them. But I changed it up this year with big deal brewing.
Now in effect, along with all the pink Whitney, I have lying around the house.
We boozed them.
So I think we went to seven or eight houses in the neighborhood,
two big deal brewing cans,
a Mick of pink Whitney and a little candy on top rider,
bring the doorbell and sprint back to me, buddy.
So we didn't actually get seen by anyone,
but they must know it's me based on the alcohol.
It's in the bag.
Tonight's going to be a blast.
It's my father's birthday.
Shout out Dan Whitney.
He's turned 65 years old today.
Halloween baby.
So it's a two 30 right now.
We'll probably be done in two hours and that'll be just time for him to
come over and we'll take the kids out.
It should be a blast.
If somebody were to give my son Wyatt raisins, he'd chew them up.
He'd spit them right back in their face.
I know that to be a fact.
That's a disgusting gift.
The fact that raisins were brought up as giving to people on Halloween.
I'd rather you just slap me in the face.
Our neighborhood's phenomenal.
Our neighborhood.
Or you make a candy corn.
You big candy.
So I don't take candy corn as a sign of disrespect by any means, but I'm not a fan.
I've never enjoyed the taste of them. I don't know what it is.
Maybe I can have a couple. But if you're having more than like 10 to 11 candy corn, I think you might as well be handing out raisins.
It's pretty sick to me. I could go through a whole bag of candy. Yeah, exactly.
There you go. Perfect. Just just proved my point.
This neighborhood's awesome, too. So it's's just it's gonna be packed with kids tonight i've mentioned every
halloween we we give out the big bars it's a move i said when i signed my first pro deal i'm gonna
always hand out the big bars now i'm not gonna be those people that give that live in the two
million dollar homes and give away the little packs of MMs. Like, fucking, your house is enough to afford the big dogs.
So I hand out the big dogs.
But once those are gone, then you're getting stuck with the little pigeon candies.
Then you're getting stuck with 20s.
And I would love to maybe run into some people from the neighborhood I recognize,
and I can chuck them some more booze.
Because if you're walking your kids around, it's often nice to have a drink in hand.
Wyatt will be in charge of putting raises
in apples based on what we've seen.
So Ryder's a
pirate.
The costume,
I said, honey,
it is the most flamboyantly gay
looking pirate costume you could ever...
The pants are like leather. I go, what is this?
She goes, it's a little flamboyant. I didn't realize
that. I said, you might as well just say you're set in sail from P-Town.
And it'll be a great night, though, because he's wandering around.
He's got the Johnny Depp look and why it's a parrot.
So why it is just as a red hoodie on with all colorful feathers that my wife painted
onto the back and the top and there's eyeballs and a big nose.
So he'll be following around and he's the savage.
So it should be a great night.
I can't wait. Having kids at this time of year is the best it's so fast did you pick their costumes or
they pick their own costumes rider wanted to be a pirate because of this movie the sea beast on
netflix lately like a pirate's out there like fighting these sea monsters so you kind of wanted
to be a pirate i don't think he planned on being a pirate that would be maybe at a Broadway show. His dad would fall asleep at.
But nonetheless, he's a pirate.
Hey, since we're on the topic and I mean, it is a Halloween pod.
Some of the best costumes you guys saw from around the league.
I thought that the Rangers going as Rangers was sick.
It's Revo.
Do you guys see McAvoy?
McAvoy when it's hagrid and it was incredible
so i saw people blowing up mcavoy but i didn't know that movie i don't know from harry potter
okay i've never seen that oh wow never seen can you send me the picture while we're while we're
on right now it's good uh i liked i liked um paul viarvi had a funny one with the fish
he had he was the girl with the braces there was a ton of tommy lee and and uh what
pamela anderson caught combos a lot of those i saw around the league uh the bruins always
seemed to have good ones i think clifford was a giant shrek with a crazy god that was amazing
didn't even look like a human he was shrek uh swayman was donkey and uh omak was princess
fiona like fucking hilarious if you caught that Donkey and uh Omok was Princess Fiona like it was fucking hilarious
if you caught that pitch and I think there was a Jeffrey Dahmer in the background so they better
keep an eye on that fucking guy whatever it was um G like do you have any other ones off the top
of your head because you're usually all over the Instagram and social media stuff Brady Kachuk was
elf and it was incredible I miss not dressing up, man, because I would always bring it. Hey, we'll be done at 4.30, dude.
Dress up.
Yeah, the guy by himself up by the hill
looking like a total fucking creep.
Handing out raisins.
I'll put fake razor blades out there.
Yeah, there was a bunch of good costumes.
It's also good if you had the weekend off,
then you could really get at it.
But going back to what G just said,
Charlie McAvoy, I'm not a Harry Potter guy,
but he went as the big guy Hagrid,
and that guy actually just passed away, Robbie Coltrane.
So I bet that was a little bit of a tribute to him at the same time.
An homage.
And even if I thought it was still a hell of a cost to me either way.
I got one.
I got one that was really good, and I forgot to mention.
Nick Paul went as a gold member from Austin Powers.
It's gold.
It is so good. That's gold. It is so good.
That's accurate.
He had the beard.
He even had the gold skates, gold eyebrows, like gold everything.
It was incredible.
Helps when you can drop a couple of dimes on some makeup too,
but that was a good costume.
Biz, the back, feeling better.
Not a hundred percent.
I was able to go to the Bruins game with my mother Thursday night.
My boy Newsy hooked it up on a couple of tickets.
Big thanks to him.
But yeah, I can get around a little, met some friends for lunch the other day, but every
once in a while you twinge the one, one way or the other, it's like, Ooh, but much better
than last week.
So getting better every day.
Thank you for asking my friend.
I need, we need you to go get some, um, some sciatic or not sciatic.
So as work, I want you to go get your your so as taken care of to relieve a little bit
of pressure off of your lower back okay i have to do it all the time you know you know what i'm
talking about wit we i think we mentioned so as it releases it all it releases it all back there
it's very painful all right but i think i think by next by next pod it could even give us some
content we could even set you up with a guy to get some so as work and i want to see how you feel in terms of how it went during it and how it goes after okay go get
a tug and see if the lady yeah they'll be good at that ask her she knows what the so as is no i i'm
gonna write that down i've gotten tons of advice which i'm very thankfully grateful for but i will
try the so as bad as if it worked for you so uh what have a softball that I put in my ass and I just roll around it all the time because I'm very glute oriented.
What were you smirking for over there?
You don't even know what a fucking glute is.
No, I was just thinking how I can just clip that one that three seconds where you go.
I have a softball in my ass.
Ask any.
I mean, where did you use to roll in the softball?
I actually I'll one up here not to
be that guy i've never been a one-up guy but i uh i have a softball shape thing that actually
vibrates so if you want to talk about balls in your ass i got a vibrating ball in my ass
and this thing is so good it's actually tb12 speaking of a guy who's down sick bad but tb12
has sells this vibrating sphere.
No, no.
They have that.
They have the roller that has the like no jagged edges that vibrates any of the sphere.
I said that to you saying he's down bad.
I mean, the guy's fucking going to make 50 million a year on television.
He retires.
Oh, bro.
His life is he's the biggest legend ever currently in his life compared to what it's been.
He's down bad. Maybe he's doing good, though currently in his life compared to what it's been he's down bad
maybe he's doing good
though not if he wants oh yeah he's doing great
G he can't complete a pass and they've lost three
games in a row he's leading the NFL in
passing yards
fair enough the team doesn't win and
maybe he got rid of the dead weight
I'm not saying that he didn't
he wasn't the one that may even have wanted
to be divorced what I'm saying is right now in Brady's life with scumbag,
Antonio Brown trolling him nonstop about crushing his ex-wife,
his team losing every game. Brady's down bad.
The argument here is nuts that you guys are trying to say he's not.
And I'm, I'm a TB12 guy. I bought his vibrating spear for my ass.
I know he's had better weeks with, I agree with you.
He's definitely all
right let's get that back on track buddy we're gonna get somebody in the dms who's gonna help
you out man and we need you 100 we need you 100 because we got some awesome stuff coming up in
chicklets land we're not gonna divulge too much but uh uh i'll send it back to you bro well this
thursday right chicklets etc first episode bern, what do you have for background on this other than the
yamdog and Merle's?
Chicklets, et cetera.
Episode one drops Thursday afternoon this week.
Merle, Colby, potentially more.
It's going to be an awesome episode.
You can find it on the audio streaming platforms for Spitting Chicklets,
and it will also be on our YouTube channel as well.
Somebody's like, oh, could you guys think of a better name?
I fucking love the name. Shut the fuck up seriously check the game notes was a pretty good name i'm not gonna
lie that would have been okay well the first episode we'll throw it up for grabs i'm okay
with check the game notes buds this show wasn't the game notes pretty good we weren't spitting
chicklets off the hop we we had a place hold the name and then what was the first name we did it was just like the whit and rare on whitney show nothing clever it was just ra's coke couch i come on guy i clean
that out uh yeah well no i i thought real wit of the real wit show like r-e-a-r-wit show i mean
maybe it was too clever like you know because someone's has a guy has a rare wit like he's
pretty smart but if you put it with r-e-a-R wit, it would get both names. But see, exactly.
That's why we didn't keep it.
Rear wit.
Yeah.
Rear wit.
Are you saying rear sounds like rare?
Yeah, exactly.
Rear wit.
Because I say both the same way.
But fortunately, we did not keep that based on this conversation.
Total rebrand.
We're going back.
I'll go back to that rear wit show.
We went back.
All of a sudden, we're homeless.
We were able to get some big name guests and we have a huge one this week.
We're going to get to later.
Legend.
Hall of Famer,
Marion Hosa,
former teammate of the Whitlog.
Huge get awesome conversation.
We're going to get to later.
Can't wait for it.
But before we go any further,
here's a word from our longtime pals at Pink Whitney and New Amsterdam
Vodka.
Right now we have all the big sports in session,
hockey, football, baseball, basketball. So make sure you're all stocked up on your Pink Whitney.
Gee, you all ready to go or what? All right. I did just mention that I was at a big deal brewing
launch party here in New York this past week, but the Pink Whitney shots were still flying.
I love doing the Pink Whitney shots. They just flow so easy. So I'm always Team Pink Whitney, baby.
All right, baby.
If you're not stocked up, make sure you do.
Head to your local liquor store, get it there.
Or if you go to your local bar, get some Pink Whitney there.
Either order up a shot or get it my style, a little club soda.
Either way, get out and enjoy that tasty pink lemonade flavored vodka
that is Pink Whitney.
The NHL's buzzing right now with storylines.
It's a full on drama.
It's every year.
It's getting better and better for us as content creators based on the NHL,
because I feel like the storylines are coming out more often and quicker as each season begins every year.
It's like the NBA has it has that it factor.
We've talked about a million times the
nhl is doing its best for all this stuff to come to a forefront right we're gonna we're probably
gonna need guys knocking each other out at practice yeah that'd be cool to kind of one up
what's going on but hey work for the blues there's a lot of that wasn't as violent i would like to
see maybe like a full full-fledged knockout okay Okay. No, or a tap out or the QFC.
Maybe they'll be doing it with those dummies they got on the ice
in Toronto during practice, the ones they do the drills around.
They're playing the games for Toronto right now.
Yeah, Toronto.
I didn't get a story.
I actually woke up early, put on Toronto radio this morning
to see what they were saying.
Boy, it's not good.
The Leafs lost to the Ducks, their fourth loss in a row,
and people are wondering if changes may be afoot.
Monday morning, Leafs radio bring up the blue line yet again.
Sheldon Keefe, they blew a 3-1 lead to Anaheim in Anaheim.
They end up losing 4-3 to the Ducks.
Kyle Dubas declined any interviews after the game,
and the game before that, they lost to San Jose in overtime.
Sheldon Keefe called out the D yet again. i know they've had some injuries but feels like a broken record
with this team biz talking about the d over and over last four in a row to the ducks what's going
to go on here anything dubious doesn't need to talk to the fucking media every week i mean guys
they're one point behind where they started last season, and everybody's going nuts in Toronto.
Hey, horrible road trip.
But, I mean, if anybody has a fucking clue with what's going on
and how they usually start the year and the fact that the best player
on the team is best friends with Justin Bieber
and they're going to Hollywood,
if you thought they were going to fucking win any games on that road trip,
you're out of your mind.
And if you didn't go hammer the opposition on Barstool Sportsbook,
you're just of your mind and if you didn't go hammer the opposition on barstool sportsbook you're just fucking plain stupid you know you know all those guys uh you know all the kids online who are hating on the least non-stop that when they go to instagram they fuck you if
you if you look at their search their search page it's all those fucking instagram thoughts
those were the girls that the least were hanging out with in the last week in fucking bieberland so they were all fucked out and yeah they played like shit it obviously seems like the
back end had a great time hitting the clubs get it out of your system because when they go back
to toronto they can't do that they're stuck in their little bubble they can't even go out to eat
so big fucking deal they're what are they four-2 right now? Yes, 11 teams have that.
They're 500.
Big fucking deal.
They're notoriously slow starters.
Austin Matthew got off to a slow start last year.
What happened?
What happened?
60.
MVP.
So that's all I got to say about the road trip
and the current status of the team.
Yeah, the back end's playing bad.
Who fucking  there's way bigger fucking fish to fry down the road trip and the current status of the team yeah the back end's playing bad who fucking there's there's way bigger fucking fish to fry down the road here i like what i'm a full foot
like a fucking stanley cup and getting out of the first round we know they're making playoffs
this is what they have to do in toronto it's it's it's the the golden child of the nhl it's like oh
let's create drama out of a 500 record enough. I'm not
getting into it. I, I hope they had a good time on the road trip. I hope they had a little team
bonding going on, whatever, what was happening with Justin Bieber and all the celebrities they
were hanging out with, but they were doing things that the people who listen to this podcast
couldn't get up to in their wildest imagination they got out of their system first couple weeks
of the season and now it's all focused from here okay part of what you said i could actually buy
into in that this is an enormous overreaction based on how early we are and based on their
start last year but then when you get to not worrying and bigger fish to fry and it's not a big deal about their defense,
you're fucking crazy.
That defense stinks.
And yeah, they're without Muzzin. Who knows if
they even come back? I don't know what's going
on with Justin Hall. He's
the whipping boy. He's the fucking whipping boy.
He deserves to be the whipping boy right now, though.
And that's coming from a whipping boy.
I was a whipping boy all over North America.
Fucking up, down, left, right. And Russia. No, I was a whippy boy over North America, fucking up, down,
left,
right.
And Russia.
No,
I was a legend in Russia.
All right.
You got no idea what you're talking about.
I was changed that whole season around,
made the playoffs as an expansion team. Cause I came right around Halloween and then came home with Louis Vuitton
luggage.
And then I came home with fake Louis Vuitton luggage,
uh,
biz they're distinct.
And wow.
Wow.
Wow.
When you're talking about Mitch Marner, oh boy.
Is Toronto starting to turn on this guy?
This guy, I hate to say it.
I'd like to interview him someday,
but I think I speak for many fans and many players around the league.
He's an unlikable guy to watch play hockey.
He's a fucking unlikable guy, dude.
He does not have that factor that makes him easy to like.
I'm telling you that is not just coming from me.
A wonderful player who hasn't started great.
I mean, he's got nine points at 10 games.
People talking about like that.
He's a, those turnovers in Anaheim coming off an absolute shit effort against LA
to just send Zegers in on a breakaway in the third period up two goals.
And then the whole like get the stick and walk back in the in the locker room and smash the
stick because I'm so angry. The guy got benched for one shift, dude. Now, this isn't even his
fault. This is on Keith. How are you going to send a message benching a guy for one shift?
Tell me. Tell me how that works.
Look at Philadelphia and how they're playing.
You can mention their season probably won't continue the way it's been.
But Tortorella, you think if he benches a guy, it's going to be for one fucking shift?
What is that?
That's zero accountability.
You bench a guy, you bench a guy.
And this team is so lacking of depth that's my issue you know who
they miss you know who is the biggest fuck up them not resigning my boy in edmonton who scored in
four straight games zach hyman that's the type of player the leafs don't have and the bottom six is
horrendous if the top six aren't scoring you know that they're not getting goals the top six is horrendous. If the top six aren't scoring, you know that they're not getting goals.
The top six can't score five on five right now.
And the D suck.
Sweet team.
Well, I'm sure it's going to be.
Yeah, it's going to be right through the first round on to back to back
cups, like Biz said before the year.
Last year, exact same conversation.
They're one point behind where they were last year.
I believe they finished with a franchise record,
115 points after a similar start last year.
Enough.
Now, if you don't think something seems a little different,
I think you're fooling yourself.
One thing that I will agree with is most people's public opinion.
I'm going to throw it over to you for what's been going on in the media, R.A.
I'll let you kind of bring everybody up to speed.
There's been some rumblings.
First off, I love that.
I'm so mad I'm going to go off camera and snap.
I mean, snap on camera.
You don't let people show how mad you are.
I feel bad saying what I said.
He probably went to the back of to the locker room to tape a stick,
and everybody's overreacting, making up a story about him going to smash shit.
No, he admitted to it after, I believe.
And, R.A., you can take this over, but, Biz, I just want a quick yes or no.
You think Marner's a super likable guy to watch play?
Around the league, fan bases, like players take them all included okay so are you are
you putting them in the same realm of of like zegras in like the the cocky antics that might
rub off the wrong way to the opposition to where they want to cave his face yeah i think yeah i
think he just seems like a cocky kind of entitled player so hey listen he's he maybe he's divisive
in the way he's a hell of a player dude
i said it yeah but you know what though same same thing last week with dubas showing emotion in the
box and you didn't like that you just you're just a fucking leaf hater no i said dubas it's going to
be a long year if you're flipping out game four against dallas or whatever it was i mean well
well i think that he was showing emotion based on something he didn't like on the ice
just as much as when when mitch marner when the crowd's booing him at home a little bit before
they got going i think it was the second or third game of the season and then he pots one in the
third and he turns around goes to the crowd and he's like well where the fucking booze now i love
that shit man that's what fucking makes the engine run. And that's why we're here fucking talking about it. You see Leafs fans turning a dime on people.
And someday you may see it on Mitch Marner.
And you say you say you heard it here from wit that the Leafs fans, it's all
starting to turn on Mitch Marner.
It ain't going to happen when Hall's there because he's taking all the
shrapnel right now.
He is just taking body shots.
Yeah, he's taking.
Hey, hey, Hall, you listen to me, buddy me buddy i'm gonna send some positive juju your way ignore the noise ignore the fucking haters it's probably just
half of them are bots so don't even worry about it sandeep should be catching elon musk is going
to take care of 50 of those messages that you're getting and hate you're dealing with online i got
your back positive juju coming the leafs way
they're going to go on a little bit of a ripper i would say don't buy now give it two more games
and then start hammering away all right we didn't get to the the rumblings we'll get to that in a
sec i know g was trying to chime in there well i was just going to say marner did admit to smashing
the stick he said sometimes you got to take your frustration out i I'm a passionate player. I put a lot of pressure on
myself and I wasn't happy with that second
turnover especially. There you go. He's taking
accountability. He's not crying about
getting benched one shift. He was probably like
bench me more.
Give me more pain.
Luke Fox from Sportsnet.
Each night brings scrambled lines,
uneven pairings, and sloppy results.
The other guy, Hornsby, saying this team might win eventually,
but if it's on a team you're going to be afraid of in the playoffs.
Well, one big name just happens to be making some appearances
on podcasts lately.
He says, oh, by the way, I'm intrigued by coaching an original six team.
That would be Barry Trotz.
He went on with our friends Cam and Strick, and he said,
well, I could have had my own beer if I went to Winnipeg,
which is an absolutely hilarious trick.
I could have been biz. Barry Trotz said I could my own beer if I went to Winnipeg, which is an absolutely hilarious trick. I could have been biz.
Barry Trott said I could have been biz if I went to Winnipeg.
Hey, I said that there's one thing that I can't agree on with most people is there are
some rumblings.
And the fact that Cam and Strick, great interview, great hockey podcast.
And you don't think he left a little breadcrumb for us to reach out to him and interview him
as well?
I think he left a little breadcrumb for us to reach out to him and interview him as well? I think he's doing John Shannon today.
Like for Trotz to be doing the media rounds
and basically going for the head of the snake.
Let's break down what he said.
He wanted to coach an original six team, right?
Would you want to coach in Canada?
Is that something you would want to do?
I mean, you've been in Nashville and some of these other quieter cities.
Would you ever want to deal with everything that comes with it?
I don't know if any coach that takes a job in Canada ever wants to deal with it.
I think there's a, you know, like Original Six.
For me, I've never coached Original Six.
That would intrigue me.
Well, Detroit, Boston, and Chicago just hired new coaches this season.
Marty St.
Louis in Montreal is not going anywhere anytime soon.
Gerard Gallant in New York,
New York with the Rangers seems pretty safe there.
So there's one team he must be talking about.
He's doing a podcast today.
He's never really done a PR type blanket like this.
So I don't know.
It all points.
First of all,
that was,
that's some fucking detective work right there.
All right.
That's big time journalism right there.
Holy shit. I'm like Shaggy.
He had to go through the five original six teams with their coaching situations.
Why is the leaf? You crush that.
I'm I'm a doobie, you know, just like Biebs has the believers.
Dubas has his doobies. And I'm a I'm the ringleader on the doobie category.
And but there's one thing I could be honest and open about is the fact
that he's not necessarily the most loyal guy.
He's in it to win it.
And when do we learn that last?
When he threatened the life of the Chicago GM, the new guy,
when he let it leak that he was going after Marc-Andre Fleury last year
before playoffs and essentially going behind Jack Campbell's back
and try to solidify
the goaltending couldn't get him it leaks out does it look bad sure but you're trying to fucking win
some hockey games do I think that he would fire his boy Keith in no time that Barry Trotz was
interested in coming to Toronto I think I think it's going to happen and if it does and Trotz
ends up going to Toronto I think he's going to do some And if it does and Trotz ends up going to Toronto, I think he's going to do some major, major damage in there,
clean things up, provide some structure.
The defense will be cleaned up in no time,
and I think that they could go on to win a Stanley Cup.
I predict, hot take central, I think he's the coach,
at least by the deadline,
and he leads the Toronto Maple Leafs to a Stanley Cup.
Back-to-back Stanley Cups.
Bank it.
Book it.
It's happening.
I don't fault Dubas for doing it.
Barry Trotz will be the Maple Leafs head coach in no time.
We're like a parody show with Biz talking about the Leafs,
and we still have to talk about the Yotes.
I want to say, Barry Trotz,
when you take over the Toronto Maple Leafs
and win back-to-back cups with Leafs forever,
guaranteed life supply of big deal brewing
on the house, my friend.
Let's go, Leafs.
I actually will say,
if Barry Trotz makes it very clear
he wants to be the coach of the Maple Leafs,
if somehow Dubas spoke to him, get it done.
And get it done as soon as you can.
You saw what he did in Washington, D.C.
You saw him bring an offensively talented group that couldn't ever get it done
to a Stanley Cup title.
If Barry Trotz, the most wanted coach in the NHL last summer,
when he was turning down teams
left and right if he makes it clear i want to coach that team this sucks saying this because
i don't know sheldon keith i don't want people getting fired but you fire him today and you
hire barry trotz i i mean i don't i don't know how you argue that and i think sheldon keith will
coach in the nhl again and he might coach all this year and lead the Leafs to back-to-back cups like
Biz says. But when you got the guy that
everyone wants as head coach and you have a team
that while it's only 10 games, 9 games
is floundering like they are,
you go grab Barry Trotz and you
stick him behind the bench and you give him a beer and you do
whatever he needs and you maybe get a suit
because he has no neck and just
change,
change.
Open invite to the future head coach of the Toronto Maple Leafs,
because I don't think Dubas is going to let you come on the podcast once you
get hired. So come on now. We'd love to chat with you.
We'd love to solidify that position. And like I said, I, I think, I think,
I think Duby showed his true colors last year when he went behind Jack Campbell's back
and then the new GM of the...
What's the GM? Davidson of the Blackhawks?
Yeah.
Must watch Wednesday night.
Didn't Doobie threaten his life?
I heard that there was an altercation in one of the tunnels.
He fucking threatened his life.
He said, if you ever fucking leak out inside information again,
I'll stab you.
Brick killed the guy.
I will shank you with a knife from the media room.
The media meal
room the plastic one biz um what were we just talking about we're talking about the leafs
winning the stanley cup back to back with potentially shit i don't remember what i was
gonna say do you do you see barry trotz being hired as the coach of the toronto maple east
ra yes or no yeah i do this team doesn't seem to be responding to Keith right now.
He's calling him out.
He's backtracking.
He's doing these media things,
and they're just coming out with mediocre performances.
They've lost six games.
Four of them were to teams that didn't make the playoffs last year.
Two of them were teams that lost in the first round.
I know sometimes good teams play down to their competition,
but they just don't look like a championship-caliber team.
And the ironic thing is they get in the goaltending that I predicted
they would in Sam Sonoff.
So I don't know, man.
It looks like a team that might need a new listen.
And like what you said about the caps,
Barry Trotz came into a high-end offense.
They needed to learn how to win, to play defensively.
It took them a couple years.
They got it done.
If I own the fucking Leafs, that's the move I'm making.
But last thing, because it's been a lot of Leafs chatter,
but they are the storyline.
They are the storyline right now.
Number one, unfortunately for people who hate it, it's the truth. Last thing you could actually look at
Dubas being even more willing to get rid of Keith. If you wanted to take a look at the comments,
the comments of being asked about possibly switching up the pairs of the D, right? And
he said, well, I don't know what that would do. What would the difference in that be?
And then after this game, you're saying the defense, they cannot, their first touches are horrible.
They cannot get the puck out of the zone.
Is that not a shot at the D that Dubas is giving me to work with?
Like, hey, guys, like this is the D we have.
They suck.
I didn't pick them.
So we'll see how it goes.
We'll see how it goes.
I mean, I imagine Shanahanahan he's higher up the train
than uh dubas he can go over his head and fire uh what's his face keith if he wanted to right
he doesn't have to get a yes uh he technically could i guess but i'm i'm pretty sure that in most
pro sports and nhl circumstances like once you hire the GM. It's kind of his decision.
All things hockey, I think.
Well, you could just find them both.
Yeah.
Oh, you can find both.
There you go.
Let's not forget Sheldon Keefe tried to eye gouge Merle's in the minor.
So I am team.
I am not team Sheldon Keefe here.
I am.
Merle's doesn't forget.
Merle's does not forget.
All right, guys, before we go any further, we need to talk about a new sponsor of ours,
and that is Ridge Wallet. Ridge Wallet is an ultra slim minimalist wallet. It holds up to 12 cards
plus room for cash. There's over 30 colors and styles, including carbon fiber and burnt titanium.
It's made with RFID blocking technology that protects you from digital pickpocketers.
They also have a new key case to help organize your keys.
It secures anywhere from two to six keys.
It organizes your keys in a compact silhouette and fold out for easy access.
There are six colors and styles, including carbon fiber and burnt titanium.
Go to Ridge.com and use the code CHICKLETS for 10 off your order.
That's Ridge.com and use the code chicklets for 10 off.
Alright, well that's Toronto. We're going to go southwest
for the real southwest. Biz, you saw
some history this weekend. The Coyotes had a
historic home opener versus Winnipeg
at Arizona State University.
They gave out mullets to every person who came, which
is a great idea, brilliant idea.
Saw a lot of Biz jerseys there.
Shane and Josh Stone dropped the first puck.
Christian Fisher got the first two goals.
Unfortunately, the Jets come back to tie it.
Blake Wheeler won it in OT.
But biz, what was the experience like?
It looked like an awesome time on TV.
Everybody who went said it was a ball.
We want boots on the ground take.
I had a full-on Coyotes weekend.
I got to enjoy the experience as a fan.
So the ESPN crew had the broadcast.
I actually went to watch practice on Thursday
and ran into Boosh
because he was doing the color on it.
So it was great to see him.
And I didn't see Boosh, but I saw he had the mullet on during the broadcast.
But there was a lot of negativity online towards it.
There was a lot of positivity and optimism from the Coyote side about it.
I went into it with an open mind, and I had a fucking blast.
I loved the experience.
It was rowdy in there.
On the first goal, they didn't have the goal horn,
didn't even fucking need it.
They had chants going on throughout the whole game.
And then I got to experience it on Sunday as a broadcaster.
And I'm so happy I ended up coming back on board with the coyotes, like going down to Glendale.
It's a longer drive. You know,
maybe sometimes the atmosphere wasn't that good because you'd have this huge
arena with not that many fans. So it seemed dead Sunday.
It was against the Rangers. And then,
and then I see the chirps coming in online about it was 50 Rangers fans.
I don't give a fuck. It's a unique NHL experience.
They had Howler with the drum going, and it was let's go coyotes,
and then the Rangers fans would come in with their chant,
and they were going back and forth.
I thought it was cool.
It's different.
It was enjoyable.
Not a bad seat in the house.
Incredible atmosphere, and everybody in this short window of time that this is going to happen
should come experience it.
And none of you Fuse Gacy's fans came up and said anything negative to my face.
So once again, going back to the,
they must be all bots hired by Dolan to come after me.
Cause I've never got one negative comment from one of you fuckers in person.
To count Avery makes at night when he can't sleep after Rangers losses.
And then they got hosed in the third period.
Did you see the fucking call they gave that Dylan Gunther kid?
They gave the Coyotes one power play that whole game.
They were getting away with tons of liberties.
The way the game was being called.
So I don't,
I didn't care.
He fucking taps the guy's hand.
Didn't even do anything.
The guy was already falling down.
Free power play, game over.
There's way more egregious shit going on out there than that little love tap.
Way more.
So Dylan Gunther, who's been playing awesome for him,
got hosed on that one, who I think might stick around for the rest of the year.
Yeah, it looks like.
I mean, why not, Biz?
I don't want to be negative, guy.
I don't want to be that guy. I don't want to be that guy.
And everything you said, that is cool.
We actually chatted on the phone.
It filled up my Coyote's love tank this weekend.
No, Biz, you just said you got to get down in the short amount of time
this is happening.
It's three fucking seasons, bud, at least.
That's the  and I got to be a realist because I understand everyone
who goes to one of these games is going to love it.
It's very similar in a way of people who dog the Winter Classic now.
But it's like go to a Winter Classic and you'll have a blast.
In the sense of Coyotes games being on campus, it's a cool thing.
It is different and it's interesting and the games will be fun.
But when you look at this from a giant outlook around the league, it's fucking embarrassing.
It's pathetic.
It makes the league look like shit,
and it makes the players feel like shit getting dressed at this.
Did you see the dressing room?
I was hockey town for four games, man.
What do you mean?
Hey, this is the problem, folks,
with guys who never played in the ECHL or, you know,
only spent a little bit of time in the American League.
They just like their spoon fed.
It's not.
I know the NHL is that.
No, I'm almost I'm almost looking out for those guys in the coast, in the HL, those guys in the coast who are going to make the NHL and have long careers.
And the guys in the minors who are going to become regular NHLers.
You deserve when you get to the NHL to have NHL stuff and NHL treatment and NHL everything.
Because you worked your nuts off your whole life to get there.
And now you're stuck getting dressed at an MDC rink with hot chocolate being sold three feet from where you're getting ready for an NHL game.
That's bullshit.
And I don't even know when is it going to be decided or announced if they're getting a real
arena because right now it's three years in this place and it's very cool right now but the whole
novelty of the college arena and the small setting is gonna wear off it's gonna wear off what i said
i want to talk about the mullets that were handed out in the student section i don't give a fuck
about all this shit you're saying, bro.
Oh, the shit that matters to the league, to the owners, to the players.
So the kids getting drafted.
Why don't we.
If I'm Connor Bedard and they win it.
I Eric Lindros their ass so quick.
I ain't going.
Go to the KHL.
Well, then he's going to have a major fucking problem on his hands and that is the spit and that's and that's biz hey that is gonna be half of my time devoted to
fucking going after that kid if he fucking does that to us but hey listen we always get hosed by
the league is it only four games sorry you said four games i didn't is that are they getting a
real arena i mean a real locker room they They're going to improve the locker room situations.
Yes, they are going to be getting a brand new state-of-the-art locker room
that is being built just outside of the arena.
So you have to walk about, what, 30, 50 meters inside the arena.
Why can't they just have the Sun Devils for their game and NCAA regulations?
You can't mix and match that type of stuff.
It's the same reason why when we were in pittsburgh uh pittsburgh
at the upmc facility yeah they had the university identical weight room to the steelers one they
were built side by side which you're like uh this is dumb and a waste of space but it's like well
no that's the fucking rules um but uh great like i said great experience if you're a hockey fan
arizona and tempe is a great place to be, especially come wintertime.
You got to go to see at least one game in there to get it.
The concourse is open.
So no one ever really leaves the arena.
So it's always looking jammed and packed and energetic.
An awesome place to go see a game.
So very, very happy they decided to do this experiment
and maybe not go to the Coliseum because that was one of the options.
And I apparently there's there's shit going on with that rink.
So, all right. What what did you think of watching it on television?
I thought it looked like a ball just to go to what's point about the Tempe vote.
It hasn't happened yet. They're assuming it's going to go through.
I think that's why they signed this lease, but it hasn't happened yet.
Molly Walker from The New York Post, she said it was where is it?
The quote right here, a melting pot of hockey's rowdiest traditions which i thought was a good way to put it i saw there was
a bachelor party from a bunch of guys from boston who went there i know guys go there for bachelor
parties all the time so there's a perfect idea hey listen i hope we have a chick let's road trip
there this year so i can take part and and do all the festivities where i'm all do all that shit so
uh i have a box for 12 games.
I think six or seven of the games are games.
I'm working.
The team was nice enough.
I asked for it.
And when we were talking,
if I was going to be working with the broadcast,
because like,
because there's not as many boxes,
the alumni didn't get one this time.
So they'll be doing some games in the box.
I'll give it away to those guys.
I think they're going to donate one night to one of their their charities we're going to be running on our social media a pink whitney and big deal
brewing contest to where you can uh are also a black friday contest as well granelli yep we did
it last year we're going to be doing it again so we'd fly out you and three buddies if you're the
winner of the contest you get accommodations paid for flight and then you'll come to the box i'll
come chill with you guys say what's up last year i went and met the the winners and we went out to coach house for some pops
uh treated them to a little bit of dinner so this is the type of stuff i want to do with this box
so one of the games you guys got to come down we got experience together and get it all on the vlog
and uh show show everybody what the coyotes and asu is all about. Mullet Arena, baby. Speaking of that vlog, we do have one dropping Wednesday of your experience
Friday night going to the game and experiencing it all.
Yeah, my my my ending comments will be positive.
Noticed a bunch of Coyotes players saying how nice it is to not have to drive to Glendale,
which sometimes could be over an hour for games, which is just exhausting for a player.
That's great.
And the other thing being,
I was worried originally that on TV,
it would look,
that would be like,
Oh my God,
I cannot believe this is an NHL game.
It looks fine on TV.
It,
it looked,
it didn't translate to looking as JV as I'm calling it,
which is a good thing.
It's more about just,
just how long that this could be. The actual setting of the coyotes is more what I'm calling it, which is a good thing. It's more about just how long that this could be.
The actual setting of the Coyotes is more what I'm getting at.
But I'm glad you had fun, Biz.
That's what it's all about.
It's like an NHL boutique.
That's what it is, a little boutique store.
That owners are stroking checks for, getting nothing in return.
Did you swear in the Jumbotron before the game, allegedly?
No.
So they had me do this.
No, no, no.
They had me do a warm-up, or no, a pump-up video.
I don't know if we can get the audio to it, Grinnell.
Maybe I'll send it to you guys.
But, yeah, and they wanted me to do it,
and I did it with the Coyotes pelt on, and they censored it.
So it was all planned.
I didn't swear where I fucked up on the broadcast.
And, by the way, speaking of the broadcast,
I'm doing 10 at least planned this year i'm gonna be the biggest fucking homer on these broadcasts you should have heard me after the game bitching about that call i'm gonna make jack
edwards seem like a neutral site game in in in the ncaa for fuck's sakes that's how much of a homer
and how much i'm going in full bore on the Coyotes. We're at the bottom, right?
As good and cool as this experience is, you mentioned it,
it's a bit of a low point.
You mentioned Brady as amazing as the Coyotes organization is.
And as amazing as Brady is, he's at his low point.
This is where we at on the low Brady and the Yotes have a lot in common.
It's been sustained excellence for 25 years.
If you're a neutral hockey fan, jump on the Coyotes bandwagon now
because it's only on the rise from here.
Jets Twitter had some fun with it, the whole college campus thing.
But then I read biz.
The Coyotes have a 33-day road trip from November 5th to December 7th.
14 games, a little over 24,000 kilometers.
It ties the 2010 Canucks for
the longest roadie ever. How do you
pack for a roadie that long?
That's insane.
How do you even pack for that?
What's that luggage for?
Those are my rubbers.
Those are the tickets. Leave them alone.
That's when they're building
the dressing room or at least finishing it
during this road trip.
All I think about is positivity when I hear that.
I think of, oh, my God, the size of the per diem pack.
Well, I'm curious.
You're getting 3,300, which obviously will be gone at the first big city
with bottle service and the prices that those are at now.
But nonetheless, you get to spend a little bit of time away with the fellas.
You get to do a little team of time away with the fellas you get
to do a little team bonding this is what it's all about man and then after that during the the the
gloom and doom days of the season you're at home chilling in the sun this is a great great thing
for the coyotes and i hope that they go do some damage all right i'm yeah no it's uh it's gonna
be a long one though i think that there yeah a lot of a lot of skid marks in the underwear
uh you've had a busy week because you weren't even on tv tnt this week you still get called It's going to be a long one, though. I think that there are a lot of skid marks in the underwear.
You've had a busy week, Biz.
You weren't even on TNT this week.
You still get called out by our boy Revo.
He wants a little rough and rowdy action.
What's the word for that?
Biz, as a guy who looks to chirp you when it's possible,
you're punching down to Revo right now.
You already proved it on camera.
I agree.
Revo, you're kind of reaching going at biz right now.
He probably didn't even do that.
He didn't check the game notes.
He probably thought I was sitting on the panel.
I think he did.
So, I mean, just you think about that.
I'm not even on the panel.
This guy's about to play in one of the biggest games of his life.
They've already lost three in a row.
The whole fan base is turning on the whole team, kind like the the Leafs fans are turning on their own and he brings up pillow
punch well that's what they've renamed it because of him at that bar locally I'd love to get the
owner of this bar on the podcast he said that while the game was going on and a little bit of
the backstory so first time Revo got called up to the NHL
he wanted a shot at the title I gave it to him beat him up second time at Scott's Trade Center
in St. Louis he got the best of me I poked the bear he was an up-and-comer and he dumbed me
so we how do you decide these types of things you do the trilogy well it just so happens we
were in Winnipeg on the Pink Whitney tour and he challenges me. What's the game actually called?
Phantom Punch.
I don't.
Yeah, it's a solid game.
I would never do it because mine would be so weak.
But you see it in all the arcade. So what we found out was it was obviously luck in me catching a rut at the Scots trade.
And listen, his punches look vicious and strong, but they're pillows.
And the game doesn't lie.
He said that the owner of the bar in Winnipeg was behind there
messing with the numbers as we were playing.
Complete bullshit lie on national television
while not on the panel to dig his hole even deeper.
So I don't know.
Like you said, Whit, I agree.
I'm punching down.
And if Dolan will give you back your balls in the mason jar
that he has them in on his desk in his office, come on the podcast and defend yourself.
But I don't think the Rangers allow guys in their podcast.
I don't know if they're trying to follow and lose footsteps.
I don't know if they're part of the doobie train.
I don't know.
I don't know.
Can we get New York Rangers on anymore?
I think Revo doesn't give a fuck, to be honest, and I think Revo would come on.
But, Biz, I have to ask, what is your price?
Every man has his price.
After Revo retires, what is your price to fight him in rough and rowdy?
I think 1.5 million is easily doable.
I think that that's about the right number.
And then we'll talk numbers with revo if he actually wants to and
he's not just all talk and what do you think's fair like a 2500 appearance fee no give it yeah
but but per diem per diem for the flight because and then maybe like we'll pay for the airport um
food lounge we'll pay for his flight, his Uber rides, any
four-star hotel that he wants to
stay at. He can send in
receipts for meals, and we'll put
him on three days of NHL per diem,
I believe at 104 a day
now. It might have jumped up to him. And we'll cover his
boxing shorts for the outfit
at the fire. Here, Revo, I'll even
cover your training costs.
But we know you're just doing we
know you're just doing curls and and triceps so i don't even know if you need a trainer for that
so 2500 bucks is the appearance fee buddy and and if you like i said if you have the balls come back
on the podcast and we could talk about it because at least you'll know you can find me here so and
or i'll send you a schedule to tnt so you're not talking
to nobody on the panel next time biz who would you pay off like a ppp out of ppv out of celebrities
to see fight like what's the most you would pay for a celebrity fight at rafa rowdy 500 200
000 depending on who it was to pay to watch it yeah then you can make you make up the competitors
like two shared celebrities you'd love to see have a slap fight or maybe one of them secretly tough.
I don't know why this just came to my head.
I'd like to see Pete Davidson and Kanye go at it.
That'd be fun.
And listen, like, I'm not going to
Kanye's obviously fucking going through some shit right now.
Like, do you follow any of that stuff?
This guy's
Yeah, I'm pretty sure he's like a complete bigot.
He seems like a legit scumbag real bad person
shit you don't blame him at the limit half my family's bipolar and they never said that shit
so that's he's lost his mind man it's fucking sad um but uh yeah i'd like to see that scrap
i don't know if you heard charlamagne's contest or not contest uh comments about how like he
called him he's like how are you gonna pick that pick that guy's side? He's fucking my wife with his 10-inch penis.
That's what I thought.
I was just going to bring that up.
Everyone's been saying, how does Pete Davidson get all these girls?
And then it comes out that he apparently has a 10-inch schlong.
So did you answer everybody?
He's just ribs and dick, man.
He's like Ricky Carlson.
I mean, even if it's not true, there's no better room you can have out there, right?
All right.
Revo, I love you, buddy.
Ribs and dick is a sick way to go through life, I'd imagine.
You're not worried about being fat.
Although Rick Carlson's skinny fat is shit.
Revo, stop using my name for clout, bro.
Revo's going to dummy you.
Pasha, if you're listening right now, you can light the candle,
turn on the Michael Bolton in the NHL Network on mute.
The Devils have won six out of seven after the opening night.
Bluebirds are now in first place in the Metro with 12 points,
making Biz eat his words.
Pasha's Devils shut out the champs Friday night, won nothing,
and they blew out Columbus 7-1 on Sunday for a 6-3-0 record.
Jesper Brat in his seventh year with the Devils has four, five, 11, 15 points.
He's fourth in points.
They got five forwards with at least three goals already.
He should lighten it up.
Marissa, Jack Hughes, Andre Palat got three goals.
Dougie Hamilton, seven points.
Goalie's getting it done.
Biz, what do you got to say to this?
You were talking smack in their first place right now.
My fucking eardrums.
I had Pasha in town.
Yes, but Pratt.
Yes, but Pratt.
Yes, but Pratt. He's been saying his name for four years since I met Pasha in town. Jesper Brat. Jesper Brat. Jesper Brat.
He's been saying his name for four years since I met Pasha.
Hey, what do you want for an appetizer?
Jesper Brat.
It's a sushi place, dude.
Jesper Brat.
10 a.m. this morning.
You better put some motherfucking respect on Jesper Brat's name when you record today.
That's what he texted me today
at 10 a.m. He mentioned it every time I saw him because we didn't mention his name in the previews.
The reason I didn't mention his name in the previews is because I didn't know if he was
going to be around past this year because he's been offered two eight-year deals and he's swatting
them away probably because he's fucking bored of playing in that building so yes he's off to an incredible start and so is the team i'm not gonna pump their tires until they take out a full page
ad and they're i don't even know what newspaper is the main newspaper in new jersey but the fan
base should get a gofundme and they should do a public apology either online or in the newspaper
to lindy ruff because all I keep seeing is these people send me these
analytics sheets I think every single one of their fan is sent emails by the team about the team
analytics and where they're just crushing every fucking team well here's a stat for you they beat
one team over 500 maybe two so that's a not taking anything away from their start and actually before
I start ragging on them,
I want to go back to the beginning of their last game.
Ken Danico.
Oh, oh, oh, my.
Oh, no.
Oh, no.
What is this?
Oh, no.
Oh, no.
Oh, goodness.
This is.
I don't know.
Oh, gee.
Hey, Revo.
How the hell are you doing, pal?
Ever.
Man, you know, I just heard you around your mouth.
I just wanted to hear what you were saying because I'm on the road.
And, you know, I always want to hear what Biz has to say.
He's got rabbit ears, Biz.
I didn't think that the Rangers were allowed to come on the Spitting Chicklets podcast anymore.
Why is that?
Because I was saying everything that I thought was true during the season last year that you guys were fugazis.
And then you got lucky to get past the Pittsburgh Penguins.
And then, yeah, you guys went on this bit of a miracle run,
but then you guys are struggling this year.
Three losses in a row, and then you're playing the New York Islanders,
and then you come at me on TNT when I'm not even working?
Well, you've been running your mouth everywhere.
You're running your mouth today.
I'm not even here to defend myself.
Fair, Revo.
I told him.
Fuck, I told him that him that fake story about the
owner thing is you punched a piece of plastic in a bar okay you want to step in the middle of the
ring with me that's fine but you want to keep punching plastic and living your glory days from
three months ago in the summer that's fine revo listen i caught a rut at the scotch trade and then you you did the belt caught a rut
you said it was my right fist that's the only thing you did the belt sign right fist and then
the belt you you know why I know that you know that I caught a rut is because in the penalty
box you apologize for doing the heavyweight belt to rev the crowd up do you know how many people
hey the only reason I apologize because I know you're a good guy and I didn't want to disrespect you like that not because you caught a rut i didn't apologize
for beating the shit out of you i apologize for doing the bell that's it revo when you came to
the league and then i fought you in arizona who won the first fight i did oh okay now we have a
true disagreement folks with everybody's gotta we gotta got to put it online and put the full fight.
Put it online.
We need to get a vote.
I think I won the first fight.
You got lucky in the second one at Scott's trade.
And then we settled it in the trilogy when you called me out.
Hey, by the way, I don't know if you heard.
Scott.
Oh, there's an S on there?
You're so nervous.
I thought it was the Scott's trade.
No, it's Scott's trade. Scotch taste.
Oh, okay.
My bad.
But then I don't know if you heard they renamed the name at that bar in
Winnipeg.
What was the name called?
Upper dogs, up dogs, upper cuts.
Underdogs.
Underdogs.
Underdogs.
Sorry.
I was feeding it upper cuts.
That's when I was dumbing you.
But they renamed the game the pillow punch because of you.
Oh, yeah. The Ryan reeves pillow punch edition at see no this is why nobody listens saying the shit you say you just lie did you did you did you did you say on national tv that the owner reached
out to you and that he was manipulating the numbers like the wizard of oz behind the scenes
on the new pillow punch well first of all i said the owner DM'd me saying that there was something shady going on.
That's it. I didn't say anything about Wizard of Oz. I didn't say anything about Pillow Punch.
Why don't you send me his contact and we'll get him on the podcast?
You have his contact. You have his contact. You were driving around in your pink truck all summer.
You're talking to him. You have his contact or you just walk in there
and you just ran the bar.
Speaking of contracts,
you said contracts.
Speaking of contracts,
we have an offer for you.
Rough and rowdy
when you're retired.
What's the price?
Send the paperwork right now.
Three days.
Three days per DM pack
at NHL money.
I'll do it for free.
Size of everyone's the whole thing.
Size of just made one point. Who's the whole thing Who's your agent?
Who's your agent? Don King?
Is your agent Don King?
No, no, no, I just do it for fun
I don't need no money for that
Wow
You buy my plane ticket there
Let's go Bloodsport
We'll do the glass on the fist
Alright, I'll take your share.
I know Wheeling West Virginia will sign off on that.
But, Revo, aside from my rut at Scott's trade
and me up 2-1 in the series
and me maybe considering once we get the paperwork signed up
for Ruff and Rowdy giving you another shot at the title,
what's up with the team?
Breadman looked good on his birthday.
You guys got handed that win last night in AZ.
That fucking call in the third period on Dylan Gunther was bullshit.
Just be honest for once.
You know what?
I'm not supposed to be doing interviews right now.
I just wanted to come in and defend my honor.
I can't be talking hockey with you right now.
Why?
What do you mean why?
You know the rules.
You can only go on TNT and call your ass out.
Dolan's got the bulk in a mason jar.
That's what's up.
That's what's happening.
I heard you were talking shit.
I had to come in here.
I got stuff to do.
I ran to my car just to say what's up.
Tell that scumbag lady who got tossed from the Hurricanes building last year
banging the cowbell.
Tell all the scumbag fans.
Tell Dolan to stop hiring all these bots to come at me online, too.
Because when I met all the Rangers fans at ASU,
they were all asking for fucking pictures.
Fugazis.
You're just a popular guy, Biz.
The F fugazis
i love you guys i gotta go i know thank you buddy i love you buddy wow congrats on the handed victory
i'm gonna snatch it from you next time i wasn't even offside in dallas that's what got you guys
off the four game skid wow the fucking league i league. I don't got time for your shit right now.
All right. Holy shit.
I would say that
him doing it
for free puts a wrench in the plans.
Oh, I had to
do that, babe. I'm sorry. I had to
for what, bro? I had him on his heels.
Unreal. I had him cut, catch a rut
just like I did at the Scotts trade, bro.
Gotta get in touch with this bar owner because there's a lot prior to this story once we talk to this guy what if he's
like i never talked to reeves or what if he does admit that there was stuff in a computer system
that could change the numbers of the punching game that's the man we gotta find out a lot of
info from i never felt like we were part of the like wwf before i told that that was brilliant
chief bringing him in like that. That was Pearl Harbor.
Awesome stuff.
Where was he at the practice facility?
No clue.
I just texted him and said, Biz is running his mouth right now.
You want to come on the pod?
And within 30 seconds, he joined.
Oh, my God.
Hilarious.
He was like he was auditioning for Chick-fil-A.
I just watched the first fight, Biz, in Arizona.
He threw a bomb that missed.
You kind of threw a bomb that missed you kind of threw a bomb that missed you
both threw two others but then you got on top of them so like the fight was even but if you end up
on top of the guy I guess that would give you if you had to pick a winner you the first round I
agree all right guys before we go any further we got to talk about game time the NHL is back and
if you want to see any games this season you you need GameTime. GameTime is the ticketing app that makes it easier than ever to score the best deals on tickets to sports, concerts, and shows, and they guarantee the lowest price.
If you haven't given GameTime a shot yet, don't know what you're waiting for.
You guys are going to love this app.
We've had tons of Barstool fans using it, hitting us up on social media about the great deals that they are getting.
We've been using GameTime all year, and we went to the Steelers game.
You guys saw the video, you saw the clips, and it was all because of GameTime.
Download the GameTime app, go to the account tab to create a login,
and redeem code CHICKLETS for 20 off your first purchase.
Terms apply.
Download GameTime.
Last-minute tickets, lowest price, guaranteed.
All right, back to the Devils.
They gave up 10 goals in their first two games.
Since then, 5-1 with 20 goals for just 12 goals against.
I know the save percentage don't look great with,
but do they maintain this pace?
Are they going to compete for this top three spots in the division or what?
I think that they're going to compete to make the playoffs.
And I think last week I was laughing with biz and biz goes on the rants about
how they,
their fan base and their team really does really stick to the analytical
numbers that show them to be one of the most dominant teams.
They just can't get goaltending. And when they do,
it's one of those things, everyone look out, watch out.
They're going to run ravage over the league when they can get some
goaltending. So they've gotten that. and it's kind of proven to be true.
Now, I don't think their goaltending has been fantastic,
but it's been enough for them to win.
What is interesting is that Bratt is this good.
I already admitted I fucked up.
Maybe to Posh I said this,
him not being mentioned in the preseason preview show was a little.
I didn't think he was going to be around, though.
It was a little disrespectful.
He's coming off like 73 points, whatever was he is a game changer but what's
interesting is they've been able to turn this whole thing around without Jack Hughes popping
off it's one of those things if you told me that the Devils were going on a five and one run in six
games it'd be crushing teams I'd be like oh I think Hughes might have 12 13 points in that span
and he's playing solid but he he hasn't taken off like I guessed
he would have for them to be this good. So I think he sure doesn't get
enough respect, including from me. I've never thought of him as a first overall pick, but I
think overall he's a very solid player that could be good at both ends of the ice.
Bratt, I didn't know enough about him. He motors. His skill level
is high end.
He is a UFA, correct, Biz?
I think he might be restricted, but he's been offered apparently two eight-year contracts
in which he said just flat out no.
There were no negotiations back and forth.
He straight up wants out.
No, yeah, this is it.
This is it.
He's on a one-year deal this year
he is rfa at the end of it to make it five yeah he's restricted so he's a hell of a bargain though
him make it five four jesus i mean you look at guys like him and marshall jesus christ their
contracts and and i think that the devils are going to be competing for a playoff spot i don't
think they end up top three in that division because I don't think the
goaltending is going to be as solid as it
has to be for them to be good.
It's like you could be as good
as they are five on five,
but if you can't get saves, it's such a
mute argument, if that even is a term.
I don't even know what I'm talking about right now.
It's moot.
The question is moot.
The team is still, to me, not the most fun team to watch.
I think part of it is the building.
I've harped on this.
I talked to Frank, the tank, diehard Devils fans.
The building just doesn't do a ton for me.
But that could help them in the long run because teams can fall asleep
playing in that barn.
I'm sorry, Devils fans.
You guys, you don't bring the noise.
You don't bring the thunder night in and night out at that arena.
They did bring it the other night for Canada.
Well, they were playing the cup champs though, dude.
I disagree.
I've been to the Devils.
I know you played there.
Did you go to them playing the Rangers or the Islanders?
No, I went to when they played the Bruins a couple of years ago,
and it was awesome in there.
I mean, I love that rink.
Really?
It sucks like where it is in Newark.
Tech talk hockey, of course,
is going to love it.
But they got that Reds outdoor bar
like right next door.
They keep that street open.
Everyone's just getting buckled beforehand.
I've always had a great time at that arena.
Did you guys go a little deeper
into the Ken Danico thing
when I went and grabbed the water?
No, but we should mention that. But you could go into what you want. I'll set it into the Ken Danico thing when I went and grabbed the water? No, but we should mention that.
But you could go into what you want.
I'll set it up.
Ken Danico got honored.
I got the chance to work with Ken Danico at NHL Network.
This guy is so fun to be around.
And we interviewed him on Chicklets.
I think people have probably heard that.
If you haven't, go back and listen.
An amazing career.
He was honored as being part of the Devils organization now for 40 years.
As a player who won three Stanley Cups,
since then he's been a broadcaster.
He's done the color commentating.
He's done things for the community.
He's done things for the youth hockey program.
And when he got out there, he had no idea
his son was the one singing the national anthem.
So I'm glad you brought that up, Biz,
because knowing Dan, that was really cool to see.
He deserves all the love and praise
from Devils fans that he gets.
Yeah, and a majority of the positivity coming out of my mouth about this team the other thing i
wanted to touch on the fucking disrespect i couldn't imagine what lou lamarillo would have
said if you would have heard that this got out on their social media them taunting the stanley cup
champions what about that the the mean that's been going viral about the
the halloween costume so they put an l please send it to them i couldn't believe it was real
i couldn't fucking believe it was the first the social media posted to me jay pathetic
because they finally beat a team above 500 and more social media nonsense i keep
talking about these analytic cheats people are sending me i never said this siegenthaler was a
bad contract i never said that i said it was insane to give somebody with such a small sample
size a seven-year deal well people are telling me him and hamilton are the best shutdown d in the
league after 10 games and they're acting like this guy's the next fucking Scott Stevens.
So let's see 20, 25 games into the year when you guys start getting into the thick of things and facing a little bit of adversity, and it's no longer the tick-tock hockey, and you got to get to the hard areas.
We'll reevaluate that.
Give me 25 games to see what type of position they're
in these these young teams young fast teams they always come flying out of the gate so
congratulate but he's sure he's fucking playing up to his contract he looks unbelievable yes for
brat is like based on contract money at an insane pace for points based on salary earned.
A lot of good things in the pipeline for the New Jersey.
And in the bad news sector, Palat being injured, it's tough.
It's tough for the team, but it's just great for me
because I got that bet with Pasha, 23.5 goals over under.
I got the under.
That's probably a win.
I think that was for 500.
You could Venmo me now, Posh, if you want.
But Devils fans, congrats on this little turnaround.
Last year, 63 points.
Pathetic.
Horrendous.
Been a while now, but you're on a little buzz,
so we have to show a little respect.
Even Biz, I think, knows they're playing pretty well.
I think I took the high road in giving them the respect
that they deserve with what I said,
given the fact that they have not issued the fan base, issued that apology towards Lindy. Right. Lindy, you can't send me you can't send me all these things that you're first in and then want the head coach fired.
It makes no fucking sense. He's running the ship. So I'll move on from that.
But if I hear the name Jesper Bratt or if I see a tweet with the name Jesper Brat in it one more time, I think I'm going to have to check myself into a mental institution.
So, Pasha, fuck off.
Gee, I think that newspaper is the New Jersey News and Telegram, if I'm not mistaken.
Alan Sepinwall wrote for them for you as the famous TV critic.
But we're going to move on to the Chicago Blackhawks right now.
Like you said before, players don't tank.
Front office is tank.
Players have pride.
They go out to win the game.
And that's what we're seeing with the Blackhawks right now.
They're playing very much like they have something to prove.
After they got a shootout point on Sunday versus Minnie,
they're 4-3-2, third in the Central, ahead of Colorado, Minnie,
Nashville, and St. Louis.
But, guys, you've never played on tanking teams quite like this.
The guy's got to be sort of insulted that they're brought in ostensibly
to not be a good team.
No?
I mean, we want to lose.
Here, we're going to sign you.
I think it's something that you as a group galvanize around.
And I think that having Kane and Taves there as leaders
is probably massive for them.
But they were the fucking butt of the joke coming into the season.
One of the teams where people were like, oh oh these guys are going to be fucking brutal so
it's luke richardson obviously they're they're playing hard for him and it's fun to watch
and also it's a it's a bunch of misfits where like for instance a guy like max stomi he's been
getting you know from team to team to team and he's been off to a great start like
so these guys anthony ceo there's another guy he had one of the fucking goals of the year already
maybe probably the top goal of the year so far and so you put these guys together who have a chip on
their shoulder and something to prove and hopefully put up some numbers in a place where they can maybe
get a little bit of a contract extension and feel like they're actually home somewhere so great start for them
did not expect that they played balls to the wall and and it's great like you said r.a front offices
have that in mind and maybe they see value and we talked about how difficult with the numbers
it may be to move one of them if not even both of them at the deadline cane and taves maybe they see
value in their
leadership and the professionalism that they bring to the the rink day in and day out that rubbing
off on the young guys and these guys who are eventually going to be a core group there in
Chicago more valuable than trading them away for for an asset I think that ultimately they're
they're going to probably hope to get a big return but But I think if it's not enough to kind of get their juices flowing,
why not keep them around?
I think having a guy like Luke Richardson, I know he's a new head coach,
but he played 21 years in league, a rugged stay-at-home D.
I think he automatically gets that respect from the players.
But what do you think, not necessarily the coach,
but do you think the guys in the room like say hey
man we know what's going on here just go out play your balls off or is it just like implied understood
when you're in a locker room in this situation yeah you are you are not thinking as a player
i mean i remember the years in edmonton that if there was a chicklets back then or podcasts or
whatever preview shows were going on it was this team's going to be pathetic they're going to be
brutal and not one guy playing while May knowing in the back of your mind
that that's probably the case and that the roster's a little overmatched,
not one guy's not going balls to the wall and treating this like nonstop.
We have to win.
We're going to do our best.
When we lose, we have to come back the next day.
We've got to figure it out.
It's being a professional.
And it's not easy to do because as much as I want to compliment Chicago and they deserve it right now.
And I'm happy for Taves was five goals already in nine games.
A guy who's such a proud athlete and has heard the rumblings about him not being worth the money and everything that's been said about him these past few years.
That's the type of guy that's going to show up and look to have the best possible season of his life.
He doesn't care about the three cups.
He cares about now, today, attacking each day individually.
That's kind of what you have to do.
And as much as I want to say it's a great thing
for Chicago to start this way,
it's eight games, nine games.
By the end of the year,
they're going to be one of the worst teams in the league.
It's the same way we're reacting to the Maple Leafs
when we're reacting to all these different teams.
It's nine games into the year.
We're trying to do a show.
We have to talk about these things.
Chicago sucks.
They're going to stink.
And in terms of their core, they're really  all the guys in this roster,
they're not even going to be the core in the future.
I'll simply say this.
As a guy who was on an NHL team in three consecutive years
where we made playoffs I think
that media and everybody had us painted about finishing 14th or 15th in the west so having a
big training camp and coming in prepared where you hit the ground running it's just staying in the
fight you're talking about all these thoughts that you you were going through in Edmonton and like
obviously if there was any hopes that you were going to make playoffs,
you had to hit the ground running.
I talked about it with the Philadelphia Flyers
and why they needed a guy like Torts to come in and take the country club vibes
and make it a full-on war.
That way, when you hit game one, it's like you're already in, like,
you know, mid-season form.
So it seems as if, though, this is what Chicago did out of the gate.
They did take a fucking beat down in Colorado to start the season maybe that put a chip on their shoulder too and ever since then they've
been good and they've been getting some good goaltending I know it was Barazic in net uh to
start that the year in Colorado but that Staloc who came from originally San Jose then went to
Minnesota then went to back to San Jose for a little quick rip he's been kind of you know just floating
around as a backup all these years he's feeling the vibe right now and he's getting a lot of the
lot of the net well they that's the thing that's why it's it's it's kind of smoke and mirrors in
the last six games they've lost three in a row they won three in a row before that they've still
given up 24 goals maybe 25 in wins they're're scoring a lot, which is great,
which I think some people expected they wouldn't be able to,
but they're, they're, they're giving up goals.
They're going to continue to give up goals.
And I just have such a hard time thinking as much as this starts a good
thing.
And even with Luke Richardson,
who has so much respect around the league and from his players in the end
roster,
the roster doesn't give them a chance to compete for the playoffs.
Now, if I'm wrong, I'll eat my words as I have many times,
but it is cool that at the beginning of the year,
when being shit on nonstop,
they were able to at least get off to a start where people are like,
let's not exactly count these guys out every single night.
Yeah. We'll see if they continue to hang in there.
If they fade and trade eventually. Also,
Sunday's game, Marc-Andre Fleury passed
Hank Lundquist for all-time shootout wins with
62, and Dean
Everson got his 100th win, so congrats
to Creed and Marc-Andre Fleury.
Boys, we just had a little
Blackhawks talk. Probably a good time to send it over to
Marion Hosey, yeah? Yes, and
before we send it over to him,
I've wanted to interview this guy since the show began,
really didn't know how to get in touch with him.
Didn't have his number.
I don't think he's on Instagram.
And finally,
we were kind of given the opportunity with Marion's book coming out that we
talk about,
but this guy I've said it before was one of the nicest people I ever met in
the game of pro hockey.
And I think when you listen now, you kind of hear what i'm talking about a true gentleman and a true legend so we want to
thank him before we throw it over and for you young kids playing hockey listening like the like
guy he's that dude the the championship mindset and you know dealing with the adversity and how
to handle it combined with work ethic like that's the direction of this and what i took from it this guy was a horse um it sucks that his career was was cut short because
of a one of the skin issue we end up talking about that late in the interview we hope you guys enjoy
it because fuck we we sure as hell did and uh g thanks for lining up this interview buddy shout
out to scott king shout out to scott king who helped publish his book. And R.A., I think you got some info on that book. Yeah, the book, it's called Marian Hossa,
My Journey from Trenching to the Hall of Fame. He wrote it with Scott Powers, and I can't wait
to get my hands on it. Awesome interview. It was an honor to interview a guy like this. So without
further ado, here is Marian Hossa. Well, before we get to Marian Hossa, we want to let you know
that his interview was brought to you by Shopify. It's time
to knock that new business idea out of the park with Shopify, the all-in-one commerce platform to
start, run, and grow your business. Forget the off-season work. Shopify makes it simple to sell
to anyone from anywhere. Whether you're selling warmups or wall hangers, it's time to start
selling with Shopify and join the platform, simplifying commerce for millions of businesses worldwide.
With Shopify, you'll customize your online store to your brand,
discover new customers, and build the relationships that create diehard fans.
Shopify fields all the sales channels to grow a winning business,
from an in-person POS system to an all-in-one e-commerce platform,
even across social media platforms
like TikTok, Facebook, and Instagram. And thanks to 24-7 support and free on-demand business
courses, Shopify is on your team every step of the way. When you're ready to take your winning
idea to the world, team up with Shopify, the commerce platform powering millions of businesses
down the street and around the globe. Try out Shopify for free today and start selling anywhere.
Sign up for a free trial at shopify.com slash chicklets, all lowercase.
Once again, go to shopify.com slash chicklets to start selling online today.
One more time, shopify.com slash chicklets.
It's an absolute honor to welcome our next guest.
He was drafted 12th overall by Ottawa in the 97 draft.
He spent his first seven years there.
He then played his next 12 years in Chicago, Atlanta, Pittsburgh, and Detroit.
He finished with three Stanley Cups, got inducted into the Hockey Hall of Fame,
and next month, his number 81 will be retired by the Chicago Blackhawks.
Welcome to the Spit and Chickens podcast, Marian Hossa.
Thanks, guys, for having me.
Appreciate it.
Pleasure's all ours.
Where are you talking to us from right now?
I am actually in my office in Slovakia,
in my hometown, so in my house.
How's retired life treating you?
Actually, actually pretty good.
I enjoy the time off.
Obviously, love to keep checking on hockey,
keep checking how the Blackhawks are doing,
how my old teammates who are still playing are doing.
And obviously, you know,
so often I was checking Instagram,
and then obviously you guys are so popular.
You know, congratulations again over 1 million followers.
That's amazing.
And,
uh,
keep going.
They're all,
they're all bots,
fake hooker accounts.
Yeah.
We got Russian bots,
but it's okay.
You can't tell until the comments start going.
Yeah.
I didn't read the comments,
but,
uh,
well,
hosts,
I mean,
this is,
this is a pleasure,
like Ari said,
for,
for,
for us to get to interview you.
And,
and I'm curious now you still, I always told everyone talking about you, this guy's a pleasure, like Ari said, for us to get to interview you. And I'm curious now, you still  I always told everyone talking about you,
this guy's a horse, this guy's a beast in ridiculous shape.
And it looks kind of like you're still right there.
Is the workout routine staying similar to when you play it?
Are you still in the gym constantly even after retirement?
Yes, I am.
You're nuts.
You're crazy.
I just love it.
Not like every day, but, you know, I just, you know, fishing.
I'll get into the boxing lessons.
So I'm boxing the last two years.
I told my wife I want to do something different than when I was playing.
You know, obviously, I like to go to gym.
But, you know, after so many years, it gets a little bit boring. So I like to, you know obviously i like to go to gym but you know after so many years get get a
little bit boring so i like to you know upgrade it i like to go skiing you know like italy uh
in alps in austria and so on then uh during the winter during the summer you know i'll definitely
love to play more golf and uh you know get in the box kickbox and those ufc stuff obviously i didn't
have any fights you know look at me like I had
like three fights in NHL come on in 20 years so you guys know what I don't fight much but uh you
know it's fun to be in a shape and do totally different things so that's why I wanted to do
after when I retire you think you'll do like an Ironman or something crazy like that probably not yeah i like uh not iron
man i don't think i am that type of guy all right i couldn't i couldn't imagine doing that hey we'll
leave that to the others leave that to the other slovak zdeno he could take care of the iron man
stuff yeah oh yeah that guy oh definitely yes harry going back to your younger days the iron
curtain was still in effect back then so were you familiar with the nhl did you hear about it like
the stasty brothers is that stuff stuff on your radar or did the
government just keep it away from everybody back then uh i remember uh i was probably you know
below 10 years old and uh there was a footage in a sports like our sports section was like you know
i don't know like one minute long after the news and all sudden i'm
sitting there and there's like from edmonton oilers you know 80s some footage about this guy
wearing 99 and he was just like doing like circles around the pylons you know and scoring
hat tricks and they were showing us like who is that guy like wow that looks cool so i was like
my eyes were on him and after they start showing more and after i got in love with this guy and uh
then i got in love with mario lemieux and uh when you guys uh check this wall you know there is like
uh you know gretzky and uh lemieux uh sign jerseys so the those two guys were my first idols and i
have them on the wall they uh they signed the jersey for me. And so since probably below 10 years old,
I started finding out there is National Hockey League
and my eyes just get bigger.
So prior to that, it was almost like you,
I remember your Hall of Fame speech you talked about,
you just kind of wanted to play for your national team.
Like that was your entire goal
until you learned about what was going on
in North America, right?
Yeah, definitely. Like my goal was playing for ducla trench in men's hockey and after if i got lucky
and you know pretty good you know i would be lucky to play for my country and uh and definitely
those my two first goals but after when i saw there's like something named national hockey
league i was like wow that, that's pretty awesome.
Where does the work ethic come from?
Did it just kind of snap at that point where you idolized Mario and Wayne
and you wanted to be a professional hockey player in the NHL?
Or was it ingrained from you from like a family standpoint?
Or is it just like really the culture?
I think the discipline came from my father.
He was a hockey player, you know, and he kind of saw maybe I have some talent in the early days, and he knew if I want to make something out of me, he kind of made my focus not on the girls, not on the dance clubs, but make sure...
The bar discotheques yeah exactly so so i was uh you know pretty well coached since early age with my
brother by my father you know he was pretty strict in a certain ways and uh after later on he knew he
can believe us and i think that was the big key to our success hey people might be laughing right
now but i played in the under 18s in piers channy slovakia and at the age of
like 12 13 that's when the kids start going to the clubs it was crazy how like you're like shut
up dude 12 buddy it was bizarre how young the kids were how how young can you get in the clubs there
i think that was like 14 15 that's what i'm saying it was like what the fuck is going on around here
i know beers are dirt cheap and everyone's just having a good time like so yeah so it's it's smart that he probably kept you
focused at a young age there yeah one time actually uh there was like sunday after a game
we had like in junior league some game and i was probably like 15 16 years old and i remember
he told me like okay you can go out after the game but uh, you know, 10 p.m. you need to be home.
So I said, oh, great, you know, 10 p.m. I got lots of time, you know, but the time went so fast because we were having fun, right?
And I think I had like one beer, you know, at a young age.
And I have to catch the bus, right?
So I have to calculate it, you know, make sure I'm 10 o'clock at home.
So I came like 10, 10.
I opening up the door in our apartment is slowly closing and there
is a dark everywhere and all of a sudden like i close the door and i was like turn around and
there's like slap you know i was like bang he's like he's like you go to bed and we talk tomorrow
and i think that's the last time my dad slapped me you know uh and uh yeah definitely it was last time and i i remembered it so uh he was he was like
he was like great and he's great dad and i love him you know but uh you know we talk about it and
we have a good love about it hey it's something you look back now you're like maybe maybe i needed
that but biz i wanted to tell you also bitch in the hall of fame speech i was talking about he
thanked his dad host i speak for you right now he thanked his dad. Host, I speak for you right now.
He thanked his dad.
And then he said, but thank God we got our mom's hands.
Because his dad was a stay-at-home defender, right?
Never scored any goals.
Yeah, yeah.
He was great blocking shots.
You know, he was a really tough defenseman.
But, yeah, his goals were on the side.
But in all seriousness, I think your reputation, if people look back, is of your generation,
if not the best, top two or three, two way forwards.
Do you think him being a defensive defenseman really kind of shaped that,
that there was never going to be any relaxation in the defensive zone from you?
Well, I think I kind of, I was offensive when I started,
but then I slowly started learning
how to play defense and I started enjoying playing shorthanded situations and uh big key
was a year in Detroit for me that uh you know that year I was learning I was already like
learning you know but that year in Detroit definitely helped me quite a bit uh to become
better two-way forward.
Obviously, learning from the, you know,
Richelios, Niklas Lindstrm,
all those guys who are winning like three or four Stanley Cups.
You had like Jan Zetterberg playing unbelievable two-way hockey.
And the best was Pavel Datsyuk.
And I played with him.
And after practices, we were stealing packs from each other.
And he schooled me on the beginning
but after towards the end of the year you know we have even matches of the one game we played
and i think that year definitely helped me to become way better two way forward how like how
so like just body position on like short uh like short area battles yeah he had he had that guy had
unbelievable tricks you know i thought i
have a puck he left that he leave it there for me and all of a sudden he slashed my stick you know
he kicked my stick and i couldn't get to the puck and he was laughing i was like i felt like peewee
guy in front of him i was like this is cool you know i want to learn more from this guy and he
was so quiet you know he didn't say much he had like his sense of humor i speak a little bit
russian so i think you know we click right away from beginning but the things he did they were
amazing i think that guy if he felt like talking to more to the media he would be way bigger
superstar than he was right yeah what about what about you hounding pucks like as soon as i said
your name to rick talk and i said we're're interviewing Jose. He goes, oh, my God, back checking.
Is that where you learned it too in Detroit?
Or were you always a puck hound like that on the back check?
I think I love to stealing the pucks from behind.
Obviously, I was in Pittsburgh just maybe four months, you know,
playing with Witt.
And I enjoyed stealing pucks.
I think when I got older, I enjoyed it
even more. It came to the
point where I started enjoying it even more
than scoring goals because
just get the
top guys frustrated when you take the
pucks, make me happy.
But you have to be
in really good shape and
when you get older, it's getting a little bit tougher
because your body doesn't uh doesn't uh uh you know recover thank you you know it's been five
years since uh since the last time i was in the states so yeah the body doesn't recover as fast
so definitely it's tougher you have to be in a really good shape you have to i wasn't i would
say i was watching what i
was eating i was just kind of like what i'm thinking to my body uh i wasn't strict with the
diet but you know i was just uh the balance that was my key you know i knew i cannot eat like too
many you know sweets and then just lay down you know i have to do something in the gym right going
back and just like looking over your numbers back around your draft year now this is kind of before the internet this is before like
so many things have changed now with the draft and international hockey but you were picked 12th
overall you you you played unbelievable that season in the Slovakian men's league did you know
like anything going into the draft like was your agent aware of where you were going to go? And I'm guessing nowadays, like you would have gone higher, right?
That was the Joe Thornton draft, but your numbers were so ridiculous
the year prior under 20 and then in the senior league
that it's almost surprising you dropped to 12th, right?
Tell you the truth, I wasn't sure like what number I'm going to be drafted.
And we had the unbelievable Slovakian guy, Robert Dome.
And he got drafted 17 by Pittsburgh.
And he was like young Jagger.
He was like big, you know, like guys just flew off him.
And he was like super talented, skilled.
So he got big, skilled guy, you know, just carrying guys on his back.
And I thought he's going to go in front of me.
And after like under 12, they start talking about, you know, a guy from his back and I thought he's gonna go in front of me and after
like under 12 they start talking about uh you know guy from uh Dupla Trenching and I was like okay
that's Robert and he's like Marian Hossa I was like wow that's me so I was like I was like really
surprised I was going 12 I was hoping going first round but I wasn't sure how good other people were
in different league because like you said there no internet, so you couldn't check.
You were just sitting there, sitting duck,
and I was just hoping they'd pick you.
Marion, first season you came to North America,
was it a huge culture shock when you got here,
just how everything's so different than your homeland?
Oh, yeah, definitely.
That was a big change.
Culture, definitely.
On the ice, too.
The ice, the smaller surface less time and i remember uh
when i was going to the orawa senators dressing room and remember back in there was towards the
end of 90s years and i came i think 97 98 in the dressing room, then in the gym. And there was guys like pumping irons, you know, just, you know, like really big guys, big guns and just like clutching, grabbing and hooking.
So I was like, wow, I was kidding kids.
I was like, what I'm going to do here?
Like, I'm not supposed to be here.
You know, this is like, like this guy is like going to eat me alive.
And it's totally different, right?
Like these days, like those guys are like soccer players built. Yeah.
So, but definitely there was a culture shock and, but I enjoyed it.
I got good people around me since the beginning, I think.
And I just listened to them and I tried to, you know,
be the best I could be.
How important was that year in the WHL with the Portland Winterhawks and coming over
like what like how much different was was your introduction to to like North American hockey
oh there was uh obviously I was a little upset uh they sent me down after seven games but now I know
that was the best thing uh that happened to me and they I think they knew what they were doing uh obviously come to Portland and my roommate was
Brandon Morrow so uh Brandon Morrow you know old uh captain for uh for the Dallas Stars and then
we play against in the finals when he was with Tampa so we had lots of good memories after I
left Portland my brother stayed with him I think another another year. He had me and my brother.
He was great to me.
Winning the Memorial Cup in that year was amazing.
I hurt my knee the last five minutes left of the final game.
I was so upset because it was the first time away from Slovakia.
Looking forward to the game, hopefully we you're looking forward after the game kind of like you know hopefully
we're gonna win you know final game and you can fly home in a couple days and it's like
bang like surgery I miss home I want to go home oh yeah I want to go home they said well you have
to fly to Ottawa you have to do surgery you have to do rehab there you cannot go home I was like
I was like no way so uh so but you know everything bad i learned in my life it's for
something good and that year whole summer i spent there with a conditioning coach or randy lee and
i got bigger i got stronger and i really work hard with him and i gained muscles and uh
i think that was so that was best thing ever to happen to me. So when you got injured, right, I did read the guys pushed you back
onto center ice, I think, to celebrate, and you were just in a chair.
Was that a torn ACL, though, or was it something not as major?
Yeah, there was a torn ACL.
Wow.
Yeah, totally torn.
There was like five minutes left to the final game.
Yeah, so I was a little frustrated
i was a little bit worried uh you know what's next uh right you are like first round pick for
senators everything is going your way you won the as a 17 year old you won a cup with the men's
hockey in slovakia as 18 year old you won a memorial cup so everything going great and all
sudden boom so uh but like i said you know uh it made me uh stronger i
stayed in the states i gained muscles i get pounds i start eating more uh than before so that
definitely helped me since you didn't have your family there in ottawa like who did you lean on
the most for like the mental side of it you know going through adversity for the first time in your career kind of wondering how things will progress yeah uh on the beginning my mom flew so she stayed with me uh so that
definitely was easier to do she dropped me to the rink in the morning and i told her to come back in
four hours you know she picked me after four hours you know and uh that was that was my life and i
started learning a little bit more around the city.
I started getting to know some people, making friends.
And, you know, that was good.
That's amazing kind of here.
And anyone listening to that, it just shows like, yeah, you're coming off an injury,
but your entire life was getting healthy in hockey.
And as much as you wanted to be home, you dove into really just learning the culture and then getting better it's
it's interesting to hear how much you had to give up that summer to kind of become healthy in the
in the player you are or became right yeah there wasn't that wasn't easy uh because i really missed
home and i couldn't so they actually let me go for uh you know a few days to spag my bags and uh I remember it was long like maybe five days and after five days you know
I flew back to Oro and then I stayed there full year uh and uh but uh you know great memories I
learned better English stayed there whole summer uh make some new friends, visited lots of bars.
The guys who stayed there, they took me everywhere, so I kind of knew the little spots in Ottawa.
And that was also good times.
And that next season, you missed a decent amount.
I think you came back around December, I was reading, and ended up getting second in Rookie
of the Year and had a good year.
What's interesting is that was the beginning of some special teams in Ottawa.
I know playoffs that year was kind of quick, but moving forward after that,
there were some great clubs you guys had, huh?
Yeah, we had really talented teams in Ottawa.
We had great players.
We were winning so many games in the regular season
but for some reason every time we hit the playoffs we couldn't pass the Leafs for some reason you
know they had like really tough greedy strong team and they just they just intimidate us and
they play physical game you know and during the old rules
clutching grabbing your tight dummy course and tucker you know be like they just like like after
the game you just all blue slashes everywhere you know so but it's a great memories and we just
couldn't beat them for some reason host no offense but uh we we know you're a little old if you're talking about not being able to get by the leafs in the playoffs and them not being soft
you could you could chime in too host you won't say anything that anyone's gonna get
upset about you want to rip on the leafs or what actually they are fun to watch but uh
you know they remind me us when i wasators, that we couldn't pass the first round.
Oh, great.
I clip it, Grinnell. He clips it.
That's so funny.
Marian, after the 0-1 season,
you guys made a trade for an old teammate in Czechoslovakia,
Big Z, Zdeno Csar.
Did that put a little pep in the team step,
having a guy like that coming into the lineup?
Yeah, Big Z was, I don't know,
that was his maybe fifth
year in the league, if I'm correct, or
something like that, right? He got traded
and we got him
I think, if I'm not mistaken,
for Alex Yashin trade, but
we are getting Big Z. I was so happy
because, you know, he's my countryman.
He's from same hometown. We know
each other and that was exciting to
have a big guy like that in your team.
And obviously, that guy, you know, is ridiculous how he trains.
Like, I never see anybody train harder than this guy.
He's like a freak.
He's the nicest human being you meet.
But when he hit the gym, he don't know where don't know where there is like, you know, enough.
Back then,
did you think he was going to have the career that he ended up having?
Did you see him being a hall of famer at some point?
You know, I would be lying if I say yes,
but I knew his willingness was stronger, stronger than anybody else's.
And it's, I think that's inspiring story.
What he did in the national hockey league you know
i remember him uh i remember him uh when he was in a junior or before junior in slovakia you know
people were laughing at him and he actually looked funny because he was so big and they didn't have
skates for him they didn't have a pants his pants looks like
little shorts you know and his hockey stickers were so short like there is like no plaques to
make it longer so like big guy he was like bending over like playing like small pond hockey
and he couldn't like really skate as well and and like it looks really funny but it's inspiring
what he with the hard work and everything else, what he'd become and, you know,
winning Norris trophies, Stanley cup champion. And now I'm, you know,
for sure he's be hall of famer soon. That's, that's inspiring. You know,
that's just showing the kids, if you really want, you know,
prove something to you, hard work,
just bring you totally different levels you can imagine.
And also battling the elements of the equipment and like realizing especially at that time not being able
to have access to like the top i know some kids would want to quit biz like yeah it's like it
must have been so hard for him and he just stuck with it amazing yeah and i think the biggest
turning point for him was when he decided to go to prague for a little bit and from prague he went
to a western hockey league and all sudden in western hockey league you know they're taking
care of him they found the skates pants and everything was bigger all sudden he got comfortable
and he just like took off from that uh like uh can we joke around a little bit is there anything
in the gym he would do and you'd be like buddy fuck off like enough like this is just absurd like you're being you're being a bit of a hard-o here z oh yeah like uh
yeah i remember like he was training in a really old old uh wrestler gym because his dad was old
wrestler like really big guy and and uh he did exercise like maybe 20 exercises you go like
first one you have to jump right then
you do like uh spins then you would do like different thing so you go like to number 20
and then you got like big ropes you know and it's like oh you only go like up and down five times
you know it's like after these 20 times you go only five times up and down he's like okay you
do it once i'll do it five times but just finish it you know he's telling me so me and gabby go and i think gabby after first one you know he's like about to be done and gabby
said like i'm not doing this so i'll go probably two times and i started i said z like these hands
you know this i'm making a living you know with these hands you know i cannot like do the ropes
up and down it's like just do it once and uh and then you know you're gonna be okay but
just finish once i said okay i'll just do it once and he this guy like went up like five times like
up and down like up and down and he's like pipes and everything i was like how he does it right
you're like you're like z i'm not my dad i actually need my mitts to do stuff on the ice. Exactly.
So that 0-1-0-2 season, I believe, and correct me if I'm wrong,
there was kind of a holdout on your end,
and you weren't getting the deal you wanted.
And what I was curious about was it says you played games for Trench in that season.
Were you not signed with Ottawa and decided to play some games
pro home in Slovakia before you signed your deal?
Yeah, we were holding out. I yeah if I'm yeah we were holding
I think with big z we were holding out at the same time so uh but it's risky to play those games
though yeah yeah it is but we need to stay like in the shape in case you know we agreed so we
definitely uh I think we our agent got us some insurance, and we started playing some games, not too many.
I think the contract was signed pretty quickly
after we played a few games.
But it was nice to play for the home team.
I enjoyed time with Big Z,
and it was funny when the other opponents saw him on the blue line.
You can tell how scared the other kids were
when they see Big Z
just on the blue line, patrolling the blue line.
What's his sense of humor like?
Is he watching the Big Bang Theory, or is he an office guy?
He is a really smart guy, but he likes to have a little fun.
I know how to make him laugh.
And he laughs, you know, like little jokes here and there.
But, you know, as soon as he jumps on the ice,
like there is no jokes for him.
There is like only hockey and play for the team and do the best.
So he's a little bit different.
I like to have fun also on the ice, you know,
joke around sometimes with the guys I play against, right?
But him, like there is no chance. No tummy tummy sticks for we call it tummy sticks on here you know when guys are at the face off and
they're like tapping each other's shin pads and joking around tummy sticks tummy sticks yeah we're
like no no keep those conversations for after the game no more tummy sticks oh yeah not with him
definitely doesn't work that way marion you mentioned mentioned Alexey Yashin a few minutes ago.
He seems like kind of a mysterious guy
that people didn't really know about. What was he like behind closed
doors on the same team with him?
Yash was a super talented Russian
guy with a size, unbelievable shot
and a really nice guy.
I
enjoyed a short period of time with
him, having him on the team. And obviously
I think when he,
when Ia was holding out a couple of times,
I think people get a little bit, I think, tired of it.
And after, like, he got traded to Islanders.
But, you know, I saw him, I think, one time in the Bahamas
and he's playing blackjack, he's having fun, you know,
waving me.
He's like, hey, host, come to's having fun you know waving me he's like hey
come to the table you know let's have a drink so he definitely enjoyed the life and I think
in Russia he's doing pretty well I was I didn't know if you if you knew or could fill us in but
when he went back to Russia after 07 like he was still lighting up the NHL was he just kind of sick
of playing over here do you know i i would
be lying but i don't know but you're right i think he was super talented uh he was he was fun to watch
when he put the his game on oh it was like wow like the wristers and the snapshots like amazing
he had super talent they had higher higher limit blackjack over in russia where do you want to
fucking hit the table goals over there.
So we talked about how you had the evolution of your defensive game
when you got to Detroit.
Who do you think was most impactful
when you finally started clicking offensively in the NHL?
Like who, you know, who was it, your line mates that helped you out?
Like who specifically helped you find that next level?
Well, I was lucky because
in each team i think i had like really strong offensive players with me and uh you know you
name the team uh we had like you know i started lots of years in ottawa i played with radek bonk
and marty havlat daniel alfredson you know and uh they were just fun fun bunch. We played responsibly defensively for Jacques Martin in Ottawa,
but also we had fun offensively, and there were just great times.
And then when I got traded to Atlanta, you know,
you got Ilya Kovalchuk and Marc Savard and Slava Kozlov.
And, you know, there was, like, strong power play. And, you know, guys were, like, you know there was like strong power play
and
you know
guys were like
you know
passing
sauces across
and there was
just amazing
passes
so we enjoyed
the time
and you know
when I got
traded also
to Pittsburgh
you know
playing with Sid
that was just
like easy game
there was
that was just
we clicked
I think
it took us
a little bit
because he was
hurt
then I got hurt
but I think towards the end of the season bit because he was hurt, then I got hurt.
But I think towards the end of the season,
we find out how to play with each other.
And so we'd say that was easy to get the points with him.
Wait, isn't there a story on how they finally started clicking?
No, you know what?
I remember  a Pittsburgh story I remember is after  I think the first round when we, when we, you know,
you're, you're one, you're one year in pit or you're half year.
We went to the finals.
I think me, you and Hal Gill went out after the first round where in your
mind, I don't think you played that well.
I think everyone else was like, the guy was amazing,
but you weren't up to your standards and we got wrecked.
And then the next three rounds, you just lit it up.
I think you had over 20 points in the playoffs. I don't know remember we went to mario's and caught a buzz yeah i remember like
after each round we went because i was like this is funny you know like are we winning we go out
after the rounds right and well we won in four games five games five games so we always had like
seven days till the next round started and we all, we all catch one night. You remember really well because there was Hal Gill. He was living,
I think in my building. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.
And he showed us obviously where to go because we were traded from different
places. And yeah, there was a, there was great times.
What was the other one? Wasn't there one with, you know,
they weren't playing well as a team. There was a bit of a losing streak that in chicago yeah that was from scott darling he mentioned it okay there's a
bit of a losing streak in chicago yeah so you know sometimes we like to dig up a little dirt on on
the guests we have on and apparently that's right things were not going so well in chicago a little
bit of a losing skid and you said to tell the boys uh hey text the wives and you guys went out and
got uh got pretty tipsy.
And then you guys ended up going on some awesome terror.
Yeah, that's what we did in Slovakia.
So I don't know what year was it.
But definitely, I think maybe we started hitting tough, tough games.
And we couldn't win.
And I don't know.
It was like maybe the rumor has that it was
my idea maybe it was I cannot remember correctly but we definitely sound like it was my idea
because that was from back home well when going back kind of to the end of the time in Ottawa but
we had the lockout season where the whole season was canceled and then you were traded to Atlanta
for Dan and Heatley like any idea that was coming I whole season was canceled, and then you were traded to Atlanta for Dan Heatley.
Any idea that was coming?
I know you signed with Ottawa and then were traded.
Did you know that was going to be a sign-in trade?
Take us through the first time you were traded in pro hockey.
So, yeah, I was waiting after the season.
I had like six pretty good years in Ottawa, you know, scoring goals,
having decent points, and I just felt like I could sign
a bigger ticket for the next years and I love Ottawa.
I thought that they love me there so I just felt pretty confident
I'll be there another three years and we just have to
find the balance of what is the exact amount.
They told me uh they've you know fly to fly to toronto for arbitration i was like fuck yeah i'll do it you know i'm signing like you
know this uh you guys give it to me uh you know six years uh and uh before i was signing like
i said okay you know it's my beginning of the career, but now like, I just feel like, you know,
I done pretty good. So I deserve it a little bit better.
And so I said to my agent, let's go to arbitration.
So we flew to arbitration and early morning before, you know, they,
they called me and my agent, if he can meet for five minutes. So I was like,
I was like, yeah, let's meet.
Let's talk about some things.
And all of a sudden,
they said they're going to give me what I asked.
I was like, hold on a second. I don't understand.
I flew all the way from Slovakia to Toronto
and now you guys are going to give me
everything that I want?
I look at my agent and I'm like, I don't understand.
Can you translate to me?
But as soon as I signed the deal, I said, perfect, great.
We shook hands.
But John Muckler, my agent asked him, he's like, my agent asked John Muckler, he's like,
we want a no trade clause.
And John said, oh, no, I never do no trade clause.
So we knew there was something behind it.
I never do no trade class.
So we knew there was something behind it.
After I signed the contract, they opened like big, big bag.
And there was like big fax machine.
I was like that year, you know, like, I don't know what it was, early 2000.
Just huge fax machine.
I was like, it's like, agent is like, is this like normal?
It's like, oh, no.
It's like, okay, let's go.
We got the deal i said all sudden all
sudden my my my teammates like calling me from odawa he's like i heard on radio gonna get traded
to atlanta i was like oh my god that's how this went down so you had no crazy yeah i had no clue
you know but i started guessing that must be something right but no clue at all we shook
the hands like you know see you in camberry the hands, like, you know, see you in Canberra.
And it's like, great, you know, thanks for the deal.
And all of a sudden, I'm going to the airport, and I'm sitting on a plane,
and all of a sudden, there is a McClure's phone number.
He's like, hello?
He's like, it's John McClure.
Marian, I just want to let you know you got traded to Atlanta.
I said, thanks, bye.
So I got nine hours in the plane to think about it you're like wait a minute you're like what the fuck just happened
they basically like because you would have been like i don't know if i want to sign that deal if
i know i'm gonna be in atlanta yeah yeah but uh that's sleazy yeah there was uh there was stuff
to swallow.
But it was what it was, you know.
And I tried to, I said to myself, okay, you know, I came to Atlanta,
totally different market, right, from Canadian city,
everything about hockey, you come to Atlanta.
And I was like, wow, this is different.
There is like lots of cool things I like about Atlanta, but lots of things different hockey-wise.
There is like, you don't know there is a game, right,
because there is like life in the city is totally different
when it's a game in a Canadian city.
Everybody knows that.
So it took me a while to adjust, but after I said,
okay, just focus on your game, don't worry about the surroundings,
and just be the best you can be.
Well, your first two years there were your two most successful years
offensively, and i know maybe the
team didn't have a lot of success but it seemed like you you mentioned those offensive players
you got to play with so that was front of the some of the funnest hockey you've ever played
yeah there was uh there was talented team uh we didn't we only uh made playoff one time
uh out of my two years because third one i was traded to pittsburgh so uh one time we
got really close but second times we made the playoff first time and last time in all our history
and uh you know bob hartley was tough coach uh but you know he loved me so he played me tons and
he knew he can rely on me and you know i i didn't care how he was because he let me play
and uh i tried to make the best out of it marion what did you know about atlanta when you got
traded there anything at all oh yeah not much not much there was like obviously uh the weather was
nicer that's what i knew and not many games not many people went to the games.
Obviously, when you play Atlanta before against them,
that was like, you know, the crowd wasn't as strong.
But I think when we start winning games
and we draw more people in the crowd,
then I think that was better.
But, you know, I went to the NFL.
I went to the basketball games.
All of a sudden, you could go to baseball games.
The city was so big, unbelievable restaurants.
So, like, the scissors just open, and you could explore way more
than in a smaller, you know, Canadian city.
A little better than Moxie's in Canada.
Yeah, yeah.
I love Canada.
I love, you know, whatever.
But definitely, you know, Atlanta just opened your eyes
and a huge American city.
Did you like your time there?
It took me a little bit to adjust,
but after I started finding out, like, different places,
I started loving it.
And my first year, I right away bought a house in the suburbs
by practice ring, but I didn't realize when I got traded,
everything happened so quickly.
The season started soon.
So I bought a house where all the families with the kids live.
And second year, I bought a different place
because I just felt like there was less driving.
And that was way better.
I was more in the city. I was more enjoying the city life uh and uh then we sold the house and stayed there
in Buckhead area little uh little fun fact for you you were traded for Colby Armstrong a guy
we're starting a new podcast with called Chicklets etc so all of a sudden you go from Atlanta to
Pittsburgh and you guys go on a run and you get
you mentioned playing with Crosby so ideal situation for you and probably the first
opportunity in your career where you really felt like you had the opportunity to win a Stanley Cup
I uh there was the day when I was in Montreal and they told me you know Hoss you have to come
for the morning skate.
So I knew something was in the air,
but I wasn't sure like what team,
where I'm going to be traded,
if I'm going to be traded.
So I stayed there in the room and all of a sudden Don Waddell
told me, Hoss, I got a new team for you.
He said, it's Pittsburgh.
And I was like, wow.
Right away in my eyes, opportunity,
you know, like talented team, you know, with lots of potential. I was like, it's like great, you know, like a right away in my eyes opportunity you know like talented team
you know with lots of potential I was like it's like great you know like let's go I'll never
really forget that because it was it was my first um real experience of like pro hockey in the
business side because Armstrong and myself were good buddies Eric Christensen was on the team he
was part of that trade and the rumors were flying that, you know, if Pittsburgh could get Hosa,
that could put him over the top.
Like, everyone wanted you.
Everyone knew you were going to be moved.
You were UFA.
But then finding out, oh, my God, we got Hosa.
What did we send back?
And it was Army.
It's like he's in the room getting ready for pregame nap.
It's just crazy.
And then all of a sudden you came over, but you got hurt right away.
I remember the first game, I think it was, you hurt your knee.
In Boston, yeah. Yeah. with uh pascal dupuy uh we flew to boston and uh my first game
and i got hurt my knee and i was like no way but good thing there was mcl only i think two weeks
off and that wasn't that bad so that. But yeah, definitely a scary moment because obviously trading players
from your team to a different team and all of a sudden the guy
who is the main part supposed to be, he got hurt right away in the first game.
It's like, no way.
Hey, so Pascal Dupuis was part of that trade too.
He ended up being a huge piece for the Penguins.
People thought he was a throw-in and he was unreal with Sid.
Oh, yeah. being a huge piece for the penguin people thought he was a throw-in and he was unreal with sid oh yeah he was like uh i was talking with sid uh and he was saying like you know you and pascal were
like toughest back checkers who came uh for us and uh you guys were like back checking me like
crazy and uh duper was like super fast right and he could like catch any guys. And that was just a really good click and obviously great for him
because I think he was a big part of, you know, the success in Pittsburgh.
Penguins went to the Stanley Cup that year, lost in six games to Detroit.
And you signed with Detroit the next year.
But how come you only took a one-year deal when you went to Detroit?
Yeah, that was
I have a million questions about this whole thing. Yeah, yeah. We got to go back to Pittsburgh like come on hold on hold on hold on
well if we're gonna go back to that like it's unbelievable to think that that Ray Ray Sherrill
probably was the most depressed human being in the world when you told him you were going to
Detroit who had just beat Pittsburgh it's like that must have been the hardest thing for you ever
to make that phone call and say, hey, sorry, Ray.
Because I think the Penguins were offering you
close to seven years right around then, no?
I think they offered me five years,
and around seven, between seven and 7.5,
I can't remember, playing with Sid.
I was like, right now I'm looking at myself it's like
what I was thinking right I signed one year in Detroit like uh nuts but at a time at a time I
was like I had a tunnel vision for some reason I want to learn from those guys obviously I just
felt like there is the chance when you go playing with those guys, that group, to win, right?
I'm not going to deny that.
But I knew I can learn.
I was like, what is the success in that dressing room?
Why are they so good?
I want to be finding out more.
I don't care.
It's one year.
They offered me eight years in Edmonton for crazy money.
My agent threw at me.
I was like, I don't care. I want to agent throw at me I was like I don't care like
I want to go there I was like I don't know why but I had like this vision yeah and obviously then
in the summer you know my idol called me Mario Lemieux is like I think they my agent didn't
reply to you know Ray Sherrill and all suddenio is calling me so i'm driving in the highway
in slovakia by my town i was like see the american number and it's like hello it's like it's mario
let me know marianne i was like oh it's like what it's like oh hold on it's like pulled you know i
was like well wow he's like it's like first time america called me and wow that's amazing right so he's like you
know and he was telling me like uh you know they would love to sign me if i could make a
make decision if i'm willing to be part of the team and i and i felt really really at the time
i felt really i didn't know what to tell him right because he's like super mario you know my
my idol and i said like you know i definitely gonna get back to you guys like uh with my agent
and uh i have to make a decision i understand you guys waiting for it and i i wasn't sure at the
time so i wasn't lying but i had like you know a little peek i said like you know detroit could be
the place too and i have like great two choices and I couldn't decide.
I want to go back just to the cup final.
And I think it makes total sense that you bring that up.
Like I want to play with these guys.
I want to see what makes them so good because we lost in six games,
but it didn't feel as close as it sounds. Right. It was,
they were so dominant. And i remember uh sid after that
just talking about how difficult zederberg was to play against and lidstrom was so nasty and
and so i'm assuming just in the final trying to play against those guys even though you almost
tied up game six late you probably realize like this team is almost unbeatable like like i i need
to kind of experience what it's like to be a Red Wing and be this dominant right after dealing with them in the cup final.
Yeah, yeah, definitely. I want to see what they're cooking in that kitchen.
Right. Mike Babcock, the coach and Chris Chelios, Chris Chelios there.
And, you know, like I writing I was writing in my book, you know, how Babs, you know, is, I think, the best coach for prepared guys,
prepared team.
But, you know, he also can burn you really quickly.
So, you know, there is like, you know, two sides of this.
But definitely I want to learn, you know, how the professionalism,
like from Draper and those guys in the third, fourth line, you know,
how come they just keep rolling, you know?
What is driving them?
And I think that's why I decided to go one year to Detroit
and see what happens.
Was all this communicated to, like, Sid and stuff?
Like, were they trying to pull you to come sign back with the team?
Yeah, did you have to talk to Mario again or was that was that it no that was it no no I I I never talked to uh him uh
again only uh I tried to ask to sign my jersey uh a few years later. You left him on read.
But Sid, no, he didn't get involved.
Like, I think we talked, you know, I think after I signed in Detroit,
when I was in Detroit, he came to my apartment the year after,
and we had a talk.
Then I took him for dinner.
I was already with Detroit that year, so that was, I think, early in the year.
And we had, like, good talk, and still. So that was, I think, early in the year. And we had good talk.
And still we keep in touch until this day.
We text here and there with Sid.
But I don't think he's the guy who wants to be involved in different type of business.
So he just leave it up to me
and what happened happens and uh you know he wasn't involved did did terrian be in coach
have anything to do with it and did he ever blow cigarette smoke in your face he didn't do shit to
us no like uh he was i i didn't feel anything with I remember my first time when I
came to Boston I had breakfast with you guys
you know I don't know if
with group of guys
so I met the guys
in a hotel
in Boston
and he's like
this coach Terry
you'll see him you know
I was like wow this guy this guy like i hit bob
hartley he was pretty like pretty keen and uh detail oriented and uh like young guys really
were frightened by him i was like okay let's see who's this guy uh you know uh michelle terry and
i never experienced anything you know he, he was easy, you know.
Nobody's getting you back check like an animal.
You get 90 points.
Trust me, you're not dealing with any of the bullshit that normal humans had to deal with.
It's hard to dislike you.
But I have to go into that next year. And as a guy who gets made fun of quite often is being traded from a team who went to win the stand, went on to win the Stanley Cup.
There was,
there was one other person and it was you that it was tougher for like,
and thank, thank, thankfully you ended up getting three,
but I can't imagine your, your,
your mental state after losing that game seven and, and Danny Cleary told me that Detroit team was better than the team that,
that won the year before. It was just,
it must've been so heartbreaking for you to leave Pitt and then go through that.
Well, you know, I would never imagine in any dreams
these two teams meet again in the final, right?
What's the chances?
And, you know.
I know, you didn't want to see Pitt.
It's like anyone but them, right?
It just creates storylines.
And obviously, you know, we win and we go to finals
and we're waiting i believe we were waiting and all of a sudden like pete beat somebody and they
went to the finals all of a sudden you know all the media attention is like here we come you know
like guy who signed to detroit uh uh from pittsburgh and we started well. We started like we were up to nothing.
And, you know, the series were similar
than the year before, right?
To nothing.
But I think that team,
Pittsburgh team were more experienced.
You know, they learned from their,
from the loss before.
And, you know, they got mentally,
I think, stronger.
And we couldn't beat them in their building.
They were like so tough i mean obviously uh i i just i had the unbelievable year that year in
in detroit but that final i i i got like tight right because mentally right mentally you try to
get loose you try to prepare you try to get loose. You try to prepare. You try to blog everything.
But you just, you know, some games were better than others,
but you just weren't yourself as you were before.
And you could felt it, right?
You mentioned the reasons as to why you were leaving.
Did you get everything you wanted out of your experience in Detroit, though?
Like, do you think it ultimately put you to that next level
despite leaving Pittsburgh and them having the success that season uh you meant when I left like
just from like what what it would take to be a winner and to get to that next level like you
went and spent that year with the Detroit group like did you get everything that you wanted out
of it as to why you left Pittsburgh you left Pittsburgh to try to achieve that and learn all those things about what it was like to be a champion yeah even even
I didn't win uh you know that was like toughest summer for myself in my career uh even I have
unbelievable year that year uh you know I think I was like still am the last player who scored 40
goals for Detroit since then.
I don't think there's anybody else after that, after me.
So, you know, the year obviously playing with Datsun, you know, it was amazing too.
It was way easier.
But even I didn't win that year, Stanley Cup, I was the closest you can get.
Game seven by one goal, it's like you cannot get closest, right?
Closer.
So what I try to say is even I didn't win,
I still learn what I need to be learned from those players.
And that put me to be a better player for the future years to come.
And trust me, that summer was devastating.
I feel, you know, I heard my funny jokes, you know, this and that.
And after the time I was like, okay, like this is either going to break you
or it make you stronger.
And, you know, I want to do the second part.
So I just blog everything.
I just focus. i train as hard
as possible that summer and i didn't listen to anybody and when somebody joke i kind of laugh
with them you know it's like whatever you know like you guys funny so i just went and trained
harder and i knew i'm gonna be free agent again right so somebody uh gonna sign me somebody gonna
expect you know the best out of me and i need to be prepared so
don't worry what happened you know you cannot return and just try to be better so you got a
new deal coming marion wasn't going to be a one-year deal this time you got a 12-year 63
million dollar deal in chicago how was it were your first impressions when you got there the
locker room how are you how are you front load that bitch too hey marion signing bonus i want it all in the
first two years man yeah so uh i like there was another summer and i knew as a free agent i got
the chance obviously i knew i'm it's not gonna be detroit after saying uh they're signed uh
swedish players like uh uh z zederberg and uh franzen and And so I knew I have to look somewhere else.
And the option was either a few teams
and best of it for me, you know,
I like to be part of original six teams.
I saw it in Detroit.
You know, I said Chicago could be pretty similar.
Young, fun group of guys and, you know, great coaching staff.
And I was really looking forward, you know, to be part of that group.
And, you know, we signed, you know, great city, original six, you know, future and, you know, security.
So perfect.
Edmonton still offered 10 years, 230 million. You're like, oh, I'm sad.
Did you guys play Chicago that season prior in Detroit on the run to the cup?
Yeah, we beat them in the conference finals.
Yeah, so you saw they were coming.
Yeah, I think it was 4-2.
We beat them 4-2 or 4-1.
But you could tell they got some good team coming up.
And they were like super young that time when we beat them.
But you could tell the talented team.
Third time was a champ fight as far as the Stanley Cup.
You went to three in a row with three different teams.
When Patty Kane scored that goal in game six, did you see it going?
Did you know it went in?
Or were you confused like everybody else?
I was confused.
From my angle, that was impossible to see. You know, from my angle that was impossible to see
you know from my angle so
I just felt like the puck
just disappeared and there is like no way
it could be a regular goal
but everybody jumped like half
a board I think jumped on the ice
but there was I think only like Patrick
Kane saw that was in and
maybe some other guy who was
at the same angle who saw the puck was going in
but everybody else was guessing and my reaction i don't know if you guys knew but i was like
hanging on a board half half one leg was on the ice one leg was on the bench and i was like
struggling what to do like celebrate it i don't want to celebrate too early right i lost already
two cups on the row it's like we're gonna you know i i want to make sure so what i did uh guys were start celebrating
on a bench on the ice and i went straight to the referee i asked them it's like guys can you tell
me it was the puck real in and he's like we're checking on it host but uh we believe it's in
it's like yeah it is in i was like so soon is that monkey of my back you know i started flying
so i have to check with the referees is there anything you did differently in that final like
are you a superstitious guy did you have to keep reminding yourself uh you know a phrase or
something yeah but it's not superstitious i think you know just habits like how how i do things but
i'm not like uh crazy about superstition but i like i like to pray before the game you know just habits like how how i do things but i'm not like uh crazy about superstition but i
like i like to pray before the game you know like sure pray and uh and i go to the church but not
every sunday you know uh i skip you know here and there but uh that's how i grew up uh a little bit
religious but not totally religious so uh i i i pray a little bit before the game, but sure, pray,
and that's about it, you know.
Like what?
For like a nice backhand sauce backdoor from Kaner?
Like what do you ask the big man?
Anything specific?
Actually, I pray, you know, to stay healthy, to win the game, you know,
and if I get lucky to score some big goal.
There you go.
All right. Fuck, maybe i should have prayed more wit oh yeah i'm sure that would have done a lot dude had you ever seen
a city party to that extent chicago when you won that first cup did you ever see anything like that
before uh no obviously it was my first experience and uh you know super young team so i think for
those guys young guys that were like in the league maybe some of them like for a second year and there's like oh this is great this is
easy right and me winning in the third final finally I was exhausted but there was I think
way funner for me to experience that win than everybody else and I think the guys knew it. That's why Johnny Taves gave me the cup as a first guy.
And it was amazing.
You know, Chicago is such a big city.
After almost 50 years winning the cup again,
and, you know, my first year there,
that was just like a dream come true.
When you first, you know, got to play with Patrick Kane,
and I know at this time of his career,
maybe a little different off the ice as he is now as he's grown up but on on ice you must have been
blown away and he's so different than Sid in ways but like it's just he's a magician and and right
when you you saw that were you kind of convinced that there was something really special there
yeah you're right uh different than Sid I think uh sid and uh taser are really similar in
certain ways as a like in such a young age being captain's responsibility they took uh on their
shoulders you know i think there's like certain similarities with them kaner is like a magician
you know like uh freestyle like showman you know people watch him you know he like freestyle, like showman, you know, people watch him, you know, he put people out of their stance and just unbelievable moves,
crazy, crazy goals and just fun to watch.
And definitely a fun guy to be part of it.
You know, I think he had lots of fun in the early age.
Then I think I watched him, how he mature to be unbelievable person, great dad.
And right now, obviously, you know, he won everything pretty much what he could win.
And he's still going full cylinders.
Because one teammate, I'm going to ask an obligatory question about big buff, Dustin Bufflin.
What's one of the funny stories you had hanging around him?
Everybody loved that guy.
Oh, yeah. He was amazing. He was a force.
It just like when he was on top of his game, it was like,
it's just fun to watch. I, I,
I was pretty strong guy and I was like watching him and I was like,
I wish I got that superpower by this guy. Like, this is amazing.
Like he just throw people off. He started laughing to their faces, you know, after the game.
Just chugging the beers and, you know, like eating whatever.
And he just, like, next day he showed he's just flying
and just ready for the game.
Just fun guy to be part of it.
He loves to laugh.
He loves to have fun.
You know, just amazing, amazing guy to be part of it.
You have to make all those changes after that first
Stanley Cup with all the contracts and things like that I think I think you guys lost in the
first round maybe two years in a row get to that third year and you win that second Stanley Cup and
the crazy part about that is I remember watching that game and Boland scored it was like whatever
20 seconds after you guys tied it up do you remember like kind of being on the bench seeing it go in or just like all of a sudden it was over right yeah there was 17 seconds in boston uh it's it's
crazy because we were down by one goal and we couldn't score like they were so strong defensively
you know like you have like uh guys like you know bergeron you know like Chara Marchand uh it is like unbelievable they play
Lucic you know force defense uh great goaltending and we were like man like we can score we cannot
score and all sudden you know we pulled the goalie last minute we pulled the goalie and
Brian Bickle scored a tying goal
and a whole bench jump, right?
So Q just putting four lines there,
ball on Frohlich and those guys.
And, you know, we're still celebrating.
It's like perfect overtime.
Yeah, right.
Like we are back in the game.
Awesome.
And before I'm spraying water in my face, you know,
in the bench, all of a sudden before I sit down,
there is another goal.
I was like, what the fuck just happened? It's like, we're going to be Stanley Cup champions face you know in a bench all of a sudden before i sit down there is another goal it's like what the fuck just happened like it's like it's like i was like we're gonna be standing
up champions you know it's like what the hell are going on like this is amazing i think that's
that's something you have to be there to experience it even people like in front of the tvs they after
the one goal maybe or before they took a piece they came back there was like two goals they
thought something is broken on the tv because there is like there's can be right in 17 seconds
change the game right so like there was uh just unbelievable feeling to win the game that way
and win the championship in boston that was payback for all the bullshit you had to experience
with the two the two finals and losing man it's just's just a the feng shui the what do you call it the yin and the yang brother yeah yeah yeah that's uh
i just always feel uh like if you if you work hard if you focus and uh you know you're a good
person good things happen to you eventually not all the time but you know you just have to keep
working you bring your best and good things will happen and uh you know that was the key there too i i was gonna go back one year i want to see you guys
won it then the next year is when the coyotes beat you in the first round and i was part of that
series and and there there was a massive moment that kind of shook the the whole the airways
really was when raffy torres hit you and got a 25 game suspension which
at that time it felt like basically life in prison how did you feel about the hit after all said and
done and like what did it do to you because I know it knocked you out of the series I never get in my
20 years career I never been hit harder uh because I wasn't expecting it. My vision is pretty good.
You know, when I have a battle, I kind of look one eye if somebody's coming.
But I just passed the puck, and I turned around.
All of a sudden, like, the buzz was coming, and I wasn't expecting it.
And that was a heavy, heavy hit.
And maybe I should be more aware because, you know, when he's on the ice
and you guys have like pretty pretty tough
team uh tough guys uh buzzing around great skaters like yourself and i kind of you don't need that
he was wheeling someone in the crowd he was pinocchio over here yeah keep going yeah but
no uh seriously so i maybe should be like aware of it more,
but I swear to God, I think that was a little bit late.
And when I turned around,
I thought I was going to go to the bench all of a sudden,
like the hit came and I was out.
And it took me a while, you know, to get back to normal.
I don't remember much.
I remember like after my doctor asked me like,
if your family's here, I was
going to the ambulance. He was telling me
a few days later what happened.
He was like, you remember when I was talking to you?
I was like, when? You told me your family's here.
And they flew a couple days ago to
Slovakia and you were here by yourself. I was like,
yeah, yeah, they're here. And I had no
idea. I was
out of it. Marion, I just want to go back to
the 2013 series again,
the 17 seconds. After you guys tied it,
were you surprised that the Bruins didn't use their timeout
right there to settle down because you guys were all over them?
Good question. I never thought about it.
Yeah, it's tough.
You know, tough to
say.
They maybe could use the timeout,
but I never thought about it totally true
i think it's it's it's probably going to be really special for you um i think it's november 20th
under a month away in which you're going to have your jersey retired right by the by the blackhawks
the eighth person uh in blackhawks history of their jersey retired how cool is it for you to
be able to go back and and experience that night And you must not have some nerves, but some excitement leading up to it.
Yeah, it's when Rocky Works told me, you know, what they want to do.
It was amazing because we had some type of deal, you know,
a gentleman's agreement.
When I agreed to trade my deal to Arizona. You know, I told them like,
okay, I'll do it for you guys
because, you know, I love it here.
You know, my daughter was born here.
We had the success here.
And obviously I'm not going to play anymore
because of my skin condition.
But, you know, I want to,
when my contract ends,
I want to sign with you guys.
And I thought he's going to tell me that,
like, you know, we want to sign it for one day, thought he's gonna tell me that like you know we want to sign
before one day
you know come over
with the ceremony
so he signed the deal
great and after
when he told me
also what I want to do
the jersey retirement
I started like
having goosebumps
on my body
I was like wow
that's something right
in the original
six teams
United Center there is only seven guys in the history I'll be the eighth that's just amazing something right in a original six teams, United center.
There is only seven guys in the history.
I'll be the eighth.
That's just amazing.
And I'm just really,
really humble about it and just thrill and looking forward to it.
You also have a book coming out on November 8th,
Marion hosts,
my journey from trenching to the hall of fame.
It's available at Amazon and triumph books.
Can't wait to read that one.
And there is right there. Oh, how many pictures you take to get that one that worked for the front
there the cover shot oh quite a few you know i'm not i'm not the model so it took me a while
do you get the wit spray tan for it yeah like the body edition hey keep in mind too you also have to
do a jersey retirement night for the coyotes because
of the the trade so i don't know if they told you about that's a package deal buddy we got to sell
some tickets buddy we'll see you somebody asked me if i i have a arizona jersey if they give me
jersey you know somebody asked me that and uh i i went to my brother's apartment i had like his
jerseys obviously he played in arizona 81 it Arizona 81. I was like, what is my jersey doing on your wall?
You wanted to sign it?
He started laughing.
I got kind of one last thing.
Did you know throughout your entire career
that you'd end up retiring
and moving back to Slovakia?
Did you ever consider living in the States?
How did that decision come about?
I think mostly times we knew
we want to go
back home but uh there was like a little hesitation for my wife last year and i was really surprised
because she was the one like really she wants to go home i feel like she loved usa you know
we had a great time in every city we've been together you know she had great friends but we
knew kind of all families back home so So we're going to eventually return home.
And she struck me one time.
She's like, you know, like, did you ever think about it?
Like, you know, what would it be if the kids, like, go to school, college, you know, in the U.S.?
And so I was like, wow, you know, like, you surprised me by this question.
And, you know, I was like, most likely we're going to go home. But, you know, was like most likely we're gonna go home but you know we start talking about
it and you know there was a little bit uh last year in the air maybe we stay maybe we go but
at the end of the day we kind of knew we're gonna probably go home get a little bit of confession
biz uh after you guys lost the cup at 08 in pittsburgh i was actually at that game and i
snuck down below to sneak into the detroit room. But before that, I highly doubt you remember.
I walked right by you and I had a Bruins hat on and I knew you were a free agent.
So I pointed at the hat like right after you lose the cup.
I was like, I was fucking like, who's this idiot?
Like I literally tied the game up and he's got a fucking hamburger.
He was good.
And then I'm like, he was good.
And then he's like, you know what?
Fuck that.
I ain't going to boss.
No, we will do what I love.
Did I say, did I say something?
No, no, I didn't.
I didn't even say a word.
You were just walking.
I knew you had just lost, but I just pointed like another word.
No, he said security.
Yeah.
Hit the emergency button there.
Before we get to our last question here, a message from our sponsor, Chevy.
From Bolt to Blazer, Equinox to Silverado, Chevy EVs are for everyone, everywhere.
They are affordable.
You don't have to be rich to have an EV.
All-star capability on a rookie's budget with enough space for the whole team to be comfortable.
The Chevy EVs are affordable, fun, and they go the distance. Over 2,000 certified
EV dealerships, along with a growing network of public charging stations to help you live electric.
Finally, charging won't put you in the penalty box. Now back to our interview. I want to ask,
which direction does the book go in? Does it talk about your childhood? Does it cover it all?
Like, what is it that it conveys?
Yeah, so basically the book, My Journey from Trenching,
which is my hometown to Hall of Fame,
just talking about, obviously, you know, two losses,
how it made me stronger.
It's talking about a little bit of my childhood,
how I grew up, who my idols were.
It's talking about the skin condition, where some people thought there was a fraud, you know,
that was like just try to go around the cup.
So I explaining how that went.
And life after hockey.
So yeah, to talk about my career and a little bit before and a little bit after.
Can we just maybe like, people were wondering like what ended up happening with that like how serious it was like can you
maybe explain it a little bit for people who don't know exactly what happened well well it's kind of
started uh when i was 34 years old something like that before that i never had a problem with the
skin and uh you know all of a sudden start showing up some rashes and I was like stretching it
But I didn't pay much attention, you know, you just keep playing
but after like year after year was getting worse and worse and after like
My trainer started looking at it and I was showing to them and it's like look guys, you know
Like it's getting worse then it's like yeah. Yeah, so
Obviously there was a times last two years were
really difficult and especially the last one it was was was starting terrible like summer when
you don't have equipment on you know just the skin just rehab uh skin just uh man like repairs
yeah pretty much and uh it's it's back to normal right but soon as you hit
the equipment you start sweating underneath that equipment uh you start playing games back to back
games practices you know and there is no there is no time uh for the skin to to kind of relax and kind of heal. And you play so many minutes,
back-to-back games, practices.
And last year, I went to play for the Team Europe
in the World Cup in Toronto.
Totally different group of trainers, coaches, and everybody.
I came clean, smiling, you know, again,
and we started playing games.
And all of a sudden, you know, I came to the rink and had, like, blisters all over me, you know again and we start playing games and all of a sudden you know i came to the rink and had
like blisters all over me you know and the trainers look at me like cause what's that i was like well
it's getting worse guys and that was september right during the world cup and i showing the
taking picture of it to my trainers we're going to the finals we beat sweden and i and I'm leaking guys going to the dinner and I put the jeans on right and the the
the skin just leaking through the jeans and I was like I was like I cannot go like you guys I'm
gonna order room service and after I I started feeling really bad you know like you know it
started affecting not just on the eyes but of the eyes when my kids try to, you know, I try to go and hug.
And my wife washing the sheets all the time because like it's like blood and leaks from that.
So it's kind of like a little bit disgusting.
And they put me on a pill.
It's called cyclosporine.
It's almost like half a chemotherapy pill.
So it's strong pills you took in the morning and at the night.
chemotherapy pill so it's strong pills uh you took in the morning and at the night and every two weeks i went to the hospital to check my if everything with my organs are okay after taking
this heavy pills to keep playing so i'm talking in my book about that uh how it went how many days
of joel quen will give me because he saw what was happening he's he told me he was great he's like
hoss i just need you for the games you know if you don't want to practice you don't practice you do what
you need to do i know i can you know rely on you you go to gym you don't have to come to the
practices you do whatever you want you can't prepare for the games so that was my last year
i didn't barely practice i just went to the games sucks because sucks because, you know, it probably cut, you know,
a couple more years off an amazing career, buddy,
but everything you accomplished, like we appreciate you coming on.
And I just wanted to basically pump your tires.
And there was twice in the pod where I remember the word that you were going
to use.
So it seems like we would have been great line mates.
Yeah.
Yeah.
You were dead that year, right?
Basically selling ads for your Jersey retirement in Arizona.
So he's just teeing you up, Haas.
But, hey, seriously, man.
Maybe we can get you for half a year with the Desert Dogs in the new rink.
Maybe.
I'll come back, too.
Actually, there was, like, a pretty strong lineup of these, right, in Arizona.
There was, like, Pronger, Datsuk, me.
Oh, yeah.
Yeah, we had a wagon.
They have a bunch of Hall of Famers.
None of them ever played for the team.
But, no, Haas, we just can't thank you enough, dude.
It was an amazing career.
It was a pleasure and an honor playing with you, man.
And we appreciate you joining the show.
So good luck with everything.
Have fun in Chicago at the Jersey Retirement.
Thanks, guys, for having me.
It was lots of fun.
And I'll be cheering for you guys.
And it's fun to watch.
Buy the man's book, folks. So we appreciate it. That interview was also brought to you by Blue Nile. Whether you're looking to pop the question, have a milestone to celebrate,
or want to let your love sparkle, Blue Nile can help make your celebrations even more memorable.
As the original online jeweler, Blue Nile offers the largest selection of independently graded diamonds in pieces priced significantly below traditional retailers.
Blue Nile has helped millions of couples create their perfect engagement ring.
Their easy online tools let you choose the diamond shape, size, and clarity as well as setting.
And Blue Nile's bench jewels will then help you handcraft her perfect one-of-a-kind engagement ring.
Nile's bench jewels will then help you handcraft her perfect one-of-a-kind engagement ring.
Looking for a piece of fine jewelry to commemorate a special milestone but still having trouble?
Blue Nile has jewelry experts on hand 24-7, available via phone or chat to help you find a memorable gift at every budget. Shop stress-free with Blue Nile's 100 satisfaction guarantee,
and all Blue Nile orders are insured and shipped for free in discreet packaging.
They also offer overnight shipping if you're in a rush.
Guys, gals, I've raved about my orders plenty of times.
My wife's diamond bracelet, diamond earrings.
She's got the tennis bracelet.
Gorgeous stuff.
I came.
I had no problems.
The service was unreal.
It'll be unreal for you as well.
So make your moment sparkle with Blue Nile.
Go to Blue Nile.
Go to bluenile.com and use the code CHICKLETS to save 50 on your purchase of 500 or more.
That's B-L-U-E-N-I-L-E.com, code CHICKLETS to save 50 on your purchase of 500 or more.
bluenile.com, code CHICKLETS.
Man, huge thanks once again to Marian Hossa. Again,
an honor to interview a guy like that, so hopefully
everybody enjoyed it, but back to
the show here. We got the Boston Bruins.
Biz, we got to talk about them again. They are
on fire. They remain
red hot. Marshawn
come back, picked up where he left off. They're
8-1, leads the NHL.
Marshawn's first game back, two goals and an assist for us.
Detroit, the game I went to.
How about pasta?
Seven goals, 10 assists, good for second in scoring behind Connor McDavid.
He's got goals from 12 forwards.
Everyone's contributing.
Linus Almark, 6-0, a 1-7-0 goals against 9-4-5 save percentage of shutout.
And they still don't even have Charlie McEvoy in the lineup.
So how team is this going to be when they do get him back in the line hey but before you dive
into the Bruin did you see the tweet that the New Jersey Devils account sent I just saw it that's so
pathetic I thought I hated the Devils before the fact that they would send out that tweet to the
Cubs champs after a random regular season October win shows why they're the devils and why they've done
absolutely nothing since 2003 yes but brat is that is that the last cup they won RA oh three
oh three yeah yeah yeah okay you're sending L's to the cup champs because you won a regular season
game tough look but it got us talking about him, so maybe it wasn't.
Back to the Bs.
Wow.
What a... Sometimes I got to eat my hat.
Is that the saying?
I thought it would be a struggle
earlier in the year.
I really did.
I didn't think Krejci would come back
this good and this smooth,
although he is out right now.
I think he's going on the road trip
they're leaving for,
but he took a high stick against Detroit and he's out,
but he looked great prior to getting injured.
Pasternak's on another level.
I mentioned that last week or two weeks ago whenever we recorded.
And Brad Marchant to return the way he did.
I mean, this guy, and I've said it before,
I got the chance to skate with him in the lockout,
the half-shortened season.
That was when I first saw how much of a game breaker and how much of a little oily, weasely skilled character
this guy is. If he goes in the corner with three opponents somehow, every time he leaves the corner
with the puck and the three opponents standing on the glass and we talked a long time
about missing him and missing McAvoy and they were able to really hold down the fort till
Marshawn came back which by the way is a month early now mentioned I think they they they meant
they said uh Thanksgiving you're gonna probably overstate that you're you're probably always
gonna give it a little longer than usual when it comes to
telling the fans, because then if he comes back earlier, it's a good look for him. It's a good
look for the training staff. It's just kind of what they do. He came back. I thought there might
be a little rust. He could have had seven points. I watched the whole game. R.A. was at the game
seeing Newsy Lalonde. R.A., he was all over the ice doing the same Brad Marchant shit that we've seen for such a long time.
So to have him back and I couldn't believe he mentioned he's been in pain six years and you get double hip surgery, dude.
And now you're fully healthy for the first time in a long time in which those painful years, you've still lit this league up.
So who knows what kind of Marchant we're going to get now. Bergeron doesn't age. He's the fountain of youth.
What's that area where you can never age
already? It's in like a movie. Sedona?
No. Well, fountain of youth
is like you think in Florida.
Okay, yeah, that's heaven's on deck.
Sedona's got the vortex.
Marshawn, this team,
and the fact that McAvoy's not
even back yet, they are cup contenders.
They're cup contenders.
And when you look at what Krejci does, it just look beneath him,
look beneath him in the lineup and look what guys are able to do
playing the third line instead of maybe the second line.
And they have depth and they have roles for each guy that are very specific.
You know what your role is on that team.
And that's what makes him so good.
So Merle's showed makes him so good. So, Merle
showed out him, talking about Montgomery,
and let's not forget, when Montgomery got
fired for the issues he had,
he was doing a
hell of a job in Dallas, boys.
Right? That team
looked good. This is an elite coach
who the Bruins were lucky enough to get
and had been long enough since his firing
and since his issues were made public for him to be brought and given
his second chance.
And I think they're very lucky now to have a new voice in that room because
this team isn't going anywhere.
They're going to win that division.
That was a hell of a breakdown.
And I got to eat my hat too,
Whit.
I was,
I was,
I,
I was,
it was a coin flip between,
I knew Pittsburgh was going to make playoffs,
although we got to,
I don't know if we're going to dive into them.
They've been struggling. They need, they need us back and I guess Mike
Sullivan snapped in practice did he yeah it was between Washington and Boston for me and I thought
Boston I didn't know if it was going to happen because of all these injuries and all of a sudden
these guys must be on the juice every single one of them back early he's got uh marchand with the bionic hips but holy fuck every every all systems
go man so i owe the whole fan base an apology and they've been so kind to me every time i go to
boston so they are set to make playoffs and this uh this whole last dance theatrics to kick off the
the the you know bringing back of krejci and berger. It's looking good. McAvoy has been cleared for practice too.
So you're likely going to see him in games this week.
I don't know though.
He's on the road trip,
but it says he will not play on the road trip,
but who knows?
Cause Marshawn came back the night after they said he still wasn't back
yet.
So you're right.
Maybe he is back this trip,
but it's a,
it's a hell of a team that's deep and,
and the goaltending right now,
I think all Mark's been better.
And I think the buzz around the team, guys feel maybe a little bit looser
and able to be a little bit more creative offensively.
100.
And it just opened up.
And with this, this show's been long-winded.
And we apologize for that, even though I know all you guys listening
and having fun right now.
We got to, at the same time, shout out Cassidy
because Vegas is 8-2.
They look great.
He's changed them defensively, which is what he does.
So you don't want to completely dog the ex-coach
in looking that he's at a new team and they're lighting it up.
Absolutely, man.
That's right.
I thought we were going to, what's this, Vancouver after that?
Yeah, Vegas.
Where are they?
Right here.
We don't need to go to Vegas.
I just want to throw them out there.
They're a hell of a team right now.
The only thing we need to do to talk about Vegas is I think they're off to their second best start in franchise history.
And all the Eichel haters look like fucking morons.
Did you see that?
That goal in overtime.
Oh, man.
Put the team on his back.
I'm worried about his back now.
He fucked up his neck.
He fucked up the team on his back now.
Tim and Stone with one and one Sunday and that connection and that team,
Cassidy has figured out a way to get the team to play better defensively.
Yeah.
That's what he does.
All those people sending me those Eichel pocket pussy,
me drinking his cum memes.
Fuck you.
This is my,
today's my day to rub it in your face.
Fuckers.
No,
I was going to mention the trade,
the Bruins traded at 2017 secondround pick, Chad Stoudnick.
A lot of people are sort of waiting for him to make the club
the last few years.
Well, they sent them to Vancouver for Michael DiPietro
and Jonathan Marenberg for an organizational depth trade.
We talked about the NHL possibly going to Australia at some point
and Bruins possibly being involved.
The city they're going to be in is Melbourne. Is that where you stayed?
I was in Melbourne.
Yeah. All I
do is rave about the coffee they got over
there. Well, that's where they'll go if they
go. But I mentioned Vancouver and they finally
won. They finally got the win calm. They beat their
new rival Seattle 5-4.
Then they made it two in a row with the 5-1 win
over a Penguins team that's lost four in a row.
Congrats to Bruce Boudreaux on his 600th win.
He's the 22nd coach to hit that number and the second fastest to do it.
Stoudniko wasn't in the lineup versus the Penguins,
and they sign up the strip joint, the Penthouse in Vancouver.
Canucks get to drink for free if they win.
Now, what kind of strip joint is that?
Is that a Chapri type or a Cleopatra's type?
I've never even heard of it.
I've never been
there to to watch the dancers i was always uh no no song no song i was a number number five orange
guy which is you know they got the shower on the stage depending on what time of day you're there
i like the number five orange it's a little grittier type of place where there's like dollar
bills stapled to the wall although not crazy about
their cover charge and then there's a place called brandy's i want to say that's that's that's the
place where um ben affleck got busted the first time when he was with j-lo oh really hey my
director alone what's that leave my director out of this so that place was more like holy
fuck by the third song they finally had their panties off, maybe.
And they were doing all these Cirque du Soleil theatrics with the ropes and stuff.
You didn't want to be paying your premium for all that.
No, I wanted a girl flicking ping pongs out of her pussy.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
But as far as this place, I have been there one time, but it was to film the Pink Whitney collab with Watson Gloves.
We did the commercial.
So it was one of the scenes.
They let us use the venue.
So the guys who are there are big hockey fans and Chicklets fans.
So maybe if we ever end up in Vancouver, maybe we'll throw an event there.
Maybe a little big deal brewing ping pong contest or some shit.
Speaking of Watson Gloves, the Watson Gloves Watson gloves and spit and chicklets collaboration is back.
That's right.
CEO biz is crazier than ever,
but no,
there will not be a commercial this year.
Instead,
Watson gloves is using that money to give back to the hardest working
trades person around the holidays.
That's right.
One lucky winner will win a trip for two to Boston to watch the outdoor
game at Fenway park and meet the entire Chicklets crew.
Visit watsongloves.com and upload a short video describing why you,
the most deserving tradesperson, deserves a chance to win the two tickets to Boston.
Terms and conditions apply.
Entries only from U.S. and Canada, excluding Quebec,
and you must be the age of 21 plus the
spit and chiclets watson glove collaboration is also now available for sale on barstool sports
stores with the addition of the new pink whitney winter glove that's right watson gloves wants to
treat all you trades people so let's get rocking but uh going back to the Canucks, they got a, I felt that,
that the after hours with Rutherford was a big organizational peepee whack. And it seems like
things have turned around. If they end up making playoffs, I'm always going to go back to that
five, one win that they had over the Pittsburgh Penguins. When all of Oliver Ekman Larson did the fake punch. Who flinched?
It's probably one of the worst flinches
in the history.
He flinched the way that
Kobe Bryant sort of flinched when
Barnes faked him with the
ball in the face. With the inbound?
Yeah, with the inbound.
And who flinched?
Was it Zucker? I think he should be
out of the lineup. Trying to find it now.
Yeah, yeah.
Dig that up.
But do you know the Canucks fans, Biz?
Do you know after throwing all the jerseys on the ice
and all the noise we talked about in the start,
do you know they were chanting Bruce?
There it is the other night.
They were fucking chanting it.
Yeah, it was Rust, like I said.
It was Rust.
Oh, you did have it, R.A.
My apologies, buddy.
Look at you, buddy.
You're on the online stuff today.
So Russ gets a one-game scratch for the flinch?
I mean, check the tapes.
You tell me.
I like flinch in my own house from the dog,
so I can't be chirping people who flinch.
I'm a flincher.
I was born a flincher.
I was raised a flincher.
And when I die, I'll be a flincher.
Not something I'm proud of.
The Canucks are getting
Quinn Hughes back this week. That should
help. They're 2-5-2. Still plenty of time to get in it.
They also made another trade with the Canes
with defenseman Ethan Baer in forward
Lane Peterson in exchange for a fifth rounder
in 23. Baer's got
47 points in 190 games, but
he didn't play for the Canes this season.
Didn't play in the playoffs. It was kind of weird. They made
a deal for him last year, the Canes. They brought in Bear
from Edmonton for Warren Fogle.
Gave him a one-year 2.2 million deal. He started
on the top here with Slavin. Got COVID.
Came back on the third pass. Played
some special teams. Scratched the playoffs. Wasn't
playing this year. Now they trade him to
Vancouver. Just sort of an odd series of events, right?
It's not typical. You know what might have turned things around was the visit from the fan
at the pumpkin patch.
Maybe the power play pointers that he gave JT Miller worked.
Grinnelli, can you check Cameo to see if Bruce has reactivated his account
after the chance the other night?
If he has, he might be the most money hungry coach in the NHL
because the fact that was shut.
Tell me it's on again.
It is still temporarily unavailable, but it does say temporarily.
It does say temporarily.
Wait, was it different before?
No, before it was just temp.
It has been temporary disabled, but that I canceled my account.
I felt like it went from disabled to just temporarily.
Now it's like the next move is like two more wins.
Even if they get like three of the next four points,
I think it's going to be reactivated.
So we're hoping because I'd love one to,
and then maybe we can get them on the pod.
So I would still say at this point right now,
the hot seat is not as hot,
but it's still very,
very much at a boiling temperature.
Can you believe John Tortorella had something to say about analytics biz?
He said, quote, I think most analytics are trash.
I believe in the eye test and the stomach. That could be spitting chicklets, his own logo.
I guess good news for me is the New Jersey Devils fans will be attacking him online
for the next couple of days, sending him all these charts and things.
So I would say
that I respect John Tutterello's opinion
on hockey, and I would have to agree
and lean heavily towards in his favor. Now,
do they have their purpose? Sure.
It's so New Jersey
Devils fans can stay occupied during the season
and calculate what's
going on when they don't make playoffs.
Well, either way, Flyers are tied
for first in the Metro,
5-2-1 record, 11 points, even if analytics say it's not sustainable.
And they're doing it with no Couturier, Ellis, or Atkinson,
and Coutts is going to be out three to four months with back surgery.
So will they regress to the mean, or will Cotterhart keep them afloat?
We'll see what happens there.
Well, what happened with Hazy?
He had to take a seat on Millionaire's Row.
I don't even think he knows, but Hazy's had a fantastic start to the season.
Torts send messages when he feels like they need to be sent.
I think sometimes there may not be rhyme or reason to what he decides to do.
There may be times he gives you an in-depth look into his brain, into why he made said decision.
And there may be times you never hear from him again.
And the next game you play 23 minutes. So Tts is torts. He's a madman. He's a lunatic.
And sometimes, sometimes you're given a look into how it all works. But most of the time,
you're left guessing the same as us reporters are. Yes, I just called us reporters because
we're reporting on the Flyers and their shocking start. And I still have no clue why.
I think at the time, the leader in assist at the NHL, Kevin Hayes, was scratched for the rest of the game after playing like six minutes.
That was when he got sat in the third period.
And was it only the third?
I thought it was even before the third.
OK, so maybe it was.
I'm wrong, though.
Maybe I'm wrong.
So you're saying inside information is that he has still not caught word
as to why he was on Millionaire's World?
Yeah, Hazy won't answer me,
but I've talked to other people within that organization.
They mentioned people don't know why they've been benched.
People don't know.
Usually when Torts is throwing mine torpedoes this early,
they're up to something, and it's a good thing.
I think that one.
They breed under chaos.
No, Philly.
Wednesday night, Philly in Toronto for me is the most such a
must watch I cannot wait
yeah biz I think the
third period seat of those two is more like
to show the other guys it wasn't that they were playing that
bad it was just more like alright these guys are the
big dogs whatever they're making the dough
well they're gonna sit too so other guys like oh shit if they're
getting sat then we'll get sat I think that
was that type of get to the
head of the snake?
Yeah, a little bit.
It's probably hazy getting lazy on a back check.
Yeah, that's true.
We had our second battle of Alberta in two weeks,
and the Oilers evened up the series with a 3-2-1.
3-2 win, I'm sorry.
McDavid had a goal and two assists for three points to take over the lead in the whole league.
Nine goals, nine assists, 18 points.
But how about Stuart Skinner coming out of nowhere two
two i'm sorry two wins just one loss 1.59 goals against a 9.55 save percentage doing a little
better than soupy there but i think daryl sutter should stole the show if there's the answer in the
press conference gee why don't we roll that uberdell left the bench for a little bit in the
first period are you able to say what it was i think you'd go take a shit i mean i've never heard that
before have you guys from him or anyone no i thought whit was going to talk about his oilers
there and and uh inflate their numbers and just give them the double barrel put the mascara on
and the oilers are sick town and what's amazing about the oilers we got hometown hero stewart
skinner stealing the job from Jack Campbell.
And you know what's great about a person like Jack Campbell?
Like when I think of him, I think of a cat owner.
I think of a guy who's just, he's out for the team.
He's out for what's best.
And he knows he's the big signing.
He's the big free agent.
But right now, Stuart Skinner and his numbers
are leading the Oilers to just crushing teams.
The Oilers, McDavid has, I think, nine goals or eight goals in nine games.
He's got 18 points.
He's got 999.
They are exactly where I need them to be.
They are the most guaranteed in the playoffs, probably win their division,
if not finish second.
Enormous win on the road.
Enormous win against calgary and the
scumbags and and calgary outplayed them they outshot them but what happened who did i mention
that the leafs miss hyman hyman is such a big part of the oilers because he does the dirty work he
does the grunt work he does the stuff that not many people want to do and he's got two of the
most talented players yeah like go to the top of
the crease and just get backdoor tappings from mcdavid i got mcdavid scoring hat tricks in
chicago making people look foolish i tweeted out what's the chicago defense been doing on the third
goal going out i think it was jake mccabe i guess what are you supposed to do you're gonna sit back
and let him rip it he's embarrassing people constantly but the fact that stewart skinner
is the guy right now that only makes me more confident in this team.
Because if it turns out to be Jack Campbell is the starter, is the guy,
well, look who we have as the backup.
It's not even a backup anymore.
It's a 1A and a 1AA or a 1B.
I don't know how you'd use that term.
The team's sick.
And Calgary's good too.
I can't admit it.
They're going to meet again in the second round.
It's going to happen.
But I love my Oilers.
I love where this is looking.
And I think we're looking at a McDavid 60-60 goal season.
I think that Dre Seil's on to something.
And I think this could be the 150-point season I talked about, too.
I said it last year.
I'll say it every year until he does it.
I love the Oilers.
So, R.A., what do you got, buddy?
I think that's it, unless you want to talk Calgary Flames.
Maybe Huberto is using Campbell's Kitty's
Little Box, and he had to take
the shit. I just
don't even know what.
I only thought of that when we're done.
Nice show, boys. See you guys later. Happy Halloween.
I love it.
There's going to be some
sick fucks out there who love that one, the ones
who are ripping the bong all podcast.
Uh,
my gears are grinded boys.
Shocker.
Oh boy.
Here we go.
Once a year.
Let me sit back.
Is it life related?
Is it,
what is it?
Hockey TV related.
Okay.
Monday night,
Pittsburgh penguins visit Edmonton.
That's Crosby versus McDavid.
The best player of the last 10 years versus the best player of the last 20 years.
The only place you can get it in the States was NHL Network,
which not everybody has.
This is after they made everybody sign up for Hulu and ESPN
and all the games will stream and blah, blah, blah.
I even have a cable login from older relatives, boomers,
where I could watch other channels.
But there's not even an NHL Network app where I could have went.
The only place to watch it, if you didn't have it,
was go to illegal sites that night.
I don't understand why you would schedule this game,
two huge names on a Monday night, opposite Monday night football to boot,
then put it on the NHL Network.
Everybody in Canada had it.
I get that.
By the way, Canada, I'm in America, so when I tweet TV shit,
you don't have to tell me you got it on Sportsnet.
I'm fully aware of that.
Down here, we had very limited options to watch it.
Two huge stars.
This should have been a Wednesday night game with Biz
or a Saturday night hockey night in Canada game.
Anything but what they did.
Just an absolute smush motion putting this game on,
when and how they did.
Embarrassing and a missed opportunity.
A very valid grind, Mike.
Maybe R.A. should do the NHL scheduling.
Imagine, imagine. maybe ra should do the nhl scheduling yeah imagine imagine it it's like
the games start tomorrow night ra's like oh i'll be on that one soon you know i'm almost all the
arenas no promotion opposite i mean the number one rated sports show for the last fucking 50
years monday night football going against that and you know it just brain dead i don't know what
the fuck okay so so the it's just
hard because it's obviously the viewership in the pittsburgh area gets the game because of the local
networks right everybody in canada gets to watch it i'm just curious if they crunch the numbers
and they're like based on the amount of people that would watch it outside of that it's like uh
pay for nhl network like they they want more people to have to pay for their programming.
How much is NHL?
But that's the thing.
It's crazy numbers.
You either have to sign up for like one of the other non-cable,
non-satellite providers, which is another fee,
or you can get it by itself.
But it's like two or three games you might even need it for.
It was just poor planning.
And look, I know the schedule matrix.
You have to satisfy everybody.
And it's very tough to do.
But to have fucking Crosby versus McDavid on a Monday night,
opposite Monday night football,
and have it barely available in the States was a huge error.
NHL, we love you guys.
Help me help you fix it.
So this shit doesn't happen.
Right.
Sorry.
I love the passion.
Yeah.
Let's get fucking Gary on.
Let's go.
Hey, torts goes to the head of the snake.
We should go to the head of the snake.
Gary, we want answers answers so that's that gears are grinded but something fun to talk about
phil the throw kessel playing in his record break a 990th straight game going back to i think
november of 2009 scores his 400th goal in that game unbelievable accomplishment the 13th american
to do it what do you think someone passes his 990 or whatever he ends up with when he's done?
I don't know who's closest.
I would say no chance.
I just I think the way the game is now, how quick guys are in and out of the league.
And I understand somebody that's going to break this type of record is not going to
be a player who's called up and out of the league pretty quick but just the the luck it takes the luck that it took for yandle to break it and then
kessel to then break it not and i'm telling you even if you're not considered a physical player
which both of those guys aren't right it's just the thought of not catching a straight puck in
the ankle and breaking a bone in your foot or breaking a finger on a block shot by accident.
It's so many different factors away from the way you play the game that lead
into being able to not only play this many games in a row,
but play it at a high level because to be in the lineup,
that many straight game shows you're doing your job.
You're a consistent player night in and night out.
The coach knows what he's getting.
And then you beat the injury factor and then you beat the factor of getting sick.
And then you  it's just  there's all these different aspects that go into it.
And it's so ironic.
And, I mean, I love Keith, and who am I to say anything?
Keith doesn't exactly have a millionaire body, right?
I mean, he's not exactly Mr. Olympia.
And can we say Phil?
His body is getting donated. Kessel science.
Phil Kessel.
You look at the roughest, the most athletic, the most violent sport.
When you combine everything together, the game, the new energy drink of the NHL, the game of ice hockey.
And then you you stick Phil Kessel and you show somebody a picture of him.
You say that's the guy who's played the most consecutive games. It's like the word irony. Just it's ironic. It's like it's like
McDonald's used to have in their McDonald's health guide. Don't eat McDonald's to the
employees. It's like the woman who invented whiteout. She ended up being fired for not
whiting out something and putting something in a report that shouldn't have been there it's ironic that phil kessel the guy that looks like that not only is as fast as he is
but has never ever missed a game in what is it 13 years yeah what the fuck wait i got a question
what happened with the whiteout lady the woman who invented whiteout i have read something one
day that she ended up being fired
from a job for like
having something in her report.
How the fuck did she have a job
if she invented whiteout?
Who knows, dude?
She might have been doing it
on the side.
I'm not a whiteout expert.
I just read a story
one time online.
I would like to get
clarification on this story.
Somebody find out
about the whiteout lady.
She has something for us.
I was just going to say
the next closest person
among active players
to Phil Kessel is Brent Burns with 687 consecutive games.
He's over 300 games away.
Yeah, his streak started in 2013 as well.
So I don't know if anyone's touching Kessel.
I don't think so.
I do not think so.
And to get the 400th on the record breaking, that is is so... Some people were touched by God when they were born
and meant to do a certain thing in this world.
And Phil Kessel was meant to make teammates laugh,
play every game, and score goals.
And it was a beauty of a goal, too.
And he's having an effect.
Vegas, they beat Toronto last week 3-1.
Beat up Winnipeg as well.
They're 8-2. They lead the West right now.
We mentioned Eichel's unreal goal earlier. We saw
Thompson, the goalie, deck Vetrano
the other night. Biz, looks like Vegas has its
swagger back, eh? Buddy,
I love it because everybody's so
angry about it. They're the bad boys of the
NHL. They don't have any friends and they
don't give a fuck.
It was going to go one or two ways. It was going to be
a car crash or it was going to be them
rising from the ashes after no playoffs last year.
They're fucking rolling, baby.
And Eichel is the difference right now.
Put him on the back.
Sticking out west.
The Seattle Kraken been hanging tough a little bit.
Biz 442 in the Pacific has them fourth in the Pacific.
Martin Jones, man in the net lately doing pretty well.
But the big news there, Shane Wright,
Jeff Merrick was talking about him this weekend,
says Ron Francis wants to keep him up with the team.
Obviously, they got to send them back down to juniors before nine games,
but is that going to help his development?
What's your take on this?
What should they do?
And how does a guy benefit stay with the big club?
Sorry, I didn't mean to cut you there.
No, no, nobody.
So there's been a few of these now.
We talked about the comments made by Rutherford to Bruce Boudreaux.
Ron Francis has said a few things publicly that indicate, like,
he wants Shane Wright to stay there the whole year.
And he said it's not acceptable that he's only playing six,
seven minutes when he is, in fact, in the lineup.
He's been health bombed the last three games.
So let's talk about this
coach gm dynamic like i don't know how many more years haxtall has left on his deal and as a head
coach if you're saying well if we're gonna have to go through all these learning experiences and
losing games like am i gonna be getting a contract extension like my job's to win games and the way
i look at it like if they're not and they have a repeat of last season,
how much longer is he going to be the head coach?
So I feel that, you know, I was chirping them.
I didn't really think that they had much of an identity when we watched them for the first time on TNT.
I've been paying more attention.
They've been playing hard and they got some decent players in that lineup.
So if the coach doesn't feel that Shane Wright is developed or good enough to take over certain guys in their positions,
and that head coach has a respect for those guys where it's not just going to be handed over, it has to be earned.
Well, all of a sudden you have a little bit of an issue.
Because why would you burn a year off this Shane Wright kid's contract for him to stay up the whole year and play six, seven minutes?
It's going to beat up his confidence.
He's going to learn how to become a bottom six guy.
And you're going to completely strip of his confidence and development as a
player. Like,
but this is where, when I step in and say,
I think it's so fucking stupid when a guy has junior dominated the junior
level,
why are you going to send him back there, in some cases, to develop poor habits because the game becomes too easy?
This is where there should be, in my opinion, a first-round exemption,
just like there is in junior hockey when you're a two-round draft pick
or the first two picks of the team.
You get to play as an underager.
Why wouldn't the first- round pick of an nhl team
if he's too good and dominating junior get to go play in the american hockey league the american
hockey league has already basically forced it to be a younger league when i played in the american
hockey league you had a five veteran rule now that's dropped to three and most guys playing
in the american hockey league are younger guys and they also did
that to keep the salaries down because these young guys don't make the 350 400 that the guys who have
played a handful of nhl games who are over 300 pro games who are considered a veteran they've
basically alienated to become a young development me well then fucking put it to work and then the other side is
people would say berkey actually texted me when i said that on tnt he goes it would destroy junior
hockey because they wouldn't give you getting these star players back where i'm like uh is it
it's the nhl reigns it's more about the players development than the than junior hockey sustaining
its relevance and i guess
like selling more tickets because you have a star player shane wright should be in the american
hockey league developing he's not yet ready for the nhl and that's clear with with what we've seen
so far let him go develop in the ahl with and as far as the dynamic between coach and gm you can
dive into that if you want because it seems like it's a little hostile I wanted to dive in it is a tough argument because of how important junior hockey
is all across Canada with all these different small towns and cities that have teams and
the thing that kind of grabs me most is that if you're European you're lucky enough where you can
play in the NHL and it's almost unfair to a player a little bit that, well,
I'm kind of too good for junior.
I'm using quotations and maybe I'm not ready for the NHL,
but I don't want to go back to junior.
Like I'd rather be practicing here.
I don't necessarily think that's great for a player.
My,
my argument towards all the people online who went ballistic and maybe that's
an over-exaggeration where people I saw so upset that Shane Wright's grandparents
were in town for a three-game homestand,
and he got scratched.
Three straight games, they didn't get to see him play.
No, no, no.
Sorry, Granny.
This is the National Hockey League.
I love you, Nana.
I can't get behind people like,
he at Haxtell has to play in one game.
Poppy was in town.
Fucking Poppy can go watch Judge Judy and wait out his grandson's turn to be in the NHL because the coach of his team doesn't think he can help him win.
Does it suck?
Does it does it?
Is it something that I'm sure Nani and Poppy were upset about?
Yes, but you cannot be mad at a coach who, like this said, is like, I have to win games or I'm going Nani and Poppy were upset about? Yes, but you cannot be mad at a coach
who, like Biz said, is like,
I have to win games or I'm going to be fired.
And basically, I would look at it like,
Haxel is probably hired as a sacrificial lamb.
It's like, all right, we're going to suck for a few years.
You're going to teach these guys how to be professionals.
But in the end, when it's time for us to compete,
you're probably not going to be the coach.
Well, he's looking at it like, I want to be here as long as i can this kid may be a fourth
overall pick whatever he was he doesn't help our team right now i'm not gonna i'm not gonna play
him because you know his grandfather has a cane and he's at the game i got a cane or or or if you're
the coach say fuck i'll play him 18. I'll let him run the power play.
Sign me to a fucking contract extension.
Yeah, but it is odd to see a coach, a GM kind of going back and forth
at each other without actually doing it in that Francis has been open
and saying, like, he can't be playing six minutes a game.
Like, that's just not that's not going to do it.
Hey, guys, if there's one guy on this pod playing five six minutes a game you know i'd i'd forget what the puck felt like every time i touch
it out there and if i made a mistake next thing you know you're sitting the rest of the game and
you can't if if you're if you're drafting a player to be this offensive threat and all of a sudden
you want to teach him these habits where it's like,
Hey man,
you get over the red,
make sure you put it in that corner and,
you know,
don't do anything creatively off offensively,
or you're going to be sitting your ass on the bench.
Uh,
not the way it should be going,
but you know where he could go at a professional level to play against
guys who are a little bit heavier and there is a little bit more
structure.
The always hungry league,
the always hungry league,
uh,
shout out for Seattle fans. The team is more fun to watch. Um, but they've had more structure. The always hungry league. The always hungry league. Shout out for Seattle fans.
The team is more fun to watch,
but they've had more success and you have a gem on your hands with
Matthew Bunears.
Oh yeah.
This guy,
the pace he plays at the quickness he's new age NHL.
He's going to be around for a long time.
He's going to be a star in this league.
He's got eight points in the 10 games this season.
That is a huge bright spot for knowing already we hit a home run on that draft pick.
Hey, and speaking of new age NHL,
we glanced over it with the loss on the road for the Leafs,
but dude, dude.
The dude had two sick ones in that game.
The OT winner off the post and the celly.
By the way, Anaheim in their last 23 power plays.
Did you hear this?
Did you watch the game?
I watched the game last night, Sunday night.
They haven't scored, and they've given up two shorties. So they're minus two in their last 23 power plays.
That's just amazing that you're actually being outscored two to nothing on the last 23 power plays. That's just, that's amazing that you're actually being outscored
two to nothing on the last 23 power plays.
So the dude maybe has to get it going five on four,
but five on five, there's no issues.
Both goals were sick.
Backhand, shelf, and then the OT winner of a rip off the crossbar.
Biz, back to the Shane Wright stuff for a minute.
That had me thinking about Joe Thornton's rookie year
where Pat Burns really held the leash on him.
He only played 55 games. He had seven total points. And there are a lot of games Thornton's rookie year where Pat Burns really held the leash on him. He only played 55 games.
He had seven total points.
And there are a lot of games Thornton only played five minutes,
six minutes, eight minutes a game during the course of that year.
So I wonder if they're sort of kind of following that,
maybe keeping a little bit of a leash on him
where they don't have another option,
or the Bruins didn't want to send Joe back down
because there was nothing more for him to accomplish than juniors.
I think that this says more about what Ron Francis thinks that this can do for
the development of Shane, right? That him staying there and maybe,
maybe even at least remaining on that type of schedule you're talking about
where he plays half the games and only plays six minutes,
but he's practicing with these NHLers every day.
He's in the weight room with these NHLers and even practicing at that pace
will do more for him than going back to the OHLl that tells me they need to change up the fucking rule okay
well i can learn to be a pro but i but i agreed on what you're saying ra you saw it firsthand right
and yeah fucking joe thornton turned out to have a decent yeah and then they traded him five years
later but we'll forget about that part uh congrats to josh bailey played in his 1000th nhl game in
scored the game winner for the
Islas at the same time. Big props
to him. And Devin Dubnik, officially
retired. The 36-year-old is getting into
the broadcasting game on the NHL Network.
He had 12 seasons with Edmonton, Minnesota,
Arizona, Colorado, and San
Jose. Was a Vezina finalist
and a Masterson winner. You guys played with or against
both of these guys, right? Probably the quietest
1,000 games ever played.
Crazy. Remember when I thought he had 200 games played and he was at like 830?
I mean, an Islander fan will tell you they've loved watching this guy since the minute he came on the team.
Dealt with being a healthy scratch this year, which pushed his thousandth game back.
So the Islanders, I'll ask you guys a question, and I might be giving it away.
Do you know who leads the league in five-on-five goals scored right now?
The New York Islanders.
Yeah.
Do you guys know who's last place in five-on-five goals scored
in the NHL right now?
Yeah, I'd probably be able to figure that out.
I don't think you will.
The Leafs.
No.
The Colorado Avalanche.
So a little shocking.
And the fact that those guys played,
it has something to do with Bailey's 1,000th game
because the Colorado Avalanche were beating the Islanders 3-0
the other night.
And the Isles came storming back and got the win.
And I think Josh Bailey playing that well had a big part to do with that.
Congrats on an amazing run.
I mean, this guy's been solid.
He's been the definition of like a pro's pro.
Like anyone who's coached the Islanders throughout his run
as a member of the team knows you know what you're getting
night in and night out from him.
So this team was a goal away from winning the Stanley Cup two years ago.
This guy's been a hell of a player.
And the Isles are turning a corner this season.
Yeah, well, what they did after that 3-0 Rangers win on TNT.
Where Sorokin just embarrassed Shisterkin.
Or no, was he going against their backup that night?
I don't remember.
I'm not sure, but...
Oh, God, you lost my train of thought there.
Oh, Zach Parise.
Goals per 60 minutes right now leading the league there's
an advanced analytic for you so they're getting production from everyone right now and they are
starting to roll is that's the stat that you led the league in correct yeah that's why i brought it
up okay good just make sure the only analytic that i follow that's the one that that's your
analytic that's the one that mark Guy sent to Brad Tree Living,
in which he said, what is this?
And he said, that's analytics.
And he said, we're offering them the same fucking number.
I know you want fighting back in the NCAA business.
If we keep seeing these guys showing other teams up after goals,
we might get some of it this weekend.
Luke Hughes gets a game winner for Michigan
and just bows before the other team.
Big crowd joins around him.
These guys are getting pretty creative with it
because I think there's no repercussions, man.
They know they're not going to get their head kicked in the next game.
I actually love that.
By the way, devil's draft pick, Luke Hughes.
So what was it?
It was 5-5.
Who was the team they were playing?
Western Michigan.
Apparently Western Michigan was taunting him last time they played.
So he scores the OT winner, and he just bows to the crowd.
And the whole team went basically the full length of the ice along the glass.
Just fuck you and them.
What were they throwing at the players?
Looked like towels they might have given away or something.
That's what it looked like.
They were throwing everything it looked like at that point.
These college barns are bananas.
We gotta get out to a game.
The Coyotes happen
to play in one.
Alright, boys. Festive show. Had a lot
of fun. A couple last
bulletins here. Fall merch is dropping.
Check it out in the Barstool Sports Store up
in Canada and in the States.
Chicklets, etc. is dropping Thursday night.
Merle's an onbox for a show.
Do not miss it.
Any final notes from you three?
Pack of heads or what?
Yeah, here's one for you.
Mike Keenan coaching Team Italy now.
Is he really?
Could you imagine Mike Keenan talking to these fucking guys?
They take two-hour lunches he's gonna fuck in
italy fishing his locker he's gonna torture some poor italian you want chicken parm you don't
fucking deserve actually i don't even think they have that in italy i actually have mike keenan's
phone number fun fact he actually sent me a text message one time and like asked me for like yeah
he actually sent me a text asked asking for podcasting advice. He said he was starting
a podcast, unless it was someone fucking
with me, which definitely could have been now as I
think about it. But I'll shoot him
a text after this, see if he wants to come on.
Alright, well, great catching up
with you guys. For anyone that's
Barstool Sports fans,
not just the Chicklets fans,
I'm heading to New York tomorrow
and I will be... Actually, maybe they don't even want me saying this. We can figure it out. I'm heading to New York tomorrow, and I will be
actually, maybe they don't even want me saying this.
We can figure it out.
I will be on this weekend's Barstool Sports Advisors
with Stu Feiner and Big Cat,
and I'll be on the Barstool Pick'em Podcast
with Portnoy, Big Cat, and Rico Bosco.
So I'm going to New York.
I'm going to hang out with G.
We're going to watch Bruins Penguins Tuesday night.
We're going to have a time, have a nice dinner,
and I'm going to make some content away
from Chickalos. So tune into that, and I
appreciate you all. I love you all,
and happy Halloween. Peace.
As always, we like to
thank our terrific sponsors here on Spit and Chicka.
So a huge thank you to our longtime friends at Pink Whitney and New Amsterdam Vodka.
Big thanks to our friends over at Game Time.
A hearty thank you to our friends over at Shopify.
A longtime big thank you to our friends at Ridge Wallet.
Huge thanks to our friends over at Blue Nile.
Big thank you to our friends at Watson Gloves. And a hearty thank you to our friends over at Blue Nile. Big thank you to our friends at Watson Gloves.
And a hearty thank you to our friends at Chevy.
Have a fantastic week, everybody.
