Hey, Spittin' Chicklets listeners, you can find every episode on Apple Podcasts,
Spotify, or YouTube. Prime members can listen ad-free on Amazon Music.
The Spittin' Chicklets what we expected them to be. The suspensions are starting to roll in. All of you getting close to the 800, but let's say hi to the boys first, like we always do.
Producer Mikey Grayley, what's new at you, my guy?
What's up, boys?
As you can see behind me, my art finally came in.
Also currently wearing one of our Pink Whitney ugly sweaters because these go on sale on Tuesday this week as well.
But other than me falling asleep
while I was baking some cookies this week and actually almost lit my whole apartment on fire, I'm doing wonderful.
What kind of cookies were you to fall asleep baking cookies? How high were you?
Pretty high. But it is embarrassing because the cookies take seven to 10 minutes to cook.
So in that seven minutes, I fell asleep, woke up, my dog's freaking out, barking, my girlfriend's
banging on the door because she's locked out.
There's smoke everywhere. Very embarrassing
20, 25 minutes for me.
What kind of cookies is
that? I interrupted him.
Big chocolate chip guy.
Love chocolate chip cookies, especially after
9 p.m. A nice warm chocolate chip
cookie with a glass of milk.
Does me dirty. Why don't you lead us in prayer and thank the Lord and Savior for keeping Grinnelli with us after falling p.m. A nice warm chocolate chip cookie with a glass of milk. Ooh, does me dirty. Why don't you lead us in prayer
and thank the Lord and Savior
for keeping Grinnelly with us
after falling asleep.
Dear Lord,
Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints,
please let Mikey Grinnelly
grow up once and for all.
Stop smoking weed
and locking his girlfriend
out of the apartment
and just focus on selling merch,
getting teams to sign up for the Chicklets cup and figuring out how to get his
wrist stronger. Amen. Great.
That's a beautiful, beautiful prayer there. Amen. Amen.
I want to say raisins. We have fired him, but let's,
let's talk about the art now. Looks like they're field hockey sticks.
They got like the old school roller blades on.
I don't know how I'm feeling about it.
Can we get a quick zoom in on that?
I think it's wow.
That is great point.
So I actually think it's cool.
The whole vibe of I love people listening in the car.
The vibe of like the shadows kind of are cool and the roller skates are cool.
But those are field hockey sticks.
Yeah, it threw me off a bit,
but that's what roller hockey used to be back in the day.
You got to be proud of the heritage.
We don't make fun of the old hockey sticks
that they used to use back in the day,
the straight wood North Star sticks.
I do notice that the Olympic rings.
Now, was that the type of roller hockey
they were playing in the Olympics back then?
Was it with the old school 70s go-to-the-roller-rink skates?
And then there's a team dressed like referees.
Where are the Olympic rinks?
I see it on the bottom left.
Oh my god. It was in 1960.
I think it was like a test. It was a test
games in the 1960s. They put it
in to test it out, but it didn't end up working
out. That's because
the Chicklets Cup wasn't around. If it was, it didn't end up working out as you can because the chicklets cup wasn't
around if it was and fuck it would have been probably one of the most watched sports you'd
have uh nose face killer and by the way nose face killer congratulations he had a kid in the summer
and then he just uh how do you say when you get like uh not inducted but sworn in gradually sworn
in he was sworn in as a fireman. He's a firefighter.
Good for him.
Good for him.
So Noseface is on the up and up ever since embarrassing me at the back-to-back
Checkouts Cup.
So congrats, Noseface.
Yeah, exactly.
That's a huge thing.
Obviously, I've been stroking off the jakes for years on here, but I sent him
a text.
Very happy for him.
Very proud of him.
It's a tough job.
And I knew he was in the school.
We saw him in Buffalo.
So good for him.
Biz, what have you been up to, my man uh what's that's your latest apartment in wood city where
we know i'm actually uh in atlanta right now because we got the back-to-back broadcast
tuesday wednesday we're gonna get to watch mcdusty connor mcdusty and the oilers and wit
i know you were the one shitting on the leaves by the way three and oh since so suck on that
you dummy uh i would be a little bit more concerned about your bottom six forwards one goal between pull you pull the air v uh who's the other guy i want i want
i want pulley rv packaged up and gonzo okay i'm not down i i don't i don't see it i'm i am
not worried at all about the oilers though because we have horrible goaltending from the cat man himself in,
in Campbell,
but we have Stuart Skinner who's playing lights out.
So the fact we have like the non free agent,
big contract guy starring right now,
that's fine because Campbell will figure it out.
Our bottom six is doing great.
Our team is still completely fine.
We blew that game against the devils.
We get into it.
I'm not worried about,
I'm not worried at all about the Oilers.
Now you,
and I can apologize for the Leafs.
The Leafs look great.
The last three,
the Devils are running your show.
Yes,
we're brought.
Yes,
but by the way,
it's Jesper,
not Jesper.
The J is not silent.
So I guess I fucked up on that one.
Put some respect on my man's name.
Organizational high 11 game point streak. on that busy boy yeah they're fucking good they are that's a that's a
is it maya culpa if i could go back to that game against the calgary flames who came back and tied
it awful fucking call in overtime to send them on the power play yeah the one on lindholm it was
fucking bro soft soft call so
i got all the new jersey devils fans harassing me in my uh in my mentions after i called it exactly
what it was daryl sutter post-game press conference called the bullshit call out as well so hey great
minds think alike i should be an nhl head coach uh your leaf's take was horrific they got back to
their winning ways after their
uh they got rid of the bieber flu we all knew it was the bieber flu that did it they fucking come
home they beat torts's team they beat the the bees who have been storming and then of course uh
the last one on the road in carolina so hey we don't need to talk about the lease anymore i
wouldn't have even talked about them last week. Everybody was just being all dramatic about that fucking swing. So anyway, suck on that wit.
All right.
What dog?
Ryan Whitney.
How you been, buddy?
What's new with you, brother?
A lot.
Halloween was fantastic.
It was a great night.
Like I mentioned, my dad's birthday.
We walked around with the kids.
Wyatt turned to November 16th.
I mentioned my dad's birthday.
We walked around with the kids.
Wyatt turned to November 16th.
This kid ran around for two hours from 530 to 730.
I was amazed when Ryder was just about to turn to he's November 28th.
He was like he went to like three houses and he was done.
He was dressed as a piece of popcorn.
Wyatt was a parrot and just loved it.
I gave him a Starburst early on. It was like Popeye getting spinach
for all you older people.
Maybe you young guys don't even know who Popeye is.
He just took off like a rocket.
And so it was just an overall great night as a dad.
It's amazing.
Time flies, but I'm having fun.
And then I went to New York City
where I proceeded, let me tell you something,
to crush one day of work.
I went on Barstool Advisors with the superstars Stu Feiner and Big Cat.
I thought I did a hell of a job.
My picks weren't great, but I went on Barstool Pick'em for college football.
I absolutely crushed that.
What do you call it when you do something?
Appearance.
And four and one on my picks.
Actually, five and one.
I thought they hosed me, and I took the under in Georgia, Tennessee.
I knew Georgia was in lock.
And then I went on the NFL pick show, whatever the other one's called,
with Deion Sanders, who had a couple hockey questions.
PMT, too.
You did PMT as well.
And I did part of my take the night before.
you did PMT as well.
And I did part of my take the night before big,
big cats Wednesdays are advisors at like nine 45,
followed by pick them at about 11,
followed by the Dion show at 1230,
followed by the,
he goes on the finish of the yak and then he does the college football show.
So I had a little experience of his Wednesday,
but I didn't even do two of them. So the hardest working man in show business,
Dan cats took me along for the ride. And I would say I, I passed not only with flying colors, of his Wednesday, but I didn't even do two of them. So hardest working man in show business, Dan Katz,
took me along for the ride.
And I would say I passed not only with flying colors, but I mean, some people are saying I should replace people.
I should be there forever.
They want me to move to New York and star in these shows.
So I don't know if I could bring that sort of fire
and that heat consistently week after week.
But you bring me in once a month, once every two months,
I'm a-buzzin'.
I'm a-buzzin'.
Caught a train home.
Actually got pretty crippled on the train home.
I ordered some wine.
The woman brought me a Brian Yandel pour,
and then I had like six glasses of wine.
I got off the train.
I was buckled to take an Uber home.
So it was an overall fantastic week.
Got to play a little golf also.
And now we're ready to talk some hockey and some unfortunate,
crazy storylines throughout the week.
Yeah, yeah.
We hate starting off with negative bullshit,
but it was a huge story this week.
My beloved Boston Bruins, they start out great.
Seven straight wins.
Have the best start ever in team history.
And then Friday, they put a tweet out.
And it's probably not a good sign when your team signs a player
and they put a picture of the ice out there, not a picture of the actual player. And it
turns out it was Mitch Miller, who of course was drafted by Arizona in 2020. A story came
out in the Arizona Republic about him bullying a fellow student for several years who was
a special needs student, also a black kid that he would call racial epithets. Just an
ugly story. The Coyotes quickly renounced them, basically
renounced the pick, which you don't often see
in the NHL. A few years
past, the Bruins decided to sign him. He had a good year
in the USHL, and the blowback was just
all weekend. The Bruins were getting crucified
left, right, and center. Even three of their players,
Patrice Bergeron, Nick Foligno,
Brad Marchand, it's very rare
to have three players shit on a front
office move like that, and I think that speaks to their character
and their values and where they come from.
And after the weekend,
the Bruins Sunday night, they put a tweet out.
They basically were cutting ties.
Cam Neely had a press conference Monday morning.
He took the music. I took the music.
Heard the music. Took the heat. He said, basically,
I misread the fan reaction. We
dropped the ball. I want to apologize on behalf
of the Bruins. It was a decision we didn't take lightly.
I felt based on everything that I knew that he deserved a second chance.
He admitted it wasn't the right call.
And yeah, I was like, how did they not know this was the right call?
I mean, the kid was renowned two years ago.
And, you know, we don't know what the penance is for somebody when they fuck up,
how long they have to go, what they have to do to make a living in a certain line of work.
But it's been a clusterfuck all weekend.
The Bruins, they wiped it away this week.
It's still going to linger in the air.
But the other thing was Gary Bettman come out and said he's not eligible to play.
He can't play in this league, which kind of raised a whole other set of questions with the union.
Because I think the day before that, nobody knew he was ineligible.
So it's been a whole messy thing here.
We'll go to you first.
I know you wanted to chime in, and there's a local flavor to it with the bruins so just to clarify before wit takes it over there were a few other teams
inquiring on them if i'm not mistaken detroit was one of them and who was the other i didn't see any
named ones but i know there were in in the mix you might have heard a name or two but yeah i heard
there was more there was more than two okay well there are Quite a few teams in the mix on potentially signing him.
Yeah, so probably a little bit of a long conversation ahead of us here,
but there's just so many.
What a fantastic fuck-up by the Boston Bruins.
And there are so many different aspects to this story.
It's one of the craziest overall stories I can remember in sports recently,
let alone just in hockey with how this is all played out,
going back to the original draft.
So I'll go into it first from the Bruins,
from the Bruins point of view,
and we can get into the kid and the story and everything.
But how,
how fucking dumb is Don Sweeney?
The guy went to Harvard.
How your team is off to the best start they've ever had in their,
in their,
in their franchise history.
And,
and this is the move you do.
This is the move you do.
And we'll get into second chances and everything.
This was an unnecessary,
not needed move by the Boston Bruins.
And when you look at Don Sweeney,
the reason it was necessary and the reason someday that he'll probably be let go, I don't know when it'll be, is because they
have no prospects because he stinks at drafting. OK, so they looked at it like, all right, well,
this is a kid that's actually supposed to be pretty fucking good at hockey and we have the
chance to get him and we don't have many prospects. And let's just hope the blowback isn't as bad as we think it may be or that it could be.
Well, it turns out the blowback was probably 100 times worse than they thought it would be.
I have never in my life remembered a time when players spoke out against their GM's decision like that.
And the way that Marchand and Bergeron spoke, Bergeron was so classy in the way
he said, like, if this kid hasn't changed, he is not welcome near this locker room. And to hear a
player speak about a move that a GM just made, it's shocking. You know, you don't ever hear that.
And so that's why you knew this was going to be a big deal. Like, it was already a big deal. The
players start going, all right, this thing's running rampant, but as the Bruins, it's like,
how is that the move you make after this start?
Are you hoping that it would be long enough that people wouldn't really
remember? It's like,
it just made no sense to me that they were the team to go about it that way.
But with their lack of prospects,
they're looking for easy fixes in terms of getting some people in the
pipeline. The kid is, is a deranged, fucked up kid, I think.
And that's not just me saying that, having never talked to him. That's me talking to different
people who were in draft interviews. I have it on fact being told to people that this kid showed
zero remorse in his draft interviews, almost to the point of like some serious, bizarre attitude and behavior towards
the entire incident incidents that happened with him and this poor kid. So you have to wonder,
like second chances are one thing, right? But who does who does everyone deserve a second chance?
I'd like to think, yes. But when you hear the lack of remorse and the apology that came only because he was forced to apologize.
Now, all right. Can you quickly explain to everyone the apologies?
Because we hear from the victim's parents that there's been none.
I hear there's been two different ones, one in the woman, like the mother of the victim, she had to sign off on stuff that was happening as far as the rehabilitation process.
And there are some instances, if not all the way up until where he had to get to to sign off on it.
She did do so.
Right.
He did apologize in court.
He fulfilled his legal obligations.
I'm not defending him here. I'm just saying what happened. He made the apologize in court he fulfilled his legal obligations i'm not defending the
defending him here i'm just saying what happened he made the statement in court the magistrate
questioned his sincerity he did read the apology in court that was his obligation
he fulfilled his community service uh community service obligations as well now the mother had
done an interview with boston tv recently and and said she didn't get a proper apology.
Now, it's kind of passing words.
He gave the legal apology he was required to give.
So he gave that apology.
Did he go above and beyond and reach out to them after?
No.
But and again, I'm not defending him, but I would say any time you're in a criminal case, a criminal matter, it's not often the defendant goes to the victim after to talk to him.
Well, I don't think he could.
I think it was two years.
He couldn't go near him.
That, that, that as well. So, so, you know, and it's a different standard.
I know she's in, it's the mother. You understand, like she's always going to be mad. I, you know,
her standard of his lack of remorse.
And I don't know what he showed or didn't show,
but that kind of got portrayed in the media and everyone's like, well,
he didn't show any remorse because he didn't say anything.
Like we were talking before, but he probably should have just came out and said, hey, at some point made some sort of a statement just to, you know, so people would stop looking for it.
But he did give the apology in court.
He didn't really do anything after that.
So he did fulfill the legal requirements that he pled guilty to.
And then.
Sorry, go ahead, Biz.
No, I was just going to say, gonna say like like because the coyotes went
through this right so the backlash ensued so i was able to pay more attention to it because it was a
it was a coyotes focused story and i guess one of the biggest head scratchers and you kind of
touched on it was the not getting ahead of it especially with the scouts and the teams where
apparently there was a letter that was put out where he was basically like if i'm gonna do draft meetings i'm not gonna address this issue it's in my past where it's like
buddy but i would say that i would say at least 50 of the dialogue when you're in a meeting like
that being drafted is to figure out what type of character you have that's majority of the questions and you know it's you know although i'm sure like
it's probably difficult for a kid at that age to maybe speak in in in depth on on what had gone on
in his life from the age of 14 till 18 but given the circumstances you don't have a choice people
want to hear it from you and the reason why this has probably gotten so bad is because nobody has heard from this
kid.
Nobody has seen him show remorse on a video or whether it's a live interview.
If people see somebody and they're genuinely remorseful and he's got tears coming out of
his face and saying, this is not who I am.
This is a mistake that happened when i was an adolescent
um it got way out of hand i essentially you know ruined a few years of this other kid's life given
with what everything played out in the court of law right we don't know what the true story is in
the back and forth other than the the big topics like him dropping the n-bomb him bullying a kid who um is um what's what's the
term ra is is it developed developmentally disabled is probably the proper terminology
for the car i think he was born i think the woman who gave birth to him was drinking and doing drugs
and right is it is what's the term ra so alcohol syndrome is what the mother said i mean i don't
i don't think people use the word slow anymore and i'm not trying to be offensive i'm old that's the word we used to say if we had a kid in the class
it was the slow kid so usually developmentally disabled or special needs paul so going back to
when the coyotes did it they nobody had seen the public apology he uh wasn't willing to address it
in long form in these in these meetings with these teams apparently a, a lot of teams crossed him off
after the fact that he wouldn't address it in the meeting,
so they said, we're passing on him.
They didn't even want to interview him, some of them.
And then the biggest thing, being with the organization itself,
they hadn't reached out to the family of the victim.
So you think if Boston were to want to grab him
at this point in time, they would go through that blueprint and say, what do we need to do to ensure that this kid has been fully rehabilitated? He has made amends. He has done all the court ordered.
court order requirements so it's and and like you with the biggest thing is like why why do it now when you've had the best start and you're in a sense of your last dance situation with this
core group of guys who have poured their heart and soul into the organization and then put them
in a bad spot where i don't blame them for saying what they said there because they the team
themselves put them in a bad spot where they're getting ready for games,
and all of a sudden they're answering questions about this.
So, guys, it's a fucking horrible situation.
And you also touched on it.
I'm not saying that people should not be given a second chance.
It seems as if more work is going to have to be done
by Mitchell Miller's side in order to get the respect
and the trust from the
national hockey league and whatever team he ends up going to.
Yeah. And, and you'll be able to,
you'll be able to call me out and say, I guess you're sitting on the fence.
It's such a crazy story that there are such two big sides to this,
that I don't really know where I stand in terms of this kid,
like never getting the chance to play pro hockey.
My thought process is that if you...
All right, so you're 14 years old.
There's mistakes 14-year-olds make,
and then there's torture in kids
who are slower and develop, like, disabled
and cruel, like, evil shit evil shit right and when you're putting
a fucking lollipop in a urinal and then making a kid eat it and and and calling him an n-word
and telling him that uh his black parents didn't love him and that's why he has a white family now
like that is so fucking evil and when you see this this kid's adopted mother his mother
on on a rampage and a crusade to basically never allow this kid Mitchell Miller to play hockey you
kind of understand it I had an article with my friend I said if somebody like treated my kid
like this I I know I'm not saying it's right. I would try to ruin their life.
But on the other side of it, like he was 14 years old, like does he does he never get the chance to play pro hockey? That's hard. That's hard. That's hard to say. Like people get out of prison for
murder and they get a second chance in life. I know it's not a great analogy, but like second
chances exist for a reason. My thing is show some remorse and buddy,
I'm talking to this kid or his agent. Get out there. Your chance of playing pro hockey is
dwindling away by the second. I don't care if this kid's a horrible public speaker. I don't care if
he's absolutely brain dead and he can't even talk in person. You have to do a press conference or
an interview and tell your side of the story, because as much as everyone's going to hate this part of it, there is two sides to every story.
I know that sounds ridiculous with this evidence that's coming out and the fact that in court this kid was found guilty.
But I don't know. I read the letter from the mom and the dad that was written. I don't know. Did you guys see that?
Yeah. Yeah. It seems a little unhinged from the parents, too, of the victim. Now,
I'm not trying to say that they don't have a reason to be unhinged, but there's just more
to this story. I'm not making excuses for the kid. I'm calling this kid a fucked up individual.
But is that it? Is this it? Is it 14 years old and you're done forever? And people say it's a
right to play in the NHL. He can work, but he can't work in the NHL. All right.
So what are you saying? Jobs he can do? Like those jobs are,
what are you look down to those jobs? Do you know what I'm saying?
Do you guys know what I mean by that? Like, Oh, you can work,
but not in the NHL.
What are you saying about the people with those jobs then?
But to go back to the mother's point, I think, yeah, she's angry,
but I honestly think what Biz said,
if he had just come out at some point made any sort of statement, anything,
I think that may have not appeased her, but like satisfy what she wanted.
He's done absolutely nothing.
I think that's what like infuriates her further.
He's done nothing.
Which only makes people think that he has true, no regret.
Right, exactly.
And we don't know if he does or doesn't.
And like you said, we don't know the kid.
But because he said nothing, he's done nothing.
That's what people are going to think, because that's the I guess the theme coming from the family. No remorse, though. The media is hearing that from her and they get nothing from him. Well, the logical thing is this kid has no remorse here. And just to echo your other point with. Yeah, we all did shithead stuff at 12, 13, 14. But this not this type of stuff, not, you know, making a disabled kid, a developmentally disabled kid,
lick a lollipop, dip in piss, and call him the N-bomb and make him self-call that.
Just horrific stuff.
And that's the thing to go.
It's like, okay, well, where's the proper pennant?
Like, is there a time limit?
Is there a speech?
And who knows?
It's not us to figure out.
Well, there's also stories.
Like, there's also people out there saying that they were, like,
that at one point they were close and that.
I saw that, like basically he felt comfortable enough and had been given permission by the other kid to say some of the things.
But in the same breath, it's like we don't we won't know the full story until we hear the other side.
And if it's for fear of blowback, it's like, well,
I mean, both, both situations where all you did was get signed or drafted, you saw the blowback.
So people are, I think the, the, the people are so furious because they want to hear the other
side. And if it's like, if you're just going to simply do what was court ordered, and then you're
going to just stay silent on the subject at that point, I just don't see a place in the NHL forum.
Now, we were talking on a Turner Zoom call,
and Ace is obviously big into this type of stuff
and speaks out on it quite often.
And the committee never got a call to say,
hey, from Boston, hey, how should we handle this situation? You know, maybe,
maybe should we get on a call with Mitchell Miller and can go over stuff and,
and get ahead of maybe donating part of his salary,
maybe spending more hours in order to make amends for whatever he's done.
And on top of all of that,
maybe fucking finally meet up with the parents if they're even willing of the victim.
And I'm I'm certainly in a place of being able to to forgive and forget in a second chance world.
But it seems like there's still going to have to be work to be done if they if Mitchell Miller is ever going to play pro hockey in North America ever again.
Absolutely. Based on what Bettman said, he come out very forcefully,
said this kid's not eligible to play.
And I think, like I said earlier,
this raises a whole other level of questions because if you were to ask
somebody Wednesday last week, Hey,
is that kid Mitch Miller eligible to play in the NHL?
I think anybody would have said, yeah, they didn't ban him.
His rights were renounced, but he wasn't on a list when they signed him.
The contract went through and then Bettman kind of reacted, you know,
like, Oh, he's not playing in my league type of thing and i was wondering if the union was going
to like stick up for the kid because it's not that they have to like the guy but his rights involved
it's collectively bargained and just because betman doesn't like this guy and didn't do the
penance betman expects how is he ineligible all of a sudden if nobody told teams he was ineligible
before you get what i'm saying like i iA., I know exactly what you're saying,
and that's why it's really hard for me to believe that Bettman's entire,
I don't know if it was a press conference or statement,
it was almost like a reaction to how much this thing was blowing up.
Like, oh, whoa, whoa, he can't play in the NHL.
We got to kind of cover our bases here.
People are losing their mind.
We didn't say this is okay. Well, he just signed an NHL, like, like I, we got to kind of cover our basis here. People are losing their mind. We didn't, we didn't say this is okay.
Well, he just signed an NHL contract.
There's some sort of something missing there. No.
Yeah.
There's a procedure in place that didn't pop up before that until Batman
found out he was signed.
So if there was something in place where he shouldn't have been signed,
it should have, Oh,
here's a warning flag before Batman finds out about it. You know what,
you know what I'm saying? Like if there was, he wasn't eligible, then when they try to put the contract through something should have, oh, here's a warning flag before Bettman finds out about it. You know what I'm saying? Like, if he wasn't eligible, then when they try to put the contract through,
something should have popped up.
Bettman finds out after the contract goes through, and, yeah,
he's pissed off about it, and he's even saying, well,
what I read in the media.
So he's not too well-versed in it either.
So he almost sounded like Roger Goodell.
That's reminding me, like, no, he's not playing until I say he can play,
and other leagues might want him, which I thought was sort of a warning
to the age.
I'm like, you better not have this guy in. And again,
that's not something nobody was aware of before then. I mean,
maybe he didn't expect anybody to sign him, but as far as his eligibility,
I don't, I don't think anybody thought that not,
I'm not going to drop names.
I reached out to some guys in Canada and I was told the NHL was red hot
pissed at the Bruins. And I said, well, why, if this kid was eligible, it wasn't. And he said, it's a long story.
Well, for this, for the same reason,
I just mentioned that like there was no communication as to say, Hey,
has this kid actually showed remorse?
Has he done the proper steps in order to rehabilitate,
rehabilitate himself in order to continue moving forward?
So I think that the
league should have been called about it i think that everybody who you think should have been
called about it including the other other the victim's family so guys i it's such a sensitive
topic and we don't want to we don't want to be construed talking about mitchell miller and
and maybe how things would have went compared to
the way they're being portrayed in the media right now because there are some ugly things
we don't want that to overshadow the fact that we're we're not being sensitive to to what this
victim and what his family went through we just in i think that we can all agree on we just want
this situation to to resolve itself everyone to get back to a place where
they're happy and this isn't being this isn't weighing on their lives like every time this
happens this this you know the victim's family has to relive it same with mitchell miller's family
and i'm sure that it's it's it's just it's it's probably chaos and a lot of tears in those
households i i yeah i mean i think the victim's a father now. It's like,
so the kid, the apology he read in court. Now, mind you, I'll tell you something after I read
this. It says, dear Isaiah and the Meyer Crother family, I first want you to know how very sorry I
am that we are here today and mostly for causing you and your family any pain that these last few weeks, Isaiah, I know this may
be hard to believe. I have and still do consider you a friend of mine. What I thought would be a
good, funny prank got bigger. I would never want you to think that I have purposely picked just you.
We were doing anyone and it was wrong and dumb. I was wrong. So when he read that,
I don't know if he read it or it was read.
Apparently, the judge or the magistrate or whoever, like the other kid who was involved was breaking down, as you mentioned, because he was in tears.
He looked truly sorry and remorseful for what happened. I guess the court judge said, like, this Miller kid looked like he just didn't care.
this Miller kid looked like he just didn't care.
And that's part of like probably this family's bitterness is like this kid doesn't even like, I think he's truly like,
I just want to play hockey again.
And when I talk about like,
does he get a second chance and maybe he deserves a second chance.
It's just me trying to take this whole thing in because it's such a fucking
crazy story and a sad story.
But the other part of it is the Bruins.
Like Cam Neely was asked today,
what new information came out that made you really kind of,
you know, ax this contract?
You said, well, you know, we didn't talk to the family.
It's like, how do you guys not talk to the family
maybe before signing them, right?
That seems like kind of a no-brainer to me.
You know what?
I'll be honest. I talked to Nick Alberg or Alberg.
He does. What's the name? The Gold of the Muzzy has a leaf show.
I went on with him today and talked about it. And he brought that up.
And what I again, not defending any side here, but I think maybe their take was like, OK, this kid was already victimized years ago.
I what are they going to say? You know, if we go to them with this, we're only going to bother them
further, further disturb them, re-traumatize
the kid.
And if we sign them, that's going to be a second trauma.
I don't think they felt they had to because they knew
his side. They thought, okay, everything had
happened. It was a few years later
and if they said no,
are they going to not sign a guy because the family
didn't want him to? So I'm not going to kick
him for that. I'll maybe kick him for other things going to the family it wasn't my initial thought
that they needed to go to them because again they were a victim of uh mitchell mitch miller's
criminal activity or whatever you want to call it and it's like all right we're not going to go to
the victim well you know everything happened he did his penance he did his his obligation to the
court and we're just going to sign him. I don't, I think they just thought with enough time had passed and before,
you know,
before we'll move on here,
but yes,
you got to also like,
I'm playing both sides of the Bruins also are here in a three other teams
trying to sign them.
It's like sprint,
sprint to the finish.
Yeah.
It's like,
Oh,
well if there's wait,
if there's four of us want to sign,
I,
we need them.
We need prospects.
It's just
a wild story i'll say this he's probably sitting around right now and he pulled some horrific evil
things but you got to think as biz mentioned tears in both households he's like i was 14 years old
is is that it like i'm done and that is kind of fucked up to think i think i think their side is
going to have to understand
that people are going to want to hear from Mitchell Miller
and Mitchell Miller only about the entire situation.
With everything that's going on in the world,
we understand where the line is.
And unfortunately, this kid's going to be made an example of,
and that's where the line's at.
And I just hope that everybody's able to recover from this
and everybody can move on at some point
and not hold on to something horrific that's happened in the past. I just hope that everybody's able to recover from this and everybody can move on at some point and,
and not hold on to something horrific that's happened in the past.
I just got two last notes.
I,
another crew of guys I kind of felt bad for was the Providence Bruins.
Cause you know,
don't we talk to Patrice Bergeron,
but this guy wasn't going to be the Bruins next week.
Like talk to the guys who you might put in the locker room with.
I thought those guys kind of get sandbagged to some degree.
You know,
if he did in fact, you know, end up getting through the process, go put in the locker room with i thought those guys kind of get sandbagged to some degree you know if he did in fact you know end up getting through the process go and join the team
you go talk to the guys he might play with in a year or so not the guys he's actually going to
see in a week so i thought that was pretty unfair to them as well i'll say this too like
if i'm a reporter the last thing i'm fucking doing is going in a locker room and asking brad
marchand about this situation like is that is it is that
that's just them but this story was the hottest story in the internet but they have no involvement
in it it's this kid won't be playing with these guys this year everybody's looking for quotes dude
that's what i know but i just i understand but it's just it's i don't know it puts fucking
if you want to blame the organization for putting them in a tough spot,
I guess let's blame the organization.
But these guys had nothing to do with that decision,
and they're fucking being put on their heels after a pregame skate.
Like, why am I, we're off to a 10-1 start.
Why am I fucking talking about this?
I thought we might hear from, like, his teammates this year
where he was defenseman of the year in the USHL.
I think he scored 40 goals. It's like, we didn't hear from his coaches this year, his teammates this year where he was defenseman of the year in the USHL. I think he scored 40 goals. It's like we didn't hear
from his coaches this year, his teammates.
What kind of guy was he?
It's just a bizarre, bizarre
story. Just when you brought
that up, when poking around, he did
one, I think, defenseman of the year and player of the year.
Actually, his coaches and some teammates,
they praised him. They had nice
things to say about him. I know that's kind of routine
with hockey. You've got a good teammate, but nobody was really complaining about him this year.
There's no, you know, he hasn't done anything similar since.
And, you know, it's again, it's a, it's a penance.
I don't know how long the penance is. And one last note to the Bruins,
listen, not everybody in Boston went to Harvard,
but don't piss on a leg and tell us it's fucking raining out.
You know, like no information didn't come out.
I mean, the same information was there when, arizona redounced the right years ago you know
they fucked up i thought nearly at least finally today say he took the press comments i thought
that was his way of saying like okay it wasn't on sweeney it was me we screwed up i think everybody
can move along and at the end of the day it's not going to affect those guys in the locker room
because they're the ultimate professionals and it's an unfortunate thing that hopefully everybody
can learn from and maybe take some lessons on but i don't think this has to
be a dominant like story that carries on for months and months well said all right boys a
shitty a shitty beginning to uh what what should be a fun rest of the episode absolutely and biz
we we mentioned it briefly the devils uh i'm waiting for them to hang an l on your twitter
is that going to happen soon or what?
On your forehead.
Let's get to the 20-game mark first, okay?
Some of these young, quick teams, they always come out of the gate hot.
Compliments to them and everything.
But they didn't come out of the gate hot.
They came out okay.
What was their record out of the gate?
I mean, what are they, 9-3 right now?
They were fucking  they wanted their coach fired the first game. they know they wanted them fired when they were doing player intros for
fuck's sakes he was shocked he's like who are they bowing it's like just you lindsey just from
watching them the two games that i watch them i mean speed is is obviously something that stands
out uh i still think that the ceiling for for jack hughes is very very high oh my god is he a fucking he's a mutant
out there uh power play looks good as far as snapping it around they don't make they don't
make a ton of mistakes where they they really don't give up that many scoring chances so overall
yeah i'm i'm i'm shaking in my boots a little bit i i do feel a little bit stupid i probably
should have took pasha's warning but i
hadn't seen anything up until this point and he'd been in my ear for fucking three years straight
he drove me crazy uh miles wood looks good for them five goals he was the guy who got them going
early in the season after that loss yeah and he took a lot of heat for saying i'm sick of being
on a bad team and people were asking should bottom six forwards talk like that and he stepped it up
he could skate he's enormous he's willing to fight he's one of those guys that adds so much speed to
the lineup you know i i don't i don't watch this team enough i'm gonna start watching them because
it seems like everyone who watches him says how fun they are to uh to watch but like this sat
the sharon govich he's kind of a beast out there at times. The kid, is it Bastian?
How do you say his name?
Nathan Bastian?
He was with the Devils, and then he ended up on Seattle,
and the Devils got him back.
He looked great.
Like you said, Hughes, I've never given Heischer the credit
he's probably deserved as a two-way player.
Oh, fuck, he looks good.
Now, here's the thing.
Now Mackenzie Blackwood's
injured and.
The goaltending is their one
thing that everyone has said,
like even at the beginning of
the year when they were
struggling, apparently they
were playing well enough to
win games, they couldn't get a
save.
So the goaltending still
probably is a question mark.
You're not able to outscore
everyone, but this team is way
better.
And I'm saying I was wrong.
They are way better than I
thought.
Does it hold up?
Are the New York, New Jersey Devils a playoff team?
It's hard to say no right now.
It really I mean, they just they just walk through Western Canada.
Now, granted, Vancouver stinks.
Calgary right stinks right now.
And Oilers are unbelievable.
They just had a little bad seven seconds when they got two goals.
How about that?
How about that hiccup?
Jasper Bratt. How sick
was the play that they made? It was a bad
read by a defenseman on the Oilers,
but it was a little play where the
D-man looks like he's going to pass it up the wall
and Bratt jumps to the middle and got a breakaway
right off the face off and buried it.
So yeah, they got
something brewing there, but the goaltending is
still the question, and I don't know what's going to happen there. But the goaltending is still the question.
And I don't know what's going to happen there.
Can they get consistency or is it going to be up and down, up and down?
Well, how about that?
Chicklets probably gave out.
Yes, but Brad gets a point.
Plus 210.
He ends up scoring the game-winning goal.
Strokes it right in your face.
Good stuff for the people who did have that prop.
Plus 210.
You just mentioned they swept Western Canada. That was only the second time the Devils have done it since they've been in
New Jersey. And just to go back to those fancy stats,
we're actually getting into Shayna Goldman who writes for the athletic.
She's awesome with this stuff. After the early goal, the Devils got,
they bounced back to dominate the period.
They generated 72.4 of the expected goals here.
Shot attempts were fought with five on five,
were five on O with Hesher on the ice and nine to three with Hughes line with huge line so these two guys man like they're not the biggest guys in the world but
they're dominating possession out there right now it's uh you know is it gonna hold up is you think
i know yeah what do you think no i i i i think i think that they're gonna be in good shape i think
that they're probably at this point now looking at getting a wild card and it fucking drives me
nuts and i'm just praying they get bounced in the first round.
Cause I was spouting off on Twitter to the mascot.
And I said,
if they reach the conference finals this year,
next year,
I'll get a tattoo of the devil right on my arse.
So yeah,
let's hope that they get bounced.
One more for you.
And yes,
but Brad's first 11 games,
five goals,
12 assists, 10 primary assist, first 11 games, five goals, 12 assists, 10 primary assists,
12 five-on-five points, at least a point in every game,
on ice five-on-five, New Jersey, up 12-6, shots on goals 96-43,
high danger chances 40-21.
So that's just yet another forward dominating possession for this team.
We don't need to rub your face in it anymore, Biz.
We can move on.
Well, it's going to be a shame when they can't re-sign him because he's going to
be asking for too much dough. So enjoy
it while you can. I didn't know he's got another year RFA too.
So, I don't know what's
going to happen there. Maybe you'll leave so
your Coyotes can sign him, Biz. Coyotes
got some cap space. I think we're actually underneath
the cap right now. So we got to start spending some
dough. All right. Before we go any further,
Biz, you have a word from our presenting sponsor? I'm here to the cap right now. So we got to start spending some dough. All right. Before we go any further, uh, biz,
you have a word from our presenting sponsor.
I'm here to talk to you about pink Whitney,
our presenting sponsor from our friends at new Amsterdam vodka. That's right.
Pink Whitney is the only shot you should be taken when celebrating life's big
milestones, or even just watching the big game.
I love seeing fans who tweet us that they do a shot when their favorite team scores.
And we especially love it when you tag us in your bachelor, bachelorette party, or even
wedding photos.
And speaking of Pink Whitney, Grinnell and I are doing a bottle signing in Philadelphia
come December 2nd.
That's right.
Friday, December 2nd.
So stay tuned for more details on that.
We have some exciting stuff for pink Whitney coming in 2023.
So make sure to head to your local bar and ask her for some pink Whitney
stroke off session right now.
Eric Carlson,
a second and goals with 10.
When I wrote this down,
10 goals by a defenseman.
And the first 13 team games is a post world war two record.
I mean,
we talk about post expansion.
We're going post world war two,
but the thing is, San Jose's not
going this year. Carlson's got four
years left, 11.5 million.
Does he go anywhere this year? Is anyone going to bite
the bullet on him? He's still only 32 years old. He's not old.
They would have to eat a lot of money.
Like, any contending team isn't able
to take that salary on
unless they're moving a bunch of salary back,
which doesn't make much sense. How about
this, though, for numbers from Filipovich?
The Sharks have scored 32 goals this season.
Carlson's been on the ice for 24 of them.
He's registered a point on 18 of them, and he scored 10 of them himself.
So you're looking at one of the most dominant starts for a defense.
Like, this is kind of what everyone thought, you know,
Makar would jump out and do this year.
I think he just got his first the other night.
kind of what everyone thought you know macar would jump out and do this do this year i think he just got his first the other night um but carlson we mentioned before the year as kind of being maybe
past his prime he might have heard us biz said fuck wit and fuck biz well these two are idiots
so he was dealing with some injuries the past couple years too they were lingering i i think
that the fact that Brent
Booz Brent Brent Brent Booz he ain't that big of a boozer so don't don't quote me on that uh Brent
Burns moving over to Carolina it's hard when you have two offensive D-men who are used to lugging
the mail and and you know being that pp1 defenseman and getting those reps non-stop so sometimes when
you're spreading it out it kind of throws both of them off and it really wasn't working of course san jose able to get brent burns off the books and then carlson
moves into that spot much like he was in ottawa and let's go back to the ottawa days like he was
he was the guy just driving offense he would grab it in his own end he'd either make a sick outlet
pass or he would just lug the mail himself so it's great to see where he's at
ra but like wit said it's just so hard with this hard cap now and and with it being stuck where
with that much money on salary there's just simply no way a contending team could have enough to to
bring them on board and and then what are you going to do you're going to get rid of two good
assets that put you in that position to get rid of them and send them back to San Jose to get this formula that you don't know
if it's going to work with your team.
So it's such an unorthodox way, too,
because you look at many teams of like,
which 1A defenseman is driving your offense?
Well, you just mentioned Kael McCarr.
Could you think of another team in the league
whose D-man is really like the main go-to guy
when he's out there with the four other players.
Like, give me one other example of a guy that, I mean,
Drew Dowdy kind of used to be like that.
I don't think he has the legs that he used to in order to drive offense,
but it's great to see him back to where he was,
and maybe he did hear you ragging on him.
Yeah, but on a bunch of golf trips with him too.
Now, I wouldn't say I ragged on him,
but I certainly didn't think he had this left in him is i was saying boo earns booze earns the booze man some guy in uh in missouri's laughing his
guy right now but not you uh oh alex ovechkin gotta take the hat off again once again he broke
gordie howe's record for the most goals with a single franchise when
he scored his 787th versus Arizona Saturday.
He got the 786 when the caps visit Detroit early in the week.
I don't know if you guys saw that.
Those guys actually warmed up in a different rink.
They said it might've been the first time that an NHL game had the two teams
warm up at a rink without like the pain participants seeing that because I guess seasonsesars has two different rinks did you catch that with no yeah they have their practice
rink um and you know in the same facility and i believe they use the ice during that time
to honor the 97 uh stanley cup champion team absolutely 97 and 98 that was a great ceremony
they brought vladimir constantinov we talked about him before with the documentary. They had the cup out with him.
And I don't know if you guys caught the interview.
I think it was Saturday after the first or second period.
They brought Stevie Bongrips on during the game.
And he talked about Vlad for a while.
And he was just, you know,
you could tell he was almost wistful about how good he was.
And if they could have had him and Lidstrom for another 10,
12 years, I mean,
that team should have won easily two, three more cups.
But obviously some asshole didn't do his job that night and things played
out the way they did.
And it ended up sad,
but either way,
we want to give that Alexander Ovechkin a stroke off,
getting closer to 800,
a few other names here.
We had,
I thought,
I thought maybe he would have slowed down a little bit without having
Backstrom on the PP.
And I know he's been playing with Kuznetsov the last couple of years,
but God damn,
man,
he's on that fucking gas, boy.
Biz, our old neck of the woods, Dylan Gunther.
He didn't know if he was going to stay for the year or not.
The Yotes did an awesome thing.
They brought him into the room and they had the computer set up.
They bring his family on the Zoom.
And I don't know if, Biz, if you want to tell the story,
you'll have me finish or what?
No, I mean, you just told it.
And, you know, he was on the bubble.
Won a Memorial Cup with Edmonton last year.
They won the Western League, and then they went on to win the Memorial Cup.
The team's not very good this year.
So the plan was apparently he was going to get sent back to junior,
and then his rights was probably going to be traded away.
But just from watching him in the time that I got to call the games at the new Malt Arena, very crafty forward.
He makes plays.
He's not afraid to make plays with the puck.
He seems to always be in position.
The only downfall is he's a little undersized and he doesn't have the muscle there.
But as far as what they got in the pipeline and the players they have there right now
and Schmaltzy being out, he was able to get the reps that he needed in order to prove
himself and and i couldn't be happier for the guy and if the coyotes need if the coyotes need one
thing it's young prospect making an impact at the nhl level and he's going to be able to get the
reps the rest of the year so i couldn't be more happy for him uh and uh and the coyotes they
actually beat washington in washington the other night fucking you can't be
going into games talking about them the way we talk about them because there's effort there i
mean that that guy he's got six points in 10 games and and what's good is i mean he's he's skinny but
he's six two he's gonna he's gonna maybe he's not six two six one at least he's gonna grow he's
gonna get big they got him then this draft, they got Logan Cooley.
So they're going to have some studs coming up at some point.
He must have been wearing two pairs of thick socks if they got him listed as 6'2".
Is he not even close to that?
I don't know, man.
He looked big on the ice, I thought.
Yeah, well, he skates pretty hunched over, so he doesn't look that big.
But I don't know.
Maybe he's just one of
those guys that walk short and then all of a sudden he's up to you and you're like oh fuck
you are six two so he says he's 5 11 yeah exactly like port noise oh come on i am i am 5 11 i'm
definitely 5 11 yeah with that fucking maybe if you look up with that snow uh players don't tank
by the way our front office is doing.
Just to fill in the blanks there, Gunther's family was on Zoom,
and they told him that he was going to be staying up with the team
as opposed to the team.
Yeah, they're like, you're paying our mortgage,
and congratulations, you're staying up.
So that was pretty cool.
And then a day later.
Buy me a car, son, you bitch.
Yeah.
Saturday night during the Leafs-Bruins game,
Ilya Samsonov didn't come out for the third period
he hurt his knee he's got an ir he's got an MRI he's waiting to see what happens there
in the meantime Toronto signed the Molly's goalie what's his name Keith Petruzzoli this is one of
the best videos I'm sorry Petruzzoli one of the best videos you'll see on the internet this week
because he wasn't contracted to the to the Leafs biz maybe you could explain this a little more
a lot of people in the AHL they have an NHL AHL contract but there are guys who have strictly
an AHL contract so any other team could come and sign them at any time is that correct correct
yes okay you're not on an NHL contract and you're playing for a team in the American League
I I yeah I don't think that there's anything that could nix an NHL team from giving it to
them it's kind of like when you get a job promotion you know it's like if you're uh if you're an assistant
general manager and a team's offering you the head gm position chances are they are going to let you
go and allow you to go get that gm position so uh in this situation it was another cool viral video
where they they surprised him and let him go he He got an NHL deal. Money, money, money, money.
Yeah, such an awesome
video. Probably had no clue this was going to happen.
Obviously, a couple goalie injuries up in
Toronto, and he gets the call. So, no matter
who you root for, check out the video we tweeted
out. Just an awesome video, no matter who your
team is. What else we got here?
Kevin Bieksa visited his
old team last week. Busy, stopped by the Canucks.
He went by the locker room, had a nice little chat with the boys in the day,
had practice with him.
What was your take on that?
Biexa, friend of the program, had him on a couple of times.
Awesome guy.
I'm sure the guys were thrilled to have him.
He's a well-respected veteran.
Oh, big time.
I was able to actually see the Hockey Night in Canada feed.
So they played the clip and he went in the locker room.
And I don't know if he said that it wasn't supposed to get out there.
I don't know if the organization had him given this talk,
but a long story short,
like bring whatever you can to the table.
And he said,
if you're a guy who's a good net front guy,
like get out there 20 minutes before practice and,
and,
and tip pucks,
you know,
work on that.
They showed clips of Patty Maroon doing it.
You know,
if you're a defenseman work on going back and breaking the puck out and, it. You know, if you're a defenseman, work on going back and breaking the puck out.
And or, you know, if you're the flank guy on the power play, work on taking those rebounds off the pad and, you know, seeing if you can work on your shot and finding an open spot.
So, unfortunately, they go get a 3-0 lead against the Nashville Predators that next night or the same night or whenever it was.
And then they blow it, shockingly enough. How many many fucking two three goal leads have they blown so far this year
but it was just great for in an example for for kids who are watching on television is to like
cone your skill not every guy is going to be the connor mcdavid right you gotta you gotta bring to
your team what you can in certain areas and also be willing to go out there before and after practice
to work on it to also drive others to go out there before and after practice to work on it,
to also drive others to go work on their skills. Cause if you're a,
if you're a net front guy and you don't see that fucking defenseman working on
getting shots through and walking the line.
And all of a sudden during games you're battling for position and this guy
keeps getting them blocked or, or, or,
or missing the net or fucking firing them by your teeth.
And you see him not
working on it in practice damn right you're going to be frustrated so that was really essentially
the message that he gave the guys in the locker room and uh unfortunately it just didn't rub off
in that game but the vancouver canucks have looked a lot better and nonetheless a really good night
for for bx and his whole family when they honor him at Rogers Place.
So I must have missed the announcement that he was going to sign a contract to retire as a Canuck because I scrolled on Twitter and I saw the picture
of him signing the contract with his son there.
And then I saw the picture.
Kevin BX is out there for pregame skate.
I'm like, holy shit, man.
They're struggling.
Like, yeah, he's in amazing shape.
I almost tweeted.
He's going to beat the shit out of somebody tonight.
I'm like, I actually got to make sure he's like playing.
I thought they signed him to play.
I thought he was coming out of retirement.
And he's still so shredded.
He probably still could play.
But I was laughing when I was like, oh, good thing I didn't tweet that out.
But the speech was great.
I saw what you're talking about, Biz.
I think he mentioned, too, for the guys who are bottom six,
you be in the gym longer.
Let's have your energy.
Let's not have you losing any strength throughout this long season.
And it was a great message to the team.
And all it came back to was doing what they did
and the guys being out there practicing what their role was
early before every practice was that it built a culture of, you know, I think he mentioned eight to
10 years of the Canucks being an elite team in the league.
So it was it was a great moment by a guy who I had so much respect for him.
I mean, I was scared of the guy out there.
He was a killer.
Nobody wanted to play against them and teammates loved him.
And he's great at his job now.
He's really good at being open and honest and giving his opinions about the NHL and about the current game.
He's educated. He's well-spoken.
I ran into him in Vegas when we were there for the All-Star Game biz.
He's a great guy to talk to. He's with his son then.
So happy for him to get to retire as a Canuck.
I think that's what everyone thinks of when they think of his career is his days in Vancouver.
He's hilarious, too. And he's one guy I've done a 180 on. Of course,
I'm a fan. You like, or don't like guys.
You probably hated him watching. Yeah.
Cause he flew to Vancouver to celebrate a cup win in the away locker room.
And he went home sucking his thumb. Yeah. I mean, I, you know,
they were on the 2011 Canucks and that it is what it is.
And then I'll tell you,
I think the first time I met him we were in Philly for one of the trips and he'd come over, he said, Hey, what's up, buddy., you know, they were on the 2011 Canucks and that it is what it is. And then I'll tell you, I think the first time I met him, we were in Philly for one of the trips and he'd come out.
He said, hey, what's up, buddy?
And, you know, I never assume people know who I am.
Of course, you know, even years ago, I don't have that type of ego.
Hey, what's up?
How you been?
Blah, blah, blah.
I was like, hey, Kevin, like, you're just so nice and polite.
And I was like, hey, we should get you on the show.
He's like, yeah, absolutely.
And, you know, and the next day I'm sitting in the room and he's cracking me up, laughing, you know, laughing our balls off.
And I've got to know him a little bit. And he's an awesome guy.
It just goes to show. Don't judge a book by its cover when they're on the ice, because these guys are awesome.
And we're big BX. I might have been off base there.
Did you get in the locker room in Vancouver?
Well, I was in the Bruins locker room. Not OK. You were OK. All right.
Well, there you go with the press pass, by the way.
And then they're like, all right, all the media and family has to leave.
So I was like, well, I'm needed.
Anybody with a press pass, get the fuck out of here.
It was hilarious though.
Everyone left and like it was me, Andy Brickley,
and like one of the guy that was like in bar beers in the Stanley Cup.
So we were like photo session like for like 10 minutes.
They left the cup there.
So we had some fun with it.
We have two guests.
We're going to get to one of them very shortly.
First up, Rick Talkett, friend of the program.
We're going to bring him on.
He's not a coach right now, so we can talk about other teams.
And a little bit later, we're going to have Matthew Kachuk on.
Of course, he was just suspended.
We're going to talk about that later.
But there was another suspension.
Josh Anderson, Montreal.
Absolutely buries Vegas'lex petrangelo from behind
i thought it was a very dangerous hit remind a lot of people that lemieux hit on drapa uh he got
jumped right away after it looked like one of those gang initiation things you see on like the
discovery channel when they're like jumping in a new gang yeah they were curb stomping them by the
door when the door the funniest part was the the view of the hit that i saw kind of above and behind
the canadians bench i i or uh i don't know if it was vegas or canadians where he hit him but was the view of the hit that I saw kind of above and behind the Canadians bench.
I don't know if it was Vegas or Canadians where he hit him,
but I thought Petrangelo might have been down for the count.
It looked horrific.
It literally did look like Lemieux on Draper.
He could have broken his freaking face.
But then you see Petro come up and he gets right to the side and I think he threw a left bomb at him.
So he was obviously as pissed off as anyone, but really dirty hit.
It's kind of incredible to me
looking at kachuk which the league says the stick work was on purpose and he was trying so so the
the kachuk suspension the fact that he got two games and then anderson gets two games those
don't look anything alike in terms of games missed no no no and the kachuk suspension
the the issue everyone's so pissed off because,
all right, it was either accidental and why would you be suspended?
Or if it was on purpose, he's trying to take his fucking eye out.
Why would it only be two games?
I would say accidentally on purpose where he's just trying to put his blade
in his face.
But hey, man, if you want to walk the line like that and it gets in the cat eye
and you poke his eye, I think you got to pay the line like that and it gets in the cat eye and you poke his eye,
I think you got to pay the piper.
I don't genuinely think... Did you think both of those should be two games?
Both of those look like the same amount suspension?
Well, so the Anderson one on Petrangelo,
like sometimes when you're going in on that angle,
you think you're going to get him from the side
and put him in the wall.
I think that it was too clear that he was turning and he'd already made his turn so he committed and and
hey fuck pay the piper i don't think that that should have been more than two games
the hit from anderson do you think that it was too much for the for the eye gouge i i think that
okay if you want to have that at two i don't hate that maybe three but kachuk should have been
less to me than that hit that's what i'm trying to i i know but as far as like a reckless play
and trying to set an example of a guy who definitely plays on the edge i think that you
have to establish hey buddy if you're gonna if you're gonna continue doing little stuff like
this and you're gonna injure players as a result of it we gotta we gotta give you a little bit of
a peepee whack and i'm the biggest matthew kachuk fan but i'm also a jonathan quip
fan and i played in the la kings organization and i know if somebody did that to my goalie
i would have came off the bench top ropes hulkster yeah i think when you're messing with the eyes
it's it's a different like equation there you know the eyes are obviously you don't want to
fuck with people's eyes and i was watching the game because i would say it was like an urkel thing kind of like oh did i do that
you know like 100 percent cory perry accidentally on purpose exactly but i i don't think he caught
his actual eye but just the fact he nearly could have yeah two games was warranted but i thought
anderson probably should have got more than two for what he did and anybody saying he gouged him
in the eye on purpose he's already looking away by the time he puts his stick in there.
So there's no way with that body in between him and Jonathan quick that he
would have been able to catch exactly where that opening was.
It's minuscule at the fact that you could fit a blade through there,
but Hey,
PP whack time,
two games,
who cares?
They already won the first game.
He was suspended for it.
He gave him a little,
give him a little break,
82 games.
Get your rest. I like the Florida announces though. think they went to the jack edwards school of hockey announced and they were like they're like oh i don't think that could
end there i was like well john quick he's been playing in hollywood for quite a while so as like
he like was picking up acting lessons i was like holy shit that's straight out of the jack edwards
book and uh yeah that sounds like me with the coyotes brett howden brett howd look like
robert tanero and goodfellas when they kill him billy bats like fucking putting the slippers to
him but i i think that was that was like a gang initiation that was probably worth one extra game
just getting the beat and he got so i mean maybe it was a three game suspension after that beat
biz that's the game good itself and that's the way it should be who had that prediction lined up oh did you 100 i'm
fucking actually other than the devils i'm pretty pretty much buzzing well nobody's everyone likes
telling me how wrong i am about things if you see how good the islanders are yeah right here
the wit and by the way sorokin might be better than fucking Igor. You watch.
I'll sign, stamp, and deliver that all day long.
You watch.
The Sorokin is insane.
I'm not just saying this to get a rise out of Rangers fans.
They are so average, dude.
They are so average.
You know what they are?
You know what the kids are saying?
They're mid.
They're mid.
I was telling my dad about the term mid.
I'm obsessed with saying it.
Does it just mean mediocre?
It just means, because I said, I go, dad, what do you think?
If you call somebody mid, what do you think it means?
He's like, I don't know.
I don't know.
I guess like average.
I go, yup.
It's just a great way to say like, you're so mid.
Avery just put out mids merch for macro dosing.
I think the only thing we can do now is make Mids Rangers merch.
I think it's 100 necessary.
I'm not talking about that guy until playoffs, if they even make playoffs.
Boys, the Blues, the Penguins, they've been struggling.
There's been a lot of physicality going on.
I think we should talk to Rick Talkett, see what's going on in the NHL.
Yeah, but we're going to go to talk now,
and we're going all around the league with talk. So make sure you tune into this one. Okay, before we get to Rick Talkett, see what's going on in the NHL this week. Yeah, but we're going to go to talk now, and we're going all around the league with talk,
so make sure you tune into this one.
Okay, before we get to Rick Talkett,
we want to let you know that his interview is brought to you by GameTime.
If you want to see any games this season, you need GameTime.
GameTime is the ticket and app that makes it easier than ever
to score the best deals on tickets to sports, concerts, and shows,
and they guarantee the lowest price.
If you haven't given Game Time a shot yet,
you don't know what you're waiting for.
You guys are going to love this app.
It's so good.
We've had tons of Boston fans using it,
hitting us up on social media,
letting us know the great deals they got.
Me and Grinnell, you've seen a bunch of concerts,
playoff games, a whole bunch of stuff.
You guys definitely want to check it out.
So you want to go to download the Game Time app,
go to the account tab to create a login and redeem code CHICKLETS for 20 off your first
purchase. Terms do apply. Once again, download GameTime, last minute tickets, lowest price
guaranteed. And now enjoy Rick talking. It's nice to welcome back this friend of the program,
yet another guy joining us for the third time ever.
Of course, you can hear him on TNT every week with Biz and the crew,
at least until he ends up back behind an NHL bench soon.
Thanks so much for coming back on the Spittin' Chicklets podcast,
Rick Target.
What's going on, brother?
Not much, man.
It's great seeing the boys, you know?
Anything for Biz.
Anything for Biz.
Well, we got to get you before you become a head coach
somewhere I know there's gonna be a few teams asking
pretty soon with the starts they've had
fuck it might even be your old team
the Pittsburgh Penguins
oh my god
Sully's safe Sully's safe
you know you won two cups for god's sakes
when's that shelf life over
when you win two cups
it's gotta be a while don't you think, boys?
How many in a row do you have to lose to lose your job
if you brought a team to stay on the Cups?
Could you go 0-82?
Oh, man.
Well, I mean, listen, they've been the better team
in a couple of these playoff rounds.
Maybe not against the Islanders.
The Islanders were the  I guess the one year
that they thought they were better than the Islanders, but they've had some goaltending problems,
you know, Jari getting hurt.
That last year, we all talked about the Rangers.
You know, they got lucky when Sid went down.
So there's some unfortunate instances that happened to the Penguins, for sure.
Do you keep in touch with Sullivan quite often?
You guys are texting all the time, aren't you?
Yeah, not as much as I used to.
More Craig Berube.
I'm almost every other day with Chief.
Coop once in a while, John Cooper.
I talk to Travis Green, you know, guys that are on the sidelines now a few times.
But I don't talk to a lot of guys, you know.
We're going to get to the Blues, but specifically with Pittsburgh,
what do you see as the major issue right now?
They got off to that hot start.
Their big dogs came out of the gate flying.
I thought Malkin was going to have an insane bounce back year.
He's tend to slow down like a little bit.
I don't know if maybe sometimes his body language and his work ethic
might trickle down the lineup.
But what do you see as the major, major issues right now?
Yeah, two things for me.
Like the structure, they're built on structure.
You know, Penguins, every time you play the Penguins,
they're in their right spots most of the time over the last bunch of years.
I think the last two weeks they've given up that two-goal lead,
I guess, in Buffalo.
There's just certain PKs not as it used to be.
And they're bottom six, man.
And I think it's an epidemic in the NHL.
You need bottom six scoring, you know.
Kapanen, you know, he's done nothing.
You know, he's making 3 million, 4 million a year.
These bottom six guys, you know the way it works.
They got to take pressure off the big boys.
You can't always  I get the stars got to be stars,
but it's nice for that bottom not
even so much score change the momentum him you know biz we did that colorado and edmonton series
in colorado and tampa you know connor and those guys um those that line there they would have you
know when edmonton started kind of putting press on uh colorado they would go in there and they'd
have the puck in their end for about two minutes and then then the big boys jumped on, they scored a goal.
I mean, that's huge when you have those bottom six guys doing that for you, puck possession.
Yeah, I was, I was actually earlier in the podcast ragging on even Edmonton's bottom
six, but like you said, it seems like though they like around the league, like half the
teams, like the bottom six, they don't really run around that much.
Nobody's really fighting or providing that energy or really doing anything to stand out.
Do you think that's the norm or maybe just the fact that there's 32 teams now and maybe things are getting a little bit watered down?
Well, there's an insane  the stats are crazy.
We talked about this, the two goal leads.
I think it's over 40.
The teams that were down two goals have come back to win the game.
That, to me, is insane.
It's an offensive league.
There's more penalties this  way more than last year.
Everybody wants their cookies.
Nobody's defending.
Listen, I don't want the Jock Lemire trap,
and I'm not trying to be that old-school guy,
but I don't think guys take as much pride in defending, me personally,
like they used to, but it's a cookie league, right?
So maybe the bottom six figure I got to get my points.
And I don't know.
I mean, I'm just trying to think,
why have all these two goal leads being blown?
It's ridiculous.
I think that it's just, it's such hard work to play D,
and maybe guys don't have that same work ethic.
But back to the Penguins, you mentioned Kapanen three goals in his last 50 games going back to last year.
Yeah, he gets a two year deal this summer.
And the thing that really kind of worries me about the Penguins and it was evident in Buffalo.
I don't know if you saw Gergensen's. He outraces Letang and Malkin to, to beat the icing.
And it's,
it's just like things like that,
where it's like blatant effort.
It's like,
well,
I don't know what's going on with that team seven in a row.
And if you lose enough,
you're out of this race pretty quick.
It's it's,
it's nuts to see.
Yeah.
When I saw that,
not really,
that's a head scratcher.
You know,
Gino hardly skated and Letang and that usually never happens.
Maybe that's
frustration but you can't do that you can't we all said I think we said on the air um so yeah
that was a kind of alarming thing I don't know what you think you're a defenseman I think you
got to change your techniques as a defenseman to defend now I mean they're calling a lot of
penalties harder to defend now as a defenseman there's a lot of rules I think uh there's more
you know maybe teach different techniques,
maybe a couple different systems in your own end because you can't do
I know, you know, over the years they've changed the rules,
but this year it seems like they're calling a lot of little things
in your own end, and that's going to have the scoring go up.
Going back to that structure, how long does it take to get used
for a new guy who comes in the locker room to get used to that?
Because one of the other complaints I'm hearing is the back end seems a little bit slow well they had
a great year last year pittsburgh overall i thought they should have won that series against
the rangers well they lose marino and then they also lost matheson who are huge guys and then
they got petrie who's a little bit older do you find that they do look a little bit slower and going back, how hard is it to adjust to this Pittsburgh Penguins system?
Yeah, I'm with you, Biz.
I think they've gotten a little slower in the back end.
You know, those two guys, Marino and Matheson,
they played a little bit north.
Marino's having a really good year for Jersey right now.
So, yeah, a little slower.
You know, the defense, when they come in it is adjustment
it's a different adjustment like i know sully's system's different than other systems uh for
defense you know uh you know montgomery goes into boston right and he wants his defense to be more
free in front cassie likes his defense one defenseman to stay in in front of the net craig
ruby kind of changed his defensive zone coverage this year because he wanted to tweak something.
So it takes a while.
I mean, I don't think it's going to  it doesn't take a month,
but it does take, you know, 10, 5, 10 games to get the system done
and guys feel comfortable.
Talk, rather than selling the players,
should the front office be taking some shrapnel here as well
for the lineup they've given them?
Well, you know, like sometimes us media, we always like to give to the coach.
Yeah. I mean, you know, I sometimes us media, we always like to give it to the coach. Yeah.
I mean, you know, I know Ronnie Hexall well.
You know, he made those deals to get bigger on defense.
You know, look at Tampa, Colorado, some bigger defensemen,
especially Tampa, that top four, big guys block shots.
So maybe they thought that was a recipe when they made those deals.
But, yeah, when you lose, everybody, hey, everybody's got to take the shrapnel.
You know, players, coaches, GMs, you know,
I think everybody's got to take a piece of the accountability.
I deserve a little shrapnel.
If they got Ty Smith from Jersey, from Marino, Marino, like you said,
is playing amazing.
Ty Smith's in the minors.
So, yeah, there's certainly some things going on there that I i don't think at all the penguins aren't can't turn it around like even malcolm had a quote we can win
six in a row but they better get it going quick yeah and listen that leadership core there i've
seen it um you know they had a halloween party the other day things like that will help they
they just need to relax plus you know like they got some new guys you know the bottom six guys
are different than they had when they were winning the Cups.
You know, you can't always rely, you know, I know, you know,
everybody's like Sid's a captain.
He's got, you know, you need the, I hate to tell you, Patrick Hornquist
and Nick Boninos, Matt Cullen.
Those guys were, those guys were gems, man.
When I was there, they took the heat off those, especially in the leadership.
You know, like if something happened like Geno and LeTang,
they didn't skate back.
Is anybody calling them out after the game?
I don't know if they have that roster.
Back then, Nick Bonino would say something.
Patrick Hortwitz, he would have snapped on those guys.
And those guys love that.
They want that accountability.
Maybe at the Halloween party, Captain had a few cocktails,
a couple of Pink Whitney shots, and fucking told Gino,
you got to back check a little bit harder.
Maybe that's why.
Well, you've all been there.
You know, the truth serum, right?
You have a few drinks.
You're scared to say something to a guy, right, Miz?
Oh, yeah.
All of a sudden, boys start laughing.
A drunk man's words are a sober man's thoughts.
Yeah, that's right.
Exactly.
That's like what girls put on their AIM profile back in the day.
Tattoo.
It talks got a tattoo on his arse of that.
Quickly going one more question on Pittsburgh though.
You did mention Sid potentially like talking to the group or it doesn't
always have to be him.
I believe Sullivan spoke at practice and then afterward he left and then
Crosby addressed the group.
Now, how many times during your tenure with the Coyotes as assistant coach
did Sid speak up like that in practice?
Yeah, a few times.
Not a lot.
And Sid does it a different way.
You know, I'm sure different captains have different styles.
You know, Sid's not a yeller and screamer.
He's more matter-of-fact.
He probably put a lot of blame on himself, saying, hey, I got to be better, you know, Sid's not a yeller and screamer. He's more matter of fact. He probably put a lot of blame on himself saying, hey, I got to be better.
You know, things like that.
When a guy like that says you got to be better, oh, my God.
You know, the whole bottom six or the whole team says I got to play better.
So he's more of a, you know, he thinks before he talks.
You know, when I was a captain, I mean, I'd be screaming and yelling.
I didn't even know what I was saying half the time.
So Sid's a little bit different. And that's why he's a smart guy.
He's a terrific captain.
Is Berube a yeller?
Yeah, I think the other day, I don't know, on Twitter, didn't they count?
I saw that.
14 fucks or something.
And that's actually light for Chief.
That's actually light.
Yeah.
That's one head coach you don't want to fucking mess around
with man and then uh oh my hey what the hell yeah going back to the year they ended up winning it
and turn things around though is it time for a practice fight should there be a little bit of
bull in the ring action going on to get the little bit of pep in the step for the boys
well didn't that didn't happen for tu and I forget, was it Edmondson?
Somebody.
Stanford.
The year they won the cup.
Remember they were reeling?
It was around January, February, and they had a big brawl in the practice.
What happened?
They reeled off 15.
So maybe like Chief goes to Shannon and says, go sucker somebody.
Like do something to shake this thing.
But, yeah, no.
Listen, Biz had remember you
should tell the story we we went at it a little bit in the remember about the in the studio
remember where we were screaming at each other in the hallways remember i told you no because
you gotta scream at each other you gotta get in your people's faces to win stanley cups remember
i told you that yep no we were we were we were bitching at each other about a defensive back check.
And remember, Sully took talk side, I believe, correct?
Yeah, that's why he's lost six in a row.
No, but the best was Biz was screaming.
We were in their green room, and Winnie is our video guy.
He's never really done hockey before.
This guy was white as a ghost.
Biz is yelling at me.
I'm yelling at him.
And then we get to the four seasons.
And then we're in the hallway, right, Biz,
on the 15th floor screaming at each other.
There's people looking out their peephole seeing two Neanderthal cavemen going at it about a defensive zone back check.
But that's how passionate we are about the game, though.
And that's why I love working with you is because, like,
every time there's a goal score, like, Toc's never like,
oh, that's a great goal. He just shakes his head. You a great goal he just shakes his head you see the fucking d-man there you see the fucking
d-man and that's the coach taking over um kind of the same way I asked about Pittsburgh is there
anything in particular from talking to Berube that is sticking out about why they aren't winning
games and why they've I mean fuck they've they've given up I don't know how many goals in this last
little stretch here.
Looking back, it looks like the Huso move might've been the wrong one.
Yeah.
So if you look though, especially the last two, three, you know,
obviously Benzion hasn't been, hasn't been good.
Was he at eight 20 or eight 70 save percentage?
I'm not, I'm not totally his fault, but he has not played well.
And their D has changed their,
their dynamics and characters of their team has changed over the last couple of years.
If you look at it compared to what it was three, four years ago,
two years ago, I think that might have a little chink in the armor.
Ryan O'Reilly, who I love, you know, he's getting
I don't think he can play 18, 20 minutes and play that pace.
You know, he's a UFA this year.
He's struggled.
He's only got one goal. One point. What's that, you know, he's a UFA this, you know, the year is, you know, he struggles. He's always got one goal.
So you had those three.
What's that one point?
Oh yeah.
Yeah.
So you guys know, I think when you hit those three things happen,
goalie kind of the defense is a little different than it was.
And then, you know,
a couple of your older players aren't playing as well.
You're going to hit the skids.
I was reading,
I think Armstrong went in and did the media day recently because he's
i got all the time in the world for doug armstrong just a stand-up classy guy that's been around this
league for so long and he's like the players and the coach need a break here but he made a mention
of like the atmosphere that he's watching they don't seem they don't seem like hungry enough
you're watching the games they just
they go down it's just like woe is me he doesn't see that fight but he makes a good point saying
when they won the cup you know he waited forever and he doesn't want to make a move and give up on
a group that he loved a month ago and now you know he can't say he doesn't like him or believe in him
right yeah yeah i'm with you with doug armstrong he's not doug what i like about
armstrong he surrounds himself with he's not scared like he's got dave taylor there al mcginnis
you know at uh he's got some heavy hitters around him like some guys some gyms are scared to have
you know maybe guys want yes man they want yes man yeah doug doesn't want that and um and his
you know him and chief have a great relationship.
But, yeah, you're looking for a spark.
You know, you're looking for somebody to chase down a puck or, like, you know,
stop in front of the net on the other team.
Like, right from the beginning.
Like, there's little things I remember as a player when you're in the skids and you're not playing well that before the game you're going to go,
I don't care if I score a goal.
But every time I go to the net, I'm going to stop,
and I'm not going to move from the front of the net,
just to cause problems, to maybe wake the players up.
You're always looking for those guys to do that,
and that's what Doug's saying.
We're looking for somebody to step up, not just O'Reilly, the captain,
everybody.
What was that story you told me about?
Was it Keenan?
He kind of challenged you?
The one with the credit card at the end.
I'm just going to tee you up.
I got to hear this.
The boys need to hear it too.
So this was kind of one of those events where you feel like maybe you didn't
have your game where you knew you needed to do something.
Yeah.
So we were playing Calgary Flames.
And after the first period, I don't know, I didn't get my legs going.
I was just pissed at myself.
I'm coming off, you know, you know, that'm coming off that runway in Calgary to the dressing room,
a little bit of a walk.
And Brad McCrimmon and Mark Howard behind me, two great defensemen,
and Keenan was behind them.
And I'm kind of like, fuck you or whatever I'm saying.
And he goes, ah, shut up, you prima donna.
Well, I lost it.
And I turned around and I went after him.
And Howie and McCrimmon grabbed me.
I was literally going to beat him up.
I was so mad.
And, you know, he's, you know, scurrying away.
So the second period, he starts me.
I get in a fight.
You know, I get out of the box.
I get in three fights.
I get kicked out.
So after the game, we win the game four to three,
and we were down two to nothing.
You know, I had the long  you know, thanks for the profile pic, by the way.
I had the long hair, right? So I got the the blow dryer going and keenan comes up to me i
got the towels and he slaps me the ass he goes hey here's the credit card take the boys out for
drinks and i flipped it i threw the card back i would say don't worry i'll pay my own i'll pay
for the boys with my own cash i was pissed off at him but that's a power move yeah and that but
that was keenan man that's mike keenan he liked
that shit yeah keep your own air miles prima donna get the fuck out of my get the fuck out of my
blow drying time yeah well i didn't make the hey i didn't make much money and we're at that that bar
used to be the bank i didn't make much money that i said i wish i grabbed that credit card yeah yeah
he was probably like oh fuck i win we won the game and I don't have to pay. Yeah, right.
That's too good. I want to go to maybe you talk about like getting involved with the fights
and stuff like that.
There were a couple incidences that happened.
Michael Rupp was on Twitter and very vocal about the one with Austin Matthews
and your former Philadelphia Flyers in which Connect Me took a run at Matthews.
He wasn't necessarily crazy about Matthews' body language.
You play with the Flyers, so you had seven guys on your team
who would have jumped in to help a guy who was of MVP caliber.
What do you think of Matthews in that instant?
Do you think that he needs to drop the mitts there and show something?
No, I don't think he has to drop it.
Obviously, people are coming on, and he's by himself.
He's got to get in there.
Don't get me wrong.
And that's just  I don't know if I agree with Rupp.
I understand what Rupp is saying.
Listen, he's a 60-goal scorer.
The problem I have if you're a  I call them fire starters.
If you cause the problem and then you go  I've played with those guys.
They start it, and then they're picking up quarters in the corner.
I can't stand that.
If you're going to start it, you better be in there.
I don't know if Matthews  I've got to look at it again.
I mean, he diagrammed it right every second.
I mean, Konecki's out there.
He's frustrated.
He's a little bit of a pest, right?
I don't think it was that bad.
I'll be honest with you.
To be honest.
And you know why he scored 60 goals?
Like, Mary LeVue, man, if he's  listen, he's getting me 50 goals, man.
I'll do anything for that guy.
So I understand Bunting and Giordano.
They're going to get in there.
But if Matthews starts it and then he's  you know,
and there's four against five, then I have a problem with him.
The other incident I was just going to bring up, quickly talk,
was with Hyman and Jamie Benn.
Now, maybe not Hyman against Benn, but he belittled him on the ice knocked the stick out of his hands and
flicked it away somebody this could be a potential meeting come playoff time with the way that Dallas
is playing you got to send the message not Hyman but somebody else has to grab Ben there or on a
following shift.
Yeah, I agree with you.
But here's the thing.
It doesn't happen as much nowadays, but back in the day,
and I'll tell you, my good buddy Craig Berube was the best.
If that happens, I'm going after their star.
I'm going after Robertson.
I'm going to go grab him.
Like, if you want to do that, and listen,
Hyman's a different situation because, you know, he's a good player, but but he's not a star player but if you have a guy taking advantage of somebody sometimes don't even go fight their tough guy go go after the another star player that's what i would do that
we used to do that back in the day it's a warning to their bench you know you know you know i know
craig bruby a real quick story we played the rangers last game of the year we were going to
playoffs they weren't remember a guy named Dale Puritan?
Oh, yeah.
Oh, yeah.
He used to have Puritan tattooed on his back.
Well, they called him the Purifier.
He was skating around warm-up, and, you know, you stretch out.
It was a nothing game for us.
And Keith Jones is stretching, and he's yelling at Puritan,
hey, Purifier, try this guy, Berube, right?
And Chief's like, come on, that's the last game of the year.
I don't want to fight this goofball, right?
Well, anyways, long, short, he starts running around.
So Chief stops in the middle of the game, goes to the Rangers bench,
and goes to Brian Leach, the Hall of Fame defense.
Hey, Leachie, I'm going to fight this clown,
but I'm going to tell you right now, I'm going to fight you first.
And he pointed to the whole bench. Brian Leach got off the bench and told puritan settle down puritan do it didn't
do anything all game to the last shift and then he went wild and that's a true story bring it back
to the old get me knocked out that's exactly what happened that's the game policing itself and i
fucking love that shit oh but i also loved the
i i actually loved that ben because it looked for a minute like they were buddies i kind of loved
that he's like fuck you like there was there was also the whole we hate the buddy buddy stuff biz
and ben didn't give a shit yeah it looked like there was a bit of tummy sticks going on so maybe
yeah after hyman put his arm around him maybe maybe that's when he was like, hey.
But didn't Hyman drill somebody before that, a hit?
I didn't see that game.
Yeah, I think  I know it was a clean-up, but he buried some guy.
I think that's why it kind of started  escalated to that effect, I think.
So I want to just quickly go back to St. Louis.
I know we moved on with those
I just wanted to talk to you about those two specific topics because you played with Lemieux
and I'm not I'm not comparing Lemieux to Austin Matthews but they obviously have a very high
echelon of caliber so should he be answering his own bell but uh back to St. Louis if they are not
or a bubble team or maybe outside of a playoff picture do you see them maybe moving on
from Tara Sankin or O'Reilly before before the deadline like could you see that I mean I'd be
shocked if they're a month from now we're talking about this team is out of the race like they have
a they have a good group of forwards there that's the one thing I like about their team I remember
as we talked I was bullish on them um the defense i'm a little
nervous now because there's some characteristics but i mean at christmas time i mean if if you see
if you know if o'reilly's really struggling uh teresanko yeah i think you have to visit that
teresanko is a ufa um both of them are right yeah i i think uh you know you hate to say it because
you know they've meant so much of the blues opera you know, but, you know, you're in the business of winning.
You know, when do you pull the plug?
I think I think I'm with you.
I really like their team and like Cairo.
No assist.
It's like this is this is bound to change, I would think.
So if I'm a Blues fan, I'm not hitting the panic button yet.
Now, talk to me in two weeks if they if they go two and six in the next two weeks.
Then it's like, holy shit, right?
Yeah.
Well, I want to ask you guys, like, Kairou and Thomas were so good last year,
and they've struggled a little bit.
I know that, you know, analytics, I think they turned the puck over most on their team.
I think young players, I'm not saying it was easy for them last year,
but they did come out pretty well.
I mean, Kyrie was an all-star, and Thomas played great for them.
Maybe they've got to dial it back a bit and start playing more of a team game
to get out of this funk.
It's not about  there's a certain time to be creative and do your thing,
but there's certain times to play the team system.
So maybe those guys, maybe they need a little help.
And as a veteran guy, when you're not playing well,
it's tough for you to go to the young guy and tell him what to do.
That's tough too.
One takeaway is Perron was severely underrated in his time there.
I think that they're really, really missing him right now.
Not only power play, but just you talked about that compete
and maybe the lack of fight that you're not seeing, guys.
I think that that's a guy who would bring him in the battle.
Biz, you're right.
You've got to have those  and I'm a David Perron fan.
I had him in Pittsburgh.
He's a feisty guy, even in practice.
Sometimes you need those players to drag people in practice.
Sometimes you have fluff practices for two, three days.
Eventually you need a guy to  hey, one-on-ones in front of the net.
You know, somebody gets a stick up, maybe there's a little bit of a pushing and shoving.
I'm not saying fight your teammate and knock a guy out, but it's okay to be feisty.
And I like those guys in practice.
Every once in a while, they drag everybody, and all of a sudden, it's more businesslike in practice.
I want to go back to Austin Maddox for a sec talk.
I mean, Rob said that his cool card will wear thin in the room.
Like basically like if he keeps doing that,
all the guys are going to get sick of it.
Is that something you believe in?
Like if he does this one, two, three more times,
guys are going to like kind of roll their eyes at it,
even though he's, you know,
the best player on the team and a 60 goal scorer.
Yeah, I know what you're saying.
I think a guy like, like I'm a guy like Jared Daniels, he's a warrior.
He was 38 years old and has played a lot of years.
He's the type of guy, if he thinks it's a problem, he'll grab him.
You know, hey, away from the rink, hey, Austin, maybe do this and that.
I don't think he's afraid to say that.
You need those older guys.
Even as a star player, Wayne Gretzky, he had Lee Fogel
and the older guys back in the day pull him aside.
You know, Gretzky's getting six points a game, and they went and talked to him
about that. I think there's a time and place, and that's why
leadership is so important, having those guys that can just say the right thing
at the right moment. Do you feel like toughness is disappearing too much? It's never going to go completely
away. We're talking about these guys not wanting to fight, but then we look at a guy like Tanner Janot
in Vancouver Saturday night. They're down
three-nothing. He gets a fight a minute in the
second period. Actually gets the extra...
I'm sorry. Taylor Myers got the extra two.
He gets a power play. Nashville comes
back, ties the game, wins in a shootout, all because of
this young kid fight. Do you think
we're going to see maybe more of this with other teams because
it still matters in this game? Yeah, it does.
That's a perfect example of that guy.
There's not a lot of those guy, those type of guys.
You know, the guy can score 25 and also fight 10 times a year.
And like I said, change the momentum.
Team's sleeping.
You know, I'm not saying go and hack guys and get a stupid penalty,
but go in there and cause some problems.
Now the other team starts to think, hey, we're up 3-0.
You know, Myers gets the other two.
Nashville starts, you know, all of a sudden the guys are at bench going,
hey, man, I better wake up.
Can't be always the coach.
So I love those guys.
And I don't think you'll ever get that out of the
I hope those guys don't go out of the game.
I mean, that's part of the reason I watch hockey.
I don't want to watch power play games all night.
I don't want to watch  hey, listen, I like a 6-5 game as good as anybody.
But I want to see some, you know, I want to see some good, tough hockey
where you're defending right or there's a battle in front game as good as anybody but i want to see some you know i want to see some good tough hockey where
you're defending right or there's a battle in front where if a guy's scoring a goal you know
it's it's a tough goal um but i also want to see matthews go through or uh mcdavid go through five
guys and score i love that too so um i we just got to be careful we don't keep changing the rules
all the time so we got you know we make these games where it's you know it's it's all-star game hockey and and guys are like dinosaurs who do that you you look at the like the next coming
of christ when this wi-fi in in in montreal everybody's raving about him where it was like
every team would have one guy one new player a year that was going around running around like
a madman willing to scrap anyone just to have a job in the national hockey league level and i think that they're they're almost alienating them at the minor levels and
and even like let's say ohl in the junior ranks because you can't if you fight five times you're
i think you're like out of the league they put you in prison like hannibal lecter with the
fucking mask on so no i i don't mean to laugh but i agree with you like i i think especially
no because we talk about this.
Even, like, guys that are tougher guys, they still got to be developed.
And you can still play them.
Like, I think the days of guys sitting on the bench and not playing,
I mean, I hate that.
I used to hate when guys sit on the bench for a minute.
And, you know, you got to develop those guys.
And I think there's a way of developing a tough guy like that Wi-Fi guy,
you know, Milan Lucic.
You know, like, you know, guys like that,
they can still pass the puck, you know, they can still make a play.
And I always tell tough guys too, a guy that can fight, you know,
especially the last five years, if you can fight,
but if you can be really good in your own end and be a penalty killer,
you're going to be paying the mortgage for a few years. You know,
if you're just going to be fighting, you're not going to play in the league.
I get it. But these tough guys, DeLorean, you know, if you're just going to be fighting, you're not going to play in the league. I get it. But these tough guys, DeLorea, you know, the best thing that Anaheim did, getting him was put him on the PK.
Now he's a penalty killer.
Torts loves him.
You know, the other night he praised that line.
It was the best line out there.
You know, him, McEwen, I think it was Frost.
The best line in Ottawa.
Man, that's a good line, right?
And they play.
You know, they're not going to play 18 minutes, but they're going to be out there, and they're not going to
sit the bench. And Nick Delorier,
if somebody does something,
he's out there, and nobody wants to fight that guy.
Yeah, and for the 12
minutes he's going to play, the other teams, D, are going
to have their arseholes puckered up the entire
night.
The Flyers guys, not to
get off topic, but they're playing with balls.
They're grit.
Yeah, they're getting outshot.
And Carter Hart, he probably is the MVP with McDavid right now.
I mean, I'd vote for  he's got to be
like, you had to vote for the MVP of the league.
It's, you know, obviously Connor McDavid, but he's right there.
This guy's incredible this year.
But their team's playing with balls.
And I think that's why they've had the success they've had so far.
I would love to be a goalie and have Torts the coach of my team
because he's making sure everyone blocks shots, and that's true.
Before my last question to you,
I'll say about the physicality and the fighting,
you would think it'd be the opposite with the way the game's going,
but there is no better time than now for a 15 or a 14 or 15 year old kid to
be able to say,
I'm going to,
I'm going to end up,
I'm going to be a motherfucker on the ice.
I'm going to be dirty.
People hate hearing it.
And I'm going to be willing to fight because there's no better time now for
a guy like that to get into the NHL and make some money.
Cause there's so few of them.
They all want to score tick tock goals.
I know.
But if there's a couple of kids who are like,
Hey, I'm going to just absolutely be a prick,
then they'll make some dough.
My last question to you is...
Let's do a spit and chickle hockey school
where we just breed mutants.
Yeah.
Yup. Yup. I don't hate that.
R.A. can teach him how to like...
Actually, I'm not even going to say that.
Talk.
This, you know, we're whatever, 10 to 15 games in.
Give me your cup final right now
oh man that's a tough one because i know if biz knows how way i am you know we every i hate me
that we change our narratives every week on this i told you this team's gonna play grand all of a
sudden next time i think i'm all like i i yeah yeah busy you're you're you're on the roller
coaster if i go on six different uh shows, I do six different finals.
Just that way I can hit one of them.
But I am impressed.
I mean, they got the goaltender, right?
I mean, I love that, Andre.
And they've slotted.
It seems like guys are slotted there.
And they seem to  hey, listen, I could see them being the final four now.
But I'm not ready to crown them yet.
I mean, there's still plenty of hockey left.
You know, in the other divisions, in the East, I mean,
I'm not ready to give it to Boston.
Boston's, you know, obviously had a hell of a start, but, I mean, you know,
I'm not going to say they're going to be in the finals either.
All right, get your hand out of your pants.
Hey, how about Robertson, by the way?
Mrs. Camp, I think he's already got 19 points.
That kid.
Speaking of MVP candidates.
Yeah.
Holy shit.
He's silky, man.
He's one of those guys, you know, all right.
He reminds me a little bit of nifty Middleton, you know, Rick.
He's this kind of, he's in and out.
He scores like weird goals and he's, he's a very talented guy,
but he's a very silky player.
I wonder if that drives the play, too.
Ray, I want to ask you one.
If you do get back behind the bench,
what is your philosophy going to be
when one of your players gets hit in a hard, clean check
and one of your other players goes after the guy?
What's your take on that?
Do you want your players doing that,
or does it depend on the situation or what?
Well, it depends on personality, right?
Some guys just don't have it in them.
And nowadays as a coach, back in the day, you could give it to a player.
You've got to get out there and fight.
You'll get sued now.
You're very conscious about that.
No, I'm not being serious.
I mean, I obviously would preach team toughness.
Your player's in there.
We've got to get in there.
I mean, there's a way of doing it.
But, you know, hopefully your GM supplies you with some guys, you know,
is there Tanner Joe knows out there that can,
that can help you out and play that and drag people in. That's, you know,
even a guy like Codry, he's a pain in the ass to play. He'll bury,
he'll hit you, but also score. I mean,
those are good guys to have on your, in your locker room. But as a coach,
yeah, you, I mean, man, you can't, you can't have guys out to dry, you know,
and your star player taking a beating, you gotta, you gotta stick up.
And that might be, you know, if a guy doesn't have that personality,
go after the other player's best player. Sometimes that works and you know,
make it uncomfortable. And sometimes as a player, it's uncomfortable.
If you're not a guy and I'm not preaching fighting,
but do something that you've never used to. It's uncomfortable to you.
Spoken like a true flyer.
I love it.
I fucking love it.
Talk.
You're the best.
We appreciate you coming.
I know you and Biz are going to dinner right now,
so get your wallet ready and have a blast.
We'll catch up with you soon.
Charles Barkley's paying tonight.
Yeah, you love Hawk.
Well, you see the deal he got?
He's paying.
You're exactly right.
Oh, Biz, you drank seven mull right. Speaking about paying mortgages,
he's going to be paying mine after that fucking Connie.
All right, boys.
Good to see you.
Talk.
Thanks so much.
See you, buddy.
Once again, big thanks to our buddy,
Tark, for jumping on with us.
Always a pleasure to talk to our guy, Tark.
Knows his stuff.
Hopefully he gets behind the bench soon.
Okay, before we go any further,
here's a word from our friends at Sport Clips. Sport Clips Haircuts has developed an all-new
relaxing blend of chamomile, lavender, and eucalyptus for their hot steamed towel. If you
want to try this new scent, you've got to make sure and ask for the MVP haircut experience.
It comes with a hot towel, a massaging shampoo, and of course, a great looking haircut.
Doesn't matter if you're balding or you have the noggin of a Sasquatch.
Sport Clips stylists have been specifically trained to cut men's hair.
They're literally seen it all.
Just another reason why Sport Clips is the pros in men's hair.
Biz, Columbus and Colorado went to Finland last week, had a couple games.
No surprise.
Colorado dusted them, outscored them 11-4.
Blue Jays have lost five straight.
They're dead last in the NHL.
Their preseason expectations weren't high, but they're 3-9.
They've lost all nine losses in regulation.
They're a cap team.
I mean, what's the future of this team?
Is Jamal going to have to make moves?
What kind of moves can he make?
What do you think of the situation here with Columbus?
Well, I didn't think they were going to be this bad.
I actually did.
I told you to shut up when I think it was R.A.
You might have said, oh, they're going to be brutal in the predictions.
And I was like, hey, pipe down.
They got Johnny Ham and Cheese working the PP with our boy Laine,
the fashionista of the National hockey league but this is fucking
ugly this is this is where i i expected chicago to be at and playing like and there were some
pretty strong comments coming out of columbus and i think it might have even been patrick liney
himself who said i'm about the trip entirely yeah uh he said it sucks i'm kind of wishing that this
trip had never happened after this i feel like it was just a waste of time for said it sucks i'm kind of wishing that this trip had never happened after
this i feel like it was just a waste of time for us it sucks that's all i've got to say well yeah
you you guys got trounced in both games i'm sure the abs didn't hate it that much they probably had
a time and a half after they sweat mckinnon had about 40 points in the two games then they went
out just lit up helsinki yeah yeah the Blue Jackets are licking their wounds
after getting trounced and dummied two games in a row
in Line A's home country.
So I understand why he's furious.
These trips are tough, though.
You look at it, and it just crushes the
it crushes like the  you could almost say 10 days to two weeks
of these guys because even the
abs when they get back you're just you're just on people who've traveled uh you know over to europe
it's it's a kick in the dick when you get home it's not that bad when you get there it's getting
home trying to get back into the swing of things it's also it's also a little bit easier to go
start the year because usually you go over there and you get settled in a little bit you play an exhibition game against whatever country's team wants to play you like a local
team or whatever what have you um and then on top of that when you get back you usually get a few
extra days in order to settle in we saw it with nashville when they played san jose but look at
how nashville's played since they've been back. So you mentioned that jet lag and how much it factors in.
I know we are still in the beginning parts of the season,
but I think it's a little bit bush league to ask the guys to go over there
and they put this show on.
Now, to compliment the venue and the fans and how everything went,
it looked like it was a riot.
And the European hockey fans bring a different type of
energy regardless come playoff time than regular season they stand up they do the chance and it
looked very lively another point that was brought up i think my buddy jeff brought it up when we
were talking about this episode uh was nfl teams when they go do it about 90 to 95 percent of the
time they have the bye week the following
week so they do have time in order to recuperate but in an 82 game season to make the guys go
through this and then have a guy who just traveled to his home country deliver the message that
patrick liney did i know he might be poopy pants about the loss but i think that now that we got
the world cup of hockey coming back i don't
think that you need to emphasize these european games as much as they've been doing in the past
that's just my opinion do it do it with these special tournaments in order to grow the game
internationally fuck maybe even put a division over there over time i know the nfl's thinking
about it but as far as putting these guys through this in order to get two games,
I don't know.
I don't agree with it
in the midst of the season. Maybe to start the year.
And that's coming from a guy who did it.
Maybe later in the year?
Was it Friday, Saturday, or Saturday,
Sunday, R.A.? Friday, Saturday,
and then the next game's Thursday
here in North America. That's too much.
Even the Saturday game, college football is on.
It's on at like 2 o'clock.
Nobody's watching it around here, I don't think.
I know, granted, it isn't for the people here,
but when you go back to the Blue Jackets,
you hate to put it all on goaltending, which I'm not doing,
but Hormer's, Leakins, I mean, his save percentage is 863 corpus salo just came back played his first
game in finland he got lit up and then uh tarasov was was piece played five of the games he's 893
so it's like they're not getting a save goudreau's got five goals the next highest score has got
three it's just a it's an ugly situation right now man full cylinder hasn't scored yet that's
a young kid coming off a really good rookie season.
It's just everything.
It's a host of horrors.
It is good to go start the year there from a team bonding standpoint,
like right at the beginning.
I actually did it with Pittsburgh, and then we did it in Prague
when I was playing with the Coyotes when we played against Boston.
But also in the same breath, put a better matchup.
Why not give them a full week off afterward?
Why don't you send Connor McDavid against McKinnon?
Why are you teeing up a Stanley Cup champion?
Because they don't want to waste the gate for those two
because in the road cities they go to, it's such a huge deal
that they don't want to force the Blue Jackets fans
not to get to see McDavid that season.
You know what I mean?
Okay, so they punished what?
Each team gets a home game over there.
So, I mean, look at the Avs gate.
They're selling out every game.
I mean, Nashville probably sells out or close to sells out every game.
Yeah.
I'd rather see two juggernauts. I mean, Nashville probably sells out or close to sells out every game. So, yeah.
I'd rather see two juggernauts go at it so it would get more focus.
I think that when Gretzky was in his heydays, they would send him to do all these games.
Gretzky was telling me he'd play in like 11 exhibition games to go grow the game.
So why not put two beasts against each other instead of just teeing one up for a blow that nobody wants to watch?
I think the idea is to have guys from those countries or those areas to play
in front of the home crowd.
That's why, you know, we had Lion-A, we had Mikko Rantanen on Colorado,
Tori Lekkonen.
So there were a lot of Finns playing in this.
You know, it was a big deal over there for the Finns.
I think it's based more on that than non-Saxon other countries.
I'm sure Finland appreciated Laine's comments.
Back to the Xbox.
Yeah, I think they know that was probably maybe about the whole season.
But on the outside, Mikko Randen lit up his homeland.
Patrick in one game, three goals, two assists, five points,
two games total.
Fellow Finn, Turi Lekkonen, added a goal.
Nate Dogg had seven assists.
Makai had a goal and four assists.
Actually, Nate Dogg was the second star of the week.
And this was a pretty cool story.
Czech teammate Martin Kaut, I'm not sure if I'm saying that right,
he had a goal and an assist.
His first points since February of 2020.
Well, his mother, his father, and his girlfriend's parents
came from the Czech Republic.
It was his father's first time ever seeing him play in the NHL. He's only
seen him in the AHL and other leagues. So that
was a pretty cool story. They got to go see him there. Not
the home country, but pretty cool stuff.
And I forget what I said. Forget what I said.
Every team should have to go play a game
over there. Forget what I said.
Just delete it, G. Unfortunately, we
also have some sad news from Colorado
this week. Peter McNabb, he's been there announ also have some sad news from Colorado this week.
Peter McNabb, he's been there announces since the team moved to Colorado.
He was a longtime Bruin here in Boston, a guy I love to watch play.
He passed away at 70 years old.
He was diagnosed with cancer last year.
He actually kept working through his treatments.
You know, he could see he was sick, but he kept coming to work every day. And then apparently the cancer came back recently and we lost him suddenly over the weekend.
And, you know, guys, we do lose people in the world and hockey world or whatever.
And you have to go online and read the tributes.
But there was something different about Peter's tributes.
They were so heartfelt.
They were so nice.
The people took their time to write about it.
You know, Adrian Data from Denver, he wrote a beautiful piece.
Peter Baugh, he writes for The Athletic.
He just started covering hockey two years ago. And he wrote a beautiful piece. Peter Barr, he writes for The Athletic. He just started covering hockey two years ago,
and he wrote this beautiful piece about him.
I had tears in my eyes reading it, just the way he conveyed
how much Peter was nice to him.
And everybody around this guy loved the guy,
and it was just such a sad loss.
And we just want to, again, extend our deepest condolences
to his family, his friends, the Avalanche family.
I don't know if you guys ever had the run-ins with them
or interactions with them over the years.
Just seeing them around the rink.
And like you mentioned, R.A., the amount of people,
the outpouring of just messages about how unreal of a guy he was
and just a true beauty.
And it's a very, very difficult loss for the entire hockey community.
Everyone, the message I loved, different tweets I read,
that he loved the game of hockey so much.
And then, like, so when you're around him at the rink,
you could just sense that every day he, like, couldn't believe.
Not only was it his job as a player, now he was still in the game.
He was still doing the broadcasting.
And he was so happy to be a part of the game of hockey
that I think people who covered other teams and played for other teams just appreciated
how happy he was every day at the rink.
And that's what it's all about.
So rest in peace.
We feel so sorry for his family and friends.
But what a legacy he left behind, right?
And the shitty thing is, it's like we've mentioned this many times in the show.
You hear 70 years old, and it's like you get older it's not that old like i i know that sounds crazy
you know everyone out listening you know a lot of 70 year olds they're not that old they're doing
great it's like just gone too soon but what a guy it seemed like he was i didn't know him personally
but you're right all right it was really special to read what people really thought about him as
a friend and and kind of a co-worker.
Yeah, my favorite number eight in black and gold back in the 70s.
And, you know, Godspeed, Maxie.
Everybody loved your pal.
Okay, got to move along right now.
The Florida Panthers are going to go on, too.
They made the biggest trade of the offseason.
Haven't exactly been set in the world on fire, but the player they did trade for has Matthew Kachuk.
Five goals, 12 assists, 30 penalty minutes in his 12 games so far.
The Cats, like I said, 75.
What'd you say?
Anna Kornia.
Anna Kornia.
I don't know what that means.
I thought, isn't a Kornia like part of your eye?
Kornia.
Kornia, yeah.
Well, you're listing off his listening off i thought you were talking about
anna kornikova i was like that's what i did yeah i did really i want to know you
anna kornikova by the way i think she's still married to uh
she bangs she bangs enrique iglesias you will be my hero baby mart I think I said Ricky Martin. Ricky Martin. Pretty sure it wasn't Ricky Martin.
Anyways.
He's fucking Eric Kornikova.
Yeah, he is.
Yeah, he is.
Panthers, they haven't won or lost
more than two in a row. 7-5-1.
15 points. Only a point back
a second place, but like I said,
they haven't ran away with it. And then, what was it?
Sunday night or Saturday night,
we're watching Matthew Kachuk, who we're going to bring on shortly.
And he's mixing up with Jonathan Quick at the front of the net.
And he may or may not have got the stick in his eye intentionally.
Well, the league thought he did.
They gave him a two-game suspension.
We just discussed that a few minutes before that.
Any final thoughts on the Panthers before we send it over to Chuck, boys?
They're mid.
So mid.
Just mid.
I got their nine fans coming at me online too you're mid fans too scrubs all right on that note uh we're gonna send it over
to our pal matthew kachuk our interview today is brought to you by our friends at cross-country
mortgage they've been a great partner of chicklets for a while now. CCM listens, understands, and communicates
throughout the entire loan process.
And they provide a ton of options
customized to your financial situation
using innovative technology.
They have faster closing times than their competitors,
stable monthly payments, and low to no down payments.
Plus, you can use your and low to no down payments.
Plus, you can use your existing equity to use for larger things like debt consolidation or home renovation, which I'm in the middle of right now.
See if you qualify today.
Visit ccm.com slash barstool.
Once again, that's ccm.com slash barstool.
nmcm.com slash barstool cross country mortgage llc nmls 3029 all loans subject to underwriting approval nmls consumer access.org all right it's time to bring on our guest yet another new member
of the three-timers club this winger was involved in one of the biggest nhl trades in years this
past summer when he went from calgary to Florida and a block busted deal.
And he's had an immediate impact leading the Panthers with 16 points and 11
games, as well as 18 penalty minutes.
Thanks so much for coming back on the spit and chicklets podcast.
Matthew could check.
How you doing pal?
How's the new gig treating you?
I'm great.
I'm having a blast three times.
Jesus.
Keeps getting better each time.
Catching up with your brother.
Hey, not part of the trade, orchestrated the trade.
Am I correct?
Am I correct, Matthew?
Yeah.
Yeah.
I wasn't in the package.
Hey, do you feel like you can at least let it fly a little bit more when talking to media
members now that you're not playing in canada i mean yeah i don't do it as daily um there's
still like lots down there in florida and like a lot more than i was expecting but um it's just
more of a relaxed situation it's not as hectic all the time.
So it's been just very nice for me.
Matthew,
Florida was your top choice for the sign and trade,
by the way,
first ever sign and trade the NHL,
obviously the weather and taxes are pluses,
but what other factors made you want to go there?
So bad Florida.
I think in the position I was in,
I just wanted to win now and in the future,
like number one.
And the core here is all a similar age.
So we're going to be together for a while.
And we're having success right now.
I think we should be having way more than we have been.
We're having to get the results, but I think we have,
I know Whit disagrees, but we have a really good team.
Yes.
I saw the other day.
This guy's a clown.
He's the new clown of the podcast.
I took off the nose and gave it to him.
No, no, no.
Trust me.
Biz's nose hasn't gone anywhere.
We can tell by looking at it.
That clown nose will be there forever.
No, but even coming down here before training camp,
the amount of skill and speed and talent that's down here is unbelievable.
And we're going to be together for a long, long time.
So that's what intrigued me the most, just having that core together for a long, long time. So that's what intrigued me the most is having that core together for a while,
having a chance every year.
Let's be honest, boys, it's the best place in the NHL to live.
Not even close either.
Have you gotten a sports car yet?
No, I'm not.
I'm not into that stuff.
I'm not.
I'm not flashy.
I guess the one thing I did get was a golf cart that i basically drive everywhere
so it's uh it's a it's a nice one that uh it's basically my car i take it everywhere except for
the rink the rink's like 20 minutes away so um it's just the whole lifestyle everyone's so happy
everybody wants to come visit me like i've got lots of people that couldn't come as much when
i was in calgary which has been really nice so far. And I mean, and I wear sandals every day. It's not, it's not terrible.
Have they announced when it'll be ready?
Aren't they building like this unreal new practice facility right in
Lauderdale?
Yeah. So it's, it's like a mile from my, my place that I bought,
but they don't, and we're doing everything there other than the game.
So like in pregame skates, like that's going to be where everything's at.
So it's going to be easy for me,
but it was supposed to be ready this year and just everything's been backed up
with ordering stuff from like other countries or I really don't even know what
the problem is. So now it's supposed to be ready in March,
which probably means we'll have to wait until next year, but it'll be sick.
Any golf cart gangs going on
with yans down there yans was a little too far for me where uh yeah for us to like be riding
together and being you know the old neighborhood watch crew together on the golf carts but i've
seen him a bunch he's he's been like one of the guys that's helped me out the most like off-lice
with stuff and um all the players and and staff absolutely love i actually heard the funniest story about him the other day i guess
here we go no like and i've hung out with him a ton while i've been down there i've golfed with
him a bunch but the trainers just absolutely love him to death and uh the equipment guys were
telling me that before every game the last couple years of his career he would look at the stat sheet
before and go to say go to arizona and you'd find out the least amount of games a player had
on that team and ask them for a stick and the kid would be like why does he want my stick
and he'd be like well can he give me one back and yans would be like i don't sign on game days oh my god oh my god imagine the youngest guy on every team just getting punked
by yo hey hey two games in now i know why danny heatley asked for one of my side sticks because
i was the butt of his fucking joke when he was in san jose heater did heater asked for one of my
sticks i'm like and then he probably made up some excuse at the time.
I'm like,
why the fuck is Danny Healy asked me for a stick?
So I got hook,
line and cigarette with that too.
They're laughing about me in their group chat right now.
My favorite part though,
is like when they asked him for one back,
he goes,
nah,
I just,
I don't sign on game day.
Unbelievable.
That is too good.
Yeah.
But he's taken me up,
up golfing at his, his place at MJ's course. That is too good. Yeah, but he's taken me up golfing at his place at MJ's course.
It's been great.
He's got me all the hookups down in South Florida
from making my life very easy.
That's what it's all about.
Your brother's golf game is an absolute disgrace, by the way.
I'll give you just a chance to just crush Brady for a minute.
I mean, even he's admitting.
I was actually laughing because my buddy brought up to me on the course the other day that he said,
I believe he said, Ronnie Tugnut Polk.
What did he say?
He has like different terms for his slice and his hooks and shit.
Yeah, he'll say like Ric Flair, Tuggy Wade.
I'm convinced he like tries to be bad so he can say those.
I'm convinced.
He wants to be able to say, rick flared that one god he's got all the talent in the world too like the body
for it like the length he just he crushes it he just i'm convinced he tries to be bad so he can
say that say that stuff uh yeah hopefully next time he's a true entertainer oh my god that's
all he is it's all he is we uh when we
had him on we tried to ask him about that situation and uh i don't know if it's a pool
or a like a little fountain out front of this bar yeah he he wouldn't dive into the story i don't
know if it was because he was too tired because he just finished uh fitness testing with the
ottawa senators but what no he's he's the the captain. You can't give you guys all the details.
That's what it is.
It's in Canada. They'll run with it.
You're an assistant, so perfect. Let's let it rip.
I'm an assistant in Florida. I could say anything.
Right?
There really wasn't much to
a story. I mean, we go to, I'm sure,
Whitnows, Trader Ed's every summer, and
we like to rip it up there.
We've always got a great crew
during this uh member guest golf tournament that heads there um it was just one of those days where
like everything just a perfect day like my partner one of my best buddies luke back in st louis got
a hole-in-one so we are just hold tilt and uh i think it had something to do with like the bar
tab or a few free rounds
or I don't even know what it was like trying to get them like a hole in one
free round. And it just escalated into Brady being like, well,
I'm going to beat you in this pool right now in a straightaway race for the
tab or something. The guy's like, I've never lost.
And Brady went in there and he's seven feet four and he just crushed
him the whole length of the pool.
It was one of those where the whole bar stopped.
The music stopped. We had
an announcer.
It was insane. That was a
great day. It's just so funny.
People had no idea who he was in the
pool. It makes me laugh.
Yeah, that was him.
If she was doing that nod, it would me laugh that, yeah, that was him. She was doing that nod.
It would be channel one news, you know, but that's why I was the best part.
Well, you, I'll give you a chance also to pump his tires.
Just before we really get into you,
it seems like last year he made a big step on like points per game ish,
like his production.
And then this year you guys might have a race on your hands.
He's got 15 points in 10 games.
I think you're 16 and 11.
So you could totally see this guy taking off, like 90-point guy.
You see that in his future?
I do.
But he does it playing a hard style.
He's the best power forward in the NHL right now.
Like the pure power in his game.
And he hits, he fights, he scores.
He's playing them the other day in Florida.
He's almost impossible to play against and contain. I'm very proud of him.
He's he continues to work at it every summer.
And he always had the offense,
but maybe not the offense that some of the other guys throughout the league
had, but he's putting it all together. And yeah, he's,
he's going to score 41 year. He's going to,
he's going to do all that stuff and he's probably going to do it while
fighting 10 times. Like he's, there's, there's nobody,
there's nobody in the NHL like him anymore. And he's, yeah, he's,
he's just, he's the most legit power forward.
We have in the league right now.
You said he works out in the summer.
Is he also doing like jujitsu or anything like body wise
to like for positioning in front of the net like what type of drills is he doing specifically for
power forward stuff he actually did a few jiu-jitsu things i'm pretty sure this summer
now that you say that but he's just strong and he doesn't really do a ton of weights
really anymore it's like a lot of i don't know mobility stuff trying to be healthy i mean he's naturally strong like he he doubles everything i do in the gym that i'm pushing it as hard as i
can so um he's he's a freak and i think with us it's a lot about quickness it's a lot about
durability the way we play and i don't know we continue to work at it on ice i mean his skating
is he can fly now i mean he always was a solid skater, but now he can fly.
He looks like he has an extra step right now.
He just looks bigger than everybody, too.
Like, it'd be nice to be that big.
So I'm jealous of that.
Matt, do you guys still chat pretty regularly,
even though you're division rivals now?
Yeah, we talk all the time.
You know, when we were playing against them the other day,
like, it's definitely different playing them now than when I was in Calgary.
I mean, these games mean a lot more.
We're up 2-0 in the game.
He just runs one of my teammates, pissed me right off.
Like it's little stuff like that that he would have never done before,
like playing out in Calgary.
But these games mean a ton.
So, I mean, I would have done the same thing if I was in the same position.
But, I mean, I'm not going to do anything. No one is going done the same thing if I was in the same position but um I mean
I'm not gonna do anything no he's gonna kick my ass if I even try so um no no it's it's definitely
different it's super different but we still talk all the time very proud when we got the whole
family to come down to Florida it's weird now that I'm in Florida everybody wants to come to
the games now so um we had a big crew down uh last, so we got to hang out all day Friday with them.
And they actually stayed over Saturday after. So had a little little party after that as well.
So I'm lucky that everybody can come down four times now instead of two.
Well, getting getting into you and like it's amazing to see the start you've had.
Not surprising after last year, but I kind of want to go back there quick in that.
What a monster season, right?
You put up 100 points.
You don't miss a game in the regular play 82 games.
And I'm wondering, like.
When you found out Goudreau was gone,
is that when it was for you done in Calgary?
Like, did you know that you were going to be gone if he was going to be gone?
Was there a chance you'd stay anyways?
Like, take me through that.
I'm curious as to how much of a decision you had to make once he made his it had really nothing to do with my decision i know that like during this process this summer
i kind of thought back to three years prior when i was going through my contract situation then
and throughout the whole process after my entry level i was like you know six seven
eight years what are we doing and nothing really came from it and finally last second brad who's
he was one of the best and one of my favorite guys in hockey's he's been awesome to me and
and everything throughout both contracts he was great um so that summer like at the middle of training camp he's like well the only way we can
keep this team together is three years so i was like okay this isn't my ideal situation but talking
with craig my uncle who represents me he's like do you want to actually put yourself in a better
position to evaluate it all in three years so for three years i get to this point and i kind of just
was sitting back and watching everything unfolding and
um I definitely wanted when I didn't sign before like the RFA period I wanted given my rights to
be able to talk to other teams just to see different paths or what what could go on with
other teams and um because there was a little bit of uncertainty with me in Calgary and um to be
honest once I had that talk with Bill during that RFA period,
I knew Florida was the route I wanted to go down. And I mean, even,
even though I wanted that, there was no guarantees with that. I mean,
they had no cap space. I knew they were getting home. I shouldn't say that.
I knew they were looking to retool their team, saying it nicely
and change up and, and move on from some guys so i
kind of knew that in the back of my head so i knew there was a little bit of a chance but
um even though they're my number one team i there was no guarantee so um the day i got the call i
was super happy and and working with tree with this with craig tree bill and obviously myself
it just made the process go that much, that much smoother.
And I think once I realized too, that I wanted to go down the other path, the big thing with me was
not like stringing Calgary along. I mean, I could have easily waited it out, waited it out, put them
in a terrible position and even gone back for another year. And, and that makes it even way
harder for them. So it was way easier for me to work with them on this.
And,
and I don't know,
I feel like everybody,
everybody helped each other out.
Matthew,
you're a new city,
new team,
new conference,
new division.
Has it been a major adjustment or has it been pretty easy considering all the
changes that.
I feel very lucky because it's been super easy and I'm not sure if that's
how it is for most guys who,
who get traded,
but the guys here are unbelievable.
The trainers are top notch,
everybody off the ice and in the community,
like guys like Yans and former players like Jovo guys have helped me out a
ton. Um, just getting acclimated, anything I need. Um,
and all that, like the hardest part, like the on ice part's easy. I mean,
we've got a new coach,
so I guess that's a little bit challenging for everybody,
new systems and stuff. But at the end of the day,
we're NHL hockey players. I mean, the on ice is the easiest part.
I think it's more of the off ice and the living and everything.
And my second day there, I found a house, got to move in right away.
And I mean, there's just all the little stuff happened, super seamless.
So I got very lucky. I want to go back to uh daryl
uh what about him throwing shade there in the media did you hear him did you hear that
yeah i uh yeah i get i get that sense sent uh i get that stuff sent to me all the time for my
friends so um no love lost there like Like with friends like that, who needs enemies?
Uh, you guys know I'm not allowed to talk.
Come on.
Are you serious?
Wow.
Okay.
Shit.
I didn't.
So, so like, had you called Daryl at some point to let him know you weren't coming back or no.
Okay.
Oh shit.
Okay.
That was more of a, that was moving on.
I feel like people will be calling coaches, though, Biz.
I mean, maybe it's like  you don't talk to the coach about shit like that.
No, I thought maybe you'd go, like, work a day on the farm and let them go softly.
Maybe, like, a big cookout at the end.
I'm good.
I'm good.
Now, going back to Calgary, though and and the time with your teammates there like
obviously like did you did you get a chance to talk to johnny after he made his decision
i did um it was a weird time though weird time in summer where everything was going on so
we just talked uh for the first couple days after that, like before my decision was, was even made. And I mean,
I'm super happy for him. Like we had such a great few years together,
but at this point in his life and what he wants,
it's a perfect situation where he's in Columbus and he's loving it.
I've talked to him recently. He loves the guys.
The guy has been awesome to him as well. And he loves living there.
So I'm happy for his situation that,
that panned out and
he got exactly what he wanted also um you made you made the battle of alberta so entertaining
and then immediately um with some great quotes talked about the battle of florida that's turned
into this pretty impressive uh i forget sorry to interrupt don't you and biz which which team do
you guys root for again i always rooted for you guys, the team that blew the second round series,
and I rooted for the guys who beat you.
And then I shaved his head on national TV.
Yeah, that happened, yeah.
So he's a little upset.
But quickly, about that new Florida rivalry.
First game against the Lightning, you had one and one.
You took a two-minute slashing penalty on Kucherov
and then another roughing penalty on him. So is that kind of the guy you're like all right this is gonna be this is who i'm
gonna target when we play against these guys or is it just everyone in the blue no i was just i
think i was more upset with uh his hit in the second period on barky um and that's just i didn't
really care who it was that touched barky nobody Nobody, nobody touches him. He's, I mean, well, probably the, I mean,
I know McDavid's on another level. I know McCar's same way on another level,
but no, I throw Barkley right in with those guys.
He's the most special talent I've ever seen.
So that's what Yandel says too.
It's crazy when you hear NHL players talk about him like this.
It's insane. It's insane. And it's just
like little skills that he has that nobody else
has. You can throw a pass
two feet off the ice, knuckling, and
it's just cradled right away.
It's insane. It's the most
talent I've ever seen. When I watch you guys
at ASU, and we'll get to your experience
in that mullet barn, is there
was about three or four passes that
just got sent in his way, and he'll just go right,
skate the stick every time.
Like his little subtleties of skill.
So can we get your stamp of approval?
Still the most underrated player in the league?
For sure, but I don't know how he's still underrated.
I don't get how he's played 10-plus years,
and he's still considered underrated.
It doesn't make sense to me.
He's back at the top of the list.
I think he was most underrated player for seven years.
And then a few people sent out a couple of tweets and people went nuts
saying this guy can't win it every fucking year.
It's been seven years now,
the most underrated.
Yeah.
Maybe,
maybe I,
maybe I shouldn't say he's the most underrated though,
to still keep him under the radar.
So he can keep doing his thing.
So,
um,
I mean, if he played
anywhere else he'd be considered top two top three in the league um going back to asu what was your
experience like at mullet i know you guys lost the game i don't know you guys must be getting
crippled the night before that team no i uh it's so much better. Like I actually liked it. I loved it. I thought it was a great environment. I mean, it's a great location.
The other rink, obviously they have probably had a couple more people,
but it's so far. And I obviously had some years, you know, in Arizona.
And like when I would go back, that's the area of town we'd be in.
And that's the most happening part. And I don't know, it's easier for all the people in Scottsdale, obviously Tempe. And I don go back. That's the area of town we'd be in. And that's the most happening part. And I don't know,
it's easier for all the people in Scottsdale, obviously Tempe. And I don't know,
it's just more convenient. I actually love the atmosphere in there.
They're doing a good job. I think when the new,
we obviously had the temporary locker rooms, which, you know,
were solid. They were fine. Like they were good.
But once the new setup is in and all the locker rooms are ready,
it's going to be awesome.
And it's going to be a top place for people who play in the league.
Sure.
Fuck on that wit.
Yeah.
I actually went as you send them a Venmo.
No wit.
Not kidding.
I really liked that.
I thought it was,
I mean,
five,
5,000.
I played.
Oh, you should have signed there then.
You could fucking play there your whole career and just love it.
Nah, I'm going to stay in Florida.
Honestly, I think I'm excited to go to a game there.
I've just been a little bit on the this isn't the NHL train,
but you're in the NHL.
I barely could make it through my last few
years so who am i to say anything if you love it and i think more guys saying that they enjoy it
the one thing you make a good point is compared to what you had at whatever that other place was
called jobbing.com whatever like that is so much better to have a full barn whether it be 2 000
people over 20 000 that that looks completely empty so also like location too
like you can there's just more there's more going on there there's more it's just a way better place
to it's way better place to play and location wise and fan why like it was i don't know biz i
can't remember like it was i know it's 5 000 seats but it was full the other night it was a good
atmosphere it's just weird like you look up and you can see like the concourse. I know it's 5,000 seats, but it was full the other night. It was a good atmosphere.
It's just weird.
You look up, and you can see the concourse is great.
It's like USHL rank.
The concourse is around the top.
You see the concession stands.
It smells like popcorn.
It's pretty funny.
You got the band going.
It was great.
It was good.
I know you lost a couple big rivals when you switched conferences,
namely Kane and Dowdy. Have you found any potential replacements yet in the Eastern conference?
I have not.
No, I've, I mean,
I'm sure his stuff is going to come up the longer I'm with you.
No way.
But I, I got to worry about getting some wins right now.
That's that's it.
Do you, do you genuinely hate anybody's guts in the league?
Is there, is there even like a
vocal vocal rivalry i know doughty there was a little bit of thing going on but like anybody
else that you truly despise yeah yeah for sure there are but uh i'm definitely not saying it
with you guys here well there was there was one there was a post about you changing the winning ways in Florida,
and then Evander Kane on the bottom of it on Instagram wrote LOL.
So I didn't know if there was like a public rift going on there.
No, I don't.
I'm not a public rift guy.
Okay.
All right.
No, you're an on-the-ice rift guy.
Yeah, or try to be a no-rift guy, and it just falls.
Oh, yeah.
So, yeah.
It just falls, Viz. By accident. yeah or or try to be a no ref guy and it just oh yeah so yeah it just follows them biz
by accident does it get exhausting though because i feel like in order for you to play your game
you got to do that all the time and like you know i was i had to like try to go out there and stir
it up most nights not even worry about the offensive side and it just like it gets a little
bit draining some games your body's a little banged up so you have to like talk yourself into it mentally before the game to to get going every fucking 82 games
so so my thing is the only time i get really riled up and and stuff starts to happen is when
something will happen to one of my teammates or like a hit or goalie gets touched or you know
something like that's where I get,
get upset and angry. And that's where I start. That's where stuff starts to trend and,
and turn into what some things have turned into in my career. So I'm never really the initiator
in that stuff. I can't remember the last time I was, but something happened, especially being
coming to a new team. Like I, I definitely want to show the type of teammate I am and how I'll do everything
for, or I'll do anything for all the guys in that room. And, um,
so just sticking up for guys and playing my game. I know Florida,
they obviously brought me here for,
for a reason and they don't want me changing my style at all.
So I'm not going to.
What about Paul Maurice? Um, have you have you enjoyed like what's his style like is
he is he pretty vocal with guys off the ice talking about your personal lives and things
that may make you more comfortable or is he kind of just more professional i'm wondering what type
of coach he is no he's been unbelievable so far he's uh most coaches when it comes to the system stuff, like have it all very dialed down, but he has it like straight to the point.
Like it's just laid out in front of you. His,
the way he teaches it and coaches it is the,
it's just super easy for us to like understand what he's saying. Like,
I mean, you know, like some, some people can say something, you're like,
what is he talking about? Like, you know, everything that Paul's saying,
he's super detailed and, and off, like he cares about you.
Like I've talked to him a few times, not about hockey.
He genuinely cares about you, which is very nice from a coach. I mean,
I haven't, uh, like maybe had that relationship with, with past coaches.
We're, you know, talking about stuff that's, that's not hockey related.
So, um, just very good guy obviously
he's new i'm new we both had that in common so um yeah we've had great talks he's put me in a
great position here to succeed um he's the perfect guy to have for our team right now and uh i think
everybody if you'd ask everybody on our team we're all really enjoying them so far now i know you had
a quote i'll probably paraphrase in a bit uh you know playing in your home time usually sounds great to everybody but the player
from that time can you elaborate a little bit on that i know a lot of people were thinking you
might end up in st louis during all this stuff i don't remember saying that i feel like i i i don't
remember saying that um i knew i knew st louis was in the mix the mix to be interested in me during this whole thing.
But with the cap and with guys on deals, you can't just snap your fingers and make a deal.
And I think everybody in the world knows that they were probably one of my teams which were were on my were on my list to go to but
um I think I knew it was it was most likely harder for them to do anything than than some of the
other teams and um I thought it was impossible for Florida to do it even though they were the
number one team on my list so um things things changed throughout the whole process day by day
but I did I talked to to them a few times and super professional organization and,
and one that's had so much success for probably 10, 15 years and, um,
continue to do it each and every year, continue to put a winning team on the
ice. So, um, that interested me about them, but I knew,
I knew it was a little bit harder. Um, but yeah, like I said,
I thought Florida was impossible. So I'm very lucky that I ended up in Florida.
Um, and I've got nothing but great things to say about the St. Louis organization
as well for the whole process.
Who or what's been the biggest surprise to you in the league so far?
I know it's only 10, 12 games in, but any team or players surprise you?
No, not a team that surprised me.
A team that I knew was going to be good this year that
is is can like confirm it for me is the devils i mean they've got a great team over there right
now like they're they're flying they've got some they've got some great talents over there
um it was that obvious to you i i've given them so much shit but all other players like yourself
have said this team's so fast and good and the goaltending is what they're missing that's interesting to hear
you knew i've been saying it for years chucky yeah yeah sure but yeah clown no i think they're i think
they're really they're they're built on speed and skill and i think that's how obviously the nhl is
going you you still need some some big guys and they got that plot. They got guys that have one.
So I think they're going to be a hard team to beat.
Who am I a little bit scrumptious trying to think of a stand.
I knew Vegas was going to be, be back this year.
I don't even remember what happened to them last year to not make the
playoffs, but crazy.
Like if they would have got in last year in the playoffs,
they would have been a hard team to beat. So I'm not,
I'm not surprised that they're back.
I'm not surprised that Dallas is where they are right now.
I think they're probably the hardest team to play against in the NHL when it
comes to like the physicality, their defense, first mindset, everything.
Like that playoff series against them last year, that was,
you had to earn every inch. I think, I mean,
I'm sure Nashville isville's gonna get back
to to being in a playoff spot i mean i'm just trying to think off the top of my head right now
i think they're a better team than what they're showing right now um i can't even think of teams
out east i mean i'm not surprised by boston boston's doing great they got a great team so
do you do you watch a ton like every time you're in the hotel room, you're throwing a hockey game on?
Not so much.
I mean, on the road, not so much.
More when I'm at home.
I'll watch games when I'm down in Florida at night. But I love hockey.
I love watching hockey.
So I watch as much as I can.
But if a good football game is on, I'd probably rather watch that.
I know you were chirping.
What about maybe his prediction with you guys and how the team is going to be. I think the criticism is maybe a little bit light on the back end. Is there anybody back there who surprised you? And what would you say to people who are, that's the criticism of the team where they're really concerned about the back end? You guys are front heavy.
I would not be concerned at all about our back end.
They have impressed me so much.
We play so fast.
They all can skate.
They all can move the puck. So as an offensive guy, the thing that helps you create a lot of offense
is having four guys in the rush, five guys in the rush.
That's where a lot of your offense comes from is having active D,
and they all do that.
I mean, I think Gustav Forsling,
if we're going to talk about underrated players in the NHL,
he's right up there. He's right up there at the top. I mean,
Brandon Montour has had an amazing start. You know, even Mahura coming in, we got him from Anaheim. He's been awesome.
What's his story?
He's been amazing for us so far. He can skate.
He's really good offensive instincts.
He can pass as good as anybody on our team.
And he's been playing with Ragtel Gudis, who, again,
has been playing awesome for us.
I've got nothing but great things to say about our decor right now.
Yeah, it's a little bit upsetting to hear guys like Witt chirp us.
Don't sleep on Goon Squad Biz has you guys a bubble team at best getting in the playoffs. a little bit upsetting to hear guys like wit chirp us, but, uh, I think they're going to be on a goon squad.
Biz has you guys a bubble team at best getting in the playoff.
So I'm not skating through this one. So I've been critical as well.
I pass that off to wit. Yeah.
But there's also was on the Calgary train last year with me.
So he gets what I'm saying. That's what I'm saying.
I'm not going to be hard on him and Daryl for not making adjustments
and figuring out that fucking neutral zone, for fuck's sake.
Well, maybe me and Biz could get a Tampa, Florida.
Don't blame that on me.
I love it.
A little jab back.
Hey, but that Forsling, though, where did he come over from?
Chicago, right?
I'm trying to think, but if I can remember a few years ago,
he might have been either traded,
maybe either retrade signed or picked up waivers from Chicago.
And I think it was either traded or waivers.
But, I mean, Meher is the same thing right now.
So, like, I mean, it's, yeah.
It's weird.
Forsling spent the 1920 season in the AHL.
And it's like, and then he got, and then Florida had him in 2021.
This is his third year there, and he's been solid.
He can skate.
I guess, I mean, I don't know what happened.
I guess Chicago sent him down, and then that was kind of it.
But looking at Chicago now, if you're saying this guy, he moves so well.
So, you see him up and down the ice.
You'd think he could easily help out the Blackhawks the way he's playing for you
guys. Yeah, like that
type of stuff shocks me how
somebody like that in Florida, we're
super lucky to have him. You can skate like
the wind, he's got a missile.
He's been
awesome. Yeah, he plays
most minutes, I think, on our team right now,
so he does it all. And this is all, obviously, this is all without i think on our team right now so he does it all and this is all
obviously this is all without ecky on our team who is such an unbelievable player so once we get him
back um it'll make us that much better when when he's healthy i said last year um that he was like
a norris trophy favorite of mine like before his injury the way he's playing another guy i gotta
ask you about in florida that i'm really happy for uh it's been a it's been a tough stretch is is the the rat rink uh colin white and and a local
massachusetts kid played at bc unfortunately but signed that deal with ottawa things never worked
out he battled injuries but he's had a hot start with you guys he's been awesome i'm super happy
for him i was super happy that uh no offense to my brother, but I was super happy that we beat up on his team the other night, especially for Whitey. I mean, that's not a dream situation for him and
for that to happen, but I can't believe that happened, letting somebody like that go
at his age and with his talent. We've seen it at the start of the season. He's probably been
our most consistent forward throughout the whole season.
So far, he's been awesome. We missed him last game, but he'll be back.
I'm sure tomorrow and ready to pick up right where he left off,
but been super impressed with him. And I've, I've knew he had it all along.
Like I played with him at the U S team and I've seen him from when we were
younger, like he's, he's got all the talent there.
And maybe it was the positions he was being put in or some guys in like
Ottawa were putting, you know, maybe better position. I don't,
I don't know what it was, but I'm shocked that they,
that they let him go like they did because he's still, you know,
very young player and has a lot to give for us. So he's been awesome.
That's a, it was a great addition for our team um he's hysterical
you know him i'm the rat ranked is that not the greatest interview the best part about that
interview and i've been trying to find it i think hannifin has it but he said also in the interview
that boston was like an up-and-coming city and the other day we're in boston i see a sign like
boston commons 1612 or something i'm like wait it's the oldest city on the frigging planet right now.
It's on the rise.
They're just building this thing up.
It came out of nowhere.
He's like, I don't know, man.
It was my first interview.
I just did the wind gate.
I'm like, all right, whatever.
And for people who don't know, just quickly,
he got interviewed right after he got drafted first round by Ottawa,
and he just described himself as a rat rink. I think he meant to say rink rat but that if you know Whitey
I think it's probably funnier but just a great guy so I had to ask you about him um another one I had
for you kind of random away from your team uh what's your favorite arena to play in in the NHL
favorite like road rink to play in I still love like the national vegas montreal's pretty common ones um gosh i
don't know i'm not i can't throw mullet in there yet biz no no you're in la i always like playing
at staple center i thought that place was a sick atmosphere i was just looking out my window it's
like staples center crypto bullshit i don't even know what it's called it's
called no something different every time i come here but i'm always a good place and now like
coming here it's only come here once a uh it's weird really weird going from like conference
to conference now you come here one time a year and you're here for like a week so um yeah normally
i'm used to coming here at least two times a year so is that where is that where
some of the dough is going crypto are you into that shit um i actually did something uh a few
years ago um you were the first ever nhl or to have an nft well then why would you ask me if you
knew the answer um but that's not crypto that's not crypto oh is it not oh see see that's how
much i know about it hopefully you're not managing that uh that contract you just signed no i think i think
maybe there's a little bit of i think how it was i got the donation what's it called an nft
nft if i can remember i think it was like for the nft i got crypto like as a part of like the dope like whoever won it paid
it in crypto but all the money went to charity so then i just matched the money that they paid
for it whatever it evened out to and then i donated that money so i kept the crypto so i
think i got some like a little amount in crypto somewhere um hopefully it's crushing it like god i've got no idea
i'm looking at this nft it's pretty sick it's are you are you scoring a goal or just getting
a shot on net with no it's in between your legs no he's putting mcdavid's head off the dasher
yeah no i uh i think i if i can remember i think it was the the national ot one so
the uh is that when you did the trick shot
between your legs yeah that's what it is on google it's sick i got lucky very that's what
a modest you're not practicing that no i'm no i'm not practicing but i probably should i tried it
last night and hit hit rhymer right in the stomach so maybe i should get practicing more
i could imagine you getting back to the bench if you wouldn't have scored that
and Daryl just losing his fucking mind.
No, he wasn't.
He wasn't there yet.
Oh, he wasn't there.
No, I was playing in OT then.
So, yeah, that was before his time.
Who were the jesters in the locker room in Florida?
And then who  I must have missed the joke.
Why the fuck are you laughing so hard with
didn't play him in ot's like that's when i used to play at ot's
that's like the perfect math you could chuck chirp right there it's so good that dummy biz
doesn't even get it all right no i was buddy i was thinking about my next question i come on i
can't do two things at once here i'm a guy i I have a penis. But who are the jesters in the locker room in Florida,
and were any of the guys able to dress up for Halloween?
Did you have a Halloween party with the team?
We did.
We had a Halloween party at a great spot probably a week ago.
I got this really cool rooftop overlooking some of the downtown floor.
I'm pretty sure you could see the beach in the distance. I, I,
I obviously can't remember. So I had a good time that night. Um,
I came as a, I came as an avatar, which was a little bit,
I think it was like two hours in the makeup and hair chair,
getting braids and stuff. So, I mean, it's one night,
one night a year for Halloween. I love Halloween.
So I like to go full out for it. There was there are some awesome costumes i know um gosh you had the best
one i can't even think about it i can't even think right now but there was there are so many good
ones um some of our trainers had some awesome ones um you guys know like that's some of the
best nights you'll have like throughout the year like those whether it's halloween party or like a good night out on the road when you know you haven't had one in a
while with all the guys and that's one thing that our team's done actually a lot of this year for
only being 10 games in is we have done so many things as a team like at home on the road we have
a lot of new guys we wanted to make sure guys were getting to know each other right away so we could
have the start that we wanted.
So yeah, definitely more than... I had super close teams in Calgary
and guys that I still talk to to this day.
Some of my best friends are there,
but I think probably the year
where I had the most team stuff right away
has been this year.
So it's been great.
You a big Avatar fan
or you just like the getup or the costume?
Both.
Both.
I'm excited for this next one.
Wow.
They have another one coming out?
People said it was very overrated, the first one.
They've been saying it for like 10 years, though.
I like the first one.
Until I sit in the theater and watch it,
I don't believe it's coming out anytime soon.
I was told to ask the story about your sister Taryn's state game.
What's the story behind that?
Oh, my gosh, about her state game.
I don't really know.
I mean, she scored the OT winner.
They won 1-0.
It was on her birthday.
My brother and I got pinned.
I don't really know what else is going to the story.
It was a, I don't know.
Brady said you have a must-tell story from Terrence State game.
A must-tell story from Terrence State game.
Brady's probably just fucking with us.
You're probably dodging us just like he did with the fountain story.
No, I don't need to do that anymore.
If I was, yeah, I don't, I don't, I really don't know.
It was a great day.
We, I don't even know what he's getting at,
but now we're on the point about my sister.
She, she's, we're calling her Miss Top 10 right now.
She's back-to-back days being on the SportsCenter Top 10
in her quarterfinal ACC for field hockey.
She had a sick goal.
And then in the semifinal, she had hockey. She had a sick goal.
And then in the semifinal, she had an even better goal.
So she's crushing it right now.
And today she actually plays in her ACC final against UNC.
So I'm going to try to zip out of great one practice
or whatever he has over there.
I'm going to try to get in the locker room quick,
watch the rest of the game on my phone.
So I'm excited to see it. And who do they play?
They play UNC unc who's
number one virginia am i yep she's at uva i think they're fifth in the country and then you uh
north carolina's the best every year so they're number one so looking for a nice little upset
here is big walt um down there for the accs yes he, he won't miss any of that.
That's awesome.
He's the number one fan.
I heard the other day that when she scored,
he's high-fiving people and fist-pumping the crowd.
It's so funny because he would never do that
for my brother and I, like hockey,
but now he's a huge field hockey fan.
It's hilarious.
Before we get to one of our last questions
with Matthew Kachuk,
I have to jump in to talk about Chevrolet.
That's right. We couldn't be more excited to have Chevrolet supporting our pod, and more specifically, their class of EVs.
I'm talking about Bolt, Blazer, Equinox, and of course, the Silverado, which I drove around Canada all summer.
As you guys know, I'm not the big lavish spender.
Chevy EVs are affordable.
They're for everyone.
Call it all-star capability on a fourth-liner budget.
Enough space to keep the whole family comfortable.
Chevy EVs are fun, affordable, and they go the distance.
And now there are over 2,000 certified Chevy EV dealerships
and a network of public charging stations to help you live electric.
Chevy is electric. EVs for everyone, everywhere. Now back to the show.
Matt, I know you throw out the first pitch at a Mollins game. Have you been able to see any of
the other pro teams in town, the Heat, Mollins, or Dolphins? Check them out at all? No, I really
want to go to a Heat game when they play play the Celtics I went to school I think
we've talked about this before I went to school um for a few years with Jason Tatum so um we they
played in Miami the other day but we were playing the Islanders the same night so it just didn't
work out but that's one thing I'm hoping to do uh went to the Hard Rock Stadium where the Dolphins play, but I went to watch
Messi play versus, I think they played
Honduras. That was super cool.
It's just very
cool that I can do that stuff
now with all the pro sports teams around.
I obviously would love to go see the Dolphins
hopefully and get in the playoffs and go to
a game later on in the year.
Just so much to do there.
On my off days, I'm more into the golf and jet ski part right now
than go and watch the other sports teams.
I think maybe in a few months when I get sick of it, I'll go do that.
Who got you into jet skiing, Johnny?
Johnny Jet Ski?
Johnny Jet Ski.
No, I just have so many people coming in to visit all the time
that I would like to have something to keep them busy
so I can just chill on the days that I just want to chill.
So I got a couple jet skis.
The house I got already had a very lucky,
already had the whole setup I just needed to get them.
So I know my parents have been out on it a few times.
I had so many people come for the Ottawa game, so a bunch of people were out on them the other day
you guys gotta hit up the karaoke bar and sing mr brightside you and brady when you when he was
down there no that's that's another just traitor as you like that's that's the traitor ed summer
i think that's might have got the ball rolling that day but uh no, not yet. We, I'm sure this summer I'd like to have more of the summer when we have like a
week or a weekend to have all my buddies,
like obviously my brother and some of our best buddies down to Florida for,
for a week or weekend. But yeah, that's good.
We'll worry about the season here first.
After our sandbagger at the Ridge club, we're going to trader,
trader Joe's that's going to Trader Joe's.
Yeah, we should.
That's going to be our big day and night. I'm going to race him in the fountain.
And loser of the sandbagger pays for the entire night.
Yeah, for sure.
Or the swim race.
I'm going to get a swim coach.
I'm not racing Brady Phelps.
No, it's like you should see his arms are 14 feet long,
and he just gets there in two strides or two arm lengths, whatever it is.
Yeah, we'll do that. We'll do that.
Well, I don't want to keep you too long. I know you're in L.A.
Thanks for joining us, dude. I know it's like 930 out there.
You hopped on real early, but we appreciate it.
Not surprised at all. You lighten it up. We'll see how the team does.
We'll see. You could talk a lot of shit to me if things get going for you guys.
But like always, three, three times for you on checklists.
We appreciate it, bud.
Of course.
Thanks, boys.
Always have a blast.
Once again, big thanks to our pal Matty Kachuk for coming on.
Can't wait to see you get back on the ice, my man.
Biz, I think we should do a little buy and sell segment over here.
We were talking earlier.
Some segments of the league you might want to buy.
Some you might want to sell.
We got to talk about Seattle, though.
7-4-2,
the second place in the Pacific,
fourth straight win
when they beat Pittsburgh
the other night.
Brandon Tandem,
how about it?
Game winning goal
versus old team.
Martin Jones,
I know when Seattle signed him,
a few people snickered,
but it was pretty shrewd signing
a one-year,
2 million deal.
And Grubauer and Dredge
both got hurt.
Right now,
Martin Jones, 5-3-1 in five of his eight starts.
Save percentage of at least 9-3-8.
Pretty good stuff.
And also local at Joey Decode, who played at Arizona State.
He got his first win with the Kraken, so congrats to him.
Very well-balanced scoring attack.
All but one skater has at least a goal.
How about Jamie Oleksiak with three goals?
Matty Benares leads all rookies in points with nine dave haxtall looks like he wants to win he's not gonna bend over for the
front office biz are you buying or selling on the seattle kraken i'm selling i don't think they can
maintain this and the reason i'm saying that is because i hate that fucking buoy which is probably
the reason they turn things around ever since I called them out. But
I think that overall
though, a very, very
entertaining team to watch as of late.
I think that Maddie Beneers has a lot to
do with it and that young energy in the lineup.
You mentioned like one of their
plans when they went and
did the expansion draft was they got
a bunch of players who could help
lineups. Yanny Gord ended up coming over.
Who are some other guys that I can't think of off the top of my head,
which forward,
which Eberle being huge for me,
Eberle good all around player,
but you just,
I didn't feel like they really gelled last year.
And I guess question marks ended up being on the coach,
right?
Can the coach give him to play?
What's their team identity? Grubauer didn't didn't end up being a great signing at least for
last year uh but as far as I think everything turned when Haxtall wouldn't budge on the ice
time for Shane Wright and I think that that set a good precedent as far as the guys are concerned
saying hey if you've earned your spot in this lineup and if you've been here putting the time and effort we're not just going
to slide you down the lineup because guys from up top are saying that certain guys need to make
certain quotas as far as ice time's concerned and then ever since i think we talked about it on the
one broadcast when that whole subject came up whether he was going to get sent back to junior
and whether he should be in and out of the lineup that's when things started clicking in my opinion so it's good to see them
starting to put a better better foot forward it had been brutal to watch last year really no energy
in the lineup that might be in fact because Tana ended up getting injured in the second half of
year last year I want to say he tore his acl he's
another guy who impacts the lineup as far as his energy is concerned so right now they just got
all all hands on deck there isn't really one guy that sticks out more than the other it's just a
well-balanced lineup and they found lightning in a bottle with a goaltender that they didn't expect
and also vince dunn their puck moving defenseman he was rubbish in the first few games
we had him on the broadcast uh three the first three goals in the first period were his fault
ever since then his game started rounding out and uh it looks like uh it looks like he's playing a
lot better as well yeah i'm selling them as a playoff team but i think they're going to be
right there the entire season i think they finished kind of like, you know, ninth to 11th ish in that, in that conference.
I think Burakovsky is a huge part of it. You know, two Stanley cups, he won with Washington
and Colorado, and he's already playing really well this year. So that's just another addition
offensively that they have. I like the team a lot more than last year. Unbelievably, Grubauer doesn't even have a win.
So I don't know.
Is he hurt right now?
Yeah.
So, I mean, he played two games, a loss and an overtime loss.
But the fact that they're doing it without him,
and most people would have guessed prior to the year
for them to be sitting second in the Pacific,
you know, weekend in November,
that he would have a bounce back season,
and it hasn't been him.
So I'm selling in terms of playoffs,
but I like their team a lot more.
I still am not sold on hack stall,
but there was a good move in terms of sticking to his guns and Shane,
right?
I mean,
we talked about it.
It's just,
it's amazing.
Like Buneers is a year older than me.
So much better than him.
It's like,
I don't know if Shane Wright will ever be on a real elite level NHL player.
That's such a crazy take to make about an 18, 19 year old, but I don't know. We Wright will ever be a real elite level NHL player. That's such a crazy take to make about an 18, 19 year old.
But I don't know.
We'll see about the speed.
Beneers makes them watchable night in and night out.
We got them on the TNT broadcast against the Nashville Predators on Tuesday.
There's a couple actually big games going on right now.
I think Pucks dropped.
Yeah, bro.
Actually, the Bruins are playing right now.
Playing the Blues.
Yeah, but I got my priorities hosted on my show.elli buying a selling selling this won't last they're gonna
run out of steam to be honest i think they'll have a top five pick i i love the future here
like you guys said but i just i don't see it i think that they're gonna run out of steam
pretty soon future's bright future's right i'm gonna be contrarian chalk i'm gonna say
grubala gets healthy and they do sneak into the playoffs at some point.
So I'm buying.
Guys, before we go any further, hockey season is back in full swing,
which means you're probably crushing some Pink Whitney
or even some Big Deal Brews while watching your favorite teams play.
But I want to tell you about something that's going to help you wake up
feeling your best.
Yes, DHM Detox by No Days Wasted. DHM Detox is backed by science
and designed to help break down alcohol-related toxins so you can wake up feeling fresh the next
day. No more slow and sluggish mornings. Just take two capsules before your night out and it goes to
work. It's 100 risk-free purchase, so if you don't like it, they'll refund you.
Check out their recovery bundles for the best experience.
DHM Detox with Hydration Replenisher.
The holidays are coming, and No Days Wasted is kicking off the party a little bit early
with Black Friday sales starting with 30 off.
Just go to nodayswasted.co, that's nodays no days wasted.co and enter the promo code biz 30. So
thanks again for DHM detox. Uh, next up buying or selling the virtual ads. A lot of people
complain about it. I honestly don't even notice them. Other people get distracted by them. Whit,
are you buying or selling virtual ads? Um, I'm buying them in the sense that they don't bother me.
The first night I was like, whoa, like I saw like a puck going around the boards and I
was just like, that's different.
But like anything, people love to complain.
And I think even the people who are bitching and whining about them now probably don't
even realize that it's happening.
So buying more money for the teams, more money for the league.
I'm fine with it. Sell. So distracting, especially when it's in so buying more money for the teams more money for the league i'm fine with it
sell so distracting especially when it's in the money really still yes yes they they bother me
and i want to know what type of revenue they're bringing in by having them compared to if they
didn't have them to know if it's even worth it they already the jersey thing completely understand
i'm on board with that with the jersey ads why do you
got to have the board switching all the time show me some fucking numbers and then maybe i'll i'll
keep them maybe i'll buy them but right now selling it then bizzles have board ads on his
shirt when he's on tnt yeah exactly fuck all bum fights on my forehead get attached
g virtual all right we've talked about this before i don't even notice
them out there like you're not even a single oh you're the best heavy set i mean heavy
yeah you'd buy them because you don't give a shit so you might as well get the business
bitching until big deal brewing swirling around the rink and he's like look at this fucking ad
this is sick no my the big deal brewing ad would be permanent it would be stuck there and it
wouldn't distract the guy on the half wall
when he's dangling on the peeps along with the viewer at home.
Listen, I want a Twitter.
I know Instagram's tough because you can only do the comments,
but I want a Twitter poll on how many people are selling the board ads,
the virtual board ads.
Get them off.
Get them off, Gary.
Just make sure it's not too funny and elon musk fucking deletes it he's having why would he delete do it he's he's having a hell of a run
and twitter's been funnier in the last fucking week than it's ever been like he bought something
he probably was not really too experienced in and like things he got bent over everywhere he got
bent over now he's like oh
comedy is free and then it's like oh if you make fun of me like then i'm gonna suspend you it's
like it's it's hilarious he's just like he doesn't know what he's doing he didn't he didn't create
this company he bought it to whatever reason he fucking bought it and it's just falling apart and
it's fucking hilarious well it's like the richest man in the world is he whatever one of the richest
richest men in the world you might be able? One of the richest men in the world.
You might be able to take anyone and everything down until you come to grips with the Internet being undefeated.
And the Internet will run you right over.
I'm not selling.
I'm not selling Elon on Twitter here.
I think I don't.
I have noticed it's funny.
I don't notice.
It's not what I don't understand is it's not any different.
Yeah, people are freaking out about this.
It's not going to be much different.
He's taking this ship to the moon.
People think they're fucking fighting a war when they leave Twitter now.
Like I'm off Twitter.
Like, oh, no, don't go.
What will we do?
Yeah, I'm not going anywhere. Like, it's just funny because this guy bought something that he has no
experience with with work and what lays off half the people.
Three days later, he asked a quarter of them to come back because he fucked up by firing them.
And every day something new happens because it's like me buying a fucking soccer team and like trying to run it right.
I don't know what the fuck.
Do it.
Do it.
Ryan Reynolds did it.
He's also looking to buy another team.
How much money does he have?
I bet you.
So he's got that ads company that he does.
And then he's probably making 20 million a pop now on films.
No.
He ain't that big of a dog.
Are you kidding me?
I bet he's making.
Come on, Witt.
Get your head.
Okay.
Maybe he's making 20 million at Deadpool.
You think Ryan Reynolds is getting 20 million million for a romantic comedy he's doing?
He ain't doing romantic comedies anymore, bro.
He just did one, didn't he?
He's probably getting 10 for them, I'd say.
He's probably getting 20 for Deadpool shit.
He's probably getting more than 20 at this stage.
He's probably getting 30 or 40 for Deadpool.
I know, but the Senators are going to cost a billion dollars.
No, they're not.
They're going to cost 750.
He's getting a hometown discount.
If they have the new arena.
Do you think?
Yeah, I guess the Penguins went for what?
Nine?
Yes.
Via HITC.com, Ryan Reynolds is worth 150 million.
Going back to Twitter quickly,
I think it's ridiculous that Elon Musk is spending as much time as R.A. on Twitter.
I think that he has more to offer this world than arguing with strangers on the Internet.
Well, I think no offense already. I argue with you, but this is psychology because he gets I swear to God, it doesn't matter how famous and rich he is.
He tweets out things and he gets one hundred000 retweets at 500,000 likes. And it's it's ego.
He has this little like fan base that probably he's like addicted to.
It's it's it's it's an addicting app.
And this guy is no different.
And now he's fighting a battle.
Like I said, when it comes if you if this guy bought Twitter and think he'd be getting made fun of on Twitter, he might be the dumbest richest person in the world well there you go like i think a lot of
people think oh he's loaded he must be fucking smart it's like he might be smart so one thing
but you yeah but you're smart in one thing but you're a lot of genius in every fucking thing
i'm smart naming stanley coupland is but i couldn't tell you how to fucking fix an engine
you know like all right you think you what you. R.A., you think you could beat Elon and Jeopardy?
Yeah.
Fucking right.
No chance.
Zero chance you could beat Elon.
I'm on your side, R.A.
I'm buying R.A.
I'm not going to immediately say no.
That's a great one.
He's one of the smartest guys on Earth.
I know, but Jeopardy's different.
Mike, why is he one of the smartest people on earth?
If he was so smart,
he wouldn't have bought Twitter for 40 billion.
There have been scientists.
There have been well-educated people
that have walked in the room with Elon Musk
that have said that guy is by far
the smartest man I've ever met.
Send me a link.
Send me a link.
I will.
I will.
I think he is considered
one of the smarter people in the world, R.A.
Smarter than all four of us sitting here. I think there's a lot of the smarter people in the world. All right. I think more than all four of us sitting here.
I think there's a lot of belief that he's very smart.
Isn't his IQ like.
Here's my theory.
He's much like Steve Jobs in a sense.
He's good at delegating work and taking it from smart people.
What do you think about that?
I'm team R.A. right now.
Yeah.
He didn't just like come up with this one idea by himself
and become a zillionaire like he got
fucking seed money. He got money here and there.
He does. It's not as simple as
him. Oh, I found this thing and I'm fucking rich and
smart. It's not that. And I think the more
he fucking tweets, you realize he ain't all that smart
as it is like he might be smart.
I think the feedback from this should
be incredible. I think he's got the same
IQ as Albert Einstein. And the other thing I think that's legit IQ, I think is legit from this should be incredible. I think he's got the same IQ as Albert Einstein.
And the other thing, I think that's legit.
IQ, I think, is legit, R.A., just because yours is seven.
You can't just shake off IQ, R.A.
That's the test of telling how smart you are.
R.A., he doesn't have street smarts.
Street smarts is different.
And this guy, like I said it months ago, Paul,
he was talking about free speech, free speech.
And I laughed.
I said, listen, free speech is something some governments give people.
It's not a fucking universal global thing, even if people want that.
Going on the internet isn't free speech, town square bullshit.
Every country is different.
It has different rules.
And now he has this town square, and he's fucking suspended accounts
and telling people if they're fucking making fun of people,
he's suspending them.
He's doing the opposite of what he said.
It's not free speech.
He's being a fucking crybaby.
Are you talking about the parody stuff that among other stuff.
Yeah. The parody stuff. The parody stuff's bizarre.
He says he's now suspending or no accounts that are parody accounts and don't name themselves as parody accounts will be allowed.
I mean, I don't I can't say I hate that. I'm undecided.
But I don't like the left ear account left ear parody account on
twitter with well i think they say they are a parody so they get to stay with left ear
fucking joke well what was the other thing i was just gonna say about his smart and um
oh and twitter all right what did you just say all right that has the whole free speech thing
is full of shit like the free speech thing all right it was he was i i want to say a lot of that had to do with the fact that if you were saying maybe don't
get vaccinated for fucking covid you were getting blanked on twitter i mean do you agree with that
free speech when your free speech is impinged upon it's from the fucking government not some
tech person not some website no no no during covid that's wrong bro that's a hundred percent and
all right i'll i'll say this wasn't saying you can't say to not be vaccinated twitter and
instagram and all that shit was i i didn't mind fucking cross streams there i'm talking about
his first i'm talking about an example of what he meant by free speech being whatever, ignored or not allowed.
Do you not agree with that?
He thought this is all for free speech.
I disagree that it's all about free speech because not everybody has free
speech.
That it's your voluntary signing up for a computer program,
a computer site where you sign off and you check the box.
So free speech is about the government taking away your fucking rights to say stuff.
This is not that.
The government is not involved with Twitter.
Free speech, the First Amendment, that's the government coming down and saying,
you can't say that.
That's not what's going on here.
A private company or your boss or anybody else says you can't say that because you work here
or you sign these forms.
That's fucking legal, dude.
Free speech is about the government telling you you can't say this or that.
Fuck you, government. That's not what's going on with Twitter. He speech is about the government telling you you can't say this or that. Fuck you, government.
That's not what's going on with Twitter.
He's playing this free speech shit for bullshit.
Fucking caught.
If Elon was so smart, he would have bought the senators.
Yeah, right.
Hey, all of a sudden, he's like, where's the rink?
They're like, we got to go 40 minutes to Canada.
He's like, give me Twitter.
No, let's build a tunnel.
Yeah, let's build a hyper tunnel.
And my cars will go there and hopefully they won't blow up on the way.
Ottawa centers, a value of 655 mil.
Chump change.
You just mentioned Ryan Reynolds.
Yeah.
He seems intrigued about buying it.
Now, I don't know that he has that kind of money.
He did buy that Wrexham soccer club in Wales with Rob McElhinney from
It's Always Sunny in Philly.
A little show on Hulu.
Pretty good checking out.
Show is awesome, R.A.
That show is incredible.
It's pretty good stuff.
I think what would happen if he were he would be the face of the bias.
He obviously got a lot of rich friends.
He would get the money together.
He would be the front facing with a front forward facing guy of Ottawa.
Other people would put more money up, but he would basically be the de facto owner. I don't know
if it's going to happen. I think it would be great. I mean,
I mean, fucking better than what they
have now. If they're selling it, then why wouldn't you want
fucking Ryan Reynolds running the team? He's Canadian.
He's so good. He's good looking.
His wife co-starred in a movie with me.
His wife on the rocket ship.
Just slide that
in there. Co-starred.
I love it.
It would be unreal for the NHL to have a guy who owns a team of that type of world stature.
It basically be like the rock owning a team.
I would say that they're on very similar levels and yeah,
it's,
it's,
it's awesome.
You could do a,
you could do theme nights.
You could do super villain or superhero theme nights at the rink,
the new one. And I would imagine that if he does become the owner, they theme nights at the rink. The new one.
And I would imagine that if he does become the owner,
they do get that new rink downtown and that gets approval.
Yeah.
Well, I don't.
I feel like I go.
I don't know what I'm talking about.
I do not know what I'm talking.
I'm sure that'll probably be a factor at some point.
They will probably want to get a buyer for us.
So anyways, Ryan Reynolds buying buying or selling the Senators?
I'm buying.
Heavy buy.
I think this would, like Biz said,
this would be incredible for the NHL if someone of his stature owned an NHL
team.
What?
I'm sorry, Biz.
No brainer.
No brainer.
I'm all in.
We're all buying.
If you're looking for investors, let me know, Ryan.
And the team valuations come out.
I would rather not own than own the Senators, though.
For Sportico, the average franchise valuation is 1.01 billion,
and original six teams make up the top five.
So that means one of the original six teams is not in the top five
most richest NHL teams.
Who's that team?
Not there.
Didn't we do this last year? Yeah, we did it
two episodes ago. Detroit.
These are new numbers.
Now I understand why
all the Leafs hate because the
announcement came out last week. Two billion.
First NHL team to ever get over
two billion. Suck on that
one all you need. What's worth more, the Leafs or the Rangers?
Leafs.
Toronto, 2.12 billion. The Toronto, 2.12 billion.
The Rangers, 2 billion.
Then Montreal.
Hey, you put both those teams for sale,
the Rangers are getting more money.
100.
100.
You can give me a Forbes report.
I'll shove it right up your cornhole.
Actually, I'm not going near your cornhole.
I'll shove it right up my corn hole as a little butt plug, and
then the Rangers will make a... Rangers will sell
for 2.3.
The reverse retro...
I'm sorry, the retro reverse jerseys.
They've been all over the place lately. We haven't seen them all, but
we've seen a few. The Sabres white
goat head come out. I thought it looked pretty sharp.
Some people didn't like the white pants.
Buy or sell on the white goat head, G?
Sell. Those are disgusting.
I hate white pants.
I hate white gloves.
I just thought it looked stupid.
What about the black and red?
Black and red looks incredible.
Heavy, heavy buy on the black and red.
Okay.
What's buying the black?
What about the white?
I don't like the white.
I don't like the white.
I like the white.
I just maybe the white pants become a little bit much.
So I like them.
Oh, yeah.
I'm buying them both. I like the what if they had the if they had normal color pants with the white i loved them
it was just the pants i didn't like but no jersey reverse retro compares to the panthers hey the one
the one uni i did like that had the matching pants was the ducks with the orange no it wasn't
matching though their jerseys were white i know but the bottom part was orange. No, it wasn't matching though. Their jerseys were white.
I know, but the bottom part was orange. So it's segued nice from the orange to the orange pants.
And then a little bit of orange on the sock.
I thought it was the perfect amount of orange.
Anaheim is crushing, crushing the Jersey game right now on top of,
they just came out.
Why are you shaking your head?
I don't, I don't like what Anaheim has.
I wish they went to those old colors, like the turquoise colors from the mighty. Yeah. But they just came out why are you shaking your head i don't i don't like what anaheim has i wish they went to those old colors like the turquoise colors from the mighty well yeah they but they just came
out with those as well though with adidas they came out with the the throwback from the mighty
ducks movie and the hawks which are badass so adidas just killing the jersey game right now
some shitty ones the lightnings were were not that great. Sell, sell, sell. Holy shit. Those are brutal.
I almost texted Coop about those.
What are you doing, buddy?
He's got a lot of say in what goes on.
Oh yeah, you should text Coop. I'm the man.
Elon Musk is stupid.
Hey, Jake DeBrus puts the
Bruins up 1-0. Poshnok and
Marchand's with the assist. DeBrus
blocked a rocket shot by
Falk a couple minutes ago justin fogg and then
scores the bruins are just buzzing uh one last one the penguins they had the robo penguin on
jason zucker squad gave the yaga salute yaga gave a little bit of criticism made for some good
content no no no no he i would say it was criticism so we said shoot a little hotter i thought at the
end but no i know but he said some people didn't like it.
I loved it.
I loved it.
You respect the players of my era.
We had some great players.
It was a funny video.
I'll play the clip now.
I'll play the clip now.
Okay, sorry.
Hello, hockey fans.
What about the salute Jason Zucker did when he scored?
I was reading some comments.
Some people like it. Some people don't. I was reading some comments. Some people like it.
Some people don't.
I love it.
And I feel like they show a lot of respect for our era,
for our team, because we also had a lot of great players.
So thank you, Penguins.
Thank you, Jason.
And by the way, Jason, keep working on your shot,
because it wasn't hard enough.
I wouldn't think that that's criticism,
but no one can salute the way Yags did.
I didn't like the unis.
I thought I'd like them.
And it just, I mean, they also blew a lead against Buffalo.
The Penguins are, oh my God.
We'll talk.
We talked to talk already about that.
We don't need to kick them out anymore. I didn't love those selling one of the retro note.
The Capitals were kind enough to send us some of the gear our way.
I have yours at my house here.
They got a nice sweatshirt.
They sent a fanny pack, a bucket hat and a couple of koozies with all the old school logos they sent to the house.
There's your old buddy, Sergei Koturov.
Koturov used to do that.
Yeah.
What do you call PR stuff with the Coy right yeah yeah yeah he said he sent us some some washington
capitals jerseys i haven't gotten mine yet i'll get mine uh tomorrow or when this episode comes
out excuse me on tuesday at tnt so shout out to sergey we had some great years in uh in arizona
those were during our heydays so ever ever since he left, things have gone downhill.
Come back.
Come back.
Thank him for the kind gesture.
And a couple more notes here.
We have another rest in peace to the late Andrew Duncan.
The name might not ring a bell with you instantly,
but he portrayed perhaps the most underrated character
in the best hockey movie ever, Slapshot.
He played Jim Carr, the announcer in Slapshot.
Just so many underrated lines in it.
He was actually a second city vet from Chicago.
Had a movie career, but
everybody knows him from Slapshot.
The whole Syracuse Bulldog
speech he gives, Ogilveth up, and
that country's refusal to accept him.
Just iconic movie lines.
Very sad to hear that Andrew Duncan
passed away. Jim Carr, slap shot, man.
If any of his family or friends are listening, our deepest sympathies.
The guy had a huge role in the best sports movie ever,
the best hockey movie ever.
So did you guys watch the World Series with?
Did you watch Tico Texas lighten Houston up or what?
Yeah.
Congrats to the Houston Astros.
I think a pretty legit title for them now.
It's hard to really crush them now for the cheating win after getting this one.
How about that Mattress Mac guy winning 70 million on the
I think he had 10 million bet on the Astros to expect 70.
So that's a nice little payday.
And I got to eat some shit for Halloween too.
Last week I laughed at all the Halloween urban myths about candy bars getting blades in them and kids getting gummies and all that.
Well, psych, R.A.
Winnipeg police report weed edibles were given out on Halloween.
Chicago man allegedly hands out gummies after running out of candy.
Raises allegedly found among Halloween candy in Oregon.
Stay hot, R.A.
candy raises allegedly found among Halloween candy in Oregon.
Stay hot.
All right.
But I will say after 1542 stories about rainbow fentanyl in the two months before Halloween,
there wasn't one single story confirming it happened anywhere in the
U S.
All right.
Awesome.
You were right about that one.
Like,
let's just continue with the fentanyl warnings with the issues we have.
And just be like,
Oh yeah.
No doubt about that.
I've changed my mind.
I'm back on Elon Musk's team.
We're team smart.
Good luck with that.
So before we finish, all right, is Elon Musk smart?
I think he's smart in many areas.
I don't think he's smart in all areas.
Like every smart person, you know?
That's fair.
You have your strengths. I mean, I'm smart
in a lot of ways, and I'm a total dipshit in many
other ways. You do
think you can beat him in Jeopardy, confirmed?
I think anybody could beat anybody in Jeopardy
on any given night, depending on what the categories
are, yeah. Besides
those people who win like 30 shows in a row.
Like, you're not getting any of
them. Probably not, but you know,
whatever. I'll take him on any day of the week
Okay well everyone
Thanks for listening we love you all
We'll be back next week with more action
As always we like to thank our We'll be right back. longtime friends at No Days Wasted. Big thanks to our friends over at Cross Country Mortgage.
Huge thank you to our new friends at Chevy.
And a big thank you to our friends at Sport Clips.
Have a great week, everybody.
