Hey, Spittin' Chicklets listeners, you can find every episode on Apple Podcasts,
Spotify, or YouTube. Prime members can listen ad-free on Amazon Music.
Hello, everybody.
Welcome to episode 415 of Spittin' Chicklets, presented by Pink Whitney.
From our friends at New Amsterdam Park, you're hearing the Barstool Sports Podcast family.
What's shakin', everyone?
Had a busy week in the NHL.
A few of the boys had a little road trip down south.
And it's Hockey Hall of Fame time once again. But let's check in with the fellas.
Say hello first.
Producer Mikey Grinnelli, what is shaking with you, big guy?
It's also a little ravioli's birthday, R.A.
So that's what I did this past week, past weekend.
I threw ravioli her first birthday party.
I got a little custom cake made of mashed potatoes, purple mashed potatoes.
So it was awesome.
Just a great weekend with the dog.
And other than that, the Carolina trip was just a blast.
And I can't wait to talk about it with you guys. did you hear about these dog cakes it's in new york city
dude you can get anything anytime anywhere i just googled dog cakes and right away two blocks from
my apartment there's a place you can get a custom dog cake it had purple mashed potatoes all on the
outside had a nice pumpkin pumpkin uh mix on the inside so it was healthy
for her wow unbelievable wait have you ever heard about these did you see the patriots player whose
wife got him a birthday cake of her five hole like in dog style with a thong on was that also
recently what a segue was it a cavill cake and I think there's a picture of the guy licking her five-hole cake.
You just said dog cake, and I went to human cake.
Wyatt's birthday is Wednesday, guys.
Oh, God.
We're really hopping on here.
We're going human.
My son, my second-born son, Wyatt Tyler Whitney,
we're going real cake for him.
So I love the cake talk, though.
You got to go Cavell. Cavell's the cake talk, though. I'll go Carvel.
Carvel is the best ice cream cake.
Those little chocolate brown cookies.
Had you ever had you heard of the dog cakes?
Are you?
What about you?
I know.
Yeah, I know.
There's everything for dogs now, which is kind of weird because the dogs, I don't think they're cognizant.
It's their birthday.
It's like when people take dogs to religious things to get blessed by priests.
It's like I don't think the dog knows what's going on or really has any leanings really that happens oh yeah they like the blessing of the
animals oh yeah people take their their animals to church and they the priest like blesses their
animals and like the first communion i know i don't like that yeah it's it's uh yeah hey whatever
floats your boat i'm not you know whatever works for you but i just wonder what we're gonna have
after us well what if the dog like is secretly like a different legend but he can only bark and like tell you but nobody remember when
pita went after animal crackers oh in family guy no like they i think they made them take uh the
the animals off the off the box i mean granella you could google this maybe i'm crazy maybe i
oh you said pita i thought you meant Peter as in Peter Griffin. Oh,
no, Peter.
Speaking of family guy, remember they
wait, Biz, you're right. Barnum's Animal
Crackers cuts cages from the
box. All cages had to be removed
from the box.
Wow. People. I mean, you know what? I go
to the zoo and then I go to the zoo and I
feel bad, but I still enjoy
going once in a while. But every time I'm there, I do feel kind of bad. Hate the zoo and I feel bad, but I still enjoy going once in a while.
But every time I'm there, I do feel kind of bad.
Hate the zoo.
I hate it.
I'll tell you, the cages just look good on the box.
That's the unfair part.
When I think of those boxes, the cages look good on the animals.
I know it may sound bad, but it just looked like an old school circus fight.
I feel like there'd be
bigger bigger fights uh out there bigger bigger battles to be won than getting the
yeah a fucking cage off a cookie box that nobody gives a fuck about how many how many dollars and
resources for that you donate to pita went to getting the the cage off the box a family guy
uh remember they used a line that you used very early on the show and on
chicklets i mean it was a huge coincidence have we ever gotten the answer if that was
after the chicklets time i said that oh no 100 100 it was what you said you said it first and
then it was on the show later i mean we didn't confirm that they heard it on our show and used
it but it was an awful coincidence that explain all right explain you have to explain this for me i don't even remember this cte baby so when
what early early in the episodes it was i think pre-biz days and you know we were heavy on the
khl russia content with wit and he said every woman there is either what a one or a ten i believe
well lo and behold on a family guy when peter went to russia he was driving around he's a car
every every woman has either one or ten.
And it was like it was so like spot on.
We were like, it was so funny because they had the picture of like the old babushka and then like zoot rocket supermodel Russian old babushka.
You know what I mean?
It was kind of one.
So the actual cartoon of it was very funny.
I mean, so that's like the first person to say that, by the way.
Right.
No, because you're probably talking all these hockey players,
which the first question I ask any guy who played in the KHL,
I said, how are the ladies in Moscow?
And they go, buddy, it doesn't make sense.
It doesn't make sense.
It doesn't make sense.
They are straight up fem bots.
So that's, I mean, every time you talk to somebody,
and now I know why all these guys do go over to the KHL.
I know one of the writers, a family guy, Alex Selkin,
he's a local guy, a Massachusetts guy.
So if there is a connection from Chicklets to a family guy,
I suspect he might have been behind it.
Great writer, great Twitter follow.
So if not, hey, what do they say?
Imitation is the sincerest form of flattery.
So it's all good.
Let's sue him.
What are you up to?
Where are you right now? You're in a different location every time. No, I'm not is the sincerest form of flattery. So it's all good. Let's sue him. What are you up to? Where are you right now?
You're in a different location every time.
No, I'm not in a different location.
I'm a different background.
I guess different background.
I did.
I got a little set design.
The background is anyone else agreed?
Is that doesn't that look like a giant gummy bear?
The red thing?
No, that's a Buddha head.
A female gummy bear or like a big candle kind of looks like a giant candle.
I love the pink Whitney golf clubs there,
but it's yeah,
that is a hell of a with the hockey stick.
Wow,
man,
you got a great background.
that's actually,
I mean,
we're going to get to it.
We got a couple sandbaggers in our belt and our belt buckle.
So is that what you say in the belt buckle?
But every time before I leave for a round,
I rubbed the lady's head for good luck.
And I'll tell you what business has been buzzing, wit's been buzzing.
We got four in a row.
And ladies and gentlemen, we have a sandbagger dropping this week.
Colby Armstrong and Bugsy Malone.
And of course, Merles is there.
So a little bit of a Chicklets Etc. type of feel.
But I appreciate you pumping the tires of the backdrop.
I put some hard work into it today.
Guys, real quick, speaking of Chicklets, etc.,
we never picked a name for Chicklets, etc.
I mean, there was a lot of talk about us, you know,
maybe check the game notes, Bud, maybe the Mindsies.
Do you guys have any take?
Can we get a final vote here on what the name's going to be?
Because we have another show coming up in two weeks.
I don't think anybody liked Chicklets, etc.,
compared to what the options are with.
That was worse than real wit. I didn't hear one good thing liked Chicklets, etc. Compared to what the options are with. That was worse than real wit.
I didn't hear one good thing about Chicklets, etc.
The name of the show, as opposed to the content.
Everyone loved it.
That can't be the name.
That name's horrific.
So I laughed when I originally heard, check the game notes, bud.
I could never say that I would be a final vote in this.
I think it's up to them, but we can't be having chicklets, et cetera,
anymore. Let's have a, let's have a new name on the next episode.
The second episode.
I love the minds and the minds is another. That's a,
that's a sleeper pick. Yeah.
Those are the two front runners right right now are the Mindsies.
And check the game notes, Bud, or check the game notes.
I say no, Bud.
Yeah, check the game notes works better.
I like that much better.
I think it's just
Yeah, no, Bud.
No, Bud.
I agree with that.
Check the game notes.
It's just  yeah, it's a great little title.
Whether they know the history or not, they can learn it.
But I think it beats the other one as well.
So we'll see what happens.
So you guys are down Carolina for the sandbagagger you guys went to a carolina uh game that night
did you guys partake in the tailgate because it's one of the few places that you can actually
tailgate in any gel game or if not the only one was there tailgating on a thursday night
so it was uh it was kind of raining as we got to the game we didn't get there early enough for the
tailgate i have a lot of things to say about
the experience down there biz we had a sandbagger that went a little late i without i can't give
anything away one of the most ridiculous ending basically in the dark that we've ever had so
that'll be coming out i don't know in the next two months next month and a half that's not even
the magic we got coming Wednesday.
So we got late.
We were a little late to the game, but I walked in.
And now I remember playing there my first year in the league.
They were sick.
They won the cup.
They were just the crowd was unreal.
I remember seeing the crowd when I went there for the 0-2 final game three.
Igor Larionov in triple overtime.
I've seen this place in an amazing atmosphere.
And then the next few years, I want to say 0-6, 0-7, 0-8.
I don't remember how they did, but it didn't seem like when we were playing down there that the crowds were the same.
They lost a lot of luster when the team struggled
well any thought of of that i had is completely over because biz that place blew me away it was
awesome it was electric ra the place is going nuts they they're they're busting in college kids from
elon i mean nc state kids are going. We were there, what, Thursday night?
Thursday night.
Thursday in Raleigh.
And then they score goals already.
Did their song.
Can we play the song quick in the podcast?
North Carolina.
Come on.
Come on.
They get shut up.
No.
So, I'll let you take over.
But I am on that Canes bandwagon now.
I got a bunch of different teams there.
They're a team that's on the Witt radar in terms of I'll hop on that bandwagon very quick and easy living down there.
Great golf.
Just an amazing trip.
Justin Williams.
We can't thank him enough.
I keep talking, Biz.
Go ahead, buddy.
We'll know Eric Cole as well.
He was a funny basher on the course.
So those are the two guys we got banked.
I believe they will be coming out right before Christmas.
As far as the trip, a quick in and out.
It was fun.
After a couple nights at TNT, I thought I'd be a little bit tired,
but I tell you what, the area and just being there put me in such a good
fucking mood.
And then the game to follow.
You talked about the energy in the building.
Shout out to Williams and the entire Canes organization.
They hooked us up to start in the press box.
And then Willie brought us down.
I think Eric Cole and his buddies had a box.
So we got to kind of be more in the mix with the fans.
I mean, other than stroking off Carolina,
what they got going there with one of my major takeaways
from that trip was the Oilers are in trouble and I'm not trying to
troll either.
And I know you're going to say,
this is coming and you have every right to bring it up,
but without McDavid and dry sidle sincerely from the bottom of my heart,
this may be a lottery team.
I know.
No,
no,
I'm going to go even further to say without mcdavid and dry sidle
i would take the coyotes in a seven game series against the oil right now
we're gonna get to connor the oilers in a second a couple of the notes in raleigh because
give him no give him some time to think and digest that one all right i appreciate you
that's a buddy move all right that's a buddy move, R.A.
That's a buddy move, man.
I don't even need one goddamn second because a lot of what I have to say
would kind of agree with what you're saying right now.
But we'll get into it later.
That T, though, you just held up to the screen.
That makes me want to T so bad right now.
Go warm the throat up, baby.
It's going to be a long pod.
What kind of T?
That is an English breakfast because I want a little bit of a little kick in the arse guys we have so much fucking hockey to talk about the league is
thriving right now the storylines are incredible i've been i feel like we got a month's worth of
conversation going all the way back to tuesday we had a doubleheader tuesday tnt wednesday tnt
the fucking headliners were out wit you should go grab a tea and ra i'm gonna throw it back to
you because we had a few more things to talk about i'm gonna uber eat the tea uh you biz if you like
tea you're gonna try yorkshire tea it's uh british tea english tea the best in the world i've drank
tea my whole life i started that a couple years ago someone suggested it you'll never go back to
whatever you want before you're all right and you know what we're going to do on this podcast? Like the ladies say, we're going to spill the tea.
I love spilling that tea.
What's up with?
Give me that girl.
Girl, we want that NHL.
That's actually a new term for me.
And I love it.
I love spilling that tea or anyone can spill tea to me.
All right.
Am I am I to guess that you put a lot of milk and a lot of sugar in your tea or you just crushing it black?
No, I put a dollop of milk in and I actually put honey in my tea.
OK, that's a class move. Yeah, I put it. I put a move.
All right. Teaspoon, a little teaspoon plus in my tea because this Yorkshire tea is so good.
I grew up drinking a lot of tea on occasion, Lipton, and someone suggested this Yorkshire stuff.
I got it on air from Amazon.
It's, like I said, from England.
I drank it.
I'll never drink any other tea again.
I've gotten a couple of my family members on it.
I've converted them.
It's awesome.
It's just such a delicious tea.
You don't even need sugar or milk.
But anyways, back to Carolina.
It's straight Colombian wolf in a bag,
and he's just fucking dunking it in there.
All right, this tea is white.
It's supposed to be like that.
So listen, we're going to be back in Carolina, Biz.
The Stadium Series, Saturday, February 18th, 8 o'clock,
the Caps and Canes at NC State's Carter-Finley Stadium.
That's going to be the real tailgate, I think.
But, boys, you know what?
I think we should do the night before.
I know we're probably going to have a meet and greet
or something going on.
The night before, one night only,
Hootie and the Blowfish are going to be playing down
there as part of the festivities the night before the game yeah who hired them the team i i don't
know exactly who but there's there are concert down there i think we should do a meet and greet
early and we should talk to our friends at game time maybe and try to go see hootie they don't
they haven't done a show in ages so a one-off with Tootie the Bluefish? Well, either it was the league or the Canes.
What a job.
That's a great band to kick things off.
How buckled will you be at that show?
Don't you go see these guys regularly?
Actually, I've never seen Hootie in concert.
I like him.
He was huge in my college days.
I never actually saw him in person.
But, yeah, I'll go back into college mode if we see them down in North Carolina.
Wait, you're going to be on vacation, correct?
I believe so.
When is that?
That's my 40th birthday?
Yes.
Yeah, I probably won't be there.
All right.
Me and R.A. playing beanbag toss in the parking lot,
playing college kids for their lunch money.
When did you turn 40, Whit?
That game, R.A., that's what we're talking about.
That actual day, the 18th okay
19th 19th okay so the next day i'm actually not saying i definitely won't be there i'm not at all
i'm not at all i'm just not exactly sure yet but you know what i i i'll be back there in the
playoffs i could tell you that that's a get that's an actual that's a billy guarantee we'll get to
the wild later all right before we go any farther here on Spitting Chickens, here's a word from our
presenting sponsor, Pink Whitney.
Pink Whitney is the
only shot you should be taking when
celebrating a big life milestone
or even just watching a big game.
I love seeing fans who tweet
us that they're doing this, doing that, they're having a
shot, they're watching their favorite game,
somebody scores, boom, they whack a couple shots back.
We love it, and we especially love it when you tag us in your bachelor, bachelorette party, or wedding. shot they're watching their favorite game somebody scores boom they whack a couple shots back we love
it and we especially love it when you tag us in your bachelor bachelor party or wedding very popular
at a lot of these weddings lately so make sure you tag us and hey gridley what do we got on tap
lately we are going to be doing a pink whitney signing on december 2nd in philadelphia from 5
to 7 p.m at fine wine and good spirits Spirits on 180 West Girard Avenue in Philadelphia.
And already on top of that, the Pink Whitney was flowing this past weekend when we were in North Carolina filming a sandbagger.
It was also flowing in the other sandbagger that comes out this Wednesday with Colby Armstrong and Bugsy Malone.
But the Pink Whitney is always flowing, R.A.
Of course, and of course, we're going to be back there
for the stadium series in February.
I'm sure it's going to be flowing then as well.
But we have a lot of exciting stuff for Pink Whitney coming in 2023.
So make sure to head to your local bar and ask them for some Pink Whitney.
Should we talk about a couple of the other Pink Whitney appearances
we got coming up as well?
Gee, I'm going to throw it over to you.
I know we got some hockey to talk about,
but we're going to be hitting up some arenas here soon.
And Ari, I don't know if you want to take it or G.
No, I mean, yeah, Thursday, we're going to be in Philadelphia.
We're going to the Flyers game.
This is Thursday, December 1st.
We're going to the Flyers game, doing some big deal brew activations.
Friday, December 2nd, we're doing a pink Whitney bottle signing
in Philly from five to seven at Fine Wine in Good Spirits on 180 West Girard Avenue in Philadelphia.
Saturday, December 3rd, I believe we're flying to Detroit to do a little appearance at a retailer, a quick bar meetup before a Red Wings game.
Then the boys are hitting Little Caesars Arena Sunday, driving or flying to Columbus, hitting a retailer there for a little big deal brew activation.
Then I believe we're hitting our bar before the game,
before the Blue Jackets game, do a little Pink Whitney shots,
little big deal brew. And then I don't know, Biz, do you want to say it?
We might be off to New Jersey.
I want to go to the Columbus game. They're at home.
And then I'm going to fly. I was going to,
I was thinking about going back to Arizona and getting cozy,
but I said,
you know what?
I got to answer to a fan base and one man in particular,
Frank,
the tank,
I am going to fly to New York.
We're going to record live on that Monday.
Is he calling you open?
No,
he ain't calling me out,
but I want to go to a game.
I want to see with my own eyes,
what they got brewing there in New Jersey. I'm going to go into New York and I'm going to go to a game. I want to see with my own eyes what they got brewing there in New Jersey.
I'm going to go into New York
and I'm going to go to that Wednesday game.
Or no, excuse me, it's a Tuesday game.
It's a Tuesday game, the 6th,
December 6th, Chicago Blackhawks
against the New Jersey Devils
because they have been humming. And we're not going to
talk the Devils quite yet, but I want
to go see it with my own eyes and Frank the Tank,
an absolute hardcore Devils jock sniffer.
And of course, Posh will be with me too.
Well, you did see with your own eyes in Carolina last week.
Connor McDavid, TNT kicked off the week with him earlier in the week.
We're going to start there.
He continues his toward pace.
He had a goal and an assist versus Tampa Bay that night.
Had a goal and an assist for us.
Carolina later in the week has an assist later in the week assist versus Tampa Bay that night. Had a goal and an assist versus Carolina later in the week.
Has an assist later in the week, whoever they played Saturday night.
He's got two points a game he's averaging right now.
32 points in 16 games.
I know you made a video for PMT.
Were you getting trolled there?
Were you trolling?
What was going on there?
That was bullshit.
They were being fucking assholes to our lower stage.
Those guys were treating me like some no-name,
fourth-line scrub pigeon.
They wouldn't even let me get my point across.
PFT was pardon the interruption, pardon the interrupting of Witty.
And you know what?
It was actually so funny when Big Cat said,
well, then why did they come off the ice?
I knew right away on social I could just see the comments.
Like, this guy
literally thinks he can skate the whole game.
So it went great in terms of their plan.
But my argument's
legit.
Wait, let me play the audio quick.
Okay, go ahead.
Alright, so Connor McDavid, best player
in all sports right now. Connor McDavid, the most
dominant at his sport. If he's the most dominant at his sport,
then you would figure that they would have won the Stanley Cup.
Good point, PFC.
It's not an individual scumbag league like the NBA.
You need to have a great team around you.
It's not one or two guys.
Well, then you can't be the most dominant at your sport.
No.
Yes, you can be.
Okay, for the like quarter of the game that he's on the ice.
No, because even in the playoffs he was.
He doesn't have.
He can't throw in...
Last year, and maybe...
It's harder to be dominant as an individual in the NHL.
That's what I'm saying.
Well, no.
Being dominant and being that good cannot lead you to a cup.
The way one or two amazing NBAers can win you an NBA title,
it'll never happen in hockey.
If he was so dominant, why does he come off the ice?
That's a good question. That's something that where if you
skate long enough, if you've ever done it,
you run out of wind.
You can't really continue to do it.
NBA players don't come off the court.
That's because they walk around the court
and then their exciting, crazy plays
are dunks, which is like me
putting the trash away in the kitchen.
There's no
course of
you guys trying to mention that that's
similar. It's just you trolling me. I won't stand for it.
The Honest Plays is 48 minutes.
What are the longest shifts in the NHL?
What's the longest shift you ever played?
If you get caught in your own zone, you can be out there 2-2.5 minutes.
Oh man, that sounds awful.
People don't understand because they don't skate.
Like 120 seconds?
It's almost like people don't get boxing in terms of a three-minute round is so long.
People are like, oh, three minutes.
Hockey's kind of similar.
Without the punches to the face.
That's crazy because in soccer, they play for 90 minutes and they don't get a break.
Yeah, that's true. Well, they get one at halftime, but it's 45 minutes at a time.
Some of the most amazing athletes in terms of endurance and wind in the world.
And toughness as well.
Basketball players are a joke.
And you guys both know that.
Hockey players don't do their, what are the days called?
Load management.
Load management.
So don't even start with that.
Load management's important.
You guys just bring me in for an NHL preview and you troll the NHL.
No, no, no, no, no.
For anyone who didn't hear when I was, I think it was two weeks ago, maybe.
He is that much greater than anyone else that plays in the NHL.
That I look around every other league.
Now, the one name that popped up, I think PFT said it, was Otani, the pitcher in Anaheim.
That's actually a pretty legit argument because he's hitting like 40 dingers.
I think he's a beast. He's an animal pitcher and he rakes hits bombs so i that's never been done right
so i guess that's a great that's a great argument the other argument i heard was i don't know
exactly his first name it's like holland he's i think norweg, and he plays for Manchester City in the English Premier League.
He's scoring like two goals a game.
He's got hat tricks coming out of his arsehole.
In the British Premier League right now?
Yes, the English Premier League.
Man City's in second.
He was the biggest transfer ever who came over from a team in Germany.
Erling Haaland?
He's like actually Mc Holland. He's a,
he's a,
he's like actually McDavid.
He's six,
four.
He's up there.
He's a machine.
He's a striker.
He's so much faster,
stronger than everyone.
Unreal highlights,
even if you're not a soccer fan.
So he's another name that was thrown out there.
So that,
that are very,
those are very legit arguments. So I'm not saying I'm always right,
but I like believing I'm right.
And he just does things. We got to witness it in Carolina. Now, yes, Edmonton stinks.
They're back to stinking. Now, I said this last year and look how that turned out. We were
four games away from going to the Stanley Cup final. We had a great run. Western Conference
final wasn't good. But I said this last year. There's times where they need stuff from the third and fourth line.
They didn't get it. But back to McDavid.
I just he is when he scored the goal the other night, he's getting he gets the puck early along the wall.
And even the ball, the box were sitting in. Everyone's like when he when he has it, they're kind of getting a little quiet.
They're watching him. He cuts in quick backhand. You're just like, what just happened?
I've never seen a guy penetrate box like him.
He can penetrate box with the best of them.
Like tightest box in the league.
Just penetrate it every time.
Hard.
And then he's out of the box.
Then he's out of the box.
Bing, bang, boom.
Like a fucking fiddler's elbow.
It's kind of like, yeah, it's like a true magician at work.
That's a great way to put it.
That's a really good comparison by you,
but so I,
I just,
I love,
I love getting the chance to watch him play live.
Unfortunately,
the Oilers,
like I said,
it's,
it's ugly.
It's ugly.
I,
do you want me to expand or do you have questions?
So Pooey RV.
So I can go to,
yeah,
he's not,
I feel 2016 draft.
Oh, no.
Here comes the list.
Read them off.
Matthew Kachuk, two picks after him.
Clayton Keller, the pick after that.
Oh, my God.
Nine.
Mikkel Surgitev.
Sorry, I can't talk right now. You could try that one again if you want.
Okay.
Nine.
Mikkel Surgitev. This one hurts. 14 can't talk right now. You could try that one again if you want. Okay. Nine. Mikhail Sergachev.
This one hurts.
14.
Boston McAvoy.
Can you imagine trying McAvoy and the Evan Terrellers?
Oh, my God.
Can you imagine that?
He'd want 12.
Can you shut your eyes and just think?
He'd want like 13 to stay.
R.A.'s like, no, don't say that, kid.
We got Jacob Chikrin soon after that.
There's a name at 26 who we can get into a goal.
This guy scored this week, but this is Pooey Harvey's draft.
I will say, though, it's very.
Tate Thompson and the Edmonton Oilers.
Granted, he's been traded.
This is death by a thousand cuts, but I will say it's very ironic to hear.
And I know some of you at home are punching your fucking steering wheels
wherever you are saying a guy who's a fans of the Oilers bitching about the
draft.
You guys had how many fucking layup first overall picks in the NHL draft.
So I was just going to throw that back to you after that quick comment.
Um,
yeah,
I mean,
I,
I,
yeah,
I was,
what?
Well,
you're just getting a lot of bad drafts.
It's not it's not me about complaining about the drafts.
It's it's more about you're so lucky to get those picks.
And when you you know, they were just so close from having a true.
Dynasty, now you're relying on two guys.
Now, the argument of they didn't have them.
Well, they do have them.
So that's not I mean.
That's kind of a stupid argument. They're there. And that's my point is when they can get rounded into form and hopefully get some contributions from the third third Yamamoto.
He doesn't have a goal, I don't think. So. With with that, with that, how bad they look now and the Campbell situation, even though Stuart Skinner looks good,
Campbell right now is a nightmare.
They could still ride those two and get hot and get to the playoffs
and get to a Stanley Cup.
That's my argument, okay?
So I know without them, they're weak, but they have them.
I will say, though, the amount of trolling going on on PMT
and just with them taunting Canada with the,
sorry, sorry. At this point, i don't know if after chirping our lord and savior mcjesus that they would they
would allow to get into canada at this point i think a big apology to all of canada as an order
from the pmt podcast not only with how they treated you but of course what they were kind of
they were kind of ragging on mcdusty a little bit now they were ragged you know what by ragging on mcdusty they're really
ragging on all of us biz that's what i'm saying they're taunting the game of hockey so i think
we have to declare war against the pmt podcast at least from a hockey perspective so really
nationality should have nothing to do with it now drink that tea and spill that tea saying that what the fuck is this guy's problem
i'm on tnt on the national broadcast and this guy's on pace for 82 fucking goals and i say
hey connor was there a different mindset coming to this season at the fact that you're scoring
at such a rapid pace even before i asked the question i say i hate to beat the dead horse here
but people want to know what was your mindset if it was such a stupid fucking question
why it was dry sidle talking about the fact that you were going to get 60 coming in the year
what were you talking about with your buddies and what was your mindset coming in in which you were
going to start scoring at a more rapid pace in the answer he's like well
I think he fucking rolled his eyes to the back of his head when I asked him and he goes well
I know that's you and I've scored 40 a couple times so we get off of it I say fuck I'm just
some donkey asking the questions talks now ragging on my question and then I bring up your story
I say Sidney Crosby the year he scored 51 i want
to say it was his fourth season in the national hockey league talbot came up he said buddy he's
gonna get 50 and you're like sid pass first mentality that's how he's always been what's
gonna make him get 50 goals he went and he switched to a one piece and he worked on it all fucking
summer long and then he took 10 K off you.
He had a different mindset coming into that year.
So I don't think it was that stupid of a question.
What do you think,
Mr.
Fucking Euler?
What's your,
what's your captain?
What's his problem?
What's,
what's the problem he's got with me?
Um,
they were on a bit of a losing streak.
That pregame intro,
that was a pregame interview,
right?
Yeah. They were on a bit of a slide. I thinkgame intro that was a pregame interview right yeah they were on a bit of a slide i think seven games okay so i mean at that point this guy's just so sick of
losing and it's a question about his goal scoring and he's just like fuck get off me biz he's like
let me sleep let me just let me just don't ask me about my individual stuff he probably would
have answered what's going on with,
what are you guys got to do to get out of the slump?
I should have said, hey, when the fuck is this bottom six going to wake up,
these fucking losers?
Huh?
You should have just.
How sore is your back?
You want a little back rub?
No wonder you got the hot tub in your backyard.
Your back's about to fall off from carrying these fucking bums.
Is that what I should have asked them?
Sometimes the greats got gotta carry some guys along and and and then if they find their way at the at the the most key moment you know
in in february and march and leading into the playoffs and then just going on a run and and
just and just figuring everything out but i mean we actually are talking about the oilers too much
without mentioning how scary that was with the Vander Cain boys. Yes.
R.A., you can kind of let everyone know the entire backstory of the night it was and who it was against.
Yeah, the same game, Edmonton and Tampa.
Very scary moment.
Vander Cain suffered a gruesome gash across his wrist.
A total accident.
Pat Maroon was skating by, and he was exposed between his glove and his hand,
and it just sliced him.
And immediately, you could see the horror in of his face and he got up and went
right to the bench and there was already a huge pool of blood.
And even the big rig knew it was up.
You could see him motioning to get some help right away. And, you know,
I think these type of incidents guys are scarier than,
than when they bring the stretch out.
Cause the stretch is usually precautionary and, you know,
it's just being extra careful. Whereas when a guy gets gashed like that,
man, you know, there's the potential to bleed out and it's everything is,
they got to get them out of there.
Got to get them taken care of right away.
And Evander commended the Tampa and Edmonton staff.
They treated him right away, got him to the hospital.
You know, he put out a statement right away.
Thanks for everybody for reaching out.
I'm going to be fine.
I'm feeling better each and every day.
He's going to be out three to four months, but it's just those things,
especially after what happened to Clint Malachek years ago. And a couple other incidents zitnik the zednik they're just horrific when
there's that much blood on the ice because it's it's just much more of an emergency situation
that when a guy you know has to get taken out in a stretcher again typically for precautionary
reasons so uh either way uh evander we're happy you're doing better buddy i get well we hate to
see this so uh we hope you get back out there in a few months because nobody wants to see that with anybody
yeah such a tough boss and he said afterward right down to the bone the amount of blood that hit the
ice as quick as it did i was like oh fuck this he's in one and the first responders closing that
fucker up and i think they had to do it outside the locker room right then and there or at least
stop it there and then they finally got him over to hospital so well this didn't didn't you have
like a similar injury like that when you were playing in the ahl yes i uh i was playing in
wilkes-barre i don't know if i've told the story on the podcast before i don't i don't think you
were around i think you were in the nhl at the time. I wasn't there. And we were playing against Hershey in playoffs and I got hit ass over tea
kettle high and low.
And the guy who hit me high when he took the next step,
he stepped right on my wrist.
So when I got up, I was dazed and out of it,
but I saw blood on my shirt and on my other arm.
So I started touching my face cause I was still out of it.
And then I looked to the people who were right there in the front row and they just had their mouth their mouths covered and then i looked over to my left
wrist and it was just squirting out like crazy and luckily our door was right there ran right down the
tunnel and that's when he like thanked the you know the paramedics first responders the doctors
on staff because like i was white as a ghost and we had had this doctor in wilkes-barre i want to
say he was like in he was a medic at a war not not world war ii what was the one after i think it was
vietnam and he took a thread and needle and closed the artery that had opened up that was shooting
out like i was fucking freaking out it ended up cutting my tendons uh nerve i had a major nerve damage i can't feel
my yeah and then but hey i'll never forget though so i the ambulance takes me over after they get
it closed up and stabilized and uh i'm talking to the doctor at the other place and it you i
couldn't really move my fingers obviously because the tendons were cut but he came in and kind of
looked at he's like ah stop being a wimp you'll be back next week so i was like fuck i'm like that's fucking unbelievable
news but god this feels like it's got to do a lot of healing before then well then they fly me out
to pittsburgh and i go see dr buderbaugh and they get in there and there i was out for fucking six
months i had i had to wear that arm thing that evander's got on, and you have to sleep. Holy fuck, Doc.
Talk about an all-time worth.
That's petrifying.
You know what the scariest thing is?
Actually, I want to shout out the training staff,
and I don't know the name of the Lightning guys, and I should,
but playing for Edmonton, TD Force, Chris Davey, Happy, we call him.
Those guys, I mean, thank God for them.
And then Tampa Bay and the doctors there.
And what's so scary is something like that happening in a rink.
And guys are playing men's league or something.
It's just like, thank God that they have the help right there.
Because Evander Kane's face, you could tell the horror, as scary as it sounds.
That stuff is, it's so scary.
That's Tom Mulligan, Tom Mulligan is the head athletic trainer in Tampa.
Yeah, and think it back to that tragedy.
Oh my God, in high school hockey, I hate even talking about it.
It makes my skin crawl, you guys.
Do you remember that?
So it's scary.
Basically, thank God he's all right.
Yeah, Liam McHugh was like, I'm surprised it doesn't happen more with like how guys are just
flying around and how fast the game
is but it's terrible
terrible it's always a fluke
thing and you hate to see it but again Evander
hopefully you're doing well get back out there soon we want to see you
back out in the ice and we have to circle back
though if I ever get to ask him a question on
TNT again I'm asking about his hot tub
every fucking single time
every time moving forward now hot tub every fucking single time.
Every time moving forward now.
Hot tub time machine with Connor McDavid.
I can't wait to hear those clips.
The nightcap that night, Biz.
You guys had Nashville and Seattle crack and smack the Preds around 5-1.
It's been a bit of a bimpy start.
A bumpy start for the Preds, 6-8-1.
13 points has them three points back of the second wildcard,
four points back of third place in the Central.
And Yussi Saros, my boy, a Vezina finalist last year.
He's kind of struggled a bit coming out of the gate.
He has yet to win two games in a row,
and the Preds have only done it themselves twice.
11 starts. He's 4-6-1 with a 3-2-2-9-0-1.
But he was excellent Saturday and went over the ranges.
And I think once he puts together a few games in a row,
you kind of see that form come back.
And I think Nashville will rally around him.
I mean, like I said, I think their defense is better.
They brought in Ryan McDonough.
He's obviously a huge defenseman to bring in over the offseason.
I think they'll get better.
As for Seattle, you mentioned Jordan Ebley.
He said this is one of the most well-balanced teams he's been on, Biz.
Yeah, so I was actually kind of getting a pre-scout for a couple teams,
and Army said that he talked to him when he was in pittsburgh and he's and that those
were the words out of his mouth and this is a guy who played with the islanders who that they have
one of the best well by well balanced lineups in the league excuse me so to hear that and the way
that they've been playing their d don't really hop out at you martin jones is is having a career
year about well bounce back year to when he was in San Jose.
But the more you look at that forward group
and the matchups that like the Tanevs has,
the Schwartzes, like they're chewing teams up right now
and they're playing some great hockey.
I mean, as far as Nashville's concerned,
Toc brought up a good point.
He's like, man, look at how many of their forwards
had career years last year.
Like sometimes when you see that, guys, not to say they regress it's just like well they fucking had
a career year everything was going in you know so right now they got to get their mojo back they're
not scoring many goals they're not keeping them out of the net so i agree with you ra on paper
this team they added nino nita rider they added mcdonough they got the same goaltender
this team
should be flying so like you said a couple games for for him under his belt a couple w's playing
some good hockey i think they can get things back on track but uh man seattle that's kind of that
surprise team and there's a few of them absolutely uh currently third in the pacific with 19 points
uh the kraken have also given us a new rival for you, Biz. Bowie, he talked smack to you
on the... Well, he didn't talk. He had a sign
on the broadcast. The Jumbotron talking
shit. What's this all about? You and Bowie.
I know you picked the beef on the show.
Well, he was unverified, and then I
fucking chirped him on TNT.
Then he got the checkmark shocker Twitter.
Well, maybe now that Elon's got it,
Bowie will lose it, but
talking shit on your last nationally televised broadcast,
and then now we don't see Seattle the rest of the year.
Typical move by a SJ Dub, blue-haired freak.
Typical move.
All right, you picked Seattle at the beginning of the year
to get in the playoffs, right?
Yeah, I guess so.
I mean, they're playing significantly better than last year.
Well, you bought them last week, too.
When you did the buyer sell segment on the Seattle Kraken last week,
you said, I'm buying.
I think they will be a playoff team.
Martin Jones, my man.
Remember I picked him to win the Vezna that one year?
Yeah, you were just a few years behind.
He's bombing through the league right now.
Yeah, the Kraken are nice.
Do you like those jerseys they have?
Okay, I was going to bring that up.
I think that the socks need to have as much of that color.
Is it turquoise?
Is that the color that it is?
Turquoise, aqua.
I was going with aqua.
Yeah, like that aqua color.
There's too much on the jersey compared to
the sock so it throws it off balance i think they should have dumbed down that aqua color
it just seems a little too top heavy for me but everything else about it i don't mind it's brutal
i think it sucks well there you go that's a strong opinion they could have done something really cool
really special had like a real vintage vibe to it and they just i think they blew it would be i think it's the same color it's the same color as uh bowie's hair color no
wonder they went excessive on it fucking losers didn't um probably got a maroon seattle jersey
back in the day with an s that might have been either a mock-up or the metropolitans perhaps
way back that was the metropolitan shirt that would have been kind a mock-up or the Metropolitans, perhaps, way back. That was the Metropolitan jersey.
That would have been kind of cool.
I agree.
But these jerseys, actually, they are under the Seattle Ironmen.
First formed as the Isaacson Ironmen of the Northwest Industrial Hockey League
back in 1943-44 during World War II.
So, sounds like you hate the troops, Mike.
Guess so.
I'm a fan of these jerseys.
Not going to lie.
I don't know why.
This is usually something I'd hate, but I'm liking it.
I'm digging.
I like them.
Like when you look at pictures of them, but then once you see them on the ice, it's just like, I don't know.
It just was like messing with my eyes the whole time.
It was too bright.
I think it's the.
Yeah, exactly.
It's too much of that aqua color. and they didn't balance it on the bottom half a jersey that would look good with blue
jeans on but not on the ice agreed kind of like the the white buffalo ones that people weren't
digging the the with the buffalo head or what do they call it the hamster head goat head the goat
head the goat head the hamster i got a package in the mail last week i wasn't expecting anything i
opened it up and it was a Toronto Maple Leafs reverse retro jersey.
And I was looking for like a card or a name tag.
I figured someone was trolling me or whatever.
And there was nothing there.
I don't Adidas must have my address.
They just sent it out and they said, oh, tag us.
It was a gift.
So that was me.
All right.
That was me.
OK, sure.
I swear.
No, I swear to God, that was me.
I swear to God, that was that was me.
I played a prank on you.
That's why I told you to videotape yourself opening it,
and you sent me a video of you opening something else.
But, yeah, I sent you the leaf.
Rip another fucking bong.
Hey, rip the bong again, all right?
He's opening up his wife's Amazon package.
You don't remember that conversation?
It's like a makeup cleanser.
He's like, ah, sweet, Mikey.
She told me two weeks ago, said you got a package coming when it comes.
Have your wife, you know, videotape you open it.
OK, so it was like chicken's merch.
OK, I made the video, sent it off.
And she's like, oh, thank you.
And then what a week and a half, two weeks later, the Leafs jersey came.
So like, you know, I didn't think that had a very good on our side.
I couldn't blow it, though.
So when with the merch, I couldn't feel like you you have a Leafs jersey coming, R.A.?
Well, you could have said, oh, shit, they must have been coming already.
No, it's something else coming.
And you would have had me hook, line, and sinker because, I mean,
I get chick merch all the time.
So I was like, chicklets merch.
So I just figured it was that.
I thought it was weird to record.
Whoa, whoa, whoa.
What do you get?
You call chicklets merch chick merch?
No, and I immediately corrected myself.
Chicklets merch.
R.A.'s got an OnlyFans.
If I could just jump in real quick.
Wait, you wanted me to remind you about our our video editor skating through the airport.
They take the rental car like earlier, G and the boys.
And then I show up to the airport. I walk down the stairs.
They're right in front of me. He's holding a skateboard.
I'm like, what'd you like?
When were you skateboarding in Raleigh?
He's like, no, I bring it for the airport.
I'm like, what?
He's like, I just bomb around the airport on the skateboard.
Nobody ever says a word.
I'm like, show me right now.
He takes off and runs a full sprint, 15 yards,
plops this thing down like tony hawk and is ripping through like
of he's a good skateboarder i'll give him that he does a big ass loop he's he's he's passing the
people who are moving on the on the moving walkways yeah yeah yeah he's an f1 car and he
does a big ass loop and then he does a couple more sprints it comes flying back at us where
and i'm like where do we sit on that i was like i'm like you're an asshole i'm like i think i like
i understand how cool it is but you're the not cool i understand the whole premise he's like
yeah i could bomb around anyway i'm like but you're an asshole you know who are bigger assholes
than that and and the people who are bringing like uh eagles and falcons on planes the ones who have the
the carry-ons that have that you can make into like a little cart that you they have the motorized
carts that are lugging and they ride them right and they sit on their luggage and they drive
through the airport how you could sit on them oh yeah oh yeah i saw one the other day oh they're fucking humming buddy hey i do not think
those people are are assholes at all i think for some reason riding like on that and just chilling
is so much better than like actually exerting the energy of like being a surfboard uh master
on his skateboard ripping through everyone past Auntie Annie's just to get to his
gate a little bit quicker.
Yeah, I mean, you're all
on the same plane. You're not going to get there any quicker if you're
on the same plane. I don't know, man. That's
like, because at least the skateboard, you can
Oh, and the other thing,
you can use that when you get to your location if you want
to go for a skateboard ride. This is the other thing.
So when he did that 15
yard, like, Michael Johnson sprint holding the skateboard,
he's going to drop this thing.
He slams this bitch down and the woman next to him jumped up like a
firecracker.
She's going off with her right eardrum.
That's why I was like, Oh, what a dickhead.
All right.
Okay.
And then he's like, zoom.
Okay, we found the bigger asshole.
You win, Whit.
You win.
Holy shit, this guy is just up to no.
Is that a fireable offense?
I'm so happy I just remembered that, Cornelius,
because I was looking at G.
I'm like, he's like, yeah, he does this all the time.
We have to let this guy go.
I've never seen it done.
We got to go back to the Wednesday, though.
We had fucking the two goats going at it.
Two of the new Mount Rushmorens.
Absolutely.
Before that, Biz, I also want to thank Seattle.
They were putting out their weekly show on YouTube,
and they used a few of the voices from the boys there.
We heard, I think, three of us in Murrells.
They decided to use our audio to open up their show,
which is a nice tribute.
So to the folks at Seattle Kraken, we appreciate it.
Thanks for using our voices.
Were we pumping their tires?
We were saying nice things, I believe.
I think it was preseason stuff about their rods.
It was a few different snippets they used,
but it was an honor to hear them use our voices.
So thanks to everybody at the Seattle Kraken.
Let's pat ourselves on the back here.
Way to go, Trickles.
I'm patting them on the back saying thanks.
Yeah, Wednesday biz. Don't break your arm patting yourself on the back here. Way to go, Trickles. I'm patting them on the back saying thanks. Yeah, Wednesday biz.
Don't break your arm patting yourself on the back.
That's such an old school, like, dad to son statement.
Sorry, Ari.
I guess I'm just a little poopy pants at the fact that their mascot's
throwing daggers and then coming at me online.
Sorry, buddy.
We'll get up there someday.
Before we go any farther, I want to talk to you guys about DHM Detox.
Hockey season is
back in full swing which means you're probably crushing some pink whitneys or some big deal
brews the original golden ale while watching the games but i want to tell you about something that
is going to help you wake up feeling your best yes dhm detox by no days wasted. DHM Detox is backed by science and designed to help break down alcohol-related toxins
so you can wake up feeling fresh the next day.
No more slow and sluggish mornings.
Just take two capsules before your night out
and it goes to work.
It's 100 risk-free trial.
If you don't like it, send it back.
You will be refunded every cent.
Check out their recovery bundles for the best experience.
DHM Detox with Hydration Replenisher.
The holidays are coming up.
No Days Wasted is kicking off the party in style with the Black Friday sale starting with 30 off.
Just go to nodayswasted.co.
That's nodayswasted.co that's no days wasted.co and enter the promo codes bid promo code excuse me biz 30
to enjoy your 30 off dhm detox no days wasted hydration replenishers now let's get back to the
show uh the pens and caps they resumed their rivalry in dc and the pens used an old trick
the hockey players like biz they uh got off the schneid with a little little Halloween party, got banged up and ended up winning the next game.
And I know you talked to Sid,
see what he might've been having for a cocktail.
Gee, let's roll that.
I was explaining to people at home that, you know,
sometimes when teams are going through a losing streak,
it's nice for the team to go out and get a little party action,
maybe hit the bottle in order to loosen things up.
Was that the situation and why you guys got the dub
because of the Halloween party?
The timing was perfect.
So, yeah, we needed that.
So I'm glad it worked out.
Drink of choice?
I didn't have too much, honestly.
We played a little Civil War and a couple of vodka sodas.
That was it.
Oh, you were totally setting up for the Pink Whitney, Big Deal, Bruins,
bait right there.
He didn't take it, though, huh?
Well, at least he didn't stub my question,
and he answered it like I asked a good one.
It made me feel good about myself.
Didn't mention the Pink Whitney.
No free ads, no worries there.
I think we should talk about the game overall, right?
Or actually, let's go back to the Halloween party
because Merle's before the game went,
and I think you mentioned it in the HOSA interview,
our awful losing streak for the Penguins.
How do you get off it?
You got to go fucking get buckled with the boys, have some laughs,
put on some silly costumes, and get the team morale back up.
Sid went as Ted Lasso, so you know RA's a fan of that.
The weird one was the Primantis that LeTang had on.
That is just, I don't know if you guys know much about Primantuses,
but the male gets eaten by the female after they plow.
That's nature taking its course, Whit.
What?
That's what the Primantis does?
R.A., maybe you're the nature guy.
You're watching all the octopus teachers there's actually i think female octopuses even do it at some in some cases did
you see the meme of ra hammering the octopus no i'm spitting jekyll's memes no uh you know
listeners long know that ra he went on a streak of just tugging himself off to my octopus's teacher for months and months.
He loved it.
Just check out the memes.
Wait, and then he gave himself credit for winning them an Oscar.
Yes.
I don't know if we have the full.
I don't know if we have the full. I don't know if we want to go back. But basically, R.A. was he was up there on stage with them as they accepted the Oscar because he thinks the amount of chicklets fans that he had had watch it bump them enough on the documentary spectrum to win a fucking Oscar.
We have an Oscar under our belt.
Oh, shit.
You fucking threw us off.
All right.
So we're talking about Sid.
What are we talking about?
I apologize. No, we were talking about the mantis and we were talking about it on air and
we kind of just got lost in the sauce late in the broadcast about what an odd costume to wear
i mean the the moral of the story was the boys went and got banged up though and then they finally
won a fucking hockey game and they just needed to loosen up they were gripping the sticks too tight
a little too tight and who had to get the boys going and i got a bit of a rant well i won't go too far sometimes
these teams have bottom sixes who are so fucking vanilla and they won't get the boys going they
won't do anything this drag their team into the fight 10 minutes in they were fucking horrendous
and it's sid him going off after with the the farravi is that how you say it far farvey farver beans for the washington capitals he cross checks them three times and
then boom right after that they finally the team answers the bell they score a goal then they get
one shorthanded with finally the bottom six jeff carter contributing with that mcginn guy who's
been awesome for them the last couple games brock mcgin begin he's been a spark bug for them so finally
they got they were alive but all as a result fucking sydney crosby dragging his team into
the fight why does it always got to be him doing it you're on a you're on a seven game slide and
you're the pittsburgh penguins and he's been leading the charge just like the we talked about
with mcdavid sometimes these fucking bottom six. They got to become a factor. And I'm not even talking about just going out there, scoring a goal,
provide some energy, go draw some penalties, get in front of their goalie,
go fucking fight. Look at Tanner's, you know, right now, what's he doing?
He's not providing offense after he did last year, 24 in his rookie year.
And then after that game, when he helped them spark that comeback,
when they in
Vancouver when they were down three nothing he said hey I'm not providing offense right now but
I won't back down and I'm going to provide that physicality to get my team sparked up who the
fuck did he fight uh last night or the night before the heavyweight champ Ryan Reeves so
enough with these fucking bottom six vanilla lattes we need to get some hard-nosed players
back in the league to have a little bit ofes. We need to get some hard-nosed players back in the league
to have a little bit of character who are willing to get the boys into the mix
when maybe, you know, it's a Wednesday night.
You're on the national broadcast here.
Let's go.
So good job to Sid to getting the boys going.
That's what I got to say about that.
Even Ovi was throwing the weight around for Washington.
He hammered somebody behind the net.
Ruda.
Killed Ruda.
Blew him up.
Yeah, I mean, you know what's crazy, too, about the Pens is,
and I was wrong about this one as of right now.
I'll take the L on the forehead.
Just another one about the Ty Smith and the John Marino deal from this guy is unbelievable for the devils.
And I wonder, like, I thought he was good in Pittsburgh.
I guess last year's struggle a little bit.
And I hear that, you know, Hextall thinks he's a little thought he was a little bit soft.
And I don't think Sullivan was thrilled when they traded him because that's a,
he's a good,
solid top four defenseman.
I don't know about numbers.
You can come at me with all the numbers.
I don't care if they're,
if they're not the good analytic numbers watching the devils.
I've now watched a couple of their games this year.
Recently.
They beat your coyotes biz.
He's good.
And that's a big loss for the penguins penguins still though
they're all right they're all right they had a big win where was their big win oh i'm a
they beat toronto as well in toronto i'm sorry how do i forget that they beat toronto um but
going back over to washington i think they they deserve a little bit of slack right now
uh when we had the broadcast at that point they had 40 million on the
ir they got carlson out of the lineup they have orlaw out of the lineup no tj oshi no wilson no
backstrom no uh who's the one who played in pittsburgh good penalty killer haggling haggling
like that's buddy that's those are some fucking significant pieces and they're they're kind of
keeping it on the rails.
Kemper was playing extraordinary, had great numbers,
has kind of fallen off the last couple games, so we're going to give them a little leeway.
But very cool at this point in time,
the amount of pressure that was put on Ovi and Sid
when they came into the league,
how many amazing head-to-head rivalries that they've produced,
whether it's going back to the
dueling hat trick games the numbers on them i think there are two points spread out i know
sid's lost lost more time because of the head stuff look at the the longevity on ovi given his
physicality there was a graphic that got put up and i don't know if we have those numbers right
here on the podcast but the amount
of hits that he's thrown compared to like crosby malkin and then it was somebody else some of these
big stars who have put up similar numbers that you would have had to multiply the three guys
combines numbers and hits to get the same amount of hits that ovi has. Ovi's close to 3,000 hits in his NHL career.
So pretty insane, and it's always fun watching these guys go head-to-head.
Wasn't really the matchup that we were expecting,
but nonetheless, man, tip of the cap to those fucking guys, man.
Nuts.
When did Wilson tear his ACL?
When did that happen?
I think right before playoffs last year.
Yes.
All right, so yeah, he's around December, I read.
Yeah, hopefully they get guys back sooner.
The Bruins had Marchand and McAvoy back way sooner than they thought they would.
He had surgery on May 25th.
Yeah.
So I know I was long-winded about that, but figured we'd talk about the  what's that?
Doing some math in my head. I didn't mean to be doing that out loud i thought you i thought you said yes all right did
you end up watching that game at all uh i watched all the games on tnt this week yeah went went on
the club put all the games on what what did you think of the next one i would say probably
one of the biggest topics in my opinion on this podcast happened in the next game,
and I'm going to let you tee it up for the night one.
Yep. The late game, Minnesota
visiting Anaheim, and we got
zonked on a Michigan goal during the Wednesday
late game. We thought, oh boy, Trevor
Zegers did it again. The dude
scored his third Michigan, but the goal was
overturned because Dmitry Kulikov was
offside by an inch or two,
and your coworker, Liam McHugh, he tweeted that Kulikov was offside by an inch or two. And your coworker, Lee McHugh,
he tweeted that Kulikov should have gotten a game misconduct for being
offside, which is pretty funny.
But a lot of people are pissed off about it.
Ray Ferraro, he was on his show and he said, you know,
they got to do something about this rule and people saying this shouldn't
happen, but you know, should they make a change here?
If so, what do they change?
And is it fine the way it is?
Like what do people want to change here after we waited for the system for so long like like do we just want to ignore
certain offsides or what hey i'm not going to sit here and pretend that i was this emotionally
invested in the the offside challenge before that broadcast but they need to change this
fucking rule and they need to change it now that thing would have hit the airways how
many more fucking video games sold how many more kids signing up for fucking ball hockey in in
california the growth of the game all because 45 seconds prior kulikov was offside by the width of
escape blade it is the dumbest fucking thing it slows down i you know
what i want i want give me the analytics give me the fucking numbers on how many of these challenges
are actually going back the other way and we can all collectively as a group decide on whether
this is fucking so goddamn stupid that we're slowing down the pace of action allow the human error the human error
is a is a good thing like listen i get it if the guys if it's a rangers game yeah maybe the
referee's getting killed in the parking lot but that's got to be a risk the league has to be
willing to take but for the amount of growth of the game if that goal counts that would have been
his third michigan it's so good and it's slowing down the pace of play i want to know how many of
these fucking things actually start coming back and if you're the minnesota wild and you can't
beat a team who hasn't had a win in regulation yet you don't deserve to eventually make playoffs
if you didn't get enough points because you couldn't beat Anaheim after they let in the zealous Michigan goal like fuck off no wit am I crazy here no I agree I would love
to disagree with you and there are certain arguments about just getting the call correct
and when they review them they they they seem to be most of the time when the video
coaches are quick enough to say review it i think
that's off sides they get it right a decent amount i hate it i hate it and when it ruins something
like this it makes me despise it so i'm a hundred percent with you uh ray ferraro had a great point
on it as well in terms of human error and you know if he calls one offside that wasn't they don't get the two on one
back do you know what i'm saying oh okay so i think that so there's error both ways man it's it's
that's the game it's the game's not supposed to be like i at least i personally i actually
understand people's point of view on wanting to get it right but personally it's played
refs make mistakes players make mistakes it's just they get it right most of the time i would say look how how am i am
i incorrect on that no i would probably say the duchesne one fucked us all or or i don't know if
crider's ever gotten away with his but but i completely agree with in it and maybe even
capping off at a certain amount of time but the amount of the amount of
offsides that are probably being called that end up being called back let's say throughout the full
course of a season if it's maybe 40 goals I just don't see it being worth it and especially in this
case Gary Bettman has to have like a batman phone where if he gets the flashing light goes off or if it's a
Michigan being scored where he could say hey guys like this might take care of a bit of the escrow
at this point that Michigan goal with all the highlights and the sports center clicks that
it's going to get so that's why I'm so emotionally invested RA I don't know how you feel about it
from like a consumer standpoint or if you think hey if there's this much money involved that they should be
getting it right because they have the ability for the replay but at this point me i could say
fuck off with it all yeah i mean they have the technology and they have the opportunity so
teams won't get screwed so if you want to do it away with it because you don't want to wait
then we're just going to see teams getting constantly screwed we're going to see the
replays are that shouldn't have counted because have counted because we did away with this rule,
and now we've got a goal that's counting,
and our team's going to go to the playoffs or move on to the playoffs.
So people clamored for this years ago.
Hey, if we have the technology and the cameras, let's get it right.
And now people are like, well, we don't want to wait
because it was an inch offside.
It didn't affect the play.
It's like, but it was offside.
So you've got to do all or nothing.
You can't split the middle.
You've got to do all or nothing, I think, with it.
Yeah, I have a question for you in that.
It should be punishable by death if you call it and it's not.
You remember it being the majority of people really wanted it?
Because I feel like there was  because I never thought it was like a great
I didn't  it's the same thought of like having the umpires
and all the questioning they do to umpires in Major League
Baseball. Now, I don't I don't enjoy the the video aspect of refereeing and umpiring games.
So I don't remember like wanting it. But if you're saying everyone did, I believe you. I just don't
remember that. Well, I think every team was getting screwed at some point, not not necessarily every
year, but over the course of over the course. Yeah. So, yeah, you don't want your team to get
screwed, especially if the playoffs are on the line, yeah, you don't want your team to get screwed,
especially if the playoffs are on the line or if it's in the playoffs.
And they have the means to fix it.
So fix it.
And if they do away with it, it's like, well, what are you going to have?
Like, if it happens two minutes after the goal, it doesn't count.
I don't think that's really keeping with the spirit of the game.
I think they have to keep it as is or just do away with it totally,
in which case people are going to just put the gifts online and say, oh, this should have been a goal uh i know it sucks to wait and to lose fancy goals like that but i don't know it's all about keeping keeping the rules of the game i have no
problem it's two or three minutes it's not fun to wait but it's not the end of the world man i'd
rather get it right than than butcher it and have everybody complain more all right about well i
think that that's probably not a bad thing either though wit no because then it creates more dialogue then then all of a sudden all all that clip's
gonna go viral and then everyone's gonna be like ah 45 seconds it was offside so you get more of
the attention and bickering around it which obviously draws more attention from viewers and
and and everything all of it the whole kit and caboodle. But I see where you're coming from.
I don't remember that many botched off-sides calls
that changed the course of history in hockey.
Do you?
Every team's getting screwed you're talking about.
I don't  I mean, are there any
do you guys even have one legendary story of an off-side?
I think a good compromise would be if they introduced it come
playoff time where where more more is on the line but uh but to your question wit don't know i'm
sure i'm sure one fan base will send us a video of it yeah i'm sure oh we'll get some stories of
some legendary offsides but i'm just saying the the whole all right the other thing about the time difference in terms of um if it if it
happens within 10 seconds or something it's like okay now then you get very arbitrary but if you
did pick a time and you talked about a play going in the zone and then 45 seconds later the goal
gets scored and you're going back that long on the time clock and it's offsides no goal
there's been so much time that the offsides it
didn't have any aspect on the play they didn't get a scoring chance the teams were in the zone
the defense was set up and it was defensive zone coverage and it has nothing to do with 45 seconds
before that so that's that's my my case okay okay i think i think we i think we've had a good
civil discussion about this if you call
the if you call the rule and you're wrong it should be punishable by death though uh another
highlight of that game uh capri soft who some people thought he wasn't going to be in the lineup
i don't know if you saw the incident with a lot of hounding on capri soft not a lot of calls being
made a lot of frustration from him if you ask their fan base he gets mauled every game and
he and i i understand why he's a freak of nature he is so good out there and teams are given all
the focus they sick drew dowdy on him in la and he ends up retaliating gets a stick up gets his
glove up i didn't even think he should have been kicked out of that game specifically then you got
dewey giving him the wave goodbye.
Is that his new arch nemesis now that Matthew Kachuk's on the East Coast or what?
I think he gets a new one every game.
That's how he does it.
That's how he's been doing it all these years.
Did you think he should have got tossed?
Yeah, it looked, it looked, I don't think he meant to cross check him up there,
but the video on the replay, it looked as though it was worthy of getting a game right there getting the gate inadvertent but doesn't really
matter when you get the stick up near the nose the mouth so i understood him getting the boot
the wave was amazing um so i i don't watch them as closely i wish i did but even though this year
seems to not be going as smoothly as last year,
they can't score right now, but he's still producing at a ridiculous rate.
He pretty much carries the play whenever he's on the ice.
So I imagine that if he's not getting enough calls,
that's going to truly crush the Wilds' chance of winning.
Because if they're on the power play, he's going to get more points.
Did you see the cheeky goal they scored on the five-on-three
where they're just him and Zuccarello were passing behind the net
and he just gave it a little quick wraparound.
So they're starting to come.
I know they got shut out two games in a row.
And you got to think that maybe teams are taking some more liberties.
They got Greenway.
They got Foligno out of the lineup.
So that's a lot of toughness they're missing.
And, of course, no DeLaurier anymore.
So maybe more liberties now that they don't have any meat in the lineup i think that was pretty
much it other than what i will say that doer kid can chuck them him and that bull you went toe to
toe there were some bombs being thrown there r.a yeah they were chucking next pretty good uh back
to uh what's his name uh caril caprizov he does have to help this team people they didn't forget
kevin fiala is gone, man. He was
a point per game guy last year
and taking a look at the stats right now
doing it in LA too
right now. Minnesota is 24th
in the league with 41 goals for so
they're just not they don't have the score on that. They're going to need
to get in the playoffs. But again, they've been kind of
winning one losing to the kind of one step forward
two steps back, but I think they'll
be settled down. I think Mark Andre Flurry. He kind of struggled early, losing two. They're kind of one step forward, two steps back. But I think they'll be settled down. I think Marc-Andre Fleury, he kind of struggled early,
playing well late.
I think they're going to be there.
They'll be in the mix for the playoffs.
But, yeah, Kaprizov's got to get a lot more done,
and they do have to fill the void with no Fiala there.
Biz, now it's time for you to eat your humble pie.
Oh, my God.
Oh, again?
More?
I know.
It's like a weekly serving.
Eat it to me.
Thanksgiving's coming up.
I've been getting dummied.
Yeah.
The New Jersey Devils.
No spit, no lube, sandpaper finish.
Just getting.
I'm getting fucking eight on one right now.
Is there anyone out there besides?
Adriana Chachik or whatever.
I got the broken back right now.
Is there anyone out there who,
besides Pasha and other diehard Devils fans,
who thought they were this good?
I made a mistake too.
I'm openly admitting it.
And I love that their fans are openly admitting their mistake as well.
Ari, you can bring that up.
But this is, they're a great team.
But did people see this?
Is this, is someone going to try to say they called
that they were going to be this good? Well,
Pasha did, and I'll say this, score one
for the
analytic community because they were
raving about this team
coming in. The other team they were raving about,
some in which were the
Vancouver Canucks. So it could be hit or miss,
just like our opinions, but I was
dead wrong on this group, RA. I'm going to let you probably read off a few stats if you got me but they are just all system
goal right now they skipped wagon status they went right to the fucking freight train status
yep the devils beat uh business yote saturday 4-2 for their ninth straight win, making them 12-3.
It's the first time they've won nine straight since 2007.
Only Vegas and Boston have more than their 24 points.
And the fans actually started something I don't think I've ever seen before.
Lindy Ruff, they booed him at the first game.
He was, like, kind of flabbergasted.
Well, the other day, this chant started,
Sorry, Lindy.
Sorry, Lindy.
And I don't think I've ever seen that crowd chant,
the sorry chant to a coach before.
He said after he had a laugh, we'll have a beer with these guys after.
And, you know, the vibes are good.
And like you just said, Biz, who expected this?
Well, the analytic community, they're not surprised by this at all.
Other teams started hot, Buffalo and Philly.
I think the fancy stats people were waiting from the tail off,
and they have quite a bit. But the Devils, they're still right there. And I think a big part of this,
we already mentioned it, the John Marino trade. Tommy Fitz made an unreal trade. New Jersey sent
22-year-old Ty Smith. He's a pending RFA after this year, currently in the NHL at a third pick.
They got back Marino. This kid's a 25-year-old. He signed through 27 at 4.4 million. And you might
look at his stats. They don't jump out at you, but this kid is a three- old he signed through 27 at 4.4 million and you might look at the stats they
don't jump out at you but this kid is a three zone player he's all about suppression chances
every time he has the puck new jersey owns possession this this team is like an analytical
down right now and like i said those people aren't surprised at all they've been expecting this so uh
it's great it's mixing up hockey i don't i know you don't like it right now biz but i don't know
it's good to have a little outline. You know what my biggest fear was?
It's because everybody was chirping their goaltending.
I was going to say they were going to pull a rabbit out of their ass,
and all of a sudden this new kid in the organization,
and he's only played four periods, and talk about getting dummied.
Schmeed?
Asia Akira Schmeed over here.
All of a sudden, four fucking periods.
His numbers are insane.
And my luck would have it,
he's probably going to be the next Martin Brodeur
for their organization.
That's what's happening right now
and the amount of momentum this team has.
Their back end, everybody.
And to go back to the...
I said I wasn't going to...
I won't jump on the train,
but I said I wouldn't give them the proper praise
that they deserve until they apologize
as a fan base to lindy rough
well holy shit they actually did it the brat pack and you you mentioned all these people who might
have believed in this team before they actually started proving it this guy who's on a social
media who brought a bunch of their fans the brat pack fans to the game they started the chant in
the upper bowl and we're going to get to the building
and how much that's rocking oh crazy i think i saw on tv the other night when they won their
ninth in a row somebody some girl doing a key toke off a guy's cock in the lower bowl that's
how crazy things have gotten at the presidential center but this guy has got a following the
pack he knew that i think it's Prudential? Presidential? That Presidential Center. That place is
sick.
He brought a bunch of his fans and fans of
his Twitter account. They got the chant going
and the team, the PR team
have you seen these memes they've been
posting to after their W's? They deserve
the whole crew deserves a raise.
They bring all the chanters down to the ice
and
Jesper Brat
comes out of the locker room They bring all the chanters down to the ice, and Jesper Brat,
Jesper Brat comes out of the locker room to come over, and they chant, eight more years, eight more years.
So the vibes are so high there, and I've been made to feel like such a fool,
and I'm sorry.
I mean, maybe the hate started with pasha being in my ear for three
years and then finally getting it right you know where i do think things might have changed though
wit is when we we ran into lindy ruff in buffalo outside that restaurant oh my god he was there
all right did we ever tell you that we bumped into him i think you might have mentioned out
there but i don't know if I got the particulars.
What did happen?
Was it a restaurant?
Were you guys at a bar?
I went outside for a cigarette.
Sometimes on these sandbagger trips,
and we were there for the Chicklets Cup.
You know, you get a little bit degenerate,
but I was there, and Lindy walked out,
and he fucking asked me for a cigarette.
And I was like, okay, well, that's fucking Lindy Ruff.
I didn't say anything right away,
and I gave him a cigarette,
and he pulled a match stick out of his ear like on the top of his ear and he fucking lit it on his
tongue and i was like holy fuck dude this lindy ruff's a bit of a fucking badass so we got chatting
and uh and then finally i said hey uh mr ruff uh you know will you come on our podcast and
he inhaled the smoke and it felt like he held it
for about 15 seconds he looked like he was fucking clint eastwood in one of those western movies
and then he exhaled and said what the fuck is a podcast and after that i said you forget i even
asked you and i i said that motherfucker right there is going to win the jack adams next year
and sure as shit here we are. Crazy. He rode off on a
Buffalo, too. On a Buffalo.
On a Bison. He got probably
a good cost when he was coaching there.
Winning a fucking Jack Adams.
So show some respect. Jack Adams favorite.
Put some respect on Lindy Ruff's name,
New Jersey fans.
And I accept your apology as well.
People say we're a Bruins podcast,
though. We haven't even brought up the best team in the league once this year.
So I just wanted to bring that up.
But the Devils, congratulations, made me very incorrect on all my takes
as of right now as well.
And the building was bumping.
People are tagging me left and right, left and right.
Look at this atmosphere.
Yeah, I mean, you guys have won now nine in a row.
I'd hope it'd be good.
Look at this atmosphere.
Yeah, I mean, you guys have won now nine in a row.
I'd hope it'd be good.
But a lot of the times when the team was going through their past few seasons, it wasn't great.
I 100 agree when you guys are buzzing and that team's winning,
the place looks awesome.
So lay off me.
I'm starving.
Maybe I'll make a bet.
Maybe if you keep this winning streak going all the way to when I'm there
on December 6th, if you guys can keep winning and you win,
when Chicago's in town, maybe I'll do a line of blowoff,
Frank the Tank's cock in the lower bowl,
just like I saw the other night on TV.
Is that too much?
Either way, I'm down for that.
Biz, the Devils, they're getting it done with quality,
but not top-flight goaltending.
They're still getting it done.
Mackenzie Blackwood, sprained MCL.
He's going to be out four to six weeks.
Vitek Vanacek got dinged up in a collision with Thomas Chabot.
Had to leave the game.
He's going to miss a little bit of time.
But like we just mentioned, Akira Schmidt, New Jersey's fifth-round pick.
Asia Akira Schmidt.
In 2018, he came on a relief of Vanacek, won that game,
and then he got his first career win,
when starting versus Arizona the other day.
So, you know, these guys are winning without, like I said,
top-flight goaltending.
But I think what we saw last year, Colorado won the Stanley Cup.
I mean, not to diss Dossie Kemper, but, you know,
he wasn't the cons.
Mike went in for that team last year.
He did an adequate job, but they didn't need him to win every game.
So I don't know if we're going to see this,
if teams can overcompensate for average goaltending.
Who knows what's going to happen here with Jersey.
But as we saw last year.
That's a great point, R.A.
I tried to say that on the national broadcast with stats.
And then that's when Gretzky told me stats are for losers.
So I guess I guess you could shove all those fucking analytics that everybody's talking about with the devils up my up your cornhole.
But you got it.
We got to pump their tires, man. What a start
to the year, and I hear you,
but hey, but our luck, Asia
Akira Schmidt's going to bend us over, and he's
going to, in fact, be the next Martin Brodeur,
and they're going to run away with three cups in a row,
and Posh is going to be in my ear. Every time you say
that Gretzky quote,
stats are for losers, I always
think of Sean Connery
and The Rock. The RA always says the line.
You know what I'm talking about?
That's like Gretzky's version of that.
Losers whine about doing their best.
Winners go home and fuck the prom queen.
For some reason, when I hear Gretzky say stats are for losers,
I think of that line in that movie.
All right.
That might have been your best.
Ed Harris.
That might have been your best Sean Connery impression all time on the podcast.
On the show of hands.
Thank you.
I appreciate it.
You got any more?
Not off the top of my head, but a couple of the notes on the Devils.
They're going to be out without Andre Palat for eight to ten weeks.
He underwent groin surgery.
The team also named franchise franchise legend marty brodeur executive
vice president of hockey operations so i don't know things are looking up right now for the
devils and we'll see what happens but boys we didn't even mention i guess we're getting too
shortly because we had so much to talk about i think it's time to send it to this madman andre
wah i we were talking before the show this is going to be probably what top three top five
funniest interviews he's going to be mount rush what, top three, top five funniest interviews?
He's going to be Mount Rushmore by the end of this one, folks.
Buckle up.
The impersonations will take you on a ride.
Insane.
Why is he playing with him every single day?
You'll hear in a minute here, but guy who kept it loose.
So we appreciate him coming on.
Our interview today is brought to you by our friends at Cross Country Mortgage. They've been a great partner of Chicklets for a while now. CCM listens,
understands, and communicates throughout the entire loan process. And they provide a ton
of options customized to your financial situation using innovative technology.
They have faster closing times than their competitors, stable monthly payments, and low to no down payments.
Plus, you can use your existing equity to use for larger things like debt consolidation or home renovation, which I'm going through right now.
I'm in the middle of a home renovation.
So see if you qualify today.
Visit ccm.com slash barstool.
Once again, that is ccm.com slash barstool. Once again, that is ccm.com slash barstool.
Cross-country mortgage, LLC, NMLS, 3029.
All loans subject to underwriting approval, NMLS, consumeraccess.org.
Now, back to the program.
All right, time for our next guest.
This bruising winger was drafted in the sixth round of the 94 draft.
After a couple of years in the Bruins system, he made stops in Ottawa,
Pittsburgh, Calgary, and Tampa Bay,
where he won a Stanley cup with a 2004 lightning played 515 NHL games.
And he also had a few other adventures in hockey that we'll get to soon.
Thanks so much for joining us on the Spittin' Chicklets podcast.
Andre Waugh.
Thanks for coming on, brother.
How you been?
Hey, pretty good.
Thanks, Harry.
Great intro, too, by the way.
How are you guys doing?
I should work at a tire shop with a tire work when I'm doing this thing.
Right on.
Biz Witt, how are you doing?
Wazi, it's great to have you on here, buddy.
Hey, speaking of uh speaking
of intros first thing talk it said was oh i heard he does unreal intros in the locker room for the
boys so you've been a you've been this caricature that we've been talking about on the podcast for
a long time and finally we get you on man i know i know goon baby it took a while yeah yeah my t-shirt goon it's from uh gong show the guys in
ottawa set me up once in a while jerry mcnamee those guys are great so uh but no it's been a
while i was like because i people would always tag my name too and on twitter or whatever you
guys gotta get andre on the on the chiclets and that so I was like Witt knows me biz I don't know but it'll
probably come one day and now finally I don't know it's been what four or five years I was just
wondering it was it because something I did that was it at the Mark Reckie Halloween party with
maybe I took my Michael Jackson Michael Jackson strap on and hit you in the face with it anyways
remember that Witt oh it's amazing a big hog tied around his waist and Michael Jackson strap on and hit you in the face with it anyways remember that wit oh it's amazing
and a big hog tied around his waist and Michael Jackson dildo hanging around he was smacking me
and then I got my head shaved later that night oh no hey I go there so it's the Pittsburgh
Penguins Halloween party eh so I went as Michael Jackson, obviously had the big 12 inch strap on the Peter
North pattern there. So anyways, I had Jocelyn Tebow, tiny goalie, as you guys know, he's tied
up to my wrist like those little so you don't lose your kids at Disney, you know, so I had
tied up and Tebow had like a mini pajama
that we got at Walmart for 10-year-olds.
He had like a necklace with a penis in there.
Well, just anyways, we had to make it really
but anyways, it's just for fun,
and I think guys had a good chuckle out of it.
Anyways, it was funny.
That would get you banned from the league nowadays.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, yeah.
Yeah, yeah.
Gloves are off. yeah gloves are off gloves
are off well this is a good start i think that a lot of you know why the fuck we got this maniac
on there's so many one of the funniest teammates i've ever had in my life was he like and the noise
you always made the noises this guy has a million different noises he'd make chara be skating by the bench we'd hear the star wars noise
yeah it was uh no i don't know it's just people always ask me so yeah you're a funny guy tell us
jokes i was like i'm not like a guy that brings jokes i'm more a guy that i react in the moment
like whatever it would be at morton's steakhouse and i see the waiter there and something
will pop up i'll just get up and i don't know i'll grab the tray and or i'll grab let's say what they
put the big trays on the kind of the stand thing there i started walking like an old man like i
i'm limping with the people in the restaurant so like what the hell is wrong with this guy? Anyways, just guys are like, what's he doing?
Anyways, serving steaks, whatever, you know?
So, yeah.
You just kept the room loose.
You kept the space all the time.
Actually, I was watching something.
What was the time on YouTube?
You're skating out in Tampa and you wouldn't bend your knees.
I don't know if you've seen this.
Hey, that time. wouldn't bend your knees i don't know if you've seen this business hey hey that's the chopstick
so they bring us the the stanley cup 2004 stanley cups champs they bring us out i think it was the
10th year anniversary or 15 no it was the 10 whatever so torts was actually with vancouver
the connects back then so they brought us in for the weekend.
They wanted to do just a special weekend,
have the 0-4 alumni guys just come on the ice and wave, whatever.
So we're in Tampa.
Obviously, we golfed all day, crushing beers, vodka, whatever.
You know, we showed up at the rink.
I'm feeling good, you know.
And as we're going one by one,
they asked us actually to put on skates,
to go on the ice and wave to the fans and which has like, all right.
So we just grabbed skates and boxes in the old locker room there.
So I grabbed the Victor Redmond skates. They're like 17 size 17.
I'm like, those are probably the only one that fits but as i go on i got brad lukowicz behind me and nolan pratt anyway so
uh they're like you won't do anything so you can't say that to me so i was like yeah so
they're like just go and pretend you're falling no i'll do better i'll just go out and pretend you know i'm a beer league skater i forgot how to skate whatever so as they go number three x andre why jump on the ice and
then i just go with the straight legs i used to do it in practice i remember you doing in practice
laughing so hard exactly so i go on the ice and the crowd's kind of cheering clapping their hands
but then oh son you could
see i i didn't i i saw it after when i watched the videos of me jumping on the ice but the fans
are all like oh my god oh my god what happened then the twitter blew up people were like what
happened andre wa has he been in an accident uh did he get hit by a car or yeah whatever so it was really got out of control
but the guys that knew me that my buddies they text me they were crying they saw the game on
air they're like you're fucked i was like yeah i don't know i just wanted to have a good time
make it fun i don't know then i i skated i even had to stop like in a V stop kind of by V-turn towards.
And they're like, you're a beauty anyway. So I just sat there. I stood there after on the circle.
But everybody was like, wow, what happened to him? So I had to do it.
I did a video in my beer league the next week just to show I can still skate and score a lot of goals.
I could still play in this league right away oh easily
hey the video too the video goes over to the vancouver bench and some of the guys are like
what the hell and then said he's just like dying laughing yeah that's the that's the other thing i
used to work out with alex burrows burrows was on the bench he said i was crying and guys are like
what what's wrong with he? He can't play.
He can't skate.
He can't.
Burroughs told everyone, he's like, he's fucking around.
Trust me.
He is fucking around.
Oh, I don't think I've ever laughed this hard on the block.
But after, I was like, yeah, I don't know.
Maybe I should.
So I guess this year they're doing the 20.
No, no, that's true.
It's the 25th anniversary of the lightning's existence you know so they're
supposed to bring us in march or something so i'll do something else there well the one that got this
all sparked up and i think i reached out to you via twitter after was when we had brad richards on
and he talked about the situation in the plane now i i think i remember it being after a big significant playoff
loss yeah walk us through that one and obviously this is another one your spur of the moments that
that gets told throughout the entire hockey universe yeah yeah exactly i've told actually
the story quite a bit different events i do these hockey events anyways podcasts but i think it's
still for people that never heard it uh so we
lost we're we're in philly it was game six so we were up by two goals i think five minutes left
so we're all yeah man we're going to the finals you know so they uh they scored a goal made it
3-2 they pulled their goalie 3-3 went to to overtime, and Philly scored 4-3.
So tough loss.
I'm thinking we're going to the finals, game six.
So we're going back to Tampa.
We're going on our charter plane.
Everybody's bummed out, obviously.
Big loss.
It hurts, you know.
But we come in the plane, and as everybody sits down,
one of the stewardess just passed.
She fainted.
I don't know.
We heard like a big boom in the back there.
So, you know, one of the trainers ran in the back.
They're all looking after her.
Obviously, she's down there just, oh, my God, I don't feel good.
I don't know what happened.
I'm just so excited, you know.
So, we just sat on the plane.
Marty St. Louis comes in, and he's like, Andre, you've got to do something.
I'm like, what are you talking about, Marty?
He's like, look at this.
Look at the plane.
Look at the long faces.
They all have the Colby Armstrong faces.
I was like, yeah, I know.
So he's like, what do you want me to do?
He's like, do something.
We've got to cheer.
We've got to change this move.
We've got one game left in our barn game seven.
It's not over. I was like, I know, but it's, you know, he's like, no,
but just do something. Yeah. But towards, you know, he's like,
nevermind towards go and do something, change that. It's like, okay,
what should I do? What should I do? So as the Stewie went down there,
I was like, Oh, that's what I'll do. I'll serve the meals.
So I went in the back and I, the, I was like, oh, that's what I'll do. I'll serve the meals. I went in the back, and the other girl was like, do you have any extra aprons?
She's like, why?
Why do you want that?
I was like, never mind why.
Just give me a fucking apron.
She's like, they're up.
Oh, my God.
What are you going to do?
What are you going to do?
Because they kind of knew me.
I went in the bathroom, got butt naked, put on apron on you know had the baby arm hanging in front and uh so i go in the back
just kidding uh sorry no he's not though no no no no i'm kidding so i go in the back there was
the cookie tray that usually they give they give out after dinner but i grabbed the cookie tray that usually they give out after dinner. But I grabbed the cookie tray, and I kind of put a cookie in my ass
and my butt cracked, and I squeezed it.
But it all crumbled up anyways.
So I went up, went by the two stories, whatever, and I was like,
hi, guys, I know you're hungry.
Would you like a cockley?
We got chicken.
We got chocolate chip, macadamia.
We got also uh uh more stuff
coming but in the meantime so no you're good so so i was just going all the way up and just with
my ass sticking out behind you know people you could see all the shit that crumble in my ass
i was like no i didn't i didn't poop myself it's just a cookie it's just like squeezed it and it just crumbled in my booty.
So anyways, I just went up.
I was trying to just clowning around, you know, and I went all the way up.
And then I just, my guys were all chuckling and laughing and then having a good chuckle
out of it.
So I, after a while, I was like, I might as well, you know, so I stay like that.
And then the food was kind of coming out.
So I started going and giving steaks and salmon to the guys up front,
you know, all the way, almost to the coaches up there.
Everybody was laughing in the plane anyway.
So, yeah, so we won game seven because I croqueted my ass.
No, no, just kidding.
But it kind of just changed the mood.
Guys were laughing.
That's unbelievable that St. Louis was thinking about it.
So you said it was St. Louis came up?
Yeah, yeah.
Marty just came up to me.
He's like, do something.
Do something.
Do something.
I don't know.
And Marty, he loves to laugh.
He's in his seat.
And he's like, Andre, Andre, come here.
High five, Andre. Andrere come here high five andre andre come here and he likes to laugh he laughs just like that so i'm like i give him a high five guys are giving me i'm like anyway so we had a good
chuckle then after a while you know went back to my seat guys start playing cards while, you know, went back to my seat. Guys start playing cards and, you know,
forgot about the game six.
And, yeah.
And then we're, anyways, it changed the mood, you know.
It's just the.
Fucking rights it did, man.
I believe in that shit.
I just like to, yeah.
I just think, Biz, you know, with everybody, you know,
it's just a season is so long.
And I know you have to be
so monotonous yeah exactly the meetings we have the video and always sometimes it gets like
it's it's like a record just every day the same thing uh do this do that and it gets pretty heavy
just to handle all that so i think it's good to have a guy a good locker room guy just have fun and i like to
to clown around kind of like that and have the guys laugh once in a while obviously there's
always a time to be more serious you know but uh other than that on the bus the plane whatever we
we i'd like to to have the guys did did you ever cross the line to where you were fucking around
two months where you got pp whacked by one of your coaches?
I thought Terrian gave it to you one time.
It's like, not now, Wazzy.
I remember with Torts, actually, we were okay.
You know, it was after the cup.
After Pitt, I went back to Tampa, and we lost a big game, like 6-1.
But, you know, when you lose a game next day, you kind of,
it's a new day, right?
And I was always like Alexander Svitov, Svitov, big Russian kid.
I don't know if you guys remember.
First round pick, didn't speak much English.
Anyways, he went back to KHL after.
And I was, every time he would shoot, score a goal,
I'd go, bro, don't, don't, don't. he went back to KHL after and I was every time he would shoot score a goal like and he would just laugh like the Russian anthem you know so and then uh one time I was doing it
so often that sweet off brought in the locker room the anthem of the Russian anthem so we put
it in the stereo and I cranked it up towardsorts came in he was so mad you fucking guys
you fucking after last
night the way you played you're having
fun in a party here whatever he was
like all pissed off because we're cranking
the Russian anthem
he gave it the speed off actually
because he knew like speed off was by
the stereo laughing
I love America
let's juggle some balls play hockey so anyways but uh
hey uh another another russian apparently uh when you whenever you would swear
malcolm would just start laughing and giggling what was it about you swearing that made was he
not to interrupt his bit hey was he we we back last week, and it was like we never talked to him.
Remember?
The guy couldn't speak English.
Now he's fucking hilarious talking to Biz tonight.
I know.
I know.
It was funny.
It was just that.
What?
You're hungry?
You want room service?
Call a cab?
What do you want room service call a cab what do you want then he point is uh he's point his winner condom
oh okay condoms that's the trainer gino but uh just uh but he was really hard to understand
we do signs and all kinds of stuff comb his hair with a pork chop you know but yeah
just a great kid though you know he's just funny as hell i haven't seen him too in years so i
imagine his english is better he's got better english than me now yeah hey what's this thing
with you guys in that in pit with the microphone hey sydney was it you would have loved it it's
actually it was it was actually built for
you what biz did he biz just started screaming at him on the jumbotron i know he was looking up
and i was like i could just picture mario and in his suite just looking at that do you guys like
what i don't know if he uh but that was hilarious i was like imagine me at the bell center montreal hey marty what's up it's
andre i don't know he'd be like what the fuck is this i got a cookie in my asshole
exactly cookie crumble in my ass but uh yeah but hey remember with i don't know r.a's not
speaking much sorry i don't know if you know i'm listening to my balls off a stroke I don't know, R.A.'s not speaking much. Sorry, I don't know if you hear me. No, I'm listening.
I'm laughing my balls off.
I don't want to interrupt these great stories.
And Pitt also.
When I signed as a free agent, we had the lockout after the Cup.
I'm the only guy probably that probably celebrated a party for 14 months straight,
celebrating a Stanley Cup win because there was a lockout.
I didn't play.
I just hammered, signed with Pitt, came up out of shape completely.
But I got hurt early on in the season.
That's where I'm going because I'm speaking of Mario.
So I remember being in the trainer's room.
Guys are on the ice.
I think with you might have been there anyways.
And then I grabbed one of the Pittsburgh Penguins flag they had in the room.
I put it around my neck.
I tied it up.
And I had these tight underwear, like underarm or really tight, you know.
And they were like, he won't go out there.
And I was like, yeah, watch me.
So I just went.
I went up the stairs all the way, section 200.
And I'm screaming, super penguin.
And I'm just running.
And the stairway's going down.
And now guys are on the ice. and then they're just looking at me,
but I kind of forgot that Mario's on the team.
I'm like, man, the owner, my idol, Mario Lemieux.
Then I was like, oh, shit, what did I just do?
Then I looked up, and I see Mario was kind of bent on his stick laughing.
Ha, ha, ha, ha, ha.
So I was like, okay, I think i'm all right for a while anyways but
guys were uh out there on the on the ring to practice just stop like looking at
at me the donkey up there in the melon arena you know when my remember remember san jose
remember san jose take us through that one that was that was the hardest i've ever i've ever laughed like
there's so much stories that people ask me and i i wish all my former teammates could bring back
some stuff but yeah that that's what that's a good story so again healthy scratch can you believe it
a guy like me yes i'm scratched again you know politics pure pure talent just you and me biz we know what
it is anyways but so i do the pre-game skate in san jose it's all right walk you know just so
people know you walk uh you know quite a you know i said maybe five six locker rooms uh so i i do
the warm-up as i come off i i at point, I think Terran was the coach now.
So I was being scratched, whatever.
At one point, I was like, all right, I'm just going to have fun with this
while I see whatever is happening next.
So I got off.
I hurried up and I went where we changed the players.
So I went in San Jose and I was looking for a tight suit.
So I grabbed, I think it was Neil Zegman's suit. the players so i went in san jose and i i was looking for a tight suit so i grabbed i think
was neil zekman's suit it was a little swedish kid there ikea so i grabbed his uh pants there and
his his dress shirt but i felt like hulk if i i flex forward i think i might have ripped his shirt
anyways but it was kind of funny because his pants were so tight. That's actually the new style today.
You look at the players with their suits all tight and that, but back then, kind of funny.
So it was halfway to my chin, my shins, yeah, sorry.
And then really tight on my quads, that's why I go out there and I'm like,
I go see the security guys there and San Jose people.
So, you know, they wear purple jackets like Barney.
I love you.
You love me.
Anyway, so I go see those guys.
Like, can I borrow your suit jacket just for five minutes?
I don't know.
I don't know.
I'll give you a dollar.
Okay.
So I gave him a dollar.
Go buy yourself a box of Dunkin' Timbits.
Anyway.
Timbits is here. I mean, munchkins a Dunkin' Timbits. I know. No, I'm just kidding. So Timbits is here.
I mean, Munchkins and Dunkin' Donuts.
Anyways, where am I going with this?
So I grabbed this guy's jacket.
I said, I need the walkie-talkie.
So he's like, yeah, it's just to have fun with the guy.
So I give the CB walkie-talkie, the jacket.
I grab some gel, dipity-doop, comb my hair on the side and then i just stand
where the players are jumping in the corner in san jose by the glass so i'm there standing there
with my arms like i'm a bouncer a club bouncer whatever so i see the guys they're coming out
for the game so i've been sitting there for 10 minutes, whatever. So they're coming. I was like, all right, make sure you clear the hallway.
The Pittsburgh Penguins are actually making their way on the ice.
Clear the.
But I'm kind of, I'm like, I'm figuring out that the players will look up,
say, hey, that's fucking Wazzy.
Anyways, so they're all coming out.
And then as I'm talking, nobody, they're all in their kind of their game mode or their
flowers the first guy so I'm like come on flower in French so flower turns uh turns
real quick sideways he looks at me and all I see is this big smile you know how flowers always
and he's laughing I see him on the ice and then whip shows up oh my god an army and bugsy oh my god let's do a
jager bomb was he so anyways all these guys are coming out and the guys are coming they're all
giggling and I I turn around in the glass I kind of go against the glass with my arms against the
glass like I'm a huge fan of the penguins. I got the purple leather.
Let's go penguins.
And I'm banging in the glass.
They're all howling.
Next thing you know, I think it was two or three nothing.
After five minutes, I said, fuck, I get really fucked up.
And I think I ripped the, I ripped the thing.
And Terry had to walk, the coaches had to walk across the ice
in that building too.
So they had to walk by each other.
It wasn't like one that went
right from the room oh yeah yeah they went right by me right by me i was like oh buddy san jose
san jose there was like a 10-year stretch where like you just needed to survive the first 10
minutes it was something about the bar like i don't know if it was because it was so depressing in there. It's so dark. The city sucks. And we couldn't win there.
It was tough to win.
San Jose was, wow, a shark tank.
They were swarming.
Oh, yeah, for sure.
But were you always like that all the way up as a kid?
Like, were you always the class clown?
Oh, yeah, oh, yeah.
I always liked to, yeah, in class, class too i got kicked out of class quite a bit
just you know i know it was just uh just a way of i don't know i just like to have the class
laugh and also you know at that age when you're maybe in 12 13 14 grade you know
girls are laughing i'm like yeah she likes, she likes me anyway. So I just
kind of, yeah, just like to clown around the class, but obviously sometime teachers were like,
all right, that's enough. Some days I'd walk in Andre, just go outside. I don't want you in the
class today. So I was like, all right, good talk. It's not often like a correlation of like a,
like a humorous guy like yourself and someone who like fights or at least enjoys fighting.
When did that come along?
Like when you were playing minor hockey, were you a goal scorer?
And then all of a sudden you had to do it to survive?
Like when did that all begin?
What?
Was I a goal scorer?
Was I ever a goal scorer?
One of the best players in Quebec.
I was seriously a biz. I was, Biz, I was quite a good player.
Always top two scorer on the team, top three, you know.
Scoring lots of goals.
I was tall, more skinny, you know, minor hockey.
Then Ben Tam, Midget, started playing a little more physical, you know,
because  and I think I grew up with two brothers, two older brothers. Yeah, we playing a little more physical you know because and and i think i grew up with
two brothers two older brothers yeah we fought a little bit i don't know if i i don't know how
yeah i have a short temper but but i mean you got to be careful on the ice it's different you know
obviously but uh i i remember minor hockey as i getting older playing contact you know uh i was
getting pissed off sometimes guys were trying to
run me i just you know retaliate or whatever or take your snap sometimes you know three seconds
late and just jump on the elbow to the jaw here you go bud remember me anyways i didn't i didn't
but but i could play hockey and then when i got drafted i always tell people this. I was a good player. Then I got drafted in the Quebec Major Junior Hockey League.
And I remember a guy I knew said, well, you're 6'2", whatever,
and you're tall.
Guys are going to try to fight you.
And when I joined the league back then, fights, fights,
there was maybe seven, eight guys that could fight per team.
Yeah, that's crazy.
That was maybe 92.
Yeah, 91, 92, 93. there was maybe seven eight guys that could fight the team that was maybe 92 yeah 91 92 93 anyways
so a lot of fighters in the league and i was like really he's like oh yeah and if they if you back
off you know for sure they'll cut you and i my dreams nhl nhl like most of us most of the guys
you know we all want to play nhl and i said'm going to find a way to make it. And I always, it's funny, I always try to copy.
People laugh at me, but it's true.
I always try to copy Cam Neely, Rick Tockett type, Wendell Clark, you know.
Good, tough player can fight and that.
I wanted to play like that.
So I still could play, you know.
In the queue, I finished with 33 goals at 19, 323 pins.
And I started fighting.
I remember my first fight, Patrick Cote, not the MMA guy,
but he played in Nashville, Dallas.
Anyways, I fought him.
And then I fought a second time.
Then I was like, man, I'll just do this.
You know, it was all right.
At first, it was not pretty.
It was kind of you're swinging for the fence and falling down.
And I picked it up, and then I started being not too bad with it.
You know, my second year, I started feeding guys pretty good.
And anyways, yeah, so I got drafted in Boston and going to camp there.
Yeah, I was young, Dad, but I remember one of the scouts who told me uh
he's like andre after my second camp i think he's like uh we drafted you to be uh not to score goals
just so you know i was like oh okay it was sort of uh okay i i i like the score thanks
it makes more money you know i want i want to play golf like brad richards and
again and all those guys you know but anyways when he told me that it kind of
it processed to my mind that i was like all right maybe i'll have to you know just hit fight do
whatever to uh because i still wanted i had a foot in but nothing was settled yet so and then
my third year with the Bruins just went
downhill I got cut right away first guys went into Providence um hanging out foxy lady too much I
think I know it's but it was uh sorry no just kidding but we were uh I was there I had Bob
Francis for two years he was good to to me, you know, pretty strict.
But then Tommy McVie came along, and me and Tom, it was tougher, you know.
At one point, I think, me and him, we kind of crashed.
You know, we just didn't get along, so he sent me to Charlotte
in the East Coast League.
That's where I finished.
I played 25 games in the Coast.
I finished the year there.
Totally dominated.
18 points, 25 games.
Killed everyone.
By the way, I'm being sarcastic.
People are like, really?
Is he for real?
Who is this guy?
They can't tell they're morons.
No, I know.
I'm kidding. I'm kidding.
I'm kidding.
I went down there and the guys were great.
Guys obviously partied a lot.
You know, we had a good time, you know, but anyway.
So after that year, I signed as a free agent and I played in the IHL one year in Fort Wayne where I racked up 395 pims.
But it was just, you know, I'm fighting a lot, jumping guys, jumping in the stands.
It was like the Charlestown Chiefs, you know, I was just, I remember this time.
But lots of fight, but at the end of the games, a lot of time there was brawls, five on five.
I was always in the middle of it anyways, but so a lot of 10 minutes in that.
But I remember back then too
there was shootouts and in practice i was actually good at scoring all the time as one of the last
guys left they're like oh well anyway so at one one game against hindi i think they decided to
put me out there like second or third shooter so i i went out there i actually did it two games
before and i scored every time so this this game, I go on the ice.
We're at home, and Gerard Guerlain was the assistant with Grant Sonnier, head coach.
They were really good to me, helped me a lot.
Anyways, so I go out there.
I go with  I make a fake move, whatever.
I go to go back, but the goalie went for my skate,
so I kind of fell headfirst in the boards.
I didn't hurt myself.
I just slide in the boards there.
I skated by him.
He's like, nice move, you dummy.
I turned around.
What did you say?
Boom, right in the face.
I dropped my miss.
We're in a shootout right now.
I dropped my miss.
I'm speeding him.
Boom, boom, boom.
And the goalie's like doing the turtle.
All I see is their bench clear of the brawl.
The two benches empty in Fort Wayne.
Fucking fighting the goalie.
Shootout.
Probably the only guy to start a line brawl in a shootout.
That was me in the IHL.
So I got a 5, 10, 10, 5 minutes ban from the
Okay, so you kind of
Were you on an IHL deal?
Like you weren't signed to the NHL team that season?
No, not yet.
But I signed with Ottawa at the end of the year.
Rick Dudley was a scout for them.
Rick Dudley likes tough guys because he's
Yeah, so he's the one who kind of started following me,
and then my coach was telling me about Ottawa likes you.
Rick Dudley's at the game.
So what I do, I go out there.
I grab whoever, you know, wants to fight.
I hit.
I try to do whatever.
And then a couple weeks later, my agent called me.
He said, you have an offer to a two-year contract, two-way, obviously,
including that year.
So I said, yeah, where do I sign?
I didn't care.
I just wanted another opportunity.
And I was like 24 at that time. So I signed a contract.
And, yeah, that summer, I remember the GM in Ottawa was Marshall Johnson.
He called me in the summertime.
He's like, hi, Andre, Marshall Johnson.
I was like, yes, Mr. Johnson, how are you doing?
So he's like, we'd like to send you a power skating.
We think it'd be good for you to North Dakota.
I was like, man, my summertime was just,
I want to be with my buddies, golf, train, party,
going on St. Catherine, St. Lawrence, you know, at that age anyways, but I was like,
one side of me wanted to party.
The other side was like, okay, maybe I should maybe start being more serious
about my hockey career.
So he's like, yeah, we're thinking of sending you three weeks to North Dakota.
I was like, on the phone.
I was like, oh yeah, cool.
No problem. Unless you want to go one week. And my mind's like, Oh yeah, cool. No problem.
Unless you want to go one week. And my mind is like,
what am I going to say now? Three weeks. So I said, no,
I'll go three weeks for sure. Which I did. I went there. We skated,
worked out plyos boxing every day, Monday to Saturday.
And seriously, that's the best moment of my career.
That's what put me really ready for training camp i showed up in
ottawa people were like what who is this fucking wing nut especially i had 400 pins in that season
not many people were coming around me i was just running around yash and alfredson all those guys
hey and you never and you never played in the minors again like you you probably never would have guessed that fuck never again yeah exactly i i just uh you know i but i gotta say when i was 2021 with the bruins i think
mentally i wasn't quite ready i think because i was so impressed remember i remember my first
game called up against the sabers in the fleet center in boston that's what it was called it
was the first year i missed by a year
the garden so first year fleet center the buffalo sabers all i'm thinking is like oh shit rob ray
brad may you know they had barnaby or a boogner whatever i was like maybe i should grab barnaby
or boogner whatever but ray and may i was like holy shit i was like 20 years old i think i was
201 at that time you know just coming out of junior.
I said, I'm going to get killed if I ever.
I said, if I have to, I will.
But I played, I think, three, four shifts.
I was kind of, I wasn't ready.
Just being there with Ray Bork, Adam Oates, Kevin Stevens.
Kevin Stevens was there.
Hardy.
Hardy.
Anyways, but those guys, it was just like wow what am i doing here i just
felt like i wasn't i i was in the wrong place but i think in ottawa i finally i said you know i knew
a lot of guys in the league i said i can play in this league so i did whatever i need to do
any mma or boxing or anything in the summer times?
Yeah, I did some boxing.
Yeah, not MMA.
I don't know if it was that big back then, you know, but not in Quebec anyways.
But I did some boxing in the summertime a little bit once or twice a week, you know, with a guy, with a coach.
Did it fuck with you, like leading up to like uh like a game day routine were you like
the anxiety or did you just you kind of mentioned all these stories about the eye and how you
start the warm-up like or in the shootout excuse me like did you just live for it when when i played
that doing that role you mean yeah oh my god it's the worst feeling for people that never fought
that that no not never fought for people that never fought. No, not never fought.
For people that are wondering what is the role of an enforcer.
I mean, back, even you, Biz, you kind of, you were still in the league
and there was a lot of tough guys still around.
Now I know it's changed.
There's still a couple tough guys.
But the role of an enforcer is, it basically like the so people so you know a little
bit what it is it's it's like the bully coming to you at school telling you i'm waiting for you at
three o'clock when the bell rings i'm gonna beat the shit out of you outside in the schoolyard
all day you're thinking of the bully waiting for you when the bell's gonna ring that's kind of that's the feeling
anyways that's i i wasn't pretty i i can't say i enjoyed fighting i did it it was my job and i
prepared for it i a lot of visualization uh and mental too you know watching a little bit of tapes
but uh all day you know i couldn't sleep some afternoons. When I knew it was a really, like, a big, tough guy,
I remember when Bouguard was there.
My last year in Calgary, I got to say in Calgary,
I wanted to do it, but my mind wasn't there.
My fights were just shit, you know. And I remember Boogie, he fought Fedorok and hurt him pretty good.
I think Trevor Gillies got knocked out.
He was just killing guys.
And we were playing the wild
it's like man and then he won game he crushed renee board behind the net i was like fuck i
gotta answer the bell so keen and mike keenan puts me out there i was like hey yuppie so i go in the
face of hey boogie i'm trying to be all nice so i don't want to piss him off you know same with the whoever mcsorley probie or
those guys brash anyways so i'm like uh hey boogie will have to go he's like he looks at me i'll
fucking go yeah i was like oh shit here we go so i just kind of i didn't even wait i didn't square
up i kind of went in i wanted to go more technical because I knew the reach. He was 6'8". Would have just crushed me, broke my face, whatever.
I didn't want that.
But I did what I could, and I'll respect, rest in peace for him.
I know.
But, yeah, every game when I knew something happened
or I had to do something, sometimes, you know,
when you lose three, four games in a row,
the coach is all in a pissy mood in the locker room.
You're like, okay, I'm going to start my first shift.
I'm fighting someone for sure.
Try to get the team going, the crowd into it.
Then he starts you starting lineup.
You kind of know.
So you're all hyped up, you know.
So, yeah, it was tough.
You know, I found a way to manage that anxiety if you want, you know? Yeah.
But yeah, exactly. It was a job and it wasn't fun, but I did it.
Cause you know, I had to, but once you're done, it was, Oh,
fuck in the box, you know, then you could just, you know,
But going back, I know we kind of hopped over your junior career there.
Cause you gave us the full rundown.
It wasn't to that level of intensity when you started that Q career.
You started in a city called Beauport or Beauport?
Yeah, that's Quebec.
That's Quebec.
Now it's the Quebec Ramparts.
Patrick Waugh, Patrick Waugh coach is there.
So it's a small city right by Quebec quebec city in quebec so we're pretty
much you know in downtown so i was in beauport there for uh till christmas then i i got traded
just uh yeah what was what was it like living in these like small quebec towns like what was it
like playing yeah yeah well beauport wasn't bad because Quebec City is kind of like Ottawa or let's say in the States, it's the size of maybe Buffalo.
Yeah, yeah, it's a good city.
Maybe like Buffalo or, I don't know, Hartford or Providence,
bigger now, but sort of like that, you know.
So it wasn't a bad city.
It was kind of good.
I went to Chicouturimi that's way
up north people just live hockey hockey and uh there was more uh i was like five hour or four
five and a half hour from home it was kind of yeah i miss my buddies family you know at first
but you kind of get used to it you know you uh create that uh kind of Like how many English-speaking people were there being in Chicoutimi?
Oh, my God.
Quebec is terrible.
Chicoutimi, too.
But not to be an ass or nothing, but people, you go to Quebec City,
and it's going to be like, excuse me, can you tell me where's the ring?
They'll be, okay.
You come not here, okay.
You go light, you go left, and then it's sort of like that.
You know, it's really, they don't speak much English.
It's not, so when people go there, it's completely,
because I've seen people trying to speak English.
I actually had
fun with it i remember one time when i had my truck license plate rhode island when i played
providence i'd come back summertime and i'd go golf in quebec cities with my buddies so i'd stop
and we just walk around i excuse me can you tell me where's the golf course we're from rhode island and the people would go like that okay the the golf you go there and that right and uh no the the past the church the third the
church yeah the third church and then then i'd finish in french okay and then they'd be like
fuck you you fucking asshole you know i used to do that with my buddies we just how you know we
just fuck around the poor guy would try for five minutes to tell me how to get to the golf course
and then i tell him i speak french they would just lose it anyways but yeah just back the
question not many people that the english not too good montreal downtown uh it's really good oh yeah
you had you know you had the two call-ups in boston but your first when you became a regular
nhl your your first regular coach was jacques martin the imitation you do of jacques martin
that guy did you like him do you you get along? I like Jacques.
Seriously, he's...
Hey, I had Jacques Martin.
I had John Tortorella, Mike Keenan,
and they're all good guys,
but they're really hard coaches.
You know, Mike Tarian and Edzo.
Ed Oldtrick, I had him briefly,
but I loved Edzo.
Too bad we were just losing. It was more,
you know, it was a tough start for our group, but Edzo was great. But Jacques, I always tell
people he's the coach that gave me my chance in the NHL, gave me an opportunity to establish
myself. And, you know, he helped me a lot. So I like Jacques. I do the impersonation of Jacques just because I spend a lot of time with him.
We talked in the office.
And he's a great guy.
I love him.
And it's not to be rude or make fun of him.
No, no, no.
I know.
It was just so funny.
Oh, my God.
I know he was in Pittsburgh.
But yeah, Andre, it's important that you just keep working.
Being physical also, you know,
bring that physicality to our team under control.
And I think down the road, you know, you're going to be important to our hockey club.
And, you know, yeah.
So, you know, it was just great, you know, just one time he brought, yeah.
No, he's just good. Just fucking guys fucking shit wake the fuck up i give you days off that's the way you fucking respond fucking shit fucking get
going here fuck you know it wasn't too uh it was nothing crazy when he got mad but you know guys
knew how to respond still he was great i love jock and i i if he listens i say
i always do and i love i he's he's great i i love him what was the incident uh where like they were
taking like a bunch of photos for the guys going to the olympics and you wore like a jersey during
like this picture session and like the yeah organization was pissed yeah yeah i think
maybe i got traded after that maybe it was uh you were talking was there any times that you
crossed the line maybe those are times i crossed the line and i didn't know was that was that in
ottawa that was in ottawa so we were we i was there the years, early 2000, where we played the Leafs first round
and we'd lose to the Leafs in the first round.
It was tough because regular season, we're always first.
We were unreal.
You know, Alfredson, Ablett, Mariano.
Charo came along after we traded Yashin.
But we had a great team.
Wade Redd and Chris Phillips anyways.
So we had a bunch of guysade red and chris phillips anyways so we had a bunch of
guys going to the olympics that year marion also chara um i think was red and maybe going a bunk
radic bunk was going with the check we had about jac was going as a coach with team canada
so i was uh i don't know i i talked to the trainers and I was like would it be funny if I
just go there and like pretend that I I'm like part of the Olympic guys going to the Olympics
he's like you won't do it let's do a jersey I was like yeah yeah do it this so they were all
getting ready the photograph was on the ice to take pictures of all the guys so since I was born
in the states I'm born in portchester new york
they put a blue jersey and they put usa with white tape so i put the jersey on and they're
taking their pictures so i came in flying i stopped obviously hosa bonk and chara they're
kind of laughing but i don't know if jacques thought it was funny it was like their moment
but i was just
trying to be you know just say i'm i'm with you guys i'm going to the olympics usa us anyways i
was fucking around like that i'm there in the team picture i i just stood there for a little bit
then i took off guys are kind of laughing and i was like maybe i don't know well uh anyways i
think i got trained not too long after that.
But, yeah, it was kind of funny in the moment anyways.
But it was just, again, to just have the guys laugh.
One year Stanley Cup.
One year Stanley Cup.
Yeah, exactly.
Well, hopefully.
Anyways, but I always tell people if Ottawa would have been patient,
we would have won the Cup in Ottawa.
Because I'm kidding, I'm kidding.
But yeah, to Tampa, I was, yeah, when I got traded there.
Were you surprised?
Oh, yeah, big time.
Because seriously, in the paper,
and I was playing some really good hockey, seriously,
because I remember there's all these articles.
And yeah, there are articles,
but anyways, they were saying good stuff,
Andrew playing well, you know,
even at one time I was like, wow, okay,
settle down, I'm not, but there was an article,
it was saying Mr. Everything,
because I had a goal and assist,
they gave me four assists, a fight, another fight,
so a guy that kind of liked the rough stuff
wrote that, Don Brennan anyways
and uh I think it was done anyways uh but uh it was just funny and I didn't expect it I remember
I got the phone call I was at home just having dinner and uh the GM said we just trade you to
Tampa thank you for everything I said well I didn't know what to say so I went to Tampa and
they were all in the playoffs I was getting ready for that around. So I went to Tampa and they were out of the playoffs. I was getting ready for that around the playoffs.
So went to Tampa.
They were like playing in front of 13,000 fans, 12 times.
It was like a bad atmosphere then.
Oh yeah.
It was.
So I got there and I turned the franchise around.
Really.
I came there and showed really how to do it.
And not just kidding, but uh but it's funny because the
guys not playing would sit with the wives in the stands it was that bad and like people would kind
of know you are but not really so that's a fine but that's a fine yeah yeah so uh sitting with
your old lady in the crowd during a national yeah that's like at least i get the two and a
half hours with the boys if I'm a healthy scratch.
Ching, ching, dude. Ching, ching.
But yeah, it was fine for sure.
He's like, watch what the guys are doing that are in the
lineup, honey. You got to watch these
guys and study them.
Exactly.
Oh no, I fuck.
I would sit there, but I know there was
one or two guys not playing. They would go
and I was like, what the fuck are they doing they doing there anyways but it's funny because it really uh it it uh it went
on quickly because from that year not making the playoffs the next year our group there was a couple
trades made it was a good core there and uh i think guys slowly started believing and we made
it to the second round that the net the the following year lost to the devils.
And the next year we went all the way to the final.
So it turned around pretty quick.
I got to ask you this question.
RA was grilling Brad Richards about,
about how Andrew trucks nickname is wood.
Is that what you said?
It was RA.
Yes.
Per the article I read.
It's what's illustrated.
Had you ever heard of of andrew chuck being named
wood wood uh it depends uh it wasn't something regular though he had a couple different nicknames
and so it still lives on but it would i don't know if it's what i think but i i yeah all right um but yeah i don't know there you go funny story
of andrew chuck there you go i was asking next okay but but not with the wood uh nothing related
to the wood but i remember one time andy you know he's older he's 40 whatever i think he played till
43 whatever he was maybe 41 back then we're in nashville a boring city like nashville so we were
staying there sleeping staying over before we're traveling to philly and i'm kidding by the way
nashville's unreal we all know this trip that so we stayed in we just won i think so we went out
obviously like everyone so we we partied hard we had fun. And Johnny Graham, you know, backup goalie, great guy, you know,
had fun that night.
So next day we had an early bus and Johnny Graham couldn't wake up.
We're trying to call him, text him, whatever.
So we're all in the bus.
Where's Johnny?
Where's Johnny?
So Andy's trying to call his room.
That's where he got one of the maintenance guy of the hotels.
Like I'm trying to get in the room to get my teammates.
So they're knocking on the door, and they had the lock there.
They couldn't get in.
But I guess the guy had something special to close the door and open the lock,
the hatch on the door.
So I guess he told us after we're all waiting in the bus,
then Torch said, okay, enough.
Let's get the fuck out of here.
So we're all, hey, but Andy's up there.
So we're all, so the bus is leaving the hotel.
So as we're leaving the hotel, all we see is Andrew Chuck.
He has two knee braces.
He can barely skate and he won't be upset that he was unreal with his stick.
Not that he skated all right, but not that that he he was unreal with his stick not the he skate all right
but not the so his knees were were pretty banged up we see captain andrew chuck 41 free he's running
behind the bus in the streets it was kind of funny to see him run behind the bus but he was pissed
off got on the bus and guys were like stop the fucking bus so we finally stopped the bus and we jump on the bus
all like exhausted staring at torts he was a little pissed off that torts he knew it was
torts that said okay let's get out of here you know but i guess torts told us later on he wanted
to see what kind of team we are if we stood up for a teammate, but that he said that John Graham was on the bed,
but naked just there passed out.
He's like,
okay, go shower up and meet us in Philly,
which he did anyways.
Maybe that's why they call him wood.
Cause he looked like Woody from toy story,
chasing after the bus.
Oh,
he looked like Wazi skating at the reunion when he brought him back.
Hey, so remember, reunion when he brought him back remember I was talking to
Alan costume when I grabbed the guy's
guitar and start playing song he was in
the corner just waiting can I get my
guitar and leave now we're at
Ricky's house and the plates are hot
the plates are hot
oh my god the poor guy
he's hired and was he stole his guitar so yeah i think it was your uh
i think it was your maybe your second time with tampa bay maybe not but you had a run in with
torts where you made um you made like a throat slashing gesture i thought i was itchy i was
itchy my because i shaved in the morning and my my beard was kind of itchy.
Torres wasn't happy about your itch.
Is that in Philly?
You're talking with Cot there? Yeah, yeah.
Well, yeah, it's  and I'm so not proud of that moment.
That's one moment when people ask me, is there anything you regret?
That moment, I went over  but I got to say, I'm somebody that's really proud.
You know, I hate to look bad or everybody.
I don't know.
I like to, I don't like being embarrassed.
And that fight, I fought Kote in the first period.
I think I did well.
You know, we fought like four times that year, and it always was good.
I always did well.
He caught me on the chin that fight anyways.
And, you know, obviously I was a little embarrassed.
You feel like you let your teammates down.
You feel like, what did I do?
I just, and nothing that Kote did wrong.
He did his job, just happened to hit me.
I went in a little nonchalant you kind
of and and that's a moment that I I totally regret I went overboard and you know I wish I would have
reacted differently just maybe take that fight and just shut my yap you know and and maybe wait
till next year because it was towards the end of the year, I think, at that time. And, yeah, but there was a big buildup, too.
People really don't know.
They see the YouTube video.
And, by the way, I even, that's how embarrassed I am of that video.
I wish I could take it off.
I even tried to write to the guy that posts that video,
because there's a video, just Andre Walu's is cool, you know,
and you see me doing slash strokes and again
I'm not proud it's not a good example I regret everything I did that night and uh I couldn't get
a hold of the guy but I don't know anyways so if you're listening take it down for my kids no but
you know it's anyways long story short short um I went the room, and that was the second fight.
And so I fought him first, did well second.
He caught me.
Go back in the room.
Torts comes in the room.
Andre, come here.
So I go.
I see him.
He's like, can I play you?
And obviously, I'm fired up.
I'm pissed off because they started showing us in the box.
They're showing the replay.
You know, it isn't Philly fans are chirping me.
Hey, Roy, I'm hearing all kinds of stuff.
That's pumping me even more.
I'm getting fired up inside of me.
I'm trying to talk to myself, you know.
Stay within yourself.
All I can hear is Jacques Martel.
Yeah, we need you under control.
You know, it's important.
You're physical.
And down the playoffs, you know, you can't take bad penalties
and put the team in a tough situation.
So I go back in the room towards the OK.
And all I said to Torres, because I was fired up,
fans, they're showing the replay.
I was like, I am fine, Torres.
You know what?
I'm starting the period.
He's like, and I'm fucking going out there
and I'm going round three with Kote.
And then he's like, I can't do that.
Oh, yes, you can.
And then he could see, I think Torts saw my face,
how I was fired up.
I was ready to, I was just pissed off, you know,
because just what happened.
I think it was maybe one of the first times that my knees buckled like that.
But it happens to all the best of us.
That's the thing.
In the moment, you're fired up.
You think it's the worst thing, but Proby got mad.
You know, everybody, even Kote against George Barrows.
It's ego-driven.
Eh?
It's ego-driven.
Exactly.
You too, Biz. Everybody. Martyy mcsore you name him everyone
had a bad night or a bad fight or that you wish you could uh handle it i did it to you blonsky
but then he knocked me out again exactly see so so oh yeah you're gonna baby me
again exactly any night it can be anyone's night so anyways so i was like i'm fucking
starting third period we're going round three then you coach your team do whatever you want
it's like no you stay here you get undressed i was like i'm not getting undressed fuck that he
did that to me well i know one time i took a penalty towards told me get undressed and i did
i don't know why and i don't know why I got undressed,
but I just listened to the coach.
He's the one.
He's the boss.
And that time, I said, I'm not getting undressed
because it shows I'm hurt and that.
I was, yeah, I got my bell ring, but I was ready to go again.
So anyways, Torts saw I was fired up, so I went on the bench,
and the whole time, again, they're showing the replay,
and fans are, hey, Roy're showing the replay and fans,
Hey,
right.
You got to go again.
You fucking pussy.
You know,
sorry,
my language,
but you hear all the chirps of people.
So I'm just fired up.
And I think Scott Hartnell skated by said something to me.
That's when I,
during a TV timeout,
I jumped on the ice and I tried to kind of go towards their bench.
The linesman grabbed me. I came back on the bench and I tried to kind of go towards their bench the linesman grabbed me I came
back on the bench and that's when you see me I'm all fired up and I Kote was kind of and again Kote
did nothing wrong he's just doing his job he's thinking up for his team and I don't I'm not even
mad at him today it was just you know in the moment it just how it went down and again i'm not happy
how i reacted and that but so i did this last show telling you i didn't know i was like what
am i gonna do show a fist and i'm gonna give you this fist on your nose i just it was just a
reaction i'm gonna you know come after you keep your head up and to the hard no to him to everyone that was looking at me basically so it's pretty
embarrassing moment so i i regret it totally but yeah so that's why i did the the slash throat
feel shame go to the box sorry to be a buzz kellington no no no no but i i'm glad because
i never really talked about the uh that incident something you know because i think you're being a little hard
on yourself like it's yeah you know how many times that's happened you were pissed off and
you're in the worst building ever you're in the worst building ever to lose a fight into those
fans stuff they're probably yelling at you fuck yeah exactly and and you know it went well first
period dad and uh so yeah it was just a tough environment, tough situation,
and I reacted maybe the wrong way.
So, yeah.
Hey, Wazzy, I'm curious.
You got to Tampa and kind of not many fans.
Team isn't necessarily doing great,
but you must have seen pretty quick how good this team was going to get.
Was it just LeCavier getting that much better?
St. Louis was  what kind of brought that team together to become that good?
Yeah, I think, like I mentioned earlier, we had really a good core,
a good group there.
Like you said, we had the Marty St. Louis that started becoming who he became,
you know, and then Vinny LeCavier,, first round pick, was a really good player.
He was kind of slowly getting in his role, you know, as a first rounder,
big guy, you know, just skill, good shot.
Brad Richard came along.
We traded.
They got Danny Boyle.
That was unreal indeed.
Dan Boyle on the par, played Pavel Kubina.
So slowly, I think as a group, I mentioned that, but we were, they added some bits and pieces here. You know, me, I came,
I think for a little toughness, same as Chris Dingman got trade from Carolina.
So me and Dinger were playing on that four line, but the Richards,
Freddie Modine, Ruslan Fedothenko hi guys uh then we had uh
elmo ruslan such a nice guy hey i love russo he was so nice but uh ruslan was clutch that
stanley cup run he was great and he's clutch with pittsburgh too didn't uh he scored the goal that
went on stanley cup yeah yeah we won 2-1 against the Flames
and Ruslan got the two goals there.
That's the thing.
Every round and every game,
there was a different line stepping up.
If one line wasn't going,
you had another line.
So we had good two first line
and then the Corey Saric,
Colomore, those guys, Pratt,
were blocking shots.
Torts is a maniac with blocking shots.
We started just playing and just it's part of the game nowadays.
You see it a lot.
You know, it's a big stats.
If you look at players, they block shots.
And Abbey Bullen and that Nikolai Abbey Bullen was unreal.
And I always tell people a team without a good goaltender can't really win a cup.
You need some good goaltending, which he did.
So we had all this group.
But that first year, I mentioned earlier, second round.
After that year, guys, we sat down and said, listen, I think we have the guys there to make this happen.
So coming in camp the next year with Torts,
we know his training camps are hardest camps I've ever been.
We were prepared to start the season off really well, which we did.
We're always, I think we were first in the East with Detroit.
We're battling to first in the league, actually.
So we had a really good run.
And then after Christmas, we went on a good
streak there and we believe we could win uh we could go far and uh yeah we we uh we did it actually
in 04 so were you partying quite a bit during that run i remember that being the run of uh
uh hulkamania like the holster was oh yeah was he around you guys his daughter was singing all
the anthems apparently he tried to get in the locker room for, like,
the final speech from, like, the ownership group and shit.
And they were like, yeah, listen, buddy, you got to go.
Like, he was milking it hard.
Yeah, I know.
He was trying to get in.
He went, oh, yeah, Hulk me.
But Hulkster, I remember I have great pictures with him on the ice
when we won the cup.
He would come to the games and they would bring
this uh kind of big uh dolly whatever they would bring him out there and he would just grab the
mic and Tampa Bay let's play hockey the crowd would just go you know so he he would come just
to get the crowd fired up every game in the playoffs. So when we won, he came on the ice.
And, yeah, I think he tried to get a locker room there,
but it was just  I don't know who stopped him.
But, yeah, you know, I think it was a time where the owners were there,
the players and that.
So  but, yeah, he was there quite a bit.
And we partied a little bit when we beat philly
it was in tampa we had a couple days before the the cup final gets uh going again so we party but
not nothing crazy not like uh you know not like a rock star not like you're going to vegas or
anything but you know we are like bugsy yeah not like bugsy you to Vegas or anything, but, you know, we are like Bugsy. Yeah, not like Bugsy, you know.
Hey, Shug, come here, Shug.
Do you remember that?
I remember one time you being like, like you're always joking around one time,
like, I've never seen anybody like this fucking guy.
Oh, yeah, Bugs.
He was enjoying the NHL.
Always happy, always smiling.
I know.
Hey, we're in Columbus after Terian said,
I think that we're trying to be the worst defensive squad in the National Hockey League,
and we're doing a good job at it.
Remember that quote he said about us?
And then Rob dummied Bugsy, remember?
Bink, bink, bink.
Yeah. So I go to uh we go to columbus taryn brings me in and gives me the you've seen that 40 old virgin movie i'm like uh yeah i'm like
where the fuck's he going with this so he's like yeah i rented last night how much i paid for it
i was like why what what does this have to do but do you know how much it. I was like, why? What does this have to do? But do you know how much it was?
I was like, I don't know, fucking 12 bucks.
So he's like, yeah, yeah.
He's like, how much do you make here?
Yeah, like I make whatever, you know.
He said, exactly.
You're paid well money.
You're paid good money.
Do your job.
The whole league's making fun of us.
Fucking, you got to do something.
It's embarrassing.
This team has no balls.
Fucking joke. Fucking, all right, go get ready. Fucking shit. making fun of us fucking you gotta do something it's embarrassing this team has no balls fucking
joke fucking all right go get ready fucking shit so i go in the room jaren's giving to me i'm like
yeah right i have another cigarette anyways anyways but uh no no but back then mike's was
was smoking quite a bit anyways he comes in the room i don't know if you remember
he goes around the room and he gives us the uh
yeah you guys you want to know because why you don't win because you don't care for one another
and until you don't do that you're not gonna win a fucking game you're tough you have tattoos
everywhere you think you're tough he's turned sane and bugsy r Ryan Malone covered in tattoos he was the only guy with tattoos
yeah then he's giving
it to us saying again we're scared
we're not a team we're not hit
you know we don't have our
own backs and that's why we're losing
and fucking wake up
so that game I think to
five minutes in the poor goalie
Sebu rent first NHL game
was 3-0 Columbus.
Woo!
Woo!
Woo!
In Columbus, we're like, hey, this is really going well.
Bugsy's fighting Rob.
Boom, boom.
Harmy's getting fired.
Fought somebody.
I fought Shelly.
Odie's fighting someone.
Lilo.
Anyways, it was just, we lost 6-1.
Anyways, great, great times.
Holy shit.
Wazzy, this is a, Wazzy, are you doing stuff with RDS?
Yeah, I do.
I have a show on the road.
I go see most of the French guys because it's a French show,
obviously, in Montreal.
So I go see the guys like, let's say, Anthony Manta in Washington.
I'll go see Tanger in Pittsburgh.
You know,
I'll go see the guys established.
Maybe in New York,
I'll go see.
I've done it already,
but with Lafreniere and those guys.
So kind of go around Bergeron,
Boston.
So I have this show,
kind of,
it's half the show is more serious interview with them.
And then I do more fun stuff with them.
You know,
sometimes I wear costume. I kind of do stuff serious interview with them and then i do more fun stuff with them you know i sometimes i wear costume i kind of do stuff games with them just to get them in a different uh zone
you know and trying to bring them in a different site where people can see the player you know
maybe uncomfortable or whatever anyways but yeah doing that and i'm in studio once or twice a week here doing stuff. So I do a little bit of podcast here also.
I don't have my own, but I collaborate now with Guillaume Letendre,
Max Lepierre, La Poche Bleue.
Oh, yeah.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Yeah, so they're slowly kind of in your footsteps.
They're doing well.
But in Quebec, yeah.
So I'm with them doing stuff there too.
So, yeah.
I played with Lappy Quick in Modo.
I retired two games in in Sweden, minus eight in two games.
I retired.
But we got to get those guys on because I see they're doing real well.
They got a beer and everything.
But I think our listeners are going to be like,
why doesn't you yourself have a fucking American english podcast so yeah it's uh we appreciate you coming on i don't know if
biz had anything else no it's just i mean you talked about like making the nhl was the ultimate
dream you end up playing over 500 games you got to bounce around i know we didn't really talk about
calgary much but like when you talk to your your friends still like what are some one maybe one
crazy story that pops out with an experience with a teammate that you like to tell like a story a
good story or funny or just like i mean like you seem like you fucking have so many in the bag of
where you're like oh my god i get to enjoy these experiences like was there one that was actually
more like sentimental to you about like a an interaction or anything through your career there was my my first shower with mario lamu
sid crosby that was legendary i think uh you know two idols of mine you know showering with those I don't know. Just kidding. Um, I mean, my, my,
obviously there's always, uh, your first NHL goal.
The Stanley cup is obviously up there. Uh,
something, uh, legendary. Um,
yeah, real.
No, I mean, like I said,
sometimes it's put a quarter in the guy
and he can fucking rifle one off.
And sometimes it's like, no, that's it.
Yeah, yeah, no, no.
But there's so many stuff.
I don't know where to go with this because I still have more stories
that are kind of silly, crazy.
But the first NHL, the Stanley Cup.
Remember Rookie Party for Pittsburgh and L.A.
when if we won, Bucsie could come out there.
Oh, my God. Hey, remember? They're like when if we won, Bucksie could come out there? Oh, my God.
Remember they're like, if you win, we'll fly Malone out.
Remember in L.A. that Rookie Party?
We got the two boots there.
There was a guy, American Pie, Jason Bates.
There was a couple.
Paris was there with her little puppy.
Anyways, a little chihuahua fucking with nicole anyways remember we had the two boots with all the gray goose and people were starting to come and serve themselves and and girls and
that were trying to steal so i was doing the drinks at the end there i was staring
anyways i'm not gonna go there but people were they were like
we need another drink yeah coming up anyways but no but but where you are god you're mixing the
drinks this is fucking yeah i don't know if i'll get arrested for this oh yeah you had a spoon it
was a big spoon yeah exactly no it was just because it
was getting annoying people were just grabbing our bottles and pouring themselves drinks we're
like seriously we're we don't know you you're we're praying for this so i was like hey you
want a drink so i was doing the anyways hey that was the night that um the girl uh lc from the
hills she was there too and they were filming they were filming like an episode of the hills. She was there too. And they were filming, they were filming like an episode of the hills.
So I remember I went and they had the rope and I went up and I was like,
come here, come here. I think that she'd never come over. She comes over.
And I was like, do you like doing this show?
She just went like, what the fuck? It turned around. I was like, Oh my God.
That was a good night though. That was a good night though that was a good oh yeah it was it was really good we
we end up at the mansion there with f and the hot tub and cigar out of here
you are such a ball buster man this has been awesome no but it was appreciate this buddy you
know we gotta do a sandbagger i don't know if you've seen us on YouTube.
We play other hockey guys, two buddies, in golf.
I know you mentioned golf a couple times.
It'd be fun.
Yeah, yeah.
We played Theodore.
We played Theodore Jovanovsky.
Yeah, yeah.
No, I'd love to send me whatever.
It'd be great to go either golf or hockey games.
I know a lot of people sometimes there's alumni.
Well, I know Pittsburgh.
I wasn't there long enough.
But I know they do games, Army, Bugsy.
I think Max Talbot went down the pit.
They're playing another.
But anyways, because I do charity events there and I see Brad May.
I see Wendell Clark, guys like that, Shane Corson.
We have a good time so
I always like to take part of these so if there's a whatever event give me a call I'll be glad to
come see you guys and yeah just have fun and do Jaeger bumps with Bugsy yeah be off out of Bugsy's
ass and we'll get the sock I think there was a sock stealing story that you were involved in.
So we're going to get more of these pranks.
You're coming on again.
You're going to tell your buddy.
Yeah.
Yeah.
There's more stuff towards reading glasses.
I steal also.
And yeah,
there's a bunch of stuff.
Yeah.
We'll save some for round two,
but thank you so much.
It's funny.
Like I remember how funny you are and I didn't even remember that well
because this was frigging hilarious.
All right, did you have one more?
Yeah, well, one to start.
Actually, I want a coaching question.
When you were with Boston, you played, I think, 13 games
on the Steve Kasper experience.
Were you with the team when he benched Daly and Stevens that night,
or were you down in Providence? What kind of ripple effect that had throughout the organization
I I remember that uh really well I was in uh Toronto I think but I was in Providence yeah
I was in Providence and I think uh Steve Casper was trying to like like a lot of coaches when
things weren't going too well he's trying to to pass a message to his key players, you know,
but it didn't go too well.
I think Steve Casper got fired not too long after that event there.
So, yeah, maybe not the right thing to do to Bam Bam Cam.
And was it Cam?
Yeah, it was Cam.
Yeah, it was Cam and Stevens.
He stapled him on the bench and it was a short story.
He never coached again after that season.
Yeah, exactly. So, you know, it's tough.
You can't really go against your big star player,
but I remember my second year in Boston, we, we, we were in that.
I think it might've been that year.
Cause I got called up 10 games that year and we were in Philly.
We lost a game and Stevie Casper, I think, said curfew tonight.
Everyone in the room and guys, the veterans, you know, I'm like 21.
And I think it was maybe not Stevens, but Rick Talkett, those guys,
like everyone is going out tonight.
I'm like, fuck, even me?
Like I'm a rookie.
I just got called.
He's like, everyone's going out.
You're coming.
I was like, right on, NHL.
Yeah, let's do this.
So I went out.
I went out with the boys in Philly.
I'm partying in that next day in practice.
After practice, I got sent down to Providence.
So I was like, oh, shit, maybe I shouldn't have went out.
Maybe they knew who everybody went out.
But, yeah, anyways, that was, yeah, I was in a serious maybe when i was 2021 anyways
before we get to our last question with andre why i have to jump in to talk about chevrolet
we couldn't be more excited about chevrolet supporting our podcast and more specifically
their class of evs i'm talking bolt i'm talking blazerinox, and of course the Silverado, which I drove around Canada all
summer in. And you guys know, I'm not a big lavish spender. Chevrolet EVs are affordable. They're for
everyone. Call it an all-star capability on a fourth-line budget. Enough space to keep the
whole family comfortable. Chevy EVs are fun, affordable affordable and they go the distance and now there are over
2 000 certified chevy ev dealerships and a network of public charging stations to help you live
electric chevy is electric evs for everyone everywhere now back to the show game 704 i was
at i was actually at that game and that was the first time I crashed the Stanley Cup potty.
It was that restaurant inside the arena. I don't know how I got in.
I stayed there until 4 in the morning. That was a wild one. Nice rip-off.
That was so fun there.
We partied in a room a little bit, obviously, like every team.
Then up there, second level, there's this big conference room.
Big room, big room anyways, where, yeah, we had some dinners there
and some events, whatever.
So we went all the way up there, you know, partied there with the cup.
There was a bunch of people.
There was tennis players too from Tampa that were in there.
Anyways, the parents, friends, just a good time getting drunk from there we went
to our uh our andrew chuck's house so we partied at our captain's house uh jumping in a pool with
the cup we did that before white pittsburgh did it anyways but no we were at andy's house
till 8 a.m i think you know so just getting uh you know we're just enjoying you know what we
accomplish as as a group you know and uh it was just great and and the thing is it doesn't stop
there then you sleep till noon one two next thing hey dinner at five meet up there then we do it
again next night hey we're in the dinner then at the bar hey after five six days i was like oh my god i feel like ozzy just you know
i don't know where i am but anyways yeah so it was but it was a fun a good memories man
and and then the lockout happened that like i was saying so i
partied for 14 months just wow i i couldn't i couldn't go playing europe europe anywhere that
the leagues were were filled up with uh you know players just trying to find a spot so it's still
i went to england yeah i should have but even there I know I played in charity events and just partying you
know and well man when I showed up in Pitt I remember Dennis Bonvey at 9 a.m let's go we're
going really it's 9 a.m we're going why why Dennis because Carso and Biz did in game one at 7 a.m
seriously it's black against white 9 9 a.m., first group.
We're going.
Really?
Can I have a  awesome.
Buddy, we appreciate you coming on.
You're a beauty.
And good luck with everything.
And we'll talk to you soon again.
We'll be in touch, buddy.
Thank you.
Perfect.
Thanks for having me, guys.
Keep up the good work and send me all the booze, the liquor, and my add-ons.
Hey, we will.
I'll get trash on you, buddy.
Man, huge thanks to Andre Waugh for coming on.
Absolute riot.
I don't think I laughed that hard since we had Timmy Stapleton.
Hopefully you folks enjoyed it as well, but absolute hilarity.
But moving right along here, Biz, on Thursday, our pal Jack Eichel returned to Buffalo yet again.
Had an absolutely dominating performance,
had a hat trick and an assist and a VGK 7-4 win, the ninth in a row.
He got a little gladiator going.
Are you not entertained?
One of those goals had the arms out.
A pretty entertaining affair, needless to say.
But afterwards, he had some nice words to say.
I think he acknowledged last year he was still kind of angry
about the way things went.
But hopefully this will be like, not the end of the chapter.
But I think this doesn't have to be a big thing going on from now on.
Does it, Biz?
I don't think this is a big thing.
All right.
Well, all right.
No, I mean, pretty much.
He pretty much took a dump.
Jack Eichel's in Buffalo the rest of his life.
This isn't war.
You're a longtime NHL Bruins fan.
Yeah. I just thought
he acknowledged after the
first game he was still mad about things and
he had good things to say. That celebration
told me everything I needed to know.
That celebration was
chef's kiss. You know what that was
R.A.? That was like, remember last time
when I was in here and you guys got the laugh?
Look my fucking cornhole, you losers. It's my fucking night one one on the dash every fucking
time these two teams play i'm going to be tuning in from now on who had the golden knights and the
buffalo sabers as rivals when vegas entered the lead who had that on their bingo card all right nobody and these two
teams now fucking hate each other and it's the spite tour the pettiness in his celebration told
me everything wit dog the the best part the part that's kind of gone unnoticed is the hat trick was
all in the last 13 minutes of the third period. I mean, bang, bang.
It's like it's easy for him.
The first goal right to his skates, he knocks it in.
Really nice play.
I think the rebound went right off his skates, and he buried it.
The next one, he got shot out of a can
and beat whoever his guy was up the ice right in the middle.
I think Stevenson fed him.
He sniped one quick, and then he buried what was actually a great empty netter.
Not the best empty netter I've ever seen from David Pasternak or one of them.
But Eichel had a nice one.
He got it right in his own corner and just lofted it over everyone.
And as it went in, you could tell how fired up he was.
But I think forever.
I understand why he's making the comments on how he was he was bitter. Everything went down, but he's, they're, they're still now rivals.
I think that'll always be the case, which I love.
What else about that night?
Oh, I think, all right.
Were you, were we talking about it or somebody else about when, when he went back and they
lost the night that the Sabres fans owned them, it was so early.
He wasn't even healthy yet.
He's had other injuries and he was,
it was like almost too soon for that to happen.
And then after he just,
he chose violence,
which we're happy about,
but I was impressed by the effort because he's lighting it up exactly as we
said he would prior to this season.
It's finally feeling good dominating.
Yeah.
You think the Sabres fan base bit off a little bit more
than they could chew with this one?
We're going to come to find out.
Right now, it's looking like Vegas is way ahead of them
in terms of a chance to win a Stanley Cup.
But I'm a Sabres guy.
I've been saying that.
They're on a nice trajectory.
And Tate Thompson, I think I think i guaranteed actually we talked about um sophomore
slump possibilities i think we mentioned kairu thompson guys you signed the big tickets i said
the guy you don't have to worry about is tage thompson and this dude looks like a superstar
some nights he's scoring end-to-end goals shorthanded against the Bruins, cutting it in tight on the goalies.
So Sabres fans, stay positive.
That was an unbelievable solo effort by him against the Bruins.
That was their only goal of the night.
And listen, we mentioned, unfortunately, we mentioned the wagon shirts.
And I believe since then they've lost five in a row.
The Bills have lost back-to-back games and the city is in
shambles i don't know why we mentioned the shirts we sort of let them maybe soak in a little bit
more but and then on top to boot ra against the coyotes the zamboni had to call triple a and get
dragged what happened there the fucking wagon shirts is what happened. This was you, Biz.
This was not me.
I was very clear about it.
This was your idea, not mine.
Could you imagine thinking your organizations turn the corner
and then you lose to the Coyotes in a full-blown rebuild,
and then on that same night, you have to send the guys out there
to push the Zamboni to get it off the ice.
That is just a walking L.
Listen, I think that they're going to bounce back.
They're going to be fine, but not looking good right now for the Sabres fans
who are getting lippy with me when I simply said I still believe this is a top five picking team,
potentially a lottery picking team, and that would be a good thing.
Some of them have been ragging me.
I think it's a good thing. I them are ragging me i think it's
a good thing i still think you need some more pieces clearly or maybe some fucking new zamboni
pieces uh meanwhile vegas uh the logan thompson story continues to chuggle on uh eight and two
two three one goals against nine two five save percentage two shout outs and
aiden hill no slouchy the five and one in relief, two, three, two, let's see goals against nine,
20 save percentage, all,
but two regulars in the Atlanta have at least one goal and Hey,
credit to Bruce Cassidy team is playing back to the level that, you know,
we've gotten used to in this league. I know they haven't been around long,
but they kind of set a good standard and Cassidy's gotten back to that.
So it's a, it's, you know, I like to have in Vegas.
I think Vegas is one of those teams that you want at the top of the league.
People go out there.
They're a marquee team.
So I don't know.
When they're better, I think the league's better.
But what about those Winnipeg Jets?
Quietly slid in the first place in the Central with a three-game winning streak last week.
They went 7 out of 9.
After Sunday's thrilling comeback win, the Jets are 9-4-1.
They got 19 points.
Connor Hellebuck, a huge reason why uh seven three and one record 208 goals against nine three five save percentage
two shutouts uh josh marcy leading score on this team did a total 180 and biz you know uh what's
his name rick bonus got there he reconfigured the whole leadership group and you never know how that
might play out but obviously he fucking pulled the right ones here things are working pretty
good for them thus far well we we mentioned nashville and guys having career years last year
it seemed like a lot of guys on that jets team had off years and we thought that the top nine
high-flying offense was going to come in it was going to you know put lipstick on a pig for maybe
not a good so good looking back end and then hellebuck would be up to his old tricks. Well now with bonus coming in and things settling down,
I don't know what to call the leadership issue because there were rumblings
and we did talk about them before the year, but you know,
San Jose has taken this approach where they ended up taking the sea off Joe
Thornton. And although at the start, there's plenty of rumblings and,
you know, drama, this drama, that it seems like everything is in a great place there,
and the boys are fucking playing for each other.
And that back end who everybody said was thin, you talk about Morrissey,
Pionk, who they ended up getting over from New York,
and then Hellebuck up to his old tricks, man.
He's playing absolutely stellar.
And look at Scheifele, 10 goals right now.
I think he's got a couple OT winners.
Blake Wheeler's playing great hockey.
And I don't think that we've done enough justice for this team
by talking about them.
And I think that at some point in the near future here,
we are going to get one of their guys on to give us a deeper look
into what has turned things around with this organization.
So we're looking forward to it.
We appreciate all you Winnipeg Jets fans being patient about it.
But well-deserved after an off year last year
and looking like complete dog shit,
this team is playing and headed in the right fucking direction with dog.
Hell of a breakdown.
And this is with one of the best goal scorers in the league
the past few years, Kyle Connor.
He only has two goals right now.
You know that'll change.
So I think this team is I was a year off because last year I thought the most improved team there and have a great year.
I was just a touch off. You know, there was a major shakeup in, I guess, every aspect, coaching players, leadership.
But still, I was I was only one year away. So I think with Hellebuck, they could be there the entire season.
They could be in the playoff hunt where I didn't really consider that possible.
Even with as good as he is, he's at that special level right now
where the players, when you have a goalie like that,
every game you just get this added confidence knowing he'll keep you in it.
You got a chance tonight.
So we're going to talk to one of their guys, hopefully soon.
All right.
You think we got a whiteout coming potentially?
You think the Jets make the playoffs?
Did you have them before the year?
I know I didn't.
I did.
Yeah, because I have a future on them to win the Stanley Cup.
I think I got a shocker.
Cracking in the playoffs?
No.
In our preview?
Winnipeg.
I know.
You're saying you had both.
Seattle too, I believe.
Oh, yeah. I'm not sure. I think I had Seattle. But as far as like an actualpeg. I know. He had both. Oh, yeah.
I'm not sure.
I think I had Seattle.
But as far as like an actual future play, I definitely took Winnipeg to win the cup.
He's got a parlay for them both to win the cup.
Biz, we mentioned the fight between Reeves and Janot earlier.
We got to talk this up.
The Rangers are going to be in Montreal January 5th.
And then the Habs are going to be at Madison Square Garden January 15th.
The Wi-fi man that was it was jack i've got arbor jack i know wi-fi is how you can refer to him he is a household name now he did so by running around in training camp like a madman
just knocking everything over and he had that big dust up with zach Cassian. Cassian's a coyote, but even he'll tell you he lost that one.
This kid could throw hammers.
I just think that there's a resurgence of the heavyweight division
in the National Hockey League, and you can chime in on this.
Jeannot, obviously very willing.
I give the win to Reeves, and after the fight,
he did do the heavyweight belt again.
He is establishing that he is
very good fight it was very even nashville fans tend to lean towards you know being homers i would
say edge to the champ if you don't beat them you don't get the fucking belt and with the takedown
it's kind of like if it's a great back and forth bout like that you get the takedown it's like all
right you know you give that decision to revo there you go and there's a few other guys who are tough around the league
as well who could probably fight for that crown I don't know who your other top dogs are R.A.
Witt Grinnell if you want to chime in but I would I would probably now with Chara out of the league
consider Luch to be in that top five.
Wilson won't fight.
He won't fight Revo.
He tends to shy away from that one.
So I guess it's hard to put him in the top five.
Who else do you have, R.A.? Yeah, Looch.
Well, Revo.
I would say Tanner Janot, definitely based on what we've seen in the last two years.
I mean, Willie, whether he fights Revo or not, he's definitely got to be in there.
I mean, Willie's one of the toughest guys in the league.
DeLore will go anyone.
Yeah, DeLore has got to be in there.
I think he will go anyone too.
Patty Maroon is very willing.
McDermott.
I mean, those are, you know, three guys right there
that could fill the fifth spot.
So I think that there's going to be a resurgent,
like resurgence like the Mike Tyson days
in the heavyweight division
where everybody is going to be paying attention i felt like the middleweights
had taken over for a little bit i'm interested to see if wi-fi wants a shot at the title well
here's a guy we saw fight last week and i think he's you know he's a good score a good point guy
that we forget how much of a bull he is when he fights and that's jamie ben he's fucking flings
bombs but he is a bully and, that's part of hockey.
And he fought Logan Couture last week.
And I swear to God, he took it easy on him.
He looked like he could have pummeled him a lot more,
obviously fighting Logan's main thing he does.
You know, Benn let up on him a little.
But he reiterated, like, yeah, I'm a tough motherfucker out here.
But the Sharks as well.
This is another team that, you know,
who knew what they were going to do this year after last year.
And they're doing pretty well, man.
9-5-1, 19 points
at the top of the division. And we talked
about Sagan and Ben before the season, you know,
the big contracts. Well, they got the swagger back.
They're playing very well. But this
team, they have two, I think, two
hot candidates. Jason
Robinson, a.k.a. Robo. We've had him on the show
this year so far.
10 goals, 13 assists,
23 points in 15 games. In his
career, 68 goals,
80 assists, 148 points
in 143 games.
This dude pushes play. He dominates.
I think he's a hot caliber candidate.
And Otterger, Otter.
6-2. A 1-8-0 goes
against 9-3-8 save percentage. A
shutout. And 6 of his 9 starts, his lowest goals, I'm sorry,
save percentage, 9-2-9, 9-4-1, 9-6-0, 9-6-7, 9-6-9, 9-7-4.
I think he's an MVP candidate, too.
Dallas, man, the sky is the limit with this squad.
Oh, my goodness.
That's probably the biggest rocking out.
Go ahead, Whit.
Oh, no, I was going to say it was before the season i said i don't know
if they're lottery or they're division winners and everything's kind of coming together for them
to look like legitimate threats to make a little bit of a run because robertson being this good
missing the training camp like you're like oh my, my God, we got a real legit top-end player, right?
And Sagan and Ben playing this much better, that's all.
You just need them to play solid and contribute.
But if you don't need them to be the 80-point guys,
you actually have one in this kid.
And Pavelski, this guy doesn't slow down.
And then the biggest thing is Ottinger, BU, BU Terriers.
They could ride this
guy along with some good D and
beat anyone. But Robertson,
I didn't know he was this good.
I'll say it. Even after last
year. No training camp does that.
This guy's
saving. This guy is changing
lives for players. I'll hold out. Look
what he did. I can do it.
Might make some more money pulling a Robertson. But what a player. Look what he did. I can do it. Might make some more money
pulling a Robertson, but what a player and DeBoer. I can't pump that guy's tires enough.
Quickly, I just want to mention because we're not going to mention otherwise the Sharks.
Eric Carlson right now, shout out him. I think the other night in regulation, he played 34 minutes
in three of the last five games. He's over 31 minutes and second most in the national
hockey league in even strength points connor mcdavid and eric carlson so that guy is legitimately
keeping them um as as you know playing way better than people thought because they have an mvp
caliber player right now in carlson So you could talk about the stars biz.
I didn't know.
That was a,
that was a heck of a breakdown.
The only thing I'm going to maybe pile on is Jamie Ben and Tyler second,
having that bounce back year.
That is so massive for them.
That relieves so much pressure from the other guys underneath.
Like they got root Bay hints.
They got that.
George Yanov.
Is that how you say his last name?
George Yanov. Oh, Gary. I know Gary on off. Yeah. Bay hints. They got that Georgianov. Is that how you say his last name? Georgianov?
Who? Garianov?
Garianov? Yeah.
Garianov?
But fuck, man. They are just playing
like a bunch of bullies in the West, and when you get
goaltending like that, guy,
what's that? I think it's Garianov.
I don't even know what the fuck I was going to say.
We can move on.
Double stroke.
My wrists are tired.
I've been stroking too many guys off on this pod.
We got some shitty news Friday when the NHL and NHLPA announced that there will not be a World Cup of Hockey in February of 2024.
The statement kind of vague.
It said, unfortunately, in the current environment, it is not feasible to hold the World cup of hockey at that time we continue to plan for the next world cup of hockey hopefully
in february 2025 like i said the statement was kind of vague so there was a lot of assumption
that it was russia related uh specifically having russian players participate as russia's invasion
invasion and attack on ukraine still continues uh russia has currently been from international
events by the iihf so the league and union were hoping to find a solution where they would
basically compete under neutral name or a neutral flag uh but some of the other participating
countries weren't down with that and they advocated no russians at all uh that's the main thing i
would say and then per emily caplan uh she said apparently the logistics of putting on the
tournament in the middle
of hockey season were an issue as well.
And at the IIHF top business partners were leery of holding it during the
season. And as well,
the league had yet to secure a broadcast deal for North America.
So either way, it's once again, a huge disappointment for the players,
the fans hoping to get this best on best tournament, tournament rather.
It's kind of a clusterfuck once again, but it is what it is.
So we're just going to have to enjoy the NHL hockey instead.
It's a bummer.
I will say as a hedge to the Olympics,
because I think that it's a joke that they use the NHL product to put on
the best thing, in my opinion, at the Winter Olympics.
And there's nothing financially coming back in return.
I think that that's a joke.
And the fact that the IOC is a little bit, or if not a lot, corrupt.
Take your time and set up the best possible tournament
because you don't want it to be a shit show,
and then all of a sudden it deters people from wanting to do it moving forward.
Get it right.
It sucks that all this is happening.
I want to see a best on best,
but I think that NHL is best opportunity to not only capitalize financially
within reason and get out of this escrow hole and get the league thriving is
to have full control of it.
Move the thing around where you can do one in North America.
Then the following time you can do it over in Europe and you can have full
fucking control of this juggernaut.
Do it the proper way.
It sucks, though, already, like you said.
And now, though, to boot, it'll be in 2025 when the Olympics would then be in 2026.
Correct.
I believe so.
Yeah.
So.
You don't very much up in the air right now.
Yeah.
So then all of a sudden it's like well then do you
just wait to do it and then still go to the olympics the following year so we'll see but i
still very much strongly believe that the league needs to set up a world cup of hockey do it your
own way and if the players are going to the olympics i fully agree with the owners in a sense
that there should be financial compensation coming back from the IOC,
which I don't think would ever happen anyway.
No,
probably not with them.
Before we go any further,
we have to talk about game time.
If you want to see any games this season,
you need game time.
Game time is the ticketing app that makes it easier than ever to score the
best deals on tickets to sports concerts and shows.
And they guarantee the lowest price.
If you hadn't had, haven't given game time a shot yet, I don't know what you're waiting for.
You guys are going to love this app.
And we have tons of Barstool fans using it, hitting us up on social about the great deals
that they've been getting to see anything they want.
We've been using GameTime all year, and we actually went to the Steelers game with GameTime.
We went to the Hurricanes and the Oilers game with game time we went to the hurricanes
and the oilers game with game time so we got to shout them out download the game time game time
app go to the account tab to create a login and redeem code chiclets for 20 off your first
purchase download game time last minute tickets lowest price guaranteed all right moving right
along a few bullet points to get to here uh pk sub one
pk suban i know sub one yeah it feels like it's pk suban joins espn as an analyst he signed a
three-year deal and he began his quest for a hundred million dollars g when does pk i'm sorry
78 million dollars 78 million when does pk make a 78 million, G? Yeah.
2042.
20 years.
Exactly 20 years to the day this guy will be well over 78 million in career earnings.
And we'll double it down.
Probably the same day he's inducted into the Hockey Hall of Fame now if he goes on a 20-year rip in media.
He's going in as a builder.
I fucking told all you people.
I told all of you guys that this was going to happen.
I bet he does it away from hockey, though, Vince.
That was my thing.
Good morning, America.
Here he comes.
Yeah, that was the one thing I was going to bring up,
is that Grinnelli kind of mentioned it wouldn't be throughout covering
the National Hockey League.
And if it is, that's amazing,
because that would be good for our league
and good for us.
And then also, that's what I thought, the good morning America,
that's how you'd make the big bucks.
So if that happens, I'm all in.
But overall, though, awesome for the league and the fact that he's going
to be helping out with ESPN broadcast, growing the game, hockey wins, fucking rights. Let's keep her going, baby.
Yeah, he was great in his audition last year. So I'm looking forward to seeing him back on there.
We have congratulations to Eric Stahl. He played in his 1300th game Wednesday against the team he
made his bones with the Carolina Hurricanes. What's more even more impressive he did this after not even playing in 21 22 he came back for the season i did a pto at florida uh he's got the most games
played among active players uh ryan suiter and ovechkin are after him uh are you guys surprised
he's still playing 38 years old wet yes i am to take a year off, at that age and have the dedication and the desire to still.
There wasn't a day he wasn't training, I'm sure, and skating.
And doing that all without the team around you and without even the security of knowing you would be playing at the NHL level again.
That takes a lot of guts.
I mean, a lot of just passion for the game.
And so that's why I'm surprised because if you're 25 years old,
it's one thing.
38 to do that, it's impressive.
And he was able last year to play in the Olympics.
So that's the little hockey that he did play.
And I don't know if he went anywhere afterward
or if he was playing overseas.
But even before, right?
It is crazy to take a year off at that age
playing that many games to come back.
Very cool, too.
The other night, all the Stahl brothers were in another
National Hockey League game together when Carolina was in Florida.
So Mark Stahl as well in Florida as well as Eric,
and then, of course, Jordan still in Carolina.
So very cool that
he's still going and the family's still
going strong he should be selling his
sperm I said the old man he should be jarring
it up in Thunder Bay man
I also want to send congrats to
referee Kevin Pollock on working his
1500th NHL game Saturday
in Buffalo before the game
Rasmus Darlene and Patrice Bergeron
presented him with signed jerseys from each of
their teams with the number 1500 on the back.
So congrats to Kevin, man. That's a
huge accomplishment. That's a lot of games for a ref.
It's a lot of games getting yelled at.
Yeah. We like to recognize the
milestones, be it players, GMs,
coaches, or referees. It's a huge
accomplishment. Ottawa
is going to retire Chris Neal's number
25 on February 17th.
He's the franchise leader in penalty minutes
with 2,522.
Of course, he played all 15
of his NHL seasons with the Sens.
Their sixth round pick in 98.
He played 1,121 regular
season and playoff games.
You guys ever have any run-ins with him when you played?
Move over to Carbondale.
Did I ever have any run-ins with Chris when you played? Move over to Carbino. Did I ever have any run-ins with Chris Neal?
Well, not necessarily.
You may be busy.
All right.
All right.
This guy.
I think I told this before.
The lockout season when the AHL was really good.
Oh, no.
And Binghamton had the best team in the league.
Spezza was lighting it up.
They were just complete wagon.
Vermette was down there.
Volchenkov. Chris Neal, an amazing AHL team.
The Wilkes-Barre Scranton Penguins went down 0-2,
losing the first two in Binghamton.
We came back to win four straight and beat Bingo in the first round,
upset of the year.
But I bring this up because Chris Neal, in the course of that six games,
he knocked out five guys.
Oh, no.
Three shoulders and two concussions.
I think two of them shouldered labrums.
The other concussions, conkeys.
He was a wrecking ball.
He played the game as hard as anyone.
Just out there holding his stick like a bulldog.
He was willing to go anyone, right?
Yeah.
Yeah, he had no front jibs towards the second half of his career.
Now, to be fair, and bingo, the walls were cement.
There was no budging.
Tiny little barn, too.
There was no budging of the walls,
so that's why the AC joints were popping like crazy.
But I will say, pretty crazy, I guess, getting his number retired.
No, I mean, I know there's a lot of games there,
but as a role player, is that the craziest number retiring
you've ever seen?
No.
I mean, that would be, in my mind,
well, so he didn't win a Stanley Cup, right?
But nobody's won a Stanley Cup there.
So that's not a fair argument for retiring.
But I'm trying to think of a comparison for a number retirement.
All right.
Do you have any Terry O'Reilly's retired by the Bruins?
But he won a Stanley Cup, right?
No.
Actually, you know what?
He might have been on the 72 team, but I don't know if he
played in the playoffs.
He may have got like a ring, but maybe didn't get his name on the, on the cup.
I'll look into that.
But, uh, Chris Neal, I mean, he played his all 15 seasons.
They are 1100 games, uh, leading the franchise leader in penalty minutes.
He was the heart and soul of that team.
I mean, it's an example of a guy who didn't have to put up crazy, uh, goal assist numbers. He was just the heart and soul of that team. I mean, it's an example of a guy who didn't have to put up crazy goal assist numbers.
He was just the hot and soul of that team.
Meant so much.
I wasn't surprised at all when they announced that he was going to get his number retired at all.
Good argument, R.A.
Now, my mind would be there's not much history for the Senators.
So you have Alfredson.
You have Phillips.
I would argue Jason Spezza.
Is that crazy?
Jason Spezza or Chris Neal?
I mean, are you saying that he should be on there or you know that Spezza is?
Because if he's not and Chris Neal is,
does that make no sense to you?
I don't know if he is or not.
That's what I'm wondering.
I was just giving people
other names. I'm not bashing
here but I'm saying is provide me an example
of a guy who
might not as statistically
or
might not have been as a dominant of a
player as Chris
Neal who was inducted into their teams
like raise of the banner or whatever
Terry O'Reilly
that would be that same similar example
would you agree with that all right
he played one game in
1972 was in no playoff games
either so basically wasn't on the roster
yeah so he didn't want to I just
more mean offensive did Terry O'Reilly ever
put up big points yeah
I'm pretty sure he he had a
like a couple 25 goal seasons if i'm not
mistaken i would think that's a fair comparison uh let's see yeah 23 29 so yeah mostly had 29
a season so yeah they definitely similar players i think he'll rather maybe had a little more score
in touch but yeah as far as uh hot and soul type of guy yeah when i saw he was getting his number
tied chris neal wasn't shocked in the least i thought okay so sorry maybe i was a little too harsh out of the gate there what's
more no i said i was kind of surprised too though i agree with you okay all right i'll throw it to
you more surprising dustin brown getting a statue or chris neal getting his number retired that's
not a legit argument because all right he He asked you, I apologize, buddy.
Yeah. Dustin Brown. I mean,
any guy who wins two Stanley cups and is a key part of him,
he was the captain of the team. Yeah. I have no problem.
You got to get in a statue for being a captain of two cup winners for a team
that been waiting a long time for it.
So it's a different measurement that I would think then raising a number to
the rafters. It's kind of a different recipe. It's an interesting question, I would think, than raising a number to the rafters.
It's kind of a different recipe.
It's an interesting question, though.
I mean, yeah, does Dustin Brown, he doesn't have his number retired,
though, right?
They haven't retired it for the Kings, have they?
I would imagine that maybe follows with it,
but I was just trying to throw up a comparison.
And, man, maybe because you said that they don't have that much of a history
that it shouldn't be that surprising where he was one of the guys there
for a long time that people saw as that heart and soul.
So I'll put my foot in my mouth, and I'm happy that you Senators fans
are probably happy and getting to celebrate something these days.
No, that wasn't a trip.
The Dustin Brown statue, it's one statue with, like,
a bunch of guys on there.
Oh, it's not an individual statue. Okay, fair statue with like a bunch of guys on there. Oh,
it's not an individual statue.
Okay.
I'm almost positive.
Somebody sent me a picture and in the statue,
you could tell a Copa TAR is going to be on it,
but I don't think they've like filled his like name and number out yet.
And there's a couple other guys.
And then it leads up to Dustin Brown.
Part of the statues raising the cup.
So it's not like an individual.
Guys, basically the whole team is on this statue
I was misled on that I thought there was an
individual Matt Green on there
what Matt Green on that
is he going to get the statue
he should be Matt Green
with his horrible suits
one of the funniest people I've ever
met in my life
he's a scout now we can't get him on he's a scout he's a professional With his horrible suits? One of the funniest people I've ever met in my life.
He's a scout now.
We can't get him on, but he's a scout.
He's a professional.
Every time we ask him, he scoffs at us, just like Lindy Ruff did when I asked him to come on the pod.
R.A., what do you got, buddy?
We're going to your neck of the woods once again.
Tempe, Arizona.
They're going to have a big arena vote in May
to see if the Yotes will have a permanent home
in the desert going forward.
What else is going on in the desert business?
A big bar opening, a few other things going on.
Oh, yeah.
Barstool Sports Bar is opening on this Friday.
I will be there serving big deal brewing.
And although the players are on the road right now
fighting their tails off, they've had it.
Listen, they were 500 before that game against New Jersey.
Expectations were not very high coming into the season,
so credit to the coaching staff and all the players
for playing their nuts off.
I know we mentioned Gunther sticking up in the NHL.
He's been a very good surprise for the organization,
as well as this Michele.
A couple skillful forwards who are making some plays out there
for the boys, and a big reason
as to why that power play is humming and
the momentum is building. The
rink's going to come and sooner
rather than later, this will be the biggest
untapped resource the National Hockey League
has ever seen. Go
Yotes. What's the buzz in the
year? Is the people, I think it's going to
happen? Is there a kind of positive, negative?
Is it unpredictable? What's the deal? If it doesn't happen, it's just, it's going to happen, is there a kind of positive, negative? Is it unpredictable?
What's the deal? If it doesn't happen, it's just, it's it.
That's it.
Get rid of them.
If it doesn't happen, even Biz admit,
if they vote no, they're done.
They're gone.
Houston Taurus.
That's all I ask.
I'm going to be living in that.
And I hope it goes well.
I'm going to be living on Witt's couch in Boston.
I'm going to have to move.
The Yotes will be gone.
Yeah, I got no room for you.
I hope it does pass because
we know it works there. We saw it at Phoenix early
days on the early arena. We know it works.
They did the idiocy of putting them out in Glendale
to prove it wouldn't work there, but
hockey works everywhere.
Everywhere in America it works. Doesn't matter the
weather. Doesn't matter if they win. If you've
got a good team there, they're going to come out. We saw it with
Arizona before. We will again have to get this arena.
Hopefully, if not, then
congratulations Houston, but
there's no excuse not to get this done, Biz, because if it's
in Tempe, man, they'll stay forever.
Right? I would
imagine, yeah. Fucking hope so.
Oh, yeah. Oh, it's good. I think it's going to
pass. I think we've got the positive juju
going. Good.
Okay, well, by the time this show drops, the Hockey Hall of Fame induction was last night,
Monday night up in Toronto.
The Sedin twins went in.
The first brothers to go in the players category in the same year.
First time that ever happened.
Longtime Ottawa center.
We just mentioned him.
Daniel Alfredson went in.
Roberto Luongo, he also went in.
And he shared one of his unusual rituals on the Dan LeBattage show.
This is kind of odd.
He said on day games, I used to take five to six poops a day,
one in the morning when I got up, one when I got to the rink,
one after the pre-meal, one after the meeting before the game.
The last one was after almost with all my gear on.
I had to use the handicap stall.
I mean, five to six shits a day is preposterous.
But did you ever have any teammates, anything similar?
I think it probably has to do with just the nerves and what it did to his stomach.
That's the only explanation I have.
I think I might have taken two max.
Yeah, I don't think it's that nuts i think nerves could definitely make
that happen yeah i mean it's it's it's it's it's the pre-game poops it's the the pre-game jitter
poops i have to i i fight him i fight him i'm not gonna lie although i always did used to smash um
right after warm-up i take all my i take my pants off and the tops off,
and then I go in and take one.
Always after warm-up?
Always after warm-up.
Oh, you must have felt so good stepping out for the game. I stepped out of there.
I put the pants on, shoulder pads, elbow pads, jersey, bucket,
and I was like, I'm dishing tonight.
Do you do the pre-podcast poop?
No, I do not do the pre-podcast poop? No, I do not do the pre-podcast.
But I did somewhat, I'm going to say within 45 minutes of going on at the Wilbur,
I got a little pre-game poop in.
I mean, no.
That's where we're going on.
What was the place in Pittsburgh?
I don't remember.
Carnegie Theater.
Carnegie Theater.
R.A., are you a pre-podcast pooper?
No, he's right when we start, he goes, remember?
Oh, yeah.
Yeah, I'm a Pia.
Yeah, I try not to have any douche-related activities
this close to the show.
I definitely got to get a P off first,
but yeah, that's just a lot of poops for one day,
but it kind of reminds me of our Shorzy
who would poop in between periods
if he had to.
Shout out to Shorzy.
Come on, I got a little plug-in for my show there.
No, I love it.
I love it.
When did that come out?
James Duffy asked him about what was crazier because he had two incidences.
One when he left the ice to go take a poop.
One time, I want to say he left because he was injured,
went to the hospital.
The backup goalie who went net then got hurt,
and then they had to call him
back and so he came back from the hospital and ended up going back on the ice so that's probably
i think he said that was his most wildest story when he had to come back in the game the other
one being when he left to go take a shit in the middle of the game that i mean player it's a
little different i know that their story um ray Ray Whitney's probably not going to come on the podcast,
at least now, because he's working with the league and trying to get a GM job.
So he's got to put some of these stories in the vault until all that's finished.
But the cabbages, you talk about the cabbage roll poop.
When around Christmas time, his wife used to make these cabbage rolls.
And the game after Christmas, it was on Boxing Day in Carolina.
He was starting the game.
And during the anthem, you know the saying,
never trust a fart the day after you had cabbage rolls?
Well, Ray Whitney shit down his leg, shit all over.
But the rule is if your name's on the sheet and you're starting the game,
you have to take that opening face off.
So right as soon as the anthem was done, he skated by the bench.
He goes, boys, I'm coming right off. I shit myself so the puck dropped they want it back got dumped in
and he went right down the tunnel because he cabbage shit right right down his leg during
the anthem did you ever heard that one wit when he was telling it i didn't know i didn't i i think
i had heard it but i forgot and i was like oh God. As he told it, it kind of reminded me of him maybe telling it to me.
I have a horrible memory, but it's an incredible story.
And the way Coles he told it was so funny.
Unbelievable.
So I think we're done with the shit talk.
Yeah, because the Hall of Famers deserve our respect.
Yeah, they do.
But, I mean, it was Roberto.
Crazy story.
We had to tell it.
He was playing forward in that game, too. He get a couple of goals in the Hall of Fame game.
Yeah, the Hall of Fame game last night or the night before. I hope I'm pronouncing the right.
Rika Saladin is one of the most decorated Finnish woman to play and also the first European woman inducted into the Hockey Hall of Fame.
So congrats to her. She actually retired at 30, had three kids,
and then came back at age 40 and played for another six years.
So congrats to her, man.
Wow.
Imagine coming back at 40 after having three kids.
Next up, Herb Carnegie.
He was posthumously inducted into the building category.
He was a dynamic center that played leagues in Quebec and Ontario from the
30s to the 50s.
He's the fifth black inductee after Grant Fior,
Angela James, Willie O'Ree, and Jerome McGimler. And he's often regarded as the best black player
to never play in the NHL. And Willie O'Ree said that Carnegie should have been in the league before
he was, but because of the entrenched racism at the time, unfortunately, he wasn't able to play
in the NHL. But it's nice to see he's getting into the Hall of Fame now. Again, posthumously, but at least his family could see that.
And then to the Leafs, they play the annual Hockey Hall of Fame game because, you know, the Hall of Fame is in Toronto.
They played the Pens on Friday and then they played the Canucks on Saturday.
And before each game, the team honored franchise franchise legend Boya Salming and a pair of very emotional ceremonies for the 71-year-old Swede who was diagnosed with ALS back in January.
I'm sorry, in July.
The first night he come out, I'm sure you guys saw the clip.
He walked out with Daryl Sittler, his old teammate.
And Daryl said, like, he can't talk, but he's very cognizant of what's going on.
And when the applause broke out and Sittler was, you know, basically sobbing in tears.
And when Boya realized what was going on,
you see him went to hug him.
And I was sitting there with tears down my face.
Boys, you must have seen it.
How were you feeling watching this?
It was so emotional.
Very emotional.
The worst disease, the most horrible thing.
And I'm lucky enough.
Someone actually reached out to me.
I'm going to read this message because I didn't know enough about Bjorn Salming and the impact he had.
And to see the emotion of his friends and his former teammates and then to hear from this listener, he said, this guy's from Sweden.
From a Swedish perspective, in Sweden, we always have the discussion about the best Swede to ever play the game most of the time it's between three people
and two generations if you're born after 1980 it's either Peter Forsberg or if you're a forward
or if you're a defenseman it's Niklas Lindstrm but for any person born before that the best
Swede to ever play the game is Bjora Salmen the impact he can have he had can never be
underestimated he showed the world that Europeans are tough enough to play in the best league in He's Bjora Salman. person and treated people with respect from Karuna up north to Africa down south, a Swedish ambassador, an American ambassador, a UNICEF ambassador, a human ambassador. He said, I'm too
young to ever seen him play, but I have one tale about Bjrg. My older brother's friend played with
him when he came back to Sweden and played for AIK. He was an 18 year old and Bjrg was the king
of everything, rounding up his career in Sweden. the team went out after a game in stockholm and my brother's friend ordered a beer he got called out immediately
not for drinking but for ordering useless carbs bjrg said he told him that if he wanted to be
a professional hockey player gin and tonic was the way to go easier hangovers and less calories
this was in 1990 his youngest daughter is now a a world class athlete competing for Sweden in the decathlon.
So I wanted to read it because what a well kind of worded and description of a true legend who then I heard more about him and looked into it after this weekend and seeing and getting emotional, thinking of Pete Freitas and that horrible fucking disease.
He came over here. He was the european to ever play a thousand games he was the um
another sort of uh dynamic record holder that's escaping me right now for for europeans
but i just oh first european uh born and trained player to be inducted into the hockey hall of fame
and he showed swedes uh that lived there that they can do it too. And then he proved to the entire North American hockey community that Swedes were tough as shit.
He was willing to fight.
He was willing to do anything.
And now you see what that disease did to him.
And I was very emotional watching it.
And him getting that final goodbye and just him getting the okay to fly over here was huge.
And so it's just a horrible thing.
Whenever you see this, this like i said this shitty
disease affect people but i was really excited to hear from that listener about the type of guy he
is and what swedish people think of him well yeah holy shit that was yeah that was great he totally
changed the way people's perception about swedish players was you know they thought they were soft
and all that and he came over he was tough as nails. He took hits, he gave hits, and it completely changed that perception.
I'm not sure if you just said it, but the first Swedish player
inducted into the Hockey Hall of Fame back in 1996.
So it was good to see him up there with Daryl Sittler.
And also Sheldon Keefe started six Swedes in the game,
which was a nice little tribute.
Oh, that's awesome.
A lot of Swedish stuff going on there.
And also we want to congratulate our friend Al Borganti.
He got the Elmer Ferguson Memorial Award for the writing portion of the media.
And Bill Clement got the Foster Hewitt Memorial Award for the broadcasting portion.
You know, these guys have plaques in the Hall of Fame as well.
And we were lucky to spend some time with Al.
We were at Jonesy's place a couple years ago.
Just a great guy.
Haven't met Bill yet, but we'd love to have him on the pod someday.
So kudos to those guys, man.
Well-deserved.
Remember that commercial, that ESPN hockey commercial?
Clement, Clement, hands of cement.
Grinnelli, were you too young for that one?
Yeah, I don't remember that at all, actually.
R.A.?
I remember.
Yeah, oh, yeah.
Back in the day.
I made a butchered it, but YouTube.
It's actually a solid, solid commercial back in the day.
NHL Tonight.
He was a tough bastard, too, Clement, when he played.
All right, guys, we have one more thing here we want to mention.
The Spittin' Chicklets family wants to let the hockey team
and staff at St. Ignatius College Prep of Chicago
know that we're all thinking about you guys,
and we hope everyone is doing as well as they can.
Their team bus was heading to a hotel after a post-tournament dinner
and was crashed into by a tractor trailer and flipped over,
resulting in 16 players being injured,
five of whom were admitted to the hospital.
School president John Chandler said all of them will be returning to health,
but some much longer than others.
And thankfully, everyone was in stable condition by Sunday.
We were very saddened to hear what happened to these guys.
And more so, we were very pissed off when we found out that alcohol is quite likely a factor in this.
The driver of the tractor trailer apparently was pie-eyed.
And he's the reason this accident happened, per the police.
If so, it's just another idiot making a dumb, selfish choice that affects hundreds of people by doing this.
And you hate to see it, but it looks like everybody's going to be fine.
So go Wolfpack. And we hope to see it but it looks like everybody's going to be fine so go Wolfpack
and we hope to see you boys out there again this season
man you guys will be back out there healed up because that's
what hockey players do so hang in there
boys chicklets got your back all right
let's see
the last few topics here
biz
this FTX meltdown fiasco
what the like
yeah all right probably one of the craziest scandals in the financial world
since maybe Bernie Madoff.
I would say it's going to go down at least in the top 10 all time
of craziest business world, people getting ripped off,
the world crumbling down.
But Chung Pham, he will come on and he will break this entire thing down. Elon Musk follows
him. He is like a business world insider. He has all the special terminology down pack. Anything
we need to know, this guy is going to break it down for us as to what the hell is happening in
the world of cryptocurrency. All right, before we go to our friend Trunk Fam, here's a word from
our friends over at Shopify.
It's time to knock that new business idea out of the park with Shopify,
the all-in-one commerce platform to start, run, and grow your business.
Forget the off-season work. Shopify makes it simple to sell to anyone from anywhere.
Whether you're selling warm-ups or wall hangers, it's time to start selling with Shopify and join the platform simplifying commerce for millions of businesses worldwide.
With Shopify, you'll customize your online store to your brand, discover new customers, and build the relationships that create diehard fans.
Shopify fields all the sales channels to grow a winning business, from an in-person POS system to an all-in-one e-commerce platform, even across social media platforms like TikTok, Facebook, and Instagram.
And thanks to 24-7 support and free on-demand business courses, Shopify is on your team every step of the way.
every step of the way.
When you're ready to take your winning idea to the world,
team up with Shopify,
the commerce platform powering millions of businesses down the street and around the globe.
Try out Shopify for free today
and start selling anywhere.
Sign up for a free trial at
Shopify.com slash chicklets, all lowercase.
Go to Shopify.com slash chicklets
to start selling online today.
Shopify.com slash chicklets.
Ladies and gentlemen, Spit and Chicklets fans,
we have an internet legend on our hands here
to explain everything that is going on
in the world of finance.
The crypto world is coming down.
And Trung Phan, who writes for Bloomberg, you'd write everything business on the internet.
Can you please dumb this down for all of our Chicklets listeners?
Okay.
So I'm going to assume that the Chicklets listener know about FTX because of Tom Brady,
Steph Curry, the Miami Heat Arena, and the 300 plus million
they spent peppering the retail market. So I'm going to assume that they've seen the name. If
they don't know what it is, it's a crypto exchange. And I don't know how often you guys talk about
crypto exchanges here. Did FTX ever advertise with spitting? I know that Portnoy had a problem
with that. I owned part of a a bitcoin i used to own part of a
bitcoin okay i couldn't go cash out as of two days ago okay when i we won like a march madness
bracket and yes at some point ftx was involved with spit and chickles and they hosed me too buddy
okay so you got you got rugged also with proper terminology and crypto twitter
when an exchange like well freezes
your monies to get rugged so you'll be seeing that nobody wants to get rugged no nobody wants
to get no one those rug burn rug birds were a motherfucker all right so the well let me preamble
everything because we might get a little bit conspiratorial and we might get like a little
bit making fun of explain what. Okay. Go ahead.
Oh, so the first thing I want to say is this hundreds of thousands of people
have their money stuck on FTX. It's awful.
We're talking probably 10 billions in customer deposits where it looks like
almost certainly stolen of,
and that is a crime because the terms of service for FTX is that we cannot use
customer money for investing or anything else.
Some places, that's acceptable.
That literally in terms of service, not allowed.
So the thing about FTX you have to understand is this.
The main character is a gentleman named Sam Bankman-Fried.
So everybody calls him SBF.
You've probably been seeing it all over Twitter.
So this individual, SBF, a bit of a prodigy.
Twitter. So this individual, SBF, a bit of a prodigy. So an MIT graduate, worked at a quant hedge fund called Jane Street out of university. And his origin story is that he left his quant
hedge fund because he heard about Bitcoin. And in the world of Bitcoin, there was this very famous
trade where the price was different in Japan and America. So he had found this arbitrage
opportunity. And at one point was making, I think, eight to 10 million a day trading this
arbitrage between USA and Japan. Now with things that have come to light, some people are beginning
to question whether that's true, but that's his origin story. So you know how Spider-Man got bit
by like the radioactive spider. This is his origin story. So let me fast forward a bit, 2019. He launches FTX, which we discussed as a crypto
exchange. You buy and sell Dogecoin, Ethereum, Bitcoin. But before FTX, he had launched something
called Alamator Research, which is a hedge fund. And this is where the fuckery begins. Because
if you have a hedge fund and you have a crypto exchange, you don't have to be a finance person to be like, oh, well, that's weird.
So he has a hedge fund and he can see what retail traders are trading.
That kind of stinks to me. So let me let me establish that.
Do you guys have any questions with just that setup? He owns this guy. SBF has a hedge fund and a crypto exchange.
So let's establish that. No, I think you're doing a hell of a job giving us the chicklets ftx explanation keep crushing it okay and what you
just explained is a major conflict of interest correct huge conflict it's been people have been
questioning this from the beginning but uh and listen this happens in traditional finance also
like we might have to pull in some oh wait uh you8 chicanery if I have to. I don't
want to just bury crypto here because I actually do still believe in a lot of crypto. I think this
is more of a human greed situation than necessarily crypto. Crypto is just a vehicle for it.
So he creates this exchange called FTX. And around 2020, COVID happens. You know, you guys remember GameStongs,
retail traders going crazy, just doing anything,
buying freaking monkey pictures, investing in crypto.
Everybody's making money, right?
Everybody's happy.
And they really blew up around 2020, 2021.
And this is when they started really going
out to the retail market.
So they initially had started for advanced traders.
They offered what was called better execution.
So you could trade faster.
So if you're a big time trader, sweet, you use FTX.
But if you're a retail person like me or like biz,
you might buy Bitcoin once a year, right?
But if you're going to make that decision once a year,
it's like any other product,
you want to know what's top of mind.
So this is where this massive marketing spend comes, right?
So like they're going, they're hitting up
the Tom Brady relationship, super famous, the uh steph curry steph curry david yeah larry david
on super bowl ad i joke about steph curry he's skating through this he's just like juking through
nobody mentioned steph curry's name giselle's getting draped tom brady's getting dragged
curry's nowhere to be seen but uh nicest guy in the world though so like probably fair enough
right crossed it over he crossed over the so like probably fair enough right crossed it over
he crossed over the rug he shook him yeah he crossed it over a step back but um so to do this
huge retail push named miami's arena obviously and they start getting summer deposits and and
this is where it actually gets tricky because it's not clear that he was actually spf was actually
out from the beginning to pull Bernie
Madoff type shit.
But it's looking like what may have happened is this.
He got caught up in this crazy, like we were training, like everybody's making money.
2021, the pom-poms are out.
Everybody's winning, right?
And so with his hedge fund and his crypto exchange, both those things are still happening.
But it looks like what happened with the hedge fund is this crypto exchange, both those things are still happening.
But it looks like what happened with the hedge fund is, you guys remember this whole thing about the Fed raising interest rates?
That happens in March.
First time in three years, Jerome Powell says, OK, pumping the brakes.
Inflation's hot.
The easy money.
We've got to stop this, right?
So in March, the first rate hike in three years.
And then in May, the Fed does the largest rate hike they've
ever done. I think it was 50 basis points in 20 years. And they choreographed that they're not
going to stop. They're going to do whatever it takes to end inflation. And when you raise interest
rates, it's really bad for speculative assets. And crypto really took a dive around April,
May of this year. So you guys might remember around the spring,
a number of crypto exchanges and hedge funds blew up. And at the time, everybody was looking at FTX,
they looked like they were really weathering the storm. Like, wow, they must have like really good
risk management controls, or they're able to raise 2 billion from a platinum venture capitalist.
So they either have the money to weather the storm,
or they're just really good at the crypto game to weather the storm.
But as it turns out, they were not that good.
They were not better than everybody else who got wiped in May.
They themselves on that hedge fund took a massive hit,
anywhere from 5 to 10 billion.
And so to hide basically,
they basically put a band-aid over this massive hole.
And part of how they did it was they took customer deposits from FTX.
That's when they started going to retail.
That's the crime. Yeah. That was the crime.
That's not when they started going retail.
They had built up a big retail base before then,
like in the year leading up to. So for example, Larry,, for example, had the Super Bowl ad in February, right?
So that was like the peak of FTX's marketing spend.
So they probably had 12 months before that blow up to really get retail investors in.
Like business Bitcoin was probably bought in the last 12, like between the May 2022 and May 2021, right?
So I just want to be very clear.
This was the crime.
Alameda Research, the hedge fund,
took a massive loss in the crypto blow up,
which happened because of the Fed.
Not blaming the Fed here, but that was a catalyst.
And then they had access to FTX customer deposits.
Illegal, totally illegal to co-mingle those funds.
And that's-
They spent those people's money investing on crypto.
They spent it to help out that hedge fund.
To plug the hedge funds whole.
That's a fact.
That everything is pointing to that is what they did
to cover up the huge loss.
Obviously in their heads,
they're like, we can trade ourselves out of this, right?
They're like, we can trade ourselves out of this right they're like we can trade ourselves out of this we're like this remember this guy i
think he's mit guy he's mr like so here's what's even it'll never catch up it'll never catch up
we're good that's crazy here's what's even crazier about it is it probably would have been smooth
sailing but i believe one of their competitors or somebody in the know on crypto sends out a tweet one week ago.
Yes, Biz, you nailed it.
This is, to your point, I wouldn't say smooth sailing, but the thing that's interesting, to your point, is a very clear catalyst.
It was a single tweet that took it all down.
So I think the better way to look at it is this.
It was already a creaky house, right?
Because the foundation is crooked.
The foundation is awful. It was already a creaky house, right? Because the foundation is crooked. The foundation
is awful. We just described. They're taking money from customers and plugging this massive hole that
they had in a trading loss. And to your point, it's a crooked, it's a rickety base. So to answer
your question, Biz, the individual, his name is CZ. He's the richest person in crypto. I think
he's worth 20 to 30 billion. Nobody knows.
His exchange is the biggest exchange in the world.
Just to give you an idea of how big it is,
Binance is the name of his exchange.
First of all, no one knows where this thing's headquarters.
It is so sketchy,
but CZ has come out of this looking pretty good. From one rickety house to another, basically.
That's what RA claims.
It's RA's house.
That's where headquarters is. Let's already his house it's already that's where
headquarters is so so let's actually let's run with this analogy like let's go so the the
foundation of this house is rotted all right so cz comes in here's the interesting cz this
binance individual was an early investor in ftx because he was kind of like one of the godfathers
of the industry and he's like i'm gonna invest help this guy out maybe it can help me crack into the u.s market you know he's at mit
sbf his parents stanford professors both of them extremely connected to like elite america right
and um so cz had invested in his company but a year ago they started having falling out because
ftx getting a little bit big two big his britches right so binance is like
i'm out i don't want to be in anymore you gotta buy me out so the uh cz the individual that uh
biz alluded to that sent this tweet last week and i will explain what happened but part of the deal
for him to leave ftx he was given a lot of uh you might have also heard ftt which is the token for
ftx and the one thing i'll say about tokens I don't want to get too complicated here is that this shit's all made up.
Okay. If a token for an exchange, listen, a lot of things are made up,
but like the U S government gets to back it up with guns and you have to pay
taxes in the U S dollar. Right? Like that's the reason the U S dollar works.
It's like, there's aircraft, there's dirty aircraft carriers,
patrolling the world. Like you're going to pay your taxes.
But like if FTX makes a token token the only value in that token is it's right it's shit except like well
let's say this way if spin chickless did a token the only value would be what confidence your fans
audience have in you guys right it's like do i believe these guys we do have one it's called
big deal brewing and pink whitney that is a version of a token right uh
but um so cz we we we mine it by consuming it and pooping it out five to six times a day on
live show days wait have we had any have you guys had any big deal today are you having some right
now no i'm gonna say that after you explain this i'm trying i'm trying to lay all right man um
i'm waiting for monday night football
no no no back to the token so okay back to the token so cz has all these ftt tokens right and
again let's just live in a world where we know most of this stuff is bs and it's all built on
confidence so the thing is if you have an asset that's built on confidence if you have a serious
hitter say this is bullshit it can destroy the confidence
and set asset and i remember what i said earlier yeah cz it's the richest person in crypto runs the
biggest exchange and fuck his name cz like if your name is just two guys right sounds like a bond
villain it's like it's like ra man it's like this is this guy's a big deal yeah there's something
there's something about this guy that's off man he didn't do what i did for the nickname right so um
last week and this is what's so crazy about uh this entire incident it's been playing out
all over twitter and on top of the fact that elon just bought twitter it's just the most insane
week ever on twitter right and the whole Twitter blue blowout, like I
drained my dopamine, like refreshing
my phone the past week.
So last Sunday, CZ
sends out a tweet and it's
so ominous. He's like,
we're selling all of our FTX tokens
like we peeked behind
the curtains and it doesn't look good.
That was the tweet? Yeah, it's like
something to that effect. I mean, we can pull it up and read it but i mean i'm gonna dramatize things a bit like i'm
a bit of a bullshit yeah so he basically tweets to the entire world the most like the most
reputable biggest guy in crypto is like yeah i looked at uh ft's books ftx's books not good
so the token goes to shit.
When the token goes to shit,
and remember, they borrowed all those customer deposits.
They got to pay back those customers' deposits.
But the problem is this.
When the token goes to shit,
the customer's like, oh, the token's going to shit.
I want to take all my money out of the exchange.
So as we mentioned, Biz, you said,
listen, if this tweet
didn't go out they probably have time to try to fix things but not anymore man and the number one
mistake any financial institution can make and this happens repeatedly over the centuries this
is known as a dictum okay there's a dictum in the banking industry if you have to tell your
depositors their money is safe no one's gonna
believe you it's fucking over and so sbf replies to cz's tweet with guys everything's fine assets
are totally fine and literally triggers it not a single person oh so he panicked and he hit the
reply button it was like responding to a girl too soon no from my understanding six billion
dollars was tried to be taken out at that point to the point in the following yeah exactly in the
next 36 hours after tweet so this is last sunday through monday money starts coming up and i'll
tell you what's funny again this is not just a crypto story because a month ago credit suites
did the same thing they sent a letter to investors being like hey we're hearing some rumors on social media that deposits aren't fine she'll let you know everything's fine
boom their fucking bonds go to shit as soon as you have to tell people your stuff's fine in finance
it's over it's called the bag of hot addictive it's really famous yeah so um so that takes us to
let me take us to tuesday so within 48 hours of that initial cz tweet finance
sbf had called every other major crypto exchange ceo he needed money he needed to he said in his
words to get liquidity to handle the withdrawals but the reality is this the whole thing was
sinking and he knew the gig was up and that he knew the crime had been committed and now he's
just like, okay,
the only way I'm not going to go to jail is to keep this entire thing of
going concern. And really to business point, try to just over time,
bury like dig my way out of this hole. Right.
Which is obviously the dumbest thing you could possibly do.
So within 48 hours, CZ goes, I'm going to buy FTX. So that's sorry,
Ryan, I didn't mean to cut you off there, but I just want to say, yeah, I have one thing is like CZ said, I going to buy FTX. So that's, sorry, Ryan, I didn't mean to cut you off there, but I just want to say, yeah,
one thing is like CZ said, I want to buy FTX. And then the next day they go,
we looked at the, we looked at the books again, we're not buying.
And that was game over because again,
the biggest whale in crypto says I'm not going to back this. It's over.
It was literally over. No one else had the funds to do it. So,
and then the one they'll
add i'd love to take you guys questions out there's within i guess say 48 hours from ftx
pulling out oh sorry binance pulling out of buying ftx it became clear no one was going to save it
then all the rumors and investigations started coming out early investigations and signs of
evidence that the uh the customer deposit fuckery had gone down
so that's where we kind of are in i got i got a two-part question i'll keep them both simple first
what happens to the people whose money's in there do they have any chance of getting anything back
and and and two is it like the banks in oh wait where this guy, this, this dude that went to MIT SBF, whatever his name is,
is he going to end up like fine from this? Is he ever going to,
is he going to go to jail? Does he deserve to go to jail in your mind?
So I'll answer, I'll answer the second question first, actually.
I think he will go to jail. Wow. I think it was a very clear,
he's in the Bahamas by the way. It sounds like he tried to flee to Dubai,
which is a non extradition city holy country yeah it's it's good it's like i mean i'll i'll just give a teaser here
but there's state level stuff involved here because i can even walk you guys around one of
my favorite conspiracy theories but i'll do it after but the the long story short of it is that
he's a cia plan and it was a way for them to get a view into crypto insane theory but before i do that i'm
eating i'm picking it up okay okay this is by 100 she has okay okay get your tinfoil hats out
conspiracy token that's being delivered to the apartment this has a this has a fitted tinfoil
hat okay so ryan let me let me let me answer Ryan's question, actually.
You guys remember Martin Shkreli, Farmer Bro?
Oh, yeah.
Dirtbag.
Bad person.
Okay, I have mixed feelings about Martin.
What I will say is this. He didn't go to jail for actually what you guys think he did.
He didn't go to jail for any of the farmer stuff.
He went to jail for misappropriating investor money.
The funny thing is, though, he misappropriated their money
and made them all like five times, he still misappropriated yeah it's crazy
so that's something that people should understand he didn't go to jail for the uh the hiking the uh
the the drug that he bought which is uh that was kind of the story i thought he really went to jail
i just thought that was mean that was like yeah that was crushing people totally totally and again
i i have mixed feelings there's the rationale we
don't have to go into but it's like hey listen you gotta pay for research somehow but at the
end and and the insurance company's gotta pay for still optics awful and he went to jail for five to
seven years right but there the thing i will say about martin's is there's no question he's one of
the most astute minds in finance uh not necessarily the most but like he because he writes a lot right and he's very very lucid when
he writes he's out of jail now and he wrote uh uh he has a newsletter on substack obviously
and i read it this morning so he's been in jail he dealt with federal prosecutors this way he said
he said i think spf's gonna go to jail for life he says at a minimum i think he's gonna get 15
years and the reason he says that is because the customer deposit uh misappropriation is so egregious and this is such a political
event remember there's a hundred thousand creditors i don't know how many are in the
united states but this becomes a political hot potato right so like in in may when a crypto
hedge fund blew up that was just greed that was just a crypto hedge guy over levered himself blew himself up this is criminal
money yeah this is people's money and uh and the sec and the u.s government is taking so much heat
for being asleep at the wheel because this is like the six they're gonna make an example out of
yeah exactly and you're essentially creating a hedge against U.S. currency.
So they're just going to try to move forward.
Well, I'll give you guys a very interesting parallel before I answer Brian's first question.
I was going to ask, will they get deposits back?
So you probably heard a lot of comparisons to Enron, right?
Oh, this is like financial fraud like Enron.
Because the big thing with Enron, it was a financial engineering fraud.
That was the thing.
They're moving money around different vehicles. But what people don't remember from Enron, and I think is probably the most important parallel is if Kenneth Lay, who's a chairman of
Enron, was one of George W. Bush's largest donors for his governorship and his US presidential
election. When George W. Bush became bush became president united states uh was an
elected 2000 he created a committee to write energy legislation kenneth lay was on that
committee and kenneth lay wrote uh legislation yeah wrote the rules that allowed for the
deregulation of the electricity markets which is why enron fucked over cal you guys remember
enron screwed california electricity people that was all Kenneth Leigh had written the rules.
So you guys may have heard,
SBF is the second biggest donor to the Democratic Party.
He said he wanted to donate a billion dollars in the 2024 election.
He's already donated 50 million.
Again, don't want to get too conspiratorial,
but the point is this.
He has political protection,
but so did Kenneth Leigh,
and Kenneth Leigh went to jail.
In fact, Kenneth Leigh died in prison.
I've watched that documentary.
That's an amazing movie.
Dude,
if you read that thing, I'm like,
I've been on Twitter for 96 straight hours,
man.
Okay, so Ryan, your first
question was, will
the depositors get their money back?
Oh, man, sadly sadly this is looking like where
it is right now so there was a leaked balance sheet again we don't know the authenticity of it
but the financial times wrote about it early analysis this is awful i'm not laughing it's
awful early analysis of that balance sheet says there's a nine billion billion hole that's owed to depositors.
And in an optimistic scenario,
and remember, I'll give you an example.
Bernie Madoff's 60 billion Ponzi scheme,
they're still clawing back money 15 years later, okay?
But to their credit,
the US government has clawed back nearly 80 of stolen funds from Bernie Madoff.
But this is a little bit different situation
because you can probably track down
where the Ponzi scheme happens.
The problem with FTX is they literally blew that money.
Like they were investing it, over-levering it,
and it's fucking gone.
So an optimistic reading of that balance sheet
that was shown to show the FTX assets
is they might be getting 5 cents on the dollar. And this is the thing you
have to remember. That's 5 cents across everyone, right? So I'm hoping that the following will
happen. I have no idea how legally possible this is, but let's say that you had two depositors
at FTX. And I know one, I'll give you an example. There's a crypto hedge fund called Galios.
I think they had a 100 million in FTX.
They were able to get 50 million up.
So they have 50 million stuck there.
And by stuck, I mean it's gone forever, right?
So that 50 million is gone.
But then you have a depositor like Joe Average
who put 5K into FTX, but actually needs that money.
So the holiday is coming up.
He's never going to fucking see that money again.
So are you going to do a situation where you give people back 5 cents on the
dollar, including people that have tens of millions on there,
or are you just going to be like, you know what?
We're going to make everybody whole up to 30 grand.
And then from there we'll start apportioning pro rata what people deserve.
I hope something like that gets implemented because to have, man,
I know people that like, unfortunately were wiped and they put like serious
savings in there. Right. And it's like,
it wasn't even like they're trying to like bet and like, you know,
like 10 X their money in Bitcoin, just like, yeah, this is interesting.
I'm putting a bit of my portfolio in here.
And then sometimes you just end up putting a bit more,
you want to just kind of forget about it. Right.
Cause like, Oh, this is a platinum brand.
They're backed by the biggest venture capitalists in the world.
Yeah. You're thinking it's's you're thinking it's a
sp 500 right exactly this is we're good here that's kind of been already our boys like for a
long time and like somebody's gonna end up eating a bag at the end of this now what's stopping this
guy from getting a g6 and going to dubai If he's in Bahamas. Totally, right?
I mean, let's say,
I mean, even let's say he does.
I think ultimately the question becomes
whether or not he goes to jail is,
can we scratch enough assets from him
to help pay people back?
But unfortunately, it looks like
they were taking a lot of customer deposits
and like pumping up,
like we're talking about these tokens
have no value in reality, right?
He's putting this money into tokens
that really don't have any value.
And as we've seen over the past six months, the crypto market has completely shit.
So that's the last question I was going to ask you is you said you still believe in crypto.
This situation here is obviously going to hold it back a lot, if not maybe ruin its reputation forever.
What makes Bitcoin different than the rest?
And why is it even still
a thing like how how does who determines that that coin is still worth sixteen thousand dollars
that's what nobody seems to be able to understand and why people believe in crypto so i make the
first comment i make i'd separate again not investment advice right like and i bought
late into bitcoin like i'm not like a truther that's been in the game for 10 years.
But I have bought into the narrative that I think it'll be a version of a replacement for gold.
And the argument for that essentially is that the entire gold market cap in the world is about 10 trillion.
And people are saying, what if Bitcoin takes 20 of that, right?
That makes it a 2 trillion asset.
That's the argument I've heard.
Yeah.
Which is about-
It just needs a tiny piece of a pie exactly right which is like four to five
times from here i i think that that argument is credible i'm not gonna talk to why but it has to
do with the fact that it's a limited supply right it's literally the only asset in the world where
you know there's 21 million and that's it right because you can still make gold well that's what
they say right right before it gets hacked so uh the two things I'll add to your point, Biz, is this.
Bitcoin has had like the biggest hack bounty in the world for the past 13 years, right?
The past decade.
And every single day, people are trying to attack Bitcoin itself.
Attacking an exchange or hacking somebody's like wallet or phone is very different than the actual Bitcoin protocol, right?
Which has survived and thrived and has brought people in the ecosystem. But the other stuff you layer on top is like you put an exchange on top.
That's not Bitcoin. That's an exchange that sells Bitcoin.
That can blow up. You put a wallet on your phone.
That's you can buy Bitcoin with it, but that's not Bitcoin, right?
You see what I'm saying? It's like everything else. And sure.
Humans, super fallible technology, super fallible.
So that's the, that's the issue with Bitcoin.
So to your question is like, it set it back huge.
And I'll tell you actually why.
The biggest blow to Bitcoin is not necessarily in the retail market.
Retail got fucked so hard.
I feel so bad for them.
I hope people get as much money back as possible.
But the real problem that has happened is this,
because you'll know this because you're from Canada.
Ontario Teachers Pension Plan lost 100 million on FTX.
Now, they managed to- They should not be in thatX. Now, they managed 200...
They should not be in that shit.
Yes, exactly.
Ryan, exactly.
This is what's crazy.
Ryan, I'll tell you what's crazy about it.
In Ontario, in the province of Ontario,
you can't even use the app FTX.
The province deemed the app unacceptable
for the population of Ontario,
but the pension fund invested 100 million into the app like it's
insane right and um god so this is actually the huge blowback there was basically call it 500
billion to a trillion maybe trillions with an s because we're talking insurance companies pensions
endowments multi-trillion dollar asset class right they were waiting to
they're fine to allocate one or two percent to crypto it's not that i mean that's acceptable
risk for them yeah exactly but but after friday that's no longer acceptable if you're a chief
investment officer for an endowment and you go to your investment board and be like hey i want to
put money they're gonna tell you fuck off they're like you're done right that's another that's a big chunk of money that's a huge yeah exactly dude so to end so
just answer your question is like um quick summary i believe that the the certain properties of
bitcoin make it still a a potential substitute for gold in some capacity but the blowback from
retail and maybe just from the size of institutional really has set crypto back probably five, 10 years.
I got to send one over to R.A. and R.A.'s the movie guy.
One of the craziest aspects of this entire story.
R.A., I'll send it to you.
Yeah, there's the Michael Lewis book.
Of course, he wrote Moneyball, an excellent book that became a terrific movie with Brad Pitt.
And he was writing a book anyways. And all this happened to happen on his watch so he went from maybe a run-of-the-mill crypto book
to possibly a bestseller possibly a pulitzer hit right i think he also was part of the big short
and wrote that or yeah he did write the big shirt yeah so there's been i can send you guys some memes
we appreciate people already making like posters for the big short two with all the crypto phases oh my so it just so happened that this guy was following the the big dog of
ftx i forget the guy's name what's spf spf spf the bond villain he was following around assuming that
he was writing a story about the next genius in finance like like basically the next Warren Buffett of the future.
And then this story falls in his lap in the midst of following this guy around.
I just want to say, I'll give you guys something really fun.
Yeah, it feels like it's a simulation.
And I'll add two things where I think your listeners
might want to pull a couple more strings on this
because there's infinite stories here.
So number one is, you guys know the Madden curse when you put an athlete on the cover madden and they either
have a shitty season or they get injured so the equivalent of the madden curse in finances if
somebody calls you the next warren buffett you're done and and there's a meme going around twitter
about everyone yeah so the next warren buffett keeps getting brought up spf literally has a
cover on fortune next warren buffett but sure enough, flight clock work, done.
The other thing I'll add is there are some insane stories about what's going on with the actual operation.
It looks like it was like a dozen people living in the Bahamas, all taking methamphetamines, banging each other, running a 100 billion crypto exchange.
Oh, yeah.
Literally, this is what that's
where i went for spring break listen the listeners here i want to entertain yourself literally just
type in sbf like bahamas drugs and like people are pulling up pictures that he had with all
these publications and then like zooming into his table like finding prescription drugs like patches
for like alzheimer patients that get you zoomed all day and like it is absolutely wild what's going on oh my holy shit man yeah it's a crazy story it is insane it was
it was 36 billion dollars to nothing in the in what 30 hours effect yeah effectively once the
confidence snapped it was over to your point r point, Ryan, it was effectively overnight.
Moral of the story being, do not fuck with CZ.
That guy would rip your throat.
Because in reality, they were friendly.
There was a falling out.
And that guy had the power to just basically come out and say,
your product's shit, and you're done.
The prime mantis.
Well, Ryan, to your point, this is the other. I promised a little bit of conspiracy zone so i'll touch on it a bit cz's denied this he said uh he said it was
not his master plan to take down ftx but if he did have a master plan it'd be exactly what he did
which is tweet this coin is shit and then a week a day later be like hey i'm gonna buy you guys and
then walk away like that's exactly what you do.
I'm not saying he did,
but I'm saying that's exactly what you would do.
He is a,
he's Chinese Canadian.
So he's actually went to McGill,
which is interesting.
Yeah.
He used to work for McGill when I was on BU one year,
a little warmup game.
I think I had one and two.
So let me add that.
The other thing about CZ that you guys,
and your listeners might enjoy because
like i said these are so many threads is uh so in addition to be a big donor spf from ftx was uh
was helping to write legislation around crypto right and uh one of the things he's trying to do
apparently was box out all the other exchanges and basically have favorable legislation for himself
cz caught wind of this and And to your point, Ryan,
and more of the story with Dr. CZ.
Well, thank you so much. I mean, are you a hockey fan?
You guys are, well, you'll laugh because I'm not embarrassingly.
I stopped watching hockey uh they had the strike
came in 0809 i'm from vancouver so we've had a couple of close calls 03 was was yeah i think
the last the last time i was a huge fan uh i grew up in calgary so i was a big flames fan uh i was
born 85 too young to remember uh 88 or 89 but i have like the land of mcdonald like hockey sign
hockey stick in my house and uh obviously my parents both vietnamese refugees to canada they're like you know we
gotta get these people like into the canadian stuff so like my brother's a big hockey player
and like they're making us watch all the flames games kind of get us cultured in and then we
moved to vancouver 94 the same year uh actually 94 is interesting because the year the connect's
lost to the rangers yeah we moved from calgary to vancouver and obviously vancouver beat calgary uh with the palvelbury
breakaway right so that that that uh that summer i was very conflicted from my new city to the old
one but uh unfortunately i am not as big into hockey as i used to be i'm a big basketball fan
and uh i'll tell you my main sport actually uh Biz might have alluded to is just, is, is, is Twitter.
That's the greatest opinion hit ever.
And I'm going to shout out your Twitter here. This is a Trunk fan again.
It's Trunk T fan on Twitter. He's got over half a million.
Elon Musk follows you.
One of the funnest business accounts that you could follow. It breaks down.
I think you broke down Ryan Reynolds and what they did with the soccer team
overseas.
You actually ended up doing it with our vodka and how it came to be as well.
I did the vodka.
Joe Pompliano did the Ray Ryan Reynolds, Joe Pompeo on the legend.
Okay.
So he's another, he's a good follow too.
Hey, you're our official business insider now.
Is that cool?
Yes.
I would be an honor to come back on uh for any other uh scandals happens about
once a quarter so uh yeah we got a new segment right there folks not of this side but if there
is one thing we can leave you with on the way out it's elon follows you on twitter can you reach out
and say that ra wants to go head to head either jeopardy either Jeopardy or The Dozen. We have a show through Barstool,
and maybe we can go with him and a few of his SpaceX people
against me, Witt, R.A., and Grinnell.
If he wants a shot at the title, you tell Elon to come barking.
And I ain't fucking paying 8 for the checkmark.
Yeah, seriously.
I didn't even ask for one. I got one.
So I ain't paying 8.
When did you get one?
Fucking Gaz got it for me, like, years ago. Oh, I didn't know if you just got one, so I ain't paying any. When did you get one? Fucking Gaz got it for me years ago.
Oh, I didn't know if you just got one recently.
R.A. tells Elon Musk to take his checkmark
and shove it, and we'll see you in jeopardy
or the dozen, baby.
I didn't say this last week.
I blocked him years ago on Twitter
just because he was always in my feed
and I wasn't interested.
Just mute him. You don't have to block. Just mute.
Yeah, I usually do the mute thing.
But the mute's for the mutants who just annoy you all the time.
That was just like, block, because then I don't have to hear any of the stuff.
Because people are like, oh, they call me a cock and a virtual signal
and all that stuff.
I'm like, I don't even know what the guy's politics are.
I just get sick of hearing all his tweets.
You know how you take him down?
You tell him Tesla's a fraud.
You look behind the curtain and it ain't going.
And then...
The CZ
playbook.
Thank you so much for breaking all that down
for us, man.
Great to have you on.
Definitely learned a few things about the crypto world.
That's for sure. Keep crushing it, Tron.
Appreciate it.
Alright, gang. Thanks for listening. Keep crushing it, Tron. Appreciate it. All right, gang.
Thanks for listening.
Hope you enjoyed the show.
Hope you enjoyed Andre Waugh.
Absolutely hysterical.
And we will be back next week with another episode.
Also, don't forget, Sam Bagger, Wednesday, 6 p.m. on our YouTube channel.
Summer saying it's the best ever.
Have a great evening.
As always, we'd like to thank our terrific sponsors here on Spit and Chickle. So huge hearty thanks to our longtime friends at Pink Whitney and New Amsterdam Vodka.
Big thank you to our friends over at No Days
Wasted. Huge thanks to our friends at Game Time for getting us into the games. Big thank you to
our friends over at Shopify. Huge thanks to our longtime friends over at Cross Country Mortgage.
And finally, a big thank you to our friends at Chevy. Have a fantastic week, everybody.
