Hey, Spittin' Chicklets listeners, you can find every episode on Apple Podcasts,
Spotify, or YouTube. Prime members can listen ad-free on Amazon Music.
Hello, everybody.
Welcome to episode 416 of Spittin' Chicklets, presented by Pink Whitney.
From our friends at New Amsterdam Vodka, here in the Barstool Sports podcast family.
What's going on, everyone?
Hope you all had a great week watching Pucks.
Maybe a little bit of soccer, World Cup.
We'll get to that later.
Thanksgiving week here in the States.
Always a big week down here.
Unless you're a fan of the team. Not in playoff position yet. But see what the boys are up to that later. Thanksgiving week here in the States, always a big week down here, unless you're a fan of the team.
Not in playoff position yet, but see what the boys are up to this week.
For us, producer Mikey Grinelli, what's going on? You like that?
You like my gobble?
That was awesome.
It was like Jesper Bratt doing a gobble.
Stop it.
Not off the hop here.
Give it some time.
40 minutes until we get to New Jersey Devils talk.
Grinelli, what the hell have you been up to, bud?
I've been up to nothing, really.
Personally, I'm doing great, specifically
because the Chicklets YouTube channel
hit 250,000 subscribers this
past weekend. So that was just amazing
to see. It seems like yesterday we got 100k
in that plaque. Yeah,
so that was great to see. And we also have the Black
Friday sale starting this week. So very,
very excited about that. Things are great
over here. Wait, wait, wait. Didn't you go
on a couple's date? Yeah, leaving something
out. Come on. Burying the lead.
He went on your girlfriend's podcast.
Oh, he did? Yeah, that was last week. He tried to get
away with it. Oh, what were you talking about, Biz?
Oh, I just, I talked to him.
He said he went on a nice little couple's dinner. I don't know.
I kind of want to hear about the meal or maybe
where they went. The podcast.
Come on. What was the dinner? What was the pod? Fuck the dinner. I want to hear about the podcast. I didn they went the podcast come on what was the dinner what was the pod fuck the dinner i want to hear about the podcast i didn't know that you went on
that podcast mean girls yes i went on mean girls uh and there was a a clip that was posted today
it kind of got some traction of me so last week i was out uh out to dinner with my friends and
someone mentioned that they had proposed to their girlfriend. And when they did that, their girlfriend got got him a watch.
So they asked about that on the show.
They said, do you think guys should get engagement gifts as well?
And I and after I heard that, I'm like, yeah, yes, I do.
I don't think it should be something as extravagant as a ring.
But I think I think guys should get a little something, something, too.
So I said that on their podcast.
I'm a feminist. And I also believe that men should get watches.
You're putting, what, 25K in some cases?
Maybe not that much.
At least, I would say at least 10K into a ring,
which should you not be getting a Submariner Rolex back?
Not even a Datejust?
That's what I said.
I said just a Datejust.
That's all we need.
I want to hear Witt's opinion I said. I said, just a date just. That's all we need. I want to hear Whit's opinion on this.
I don't know.
It's like getting engaged is like you're asking that woman to be your wife forever.
I mean, it's both your moments, but it's kind of her moment.
I mean, not to mention my wife sometimes like, I'll buy you this.
I'm like, don't.
No, thanks.
Because I'm paying for it.
You don't need to get it for me.
Now, granted, a lot of women are working these days.
He could probably afford to buy their significant other a nice gift if he's getting a bomb ass ring to get to get married with.
But I'm not I'm not immediately kind of jumping on board with that.
That's kind of a although if you want to talk about equality and all that stuff.
That was my point.
That's pretty legit.
You're not progressive enough. I want a yacht master. I think it's a great topic, by the way, G. And I'm glad we all that stuff. That was my point. That's pretty legit. You're not progressive enough.
I want a yacht master.
I think it's a great topic, by the way, G, and I'm glad that we brought that up.
Now, you were talking about this on the podcast.
Yes.
Yeah.
They asked.
That was like the first question they basically asked because it was something that me and
Alana heard when we were out that like the weekend before and we started arguing about
it.
Basically, basically, I was trying to get another Rolex.
So it's kind of like if most people are out there thinking about money they're spending and like for the most part, guys are, you know, they're spending a lot of money on these rings.
It's like if we're then getting married, that's just kind of I don't need that gift.
I just gave you your wonderful engagement ring.
Let's just keep our money a little tighter if we're going to be getting married soon.
So I'm friends with a gay couple. Shout out SK and Baby D. We call the other one
Baby D. He's more the feminine one in the relationship. SK, to get engaged, he purchased
a Rolex for Baby D instead of getting him a ring to wear. So I thought that that was a smart,
progressive. I like that. Yeah, exactly. maybe maybe start giving out the hand pieces instead of just having to wear that diamond around i i kind of had this thing when i
when i got engaged and i wasn't expecting like tit-for-tat gifts it's like you get engaged like
let's move on but when me and my my wife was scouting wedding uh spots with don sarasota we
went to this art store and there was this unbelievable mick jagger photo like all
artistically done the frame was like 500 bucks i was gonna buy it for myself but she's like no i want to get it for you and then like try to go the engagement gift thing i was
like whoa no we're engaged there's no further gifts like i'm like i don't want it i'm like
then you feel obligated to get her another one it's like fucking the godfather thing like i may
need a famous your old school ra you also get hit on the push present too though what do you what
do you guys make of if a girl were to get down on
one knee and propose to a guy are you like what the fuck i'm out on that i'm out on that yeah
that's that's a heavy no i don't know man i can't say i'd be out on that i mean it'd be flattering
yeah it's flattering now maybe you want to be the one but if you were going to do it anyways
you're like wait a minute so the So the reversal, I get the ring.
Well, then she's asking.
Then she's saying you're taking her last name at that point.
If she's getting down on the Mongolian reversal.
Absolutely not.
So I would do a combined name, maybe a little mashup.
I always wonder, like, if a hyphenated name marries a hyphenated name,
does the kid get like four fucking last names?
Like, how does that work?
You know what I mean?
When people started taking on two names.
I'm sure there's some crazy fucking stories out there.
Paul and Kendra Star Bissonette.
Hey, if you are buying a ring.
You're thinking of Kendra Lust.
Pay cash.
Not Rachel Star, you idiot.
There's a poor girl, Kendra Star, out there that's trying to make it big.
She thought it was her moment.
Hey, you did a mashup of porn stars there.
I did a mashup of, yeah, I did a mashup of a bunch of lunatics in the end.
You dirty dog, you.
But the push present is another thing.
So when your wife gives birth, boom, that's another one.
And you can get hit hard on those push presents.
I didn't even know that existed.
That's not my thought on that podcast.
Well, in looking in looking back and then especially with why it seemed my wife get
birth to him in our house.
No epidural.
All natural.
It's like I would have spent way more money than I had on the ring.
But, you know, at the time of the ring, I don't even know about push presents.
And so it's it's it's basically just an absolute money's siphon getting married what was the push present you get her like a gift
certificate to molly made for the week or something i got her a builder bear at the mall
with wyatt's name on it was sick that's you're out of control dude hey so hey so i don't think
we've ever talked about that you did we talk about the fact that it was a home birth when you gave birth?
Yeah, I think so.
Because I remember I was delivering him because the lady's car, she was late.
The midwife was late and Bree was in the shower.
I looked down and like I saw the top of Wyatt's head coming out.
And then the woman ran into the room in her jacket and got into the shower.
I was like, holy fuck.
It's crazy.
What an amazing experience.
The midwife, what's that other name they call them?
Adulas or something like that?
Yeah, yeah, there you go.
I recommend if you're buying a ring at any point,
like if you know your jewelry, you can talk on the side with them,
try to pay cash if you can.
You end up saving a few bucks.
Yeah, I want to get engagement ring advice from our,
all right, keep going.
I bet he fell off the back of a truck too, right, buddy? He's 100 right. to get engagement ring advice from our all right keep going the floor you know what my
truck too right buddy he's 100 right you're spent you're saving thousands of dollars on tax if you're
paying a lot of money for it works for everybody it works for everybody you know and then you can
say oh yeah but then you're buying a new york ranger fugazi no man don't make me pull my
fucking put my ring on the fucking zoom camera in front of your face
yeah i don't want to get blinded it's like the bat signal uh how do we get into that topic uh
oh yeah grinelli uh anything else crazy talked about on that podcast like did they ask you like
if you like munching box or like what did they what did they get into they go into you they
wouldn't go into your guys like sex life no right? No, no. We actually were pretty...
I didn't want to do it to begin with,
but I did reluctantly.
So I kind of was like scaling the questions beforehand.
I didn't want to talk about anything too crazy.
What, are you going to be a fucking publicist?
Yeah, basically, yeah.
It's R.A.
We'll do R.A. first.
McQuaid or Sean.
And we'll get to thanking those guys
when we get to the sandbag. We've got to intro
Whit first. Shout out Mean Girl Pod.
Give them a listen.
One of the girls
father
or stepfather
owns the Oklahoma City Thunder.
Alex Bennett, she is married
to Graham Bennett, who
his father owns
the Oklahoma City Thunder.
So that's pretty sick.
Just fucking decent.
Yeah, decent.
Biz, we got to give you a proper one first before with per custom.
Paul, Biz Nasty, Biz Sinet.
Are you in the dirty desert or you already are popping Atlanta?
I can't fucking keep track of you.
No, I'm in the desert currently.
I got a nice week off of TNT.
It was great seeing you. You're like Gretz a nice week off of TNT. It was great.
See, you're like Gretzky now fucking taken.
Fuck.
No, no, they've, they've been very, very good at working. Cause obviously we, we do so much stuff for the podcast.
So just trying to kind of, I love it biz.
We don't, we don't need you burnt out, buddy.
Long season.
I don't, you know, I got to live life a little bit too and get some personal time, but same
breath that allows the seat to open up for other like Henrik Lundqvist, rocket uh jen botrell was on last year a couple times she hasn't been on so far
this year and then last wednesday man it was great seeing yans i know he's been doing a little bit of
sports net but he fit in right like a glove he was fucking funny he was very insightful and i'm so
proud of that guy man like it seems like He really wants this side of the career,
which it's nice to see guys with as much credibility as him and as much as he's seen at the National Hockey League level,
especially with his fucking personality, one of the funniest guys,
to be up there crushing it with the boys.
So I'm really proud of him.
Congrats to Schnee.
This week we got a Wednesday night broadcast and then a Friday night.
So we got another double-decker coming at you. So just got a little night broadcast and then a Friday night. So we got another double decker coming at you.
So just got a little bit of rest.
And on Friday, I got to experience the opening of the Barstool Sports Bar in Scottsdale.
That looked like a scene.
But I'll tell you what.
It was where the old Saddle Ranch was.
I didn't know what to expect.
They just made an awesome sports bar to go watch the games.
It's not in the Vortex.
I'm fucking 37. there's that old town vortex
that you can get sucked into it's like incredible yeah it's incredible if you're 25 years old and
you're looking to snort fucking uh anthrax off the nicest granite in town and and hit the disco
sticks and and butt chug a bottle of pink whit vodka. But being 37, it was great.
They got a shit ton of TVs.
The server, I mean, there's some rockets in there.
So if you want to go watch a game, shocker.
And the staff was incredible.
And it's a very clean, Bowery-looking type of place.
Basically like a 310 Bowery, but a bigger version of it, G.
That's who runs it.
That's who owns it.
They're like running all the bars.
It's the same people who own the Tevary.
Well, there you go.
Holy shit.
You get smothered?
Buddy, no.
It was nice.
It sucks because the lineup was so big
that maybe some people didn't get to come in
and maybe some of them had to wait
an hour and a half, two hours.
But hey, shout out to the loyal ones
who did wait to experience it
and come hello.
I meant smothered as in waffled oh uh yeah i had been taking some time off the booze i've been really really picking my spots and uh that was that's a flashing green light
though that's so much so that uh i we we first of all i took um pasha to ocean 44 to make hole on a bet got him a nice
bottle of wine nice steak congratulations on your 11 game fucking winning streak to the new jersey
devils uh our buddy joey superstein came and then uh and then uh and then we headed over so we went
from wine to big deal brews to some shots of pink whitney to the next day feeling a little bit queasy and puking out of my car door yeah i puked puked on my the side of my door on ah it's the worst took the
took the full day off shut her down early though boys and uh and got two workouts in on sunday to
make make hole on it's all about balance right guys it's all about balance work never sleeps
because you uh recruiting as well we get the late late-night texts. You met a legends daughter. Are you trying to recruit her old man on the show?
Timmy Thomas' daughter was at the Barstool Sports Bar's opening,
and I said, Brian McGonigal from Barstool Sports would love to get your old man on.
So do what you can.
I sent the picture to the group chat with her.
So, hey, she listens to the pod.
Tell him if you can maybe hold this up to his ear and force him to listen to us.
Please, for the love of RA, please come on the Spit and Shooklets podcast.
We want to hear about that incredible Boston Bruins run in which they're going on another one right now.
So it'd be the perfect time to get him on right before this winter classic outdoor game.
Perfect comma.
And one other thing, thing biz someone on our
twitter feed went about listening said that they got to get you and ky on at the same time you guys
could be the next uh shack and chuck bockley oh that would be electric i mean i don't know we'll
see what happens but next up the wit dog ryan whitney what's going on my man not much um
a pretty chill weekend but it actually like wasn't really. I'll start with the funny aspects of it and the good parts. There was a tough moment for your boy this weekend. But Friday night, my buddy Bunzo Byrne, Brendan Byrne, one of my closest friends, his son James was born about, I think, 12 days before Ryder.
son James was born about I think 12 days before Ryder so James just turned five Ryder's turning five a week from today when we're recording next Monday that'll be his birthday so we took him into
the BU game awesome game they actually lost to Northeastern won nothing and they beat him the
next night in overtime but a really good back and forth game Northeastern has this goalie
Devon Levi gee am I getting that? Yeah, he's unbelievable. So Buffalo acquired
him from Florida. And I believe the Reinhardt deal, this kid is a stud. He's going to be an
NHL number one. Uh, he had a shutout, probably 45 saves and an unreal thing. The reason I'm kind
of bringing this up is Brendan's son, James said the funniest thing we're leaving the game.
Brendan's son, James, said the funniest thing.
We're leaving the game.
The game's over.
You know, these kids are exhausted.
It's about 930, I'm going to say, 945.
And, you know, we're walking to the car.
We get in the car.
We're driving home.
And James Byrne, five years old, he goes, all right, boys, now we're talking.
I don't know shit. Like we were going out.
It was like me and Brendan looked at each other.
All right, boys, now we're talking. Meanwhile, earlier day earlier in the day so riders in that he's in that
why phase that so many parents out there know why why why and a lot of times i answer i'll just keep
answering and answering and answering because there's always an answer to the why but then
sometimes i'm like enough enough and no more asking why and so
earlier that day he actually said to me uh something why i don't know what he was asking
i looked at him like just look the look and he goes i gotta stop asking that question
so the kids are cracking us out this weekend we had a we had a hell of a Friday night. But Saturday comes around.
And I took Ryder to hockey.
I had Wyatt.
Yeah, Bree was running around.
We're hosting Thanksgiving.
She's bombing around, doing everything, kind of getting ready.
So I had the kids all day.
She gets home at 4.
3.45, yeah.
And I'm like, all right, I want to get a little bit of exercise today
because we're going out to dinner with Ned Haven and his wife that night.
I wanted to get some, you know, just like a tiny bit of exercise today because we're going out to dinner with ned haven and his wife that night i wanted to get some uh you know just like a tiny touch of a sweat or even movement
in before i knew it's all about balance it's all about balance well backtrack our dog yoshi hates
me he's i'm not like i'm not a dog energy person i never had a dog growing up i don't i really like
dogs but they just i it's a dog energy thing i think had a dog growing up i don't i really like dogs but they just i it's
a dog energy thing i think people know what i'm talking about some people have it some people
don't and like my wife earlier was like you got to be nicer to me i'll be nicer and even now she's
like no you're so nice to me he just doesn't like you but she takes him to this part this this it's
in milton it's behind cunningham it's a dog walking it's a it's a you take your leash the
leash off the dog and it's the woods and you're walking around and I'll say the loop you
go on. I'm going to say, it's like, I don't know, a little more than half a mile. So I planned on
bombing around this thing three or four times now and getting a little bit of work. And I'd also
get Yoshi a walk. Cause he'd been stuck all day in the house. I arrived there and took my first
two steps and it's uneven terrain. And I got my ankles and, and I'm like,
why aren't I just walking around the neighborhood?
We've got this big old neighborhood.
I could have done like two miles easy on pavement. What am I doing here?
Well, sure.
Shit.
I get a boat just over halfway through the lap and I have a clicker.
So Yoshi's off leash and he's running around.
He sees other dogs and he runs back and he runs away.
And I got this clicker clicker, clicker, click. And he comes right away. Boom. If I click this thing a couple of times, boom, he's sprinting over to me. So he's up this hill. He ran up this hill. He's playing with, there's a, there's a bigger dog, short brown hair. I don't, I don't know dogs and their breeds. There was a tiny little like ratty dog. And then there was another dog. There's three dogs he's playing with, but I'm keeping walking because remember, I want my sweat. I want my I want my buzz.
I want my beats per minute.
So I click it and Yoshi comes flying over and he's just to my right and I'm kind of
getting out of treating all of a sudden, dude, I don't even hear or see anything.
But boom, a fucking dog going one hundred and fifteen miles an hour runs into my left
knee.
Dude, I go up. I i'm talking i'm horizontal to the
ground i had to be three four feet in the air i land on my shoulder my surgically repaired elbow
and i hit my head on the ground i'm fucking concussed still i'm all fucked up i don't feel
right right now dude i looked i looked i looked over just to my like left there was a rock i could
have hit my head on the rock i'm on the ground i haven't been hit like this since coma saric lit
me up when i had my head down in montreal terrian was calling me a pussy laying on the ground with
a concussion i am so i'm like what the hell just happened oh and these people up top of the hill
now if my dog did that i would like start walking or running down the hill like, oh, my God, are you OK?
They're standing up top. I I get up. I don't even know where I'm at. I'm like, they're like, are you OK?
I'm like, not really, for fuck's sake. And they just the dog runs back.
They just walked away. I got I want to know the people in front of me stopped.
They came back. Are you OK, man? I'm like, please don't know who I am. Please don't know who I am.
The people in front of me stopped.
They came back.
Are you okay, man?
I'm like, please don't know who I am.
Please don't know who I am.
I, my shoulders mangled, dude.
Oh, I don't know what's going on.
No, but it's clicking and it feels like something might be torn.
There's only one thing that could have messed with this fucking win streak we have in golf. And it's that getting T-bone by a fucking dog.
By a dog.
How big was the dog?
It had to be 50 pounds.
Or what, you know, what did Lloyd weigh?
Lloyd's, I'd say Lloyd's a good probably 55, 60 pounds.
Yeah, same size.
Wow.
But like younger and fitter and faster and meaner.
No offense.
And I'm telling you, man, like it's just such a kick in the nuts.
It's just like I'm such not a dog person.
I try to do one good thing for the dog. get ass over t-kill crushing the park and these two assholes don't
even come down and ask me if i'm okay so i ended up going home all pissed off and then i went out
to dinner and i had all these margaritas i was so annoyed and i was concussed and then we had
like a bottle of wine ned and i and and i almost up too. I was head out the window on a way home from a couple's dinner.
All right.
All right.
I'm getting,
I'm getting like
Clark Griswold's
neighbors vibes
from these people
that had their dog
come and body with.
Holy shit.
How rude is that?
What if,
what if you see them again
on this path?
So dude,
I'm telling you,
they're up ahead.
I'll never,
ever go back to this path
but my wife's there all the time and she's her friends and her friends have been going so long
that they probably know they probably know um the people sorry i was just waving to some people
outside i could see so i i just i i yeah i'm sorry i'm i'm long-winded here but i'm concussed
so if i say anything i don't know buddy buddy that's a great breakdown. And I mean, I'm sending you some love from not only myself and R.A.
and Grinnell, but all of Chicklets Nation, man.
Battle through this one.
I think the dog was running to the clicker, by the way.
I think he knew about the clicker, too.
And on top of all that, the fact that you're dealing with Chicklets fans
coming at you on YouTube and me, me really for this whole sandbagger
ordeal it's ever every time we get in a winning streak it's like they start these people are the
biggest you know what biz people hate winners and we can't be beat right now and for everyone who
wants to know what we're talking about you go watch the ryan malone and colby armstrong sandbagger
that we won we've now won five in a. I believe we're 10 and four all time.
Is that correct?
Correct.
So through 14, we've won 10 and people are coming at us.
Oh, first time ever rooting against Biz and Whit.
Oh, Whit's such a douchebag.
Oh, Biz and Whit, arrogant piece of shit.
We're there to win.
Do you think we're there to be like buddy-buddy with these guys?
We'd spent about 50 hours in a row with those two being buddy buddy it was game time and for
everyone that's arguing about the rules and stuff we're going where are we going to go into that
biz we have a kangaroo i want to hear i want to hear what ra was up to this past weekend and then
we're going to dive into everything sandbag related i'm sorry that i got you so fired up buddy i'm
fired up too but all right how. How was your weekend, buddy?
It was chill.
You guys know, I got, I know it was like a 48-year-old bug or something.
I got like puking.
I know.
Remember the first time I actually puked during an interview, I had to turn the camera
the other, the other night during an interview.
So I was laid up like Thursday, Friday.
Then all of a sudden it went away as quick as it came.
I had a fundraiser for the Boys and Girls Club of Charlestown.
A cause very dear to my heart.
My friend, Derek Alga, he runs the club. They
did this every year for like 20 years. Then COVID
wiped it out for a couple. They rent the hall.
They get all food and booze donated for a Patriots
game every year. Great crowd. You know,
Charlestown, as Whit knows, it's changed a lot.
It used to be all Irish Catholic neighborhood. It's been
gentrified. But it's like, the town
is like, you know, it's all one again. For a lot
of time, there was animosity biz between like
the old timers and like the newcomers. But everyone's kind of on the same page now. So it's like, you know, it's all one again for a lot of time. There's animosity biz between like the old timers and like the newcomers,
but everyone's kind of on the same page now.
So it's like a good mix of like the new residents and the old residents and
had a good time with that. And I, and I told you before the show,
shout out to Dr. Britt, the chiropractor who tried to help me out,
is willing to help me out. She slid into my DM.
So she happened to be in the same bar, came over and said, hello.
She's a big Bruins fan from this is for reference.
It's when you had your sciatic issue and you had a bunch of doctors reach out to try to help and fix it you elected to take
the doctor's advice who said don't do do absolutely nothing just sit on the couch hit hit the hit the
bong do do whatever you gotta do i don't need rehab i i wish i could fucking hit my bong on
this place it's a non-smoking place everyone's oh, just do it through a fucking laundry deterrent.
Oh, I'm like, buddy, I'm 50 years old.
I'm not getting written up for fucking smoking in a non-smoking.
This was a chiropractor chiropractor specifically.
Yeah.
She wasn't sure if it was you, but then she saw you rubbing your leg.
You were you're doing your old twitching.
And she's like, that's got to be all right.
Yeah.
She's a Bruins fan.
My Thunder Bay, Ontario as well. So she's Canadian played at UV be all right yeah she's a Bruins fan from Thunder Bay Ontario as
well so she's Canadian played at UVM great a great kid so nice always nice to catch up with fans but
it was a total coincidence she happened to be in the same bar as me so yeah it was nice to see some
old friends like I said with COVID wiped out a lot of time that we usually spend with friends so
anytime you know you get older it's it's nice to spend time with good friends how many events are
you usually doing a year with the Boys and Girls Club?
Well, that's an annual one.
I'll play in the polka tournament.
And then they announced it's the 130th anniversary of the Boys Club right up the street.
So they have a huge anniversary party.
They invite all the members from the last, well, 130 years.
Not all of them still alive.
And it's a huge blowout.
So anytime I can help out, like I said, it's a place when I was a kid, not a refuge, but it was a place that, you know, keep kids off the street and try to keep you on the straight and narrow. And now
with technology and all the money they have now, these kids have so much more than we did, but it's
a place that's been there for generations. And like I said, a cause near and dear to my heart
and a huge part of this community. We should do a content piece about it, R.A. Maybe film you
playing in this poker tournament. I think that could be cool. Yeah, absolutely. And plus,
well, you know, we got the Winter Classic coming up
here. Maybe we could time it with that. But
meanwhile, we got a special.
Should we stick on that topic? I'm going to throw
it over to Grinnell, and he's got the
info, and we're excited to share it with you.
Yeah, so
we've teased this a few times, but
the boys are headed home.
Six years ago, we were recording on R.A.'s couch.
Now, on January 1st at 7 p.m., the boys will take stage at the Wilbur Theater in Boston, Massachusetts.
So tickets go on sale November 30th at 3 p.m.
Barstoolsports.com slash events.
You can find them there.
This is huge, boys.
This is fucking huge.
Holy.
And we'll have
special guests right that we don't want to announce yet oh we tons of special guests yeah
we got some great seating all right how does that feel being a boston kid go we're coming back home
to the place where the podcast originated and more than likely knock on wood they haven't been sold
yet but remember last time when in pittsburgh seven minutes it took to sell
the joint out 800 seats and then we added a few more but how does it feel coming home to host a
live show in front of your fucking home fans it's gonna be incredible and as bummed out as i was i
miss pittsburgh i was like crestfallen like it's almost like i i realized that well now my first
live show is gonna be in boston so it almost like i wouldn't plan it that way but now that it's
gonna turn out that way it's like all right all right, this is going to be cool.
Like I told a couple of buddies yesterday, some lifelong friends, I can't wait. I'm going to have
them on the VIP list. And I'm super excited, man. I'm like, I'm going to be over the moon.
This place is going to be absolutely bananas. It's, it's going to be like homecoming for me,
for me, the wit dog. Gee, I mean, this is, this is where it all started. There's a reason those
colors are black and gold behind me because me and wit started, it wasn't a Boston show,
but that's where the roots were. So I cannot wait man i'm gonna be over the moon it's gonna sell it what up seven minutes pittsburgh you could give this show
fucking 9 000 roman swipes it'll be fucking three minutes it's gonna sell the wilbur theater is
absolutely that's an ad credible too oh dude i've gone there to see comedians and shows and shit now
i'm gonna be on the stage it's it's fun so i can't we're actually going to list uh 300 tickets for sale because ra has 800 family
members friends and family members coming dude i'm like shit i don't know what my limit is i'm
not it's like prison he forgot i'm gonna be working for free that night like when fucking
your family comes to town to see you that's right yeah that's in toronto whatever you should have
those people who own that can beast dog from Sandlot that ran me over.
I can stone cold stun them on stage.
That'd be my gift.
No shit.
Whitson Protocol.
Meanwhile, Spike's getting a call from fucking DOPS.
Gonna fucking get sussied for it.
Before we go any further, I need to talk to you about Pink Whitney.
New Amsterdam's own Pink Whitney.
My name.
The best drink maybe of all time.
Am I biased?
Yes.
You can chirp me.
I don't care.
Pink Whitney.
Is my namesake.
And I think people have come and grown accustomed to seeing the birdie juice and realizing on the golf course, it's just a, it's a perfect mixture to have a wonderful day.
And as, as golf season up in the Northeast begins to end, people may, may, they may forget about it.
Nope. Nope. Because in the winter you go to your local bar, you have a shot of pink Whitney.
It warms it up. It tastes good going down. It's not not some it's not some rough and tumble disaster in your throat
in your mouth it's just it's birdie juice winter summer fall spring so please go to your local bar
have a shot and enjoy a hell of a night biz you've already tried twice to get to the sandbag
you guys people are saying you guys are the new Mr. Fuji and Mr. Saito,
the heels from WWF years ago.
Villains, like changing the rules.
Like, what's up with all this stuff?
We're going to break.
Some people who listen aren't like the biggest sandbagger fans,
but this is a big, big part of what we do here at Spitting Chicklets.
That is shown on our YouTube channel.
We've done 14 of them now.
It started with the Crosby and McKinnon one, and it's taken on a mind of its own.
Before I get into the details, Pasha has, has worked very hard to continue to advance
the quality of the product.
This one production wise looked incredible.
He does so with the team of Sean Apuzzo, uh, McQuaid is, uh, uh, an intern we hired.
Who's been doing an awesome job.
Uh, G do you want to step in and help me out with Logan?
I don't know his last name.
We got Logan who does all the tracing.
We have Elliot Fish, Sean Apuzzo, Mike McQuaid.
I mean, we have a whole team now of people that come in and do this,
and it's led by Posh, and it's been a great operation.
Yeah, and so, you know, obviously we've been on a bit of a rip here and we all of a sudden
going to this match and we want to spice things up and we created these new rules.
These rules in which we told them before the match, we told the Bugsy, if you watch the
whole sandbagger, go to the YouTube, we will be having our first ever kangaroo court on
chiclets, et cetera.
At least that's what the name is right now with colby
armstrong and murrells and we're going to get bugsy on and we are going to do a live kangaroo
court session talking about each side of it because right now the match is basically technically
under protest uh colby armstrong went as far to call it the scam bagger so you go watch the video
you can assess your own information i will say off the hop of that video, Bugsy seemed to be the one antagonizing us.
Always.
Always antagonizing.
He just flutters his eyes and all these losers are like, oh, he's so hard.
He's so funny.
Shut up, Bugsy.
Exactly.
He ropes you into believing his narrative.
And that's what's been happening online and inside the sandbagger video
so watch it and then next week on thursday at some point the chiclets etc will drop and you
will hear the full kangaroo court our explanations for what went down you'll hear their side of it
and we will send it to the court of public opinion which is of course our lovely chiclets following
now if i could just jump in real quick because it's going to be impossible for me to get a word in on chicklets,
et cetera, next Thursday.
I take fault for this a little bit here, and I'll explain why.
I should have said to you guys that you need to say the rules on camera
so everyone can hear them multiple times.
So everyone was aware that you guys told Bugsy and Colby because not
everyone knew watching that video that you guys went to the Cheesecake Factory and laid out all
the rules for them no worries I'm going to ask Pasha to look in the footage for some of the
stuff on the range in which didn't make the actual sandbagger of what explained the rule for the
probably third or fourth time maybe the 13th or 14th. And for anybody who wants to rewatch it,
we're going to watch it for the first time.
Watch when wit has to go up and,
and start everything off with the intro.
Wit has to talk about the sponsors,
where we are.
He has to establish the rules,
the handicaps.
He has a lot to remember.
What is Bugsy doing?
The first half of the intro,
Ryan Whitney.
He's annoying the living shit out of me.
He's touching me in the ass with his club.
He's flicking my hat off.
He's being Bugsy.
And he wasn't listening, just like he claims to have not.
He says he didn't hear us at Cheesecake.
It's just a long-winded response to him being so dumb in the end.
Because Army knew the rules.
Notice how Army army i don't
even want to get into this until we get to the next chickens etc which that name will change
which by the way was not my idea that's what everyone's saying nope nope so all all i have
to say about the entire thing is biz people coming at you and i we're winning and that's why they're
coming at us and to say you don't make it fun i don't care if
it's fun i want to win just like biz does and thank god you're okay you did fall off a golf cart
holy and i got choked out by bugsy trying to change the momentum he choked you out first
time in sandbagger history but i did have snapped your arm i i did draw blood um five in a row for
the boys uh we have i think alluded to the fact
that we already have another one in the bank that was filmed in carolina with eric cole and justin
williams that will be coming out right before christmas so stay tuned five in a row for the boys
we're gonna see you on chicklets etc and you'll get the full breakdown but we appreciate everybody
who stopped by and watched that video we do not appreciate you chicklets fans turning your back on me and wit
when we're going to war and if you do want to hear us some of the comments are a were well we want to
hear you snapping around with these guys so the stories come out uh we literally have a podcast
that comes out once a month that colby armstrong is hosting so if you want to hear his stories
you can go listen to it and we've already had Bugsy on as a guest.
We had him on the West Coast Wagon Tour
where he was scooping ices out of our drinks.
And he will now be on Chicklets, etc.
I'm sure now more than once,
considering him and fucking Colby Armstrong
are playing tummy sticks,
accusing us of being scam baggers, cheaters, and liars.
Yeah, it's not story time.
It's golf time.
But Armstrong, he's a fucking treasure, man.
I love that guy. He's so fucking funny
all the time. One other note, too.
We were on the dozen. Speaking of golf, we went against the
four playboys last week. We didn't dummy
them. Another epic match.
All boys, we all chipped in equally.
I'd say biz with the absolute pull
to seal it at the end. So if you haven't seen that,
check that out as well. It's on our feed.
One other note, G, I know you already mentioned Black Friday. Any other stuff you want to drop?
What's it? It's going on Thursday. It's just a major, major sale. We do this every year. Black
Friday sale through Cyber Monday, 20 off everything in the entire store. And we're doing
something again for you guys. It's the Biz Arizona experience. We're bringing it back.
We're going to fly you and three buddies out to Arizona.
We'll pay for the hotel.
We'll pay for a suite at the Yotes game in business,
personal suite at mullet arena,
post game beers with biz.
How do you enter?
You ask,
all you do is go for every 150 you spend on the black Friday sale in the
barstool sports store.
You'll get an extra 10 entries into a random drawing.
We did this last year.
Biz, you can talk about it.
You went out with the guys.
You had a couple pops with them.
Went to the Yotes game.
It's an awesome contest, and it all kicks off this Friday.
Oh, yeah, they were awesome.
Super respectful, and they were so pumped to have won.
I ended up going out to Coach House, which is a fun little bar here in town.
And oftentimes people ask me, like, hey, I'm heading to Arizona.
It's a Scottsdale. Where should I go?
Check out a place called Coach House. Fun little bar.
Brought them there. Took them out for some food.
And, of course, the next day they came to the game.
We had some more merch for them there.
So we're trying to find ways in order to give back to our fans
who are kind of, you know, snapping it around and love buying merch.
So it'd be a cool thing for you to win.
And we're going to keep doing these types of contests moving forward.
So enter to win.
Black Friday sale coming up.
And make sure you get some goodies for the loved ones for Christmas
as far as merchandise is concerned.
Big deal.
Brewing merch, Pink Whitney merch, tons of new stuff.
So thanks, Grinnelli, for handling that side.
Good job, boys.
Before we get into the hockey,
we want to talk about one of our interviews today.
We're going to have our buddy Big Cat jump on a little bit.
But he also talked to a guy named Sean McMorrow.
The name might not ring a bell at a lot of years,
but he was an eighth-round pick of the 2000 Buffalo Sabres.
He played one NHL game, played professionally in, I think,
six or seven leagues, played over in Europe, the AHL,
the East Coast League, that crazy fighting league up
in Quebec. He had a very unique experience.
He was a black player who played for a
pretty nasty coach. He
kind of was very open-biz, very honest with us.
It kind of took a turn we didn't expect, but it was
a very significant interview, so we just want to give you
a heads up about this guy. It was good stuff, and
we're going to get to that a little later, Biz. I don't know if you want to
chime in here. Energy. He brought it. he brought he brought he must have had the pre
workout before coming on he was buzzing uh mike fuda my old general manager awesome guy had him
in uh with the king's organization as well um i had him in owen sound when he's the gm there and
he put me in touch with him and he said you should get the sheriff on and i said absolutely we always
love getting the old tough guys on and i played in the ohl against this guy there's not a chicken
dicks chance in hell i was going to go near him he was a tough customer uh three years older and
it it you know this interview took on a mind of its own we didn't know what to expect going in but
he was very open and honest about his experience through, you know, dealing with racism in the game. And, you know, those are hard,
hard conversations to have and, and,
but his perspective on life and the way that he's handled the adversity he
has it's, it's really a testament to him and his character.
And we can't thank him enough for sharing.
So I know maybe the name didn't pop out to you guys,
but I think it's going to be a, an interview that a lot of you,
a lot of you people love and maybe even put on the Mount Rushmore.
Well said, pal. Well said.
Well, you mentioned Pasha a few minutes ago and he's got a bone on his pants.
No doubt.
New Jersey's winning streak has hit 12 after they beat up on the sense five,
one Saturday, they've won 15 out of 16,
second longest streak in franchise history, going back to 1974,
11th longest in NHL history.
They're the first U S based teambased team with a road-winning streak
of six-plus games against all Canadian teams.
They swept the Western Canada Tour.
Then they beat the Habs, the Leafs, and the Sens.
They haven't played Winnipeg yet.
30 points in 18 games, the fastest in franchise history.
And, you know, everyone was picking on Lindy Ruff,
but he got some goaltending.
Vitek Vanacek has been outstanding.
This kid, Akira Schmid, they called up. called up has been great too uh let's go to you
first biz for the devils your boy pash off the wall oh i mean we we started touching on it last
week but we got to keep digging deeper and deeper as these guys keep winning hockey games and it is
just insane what's happening right now in new jersey um wish greg waschinski came out with an article tons of people
chimed in like a bunch of juggernauts as far as the analytics community i want to say uh megan
chica uh help me out with the the philip philipovich dimitri philipovich he's he's awesome
jay fresh this another analytic guy on on twitter that you can find posting players cards as far as
like how much
offense they're driving how good they are defensively and they basically all teamed up
and wrote a masterpiece on how this is getting done and it breaks down like you know how much
they're generating five on five how they're able to generate off the rush and how they're not
one-dimensional about their offense uh compared them maybe a little bit to Florida last year, but not being so one-dimensional, getting contributions from the bottom six.
You know, Jack Hughes, who one of the best players right now in the league
off the rush as far as scoring chances for shots on net, you name it, right?
He's excelled in that category.
It talks about how Burnett came over coach of the underrated storyline.
Right. And of course, like Lindy Ruff, who was getting shit on early, you know, he's made light of it.
And he's you know, he's like, I'm not necessarily so much interested in the X's and O's.
He's more interested in the relationships with the players.
And then, of course, it goes on to talk about Burnett and how he's helped out the special teams as much as he has. Um, I think that the, probably the main player we should be talking
about and a guy that we have mentioned quite a bit in the past is Nico Heischer and where he's
brought his game to that next level. I think that what are always our criticism was where maybe like
he wasn't providing that offensive necessary offense necessary to be brought up in maybe the selkie conversation even though pasha was trying to spood feed it down my throat
and maybe at a certain point without providing that offense maybe wasn't earning what he'd been
given but at this point now this is looking like one of the best bargains in the league
because you talk about the types of guys who are being nominated year in and year out for
the selkie are players that are able to play the defensive side of the puck just as good as anyone
but yet somehow find a way to produce offense over a point per game the names like patrice bergeron
come up often the names like anze kopitar well nico he sure has entered that conversation and
his coach has been adamant about the fact that right now he should be a consideration for that.
You hear about all these things as teammates, past teammates, or anybody around him talk about his character and who he is as a person.
So all in all, this 10 out of 10 human being has finally gotten to where he's finally blossomed into the player that all these people who believed in him thought he could be.
And he's clicking over a point a game.
Jasper Brat is probably the other big name
that we've been talking about lately.
And every time you mention him,
you can't mention his name without the speed
and how much they carry the play.
And he sets the pace in that regard.
So all in all, this group of guys,
and if you ask anyone in that locker so all in all this this group of guys and if you ask anyone that locker
room uh especially holla he's saying the mojo is giving him uh vegas of when they came into the
league during that inaugural season vibes they are just oozing confidence they all love each other in
that locker room and it's all coming to light and fitzgerald has done a tremendous job in tooling
this team for success. And the, I know it's still early.
I know they're peaking at a very early time,
but this is everything that Pasha was trying to advertise and more.
A great breakdown, a great breakdown biz.
And then like the goaltending was a question mark.
Vanacek's been outstanding.
Akira Schmidt, am I saying that correct?
He's three and all.
It's like they're getting contributions for everyone.
But one thing I looked at, looking at their roster,
so everyone knows like he's here in the first overall pick of 2017.
But when drafting becomes so important and the reason that you see fans sometimes be so willing to move second, third, fourth round picks and GMs don't always love doing that is then you look at the rest of the draft in 2017, at least the second and third round.
In the second round, they got this Jesper Bokvist, Bokvist, I don't even know if I'm saying his name right, who spent most of the time and he's been up and down.
But this year he's not lighting it up offensively, but he's playing center right now.
Right. He's a draft pick that's playing the third round.
They get this Fabian Zetterlund. He's playing on the second line right now.
He's playing really well. He's a tank. 220 pounds.
The kids are monsters, short little tank.
So, boom, you got you got your first three round picks from 2017.
All three of them right now making an impact
it's the little things and it's the depth drafting that it seems like everything's coming together
for them Dougie Hamilton probably isn't getting enough credit in terms of this team um offensively
he's kind of always had the ability to skate as well as most D-men if not everyone he can move
the puck and shoot the puck and he's got all those things. And I think teams were sometimes left wishing for a little more in the D zone. It looks like he's really
cleaned that up a little bit. Everyone seems to be gelling. The Vegas call by Hala makes a lot
of sense where they believe every night they're going to win. It's like once you buy into that
and once you start believing the momentum that can be built from a stretch like
this and yeah it's early in the season but it's like this momentum will last all year they're not
going to continue to win this many games in a row they're going to go on a losing streak there's
going to be a time they probably will lose three or four in a row that that usually happens for
every team at some point but you look back to the beginning and that's their base for knowing that
they can compete everyone says in terms terms of looking in the big future
and possibly competing for a Stanley Cup,
they are an undersized team.
I don't know if that's one thing that people,
when the playoffs start, because this team's in the playoffs.
This ain't Buffalo.
As much as I hate to say it, I'm on the Sabres.
This team is not going to disappear like the Sabres had.
Kind of a rickety shot at the Sabres, but what are you going to do?
But they're in the playoffs.
So I'm saying so maybe when you get there,
that them being a little undersized could affect them.
But man, this team, they're humming.
And tonight the streak probably ends with my my Oilers in town
to take these guys down.
So that'll probably be the Connor McDavid show to end it in Newark.
But I have to admit that I was wrong shitting on this team
throughout the course of
earlier this year in the offseason with Pasha because they've made me look like a fool as well.
And as boring as we used to say they were and their arena, it's like everything has turned
the corner. Everything's coming up devils because the arena looks like it's absolutely bumping for
all these wins. And the team is pretty fun. That win they had in Toronto in overtime was a hell of a game.
It was 1-1.
I think they ended, yeah, Sharon Govich scored 1-2-1 in OT,
but a great game up and back.
And it's a very fun team.
Wow, well said, Whit.
Now, what's y'all taking the whole peeking too soon stuff?
I mean, like, what's the alternative, you know?
Yeah, exactly.
What is the alternative?
And it's such a weird argument because like there's no other option.
Like we we want to win games. We want to win every single game. We know it's impossible.
But at any point, if you talk to a GM, a coach or a player, are they upset that they're winning too many games in a row early in the season?
No, because like I said, when the losing comes and when the down parts of the season come, peaks and valleys, folks, life, pro sports, it all comes together.
When their downtime comes this year, this streak they're on, yes, early will lead them to getting out of that funk and believing that they can win games again.
So it is too early. And you'd love to do this as the playoffs began.
Maybe you could win 13 in a row in March leading in, but
beggars can't be choosers. And when you're winning
this often, you do not care.
That's my opinion. No, I agree.
I mean, you think of Tampa in 19, you know, they
kicked ass all year and then they got dummied by
Columbus in the first round and
local different sport. But the Patriots
07, it was like almost would have been better if they
lost the game during that season because they
lost in the Super Bowl. They also got helmet catched by david it's like true but you know
those are two examples and one more thing before we move on from the devils too we've been stroking
them off and pumping their tires offensively they allow the lowest amount of shots five on five in
any team in the national hockey league so not only are they getting done on the offensive side of the
puck they're getting it done on the defensive side as well so a complete uh a complete 180 from last
year congratulations to pasha and his devils and uh you were talking about buffalo during your rant
there with uh they're the reverse of being on a heater right now what one sec bit biz we're gonna
talk about jack hughes with the. Okay, well, there you go.
The reporter.
What can the Devils do to gain a little more consistency throughout the 60 minutes?
Want to run it, G?
What can the Devils do to gain a little bit more consistency
throughout those full 60 minutes?
I mean, we're on a nine-game heater.
I'd say we're doing okay.
I mean, what's he supposed to say there?
Why aren't you winning better is basically what he was asked.
Now, do you think it was question shaming or an appropriate response?
Or what do you got here, Biz?
Do I ever?
There's no such thing as a bad question.
It was a softball.
And we all know that Jack Hughes does not like doing media.
And I think he'd be the first one to tell you.
Isn't there an ongoing joke in New Jersey that like,
he's known as the guy who hates doing media, G?
Well, he won't come on checklets.
Maybe the best players start like kind of buying into doing media a little
bit.
Now here's the thing.
I laugh so hard because he's pretty fun.
He's like,
we're on a night.
Like the fact he said heater too.
He's like,
we're on a nine game heater.
Like just his reaction.
But everyone rip it on the question.
It wasn't that bad it
was just bringing up that there's some part of the game that they're struggling with like
it's not an amazing it's not the best question of all time but it definitely wasn't the worst
it was just a really good response i'll say as someone i mean as somebody who has been question
shamed and somebody who's a victim of that i will say his answer in this situation was
fucking hilarious i couldn't help but chuckle but it goes back to what you said with maybe these
stars of the nhl need to start answering these questions with a little bit more pizzazz a little
bit more excitement it's not easy being on the other side all right yes i think i've been
questioned shame more than you it's all about the answer because because sometimes not a great question can get an awesome answer.
You know what I mean? Because the person answering doesn't think it's a bad question.
They give you a fucking terrific answer. So that matters more than the question.
You could being the one who's interviewed, you could pretty much like make it good or bad.
You know, like you could give an answer where a horrible question you give a nice energetic solid answer and you
make the interviewer look a little better and you can get a good question and then kind of
embarrass the interviewer if you're looking to be a pricker in a grumpy mood so it's not always on
the person asking the questions now i'm a little biased in terms of what we do for a living but
you you understand what i'm saying a hundred percent i know i used to
tee up reporters with horrible questions i go on three minutes make them feel great about themselves
that's they never did that to me that's hey that's what i would do and mind you like i said
no such thing as a stupid question and and in some cases they bring up some of the most entertaining
moments in press conferences like adrian dater the year year when Colorado got beat out of the playoffs
when he said
why don't you
just say fuck it
remember
never seen McKinnon's face
can we run it
just so fans have some reference here
Nate you know I know you're a gamer
and all this
and uh you know i'm just thinking maybe out loud as far as in your shoes right now it's like all
right we've done all the thinking we can do we've done all the game planning we can do maybe maybe
you know just fuck it we'll just go in next year and just not think that anymore and just win this
thing when we don't take so much is that am i on the right path at all with this? Like, maybe you just guys think a little too much?
Oh.
Nice.
Last one here for Nathan.
Mark Spector, Sportsnet.
That's what I'm saying.
Like, you could have spun that into a great answer and said,
yeah, you know what?
Maybe we do go back home this offseason and say, fuck it.
And maybe he did, and that's why they won a Stanley Cup.
Thank you, Adrian Dator.
Sometimes you're just going to say, what the fuck?
Poking around, reading up on the New Jersey Devils.
Of course, they used to be the Kansas City Scouts back in the day for two years.
Then they went to Colorado before Jersey.
Well, the last four games, the Kansas City Scouts ever played,
I'm sorry, the last two, they were in Japan.
After the season ended, Washington and Kansas City,
they were the two newest expansion
teams the nhl had to go to japan to play either two or four games two different cities in japan
exhibition games so the last games the kansas city scouts ever played were exhibition games
in japan versus washington and then they moved to colorado crazy crazy thing like i don't know
players would go for that shit today you know nine months later there was 14 white kids who grew up to be
6'2 and nasty at hockey well okay that took a turn but i was just joking oh it's hilarious
no i'm laughing dude it's i like it because i mean hockey players are dogs and they're very
chased after by the women maybe maybe all that drinking with pasha
and celebrating the the devil's win street put me in a bit of a fog too that's my brother went to uh
japan was one of the stops my brother sean for his honeymoon it's actually incredibly said and
apparently like people are so short over there that like he's walking around and his wife is
about if not six feet she's 5 11 um they were like getting looked
at like it was it was ryan reynolds walking around with blake lively like it's like everyone's like
what the fuck he said it was crazy like people couldn't believe how tall they were
merle said they'd come up and would touch his wife like little kids would come up oh yeah blonde
beautiful woman merle's his wife yep yeah he would come up Oh yeah, blonde, beautiful woman, Merle's wife, yup
Yeah, he also said it was the best place he played
Because the food there was absolutely fucking incredible
He said the best food
He said the cleanest country he's ever stepped foot in, apparently
Before we go any further
I need to talk to you about No Days Wasted
Black Friday week is officially here
And No Days Wasted has you covered with their biggest sale of the year.
40 off all orders for Chiclets listeners.
40.
No Days Wasted is here so you don't wake up feeling awful after crushing the birdie juice and bruise while watching the games.
DHM Detox is the ultimate vitamin for when you drink.
It's perfect for holiday parties, when you're boozing, watching hockey.
And yes, I often hand them out at weddings.
I bring them to weddings now.
People enjoy them.
And it makes it just easier that next day.
There's no more feeling slow, sluggish, and useless
after the night of boozing.
It just takes just two capsules
after your first few drinks and it goes to work.
Double up with another packet if you're having a big night. DHM Detox is 100 risk-free purchase on your first box. So if you
don't love it, they'll refund you. That's right. They'll refund you at the very least. Give it a
shot. And if you don't like it, get your money back. Check out their recovery bundles for the
best experience. They're a combo of DHM Detox and Hydration Replenisher.
These are the only recovery products worth using because they work so damn well together.
No Days Wasted is starting Black Friday early for Chicklets listeners and is hooking you up with 40 off your order.
That's a ridiculous number.
Once again, 40 off.
your order. That's a ridiculous number. Once again, 40 off,
just head over to no days wasted.co and use promo code biz 40 for 40 off.
That's no days wasted.co for no days wasted after drinking with biz 40.
Not a big deal.
Biz the East is going to be crazy. New Jersey had a great spot.
Like I said, American Thanksgiving, it's a good time to be in a playoff spot, but right now, Detroit
and the Rangers are wildcard one and wildcard
two. 22 points each. Then you
got Florida with 20, Pittsburgh 19,
Montreal 19, Philly 18,
but Buffalo, huge belly flop.
Eight straight they lost. All the good
fives from a few weeks ago, gone.
14 points. The only team in the east
below them is Ottawa with 13.
How did it all fall apart so quick, Biz?
Before we get into Buffalo, and you mentioned being in a good spot,
I know we've mentioned this a few times.
Since the loser point was introduced, 75 of teams that are inside
the playoff picture at American Thanksgiving end up making playoffs.
So that's a pretty significant number.
Wait. giving end up making playoffs so that's a pretty significant number uh wait i i assume that at this
point that new jersey was going to be a bubble team i agree with you put them in a playoff spot
they're getting one of the top three spots in that metro division this this and the way that
some teams have surprised us is going to make for a very very interesting wild card race and there
are going to be one or two teams that we are shocked
that don't end up making playoffs.
Right now, just because of the injury situation,
and you can't really fault them from a play standpoint,
considering they have so much money on the IR as Washington.
So they got to hope to get these guys healthy and back in the lineup.
Obviously, Boston was another team we had a question mark about coming
in with the injuries that they had obviously not anymore we're gonna get the old fucking
lubriderm out with the double wrister stroke off for the boston bruins coming up here shortly
but to me the way that detroit's played the way that montreal's played and there's a few other
teams in the mix in there have just thrown a complete wrench in it.
And I'm very much looking forward to who's going to end up pulling up,
pulling a piece of the pie here in the East with Buffalo's.
This, this is, it's an eight game losing streak.
I believe right now all in regulation and all but one more than like two or
more goals they're losing by. So it's like, it's not even,
it's not even one of those ones you're like, Oh, we're losing OT games. We're losing by. So it's like, it's not even, it's not even one of those ones.
You're like, oh, we're losing OT games.
We're losing shootouts.
It's like, no, we stink.
So, I mean, in the middle of this getting hit with six feet of snow,
that's kind of a kick in the dick.
Not going to lie for the city of Buffalo and the players there.
Eichel's having a Mai Tai at the wind, just laughing his balls off.
His Vegas can't lose.
But I still, if Buffalo, if this turns into like they end up losing 13,
14 in a row, win a couple, lose another eight in a row,
then we're talking disaster.
But if they can get out of this, it's not to be,
it's not crazy to think that this was going to happen this year.
I know I kind of jumped right in and I bought right in,
but I think even if you talk to Kevin Adams,
they didn't think this was the year to make this huge step forward,
and they understood that there's still a lot of growing pains
to be done with this team.
Now, it's just tough to watch.
It's just tough to watch right now.
What else are you going to say?
I was criticized at the beginning of the year from a lot of Sabres fans
being like, you clearly have no idea what you're talking about
when I said that I could see them being still a lottery team.
And for more of the reason as to that's exactly where you want to be
because this team is not ready to win.
What's the one team I keep criticizing the most through their demise right now
is the Vancouver Canucks.
Why?
They rushed the rebuild.
They fucking rushed it.
Look where they're at right now. Probably as far as where they're trending, probably top eight worst organizations
to want to hop on that, on their train. So as far as bus Buffalo's concerned, yes. And this has
happened many years where they get off to this amazing hot start and then they fizzle away.
I understand that you want to create a winning culture. And if they have another year of where they fizzle off and it just gets ugly.
Yeah, it's going to suck.
But getting a top five pick is the important thing right now.
And if you have to endure one more year of it, I say, do it and do it now.
And if you lose a couple more, you're almost like, fuck, let's make it this year.
You don't want to be picking 10th to 15th.
I said that when we were doing our preseason predictions.
I know a few, but you Buffalo fans fucking,
just, you know, sending fucking anthrax somehow.
So whatever you got to do to get over your losing ways,
get over it.
But this is what this team needs to do
in order to be successful moving forward.
They do have some big pieces.
They got to keep adding them.
I think this is absolute best case scenario
for the Buffalo Sabres.
One, because they won enough games
to get the fans re-interested in this young core.
And now, like they said,
this upcoming draft is supposedly
like another generational draft.
They're super deep players.
Yeah, so like if you can lose,
but they still keep the fans
and the concessions high,
I think it's a win win for them.
So how about this from The Athletic?
I want to give the author Matthew Fairburn.
Why Kevin Adams is staying calm despite Sabres recent struggles.
Pretty good read, but this is what got me.
So this 4 a.m. curfews are killing us.
They got to they got to change it to 2 a.m.
The streak has pushed the Sabres down the standings and put a considerable dent in their playoff expectations.
Here we go.
Since the year 2000, no team has gone eight straight games
without a point and qualified for the postseason in the same season.
So basically, they're out of the playoffs.
And more than half of the teams who lost eight straight games in regulation
finished the season either worst or second to worst team in the league.
regulation finish the season either worst or second to worst team in the league so it's like that that's that's enough right there in 22 years to show that not getting a point in eight games
shows you're a pretty freaking bad team now injuries is playing a big part of it like you
mentioned right biz right yes but it kind of goes to show this team might end up being a lottery team,
as Biz said.
So I'm with G a little bit.
And here's the thing, though.
If you're going to lose the same way we were horrible Crosby's rookie year,
as long as you see young players,
if Dylan Cousins continues to play real well,
if Darlene continues to have a really good year,
if you're seeing younger players get better and as the season goes on and proven areas that they weren't good at at the beginning of the year, then it's OK, along with getting a high draft pick.
But if you're seeing guys take step backwards and stuff, that's when the panic begins to set in.
And one of the main reasons I said that they were probably going to be a lottery team was because they had no goaltending.
So it's like this is I don't necessarily think this isn't something that they don't want.
And you mentioned the strength of the draft coming up.
So,
all right.
I don't know if you want to chime in on it,
but I agree with you.
Just keep the morale high G get the concessions buzzing,
sell a bunch of big deal brews,
get fucked up and enjoy the draft.
It's funny.
Montreal team.
I mentioned,
I mean,
they're only three points back of the wildcard.
People thought they might be in lottery territory,
but dude, they are. I mean, I'm a Bru points back of the wildcard. People thought they might be in lottery territory, but dude, they are.
I mean, I'm a Bruins guy, but they are.
They are such a fun team
to watch, man. They don't quit. Like the other day,
Caulfield with 1.8 seconds left, they tie the
game and end up winning late. I mean,
they're fucking a really fun team
to watch. So our buddy
Jeff Lones, he was at the game
in Montreal where
Caulfield tied it up in the last few seconds
he said by the time the game started every seat was full not the hey toronto fans take note not
70 still doing concessions or ketokes in the in the vip bathroom in the in the gold section get
out there and be ready for fucking puck drop and to see that organization and that team like
rejuvenated and those fans
going fucking bonkos like they are man would that be like a fun sneaky eight seed to see that crowd
going again so uh he's done an incredible job there and i'm happy for kirby doc i'm happy for
a lot of guys in that lineup who uh who are starting to show some young promise another
another example of like ah is this great like kind of didn't we want to be bad
this year it's it's a crazy game dude for hockey related revenue i think that uh montreal getting
in would be a great thing for everybody and getting that salary they're not making the
playoffs though there's zero chance okay but you just said too you don't want to be in that 10 to
15 that's what i'm saying they They're going to be the Flyers.
They're going to be the Canucks.
Yeah, but I have no emotional connection to the Montreal Canadiens.
I kind of do to Buffalo in a sense where they've missed playoffs, what,
11 seasons in a row now?
I'm sympathizing for these guys.
I want them to have some sustained relevance.
How many fucking cups has Montreal won?
Let's snap it around here.
Is it longer than 11?
It's the NHL record. And another thing, too is like uh we don't need them being close
because we don't need the league handing them another first overall pick when the fucking coyotes
should be getting it so i got reasons as to what i'm saying out of my mouth here gentlemen go yo
all right i mentioned we'll probably be drafting fifth because there's four elite prospects that
are coming up for Fox X too.
Yeah, future players on other teams.
I mentioned the Bruins a second ago.
I purposely left them out last week because I know we talk about them a lot, but when they're playing this good, we have to talk about them.
The only team Jersey's chasing as of Monday afternoon, the Bruins,
they're hitting the record books as well.
They've been ragged on everybody.
Granted, they've had some cupcakes.
Did you see the game Saturday night versus the Blackhawks?
I've pretty much seen all of them Saturday night.
I was out to dinner,
but we could see it from the table.
It's just,
I don't remember seeing a team like this to start a season in a long time.
I mean,
this is utter shit kickings and I respect you bringing up that the schedule
hasn't exactly been tough,
but now I think they got coming up in the next nine.
I believe they have Tampa twice, Florida twice, Carolina twice, Vegas twice.
I know I'm saying everyone's twice.
It's not everyone, but they have the next nine difficult.
Besides, they got the coyotes in there.
Shut up.
Colorado twice the cup champs.
But yeah, they look like the Globetrotters.
Granted, the Blackhawks, the front office is sucking hard for Bedard, but they look
like they're on the power play. I had to count the Blackhawks, the front office is sucking hot for Bedard, but they look like they're on the power play.
I had to count the Blackhawks on the ice like five times during the game.
It was insane.
It was insane.
And there's so many guys who can pump their tire.
We'll start off with Patrice Bergeron, who I've said since the show began,
is just one of the all-time greats, a Hall of Famer, no doubt, first ballot.
For him to be one point away, and tonight they're in Tampa,
it could be tonight, for him to be one point away from 1,000 points
and have the  when everyone thinks of him, it's the defense.
It's the two-way play.
And, like, this guy's still a 1,000-point guy.
It's just amazing to watch him continue.
Pasternak is playing better than he ever has.
Oh, my God.
He looks like he's at a completely different level, and what
a season to have it, because he's going to get
paid up the hoop. He's going to
crush the Bruins, although maybe he won't. Maybe
he'll be a part of that. Kent Hughes
talking about Patrice Bergeron always
taking less. That was on the Chris
Nyland podcast. We can get into that a little bit.
But then I look at the rest of the team. There's so many
guys. When your team's this good, it's like
every guy's doing a job.
So you can't talk about everyone.
But I said to my buddy, when Charlie Coyle's center in the fucking third line,
you know you have a Stanley Cup possible team.
And Hampus Lindholm, what he did with McAvoy out, holy shit.
I mean, he's out in Anaheim, and you know a good player when you see him.
But I didn't know he was this good.
The way he carries the puck, the amount of minutes he could play just an incredible player McAvoy
looks like he didn't even have surgery it's like what happened to guys struggling after surgery
Marshawn had 14 hip surgeries he's fucking 14 points in 10 games I came back from one ankle
surgery I couldn't even skate anymore these guys are just it's it's shocking and the amount of
depth they have and Matt Murley, what a loser.
One of my best friends, an amazing guy. Awesome. Check out chicks, et cetera.
New and he has got a new name coming out soon. He's a loser though.
He talked to us about Montgomery.
He talked to us about this guy is one of the best coaches he's ever seen.
Why isn't Merle's up 50 grand bet on the Bruins this year?
He hasn't won a dollar on him. He's an idiot,
but Montgomery just gets through to these guys.
And, and I, and it's all Mark.
There's just so many different players you can mention,
but look around the league and look at this lineup up and down.
And you can't tell me.
And without like the start is one thing,
but now you look at how they're playing and you see where guys are
slotting and they could win the Stanley cup.
Are you fucking kidding me? And guys, I saw somewhere. What if they get in on Patrick Kane?
Imagine the top six if they somehow got Patrick Kane because Patrick Kane's going somewhere. We
haven't mentioned that. We haven't mentioned the Bruins at all. And nobody mentioned the Bruins,
but this is it. How much do they have in caps? I don't know.
It would have to.
The cap's an issue.
The Bruins are as all in as a team has ever been.
So don't sleep on that.
Wow.
What a fucking hot take.
Think about it.
This is it.
This is legit it for the Bruins this season.
All right.
Get your hands out of your pants.
I'm all in.
I'm all in with it.
I love that.
Give me Patrick Kane to Boston right now.
And what the fuck?id crachy what did he go over to check and lose nine years of his like on what the hell happened oh he
was he was better than he ever looked no he was in joggers hyperbaric chamber for the year forgot
about that that's a drinking out of the fountain of youth butt chugging out of it um well let's
have g chiming he's another bro and i was gonna ask you guys quickly uh it seems like derrick forbert's getting a lot of love online he's a shot blocking machine
a good depth defenseman i think though well he i thought he came back i thought he came back into
the lineup because i saw some tweets like forbert's back forbert's back where i'm like wow this guy's
did he play the other night no people are loving him though biz like he's been like the guy that
every all the bruins fans are like he's a shot blocking machine he lives and breathes bruins hockey
yeah i i'm asking i'll be the first one to tell you i have not been watching the bruins a ton i've
been watching other teams i mean fuck i've been watching the kraken out west here for fucking
fine maybe i should switch it over before g goes we interviewed him i i gotta find out what felino
did this summer too
people are saying he's fine they help biz this guy i know you haven't seen him he's snapping
the puck around he had a couple assists the other night he looks like fucking mcdavid well that was
a big concern because like basically the way he came into the year was he signed what a two-year
deal at eight million so he's making four million a year and that's a that's a lot of money to have
on your fourth line and you know he didn't play that great last year.
So to see him have a bounce back year,
you know that something changed about his training regimen.
I don't know if he had an injury last year
that he wasn't really letting people know about.
But it seems like everyone's just fucking buzzing right now
for the Bruins, G.
You can't say that Hampus Lindholm isn't a Norris candidate
at this point in the year.
Whoa, I don't know. You tell me. Point per game? Yeah, I would say. And playing, yeah, he is. you can't say that Hampus Lindholm isn't a Norris candidate at this point in the year. Whoa.
I don't know.
You tell me her game.
Yeah.
I would say.
And,
and playing what,
yeah,
he is now what's going to happen is with McAvoy coming back,
it's going to dwindle down in terms of points and ice time a little bit,
but what a player.
I like how they're separating them too.
Like with McAvoy coming back,
you're not seeing the old McAvoy Lindholm combo.
You're seeing the McAvoy Grizzlyzzly-Carlo-Lindholm.
And I think that's fucking unbelievable.
How's Carlo been since the last Conky RA?
I know there's been like, fuck, he's had what?
About five or six of them in his career?
Too many.
He's been pretty solid out there.
I mean, he's the type of guy, Biz, when you don't notice him,
it's a good thing because he's not screwing up.
He's not an offensive dynamo.
He chips in here and there, but
I think he's looked all right out there. Back
to a foreboard. He's got a basset hound named
Dollar, the dog. It's like 12 years old.
I guess he walks around the north end
of Boston. He's like a celebrity
in the neighborhood. The dog is a she, rather.
Dollar. Everybody knows about Dollar,
the basset hound. I don't think he's
married or anything. I think it's just him and his basset hound.
I think you just teed him up for a few regions also uh
mcavoy sent me um he he partnered up with polka dog which i think is like a dog
treat food company that's where i really got his birthday cake for his mop yeah rocket fuel treat
so the fucking dog that ran me over was probably on a cocaine version
of the rocket fuel from Polka Dog and McAvoy.
But pretty nice for him to send a sick hat.
Hey, my dog loves him.
I gave Ravioli a couple of those treats,
and she will not stop begging for him.
She loves those things.
Back to the bees biz.
They won their first three, lost one.
One seven in a row, lost one.
They've won the last six.
16-2, 11-0 at home.
Ties the NHL record for longest season open and home win streak they put on the line Friday.
Back to Patrick Kane.
That's not going to happen.
Patrick Kane ain't coming to the Bruins.
I hate to put fucking water in the room with boys.
I do not believe that is going to happen at all.
It's just too complex with their cap situation.
It's just not a move the Bruins would make.
Not going to happen.
What do you got for one year
with Bergeron and Krejci possibly
gone? And we'll see. I don't know how
big of a fan wit is of the Boston
Bruins. I think he's happy that his hometown team's
doing well, but R.A. and Grinnell, I'm going to promise
to not watch any games
and I'm going to stay as far away as possible
because I've reverse mushed
the Bruins. So all of you
Bruins fans, you're welcome for this incredible start.
I said they would not make playoffs this year.
They're probably going to win the president's trophy
and go all the way to the cup finals, baby.
Thank you, Biz.
You're welcome.
18-1, baby.
You're welcome.
You're welcome, New Jersey.
See, I hopped off the Buffalo hate train.
What happens?
Eight game losing streak.
Maybe I got to start hating them again.
Whit just mentioned Patrice Bergeron
and GM from Montreal, Ken Hughes.
He was on our buddy Chris Nyland and Tim Stapleton's
podcast, Rod Knuckles, and he talked about Bergeron
and how he's left so much
money on the table. Basically, the Habs were
willing to give him nine and a half million, and he said
nope, six, five. Like what Sid
said a few years ago, got to take less
to win, and like Mosh John refuses
to take any more money than Bergeron
makes. It was a great interview. I mean, if you haven't listened to it yet let me roll the clip here all right let me roll
the clip and then his next deal came up and he called he goes what do you think i'm worth i said
highest paid players eight and a half million i think at the time it was i think it was perry and
getzlaff actually were the two highest and i said you're you're, you're, you're nine and a half. He's like,
how did I become nine and a half? And I said, well, you're because you're better in my opinion.
And because there's a team four and a half hours, north and northeast of here, who
would, is there your team's greatest rival.
They're dying for a first-line center.
They're dying for a captain.
It was just a premium.
And he said, yeah, but if I make that kind of money, we'll never win.
And I want to win.
I want six and a half.
I was like, six and a half?
You've got to be kidding me.
And I said to him, that like that's great the problem is you
can't make everybody else take less yeah and he always said all i can do is lead by example i'll
do my part and it'll be up to everybody else whether they want to fall in line or not and
that type of character there's a reason why the bruins have had that kind of success and brad
marshall refused to take more than patrice Bergeron. There you go.
I mean, it showed out knuckles and tapes.
They're doing a hell of a job.
Awesome.
Knuckles, he's the best man.
He's like, so he doesn't beat around the bush and not.
And he's plain spoken.
He's a great interviewer.
So if you haven't checked it out, by all means.
But I mean, Bruins fans know what Bergeron's been doing this for years.
But imagine, I mean, what do you think he's left on the table?
You guys wouldn't need this much.
What you should be thanking him for is the fact that he's essentially from a leadership
perspective set the foundation and set them up for success for how many years now by doing that
because every guy gets bumped down like a million or two bucks and that's when you get the money to
go spend on those guys that you're going to need come uh come grind time so to hear that and then
of course there were some people chiming in like
yeah right he was gonna make more than those top end players around the league like Getzloff and
Perry he had 10 goals in the lockout year and that was a year you don't shut the fuck up dude you
think people cared about a half season we're talking about Patrice Bergeron here one of the
best two-way centers to ever play the game the guy was getting nine and a half wherever he wanted it
other than if you know it so so to hear that was absolutely redonkulous.
Yeah, it is crazy.
I mean, he's probably left 15, 20 million on the table.
But, I mean, it's unfortunate.
Who would you rather have?
Let's start a GoFundMe.
Let's start a GoFundMe.
Bergeron.
Yeah, I mean, I'm 100 Bergeron.
Throwing it out there to people listening.
Evgeny Malkin or Patrice Bergeron?
I think Malkin's far, far more inconsistent than Bergeron. Throwing it out there to people listening. Evgeny Malkin or Patrice Bergeron? I think Malkin's far, far more inconsistent than Bergeron is.
I think that you're fucking, you got your Bruins undies on.
I think it's a great argument, but look at Evgeny Malkin's career, bro.
Just take a look.
Didn't we go through the hypothetical of when Ovechkin was drafted,
was it a Russian-Russian for number one and two?
Did Malcolm go second overall?
Yeah, if Pittsburgh won it that year, they could have had Ove and Sid.
Imagine that.
Yeah, because they were the first two guys to go 1-2
to play 1,000 games with the same franchise.
Really?
With the same team, yeah.
But this is something that we said that we were going to talk about and like do you guys think it's more valid like better for
the penguins that they got sid and malkin because it's 100 up the middle as opposed to a center and
right wing and then they got stall and they had three monster centers and it was yeah stalls he
was just there for one of the cups but it's crazy to think if Ovi and Sid were together now,
Pittsburgh had won it.
They probably wouldn't have got handed the lottery when they gave it to him for Sid the following year or whatever it was.
But I think that having two centers, 100 percent, if you're looking at building a team,
you'd rather that than a monster center and a monster winger.
Yeah. As far as like players on the I mean, of of course a top end defenseman like kale macar or
victor headman he can lug 30 minutes but i don't think that anybody can impact the game like a
centerman does right from the goalie that's it okay yeah well so i'm third in line now
so my example went basically to shit but if you could control the middle of the ice
you're in very very very good shape good shape. No doubt, boys.
Moving it along here.
Another team started out shitty, but the Blues, they had an eight-game losing streak.
They've been 6-0 since.
They got the swagger back.
They went from second to last in the league to second wildcard.
Now just three back of third place in the Central.
Basically, Biz, they just got back to the way they're capable of playing.
Ryan O'Reilly turned it on.
But what was funny, the mom strip, they went 2-0 in the mom strip,
Colorado and Chicago, but they made sure not to play in the mom strip in Vegas.
They didn't want the moms in Vegas.
That could have been a shit show.
But interesting, though, we were talking the other day,
do guys play better when the moms or dads are there
just because it's a little bit of extra incentive?
I think that any type of way to spice things up at that point
and where St. Louis was, was, was going to be beneficial.
But I always think that the,
I'd be interested to see what the stats are on,
on whether who won more of the dad's trip or the mom's trip,
or how many teams in fact, when, when either of them are on that trip,
but definitely,
especially when you get the morale up with a dinner a few nights before the
game or even the night before. But as far as St.
Louis is concerned, two, two major things that have stood out.
Their PK was atrocious to start the year.
And when you're leaking oil on PK, when you can't get that fucking big kill,
you're not going to win a lot of hockey games.
So Craig McTavish, who was an assistant there, I think he was running power play.
I think that they switched it up and have also switched up the way that they're killing. And I want to say relieved him
of his duties and the penalty kill, but they've, you know, they've went in a different direction.
And then of course the play of Ryan O'Reilly, like, I think that as you get older, you slow
down a little bit, you know, you, you don't pack that same punch. I think that he was really
struggling offensively. I think he might've even only had one goal up until that point
when they started that win streak.
Even to the point where my hearing, he was even saying,
hey, you can take back my ice time.
I'm trying to be accountable by saying I am not earning anything
that I'm getting right now.
And when you hear a captain being accountable like that,
and on top of not going poopy pants or sulking,
you know he's going to be the first guy in
the gym he's going to be as focused as ever you always see when they ever they have like the
hockey night in canada or the national broadcast he's in the hallway getting ready hours and hours
before the game and getting focused in so him getting back to his old self has definitely
helped lead the charge and get this team back and i i forget who the goal was against was it against vegas the other night the backhand the one where he came out and fucking backhanded roof job top
corner incredible where grandma holds the where grandma hides the the the weed brownies you got
a shout out buchnevich too and and like a quiet uh 76 points last year over a point per game
monster coming over from the Rangers.
He was injured a little bit, I believe,
and then he was second star of the week.
I think he had like seven or eight points in the four games.
So he got going.
Kairou wasn't doing anything.
He got going.
It was almost a matter of time, and maybe that sounds stupid,
but that team was too good to end up playing,
to continue playing the
way they were and we went back to uh we talked about barubi chief finally lost it i think there
was a tweet about him just screaming f-bombs non-stop at one point in the practice like guys
what is going on so um another example of of now granted this was quick, but Armstrong's pretty cool, calm, and collected, right?
He's seen what happened last place in January onto the Stanley Cup.
So he's willing to ride or die with these guys.
And they had to pick it up at some point, and they did.
Yeah, I mean, they definitely turned it on, like you said, O'Reilly.
But I want to ask you, like, boys, when you're on a team like this, does it just click like one day?
Like, all right, the guy should tell himself, should I get off the pot?
Like, you've been on a bunch of teams, good, bad.
Like how does it just all of a sudden they flip the switch?
Well, it's just, it's, it's just a complete lack of confidence.
Like even good teams can, you know,
they lose five in a row and you feel like the world is, is,
is coming down and, you know, even, even like just a basic breakout pass,
you know, you feel like the,
the window and the guy's blades about two inches wide. Right. So it just, sometimes it can compound RA and, you know you feel like the the window and the guy's blades about two inches wide right so it just sometimes it can compound ra and you know i mentioned the special teams didn't help
and they're you know they were just they were not playing very good hockey they look slow they
weren't paying with place our pace excuse me and i think when when the when st louis is successful
it's like they're getting contributions from all lines and they tend to wear teams down. They play like good structured hockey where they like playing below the goal lines, low goal line, low to high.
So they just and also sometimes when you lose such a massive piece like a Perron, it throws things off because sometimes they were leaning on him to make that big play in moments where the game was tied.
And that also throws a wrench in even your power play because he was a guy where the power play would
go through so um sometimes just getting used to used to new personnel in certain situations
takes a little bit of time as well good stuff it usually comes down to just getting that first win
i mean they when when they lost to philly five to1, it's like, oh, my God. Then they beat the Sharks.
They got a 5-3 win.
They beat the Knights.
They beat the Avs.
But it's getting that first win.
I think they beat the Sharks 5-3.
For the most part, it's usually really hard to end that streak.
It's going to be like a grinded-out game.
We end up winning by one goal.
I know they won 5-3.
But to get out of it
it's just we need a win it's like we need one win i don't care if it's one nothing eight one
four three it doesn't matter i don't even care if we play bad and we win we just have to win a game
and then like everything could change the next day's attitude in the room the music bumping
after the win the guys hanging out more it's just like all these things need to end with a win. And they finally got it and they've gone.
And R.A., it always resorts back to the bottle.
There's a reason why the moms were not in Vegas.
They were having a tough, tough go.
They said, we need to fucking go out.
We need to see the sparklers.
We need to get shit faces a team.
And we need to string some wins together.
And that's what's happened.
Yeah, you find out so-and-so's mother was that, what's it thunder from down under running around the australian time to
move on yeah all right time to move on not everybody is a fan of st louis our buddy scotty
dylan chicklets cup pal he had something to say about uh st louis do you want to roll it you heard
it here first it's the worst city in the country worst place to play it was the first team on my
no trade clause agreement that i didn't want to go to.
I mean, he was having some fun there.
We know he's a stand-up comedian, but Kelly Chase, not a big fan.
He was a blues, hot, and soul guy.
He retorted on Twitter, hey, buddy, not sure what I'm more surprised at,
your comment or the fact that somebody gave you a no trade list.
You didn't need to put us on it.
We've got a good enough scouting staff that there was no chance of you being here anyways and he tagged him appropriately scott down 33 i
mean i can fire him right back and then chaser chaser chose violence maybe it wasn't the bottle
maybe berube is playing that clip before every game getting the boys fired up so public enemy
number one scott darling in st lou Louis. And a little bit of fireworks.
Downtown St. Louis is not exactly like the best place in the world.
I think it's a great place to play.
I had a great training camp.
I didn't miss any pretty impacts.
And I did go out for a night and I had a lovely night with a lady.
So St. Louis has been very good to me.
I can't, no complaints here, guys.
The downtown isn't beautiful.
The surrounding suburbs where the guys live are awesome.
There's a reason people play there and stay there.
So I understand what Darling's like saying
in terms of like downtown nightlife.
But in the end, people love being a member of the Blues.
And I wouldn't fucking go near Kelly Chase if I was darling.
He will ring him up and just straight up knock his teeth out.
It's Kelly Chase we're talking about, guys, here.
And I think if you went through the number of guys who play in a place
and end up staying there, it's one of the highest-ranked places.
And that's probably why they have such an established alumni program,
probably at the top of the league. They have their own dressing room.
They have their own facility.
So I think St. Louis is a,
is a lovely place that people like settling down in. So I can,
I can hear you on the downtown though, Whit.
And then when the blues beat up the Hawks, the team,
Twitter took a shot hush, little darling, don't say a word.
So they fired back at him, but I think, yeah,
Dallin versus Kelly Chase,
that would be off the board. They wouldn't even have a line for
that in a sports book. But it's
Kelly Chase. Yeah, exactly. Boys, I
think we should maybe send it over to Sean McMorrow right about
now. Yep. This was an awesome interview. Like we
mentioned, high energy, a really good
guy with a crazy story.
And stay involved
and listen to the entire thing because
it's wild and we really appreciate him coming on.
So thanks to Sean McMurrow.
Enjoy.
This interview is brought to you by Cross Country Mortgage CCM Listens.
They've been a sponsor of the Spit and Chicklets podcast for a while now and boy do they ever.
They understand and they communicate throughout the entire loan process.
They provide more loan options tailored to your professional and financial capabilities.
Innovative technology focusing on the importance
to fulfill your loan needs.
Faster closing times than the competition.
Stable monthly payments and low to no down payments.
Access your equity to use for larger expenses
from debt consolidation to home renovation.
Guys, I'm going through home renovation right now.
CCM takes the stress off your plate so you can keep it for that contract of yours.
Anyway, see if you qualify today.
Visit ccm.com slash barstool.
That's ccm.com slash barstool.
Cross-country mortgage, LLC,c nmls 3029 all loans are subject to either
underwriting approval excuse me keep it on the rails busy boy ccm cross country mortgage they
listen all right it's a pleasure to welcome our next guest to the show this bruising forward was
taken in the eighth round of the 2000 draft by the Buffalo Sabres
and has played professionally for 14 seasons in four different leagues.
He also holds the world record for the most pro hockey fights in one season with 86.
Thanks a bunch for joining us on the Spittin' Chicklets podcast, Sean McMorrow.
How's it going, my friend?
It's going absolutely incredible guys i am ecstatic
to be on spitting chiclets i wanted to be on your guy's show for years so thanks guys for finally
letting me in holy shit the energy this guy's bringing all right great intro but the one thing
that stuck out not even the backdrop here i don't know how many people are watching on youtube
look at the fucking hands on the guy went look at the fucking these guys i was a i was a grappler biz come on 86 told me he wouldn't go near you he was like no
no no no this wasn't my this this was the sheriff around my time in the ohl and you were i think
three years older than me and you were the guy in the locker room. Guys were like, stay the fuck away from this guy.
Let him sleep.
And we prayed to God, we could just get out of this one alive, guys.
But see, the thing is, Biz, is a guy like me, like you would be able to say, buddy,
you don't you don't play enough to fight me.
Right.
So you were a tough guy, but you were also a really good player.
Right.
I was a tough guy and I was an OK player.
You know, what's ironic is I used to use that line and then it used to get dropped to me
as I made it to the higher levels, buddy.
There's levels to it, Biz.
There's levels to it.
But man, honestly, Biz, I'm a huge fan of yours, buddy.
I know that you're a lot younger than me.
And the three years, I appreciate you saying
that we're that close, but you know, I'm an old man.
I'm 40 years old, buddy.
You look like you're about 30.
Oh, I appreciate that. You haven't been up close to him though so hey man we're not here to talk about me we're here to talk about you and your crazy career all
these fights that you got into how you even got into hockey to begin with and just like your
your journey through this amazing sport so i guess we'll start at the beginning
where were you born how did you get into hockey and playing?
Well, I was born in Vancouver.
My parents moved out to Vancouver in the 70s
when it was booming, building up the city.
Me and my three siblings were all born there,
but we moved back to Toronto biz when I was six years old.
And that's really when the hockey time started for me.
You got older brothers?
Are you the oldest?
I am the oldest brother,
but I do have an older sister and I got two younger brothers, man,
that you do not want to meet in a dark alley, my friend.
So you spent your life.
So of all the people you gave beatings to around all these different leagues,
those two got at the worst.
Well, yes. And I'm'm gonna take credit for that sir
because you know what these two are two pretty big characters i mean the one is the personal
bodyguard for abel testafe aka the weekend the biggest rb uh music star in the world okay so
he's his bodyguard so to be a bodyguard you got to be a little tough and i think the older brothers
should take the credit for toughening the man up.
You should get front row seats, at least for the concert.
Let's talk about the weekend's revolving door in Toronto.
How about that one?
What do you got there?
What do I got here?
I got an authentic XO jacket that Patrick McMorrow let me use for the show.
You know what I mean?
So this is it right here, gentlemen. This is, you know, hey, my siblings are superstars, so I have to pump them up whenever they're brought up.
You know what I'm saying?
That's awesome.
We're going to bring the whole, it's going to be a family affair, R.A.
What do you think?
Oh, absolutely.
Sean, when did the fighting come into the picture?
On the ice, off the ice, just having brothers around?
How did that all start up?
Okay, so obviously two younger brothers, three bros in the family.
There's going to be fighting growing up.
So, like, I have to say that that did happen.
But honestly, guys, like, it's really just the fact that There's going to be fighting growing up. So I have to say that that did happen.
But honestly, guys, it's really just the fact that I was a really big kid growing up.
I'm 6'4 now.
I got to be six feet by the time I was 13.
By the time I hit Tier 2 Junior A, I played for the Pickering Panthers.
I was a stay-at-home defenseman. I was actually still a good player at the time.
But there was a role that was open.
That was a big part of the team.
This is back in 1999, right guys, when fighting was still a big part of the game.
And you know what?
I was the fifth, sixth defenseman, 16 year old rookie.
And they said, you know what?
If you feel confident, why don't you show us what you got?
And guys, to be honest with you, the first time I did it, I was one to know the second
time I did it, I was two and oh the second time i did it i was two
and oh i think you guys know the pattern so i was just really good at it and i was surprised i'm an
ali fan i love boxing i've always been interested in it but you know i found something that i was
good at and i kept going because it really helped me with hockey could there been any prior training
to it like were you already boxing like honestly biz i've probably been in about
maybe maybe a handful of fights off the ice to that point
okay you're you're like all right to be here i have to do this i'm good at it boom here we go
so you're just now you're in the ohl as a 16 year old right yeah so the next the following season i
was actually and I have to
say this because us fourth liners biz, you know, this us fourth liners, all of us, when we were
younger, we usually were not fourth liners. So at that time, guys, second round pick the Sarnia
33rd overall Mark hunters hand handpicked by Mark Hunter. Right. And right away, I was a stay-at-home defenseman,
but Mark told me that I was the guy for Sarnia,
that I had to step up and show my physical play.
So I just did it.
I was going back to the,
I was staying with the juniors, Rad.
He played three years,
but you were on six different teams.
Was that a case of...
Are you calling me a suitcase?
Hell yeah.
No, a suitcase in juniors is even crazier.
I always say that just means another team wants you.
That's all.
What was the case?
I mean, it's not common to have six different teams in three years.
Was that a case of the front office is getting sick of you or a certain
scenario going on?
What's the deal with all that?
Here's my excuse, guys.
Now, I was involved with the Mississauga ice dogs bis you can back me
up on this okay i was there when jason spezza was the the anticipated first overall pick it was
either him or kovalchuk so don cherry own team 12 tough guys on the team i'm one of them we're not
very good okay rick vive was our coach we have two wins at Christmas time. Spezza demands the trade. Bobby Orr is like, look, man, if my guy's going to go first overall, he can't be on a last place team. He shipped off to Windsor for about 100 players. A bunch of us got dispersed throughout the league. Okay. We had Brian McGratton on our team, Dan Sullivan, Chad Weiser, a bunch of good players michael mole won that that reality show back in the day um so yeah i so that was that was it i got traded to
kingston i was in kingston for two weeks and then the hunters who originally drafted me got me over
to the london knights so i was on three of those teams gentlemen in about two months so let's erase
those teams i only played for about two or three teams in the old you know what i'm saying yeah okay so i was gonna ask you when you were coming in the league like
who were the big names that ended up moving on brian mcgrath was one of them that you just
mentioned but going back to that mole thing real quick was that the reality show they did in canada
where you would earn a tryout for what is it like an original six team or something yes yeah what was
the name of it you know what because i can't remember the name but you're absolutely correct the winner of
the reality show was gonna earn an nhl invite to a team and he ended up going so mike moe won it
he ended up going to the ottawa senators camp and we're the same age we're 82s right biz so
we're still friends to date now isn't that crazy? There were some fucking benders in that show too,
like legit men's leagues players looking for a contract.
But going back to the guys you had to fight when you first stepped in,
like Brian McGratton, like who were the other guys?
I think Josh Gratton was still around, wasn't he?
Yeah, Josh Gratton was there.
John, remember Big Johnny Erskine, man?
Big Johnny Erskine was there.
I remember him in the NHL.
Yep.
Andrew Peters was there.
I got the chance to play with him in Kitchener. We had Mike Mazzkine was there nhl yep andrew peters was there i got the chance to play with
him in kitchener um we had mike mazuka was there uh there was a lot of guys um trevor gillies was
just leaving the league when i got there so those are the guys that you had to fist fight now if you
had to go back to some of your most iconic fights in junior which one would you look back to
specifically because sometimes when we get the fighters on all of a sudden our our listeners want to go down these rabbit holes oh yeah oh yeah
i'm sure you got a bunch of guys on the list oh yeah so so our buddy um uh bam bam cam
cam jansen's oh jesus yeah yeah now now just imagine he's in windsor i'm in london right so
same division you know we had some really good battles.
It was my last year, actually, when he first came into the league
because I think he's
Biz, what are you talking about, bud?
How old are you, Biz?
You look 30.
I'm an 85.
You are an 85.
When I stepped in the league, guys like Cam, I was afraid of Cam Jansen.
Yeah, because he was an 84, right?
Yeah, and I'm pretty sure he would even tell you
I think he was sticking needles in his ass.
Oh, yes.
Yeah.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, yes.
Were you on the juice when you were playing?
Not at that time.
More so when you got to pro and then the heavyweight.
Okay, so, and you can attest to this.
You're three years after me, but the 2004-2005 lockout season there was a lot of rules that were implemented into the
game but for guys like us our agents would have called us well you may not have been at pro yet
it might have been like your last year junior i'm not sure if you're gonna ask if my agent was
hawking to stick needles in my ass.
No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no.
You would have got a call from your agent saying, look,
if you're taking anything, stop.
Because they're starting to test these training camps coming up.
This was in the summer when they,
when they made the CBA agreements or whatever.
So anybody that was taking performance enhancers that year if they thought they were
going to be under nhl contract stop doing that so i may or may not have done that before the rules
changed okay so i i quickly uh wit when i was in training camp with the coyotes one year i was
doing this jack 3d and yeah yeah and so it's like a pre-workout, but like with like
cracking it and, and Yans was like, Hey man, I'm pretty sure that's on the bands list. And sure,
sure. Shit. It was, I was mixing two scoops of this stuff before every practice. I I'm pretty
sure I actually got tested when I was on it, but luckily I flew under the radar. So now like,
how did you even like go about getting steroids? Like who did, like, did you just go to your local gym and like kind of check out the guys
who had the knee, like the needle marks or just the really jack guys or what?
I mean, to be honest with you, Biz, I think the first link that I had was a summer job
that I had as a, as a car jockey at a car dealership.
And you know, those, those car salesmen, they're all like, you know what I mean?
And some of them are, you know, some of their suits are, you know, they got the, it looks
like they got a fitted shirt on, but they really don't.
So I think, I think I'm going to ask one of those guys, man, where are those supplements
at?
I want to look like you and biz.
That is fucking, that is like, what were your summer workouts?
Like just, just chucking the weights around.
Well, I mean, at that, at that point, like when I was under contract with Buffalo, like just, just chucking the weights around. Well, I mean, at that, at that point,
like when I was under contract with Buffalo,
like there was a couple of years that I didn't even score and like,
they were very happy with me at my year end meeting. So,
so I realized that, you know what I mean? Like,
like maybe I don't need to like take a shooting class, like a,
like, you know what I mean?
Like I just need to kind of hit the bench a little bit more and be
stronger. And, and, and, you know,
like there was a lot of meatheads in the AHL and NHL at that time.
Cause we're talking to early two thousands here, right?
Gentlemen, you go into the meeting.
You're like, I haven't scored 300 games.
You're like, great job, Sean.
This is amazing.
Yeah.
Yeah.
For real.
But, um, so you got, you got your chance and, and and Biz had told me that kind of the backstory,
you got to play one NHL game, but the backstory and the game it was
was pretty special, right?
Can you fill everyone in on that?
Absolutely.
I mean, I love talking about it.
I mean, I know I'm being kind of silly here, guys, but I'll try to be a little
Oh, you deserve it, man.
No, buddy.
I'll try to be a little bit more serious.
So don't be serious.
I'm a Canadian kid from from scarborough that's what i
like to say i'm hoping that that might be the name of a book down the road the canadian kid from
scarborough so let's let's look at a typical saturday night for sean mcmorrow a typical
saturday for sean mcmorrow was walking over to his grandparents to my grandfather's house
watching saturday watching saturday night hockey night in Canada Toronto Maple Leafs versus whoever they were playing and drinking hot chocolate with raisin bran toast
and really enjoying that type of atmosphere that's how I grew up so my call up my first year pro
20 years old I'm getting called up to play against the toronto maple leafs saturday night hockey night
in canada just like the canadian kid from scarborough grew up so for me it like literally
clicheingly was a dream come true my man oh that's so it really was a game in toronto it was at the
air canada center now known as the scotia bank arena it was biz honestly it really was goosebumps goosebumps
do you even pre-game that but hey you probably lost money with the amount of tickets you had
to buy i did because they were mandatory the 150 tickets and i just said about you know about 23
25 people at the game and me in an eighth rounder you know my entry level wasn't that big bro so
you know so but it was worth it biz it was worth it
and um so remember the details remember the details of the game i remember the details
buddy it was only one game no i know that's why i'm thinking you must have that whole game like
ingrained in your mind well let's go shift by shift so it won't take very long okay who has
the worst pizza of the game okay so okay so let me tell you this backdrop just real quick.
So now this was at the time that the U.S. had invaded Iraq, okay?
So now, I don't know if you guys remember,
but there was a game in Montreal that got a lot of attention
because, as you guys know,
the U.S. wasn't the most favorite country around the world.
People really didn't agree.
In fact,ada didn't
support the u.s in this war right so in montreal when the u.s anthem came on this was the weekend
before i got called up the whole place was booing at the bell center i don't it might have been the
forum at the time boo boo boo boo u.s anthem boo boo boo so all week long cbc was talking about it
you know don cherry put his opinion at it he he said the old, you know, when you're,
if your best buddy gets in a fight in the bar,
it's usually not a good reason,
but you back them up because he's your best buddy.
Like, you know, with Canada, US thing.
So now let's fast forward.
Now the next weekend,
Sean McMorrow just happens to be playing his first NHL game.
But then for the national anthems,
because of what happened the weekend before,
they got extra loud.'s pumped up so now you got everyone fired up cheering on purpose to make up for the
Montreal fans going crazy for these anthems and I'm standing there national anthem my first game
looking across like okay uh place is going nuts I i was i couldn't it couldn't have been better
for me because it was such a build-up you know what i'm saying gentlemen oh my goodness that
you're kind of like the pre-workout the jack 3d that's probably how you felt naturally that's
exactly how i felt this how uh so how'd the game go like how many shifts i believe you did get in
a scrap correct i i i thought that i got to play against toronto
in a couple pre-season games okay so so that's probably what you're referring to because you
see me fight but but no i i didn't i'll tell you a little story i got to line up with domi
but i got three in the first two in the second shifts zero in the third because it was a three
two game um i got to line up against domi once I lined up against some, I'll be honest.
I stuttered a lot, but I'm like, sir, I've been watching you my whole life.
Will you give me a shot? He turns to me and says, kid,
you got to make the team from the start of the year.
If you were going to fight a guy like me and you know what?
I probably would have said that biz to like a call up from the coast to the american league you know what i'm saying so i totally get it i totally get
it but yeah that happened how many times have you met domi and then told him that story you know
what i met domi before that at chesswood arena one time i seen a big crowd and it was tied omi and i
think i was like 12 or 13 years old that's the only time that i've actually met the guy other than like you know yeah um just i just wanted to quickly go back
so you you did mention don cherry who owned the ice dogs at the time and then he had that quote
like uh how many interactions were you able to have with him any he was the coach wasn't he
uh at one point maybe not when he was there he did take over one, man. I'm really glad you brought that up, because Don Cherry is a really important piece to my life, okay?
And I'll explain why.
It started with the Ice Dogs, okay?
So now we all know the backlash that Don got from you people
and this and that, and I have a lot to say about that too,
if you guys want to get into that.
But Don Cherry made a point to come
to the arena, Hershey Center, the day
that I got traded. Now, I'm
the only black kid on the team.
Don Cherry is not
racist. Don Cherry
came to the arena
personal time. The guy
would only come once a week or whatever.
He'd have a big mob and then he'd leave.
He came, he pulled me aside,
knew I got traded to Kingston, pulled me aside, said, look, kid,
Kingston is my hometown. Larry Mavity has everything set up for you.
This is a mess right here. It's a gong show. Okay.
You're going to a good team. They're going to take care of you.
This is my hometown. If you need anything while you're there,
this is my number if you need anything while you're there this is my
number call me anytime and this is the hockey night in canada kid from scarborough watching
coach's corner after that first period so i'm i'm i'm mesmerized by this if that's the right word
and i had so much confidence knowing that my hero, Don Cherry, has my back.
I have his number in my back pocket.
No cell phones at the time, boys.
Right?
This is back in 2000, right?
Maybe those big-ass ones that the rich people had.
That's an awesome story, man.
But yeah, so what I'm trying to say is, like,
I need to tell stories like that because people don't know little things like that.
If Don Cherry was such a bigot like everyone thinks he is,
then why the heck would he come to the rink
and make the only black kid on the team feel comfortable
getting traded to his hometown?
That doesn't add up.
Don Cherry's a great man.
He's helped me.
Tim Cherry, his son that helped produce all those Rock'em Sock'ems,
we're very, very close.
And when all that stuff happened with CBC, bro,
I was very, very upset.
And he blessed me coming on my podcast about six months after that happened.
And he hasn't done anything else really talking about that.
And I didn't get him to apologize.
But what I said was, I said, Don, people like me is who's getting it confused, who's getting the miscommunication.
And I told him, I'm like, I love you, Don.
You've done so much for me.
Would it not be fair to say that for those that got offended by what you said,
that you did not intend to hurt anybody?
And if you did, that you're sorry that they feel that way.
And he said, you're absolutely right.
So I got him to agree with me, but I couldn't get him to apologize like how CBC wanted him to.
Sean, these are like obviously sensitive subjects, but I really appreciate you opening up with your personal experience about that, because that was that was a very difficult time for a lot of people in the hockey community.
So for you to share your experience like that, I nobody over here thinks that it's ironic that we kind of got into this because i dm'd his twitter account
to ask if he would come on the podcast today so thanks for sharing that buddy i'll throw it over
to you ra or wit but very well said thank you for sharing that i i i was just like looking up
the old don cherry stuff and then i came across the article his quote at the end he said i could
have stayed on but i would have had to be a tame robot nobody would have have recognized. I mean, yeah, well, we won't get into it.
He said he thinks people should be wearing poppies.
But hearing that from you, I mean, that's pretty impressive.
I can't believe, though, that in that amount of a quickness, right,
he made that much of an impact on you.
You know, it's just cool to hear.
Yes, absolutely, guys. Absolutely. You won't get a bigger Don Cherry fan than the guy you're looking at right now. made that much of an impact on you you know it's it's it's just cool to hear yes absolutely guys
absolutely you won't get a bigger Don Cherry fan than the guy you're looking at right now
any other fun stories from coaches maybe like or or or you know that helped you out along the way
that were very impactful yeah I mean for sure I mean I mean we can start we can start with it
with an awkward one because that same year Mr.. Rick five, you know, leaf legend, 50 goals,
all that. Right, man. I can't even tell you how much I hated the guy at the time. And he knows
that too. Obviously when you coach a team that finished with three wins, I think two, when I
left, like things aren't going to go well, right? Like things are great when you're winning. It's
not when you're not right biz, but me and him, we hated each other. But then as we got older,
like he would drop pucks at certain HL games and stuff like that and and i'd be like hey rick what's up buddy
he'd be like hey mac like we did you know but as we got older i got him on my show and now we're
actually friends i hated him as a coach but i love him as a guy you know what i'm saying um other
than that for the ohl biz i would say the and Mark Hunter, man, have they ever helped me all throughout my career. They traded me to Oshawa as a favor because all I was known was as a fighter. And if I had a chance to sign an entry level, I really had to prove that I could play.
went, went berserk, flipped the flip,
the George Burnett's coaching table.
And George is the most strict coach in the world. So he got traded to Owen sound. Oshawa needed a guy. Yeah, man.
Gratz is away here. My 19 year old season.
So Gratz gone McMorrow in,
I got that third line right winger spot.
They put me in front of the net on the power play biz and buddy,
I started scoring.
I know I sent you that thing about the first OHL goal.
That's part of the Oshawa generals time.
But from there,
it was really a reality because I proved that I could play a regular shift
in the O got my entry level.
Things moved on from there, but because of the hunters,
they helped me with that.
Sean, just to touch on something you mentioned with Cherry a minute ago,
I saw pictures on your Instagram,
you and your mom going to the Black Ice documentary premiere.
Did you have to deal with like a lot of like racist bullshit way back then?
I mean, it was 22 years ago.
People still deal with it.
So I imagine you must have had some headaches back in the day.
Yes.
So now, yeah.
And like, you know, the last couple of years, you know,
like the whole race thing in hockey has been brought up a lot.
And the thing is, is that what I realized is yes, I did get, I did get,
I did get it. But the thing is guys is when you're six foot four,
when you're 200,
my playing weight was like two 30 and you're known as a scrapper. Guys will kind of second guess if they're going to throw out an N-bomb or you know what I mean?
So I think because of that, I got a little bit less than what I would have gotten just because of the type of player that I was.
Right. But what you learn is to pretend like you didn't hear things a lot.
You have to have thick't hear things a lot.
You have to have thick skin and things are changing.
Things are changing. And that needs to be noted that things are changing,
but it was difficult growing up at certain times.
Was it mostly on ice or did you have to deal with it off ice?
Maybe not necessarily verbally off ice, but, you know,
maybe question if teams are doing something for a certain reason what did you have to like second
guess why they would maybe doing certain things yeah i mean i i think one example that that make
people understand is when we're growing up you know there's certain time periods that identity
becomes an issue and what i mean by that is when you're like 12, 13, 14, when you're entering high
school, you start hanging out with people that start listening to the same music and you start
seeing the groups kind of form. The same thing happened in the dressing room. Like I got it more
from my own team because there started being divides in our dressing room because we were
getting to that age where we were trying to find out our identity and then those are usually the times where you start seeing people that might
have a little bit of pigment and their skin start hanging out with each other and then you got the
rock band people and you got the you know this and that so so that was I noticed that when I was
entering high school that my teammates started treating me, some of them a little bit different because all of us were all going through
something of change through, through our,
through our upbringing and so on and so forth.
I hope that makes sense to you guys, but no, no, it does. Yeah.
So that time period biz, when we were like Peewee, minor Bantam,
like around that time, I kind of felt it like,
like there would be little comments or or or you only like this music
Sean and it's like what like what are you talking about like you know what I mean like little things
like that but I mean on the ice like I said if I was five foot nine and and scoring 50 goals and
never never like made a body check I think I would have got it a lot more than being the fourth liner
the guy that's supposed to kill everybody right um. Last one on that subject I have is, you know, you said that things are progressing.
Is there anything you, you see not being done where you would like them to improve in order
to speed up this process? Like you see obviously very, a lot more strict punishment at the minor
levels. If kids are saying those types of things and trying to make people aware of it what other things you think need to be done well i mean okay so great question um the best thing to
say when asked something like this is this biz the biggest problem bro with our sport is that
it is not accessible to every demograph okay so it's it's hard for me to say because i'm a hockey guy through and
through man but in general hockey is an elitist sport that only wealthy wealthy people can afford
biz i don't know if you know what the gthl registrations are right now my man for sure
yeah it's crazy up there let's hear it but this is anywhere from 11 to 15,000 to read.
If your kid is blessed to be competitive enough to be one of the most
competitive kids in Toronto, which is, that's what the triple a group is.
These kids are incredible. How competitive they are.
If your kid is lucky enough to be that good,
you have to have 15,000 for your kid to be able to play on the
don mills flyers where i played growing up okay oh you got two kids uh you know 30 30 32 000
so if you're if you're a single mom that makes 40 grand which is a very respectable salary
how is that possible it's not people that are out of the demographic of being having two parents, mostly Caucasian families.
If you don't have all that, you're not you're not able to do it.
So unfortunately, with minorities that are in different demographics, it's just not possible.
But now, Biz, we have programs like seaside hockey the hda these programs have
contacted the canadian government and said hey listen you want our country to be better at hockey
well right now you have one demograph all the rich kids all the best of them that's who we're
displaying like i'm sorry to say guys but that's what it is but wait let's do a program that if
you're interested to play that you could get free equipment you don't have to buy skates the canadian
government will supply that if you're willing to try this game that we as a country base all our
history on we're we're we're the hockey country right we're the hockey country but we don't want
to talk about the origins of hockey in nova scot. We don't want to let all the demographics play it, but now that's changing. They're doing
that. So now you could be in Malvern arena in Scarborough and see a kid that has skated on
the ice, maybe two or three times in his life with all new gear from head to toe with instructors
like Anthony Stewart, Wayne Simmons, Sean McMorrow out there, Kirk Brooks,
showing them how to play hockey. So now what's going to happen now,
two, three years from now,
you're going to have a couple of Chris and Anthony Stewart's out of that
group. And now I'm using those names because they're NHL names from Scarborough,
but there's very few of them. Now there's going to be more.
Now you're going to get that demograph full. Now there's going to be more. Now you're going to get that demograph full.
Now Canada is going to be better. Now we're going to be dominant again.
Like we were 20 years ago, all the other countries caught up, but now,
now the government's like, wait a second.
If we let everyone have a chance to play, our country will be better. Right?
So that's what's happening right now.
And that is what I'm proud of is programs like Seaside Hockey and the HDA
making a difference in the communities, letting more kids play,
making hockey more accessible, which will help the race problem.
I love it.
Very long answer.
I apologize.
Very well said.
No need to apologize.
How about a fucking round of applause for that fucking answer.
Holy shit.
Well, we applause for for everyone around here man
so i go to applause for biz and and and we got we got ryan whitney the real admiral we got everyone
on here i'm applauding um anson carter i believe is from scarborough as well right yes he's a
scarborough man yeah so yeah no that's that's amazing stuff man is there any other associations
that you want to mention while we're on this topic specifically?
Yeah, I mean, there's there's hockey equality.
Anthony Stewart is kind of the organizer of that.
His wife, Shante, Shante Stewart, she actually was a speaker at the primetime sports and entertainment conference talking about hockey equality and everything that I'm mentioning right now.
conference talking about hockey equality and everything that I'm mentioning right now.
We have the HPOC, which is hockey players of color. It's a group that's down in Florida, but they seem to be all over the place now. Those groups specifically, I personally deal with.
And then, like I said, man, everybody that's involved with the Black Ice documentary, guys,
if you have not seen that, like, I don't know how that works.
Like, I know that it was in TIFF, but I don't know if it's like if people are able to order it or if they have to wait till it's like released or I'm not sure how that works.
But if you guys have a chance to see that, man, you got to see it, man.
It's so important.
Hockey history in Canada and how everything started.
It's really good stuff, man.
A lot of your buddies are in it, Biz.
Like Wayne and all those guys are all in it.
They did a really good job.
I believe Uninterrupted had something to do with it as well.
Yes, yes.
And then, of course, you had the famous, I think, Drake.
Drizzy got involved with the producing.
And somebody else, some other famous, like,
nothing to do with hockey guy was in there.
Spike Lee?
It wasn't spike
lee but someone like that though um well sorry i i go ahead ra or what if you got no i was actually
just going to quickly touch on biz mentioned to me when we were chatting that you were coming on
about do you hold the record in terms of fights in one pro hockey season yeah 86 yes yeah so good 86 fights in one year yeah but it was in that notorious
lnah the the league in quebec oh jesus oh and it was after yeah like like the quebec senior league
i think was i think it went till about 05 and then they started getting like you know like so
much attention that they actually put in their bid to be like a semi
pro league, just like the coast or any other league.
So it's a league, the North America, the hockey. So it's the LNAH, right?
The North American hockey league in French and that league,
you guys all know how it works, right?
There's a lot of tough guys in that league. And in the 2007, 2008 season,
I recorded 86 fighting majors, which still is the world record
for pro fights in one season do you sign do you sign your name 86 now i mean i know no but that's
a good idea though man oh yeah yeah no you should man that so to follow up that at what point did
you maybe start start not enjoying it or have you always been okay with
it like what is your pre-game routine you know all of it well okay so for me i go into character
biz i'm sure you did the same thing i know you got biz nasty character and everything right
so for me it's the sheriff right like the sheriff the sheriff is a character that comes with a big
package okay so the sheriff comes to the arena.
Everybody knows they can approach him pictures talk.
What should my son do? He's getting bullied in the dressing room,
whatever, whatever it is. Okay. So that's part of the package. Okay.
So the whole media thing, whatever, whatever.
So now what I try to do is I try to,
I represent my city, my team, and my fans. I try to do it on a better rate than
anyone else in hockey. That's important to me. So especially in a league like that, where you're
supposed to show up every game, like you got to show up every game and do that, right? So the way
I look at it is this is the package that i'm bringing if i can at least show
up and do my best then i'm completing that package okay same thing happens after the game i have to
make myself available that is the sheriff okay so if i didn't have all that stuff going on biz and i
was just like one of the regular guys that we played with that just come and you know i get
away from me you know all those guys we played with that wouldn't even give their time of day for anything and like whatever and they just kind of did what
they had to do and left and they weren't really a team guy that i probably would have got sick of it
right away but i have all this pride and stuff involved with it so it's different for me so so
along with the pride was was partly this like wwe style character oh yeah when did that begin the
minute you left the house when you walked out of the car at the rink yeah when did that begin the minute you left the house when you walked
out of the car at the rink like when did that start well i mean relationships in the past can
tell you man the guy thought he was it all the time right but but yeah i mean it would start on
the way to the rink it would start on the way to the rink um i'd try to get into mode and stuff
you know what i mean and then the cool thing for me is like um
when i went to belfast biz they really embraced that character yeah like like i got i got
memorabilia i got t-shirts i got little badges you know what i mean and then what they were doing is
we want to take it even a step forward we want to put the sheriff badge on our jersey like as if
it's a sponsor and then they actually put it on the helmets too man so
like they were doing all that for me so i'm like jesus is this ever easy to be this character i
got my team really pumping it so well okay so let's back up a little bit so you you you play
your nhl game you're you're obviously in the minors with the rochester americans at what point
were you like hey i'm done with the well the, well, the, I guess you could say AHL, that pro side.
Yep.
And then decide to go to this strictly fighting league.
Like, was it the money that was drawing you away?
Because like the rumors are there was a lot of like mob boss owned teams.
Oh, yes.
Let's just get right into it.
Okay.
All right.
So that year I started the year with the Chicago Wolves.
Now you guys don't know that because I never actually got into a game.
Now the Chicago wolves are like,
they call them the New York Yankees of the AHL. You know, this biz,
they have an unlimited budget.
You're only allowed to drive to address five veterans in a lineup.
That's someone that's played over 250 games,
but the Chicago wolves got 12 veterans that are
being paid and five of them go in so they have all these extra guys all this extra money the
owner's a billionaire you know what i'm saying so i was there they loved the fact that i was a great
team guy they had me on a pto buddy they were paying for my apartment they were giving me per
diem and i was making more money than i'd ever made in rochester and i still wasn't playing but
they just wanted me to be there because they knew that i could do the job if needed but i wasn't
one of atlanta's guys who they were affiliated with so now you know biz you're a competitor bro
if you hadn't played a game yet and it was almost christmas time would you not be getting the itch
to play like we're here to play bro it's nice to collect a paycheck from the chicago wolves but
i'm here to play i'm a performer i'm an entertainer paycheck from the Chicago wolves, but I'm here to play. I'm a performer. I'm an entertainer.
That's what I want to do.
I don't want to sit in the stands and eat hot dogs.
So the Quebec league at that time, it was wide open.
You could sign anyone from anywhere in the world. Okay.
So they would have recruiters calling the AHL tough guys saying like,
we're offering X amount the next day. We're offering this amount.
We're offering this amount. Signing bonus is this amount. You know what I mean? They're like, oh,
we'll pay you a thousand dollars a game. We'll give you a 50,000 signing bonus. Please come.
You know what I'm saying? So now I'm sitting there and I'm like, you know what,
Biz? I was like, I want to play. I was an eighth round pick. My signing bonus with the Sabres was only 50 grand. I'm like,
I'd like all my buddies signing for 800, 900, Jason Palmeville,
Thomas Vanik, Ryan Miller, all these first, second, third rounders.
They're all millionaires. Here I am. McMorrow's with this 50 grand bonus.
Hey guys, are we going to McDonald's today? Or, Oh no, we're going to,
you know what I mean? So, so I never got really that money. So now here I am.
I'm I'm 26, 27 years old. I'm like, you know what I mean? So, so I never got really that money. So now here I am, I'm 26, 27 years old. I'm like, you know what, I'm going to go make some money and I'm going to play. I don't want to sit in the stands anymore. Right. So it was a combination of the money and just wanting to play my situation of being a healthy scratch 30 games in a row. It's going to take a toll on you, buddy. Right.
a toll on you buddy right yeah and you didn't mind and you didn't mind that you knew it'd be even more of that tilting it'd be even more of the physicality like that just whatever this is what
it is i was 26 years old i like at that time like when when we're when we're in that kind of prime
of our lives biz could tell you we think we're invincible man well i i also i i enjoyed it for
a little bit but that's also why i asked at a
certain point did it feel too much like a job uh did did maintaining this persona fuck with you a
little bit long term and you know did you eventually have to leave who that person was like at what
point did you stop enjoying the scrapping to be honest biz like i think the character just kept
me interested in it when i was done playing it did
mess me up because all that was gone so where do you get it from where do you get all this excitement
from it's gone right so that that really what you just said took a toll right but honestly like even
like towards the end man like i still i still looked at it like i was doing
sheriff duties right so it's just i don't know man just just to quickly go back to more of the
mob boss stories like so what was you got the danbury trashers jersey right there was that a
very similar experience to what that movie was like yes Yes. Playing in that league? Now, I told, yes, I told AJ, I said, AJ,
if you had bought an LNAH team like 15 years ago,
you would have been, because every LNAH team
has the mission statement of what the Danbury Trashers were.
The bad boys of hockey were not getting pushed around,
this, that, the other.
Now, if you had
10 teams in that league that were like danbury then you would have had the lnh
because that's what they did that that that's what that's what they were built for
you had five heavyweights biz on every team ranked one through five this is a number one this is the number two oh we number three is coming yeah and
we accepted those numbers so some of the more iconic fights uh i think they happen between
cousins was was uh bossy and morasty there when you were there that was the big ticket that was
the big ticket those were the two biggest names in the league and i'll tell you what biz this stuff
was so exciting bro that i played for a
team called saint hyacinth about 45 minutes east of montreal the team that morassi played for was
sorel tracy close to montreal bossay same thing he was with the chiefs i think they're in saint
jean at the time all these teams are close to montreal now me and the guys on my team we drove
to saint jean to see that one game of morassi versus Basse because the build-up is so big.
The build-up is so great. Now, the whole town is talking about these games. Now, you have to
imagine in the NHL or whatever league, if there was fights every game, right? And you have these
characters that are fighting for your town every game, they become your heroes so these guys are local heroes bossy is like a it's
like a novelty in quebec almost as big as gsp man right oh yeah man when bossy i was bossy's last
hockey fight before he went to the ufc okay i believe he has like a like an eight and two
record in the ufc like the guy was very successful. He has this one fight, the Scott guy
that the UFC says, oh, this is one of our
best cruiserweight or whatever weight
class Bas's in. He did extremely
well. These are big characters,
man. Quebec is
a different breed. They love
their combat sports. They're the biggest in
boxing, MMA in Canada.
You put a league like this in there, and they have
their heroes.
So now all of Bas's hero fans are all showing up there.
Bas, Bas, drinking their beers, tabac, narcos.
Man, it's something that, if you have a chance to go to Montreal like this year,
go to an LNAH game, bro.
Is it still as violent as it was?
It can't be.
No, no.
It's tamed.
It's tamed.
So instead of five, now there's one or two.
Okay.
Let's get Grinnell.
Let's get Grinnell on here. Should we do a content piece?
Here's Grinnell.
We need to. I'm in. Let's do it all right all right are you in i could see r.a loving the french ladies a trip to montreal hold on twist my
arm say less i'm in hey could we stop at chaperie first you stop at chaperie super sex you go
anywhere you want bro okay all right all right we'll get the per diem packs fired up all right we're gonna hit up uh it's very important business trip like you guys need
to do this for education reasons and just the better your show in general yeah it comes with
a z pack that's how you sell your per diem pack uh you got you got anything uh rar with
sean i'm looking at 0708 season uh 48, 527 penalty minutes, just under 11 minutes a game.
I'm wondering, what was the coach's game plan for this league back then?
Was it a traditional game plan or was it fighting incorporated into the game plan?
What would the coach say before the game?
Okay, so it's a normal hockey game.
The one team is trying to score more goals than the other, so that all still happens.
But what the fighting is, and i should have mentioned this before what the fighting is in that league it's called the show so the show is is part of the package of the game it may happen
in the in the beginning of the game there might be like two or this is back then, four or five fights to start the game.
It may happen after the first goal scored, but it will happen at some point.
There's a gentleman's agreement that if McMorrow comes on the ice, that Sugden or Morasty or someone else is going to counter that.
Whoever they're matched up on.
Morasty or someone else is going to counter that whoever they're matched up on.
There's five,
there was five against five that were matched up as if they were like,
like,
like an undercard towards the main event.
And at that time, and like,
and when I have like Wingfield,
the Morasty and these guys on my show,
what I say is,
okay,
this was a long time ago.
So we're going to be honest.
It doesn't happen anymore.
There was illegal stuff that was happening, but it's not happening anymore.
So no one's going to get in trouble. There there's time that's passed,
whatever, whatever, every team was influenced by biker gangs.
There was a lot of cash being washed through the teams.
Every player was being paid in cash.
You guys have heard about the KHL stories of, you know,
those Russian mobs and stuff.
And like, like I'm buddies with Freddie Brathwaite and Freddie Brathwaite's telling me stories about, you know, that guy's making like 2 million in a season.
Okay. So how much is that in a month?
What is it like 80 grand or whatever it may be?
So this guy's getting paid 80 grand cash before a practice.
So where do you put 80,000 in cash? Do you put it in your car? Do you put
it in your stall and hope no one goes in your pockets during practice? What do you do? They
give it to you right before practice. Freddie Brathwaite would put it in his pads, man.
He stick it right in his pads, man. He have it in his pads. And then when that practice was done,
he was going straight to whatever facility that could hold that money.
LNAH on a lesser scale, right?
We got paid every Tuesday.
That's how they would ensure we'd come to practice.
We only had one practice a week and we had two games every weekend.
They wanted us to stay, like, to keep ourselves in shape,
but everyone has a second job.
And that's why now guys are choosing the LNAH over like the coast,
because it's the same budget, same, same money that they're making,
whatever a week, but then they can work another job.
They'd be close to their families.
Why would they want to live in some little butthole town in Texas when they
could stay home and make the same money and, and be with their families. You know what I'm saying? So, so,
so I got to ask you what, what your experience in Belfast was because,
um, that, I mean, I know that's a program.
I know some guys who've gone over there and you can get your business degree
or something like that,
but I didn't know how you got over there and what it was like when you,
when you were there.
I'm just, I'm just letting my mom hear the spit and chiclets voices.
Cause you guys are such a big deal. Okay.
So Belfast giants favorite season of my career.
Thank you for bringing that up, sir.
So I'm playing for the Rockford ice hogs in the AHL that this was my last year
in the a that, that infamous bill Peters was my coach.
The one that Akeem Alou did all the stuff with, right?
So anyway, so I'm in Rockford.
And thankfully for me, my general manager, Mark Bernard, was a former goaltender in that league back when it was the Super League when it first started.
So now the Belfast Giants, I don't know if you guys know the history of Northern Ireland, but this is a place in the world that is still at war. You got the Catholics against the Protestants. One thing that the British government does is they use the Belfast Giants to bring the communities together. It's a new sport. Everything was chosen to be neutral. The green is neutral.
Name Belfast Giants is named after the Giants Causeway, which is the northern tip of Ireland that has nothing to do with religion, nothing to do with soccer teams.
If you come to the Odyssey Arena, you are not allowed to wear anything but a Belfast Giants or civilian clothes. You cannot enter with any soccer jerseys or anything that might make groups happen.
Okay.
There's no national anthem in Belfast to reduce any tension.
They needed a guy they love
their heart then they call their tough guys hard men over there they needed a hard man because
they're all there these are irish and english people right these guys love these people love
fighting they love to go to the pubs you see how how fired up they get for soccer games for soccer
games they're getting fired up for soccer games imagine how they're
getting fired up when they know that guys can bare fists fight on ice they are getting fired
right up there's pubs in the arena they're getting fired up they were looking for a hard man that
would be a community guy that they could have as the face of the team that they could really do
all these public appearance with and work with the British government and make this thing happen. At the time I was, I had just won my third AHL man of the year
award, which is the award that they give to the person with the biggest impact of the community.
I took a lot of pride in that. I, you guys could tell by the way I'm acting. I just love being
around people. Like I said, I love if anybody wants to take a picture of me or wants me to sign something,
that is a compliment.
I am loving that and I'm doing it immediately and taking as much time as they
want to interact. Like that's how I am. That's how I was brought up.
The Belfast giants needed someone like that.
So I was in the right place at the right time.
My general manager in the AHL actually brokerage the deal, the, the,
the money per per week and all that
kind of stuff and my deal was done in my exit meeting for the Blackhawks rock slash Rockford
Icehogs right yeah so that so I went over there and and man it was it was just it was the best
time of my life it was the best time of my life were you into the pub culture I loved it oh man
oh yeah that's right
you got it you got an opportunity i played in cardiff and you're in cardiff i was in cardiff
but man belfast looked like a good time we didn't spend a ton of time there so i'm sure you had a
pretty good time in the community oh it was absolutely amazing biz like i i'll never forget
it bro it's so cool any crazy culture shocks where you were just like what the how about the driving
the driving fucks you up.
The driving's crazy because the Canadian licenses transfer over.
You don't have to do no training or nothing.
And everybody knows that in the UK, everything's opposite, right?
So the steering wheels on, on the right side, right?
Everything's standard.
So you're shifting with your left.
We're never, we're always shifting with our right.
You're driving on the left side of the road everything is opposite so a couple times you know sean might have driven
on the freeway the wrong way and kind of had to scatter and have my life flashed for my eyes
good thing you're the sheriff nobody could pull you over right just flash the badge
but when you got paramilitary police with with black guns standing at the bridges
saying what's your business here i play for the belfast giants yeah okay continue on yeah um so
you mentioned bill peters pretty quickly did you have any any uh personal run-ins with them like
what was your experience i mean this is a platform right so i'm gonna i'm gonna tell
the truth akima lu's story is real okay akima lu's story is real the thing is is that sean
mcmorrow experienced that the season before akima lu okay so sean mcmorrow heard turn that music off
several times okay i was the only black guy on the team. I was a veteran though. And that's what the difference was when I played for Rockford, I was 28 years old. It was my sixth. It was my,
sorry. I was, I don't know, whatever, 27 years old, six, seven year pro when Akeem was there,
it was his rookie season. Okay. Bill Peters is a good coach. He's not a great man. Okay. He's
made mistakes. He didn't understand
that you can't center people out because of what they look like. That's what Bill did. That's why
he lost his job in Calgary. He made me feel incredibly uncomfortable. I played 25 out of
the 80 games when I was a top heavyweight in the AHL. Everyone always wanted me in the lineup.
They felt more comfortable, but I got in one every four games. It was probably just the games where they're like, we have to have them
in bill. Can we put them in? Okay. Well, I'll put them in. You know what I mean? So I felt that
maybe my, my, my ceiling was closed. Um, uh, David Koshy was the guy in Chicago.
Sean McMorrow was the guy in Rockford. There was a couple of times in Chicago told me they're like,
I started with a PTO. Then they signed me to a two way.
So I was right there biz and I wasn't playing and I wasn't getting the
opportunity that I thought I could have got.
So do me and Akeem kind of have the same stories? Yeah, we do.
Was I there when Akeem first came?
Cause he was one of those top prospects that they, you know,
that they bring at the end of the season to the, to the AHL team to give them some experience. So, so him and Chris
Beach were the two guys that came at the end of the season. And, you know, I kept them under my
wing and, you know, you know, we know we're hockey players. We know that Akeem's a great guy,
but he was a little bit outspoken and stuff when he was younger. And, um, you know, so I kept them
under my wing. I really liked the kid and the next season unfortunately he had those experiences and and he
couldn't handle it and he shouldn't have had to handle it and it was unfair but i understand
because i was there now cbc and all those people they all contacted me when a king did this because
they knew i played there the year before and they're like oh do you have any stories i wasn't
ready to talk about it i was kind of going through a difficult time in my in my own
life and I just wasn't ready to talk about stuff like that but what Akima Liu said is real it
happened and it happened to me the season before the difference was is I had about six seven years
on the kid and everybody can handle things differently right yeah well I'm sorry that
happened yeah man
that's that's that's terrible and i appreciate that it sucks because like you know you were
obviously in an emotional place where you could handle it which you like you said you shouldn't
have to but yeah as far as the akima lu stuff like for a young guy just probably being like
what is happening this is a guy i'm supposed to trust and yeah oh yeah too with with developing
my game yeah it's uh that's terrible, man.
And, and I, I, it's hard to change off that subject, man.
We appreciate you opening up everything to switch it to more of a positive
note.
I did read that you were roommates with Ryan Miller and the American hockey
league.
Oh, I mean, you know, American, American born player.
Who's I think he's, he already got nominated to the hall of fame.
Correct.
What was that like?
And what was it like playing him when he was that young and uh kind of just a budding superstar
so ryan miller his first year in rochester i mean the guy that i mean the guy is a very thin man
but man when he was 22 years old because he was a college guy he was like a skeleton just a little
skinny college kid right
big smile you know like kind of nerdy you know what i'm saying but like cool nerdy you know what
i mean and and we were roommates on the road we got along really well i mean because of like the
the lockout and all that kind of stuff i got to play with these guys like an extra year biz like
guys like jason palminville and thomas vanik who never would have played in the ahl but he came
that lockout year.
So he was with us all year. Right. And, but anyway, back to Millsy. So,
so we're roommates on the road. Like, you know,
like when you play with guys for multiple years, you know,
families come and visit and then your families get to meet like my mom and
his dad are still friends to this day. You know what I mean? And like Miller,
like, like he, he was the guy that had my Christmas gag gift the one year.
I still have it.
It's this little green T-shirt that has arrows that point to the arms saying,
welcome to the gun show.
Because that's what  because, Miz, what do you say to someone when you say,
did you see that show last night when you're talking about the gun show?
Did you see the show last night?
I never teed people up for that.
I was Quadzilla.
I was  yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Okay.
But let's tell them what I'm saying, though. All into character yeah yeah yeah did you see that show like a truck
truck truck quads like what what what baby will you glute what what let me sing it again see that's
why the man played extra years more than he probably could have because they needed that in the dressing room
you need characters like this and that's well eventually they got fed up with it they're like
okay we've seen enough like time to go yeah time to go well that's awesome man i mean listen we've
we've kept you quite a while if ra you see ra dipping in and out he's actually doing this
interview not feeling so great so this is our race flu game but because
he wanted to hear what you had to say he's sticking around so a couple clicks for our
ray guys yeah definitely clicks but guys i want you guys to know okay because it's good to hear
this from other people now i have my little my little show and stuff right you guys you guys
inspire all of us we all listen to you you guys you guys aren't only rated the best but you guys
are the best right so? So just no biz.
No,
but biz,
honestly,
bro,
like,
like,
like I'm like a student of the game.
I'm a student of the game and I'm trying to take little,
little things from different people,
create my own style.
And I'm telling you with you guys,
it's through and through,
man.
You want to know the secret?
Tell me the secret biz.
Just shit all over the oilers.
Just no matter what the bottom six,
I,
you know what I got,
you know what I called their bottom six?
I was thinking about it today.
The pumpkin spice lattes.
Just a bunch of basic bitches with the Ugg boots.
Ain't getting shit done.
Letting McDusty and Dryside will carry the team.
What's Toronto's bottom six doing?
What's your secret, Whit?
They're like the fat blueberry girl from Willy Wonka and the Chocolate Factory.
You guys are hilarious, man.
Hey, R.A., what's your secret?
Are you talking to me?
No, I'm talking to R.A.
R.A., yes.
What's your secret?
The real admiral.
Latch on with a retired guy and fucking see how it goes.
That was my secret.
We're all retired.
We're all retired, baby. Hey, Sean, this is awesome man you're you're really good at this i i yeah so so
where can people listen to your stuff i know you said you got you you got a studio type setup near
um is it the hall of fame chick chick let's network we just hired him well thank you hey
i wouldn't mind that at all okay i'm glad you asked this because I've been given an incredible opportunity. It was a sponsorship. Right now, I'm currently at the Locker Room Studio, which is at the Bottom Line Sports Bar, which is located beside the he's one of the best. Gooch Live is another show that records out of the studio.
And I was a guest on Gooch Live.
We got along really well.
And then the producers and everyone were like, hey, we want you to do your show from here as well.
So what we have going on right here, Danny Granger-Art, who is my manager. He helps me out a lot, but Jordan carry locker room,
sports, bottom line, sports bar.
This is what's making this happen right now.
And I appreciate it through and through.
Oh my God.
What a shout out.
That was, I hope you didn't forget anybody.
Anybody, any other names you want to drop in there?
I got it.
I got to give a big shout out to my mom, Sheila McMorrow, because she,
she is really the reason why it all happened.
You should, hey, let's dedicate this pod to her.
Let's dedicate this pod.
I love this.
This is fucking awesome.
Yeah.
And if she was here, she would say, Biz, I love you.
That's what she would say.
Before we get to our last question here, we got to talk about Chevy.
That's right.
Chevrolet.
we get to our last question here,
we got to talk about Chevy. That's right,
Chevrolet. From the Bolt to Blazer, Equinox
to Silverado, Chevy EVs
are for everyone,
everywhere. I am buzzing in this ad.
Just like these
electric cars. They are
affordable. You don't have to be rich
to have an EV. All-star
capability on a rookie's
budget, or a rookie's budget.
Or a fourth liner.
With enough space for the whole team to be comfortable,
the Chevy EVs are affordable, fun,
and they go the distance.
Over 2,000 certified EV dealerships,
along with growing,
a growing, excuse me,
network of public charging stations to help you live electric.
Finally, charging won't put you
in the penalty box but only in the good graces of your financial stability because you won't be
buying gas chevy evs back to the interview okay okay so i i almost forgot to ask you this one so
shout out to her this episode's getting dedicated dedicated to her post-career. You talked about like, you know, maybe finding that new identity.
Ice Wars.
You have a hand in Ice Wars.
All this.
Explain Ice Wars and to the listeners what this is all about.
All right.
So Ice Wars is prize fighting on ice.
And what it is, is we've taken the most exciting part of the game,
which many fans love, and we've made it the main
event. So what it was is May 21st in Enoch, Alberta, I had the opportunity to host this. So
I'm very, very educated on that. Ice Wars 2, I didn't get the opportunity, but that's another
story. I'm hoping to get the opportunity again for Ice Wars 3. Ice Wars 1, May 21st, was an eight-man heavyweight tournament where it was three rounds. It was first round, second round. If they were tied after, though, it would go to a third round. These are one-minute rounds. They're wearing UFC gloves.
it's an ice to gone, which is now called the ice cage, I believe, because it was a copyright issue and AJ Galante,
Charlie Nama and Jimmy Galante are the creators,
the Danbury trashers guys. Okay. And I'm telling you one thing, this is,
this is a new combat sport that is going to absolutely blow up.
And I'm very excited to be a part of it. And I really,
really hope I could host ice wars 3
there you go the ice to gone dana white's coming after you can't be knocking that one well no
because of copyrights at first we were saying yeah we should call it that but then i think
we're calling it the icebox actually the icebox hey pittsburgh lost. You guys should name it the igloo.
Hey, man.
Hey, Biz.
You know what, buddy?
I'm sure that AJ would like for you to be a part of this at some capacity.
So you know what?
You might be.
You might be.
You never know, man.
Hey, we'll get wet in the ring.
Yeah.
Yeah.
There's a better chance of Biz teaching like a business class at some point. i don't know about actually what am i talking about you can't see me teach a business class no
but i'm talking about i'm talking about like i'll be like you showing up sober to a business class
all right yeah no no no but wait so i'm talking about like you guys like covering the event like
like i heard the next oh yeah might be in montreal the next one might be in montreal boys is okay so is it rude to ask you about the so you ended up going to prison
right we could cut this out like are you comfortable talking about that biz i'm an open
book bro i plan to be a motivational speaker so everything i've done in my life i want people to
learn from and i want to improve people's judgments ask away but what happened from what i read you were wrongly
convicted spent time in prison based on good behavior got out early like for something you
didn't do that must have been difficult to spend time and run us through it okay so so biz we've
all heard the term you really have to watch who you hang out with right you really have to watch
it now we live in a time now in Canada
where, where cannabis is obviously legal. Okay. It's legal now. So it's, it's, it's very bizarre
to talk about, you know, being detained for marijuana when, when, when in Canada, we live
the lives that we do. So anyway, but back then it wasn't like that. And this is in the United
States of America. And, you know, I've been a cannabis user since my early twenties, since my late teens.
And, and so, you know, that continued when I played pro and, you know, as you know, biz,
like we'll find people that we're comfortable with that we think are protecting us. And, you know,
I would have like a local, a local, like local, I would have a spot at one of my buddy's places
where I felt comfortable to smoke marijuana when I was playing in the AHL that no one was going to see me. It wasn't accepted at the time.
So that was my comfort zone. So there was two, there was two buddies mainly that I was involved
with. I'm trying to make a long story short. What had happened was at that time I was under NHL
contract and I was a really big name in Rochester, New York. Cause I was like the team's tough guy.
These two gentlemen got in a lot of trouble trouble what they did was they pretty much put me as the leader
of their organization the nhl hockey player the black nhl hockey player and the fbi jumped all
over it bro then they absolutely loved it in the u.s to convict someone of a conspiracy charge which this was, it was a marijuana conspiracy charge. What you have to do is you have to have more than one person collaborate that that person was part of the conspiracy. Right. So what I was facing was the FBI. And you have to understand brother, like when they first came at me, I was like, I was like still under nhl contract it was like it was it was the year before
my third and fourth year and they approached me uh men in black suits right outside esl arena our
practice facility uh we just want you to know that you are the center of an investigation if you want
to come and talk to us now you can whatever you don't even it was crazy so pretty much these guys
harassed me for a couple years when i went Belfast is when they had created the indictment.
So they based it from 03 to 05. They said it was happening.
They charged me in 2010. The statute of limitations for drug conspiracies is five years.
conspiracies is five years do you know what they said it was four years 11 months and two weeks after the last known uh crime what i was charged with was the minimal the minimal for a federal
indictment the the the minimal numbers like like like the lowest it could possibly be and they and
i guess what they did,
even with these guys, they exaggerated numbers just to get it there. So now it's 2010. I'm in
Belfast, Northern Ireland, being told that some US attorney in Rochester, New York wants to charge
me. So the lawyer's telling me, look, this is a publicity stunt. Do not worry about it. Pretty
much what I was done, Biz, is I was strung along through the court process to believe that there was no chance that I could get jail time. Okay. I was told that
I was going to get probation sentence. I showed up to the, now, now mind you, after this indictment
was when I played my second year in the UK. So this drug Lord is playing for the Dundee stars.
drug lord is playing for the dundee stars it made no sense man and none of it made sense on sentencing day i have 25 people in the courtroom there's a big party planned in toronto
everyone's like all excited that this is finally going to be over sean we're so sorry this has
happened you know like you know we learn things different ways it's all going to be over today
we're all gonna we're going to have some beers tonight.
And that day biz,
I hereby sent it to you to the federal Bureau of prisons for a term of 24
months.
So the first thing I thought of was when you're in shock,
like the first thing you think of is simple things. So I'm thinking, okay,
so 24 months, that's two years.
And then once that came into my mind, I almost fainted. Like I'm thinking, okay, so 24 months, that's two years. And then once that came into my mind,
I almost fainted. Like I'm, I'm beside my lawyer, frigging really high price lawyer. And, you know,
being told this almost faint. And usually in someone in my position that where it's a first
time offense, no violence, no weapons in the case. If you know, you're probably going to get sentenced to a little
bit of time. Like, like let's say you're in a case and your lawyer's like, look, man, it looks
like you might get like six months. You might get a year because of, because you're, you know,
first time offender, no violence, no weapons, you qualify for a self-surrender. So even if we're
found guilty and the lawyer and I'm sorry, the judge sentences you to time, you'll still get
about three or four weeks. You'll get like 30
days to get all your affairs in order. Your family can drive you to the facility. Everything is kind
of organized. Now, because I was told that I wasn't going to get time, none of this stuff was
set up for me. So when I was sentenced to those 24 months, Biz, you have to understand this is in
Rochester, New York. I'm engaged to a Rochesterchester girl all her family's there all my family's there everyone's happy big party plan in toronto like i said
judge comes down on me with the bomb right and then that's it that's it you're gone like that's
it so so my lawyer realized like okay this guy's gonna have to go now so he's like judge can my
can my client say say bye to his family so here I am walking with this. The courtroom was full, man, media in there.
I'm walking back, you know, tears are going, hug my mom, hug my brother,
hug my girlfriend. It was all in the front row. They're all like, Oh,
we'll appeal this. Don't worry. We'll get it figured out.
And then that was it. And then the funny thing is, is in,
I'm smiling now because I can,
it took me a long time to be able to talk about this the funny thing is is that the monroe county sheriff's department
is like the rural police and then there's the city cops so they took me to a county jail that was
like like an hour outside rochester just to kind of keep me out of the city because it was all over
the papers and everything the car that i left was a sheriff car. So you got the sheriff being driven off.
It's okay to laugh.
It is funny though.
Don't you do this.
In the Monroe County Sheriff's Department.
Don't you do this.
See ya, sheriff.
The real sheriff.
See ya, buddy.
See you later, buddy.
That's what it was.
So, I mean, the good behavior is right.
So I had to do 20 out of the 24 months.
Cause you have to do 85 in the feds. Like I was in the feds biz.
Like, like this is like where all the mob bosses go. Like John Gotti,
all this stuff. I was crazy. Right. So this is the thing. Yes.
I did the 20 months. I had a choice to make gentlemen. I'm here. What am I going to do?
Am I going to sulk? Am I going to join, even though it was minimum security, am I going to
try to get into some organization, some gang? Am I going to do this? Am I going to do that? No.
I'm going to try to make the best out of my time, okay? Biz, I don't know about you, bro,
but I was two credits short when I signed my entry level. I never got that high school,
bro. You guys know I got traded a bunch of times. I went to schools in all those cities, right?
Transfer semester is hard. So what did I do? I got my GED. Then what did I do? I ended up teaching
the GED. Then I started teaching an exercise class. I started taking different classes.
I took this one class called paradigm thinking, where you learn about what all your values are
and what your life purpose is.
And then biz, I started realizing,
why is it that I like doing all those things
with those fans?
Why is it that I like doing all these little
behind the scenes shows?
Why?
Because that's my passion.
I was able to figure out my passion.
I was able to figure out who I was,
who Sean McMorrow is, right?
And the shitty thing is,
is I had to go to a place like that to figure it out, but I did it.
So at the end of it, not only did I not smoke a cigarette in 20 months,
did I not smoke a joint in 20 months?
Did I not have a sip of alcohol in 20 months?
Like I felt like I was in a time capsule and that I might really only be
38 right now instead of 40. You know what I'm saying? Like,
that's the way I'm kind of looking at it, right? I made the best of the time. I got a lot smarter,
took a lot of classes, bro. There was a lot of time, was in incredible shape, and then was able
to leave, right? So... Sean, sometimes we're reminded why we love doing this job, buddy. This
is, this has been a breath of fresh air, we appreciate your energy and everything that you've you've said so far this is i don't i don't even know
what to say boys this is fucking awesome and a great and a great message for for people listening
and the fact that you can keep that positive mindset through having been fucked over like
that buddy and not even just with the prison sentence but but in, in, in, you know, cases behind, before that, man, kudos to you, brother.
I appreciate it, buddy. And like, like,
I don't want to be a Debbie downer, like no fucking important.
These things take a mind of its own, buddy.
And this is an important message and we never know what to expect when we get
guys on that we've never really hung out with. And like I said, it's, it's,
it's a, this was a, I'm very, very,
very happy that we got you on
and for you to share your story man i got one favor from all of you oh yeah you say you name
it all of you biz admiral wit mike please put a good word for me for any type of sports media
outlet because i've been preparing for the past two years to get into this business and i'm looking
for an opportunity if you guys could just put in a good word for me.
Are you on social media and stuff?
Oh yeah.
Sheriff McMorrow,
Sheriff on Instagram,
Sheriff McMorrow on Twitter,
the Sheriff podcast on all of them.
Well,
while you're,
while you're looking and waiting for your time,
you should just every morning,
you should like recap some NHL game.
Like just give like just give like give
like your opinions once in a while on social media about the league or whatever whatever part of
hockey you want to be a part of but hey i was gonna say with though we should we should probably
end up doing that content piece where we do go check out the lnah with you yeah and then we'll
get elevate whatever programs or anything that you're doing through your social media brother
we're looking to help and and uh and and snap it around. So to speak.
I appreciate that. But I got one thing to say to Ryan, Ryan,
if you watch my stories on my social media,
you will be caught up in the sports world. Trust me. I'm okay. Okay. No, no,
I haven't checked it out. I haven't checked it out. I wasn't sure.
When you said that it made me smile because that is what I'm trying to do.
I'm trying to make it where someone checks out my thing.
They're going to be completely updated in sports.
They're going to be entertained and they're going to find out about the next sheriff podcast live taping.
Right.
There we go.
That's awesome, man.
But guys, just before we go, though, like the bottom line sports bar that the locker room studio, Jordan LaRouche, Carrie Goulet, Danny Gr granger art these guys these guys are like my rock for what for this type of business and i just had to put their
names out there again hey congrats on everything and and tell them thank you so much for setting
everything up and getting you to come on and best best of luck with all the future endeavors buddy
and we're definitely gonna you know we're gonna be in the mix on some of that we're very appreciative
all right it's the Sheriff Podcast, correct?
That's correct, my man.
Thank you so much, guys.
Our pleasure.
Well, huge thanks to Sean for joining us.
That was an awesome interview.
We didn't know what to expect going in.
I know, like I said, a lot of you folks probably never heard of the guy,
but you do now, and hopefully you enjoyed the story.
Biz, anything you wanted to add before we move along here?
I cannot wait to go to Quebec and check out firsthand
how these games get in live action with the chaos.
So at some point we'll be heading there.
I can't tell you when, but probably do something very similar
to Biz Does the Coast, right, G?
Yeah, I mean, I think a mix of that and maybe a mix of like Road Warriors
when you went up and visited Terry Ryan in Newfoundland,
when he gave us the whole tour of the,
the Island,
you should play a game.
Oh,
Oh yeah.
Just what I need to run into nasty.
Morasty again,
John nasty,
morassy breaking my nose and then having the announcer chirp me,
go check out,
go check out that one on hockeyfights.com.
Oh, man.
Punching a fucking bowling ball,
who just so happens to be Jeremy Obonski's cousin.
That fucking family has tortured me more than anything.
No, I'm not playing a goddamn game.
I will go there and watch.
Yeah, I don't blame you there, Biz.
We mentioned Ottawa earlier.
A tough start for them.
Fans were calling for DJ Smith's head the other day at a game which
pissed off captain Brady Kachuk
he strongly defended his coach in the media
said it was all in the players and earlier
you know GMP had already said he had
DJ Smith's back it doesn't seem like he's going anywhere
he's in the first year of a three year deal
the third year is the team option
and the Chicklets boys we got a
little scoop right here we know Deadpool's
trying to line up like some George Clooney level money to buy the Senators.
But there's another Canadian celebrity led bid that may be at the table as well.
Ottawa native or is it Nipian?
I think you say it is Nipian native Sandra Oh of Sideways killing Eve in Grey's Anatomy fame.
Apparently, she's trying to get some dough together as well to buy the team as well.
So this is going to be interesting, man.
Two celebrities trying to buy the Sens.
Fortunes might be changing in one way or another with this team, Paul.
This is a who's got the richer friends game.
And I don't.
I mean, you got to throw any money in.
You got a bunch of buddies you could partner up with to buy an NHL hockey team.
I got a hundred grand.
What does that get me?
Yeah, 0.00001. She should hit up. What's that get me? Yeah,.00001.
She should hit up. What's her face?
Ellen Pompeo on Grey's Anatomy.
She's made millions and gazillions of dollars.
She became a producer on that show.
It's been on for 78 years.
She's probably made over 100 million off that show.
Wow.
Some of these girls are juggernauts.
Who's chicken by the sea?
Jessica Simpson.
With her clothing lines and her
fragrances and all this uh the legally blonde girl she went on to make a shit ton of dough
they should just get an all-female female ownership group dude did you hear about that
blonde actress who got stabbed um reese um witherspoon, with a knife You motherfucker
I'm going to get my tea to warm up my throat
You sandbag and son of a bitch
You know what that is?
That's a peak dad joke
Should he have to do a lap for that?
I don't know
I'm a big dad joke guy
I'm a dad, bro
There you go
I'm doing home birth, boy.
It's crazy.
Her stop is, you know, she she went to a.
I'm biting in bilking cords with my teeth, motherfucker.
We Home Alabama is a great flick that she's in.
Dude, she she went to a casting call for extras back when she was like 12 or 13.
And because she's like to her parents and she was so good, they gave her like a speaking role in the movie.
And she's worked her way up to be one of the most powerful women in Hollywood.
All because she went to a fucking casting call for extra.
And she can sing because she was in Sing One and Two.
She's phenomenal.
Oh, and of course, she played June Carter Cash in the Johnny Cash movie, Walk the Line as well.
So anyways, moving right along.
We didn't think that Shane Wright of the Seattle Kraken could go to the AHL, but turns out there's a little-known codicil in the NHL Constitution that allows a team to send a CHL player to the AHL on a conditioning stint for a maximum of 14 days if he's been scratched for five consecutive games.
in the AHL.
Basically, the Kraken is going to get him some games down in Coachella Valley.
Then he'll join Team Canada for World Juniors and then go back to Seattle,
and they'll basically deal with it when he gets back from that.
But this is kind of wild.
We didn't think he could go there.
But, Whit, did you know about this little loophole or what?
No, I didn't.
But I'm guessing that they knew about it because it works out perfectly now.
He goes down.
He's going to get his five games. He comes back pretty much immediately.
He'll be reporting to camp for the Canadian World Juniors.
And my guess would be after the World Juniors,
he goes to the OHL.
Let this kid play hockey.
This kid's got to play hockey.
Not to mention the fact that he's sitting around
at this age, not playing.
He also missed a year of hockey in 2020 so i i i i really i don't
really understand i i'm sorry i shouldn't say that because i do there's there's points there's
there's points on both sides of this in terms of maybe the ohl isn't best for his development
i disagree in a sense like let somebody go dominate and yeah if you're over there and you're getting two points a game and maybe it's not
great for your game, but it's better than sitting around and,
and people who say, yeah, he's practicing in the NHL. No,
once the season gets going, practices aren't what a guy like that needs.
He needs to be playing games.
He needs to dominate and he dominated last year in the OHL.
His numbers are ridiculous, but he needs to play hockey at that age.
It doesn't matter where you are.
Just play the game.
And so he's going to get to go to World Juniors.
He's going to get five games in the NHL where he'll probably get close to 20, 22 minutes a game.
And then he'll be able to go play with his peers.
But he has to play.
And that's what it comes down to.
No more sitting around.
No more watching games from the press box.
Play hockey at that age.
Hey, Reese, you think he needs to play?
Play hockey.
He needs to play the game.
Before I throw on my tinfoil hat here, R.A.,
I do want to mention, I think Jeff Merrick and Elliot
mentioned this one, that after his five games in the AHL,
when recalled, his eligibility for the one more game that he could play
at the National Hockey League level this year before they sent him down
would be against the Montreal Canadiens,
which we've seen some fun pettiness this year with the Jack Eichel
and the Buffalo situation.
Remember, this is the team that had first overall pick Montreal.
I would assume that there was a lot
of conversation and dialogue to Shane Wright's side that they were in fact going to pick him
and then they didn't he slid to four and then Shane Wright stared down the draft table at the
draft the Montreal Canadiens draft table that is so what I love to see this kid get called up after
five games in the minors playing 20 minutes a night and to see what he can provide in a game all fired up against a team that he thinks that's, you know, spited him or however he feels about the situation.
I would love it.
Now, shifting back over to the tinfoil hat.
This was played perfectly if he does end up getting sent back for the second half of the season, because it's tough to probably to stay a little bit motivated.
So Seattle gets the best of both worlds. for the second half of the season because it's tough probably to stay a little bit motivated.
So Seattle gets the best of both worlds.
They get him getting NHL reps in practice to start the year.
He does get limited time in the games to get his feet wet to see what the pace is like.
Then he gets to go get his taste of AHL hockey to play at a more dominant level compared to maybe where it's a little bit easier going back to junior.
play at a more dominant level compared to maybe where it's a little bit easier going back to junior he gets to go basically play ahl hockey in the sense he's going to play world juniors
you're playing against the world's best 19 year olds i would say that's probably the equivalent
to playing in the ahl now given the veteran rule you're only about three veterans in the ahl so
right after christmas he gets to go back to junior, if that's the case, leading him into a playoff stretch, and then he can go dominate in playoffs at the junior level and then maybe on to the mem cop.
So at least from his perspective, you're not getting mentally fucked by saying, I got to go play another full year junior where you get the full half year of NHL money.
You get to play the pro hockey, you get the excitement of world juniors and then off and running the tinfoil hat part i think it might have been a little fake feud going on between
ron francis and hackstall about the ice time situation to throw the decoy off so he could go
down to expose this rule that fuck i don't think anybody knew about maybe maybe friedman knew about
it because he was like the only guy in the world who reads the CBA
other than Gary Bettman but to see that they were able to expose it and drag it out all the way now
till the basically the middle of January is a perfect fucking situation for the Seattle Kraken
so that's my tinfoil hat theory that they've they've had this plan the entire time you know
what I think this I'm a fucking moron. He's got to play.
He's got to play.
And Coachella Valley, they're opening a new barn as well, too.
I don't know if he's going to get any games in there,
but it doesn't hurt to have him playing,
whether before or during opening a new barn.
But, Biz, what's their logo, Coachella?
Is it like a topless chick with body paint dancing all weird and shit?
With their nickname.
I'm Googling it.
The Firebirds.
Did you ever go to Coachella?
I like that.
Biz, did you ever go to Coachella?
That seems like something you would have done.
I bet you think it is something I would have done now, don't you?
Wow.
It kind of looks a little.
Before I answer that, do you agree with the fake fight theory between Ronnie Francis and
Haxtell, the little media war going on there the decoy i wouldn't be surprised if they kind of had this
in the cards maybe a little pre-planned out thank you ra it's not a serious beef i mean yeah just
play the shit they they knew this rule that other people apparently didn't ron francis is no dummy
i mean you can quibble with his moves over the years but he's certainly not a dumb guy so i
wouldn't be fucking completely uh surprised if that was the case,
because I'll put a foil hat on right alongside.
And to answer your question, no, I'm not a basic bitch.
I'm not a fucking pumpkin spice latte drinker like the bottom six of the Oilers.
I'm not wearing the Uggs boots and flowing up the fucking Instagram posts.
So, no, I have never been to coachella all right
and nor nor have i been to stage coach which is something i would probably rather go to
and listen to country music than go to fucking coachella thank you well we just backed into our
next segment did you just get into what the bottom six of the oil is basic bitches pumpkin spice
lattes you're calling them biz what's uh what all about? What, you're going to defend your boys here?
Well, listen.
What am I supposed to say?
The Edler hit in LA on McDusty.
I probably would have came off the bench 10 game suspension.
I don't give a fuck.
You send the tone.
You set the message.
The fact that that happens and nobody, hey, listen,
was there a little bit of fisticuffs right after the play happened?
Sure.
But after that, no big response from the bottom six
seeing the only chicken, the only hope in hell you have
of winning a Stanley Cup just got lit up at the blue line
by Alex Edler.
You got to come over the, you got to come over the top ropes, brother.
He got Hyman with a similar hit, and he got suspended, I think.
I don't know if it was last year when it happened,
but Hyman after the game was pretty critical of, like,
that guy's doing that on purpose.
Are you talking about when he got Stahl at the Worlds?
Edler got Hyman with a similar knee and got suspended for it.
Oh, wow.
Okay, I never saw that clip.
I saw the one on Stahl at the international competition at the world.
So Adler is kind of a sneaky,
a sneaky guy who throws some big massive hits.
Our bottom six is nothing to write home about.
Not going to, not going to lie on that, but like I let be all right.
I defend.
I let biz talk his nonsense because we all saw how it went last year.
Like, yeah, hopefully the bottom six improves and they get some scoring
and they actually, or if not scoring, some energy,
and they end up bringing their games to another level.
But Biz can squawk away all he wants.
He's got 15 favorite teams and they all stink.
Well, he looked good a couple days later anyways, McDavid.
Yet another overtime game-winning goal.
I think it was his 56th game-winner already.
So he was looking good there.
But did you think that hit was intentional with the other one?
Because I guess he's had some greasy hits over the years,
like you were just saying.
Do you think it was, like, accidentally on purpose?
Because the legs, they were both moving kind of the same time.
Because he's had instances prior i toward tend to lean towards
it was a little dirty but watching the video and in slow-mo it kind of looked incidental a little
bit i know oilers fans may be all over me for that but i i would probably lean towards he didn't do
that on purpose i know it's crazy and listen i'm not being biased to mcdavid here either if you're
an la kings fan i i don't care about the hit as far as
like whether it was on i didn't i wasn't even judging it the fact that he even touched mcdavid
is should be where the response happens that's my opinion it doesn't it doesn't matter if it
was clean or dirty it's like you're gonna try to line up our best player and throw a big massive
hit and people say oh why do guys always got to respond
for big hits so it puts the seed of doubt in their mind where next time where he's got him lined up
maybe he doesn't because he knows there's a response coming hey call me a caveman call me
a dinosaur call me the old way of thinking i don't give a fuck pasta took a pretty decent hit from
somebody the other night and pavol friggin zaka went in there and like did something so it's
from somebody the other night and Pavol friggin' Zaka went in there and like did something.
So it's, yeah, I know what you're saying.
Like if anyone touches him, get in there.
And they did right away.
There was a little bit of a skirmish.
There was a 2022 NHL skirmish.
But going over to his goal for the Vegas Golden Knights.
Oh, my God.
Hey, so much so that even the Boston Bruins legend,
Bob York, chimed in on twitter i didn't even
know he had a twitter all right i didn't either i knew his uh firm did or his agency there but i
didn't know he had his own and he retweeted the chicklets account i was like holy shit man that
was pretty pretty awesome to see so thank you to number four bob you're the best david never ceases
to amaze me he is just something else so he's in that echelon. He's not far
away from potentially getting on that
Mount Rushmore the way that he's got
to get the Stanley Cup. Well, there's not everybody
is showing proper respect to Conor McDavid,
the best player on the planet. Our buddy Big Cat,
he's got some weird beef with him. So
we're going to bring on Big Cat right now. He's going to have
some of this fresh new coffee, I'm sure, but
he has to say he is a hater.
Send it over to Big Cat.
This interview is brought to you by GameTime.
GameTime is the ticketing app that
makes it easier than ever to score the best
deals on tickets to sports, concerts,
and shows, and they guarantee the lowest
price.
If you haven't given GameTime a shot yet,
I do not know what you're waiting for.
You guys are going to love this app.
We've had tons of Barstool and Spittin' Chicklets fans using it,
hitting us up on social media about all the great deals they're getting
and how easy it is to use the app.
We recently actually used game time for tickets to the Edmonton Oilers,
my squad, visiting Carolina in Raleigh,
where Carolina shit-pumped them,
and Shvetchnikov continued to own the Oilers.
So it wasn't a great experience game-wise for me to see my team lose,
but game time got us in the building and made it a special night.
So download the game time app,
go to the account tab to create a login,
and redeem code CHICKLETS for 20 off your first purchase.
Download game time, last minute tickets. Lowest price guaranteed.
Now it's a pleasure to welcome back to the show. It's been a while. Our buddy
on the most popular sports podcast in the world, Todd Mytake.
Big Cat, welcome back to Spittin' Chicklets. How you been, my man?
Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. It's great to be back.
Most popular podcast in America.
You guys have Canada on lockdown. We know that.
We're like the Spin Chicklets and PMT.
We're like the greatest tag team podcast of all time,
where it's like we just have North America on lock.
I think we need maybe a Mexican. Is Mexico part of it?
Yeah, yeah.
We need a Mexican podcast to finish the uh the total domination
of north america we gotta start this conor mcdavid stuff big cat i mean i you're my boy but like
what the fuck i mean come on you're watching my country man you're you're trolling entire
that's why you don't try to i was almost on congress changing and helping that nation
and you troll it in so many ways that The I'm sorry and trolling McDavid.
Let me ask you a question.
You guys all saw the clip.
Is it our fault that Ryan Whitney has a pigeon brain
and he fell for the troll?
Like, is that our fault?
Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait.
You don't think I knew you were trolling?
I'm pretty sure he mentioned it.
He mentioned it.
Look at me. You knew that I knew you were trolling? I'm pretty sure he mentioned it. He mentioned it.
Look at me.
You knew that I knew you were trolling.
Okay.
All right. So you might have known.
But when I saw the replies to the tweet and people were like,
is this guy serious?
Why don't they stay on the ice the whole time?
Like, come on.
Obviously, that's the easiest thing
to say but i would say that if conor mcdavid was the best athlete in the world he would
he would go for like five minute shifts maybe uh but that's neither here nor there we we are a
little bit more gullible north of the border but to completely squash this can you please publicly
apologize to the entire country of canada because our lord and savior mcjesus is by far the best athlete in their individual sport he's the best athlete on the
planet right now i want to hear it out of your fucking mouth mr stella blue now no who is who's
the most dominant athlete compared to their peers in what sport? Tell me. Patrick Mahomes. Patrick Mahomes playing quarterback at a level that is just out of this world.
He has one Super Bowl.
Okay, and how many Stanley Cups does Conor McDavid have?
You want to do this with?
He has never, ever had the team and the teammates
comparable to Patrick Mahomes in that wagon.
And no Andy Reid. And no Andy Reid.
And no Andy Reid.
That's for sure.
Okay.
All right.
And Andy Reid's eating habits.
Let's actually have a real discussion here.
I think Connor McDavid's incredible.
But would you guys not agree that you got to win one before you're in that level?
Is that not fair?
Is that like this is now like you can be the best player in the world but and i know it's a team sport i know there's got to be a lot
of guys around them it hockey's very tough to win a stanley cup probably the toughest trophy to win
in all sports but would you not agree that maybe he even has to get to a stanley cup final before
we start talking about him being the most dominant athlete in all of sports that
feels like i feel like if we get that one then maybe we can start having the conversation
what steph curry does what steph curry does to the game of basketball and like guys not being
able to defend him we're like that's out of this world we're talking about a guy if he wasn't on
the oilers they'd be drafting first overall every year. The fact that they're even making playoffs is insane. And that speaks to the volume of not only his athleticism,
but his hockey talents. And he is on the planet right now compared to his peers. He is the best
single athlete. We can't talk about championships. If you want to talk about the goat discussion,
absolutely. The Mount Rushmore discussion, you want to talk about the goat discussion, absolutely.
The Mount Rushmore discussion, you got to win a cup first. But as far as just an individual talent, you don't talk about championships.
We're not doing that.
We're not doing that.
All right.
Well, championships do matter.
You never won one, so I understand.
I won a cup, bitch.
A Calder Cup, bitch.
I have a Calder Cup.
I like this, too, because Grinnelli texted me.
And, Whit, I had the day that I brought you through.
That was today.
We did all the shows.
And Grinnelli was like, hey, can you come on and just plug Stella Blue real quick?
I didn't realize I was getting ambushed by the three of you guys.
You thought we were just going to give you a free commercial for your new wonderful coffee?
The fact that you guys have been thinking about this
troll for the last month,
I'm sorry that I've wrecked your brain.
I've had to call off the guards. I talked
to Trudeau, and I said, listen,
I'm getting him on the podcast.
Just pump the brakes. I know that he went
at our Lord and Savior here, but let
me just talk him off the ledge. He's going to do a public
apology on our podcast.
Everybody in politics in Canada listens to our podcast.
I don't know if you.
I'm above Trudeau in the government.
That's a fact.
I'm above him.
I'm telling you right now.
You are in the House of Parliament.
Open election.
Shout out, by the way, if we're talking Canadian politics,
shout out the Toronto Argonauts for winning the great cup.
I know it was Rob Ford's favorite team.
R.I.P. My guy my my big guy rob ford um conor mcdavid's exceptional i mean if you want to talk no championships right i actually threw out another one shohei otani what he did this
year yeah he's very valid like that's just it's crazy that shoohay otani hit what 30 plus home runs and had an era in the twos
like that's that's big ruth stuff yeah insane what he does and maybe this maybe how we meet
halfway is just say like let's just respect all greatness you know like conor mcdavid's great
steph curry's great patrick mahomes great shohay otani's great let's just respect all greatness
without having to to belittle ourselves and go down to this
conversation of like who's the goat and definitely not when you say your goat is a guy who has no
rings you know maybe we should put a pot of coffee on here dan and have a little peace talk thank you
some stellar blue perhaps your new coffee line tell the folks about it the commercial was
tremendous with your dog that the whole idea was was brilliant so where did the idea
come from how long have you been such a coffee nut for like give us a little background here daniel
no one's gonna buy my coffee after you guys bombarded me with that because people are gonna
be so mad by the way i think uh uh kale mccarr is actually the best player in the nhl i'll just
throw that out there as well so you're trying to move some units in colorado the southern state
i'm just saying is that where you get your beans, Colorado?
Big southern market biz.
Yeah, big southern market.
He wants a house in Aspen, Biz, or Vail, actually.
Is that not a  is Kel McCarr in the conversation?
Because he does everything.
Yes, he is.
I think he's only got a few goals this year.
So right now, the pace that McDusty's on,
I don't think anybody's competing with him, but nor here nor there.
So put me down for Kale McCarr as being the most dominant player in all sports right now.
And he loves coffee.
And he loves coffee.
Yeah.
So I mean, I love coffee.
I've always loved coffee.
I got two kids.
I need coffee to survive.
And Biz actually came up with the idea when he was on PMT.
He was like it was like maybe a month and a half ago. He's like, you should start a coffee company.
I was like, good idea. So it only took like three weeks. We built the whole thing.
And yeah, business basically credits for everything.
I almost I almost blew the cover. But when I said that, I'm like, man, I just I would buy your coffee just for the amount of memes you post about it, which I mean, I don't think you've missed yet.
Right.
So, well, it's a mean streak.
Begin.
Sorry to like.
Was that all a long play?
No, no.
And what you can you can what you know in our to actually all three of you guys have been around forever and in such such an integral part of barstool you know that at this company we are idiots idiots idiots idiots like
dumb person myself so i started as memes and then it took like six months and erica was like why
don't you start your own coffee company i was like shit i never even thought about that like
that's a pretty good idea i would have just just been, if it weren't for Erica,
I would have just been memeing till the day I die.
I would have been like, I would have died.
I would have been on my deathbed, and my kids would have been like,
where's our inheritance?
I'd be like, here, I have a fucking meme for you.
Given the context of the story,
maybe you should start an organic blend as well.
Because right now you have, there you go.
There you go.
So you have a light roast a medium roast and then the electric avenue dark roast yes i i just realized too this
is this is just the scene from wayne's world where they're doing all the commercials and it's like we
got with this pink whitney shit you with your big deal brewing i got so like we're just like
we'd never sell out right guys oh this is a this might not be a good time i never would have said that this might not be i never
would have either yeah this might not be a good time to steal some of your thunder but ra is
actually coming out with a little bit of competition he's actually going to release
a tea oh yes yes okay just just announced right now just a splash of crack in it yes and grinelli's coming out with
mousetraps uh but going back to the cop so like how was the whole process of figuring out what
you wanted to do with it obviously you come out with the three rows in which you're are available
in a bundle package talk us through the whole process of starting of all is this how he does
interviews i can't take him serious like this what do you mean mean? I mean, you're just doing like you're like,
I feel like I'm sitting next to you and Wano on the set.
Like we're just doing this.
Take us through that goal.
Take us through that goal.
No, no, because I'm curious.
Are you getting question shame right now, Biz?
I'm getting fucking question shame.
He's getting question shame.
You're Jack Hughes, big guy.
I'm taking a time out.
I'm taking a time out.
No, I'm taking a time out. Keep'm taking a time out. No, I'm taking a time out.
Keep him in, Biz.
It was a great question.
I'm just not used to you being like, you know, a real journalist.
Professional.
You were professional there.
What was the question?
I can't even remember it.
The process of the coffee.
How many poops a day do you take after consuming
all your coffee?
A lot, a lot.
No, the, um, it was crazy because we, so Erica told me like, Hey, let's do this.
And I was like, all right, well, I don't, I don't know what to do.
And she's like, well, we have people like you guys, when you come to the office in New
York, do you ever go up to the third floor?
Yes.
in New York do you ever go up to the third floor yes the third floor has like a hundred people who are so goddamn talented and like they all the amount of people like so so uh Will Walker I'll
just name a few Will Walker Courtney and and this guy Trevor they were like the three that kind of
spearheaded it and they basically like and Stu too they not stew finer they uh like learned everything about coffee
they learned everything about the business they took me to this place called regal uh coffee that
does our our bagging and all the beans and everything we went and tried 60 cups of coffee
uh they like dialed down the taste to exactly what i wanted all the branding the websites uh it's nuts it's nuts like
it's more like blew my mind like oh my god like we actually barcelona has the power to do these
things and do them efficiently when i just think about like where we were so many like five six
years ago where it was like i don't know like if we it's like the uh old hypothetical how long would
it take you if you had to build like a rocket to get to the moon or or how long would it take you
to build a boat if you had to be like columbus and go across the ocean how long would it take me
five years ago to build a coffee company just with me i remember when i first years i remember when i
first joined barstool i think like once a week somebody was bitching at all business pete because the wi-fi wasn't working at the fucking office it still doesn't work
yeah that still doesn't work but yeah all business feet still there getting bitched at
oh yeah oh yeah he's a lifer i i love the barstool lifers where it's like dude you're not going
anywhere for anything like you're here forever and there's nothing you're gonna do about it like
you're stuck with us we're stuck with you it just is what it is his voice right now is
disgusting oh gross i heard his voice i had to i had to go i was like that's him i had to see the
video of it dave made him stop talking when we were on the maxion tour first day he comes in he
tries to talk and dave's like are you sick and then just he literally didn't say a word for the rest of the time he also another side just a funny all business beat the guy works i don't ever tell him
i said this uh ever okay i if you if you repeat this i will i will deny it till the day i die
but he works insanely hard and like sets things up to make us look good that like he's flying around
the country he's doing all this stuff we've been doing the college football show for five years i
want to say you know i don't know six or seven uh saturdays in the fall we do the on-site location
this year we're at penn state he walks onto the bus and dave looks at me, goes, you come to these things. I was just like, oh, my God.
I will say he's got that.
And he really he meant that he was like, I didn't know you come to these things.
That's how good Pete is, though.
He's working behind the scenes, like making sure everything looks great.
It was like, oh, he must deep down hate Dave so much.
That's just such a shriveling.
He's always got a resting bitch face
i feel like the guy like he has that look where he just like hates my gut yeah he's a grumpy
bastard i always say hi how you doing yeah no he people sometimes come to my desk and he like
early in the morning like when it's just like three people in the office and he and i will
have like a 10 or 15 minute talk about like our kids or whatever and just like real human being
talk and then at the end we'll And just like real human being talk.
And then at the end, we'll just be like, that was weird. Like, get out of here.
Like, I don't want to talk to you anymore.
Like, don't, don't ever say it.
Don't ever say we did this.
All right.
I think you had one, didn't you?
Yeah.
I mean, yeah, I'm relatively new newbie to coffee.
I just started drinking a couple of years ago.
Like what, what, what has the most oomph like caffeine wise?
Like people think the doc roast is, but I heard that's not true.
So break it down for us. Great, great question ra that's how you ask the question
biz fuck off the uh the the it blew my mind when we went to the to the regal factory the dark roast
has the least amount of caffeine because everyone's always like oh the strongest coffee is the dark
roast they burn the caffeine out of the dark roast so that's why it like has that burnt uh taste to it so light actually has the most caffeine
i have probably used that fun fact a hundred times in the last six months no one really thinks it's
that fun but they all are like oh that's cool so i appreciate anyone who i've told that to is like
giving me the time of day to be like interesting fact fact. Well, I'm glad now that I know, cause I,
I need the most lump cause like coffee actually has double the caffeine at
tea. I mean, I like a cup of tea, but when you like need a little,
like a, like a boost, you need fucking some coffee. So go ahead,
because I knew you wanted,
well, I, I, I, have you told the story about like the name of it and like,
you know, why you named it Stella blue? Yeah.
To our audience. Yeah. I don't want you to cry though Dan well that was Hank's fault that's your boy Hank with Hank sat me down
and was like we need to do a backstory of uh of the coffee brand building the brand and he asked
like like five or six softball questions and then he's like what about your dog Stella she's sick
and I was like oh cool dude and so I just I I started to get a little
teary-eyed but yeah Stella has uh been with us for uh she's 11 and a half so I adopted her before I
even started at Barstool and she uh she's been through the move Chicago to New York used to be
back in the day we were just I'd be sitting blogging 15 blogs a day and she'd just be sitting
next to me all day um and so i was like
she she has a kidney disease which is incurable with dogs she's a she's an older dog so it's not
like you know it's it's sad but it's also you know she's an older dog so you know we found out i
think like maybe nine months ago that she had a kidney disease so it was like this just happens
and uh it's like you know as much time as we get with her is awesome and so i was like, this just happens. And it was like, you know, as much time as we get with her is awesome.
And so I was like, why not?
You know, my favorite thing in the world to do back before kids and everything was just
wake up, take her for a long walk, get a cup of coffee, gamble my face off.
And so figured why not have her legacy live forever with Stella Blue.
So it was kind of a great story.
That's a great name too. And, and it's funny,
like Hort noise dogs named Stella too. Right. Yeah. Well,
I have a theory. I have a theory that there's guy dog names.
You can use any name. Like you could name a bulldog, Kevin, right?
You can't name a girl dog like Samantha. there's not a lot of girl dog names when you
actually break it down like it's like sadie stella stella's barking right now like what are
what are the girl dog names that you guys know like because you know what i mean like you need
a dog and it's like katie i don't know but somebody with a somebody with a dog named sam
sam right now is just cursing you out.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, yeah.
But I'm right.
They're wrong.
Like, Stella's just a great dog name.
Big Cat, I named my dog Ravioli, and she's a girl.
I think that's a great dog name.
Yeah, that's weird.
It's a corgi.
I think it fits perfect.
Yeah, all right.
Corgi's a weird dog.
Yeah, she's a little fatty.
We call her ravi so it
works perfect that's good i like that but yeah like you can't like if you need a bulldog named
george or bill you're like that that dog rocks if you meet like a bulldog named like katherine
what you know what i mean it was up katie like it's just it's something about it i don't know what it is but like it
just doesn't really work so yeah so big cat where can people uh get this online so people listen
they want to try it out all right i don't care what what biz and wit say about you when you're
not around you're fucking good at this well thank you buddy mucho apreciado so such a mean thing i
just did there uh stella blue coffee.com
i love doing that to people being like dude i don't care what everyone says like
you're not that bad of a guy you're not gonna be sharing your joke man come on yeah we get it but
well i don't know i made it uncomfortable for you guys still coffee.com you brought up the college
football show now uh who are like who are the fucking teams are watching like what have you
been following the most in the football world uh in the last couple weeks why don't you you give because
wit obviously follows but why don't you take a take a stab at it who's who's left
what do you mean like you you you tell me just like i just want to hear what you
uh i don't know i don't know college football wise yeah i. College football wise. Yeah. I mean,
I know that Alabama got knocked off two games this year,
so they're not in the number one seat anymore.
Ah,
God.
Is TCU a name?
Yeah.
Okay.
So TCU,
but I was,
I was asking more about like,
what are the top stories?
Like what's the drama that's going on?
I know a couple of these guys mentioned before we hopped
on here this this guy guy for the jets saying that like no the game wasn't their fault when
they only scored three points the fact that they lost yeah but that that guy's out plowing his mom's
friends in the offseason like i don't know enough about the nfl but tell me what the fuck is going
on yeah that was zach wilson that um i mean you you guys can say to it like if you were in his
locker room would you not be ripped shit like the the Jets defense is elite held the Patriots to
three points for the entire game he Zach Wilson played like shit he's played like shit for the
majority of the year and then afterwards he's like are you holding back this team and he's like
or like do you feel responsibility uh for like a great defensive
performance the offense not doing their part he's like no it's crazy it's crazy so like how do you
not take some accountability yeah it'd be like a goalie giving up seven goals and being like nah
the defense so i saw a meme or a tweet through the same amount of games started he's pretty much exactly if not worse
than jamarcus russell he's he's so bad he's so bad wit he is so bad so i think it's because he's
out pounding his mom's friends instead of getting his nose i feel like that would get him going if
anything no do you know what it is and maybe this is i don't really know like i'm trying to think
about the analogy for hockey because hockey is different where like guys play in the minors for a really long time.
They, they build themselves up and they get to a point where it's like, okay, you can handle the pro game.
It's called the CFL.
Right.
Right.
The, there's something about college football, especially with quarterbacks, like a quarterback can be great in college football.
And you kind of don't know if they've got it for the NFL until you see it.
And it's like maybe this guy just doesn't have it like he was great in college.
And then there's no like minor league. You could say college football is minor leagues, but like there's no like intermediary step for them where it's like they get thrown in as like, oh shit like no so i'm trying to do and i've said this before and i know that they
like the cfl probably won't agree to it because it's actually in fact older than the nfl and
there's so much history behind it but i don't understand why they don't turn it to somewhat
of a development league yeah i know the even with the rules being different like i don't know maybe
even adjust those and like find a happy median but but they got to find an AHL for football.
Yeah.
They tried to make one league that that's kind of,
it's kind of brutal.
And the XFL and the USFL are coming back this spring,
but the problem is they don't like,
if they could ever really do it correctly,
they'd have to do it with the NFL where guys can go up and down the roster.
You know what I mean?
You said it in the podcast today he goes the kid needs
to play because we were talking about shane right where why haven't they thought to develop some
sort of minor league system for football because college football is such an enormous market and
like the way it works these schools get all the money the ncaa has all the money the the scouts
in the nfl then it's just like like it's it's worked so perfectly now.
They don't need a minor league.
So wait, Shane, right for the Kraken, right?
Yeah. Yeah.
I know it's sports knowledge.
I know my shit.
Come on.
It's sports knowledge.
I think Connor McDavid might be the most dominant athlete in all the sports.
Big cat.
I just want people to buy coffee.
And I realize you guys fucking ambush me.
Every hockey fan is going to listen to the first part of this interview
and be like, I fucking hate this guy.
It's already been banned.
How many cups of coffee you hammer down a day?
Four to five.
Are you going straight black?
Are you just throwing a little cream, a little sugar?
Switch it back and forth.
No sugar, never sugar because I'm fat enough.
If I added sugar.
I feel like you're slimming up a little bit.
You got a trainer?
You know what it is? Let you guys know. I, if I added sugar. I feel like you're slimming up a little bit. You got a trainer? You know what it is?
Let you guys know.
I heard you got a trainer.
Oh, you're wearing the Spanx?
I'm wearing Spanx.
What are you going, the Oscars later?
I'm wearing Spanx, baby.
Is that Kim Kardashian's line?
I'm wearing Spanx, and I am not ashamed of it.
I would wear Spanx.
Dude, you should wear Spanx.
I went down to LSU for LSU Ole Miss,
and I'm not going to say the guy's name because I don't know
if he's comfortable outing himself as a Spanx guy,
but it's a guy who is a very successful person.
We were talking, and we were catching up,
and he was like, you're looking kind of slim.
And I was like, eh, I don't feel slim.
And he's like, yeah, you know what the secret is.
And he pulled up his shirt, and he had Spanx on. He's like, I was like, damn,
that's it. Isn't it? And I just admit it. Like, I just tell people like, yeah,
people like you're looking slim. I'm like, yeah, dude, it's the Spanx.
I don't care. I look good in pictures. I feel, I feel tighter.
Yeah. And feeling tighter must be nice.
Had they came on as a,
had they came on as a podcast sponsor yet now that you're somewhat of a brand ambassador?
Probably the biggest one other than Kim K.
Yeah, they did hit me up.
They're going to send me some free stuff.
Maybe we can get them to sponsor.
But also, like, I get it when when girls talk about, like, taking off their bra after a long day of work.
When I take the Spanx off after a long day day of work the sausage just falls out and it feels so
good oh my goodness oh it's like don't let the stank out granelli's already got uh uh chiclets
spanx uh shirts being printed for the black friday sale 20 off if i can tell anything like
fuck fuck the coffee who cares you want you want to buy it great if you don't
like whatever that's fine i probably i probably lost some people anyway beginning of the
conversation but if i can impart one piece of wisdom to the listeners spitting chiclets the
great listeners spitting chiclets number one podcast in in canada don't be ashamed to wear Spanx. Don't you feel like we don't, we don't question shame and we don't fat shame around.
No,
no.
If let me ask you a question,
what's easier going,
getting a trainer,
going to the gym every day for six months or 20 bucks on Amazon for a pair
of Spanx.
That's a great point.
I mean,
this is,
this is true.
Like, you know, uh, uh, work smarter, not harder type of energy.
What's catching what's what, what, what, what, what's like catching your eye as far as NHL action and the, uh, you've been following it all. I know you got so many sports that you
got to keep track of. What do you, um, you guys cut out there for a second.
I want to say so far what's been catching my eye with the NHL season is the
hold on.
You guys are cutting in and out.
The Bruins haven't lost.
And the Stars look really strong too.
There you go.
Yes.
So to the Knights.
And also the devils, the devils are incredible.
If I had to pick four teams and I don't, I don't know, I haven't really tuned in the
four best teams in my opinion right now are the Knights, the stars, the Bruins and the
devils.
Great insight.
That's great insight.
And the worst teams in the league, the Great insight. That's great insight. And the worst teams in the
league, the Senators stink.
The Ducks are terrible.
What do they got, like
11 points? I don't know. I'm just guessing.
They have not
won a game in regulation.
I do love
hockey. It's just
at this point in the season,
there's so much football going on like i'm
the same people will be like oh but you watch it like i don't know outside of watching the bulls
like i don't know what's going on the nba either like i don't those seasons don't start for me
until january like they just don't i can't i there's too much shit going on every single night
and so um but yeah i think i nailed my analysis right yeah you crushed it fucking
supply you might be the next guy on tnt we had yan step in last week we should throw you up there
with uh wayno wayno talking and i'm ready to go uh uh what is it what does eddie always say
keep your keep your uh stick on the ice keep your stick good things will happen stick on the ice
big cat i know you're a busy guy We thank you so much for coming on.
Pardon my take as the podcast, Stella Blue is the coffee.
Get some, and hopefully we'll see you soon down headquarters, my man.
I thank you guys.
I really appreciate it.
I love your guys' show.
I love all of you guys individually.
And I apologize to Canada.
There you go.
Sorry.
Sorry.
There it is.
I apologize to Canada, so go buy some coffee.
And Connor McDavid, I'm going to put him in my Mount Rushmore of most dominant athletes right now. There you go. Sorry. Sorry. There it is. I apologize to Canada. So go buy some coffee. Sorry.
Connor McDavid. I'm going to put him in my Mount Rushmore of most dominant athletes right now.
And you know, my homes, Steph Curry, Connor McDavid. How does that sound?
There you go. I'll take that. That's a great that the Holland soccer player in Man City.
Big Cat also showed out the YouTube clip of when you're just chasing Stella around your apartment.
One of an all time is when you're just chasing Stella around your apartment. One of an all-time is when you're
filming a podcast, screaming at her.
I guess people could YouTube that.
Come here.
In my old apartment in Chicago when we were doing
KFC radio.
This is how he's going to sell
the coffee. That looks like the dog
that truck stick me in the woods. What kind of
dog is that? Maybe he's coming at you. Pure mutt. Pure we go. That looks like the dog that truck stick me in the woods. What kind of dog is that? Maybe he's coming
at you. Pure mutt.
Pure mutt. We did the
whatever the 23andMe is
for dogs. It was like
pit bull,
cattle dog, eagle,
like everything. She had shepherd
like everything. Eagle. She's
as much of a mutt as it gets,
which is the best type of dog
the dogs no one wants that's the ones you want nope no adopt don't shop oh last thing there is
a a portion of the money is going to be going to uh pause chicago where i adopted stella so
if you like dogs it's great coffee i really do think it's great coffee but if you like dogs, it's great coffee. I really do think it's great coffee. But if you like dogs, this is helping dogs as well.
We appreciate you, brother.
I got to get my hands on some of that Java.
Yeah.
Congratulations, man.
I'm looking forward to trying some.
Maybe you can send me some for the day you put me to work.
All of you send me your address and I'll send you some.
All right.
All right.
Sounds good, buddy.
Congratulations, man.
That interview was also brought to you by Shopify.
It's time to knock that new business idea out of the park with Shopify,
the all-in-one commerce platform to start, run, and grow your business.
Forget the off-season work.
Shopify makes it simple to sell to anyone from anywhere.
Whether you're selling warm-ups or wall hangers,
it's time to start selling with Shopify
and join the platform,
simplifying commerce
for millions of businesses worldwide.
With Shopify,
you'll customize your online store to your brand,
discover new customers
and build the relationships that create diehard fans.
Shopify fields all the sales channels
to grow a winning business
from an in-person POS system
to an all-in-one e-commerce platform, even across social media platforms like TikTok,
Facebook, and Instagram. And thanks to 24-7 support and free on-demand business courses,
Shopify is on your team every step of the way. When you're ready to take your winning ideas to
the world, team up with Shopify, the commerce platform powering millions of businesses down the street and around the globe.
Try out Shopify for free today and start selling anywhere.
Sign up for a free trial at Shopify.com slash chicklets, all lowercase.
Go to Shopify.com slash chicklets to start selling online today.
One more time, Shopify.com slash chicklets to start selling online today. One more time, shopify.com slash chicklets.
Well, he's our buddy, but we don't agree with him.
Big cat, hell of a guy, but I don't know.
I don't know what this McDavid stuff is.
Either way, get his new coffee, Stella Blue.
It's good stuff.
If you're into coffee, I got to get my hands on some.
I will say I've had it every day that I've gone into the office.
I've had it.
They have tons there.
It is incredible. I love the light roast, the medium roast gone into the office. I've had it. They have tons there. It is incredible.
I love the light roast, the medium roast, and the dark roast.
All amazing.
You can get them in bundle packages as well.
So a pretty cool story.
Named it after his dog.
And yeah, it's all good stuff.
Now, R.A., I know you don't agree with his McDavid take.
Maybe your answer back is you start your own tea.
Maybe your own tea line.
Wow.
Since you're the big tea guy on the podcast.
I told you before the show,
I don't think I ever got this many DMs about anything.
Yorkshire tea, I told everyone last week.
I must have like legit 40 DMs.
I went to go to Wegmans for it.
They didn't have it.
Amazon got it.
That's where I got it from Amazon.
I'm going to order it.
Oh, it's so goddamn good. But people, shout out to our fans over in england in the uk so many of them
are willing to ship it over to me which i appreciate fortunately i could already get it but
it's a tremendous tea so yeah maybe if anyone yorkshire is listening we get a little collab
going see what happens buddy all right you mentioned england there real quick so my family
owns a bar in boston it's called the greatest bar and they
are the England bar for, for Boston. So at like 9am this morning, the bar was fully packed with
everybody screaming and singing. And I'll say that like when the last time the world cup was going on,
I went to my family's bar for, to, for an england game it is the craziest environment in the world
and i know you're going to dive into the world cup talk but man like the englands the brits go
hard at 9 a.m basically everyone but americans actually americans have gotten hip to soccer
what's a perfect example we started the show i think we were probably goofing on soccer now you're
you're basically a footy head all of a sudden but we'll get to the world cup a little later uh the
flames of panthers had their first game since the big trade.
Those Florida fucking reverse retros, those blues, those are gorgeous.
But, Whit, I know you wanted to chime in on this big guy.
Maybe the biggest example of what Biz calls tummy sticks in NHL history,
Jonathan Huberto returning to Florida, Mackenzie Weger returning to Florida.
Those two guys, along with Barkov,
are the last three guys on the ice,
passing it back and forth.
Barkov sending Huberto in on breakaways,
just a complete, complete Tummy Stick Festival.
Come on.
The reverse 69 was a bit much.
The reverse 69 was a bit much.
It was.
Like, on the ice and far away.
I mean, we got fans.
We got fans announcing,
Barkov to Hubie one last time for an empty net breakaway.
It was just, wow.
And the Flames went on to get a big,
I think they got the shootout win.
Kachuk, I think, what did Kachuk, one and one?
But the Flames get the win.
So, yeah, I just thought you would have got a kick out of that, but it's just guys snapping around and warm-ups it used to be you could get
killed in warm-ups no ref on the ice now you're getting breakaway passes from your old buddy
i'm not sure if this is the way they did it last time but the way that they've launched the reverse
retros so it seems every one of them gets their day or at least they just do a couple each one
has been awesome and i've been very very
pleased with with most of the jerseys and the way they've executed them i agree i loved loved
the florida ones there's not there's really not too many i dislike i can't that's so on brand for
you so wait so all right you you're saying that one of the most positive feedbacks have have been
the minnesota wilds uh reverse retro. Oh, yeah, they're gorgeous.
They're basically the old North Star colors with pretty much the same logo,
and they got the stars going down on the pants.
Absolutely gorgeous.
A lot of people think they should be their regular jerseys all the time.
But, Whit, I wanted to ask you,
do you remember your first game back in Pittsburgh as a member of the Ducks?
Yeah, minus three.
We got smoked.
Okay, yeah, I looked it up uh november 16th pittsburgh you
played you played 24 51 two shots on goal minus three and a 5-2 loss 14 too many but your first
game against imagine biz playing 20 24 minutes i would have that was a season for that guy i would
have had a jammer your first game though it was actually at anaheim versus pittsburgh you played
28 37 that first game versus Pittsburgh.
You were a fucking Iron Man back there.
Oh, yeah, you know me.
If you don't stop, you can play 45 minutes.
When you don't go in the corners, R.A., and you don't touch a soul,
you can play a long time.
Oh, shit.
And I didn't even play a long time.
R.A., or Witt, you're the one who chirped me about the ice time.
I played 11 minutes one night in Edmonton.
I honestly, I thought I was going to have to amputate my legs.
Right to the hospital.
Oh, man.
That was the only optional skate I ever got off was the night after that
or the day after that game.
We were back in Arizona.
Ended up getting two of the greasiest assists you've ever seen
and played 11 minutes.
You had two apples in that game.
It was basically a national holiday in Arizona.
So I got the day off the practice,
and it was kind of nice to feel like a big dog for once
where I never, I never took my own.
Hey, you got a massage that day.
Trainers rubbing your quads up.
It's great effort last night.
Want to come do some power play work?
Yeah, it's like donor off the table.
Yeah, it's off the table.
I'm getting rubbed.
One masseuse each leg.
But no, that was the most I ever played in an NHL game with.
So, wow, 28.
That's impressive, brother.
Thanks, bro.
We probably lost that game too.
Actually, let's see.
Yeah, I think you did lose that one too uh actually let's see you i think yeah i think you did lose that one too um but hey
your old teammate alex goligosky awesome moment saturday night he had played his thousandth game
a few weeks back and he's been basically getting scratched ever since uh they you know they
celebrated before the game his whole family was there over time he ends up scoring the game when
a defenseman and they asked his parents uh the great route writer mike russo asked his parents for a reaction and his father his mom said we were like what the
hell is he even doing out there his mother like suing him like what's he doing out there in
overtime but just an awesome moment he gave the interview after he was very emotional the the
clip of uh creed uh dean evason going absolutely banana lands behind the bench like high-fiving
hugging everybody just an awesome moment.
Wait, I'll go to you on this.
I know he was an old teammate of yours as well.
Yeah.
Roommate of mine.
I've said many times on this show, he's a great, great person.
Not just a great hockey player and what a career he's had,
but a great human being.
And I was so happy for him.
He's got kids now.
He's got his wife.
He's, he's an older guy.
And dealing with getting scratched, it's hard, right?
Like this has probably been the toughest season of his career just because he's had such a great run in terms of being a top four defenseman, being in this league, being a great skater.
And all of a sudden now the team's struggling. He's not playing.
And he gets back in the lineup. He gets celebrated for a thousand games.
What a run. And he gets the OT winner.
It was just the perfect story and definitely a night he'll never forget. And seeing his parents go nuts, his kid was cheering, his
wife was cheering. And then how emotional he was. I'll tell you that clip and Malkin's son reading
the starting lineup for his thousandth game. I was waterworks all weekend. I was emotional
watching both of them, maybe because I know Goligoski real well and maybe because my son's the same age as it looked like Nikita Malkin was in reading the starting lineup.
It was just amazing to see it. It's so great. It's why hockey is the best sport in the world.
was I do not remember a time in which you saw a team that fired up to run on the ice and celebrate with a guy in an overtime regular season game.
I mean, you see the clip in the corner,
and Foligno is literally high-stepping like Yeruzioni
after he got the game winner against Russia.
He's going nuts, tackles him, and all the guys want to give Goose a hug.
And then just seeing a true pro in Goose give that interview
and really, really look like a baby back bitch crying his eyes out.
But why wouldn't he be?
It was just awesome to see.
I'm so happy for him and his family.
It was a cool moment.
Two amazing moments involving families.
And like I said, hockey's the greatest sport in the world.
You don't see that anywhere else.
Summarized perfectly by you, Witt.
I was also teammates with him,
and no surprise that was the reaction from his teammates
because even when he came here to play for Arizona,
will do anything for the boys.
Great guy in the locker room
and just assaulted the earth human being.
And the fact that he got to do it in his home state,
in front of the home crowd,
and in front of his parents is a very special
moment so uh congrats goose i know you're not going to be collecting any of your bets that you
uh that you beat wit on when you guys were playing video games and no i was scrubbing him
oh scrubbing him okay there you go yeah mike russo called that one of the coolest victories
in wild history and like you said if you if you're watching you had to agree that celebration was
awesome and back to gino not only the clip of his son in the locker room which very
emotional you could tell they both teared up what about the clip of all the boys on the rink with
the stretch they all oh my god that was absolutely apparently they did it when uh when Sid played his
thousandth they all did that as well they all did his warm-up where they do the stick routine and
all that so I would imagine he takes the stick off takes the gloves off reties the skates reties the skates does the whole the
exact same routine we've seen from from sid for all these years and i would imagine with letang's
coming up soon uh he'll be getting that treatment as well but so cool to see his kid read the card
and him get emotional as well with and just like you said, a very,
a very emotional weekend as far as hockey was concerned.
And on top of that,
even Hosa getting his Jersey retired.
So there was a lot of,
a lot of memorable moments.
And in terms of getting emotional,
Hughes just went to he share who went to brat for a rocket one-time
snipe to go up one,
nothing on the Oilers and the power play.
So the train keeps rolling.
Yeah, Bez Hoses, 81, went to the United Center Raft this Sunday night,
the first of many from those Blackhawk teams.
But 1,000, that seems to be the major number this week.
Phil Kessel played 1,000 games in a row, first guy ever to do it.
Impressive as all hell.
Sounded like he was even impressed as well.
Gee, let's run that clip of Kessel getting interviewed.
Yeah, I mean, today, like, I started thinking about 1,000, you know,
1,000 in general is a lot, and, you know, 1,000 in a row.
I don't know.
I was thinking, I don't know how I did it, but somehow I did, you know?
I mean, he's a guy who's pretty nonchalant, doesn't get fazed by much,
and even he was like, yeah, I thought about it today,
and I was wondering how I did it.
He got a nice little snazzy jacket.
I mean, Biz, are we ever going to see this again?
Yeah.
Never.
I was just going to say that.
This will never happen again, Biz.
I think it's so fitting and so perfect for hockey
that Phil Kessel will be the only person to ever play 1,000 straight games.
He's the Cal Ripken of the National Hockey League,
but it's Phil.
Yeah, that was a great, in terms of him being like,
yeah, I don't know how I did this.
But you could take the most Jack specimen of all time
and it would be the same thing in terms of like,
I don't know how I did this.
It's like 80 luck, if not more.
And I know preparation and being a pro
and all the things that go into playing that long in the NHL,
but it's luck, man, to not catch a puck or a stick
or something to injure you and get you out of a game
is just, it's almost a miracle in a sense.
And for him to do it, you're right, Biz, it's the perfect guy to have that record that i believe will never be touched and and i
mean i know baseball there's a lot more games in a season and guys take days of rest but that'd be
hard to do playing baseball to play the fastest game on earth that's full contact sport and play
1 000 a row that's why i don't think and as soft as the game is today compared to the way it was,
which is kind of even crazier to think about,
to the first, I don't know, five to six, seven years of his career,
the game was a lot more physical where guys were running around
and still trying to kill each other.
I think it slowed down to a certain extent with the way that the game's played.
So even with the way it is played, I don't think anybody's going to touch it and i agree with you wait does this cement his hall of fame chances
or enhance them enhance i'm not going to say phil kessel's a hall of famer right now i know that's
i have such a different biz had put in fucking i put in howler roman check in the hall of fame like
biz will throw anyone in there i i'm just like, when I look at the Penguins
and I look at the teams he won the Stanley Cup with,
it's like Crosby, Malkin, Hall of Fame.
And I look at the Bruins, it's like Bergeron.
And then I'm so tough on the Hall of Fame,
I'm not ready to throw Phil in.
People may think I'm crazy for that.
Yeah, it's an interesting one.
I mean, that's why they're called debates.
But how about this?
They sold 1 hot dogs for his Thousand Street game.
Biz, what would the arena sell for 1 at a big milestone game for you?
Condoms.
Why?
You don't know those?
Just big rubber dildos.
It's just like a giant care package, a big deal brewing, Pink Whitney,
It's just like a giant care package, a big deal brewing, Pink Whitney,
ribbed extra small condoms, KY gel, and like a choke collar.
Ribbed for her pleasure.
Basically, a full gag gift store.
Basically, a hot pop-up store.
Grab whatever you want for a buck.
A swipe up.
I'm trying to think of what they'd get for wit for a dollar a big ear an afro a balding afro will ferrell's body and like toenails that are way too long no you have
to think of something that's worth the price of a dollar like condoms was a good answer because
a buck a condom that's reasonable they give them away for free at the Olympic Village, for crying out loud. You've never even worn one.
It's because I got the Forsythia.
I just tie the top.
A dollar.
I don't know already.
What would you want for a buck?
A fucking old school price for a nice joint,
like old school hand-rolled bone.
Buck a joint.
One that nobody can smoke out of?
Yeah, Titus rolled a joint out of because you rolled it i just rolled
basically blowing into a trumpet uh i know i gotta be fucking if you need yeah it's like it's
almost like if you need to sober up smoke an ra joint yeah our uh what would you what would you
have i would say like a maybe like a little uh rubber mouse like little 1 rubber mouses would be great for me.
Okay, yeah.
I like that.
Especially if it's in Florida.
Oh, my God, the mouse clip of you.
That was fucking priceless.
A couple more strokes here.
John Tavares became the 107th NHLer to reach 400 goals Tuesday in Pittsburgh.
It was 128th goal as a Leaf.
And Sid and Ovi both passed Brian Trottier on the all-time points list last
week Ovi now 18th with uh 1427 points Sid is 17th with 1436 next up on the list T Musolani has 1451
by the way Sid on an absolute fucking tear uh 10 points in his last three games he's putting
his team on his back no surprise there before we any further, I want to talk to you about BetterHelp.
This episode is sponsored by BetterHelp.
And unfortunately, life doesn't come with a user manual.
So when it's not working for you, it's normal to feel stuck in a bad spot.
Navigating any of life's challenges can make you feel unsure,
whether it's a career change, a new relationship, or becoming a parent. It could be anything in life. Therapists are trained to help you figure
out the cause of challenging emotions and learn productive coping skills, which makes therapy
the closest thing to a guided tour of the complex engine called you. Just feeling stuck in any
aspect of life, talking to someone, I've done it, makes you feel so much better.
I think at many times it can make you feel at ease.
And I think any person who's ever feeling down should give it a shot and speak it to someone and try to get things figured out because it's definitely helped me in my life. And as the world's largest therapy service,
BetterHelp has matched 3 million people with professionally licensed and vetted therapists
available 100 online. Plus, it's very affordable. Just fill out a brief questionnaire to match with
a therapist. If things aren't clicking, you can easily switch to a new therapist anytime.
It couldn't be easier. No waiting rooms, no traffic, no endless searching for the right
therapist, which could be hard.
Learn more and save 10 off
your first month at BetterHelp.com
slash Chicklets. That's BetterHelp
H-E-L-P dot com
slash Chicklets.
What else? Oh, and congrats to Hillary Knight.
She became the first woman's player to be awarded
a performance. Yep, first woman's
player to be awarded a gold or silver stick by USA Hockey. It was a gold one. She has the all woman's player to be awarded a performance. Yep. First woman's player to be awarded a gold or silver stick by USA hockey.
It was a gold one.
She has the all-time points record and Rick record breaking for the world
championships.
It's a 22 pound solid Brown,
solid bronze stick.
It's fabricated to her exact specifications on her game sticks.
Pretty cool.
In the U S Canada that,
you know,
do this bond storm until they're playing all around the country,
the continent, I should say.
14,551 in Seattle the other night.
The largest home crowd in a woman's national team history.
So congrats, ladies.
Congrats to Hillary.
That's good stuff there.
Here's a funny one for you, Biz.
Senator's D-man Nikita Zaitsev is getting tooled on online.
Some dork fan made a meme.
His father said something to the guy online. The guy, like, barked back at his father. Then Zaitsev was getting tooled on online. Some dork fan made a meme. His father said something to the guy online.
The guy, like, backed back at his father.
Then Zaitsev was basically like, meet me.
Like, meet me face to face.
So you used to do this.
You used to offer fucking fans out on Twitter.
I still do every week, challenging fucking losers online, talking shit.
Let's go, baby.
Let's meet up.
Let's meet up.
Have a little chat.
The Sean Avery special.
Let's meet in the streets, baby.
Yeah, back in the day i i wouldn't i would say whatever on there it's just you know sometimes
these fans get a little too comfortable they need to be taught a lesson they need to be humbled
absolutely i agree 100 but uh either way i mean i think if he actually showed up i think it would
it was like when nate was mouthing off to what's his name uh right reeves in the office that time it's like what's
reeves gonna do beat up nate you know zaitsev probably like what do you what do you what's
wrong what you do like yeah that's what i think that nate needed yeah he needed to be smartened
up because they never been in the eye they never gotten their ass kicked growing up that's why they
run their mouth their antagonistic orbs well we're gonna're going to wrap it up. World Cup talk.
Like I said, you are the big soccer guy today.
Do you have any money on the U.S. today?
Do we get a chance to talk about Hosa's jersey retirement?
Yeah, I mentioned it briefly a few minutes ago.
Did you want to dive in a little further?
Oh, no.
So I had my cousin reach out today, and this was kind of a surprising story.
I never knew about this, but one of the first stories that Hosa told about when he came over during his speech when he came over to play in the quebec
peewee tournament well they ended up going to the niagara region and they got billeted to play a
couple of exhibition games when they got over here and my cousin jeff brown he's got a buddy
his father was the one who was building him and the story that Hosa
told was the father just to make his trip more memorable he goes hey I want to bring you out
and I want to buy you an NHL jersey to you know to bring back home and sure enough uh Hosa ended
up picking out uh a Chicago Blackhawks Steve Larmer and he told the story uh as one of his first stories so the
father who obviously followed his career was so moved that he had told this story like he didn't
think that he'd even remembered that it happened so i want to give the guy's name i go i told my
cousin jeff brown i said send me the guy's name over so i could get to mention it here and it was
uh george christina was the guy who who
billeted him so he he ended up saying hey if there's a way that you could put us in touch
because he was so moved by it so gee i know you you have a way of getting in touch with mary and
i'm sure that he would love to hear from this guy who ended up getting him his first national hockey
jersey which just so happened to be a blackhawks jersey so that's a that's a great story and it's
the perfect example of the guy george was probably he thought nothing of it i bet like oh let's get him a jersey and
like imagine imagine how much it meant to a kid from slovakia to come get an nhl jersey he ends
up becoming a hall of favor and bringing it up and his that is awesome and it's like the smallest
thing you could do for somebody that may mean nothing to you may actually like create one of the most
special days for somebody else and i've always kind of tried to remember that i was i was kind
of shocked because when he said he got him a jersey i said was it a mario lemieux jersey because
he always raved about how much he was watching super mario's clips so but yeah steve larmer
chicago blackhawks and a great story. So I appreciate my cousin Jeff Brown for calling me today
and mentioning that before I hopped on.
And a special night that, I mean, you're talking about Crosby.
He kind of stole the show a little bit there with that performance.
So a big goal late to give the boys a lift and a much-needed two points.
Stevie Larmer, he's definitely in the gum- gum chewing hall of fame for nhl players he was
one of those guys always fucking chewing gum during the game oh yeah he was basically a girl
from lynn masters he probably got it from michael jordan michael jordan was doing it in chicago he
made that chewing gum while playing famous yeah i think stevie yeah stevie before was he before
his time maybe maybe jordan got it from steve. Yeah, may well have. There you go.
Well, back to the World Cup.
Everyone's calling it a shit show, even though everyone's going to watch it.
Of course, it's in Qatar, Qatar, however you say it.
The tiny, notoriously strict country.
They pulled a wicked bait and switch.
They said they're going to have Budweiser beer.
They're the huge sponsor.
Then, what, a day or two before, they're basically, nope, zonk, no beer.
They're not going to have beer.
Of course, unless you're rich in one of those suites where all the elite people are, then you can have some booze in there.
Buddy Donnie does the wanton Don.
He's over there.
So they pull this shit.
And then I guess a bunch of teams were going to wear armbands today, which I guess they were very plain.
They were, you know, it was said like one love or something.
And then today, either FIFA or Qatar was like, no, you can can't wear them and people like what a clusterfuck it's just
all this like stupid like shit happens of course the human rights track record all the slave labor
that's built that you know real sports went on hbo the brian gumbel show it's a it's like a 60
minutes of sports they did a story like six or seven years ago about the building all these
places and you know they get
they call them migrant workers but it's like it's like modern day slavery these people are so poor
and desperate from like bangladesh nepal they actually have to pay like four thousand dollars
to get these jobs so then when they get there they got to pay off the debt and they're living
in squalor there's like 70 guys to like one bathroom it's fucking disgusting and they these
people die like on a daily basis
and then they get sent home in a box and it's like that's how it's like these people know how
bad it is but they're so desperate to try to better their lives and they just get exploited
so they built all these fucking stadiums it's just like it's it's ugly it's a shit show but
didn't they estimate that hundreds and hundreds of people died during the construction at one
point they estimated that 5 5000 people could die.
I don't think it ended up being that high.
I fucking hope it wasn't.
Who knows for anyone who is interested in learning more about this?
And you do not have to be a soccer or football, whatever you want to call it.
Fan, you go watch Netflix four part series on FIFA Uncovered.
I was blown away.
I would say every episode
is between 40 and 50 minutes.
You are looking
at one of the most crooked organizations
in the history of the world.
I'm talking craziness, dude.
Bribes, absolute getting away with murder
and doing things all selfishly related
in terms of these. It's like i can't even
describe what these people did the guy set bladder is his name yeah he is he's interviewed throughout
the entire thing he right now he's serving an eight-year suspension dude it is so crazy i can't
really i don't want to give it away but they have a fucking picture of the new fifa president who was like second in
charge he was the uefa president i don't even know his name but he's in the documentary he's
holding hands with putin for the 2018 world cup he's with the qatar regimen buddy in qatar no
drinking alcohol no homosexuality no immodesty whatever whatever that is, no profanity, no dating,
no loud music, not no not respecting places of worship. It is an absolute disgrace that the
World Cup is here. And they go into the fact that when they gave Qatar the World Cup, it was 2009.
This set bladder scumbag. You didn't have to give two world cup future hosts at once but because they're getting
all this money and they're getting this money just for them these individual guys collecting
money so they decided to name two world cup future hosts because that's just more money for them
18 russia 2022 qatar are you fucking kidding me vladimir putin with this guy it's just it is i i i i tell you all right now
you do not need to like soccer to watch this the first episode's a little slow and you'll be blown
away at the shit they were getting away with i i want to say of the of the 20 guys who were like
i'm gonna butcher this of like the 20 guys who were a part of like the main
pact with fifa There's like one
guy that's still there that was there when this all went down. It's just I mean, the United States
government, the FBI got involved in finding out these guys were legitimate scumbags. And it's
just incredible to see what they've done to the game of soccer, how they took Adidas and Coca-Cola
and took payments on their own to make FIFA money back in the day. It's just, it's a wild story. And RA, I know you've mentioned,
it's kind of the same thing with like the IOC.
I think they're probably very similar. I mean,
they had an Olympics in Russia. It's, it's all about the paybacks.
It's all about the cash and it's just disgusting.
Well, one part RA, did you end up watching the, the, the four part documentary?
I haven't yet. No, I didn't have time to squeeze.
So wait, I'll throw it back to you the the guy who was president before bladder who was was he a portuguese swimmer
brazilian our brazilian excuse me he was a swimmer i can't listen did they make some smart business
moves no doubt right because there was no money and the excuse that they used early on was that
was going to end up funding some of these countries who couldn't get the proper supplies in order like even just balls and gear let alone like fields and other
and other development needs but the way that bladder ended up getting control is because one
of the wires that that swimmer guy who was president of time ended up going to fifa that
was supposed to hit his personal account so then that's how he ended
up finding out that that guy was being a weasel so then he basically goes listen i'm getting a
little bit impatient of not being president so we're gonna allow you to be president for four
more years and then you're gonna hand over the reins to me and then he started being even more
corrupt than that the the swimmer the brazilian swimmer so it just goes into this deep dive of
how much money they were being wired
and all these fucking decisions they were making based on the biggest sport
on the planet and completely tarnishing its image.
I know that everybody's still going to watch because they should
and respect the athletes, but the fact that it is in Qatar
is fucking mind-numbing.
It's mind-numbing, it's mind-nbing. It's mind numbing.
It's mind numbing.
It's mind numbing.
And,
uh,
did we talk about how 40 minutes you can get to every single stadium in 40
minutes and all of these stadiums basically came out of nowhere and were
built by all these people.
North America is getting the world cup and there's like 20 host cities that
already have these infrastructure set up. It's, it's, it's, it's madness and it's such 20 host cities that already have these infrastructure set up it's
it's it's it's madness and such a waste of resources and and doing it off of slave labor
to boot it's fucking nuts man dude this guy 200 200 jack warner was like the conk conk conk cake
half it's like canada us mexico and then all the Caribbean islands.
He's in Trinidad right now.
I don't even know if they could get him.
I don't even know after the indictments if they can get him to the US.
It's just so many guys, just weasels.
Didn't they spend 200 billion on this World Cup?
Yeah, I think it was even more than that.
Yeah, they had to build all these stadiums.
They had to build a town up.
200 billion. I think they spent like 3 billion. Yeah, they had to build all these stadiums. They had to build a town up. 200 billion.
I think they spent like 3 billion in Vancouver to host the Olympics there.
And they built the entire Olympic Village.
And that's just the reported money, too.
You'll never know how much they actually spent.
And these guys, I think there was about seven countries that were going to wear these one-love armbands.
And then they were threatened with yellow cards.
And because of that, they decided not to wear them and blah,
blah,
blah.
Well,
you want to know some actual true standing up for what you believe in.
You look at the Iran soccer team today.
Not one guy sang the national anthem.
And that's because they're fighting for the rights of,
I believe women in Iran,
the government in Iran just agreed to fucking kill about 15 000 protesters dude and
these guys are sitting there openly not singing their national anthem they could they could face
true like true issues when they got home so that that's fucking courage right there great call what
great call was they they kind of looked like they would be i don't say militant but like angry and
they said the iranians in the crowd were booing their own anthem.
Cause yeah. And just to, to backtrack a little, yeah. The,
they basically the law there is the women have to wear the headscarf.
I forget the formal name for it. And you know, he jabs, he jabbed. Yeah.
And one woman, she got killed. They,
they fucking killed her the cops there or whatever the fucking military,
whatever, cause she didn't have it on.
So now women all over the place have taken them off.
Young girls, teenage girls, they're showing clips of like young kids going up behind the clerics and knocking their hats off.
They're like going viral and stuff. I mean, I don't mean to laugh. It's very serious.
But like that, that's a fucked up place. And these people are finally revolted.
I mean, you know, these people, you feel bad for them. They didn't do anything wrong.
They just grow up with these assholes in charge and they wanted just a normal fucking life so kudos
to the Iranian team again great
call with because that took a lot of courage and a lot
of bravery for those guys to do it
and yeah not to mention that FIFA's had
a World Cup in Argentina when there was a
dictatorship they had the World Cup
in Germany
Hitler's Germany it's
just it's a corrupt
organization and the entire world plays soccer.
And it just so happens that FIFA is an absolute disgrace.
Yep.
No doubt about that.
It's fucking disgusting.
And hey, the greed of man.
Sometimes some men knows no bounds.
If you watch last week tonight with John Oliver on HBO, they did a terrific segment on it as well.
Check that out.
U.S.
Unfortunately, they got a draw today.
They should have won.
That was a penalty late.
Fucking ended up getting a tie.
How bad does that hurt their chances?
Going back to Qatar, quickly,
first host nation to ever lose the opening match.
Did you see the offside that was called back
from Ecuador when they scored?
It was such a joke.
It wasn't even close to being offside but obviously they're
trying to trying to affect the game situation but this has basically been a long collective
grind my gear segment at the collective collective collective effort boy snapping it around
hey go ahead with sorry yeah i mean oh if you if you win it's like the broadcast was saying if you
win your first game you're almost like pretty much not guaranteed,
but it's very, very unusual if you don't move on to the,
I believe it would be the round of 16.
Two teams get through.
There's eight groups.
They got to draw a stupid penalty the defender took in the box,
and that bail, that Gareth Bale's been one of the all-time best strikers,
I'd say, in the past, I don't know, 15 years.
Soccer people are going to come after me.
He was on Real Madrid winning trophy after trophy.
Probably one of the best players from Wales
in the history of the game.
He ties it up and they get a draw.
So now what I read hurts them is on Black Friday,
they play England next.
Well, with Wales getting to play Iran next, now if England wins and they'll play their third stringers against Wales, who the U.S. would need to lose to England.
Do you know what I'm saying?
When they play Iran.
So it's almost unlucky that the U.S S isn't playing Iran next, but I mean,
so much could still happen,
but U S missing the last world cup and not playing since Brazil Oilers tied
up. Is, is it,
is it unfortunate for them to finally be back in and blow it late?
All right, well go USA. Hopefully they get the W next time out again,
black Friday coming this Friday. Buy our merchandise.
Big deal stuff.
Pink Whitney stuff.
Chicklet stuff.
All new gear.
It runs the entire weekend, too, all the way through Cyber Monday.
20 off every single thing in the cyber store except the Peter Millar stuff.
There you go.
And G, Wilbur, theater tickets go on sale when for the crowd?
November 30th, 3 p.m.
Eastern Barstool Sports.com slash events.
And I'm going to tease next week's interview.
I know we haven't talked enough about the Winnipeg Jets.
We have Kyle fucking Connor on deck for you guys next week.
Who got a hat trick right after we interviewed him.
We mentioned the Chicklets bump.
He only scored two goals before that.
He gets the hattie.
Reminder, check out the Sandbagger, and
next week on Chicklets Etc.,
the podcast we have once a month hosted
by Merles and Kobe Armstrong.
We'll have Bugsy Malone on there, and we
are doing our first ever
Kangaroo Court. And as
G said, check out the Black Friday sale.
We appreciate you. We appreciate all you
people who ended up watching the Sandbagger.
And subscribe to the YouTube channel.
250 strong way to go.
Gee,
the entire production crew behind the scenes.
And that was a great pod boys.
So thank you to the sheriff and the McDavid hater,
big cat guys.
And before we go a little reminder about the trip that we are going on
next week.
So Thursday,
December 1st,
we're going to flyers game.
We're going to be doing some big deal brewing activations. Friday, December 2nd,
we are doing a Pink Whitney bottle signing in Philly from 5 to 7 p.m. at Fine Wine and Good
Spirits on 180 West Girard Avenue in Philadelphia. Saturday, December 3rd, we're heading to Detroit.
We're going to do a quick bar meetup before the Red Wings game, then hit Little Caesars Arena. Very excited
for that. And then Sunday, we're going
to Columbus. I believe we're hitting our
bar before the game. Then we're going
to the Blue Jackets game. That's December 4th.
And then December 6th,
I believe old busy boy is
hitting the old Prudential Center in
Newark, and we'll be in New Jersey
for the Devils game. So, quick
reminder for that trip, and come out and hang if you can.
Have a good one, everyone.
