Hey, Spittin' Chicklets listeners, you can find every episode on Apple Podcasts,
Spotify, or YouTube. Prime members can listen ad-free on Amazon Music.
Hello everybody, welcome to episode 417 of Spittin' Chicklets, presented by Pink Whitney from our friends at New Amsterdam Vodka here in the Barstool Sports Podcast family.
What's going on gang? Hope everybody had a nice turkey day last week, or just a nice Thursday if
you're up in Canada. Got some wild shit to kick off the show in a few minutes, but we're gonna
check with the boys first.
Producer Mikey Grinelli, what's going on, buddy?
How was your turkey day?
What's up, boys?
I had myself a lovely turkey day.
I was down in Bridgewater, New Jersey at my girlfriend's family's house.
But on Friday, I headed back to the city for USA England.
Watched that at Due West with my buddy Ethan Fink.
And then he was in town Saturday as well to watch some college football around the city.
Now, I love rivalry week in college football.
I think it's the absolute best.
And I kept asking the question all weekend.
I was a little tipsy, but like, why doesn't the NHL have good rivalries anymore?
Is there anything?
I even called Biz drunk one night.
I'm like, why doesn't the NHL have good rivals anymore?
It's like, it's like,
is there anything we can do to bring back the old days of like Bruins
Habs?
Like, like do a, like do a weekend.
You mean like something like that,
where it's like a weekend where like all the old,
like it's like Colorado versus Detroit,
Boston versus Montreal,
Philly versus Pittsburgh.
Like everything is just on one day.
I don't know.
Battle of Florida You get Vegas, Arizona
Because you get the Battle of the Desert
You could do Seattle and Vancouver now
I like that
Seattle's a wagon all of a sudden
Fuck you, Bowie, keep the change
What other matchups would you like to see?
Who would get LA?
It would go LA Sharks, right?
No, I would say LA Anahe Anaheim because, you know,
right next to it pretty much.
I know, but the actual rivalry in the series where like San Jose was up
three nothing and then L.A. came back.
I feel like there's maybe more.
No, no, no, man.
I played for the Ducks.
It's King.
King's Ducks is legit.
I think it's I think it's I think it's is it in it?
Are you fucking with me, are you being serious?
No,
I just,
I'm being serious.
I'm being dead serious.
All right.
Well,
who else are a,
any other match?
Oh,
uh,
uh,
Dallas,
Dallas and,
um,
in Nashville.
Cause you get the battle of the country music.
Yeah,
that's one.
I,
you know what I was thinking though,
like when you come to the ranges,
Island is devils. Which way do you go there? you got the battle of hudson and you got obviously
the islanders and ranges hate each other i don't think you can lose on either one of those but what
would you make it make it a three-way just go fucking three teams in the ring fuck it i mean
there's a menage a 12 rivalries like chinese checkers but three i think it's i i think it's
rangers islanders and then I'd almost throw
The Devils and the Flyers seem to hate each other
But I know Flyers fans
But for me, Rangers Islanders is more hatred
Than Rangers Devils
Or Islanders Devils
Definitely
Yeah, but they should do it over a weekend
Yeah, maybe
But here's the thing though
These fucking guys will be like
It's just another game It's like, you know, it's just another game.
It's like, fuck you.
It's just another game, bitch.
Make them play for something.
I don't know.
They angle some fucking protein bars above their heads because they won't do it for beers anymore.
What could you entice them with or RA?
Could you say like, I don't know, 100 grand?
100 grand to the winning team?
Like go fucking 50 grand, even a fun night out in the town.
It's 10.
That's a rule against the cap, brother.
I remember, though, the
KHL, when you played the big teams,
when you played those powerhouses,
it was always double, triple bonus.
So they do that stuff, but NHL,
you can't get these guys. I mean, yeah,
maybe if somehow they were offered the GM's credit card for a night out, that would get the juices flowing.
But one of 82, it's tough.
You need the rivalries to form in the playoffs.
And rivalries in hockey are all created on physicality, anger, fighting.
And that's not the same anymore.
So I think that's why you're seeing the dip.
So how many times when you were in the KHL did the owner or whoever come in and say,
hey, tonight it's going to be a double bonus or a triple bonus?
Like, did you win a couple of those?
Or like, oh, God, no, no, no, no.
Oh, your team was shit?
We made the playoffs as an expansion team.
Shout out to Sochi Leopards, I think.
But as in you didn't know the name of your team?
Forgot quick. Forgot quick.
Forgot quick.
But you know what?
Nicknames aren't like a big thing over there.
Like Bruins, Rangers, Devils.
It's not like that over there.
It's St. Petersburg.
It's CSKA Moscow.
You know what I mean?
Severstal, whatever the fuck that.
I don't even know half the nicknames.
Red Army.
I mean, one of them is the Red Army, and they're literally the Army.
Do you see who I coached against each other last week?
Went over in the KHL.
The professor.
Igor Larionov versus Sergei Fedorov.
One head to head.
No shit.
Stanley Cup champions together.
Yep.
Fedorov.
Yeah, he coaches Cisco.
That's how you say it, right?
CSKA.
And Larry Arnoff coaches Torpedo Nizhny Novgorod.
Is that how you say it?
Hey, wasn't that Grinnell's sleeper pick for Detroit Red Wings head coach?
It was.
It was.
Yeah.
I wonder if they even interviewed him.
Maybe I'll ask him.
Actually, I think we got Detroit here on the next Wednesday broadcast,
and I think we're getting Iserman pregame.
Oh, fuck.
I got to think of another fucking question.
You're going to roll an absolute blunt for him.
I should ask him, did you interview Larry Onov?
My friend Mike Grinnell wants to know.
He's going to be like, what?
I'm the only one who hasn't got a shout out on the TNT broadcast
from the Chicklets team, so I think it's about time. I thinking about the jock sniffer you want one of those i'll take anything
you can get i'll tell you right now i was like i was i'm like fucking bitch just called me an
oiler's shock sniffer on the show and then two seconds later he's like panthers though really
missing ekblad he had a goal and to assist the game before. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
I fucked that one up.
I was actually going to bring up that Maya Culpa.
They missed him for a bit, but he was back like 12 days ago.
I just, hey, listen, I can't follow the entire league.
Exactly, buddy.
You're a mogul.
Oh, fuck off.
You are.
I'm saying you're doing a lot.
You're building a beer brand.
You're rocking hockey.
It's tough to receive when every single guy comes back for injury. But when I get called to jock snapper, I'm looking you're doing a lot. You're building a beer brand. You're rocking hockey. You're just, it's tough to see when every single guy comes back for injury.
But when I get called the jock snapper,
I'm looking for ammo.
And I found that ammo quick by checking the last box score of the
Panthers game.
Hey,
I,
I,
our fans are keeping me honest.
I got a couple of check the game notes,
but about the,
about the Echblad comment,
being back for two weeks,
snapping it around and me saying they're missing them.
Quickly,
biz shout out. You just mentioned
it. I don't know what we're going to get in terms of a name,
but double little Chicklets Action Week
for it because Thursday or
Friday, we'll be dropping a second episode
of Merle and Army. Thursday, Thursday,
Thursday night. So Thursday
night. So it's a double dip this week
on Chicklets in Chicklets land.
Have you even
intro to anyone? R.A.?
And R.A., who do you, or yeah, you did for Grinelli.
Any other rivalries you wanted to mention
that you'd like to see if they did do a rivalry week
in the NHL?
Ottawa, Toronto, St. Louis, Chicago,
they're kind of blood rivals from back in the day.
Those are a couple that jump out.
Then, you know, other teams, you're not sure who to match up.
I think maybe Winnipeg, Minnesota,
because they're geographically pretty close, but they don't have a real history like what like what said
you got to build them in the playoffs and i know they tried those rivalry nights on on nbc last
year but you know it doesn't really get the blood flowing until it's the playoff so either way i
like i like jesus getting on the ra shitting on your id grinnell no it because they what they have
their idea last week 30 30 teams played 30 out of 32 that that
would be like the perfect opportunity to do it so who knows maybe they'll listen maybe they'll
take one of my uh ideas paul biz nasty bisonette what did you do for thanksgiving my man i was in
atlanta we had the wednesday broadcast and then the friday broadcast and we're gonna get into some
of those games but uh yeah no it was it was we chilled on on
thursday we just were i worked out twice i'm kind of on this health kick trying to get my
fucking mind and body right it's hard though buddy some days you're just like so sore from
shit that you did the day before it's impossible it's what you know what if you're gonna start
taking steroids if you do it i gotta get i gotta get on the jack 3d again the banned substance hey i i
don't know maybe i gotta look into it more but maybe like getting testosterone shots or something
that's gonna help me get that extra boost the next day after doing a hard day where you're just like
oh shit i feel like i just got fucking speed bagged by mike tyson in his prime i had a little
moment of having some testosterone i never noticed
much of a difference i i think it's kind of like mental almost it's definitely not because it's
100 helping people but i don't maybe i had the wrong batch okay so you know what i have been
doing lately is doing the cold tubs the cold plunges and i know people might say oh everybody's
talking about these on the internet blah blah blah blah, blah. They just naturally, they, they wake you the fuck up. You don't, you don't even
need to do a coffee. That's how much it gets you going. Uh, great for recovery. Great for
inflammation too. Right. Cause when I'm working out and my knees are all fucked up. So they say,
um, uh, this Huberman podcast, this guy's like a genius, uh, West, west uh in a sense of like body biohacking and he says that if
you do like 11 minutes of cold plunge uh studies show that you're less likely to die from cardiac
arrest by like a decent amount same going for like the sauna because your body and that's 11
minutes per week right per week per week sorry i might be like fucking just talking out of my ass right now
no no i've been getting into that stuff lately too biz i think it's super super cool and it's
super informative and innovative innovative is the word i'm looking for yeah just you know you're
looking to try to optimize your health and feel good every day so just trying to do these little
things and tricks and it helps with the mental game too right just kind of in the morning instead
of having a dummy three cups of coffee like you
know maybe do one and fucking jump in this and i tell you what man i mean you used to probably do
it when you're playing we used to take cold tubs all the time so it's not really anything new to us
more to i hate saying the word civilians it kind of like it's not like it's not in a degrading way
of all peasants no but in a sense of like you know they never grew up in a locker room especially at that level
where they would have had access to those now i'm sure every college has them because same with
foam rollers like i was fucking a foam roller became before i came on here to massage my legs
and shit so all these little tricks are becoming more and more known to uh to the common man which
is good because fuck i mean ra like, all right, like, I mean,
if I was, you know, if I was
your doctor, I would have told you at least fuck a foam
roller a little bit. He doesn't even see
the doctor. No, he did.
He went and saw the
guy who told him to just chill out and fucking
smoke some coke and hang out on the couch.
Yeah, I do need to get to my follow-up, but
the Whit Dog, Ryan Whitney, how was your Turkey
Day with Ty? I know you stayed home.
Do you have a lot of people over or what?
We had a ton of people over.
Quickly, though, to Biz's cold plunge topic,
we're doing our basement over right now.
I'm so excited.
My buddy Chris Pola is doing a phenomenal job.
He's just crushing it.
And one of the things we're doing, as I said,
it's obviously a bathroom with a shower.
I put a urinal in fine.
They always wanted a urinal, right?
If the boys are down in the basement, sweat note games, you just just release your hog right into the urinal.
It's no cleanup.
Well, I made the room a little bigger and we got I got an infrared.
This isn't ready yet, but I got one of those infrared saunas.
And then right across the way, I got this phenomenal cold tub whirlpool that cleans itself.
I think you only have to empty the water every six months.
Top of the line type stuff.
And every day I'll be going back and forth, probably about three or four minutes in each five or six times.
And I'm with you.
I've never felt better in my life than when I cold tub.
And for me, it's all about the inflammation.
I just flew.
So I'll get into some other stuff.
But I get super inflamed when
i fly and then my hands are all swollen and then gripping the golf club feels so different when my
hands are all swollen is this ever first world problems right now big time well first world
problems i'm in maybe what some people would call third world country in jamaica man
you know what that is what's up man it's unbelievable this place thanksgiving though
quickly so i don't know if i've mentioned this but my wife's mother is the oldest of 10 and i
think she's 50 she's young she's like 51 or 52 well so youngest, there's six boys and four girls. Her youngest sister is the same
age as my wife. So my mother-in-law was pregnant with her mom at the same time. It's just a wild
family dynamic. But over the past few years, we've taken over hosting Thanksgiving. Now,
three of the 10 kids, they live in California, but still everyone else came over. I would say we had about anywhere from 53 to 58 people, including kids, which there's probably like 25 to 30 kids.
It's just an absolute time.
And hosting is so fun.
I mean, obviously, there's some parts of it that can be a little stressful prior, not for me, but for my wife.
And I got to shout out my brother-in-law, Steve O'Reilly.
We fried turkeys this year.
We fried them up.
And let me tell you, this guy did such a good job.
Frying them are a little scary.
One of the fryers kind of caught fire.
So we had to use the same fryer for both birds.
It took an hour and five minutes.
Now you have to let it in so slow because of any of that oil.
These idiots just drop the things in and the oil overflows, gets flame explosion well we were lucky enough nothing happened but if you've never fried a turkey
the skin biz the skin it's this crispy it's like salty it's like bacon almost it's just so good i
love and then it takes you know you cook a bird in the oven it's close to six hours sometimes this
is an hour boom bing bang boom so we had a phenomenal time. And it was just a pleasure. You know, it's a great holiday.
Like we've mentioned before, you don't have to get anyone gifts. You just sit there. You enjoy
each other's company. You watch football this year. You get the World Cup as well. You have
a bunch of drinks. So it was phenomenal. Black Friday then then was the next day. And then the
day after that, we took off to Jamaica, man.
Like I said, Wagwan, man.
Wagwan is what's up.
So everyone just Wagwan, Wagwan, man.
I'm like, not much, dude.
Just playing some golf, having a red stripe, man.
So it's been a blast so far.
We're at this place called the Trial Club.
It's near Montego Bay, I believe you pronounce it.
It's phenomenal.
The golf course here is beautiful.
We've only played nine holes.
World-class.
There used to be a PGA Tour event here in the 90s, I believe.
And the house.
So we came over with a buddy of mine, Mike Shaw and his wife,
and they're two girls.
And so we got this house.
It's got a butler.
It's got a chef.
It's got a cleaning lady, Roman.
And then it's got a laundry lady.
I'll tell you right now, I've never had anything in my life like a laundry lady. I worked out this
morning, showed out me, showed out moving the body around, showed out the heart rate. And I came back
sweaty ass clothes an hour and a half later. They're clean, folded on my bed. I only really
needed to bring like three, three or four articles of clothing
on this trip. You talk about the butler. You talk about the chef. Give me a laundress in my life
because laundry. And I think a lot of guys out there whose wives do the laundry and even the
guys who you guys who do the laundry, you suck at doing laundry. Anyone who does laundry for the
most part, you all stink at it because our laundry gets done in my house every two weeks.
Maybe kids affect that that but now my laundry
is coming back to me in the blink of an eye and it's been a complete game changer i'm gonna cry
when i leave you no wonder uh no wonder schwarzenegger pounded his exactly but she was
horrible god i don't know what he was that was that was a curveball i thought that had fake
story written all over it and then you you're like, oh, Jesus Christ.
What?
Ready to risk it all for Olga?
She might as well have been Russian.
So, yeah.
Oh, my God.
Somebody doing your fucking laundry, man.
Oh, my God.
It's such a great.
Is that an added cost?
Or is that just thrown in the mix?
So we're actually not in like their high season
yet so it was pretty like it wasn't like the price of all this is surprisingly not what i thought it
would be how's the golf community love the golf cart community just bombing around in a golf cart
and it's rider's birthday today so last thing i'll say is shout out my buddy someday i've always
thought it's pretty cool that someday when i'm not around anymore maybe if he doesn't hate me and he really loves me as a dad, he'll go back and listen to these.
These will be on the Internet forever. I guess it's kind of horrifying considering some of the
things I've said. But Ryder, if you ever listen and I love you so much, buddy, what a pleasure
and an honor it is being your dad. So happy fifth birthday to him. And I'm also dialed into the
hockey sphere right now so we can get right into that. Well, we got to figure out what R.A.'s been up to.
Isn't it always high season down there?
Is that a weed joke?
No.
No.
Oh.
R.A., yeah, it was.
Yeah, it was.
So the weed here is different.
I'm evolving, R.A.
I'm starting to get them.
I didn't get it.
I got to be honest.
It's weird, though.
It doesn't. I swear's weird though it doesn't
I swear to god it doesn't really get you
High you become like
Relaxed but it doesn't do anything to your brain
You gotta go off campus
Cause it's so easy to get there I mean they literally
Chase your bus like you don't have to go two feet but
If you go to like a farm or take a little bit of a tour
Cause the most bake they ever
Got was down in Jamaica a kid from Medford
Rolled a gorilla finger we smoked it and It was gonzo the best Bone they ever got was down jamaica kid from medford rolled a gorilla finger we smoked it and i was gonzo that's the best bone i ever smoked was down jamaica yeah
because it's basically like the swag they sell on the street but if you get like a connector
one of those farms they could take you up you'll get the real deal like so that good shit that weed
is the equivalent to where they're saying that you want to fly to the moon and cabo along that strip
outside the office oh the same thing here i walked out of the airport hearing Cabo along that strip outside the office. So all the stuff you're saying.
I walked out of the airport here and this guy's like, man,
anything you need, man, I got the weed.
I got the Molly.
I got the cocaine.
I'm like, I'm all set, dude.
About the mushrooms.
Your wife's like, I'll get two bags.
I'll get two eight balls.
Give me.
Oh, Molly.
Sick.
Yeah, sure. Give me some.
That'll make me want my husband.
Oh, I forgot to say. So for today,
we went rider. So we played we played nine holes with him yesterday. He likes playing golf. I said,
buddy, you want to play golf on your birthday? And out of nowhere, he saw the sign at the airport of swim with the dolphins. And there was a place nearby. Dude, we swam with the dolphins. I'd never
touched a dolphin. These things are beautiful.
They're laughing.
They're squawking.
They're so smart.
Just geniuses.
What they did out there was amazing.
So I paid extra for the royal treatment or the royal ride.
I think it was the royal ride.
Buddy, they get me out there.
I'm talking.
I'm like 80 yards from where everyone's lined up petting the dolphins.
And then I lay on my stomach.
I have the video. i'll send you guys i i have a like a life preserver on whatever the life
jacket and i'm laying on my stomach and he's like get your legs out straight and do not bend them
and all of a sudden dude these two things i got two of them stuck their snouts in my arches and
you know my arches dude my arches are trash but i had my legs dude i had my legs
like andre wa when he was coming out for the reunion you know skate and i got so high up
i had a pink whitney bathing suit on as i'm riding two dolphins through the sun in jamaica
shout out pink whitney shout out spitting chiclets um is that the video you sent yeah yeah yeah oh i
gotta check that out i thought it was one of those like Zuckerberg flying machines
because you can't see the dolphins in the video.
I thought it was like his flying things.
Holy shit.
It probably was.
I got two rides.
No, it was two dolphins.
Good call on the Zuckerberg thing, all right.
One was named Tico.
The other one was named Texas.
No, I swear though.
You kind of look like Zuckerberg.
I had the other ride I did.
You just put your arms out and you're still on your stomach again.
And they're so smart.
They swoop underneath you and like put their fin in your hands.
And then I just rode those fuckers like it was a horse.
So it was a great day.
Hey, sometimes the males get a little horned up for the women.
Like did the one did the one do like the fake fuck on on on brie uh no no they didn't they didn't fake fuck any of
us but which was nice especially for my son on his birthday no there's been a granite by a dolphin
granite there's been videos of like the male dolphins like kind of getting sexual with the
like the dolphins are super horny super yeah there you go see that's because they're like humans but smarter well the dolphins like hey you bring me that viagra and ecstasy
breeze like i got you i'm like hey uh tico do you have any uh initial rivalries you like
oh my goodness hey i want the royal treatment hey whoa what do you see buddy
whoa whoa whoa i didn't want to cock out of my old lady buddy that wasn't part of the package
what's with what's with you being like buying every like package wherever you go any type of
amusement for the kids it's like you're it's the easiest sell job you're not even so i got i'm the
only one who got the royal ride like i rider just got to pet him no rider got to actually get on a boogie board and
then they push his feet so he's riding like a boogie board pretty fast while they're pushing
him they wouldn't let him try to stand up what's the guy buying pictures at all the amusement rides
too every i bought the pictures after 200 bucks for four pictures of me on a dolphin.
Oh, my gosh. But she had me hook, line, and sinker.
She's like, come on, man.
You look great, man.
Come on, man.
You like John Wayne, man.
I said, give me all four.
I'm having too much fun right now.
Sorry, folks.
This is fucking.
You're on fire right now.
Who cares about hockey?
Keep telling us Jamaicans.
Yeah, I know.
I'm in Jamaica, man.
You kidding me?
Wong Wong. R.A.,, man. You kidding me? Wong Wong.
All right.
What'd you do for Thanksgiving?
Had a small, nice little family dinner.
Me, my brother, my sister, my wife and my mother.
That was it.
My old man wasn't feeling too good, so he didn't make it.
Just nice, small family dinner.
Come home.
Watch the Patriots lose a tough game.
Then Friday night went on the club to watch the games.
Biz was on TV.
The boys always like to have biz on the TV.
Got a little last shout out when they showed the Coke beer for the Bruins,
the meth beer.
And did you hear what he said?
I go, uh, I go, Oh geez, the bears back.
The one that got an RA stash.
So all my boys down at the club heard it.
They were pissing themselves laughing.
So it was good timing, but yeah, it took it easy.
Kind of had a pretty relaxing weekend so I can be fresh as a daisy for this show and we gotta go back to you again man sick
league nba oh yeah alphys game none of that you were dancing on the jumbotron what the fuck's
going on you might not get splinters in your toes but you got dolphin teeth i got mad dog actually
i started dying i'm not even gonna say who it was but but there was a guy on on Edmonton and he used to always argue with Ladislav Smead.
And Laddy was so funny in his check accent.
Shut the fuck up.
You got your fucking stupid teeth.
These little.
It's such a great.
And so I saw the dolphins teeth.
I felt like I was back at the West Edmonton Mall eating fucking Aldo.
Oh, that's a shoe.
I don't know. The billionaire's cut. The billionaire's cut is eating the billionaire's cut in fucking Aldo. That's a shoe. I don't know.
The billionaire's cut.
The billionaire's cut.
He's eating the billionaire's cut in my Aldo's.
So, yeah.
So my father in law took his son, Ty, and then his two son in laws, me and Steve, to the game.
He had these second row seats.
It's unbelievable.
So I never have been to an NBA game sitting up close first or second or third row.
And I really wanted to experience it.
And Luka, that freak Luka Donich was in town.
I think he had 48 points.
He is the entire team.
Like, I actually didn't understand how good he was.
Tatum was a beast, too.
The Celtics won.
I had first half, huge money.
Game, huge money.
Won them both, which was amazing. Gave it all back on that joke of a Sunday. I mean, Thursday football slate,
but seeing the NBA up close and personal, I got to give them some credit. I mean,
some of these guys, the size, how big they are and being that fast and athletic. It's crazy to
see up close and personal. And I really had a great night. Shout out Dave. Thanks for taking us.
We sat right behind Tatum's mom
and his son which is interesting like the kids like on his iPad half the game but his mom was
into it Tatum was amazing that guy's a freak but Luka Donis holy shit what a player um but then so
then Portnoy so Portnoy this asshole he he tweets out oh my it was pretty good tweet I'll give him
credit like I will make sure Ryan Whitney never has to sit second row again.
And you know what? My father in law, what a great guy.
And he read the tweet and he's like, this guy's such a fucking asshole.
He just hates Dave like so many people do because he paid a lot of money for these seats.
And he's getting shamed by this asshole.
You don't even have to pay for his front row seats.
And now let me let me let me tell you also, I saw Dave the whole time he brought his mom.
What a nice guy. He was going to bring his friend. And then Elio was sick with pneumonia.
I think he's calling. He's he's actually pronouncing the P with pneumonia lately.
I don't know if he's doing that as a joke. But so instead, he takes his mom real nice
because his friend was sick. His mom gets to go. This asshole's on his phone. Basically,
the whole game, I see his mom talking to him. He's not even answering her. He's such a piece of shit.
So he made my father-in-law feel like crap for spending a lot of money for second row seats.
But you know what, Dave?
If you want to bring me and sit me front row, I'm glad to do it with you.
So I felt a little I didn't really have much to say on Twitter when he tripped me like that.
But the whole reason why you were even shown and you went viral was because.
Oh, I forgot about that.
Yeah.
why you were even shown and you went viral was because oh i forgot about that yeah the people from the office were shown on national television and you're behind the scenes dancing like a buffoon
did you know that you were going to be on television well i so i knew that they were on the
they were on the jumbo they were on the jumbotron so i knew that i was on the jumbotron because i
was you could see me looking up and i don't know what my hands were doing I kind of like
basically my mind was all right already from the office uh it was Mindy Kaling who plays
Kelly Kapoor and then um BJ Novak who's play who plays Ryan do they date in real life are they just
friends dude that's that's what's funny it's like they used to date and then they stopped now she
has two kids and she's never publicly said who the dad is,
but they're always together like that.
Like, the other night, they're at the game together.
So I think that they have a relationship,
but they just don't acknowledge it publicly because they don't need to.
Like, they don't owe anybody any answers.
So I think they almost do it.
I don't want to say trolling, but, like, I'd be shocked if he's not the father
of her kids because they've had this kind of on-again, off-again thing.
They're always together. So if he's not the father of her kids, because they've had this kind of on again, off again thing. They're always together.
So if he's not the father, then it's a big mystery who is.
But they obviously have a unique friendship relationship.
But she's absolutely hysterical on The Office.
Yeah.
The first time he's an asshole.
Oh, in real life, he's an asshole.
Wow.
Really?
I saw I saw B.J. Novak on an Amtrak train one time in the height of my office watching where I am watching this show every day.
I'm so into it.
I see him on the food cart on the train and I just I just walk up to him and there's no one around.
No one else.
And I say, yeah, great.
Grab his dick.
Give me a nice handjob.
But I was like, I'm a huge fan.
Like, I would love to just take a quick picture with you.
Then I'll go on my way.
And he just looked at me and just said, no, didn't say sorry.
Didn't give me anything.
Said no.
And then went, looked back in his phone.
And I was like, fuck this guy.
I'll never be a BJ Novak fan again.
Well, he was probably reading a TMZ report.
I'll say this.
There's been a few times where I'm just like pictured out and I'm like enjoying my private time where I'm like, fuck, man.
I'm like, I just like I don't feel like.
And I get that.
And I get that.
But I've seen you do it, though.
I've seen you do it.
And you're like, no, man, sorry.
It's been a long day, man.
I just I can't right now.
He just looks at me and goes, no.
Yeah, that's like, give me give me something else.
Wait, have you ever said no no
not one time to a picture no no like if you're in your private time like if you're at like a bar
or something like you'll just like always stop you know what i probably have i just i i i honestly
don't remember i feel like an asshole like no no. But yeah, maybe just going like, no, right in your face.
I would just be like, hey, man.
If I had said no, it would never be like that.
You know what I mean?
But that's the...
Have you ever been like, hey, man,
not right now? I would never say no to that.
No, no. Because like,
you know, I mean, I've been fortunate enough
to run into famous people over the years.
And, you know, it's like, I always like, you always want to tell somebody like what they mean to you or like they inspired you or whatever.
I think that's a great thing.
I think most people who whether an actor or an athlete, whatever, I think they want to hear that, even if it drives them crazy sometimes, because that's that's what you do it for.
You do it, you know, because you like it, but for the accolades.
And so someone comes up and says, hey, I'm a big fan.
I love ABC.
I love your movie, your TV show.
I would think
they'd love to hear that shit man i mean and most people who i've done it with they they seem pretty
appreciative of it because now you know it happens to us and comes people come to me i would also
imagine that this guy's fucking getting asked like every time he goes outside though it's probably i
originally had tweeted it out biz right after it happened and a bunch of people had replied to me being like
same thing happened to me with that guy he basically just told me you know what he didn't
seem like the friendliest guy in the world like no took a pic him and his him and the girl took
a picture with like one of the girls next to them when when they sat down she was just you could
tell an enormous office fan but he wasn't like he was not like a bubbly guy from the sense I got.
My big regret is that instead of dancing, I should have gone behind him close enough where he wouldn't have known I was behind him and like imitated that
famous meme of him.
You know, the meme everyone uses where he's I think he's like writing
something down or.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
That could have been kind of funny.
What else?
He was sporting the Frankenstein threes.
Did you see those fucking sneakers he had?
Oh, my God.
They were platforms.
They gave him about six extra inches.
Yeah, they look like fucking like something out of a science fiction catalog.
That big.
He was drinking an iced coffee, too.
I'm like, what's this guy doing?
It's like a night before Thanksgiving.
He's drinking an iced coffee.
Unless there was like particles of shrooms in there and he's getting
pickled off.
And I don't know.
Iced coffee at an eight o'clock tip off is bizarre.
You had a, you had quite the eventful week, man.
That's been a, it's some funny shit right there.
Oh, I appreciate that biz.
Yeah.
It's been a great time.
And I mean, I watched Donnie Brasco so much.
Like you're saying, how are you saying it?
Guan, Guan, Guan, Guan Guan Guan Guan Guan Guan it's W the guy told me it's
W A H G W
A N N
Guan and they just say it's what's up
what's up Guan I'm only saying
it now I watched Donnie Brasco so
it's like forget about it
forget about it and when they talk about how
like what it means that's such a good scene
yeah Johnny Depp was excellent in that one.
So definitely a good flick.
Now you don't have some fella in that.
We were,
we were talking before we hopped on.
I know we got to get to some hockey chatter here,
but we were,
we were talking the fucking film industry.
It's just like oversaturated with all this Marvel and all these fucking
bullshit movies.
They don't make good movies anymore like that.
I just want to watch all the old movies now.
Was that your first time seeing Donnie Brasco?
No, I'd seen it a couple of times.
But like you're going by all like the new shit and you're like, I'll just watch something I've seen before.
I would say that.
What's not the no country for old men, although did watch that one recently oh that's a good one
uh there will be blood is probably the one i lean on most now yeah i just that's my go-to
every time daniel day lewis and that just the whole the whole story and it's it's it's genius
it's genius the cinematography that is han zimmer in that one too doing the orchestra and the soundtrack
uh i don't know that much about the movies hammer soundtracks oh oh my god he's the goat he's the
goat i don't think he's on that one but all right guys before we continue here's a word from our
presenting sponsor the holidays that just are on the block so make sure you're all stocked up on
the old pink whitney you can also hit your local bar to get some Pink Whitney.
You might go down a little shot action, a little club soda.
Either way, get that fine pink lemonade-flavored vodka,
the good stuff from New Amsterdam Vodka.
Pink Whitney.
Go get some.
First off, we want to thank everybody who got some merch from us.
We had Black Friday.
It's a side of money, 20 off all weekend.
So 20 listeners, fans who bought
stuff, we thank you very much. Holidays
are coming. You want to get those gifts out of the way. We have a whole
bunch of new merch. I got my little Pink Whitney
sweatshirt on right now. So thanks to everybody
who did buy stuff. Also
the Wilbur Show Theater we're doing
in Boston. Gee, it goes on until
the 30th, correct?
November 30th at 3
p.m.
BarstoolSports.com slash events is where you can find the tickets.
It's going to be awesome.
Pittsburgh sold out in eight minutes, so get there quick.
Yeah, it's going to blow out quick.
The Big Deal Brewing Tour is going to be rolling through the Midwest this week.
Is it the Midwest?
Well, yeah, Philly's more the Northeast.
I'm going to be in Philly with you two, Grinelli and Biz,
and then you guys are going to Detroit and then Columbus after that, after that correct uh i got the thing to read here so bear with me
although my new ad reads we we do them in advance a lot of people are talking about my ad reads
right now you're crushing it keep in mind sometimes granelli has to hop on with me what
15 20 minutes to bang out three of these things but at least this is another great nhl rivalry
right here though what me and ad reads you and reading oh a good way to start this read here
so thursday december 1st this is the night after our tnt uh big deal brewing tasting at east food
hall 5 30 p.m at the wells far arena. So that one's at the rink before
the game starts. I will be in attendance and hopefully I can give this Philadelphia flyers
team a chicklets bump because holy shit, the next night still in Philly, Friday, December 2nd,
pink Whitney bottle signing 5 PM fine wine and good spirits. Uh, it says number 5, 1 8 5. It's
one 80 West Girard Street.
Moving on to the next night.
This is going to be fun because I'm going to get to watch a lot of live action
in different barns.
I'm going to Little Caesars.
Little Caesars Arena.
Saturday, December 3rd, Detroit.
We're going to the Tin Roof for pregame.
Big deal brewing, tasting.
Come on by.
And then we're going to go over to the game.
The tasting is between 5 and 7, by the way. And then we're going to go over to the game uh the tasting is between five and
seven by the way and then we're going over to the game afterward the next day sunday december 3rd
columbus our bar this is one of the first landing spots that's december 4th base sunday december 4th
oh shit i knew i was gonna fuck up something about the read sunday december 4th columbus
our bar that was the first one of the first places that had it at a bar.
There's a beautiful picture.
It's still pinned to my Twitter profile between four and 6 PM pregame tasting at the R bar
in Columbus.
Then I'm going flying to New York and we're going to record live and potentially I might
go to the New Jersey devils game.'re going to see we're going to talk
about this in a few minutes here tuesday december 6th american whiskey pre-game with the brat pack
potentially i don't know if i'm going to the rink yet i might have to get security these fans are
out of fucking control ra that is going to be what's going on in the next week for me. So we'll see you either in Columbus, Detroit, Philly,
and potentially New Jersey.
All original big deal brewing states.
Biz, will you go to the arena if I agree to come?
You're going to fucking A, I'm in.
But Frank the Tank has to come too.
You think he ain't coming?
Okay.
Because I need him working security with these hoodlums.
Exactly.
Well,
biz speaking of rivalries,
we might have a new one between the,
uh,
New Jersey devils fans,
trash and the Toronto Maple Leafs.
Wow.
That was ugly last week.
The devils had three goals overturned.
And after the last one,
the third period,
the fans just bombarded the ice with trash.
Uh,
just an ugly scene. They had, they caused the maple leafs to go into the locker room because
i'll tell you man those projectiles from up high you can really fuck a guy up my buddy worked
bullgang years ago at the garden someone threw a half full bottle hit him in the head knocked
them out like how to get fucking taken to an ambulance to the hospital man so very dangerous
situation those guys get out of there none of them get hurt. But you ever been in a situation, boys, like this view first,
like people throwing shit to that extent?
Before I get to that, for you New Jersey fans listening,
you can't kick the puck in the net and you can't body check the goalie
when he's out of the crease and especially not when he's in the crease.
Did Bastion, you know, that was the questionable one. The other two were so legit. I know that was the questionable one the other two were so legit
i thought that was the worst of the bunch he clearly initiates contact skate to skate inside
this crease you and that was the side i believe the puck ended up going on i thought that was
an absolute no-brainer and then the next one tata thomas tata he's had a great year but hey he he could have avoided him he had the the seas
had parted between murray and the net and then shoulder to shoulder we're lucky murray didn't
fucking tear his ac join up so we'll let's go back to wit as far as ever being a part of that no
i've never been ransacked with beer and alcohol and other debris on the
ice with what about you? No, I don't recall being in a game when there was a bunch of projectiles
being flown at you and all that. I don't even did I say that right? All right. Projectiles. Yeah.
OK, cool. I don't remember anything, anything like that. But come on devils fans it's it's nice being able to
admit when you're wrong which i have about your team and it's it's nice to hop on board you guys
and the islanders because i hate the rangers so much seeing how well the devils and the islanders
are playing it's great but come on guys that's a trash move and the amazing thing is the clips
i think i was watching the sportsnet broadcast when they when they're showing like the stands, it's like 10 year olds double birding the Leafs like they're doing like I understand the frustration for fans when you have three goals called back.
all the correct call and the I know the the bastion one was correct biz I just meant to to the naked eye that one kind of looked like it's really hard to see till you see the slow motion
replay him make it contact skate to skate but but no doubt all three of those goals they weren't
goals based on the rules and the other thing that so I think the bastion one looking so normal
in fast pace pissed off the fans and then the tatatar one, it did look like Murray flopped a little bit,
but probably a good call by him.
But he's got his own issues with the posts lately.
We'll get into that later.
And then the third one was pretty obvious as well.
So it's just a tough look.
And Ari makes a good point.
I mean, the Leafs ended up going to the locker room quickly
because those are, you know, if they crack open a big deal brewing can for you
and you've taken one sip, you can then just crush somebody's skull.
I mean, they have helmets on, but a coach or something.
It's just, it's not a good look.
And Lindy Ruff was pretty funny at the end.
He said, what did I say?
Our fans are passionate.
Well, Ari, I think you were very, very light on bringing this up.
Like, this was one of the crazy, this felt like a playoff game times 10
amplified with this fiasco we're going to get to the the fans soon but they were on a 13 game heater
and then i fucking dropped the wagon shirt you know i've been very complimentary this fan base
but this one feels fucking personal because i dropped the wagon shirt for you guys which by
the way is undefeated at this point.
You drop it, your team's fucking losing.
I made the massive, massive wager on the Leafs money line,
which I obviously won,
and the fact that it's my Leafs, of course.
So you see this going on,
the first thing I'm thinking of is Mitchie.
Like, he doesn't fucking drink
the fumes alone would get that guy fucking buzz and probably a big reason why in the latter half
of the game the new jersey devils took over and they had the leafs on their heels and the fact
that they're fucking playing with no d at this point no offense to the guys that are getting it
done in the lineup and i feel bad for him because he had to go back out there on the ice in fear for
his life and in fact that maybe another big deal had to go back out there on the ice in fear for his
life and in the fact that maybe another big deal brewing can is going to come from the top ropes
from these goons and and and and potentially knock him out for a season wit so i think it's
and by the way wit 60 one one streak that didn't end that night was mitch marner's point streak
and ever since you criticized him early in the year,
I don't know what your idiot take was about him.
You're welcome.
You're welcome.
16 straight games with a point.
And this Toronto Maple Leafs team looks unbelievable.
So congratulations to the Devils on their winning streak.
And they're right back on their winning ways.
But you got the fans booing Lindy Ruff to start the year
when now he's probably front runner for the Jack Adams.
And now you got them chucking fucking beer cans on the ice.
Grow the fuck up.
Brat pack,
have a,
have a little chitter chatter,
maybe a little powwow outside the rink and explain to your fans that you
can't kick pucks in the net.
You can't body check goalies and you can't chuck fucking beers at the
Toronto Maple Leafs just because of the richest,
most dominant franchise in the entire league.
Would I fuck?
Go ahead, R.A.
I was going to say, what I didn't understand was how the Devils
didn't get a delay a game penalty.
They typically penalize the home team.
Don't even start, R.A.
The whole league's against them.
They're the victims.
They're the victims in this situation.
That happening against the Leafs, it is funny because it's just like it just makes the story
even greater that that the league is just protecting the Maple Leafs but like I always do
I can admit when I'm wrong and I'm not necessarily wrong but the Leafs have turned it around and Mitch
Marner is dominating right now I believe he's two games away from tying the Leafs all time record for point
streak. I think Daryl Sittler may have it.
And what's interesting enough and all Leafs fans know,
but for people who haven't watched them closely,
it's not Marner and Matthews getting it done.
It's Marner and Tavares and they have a connection right now.
And I believe those two played together two years ago, maybe three years ago.
I don't know exactly, but they've had success before
and they are dominating right now.
And Marner actually looking at like the numbers,
he averages more shots,
I think two or three more shots per game himself
when playing with Tavares,
which probably, you know, at times is a good thing.
The kid could shoot it.
And I think maybe the reasoning would be,
it's so
hard to just not always look for matthews when you're playing with him and maybe being with
tavarez obviously you're looking for that guy too but it's not the same as the rocket richard winner
so he's maybe willing to shoot a little bit more and it's creating offense and it's getting things
going so um a great moment i i gotta shout out william nylander and scoring in honor of Bjoring Salming, right?
And that was pretty cool because it was such an emotional time, him passing away and just seeing a Swede get one.
It was great. But this team's buzzing in terms of the defense.
You got to shout out another Swede, and that's Rasmus Sandin.
Now, him and Lilgren, but Sandin had a tough start. I was all over him.
I think last game he played close to 25 minutes, had five hits, but Sandin had a tough start. I was all over him. I think last
game he played close to 25 minutes, had five hits. He's playing really good hockey right now.
Giordano is the force though. What an amazing move by Dubas to get that guy last year.
And lo and behold, you lose Riley, you lose Brody, you lose frigging Muzzin, you lose Ben right now
as he injured, I believe. It's just so many injuries and Giordano's been the force
he's healthy he's carrying the load
and they're somehow winning games with
legit I think their top
four defensemen out so
the Leafs are buzzing and Matt Murray's
played freaking awesome when he's healthy
but he's got to stop knocking the posts off
what the hell is he doing
more haters
you can't just do that.
I wish I could focus on complimenting the Leafs,
but I can't get the fact that I would assume that Devils fans are more
dangerous than Rangers fans now.
This whole situation gave me a little PTSD.
The fact that we got almost a full week to recover from this,
would you say that the Devils fans are more dangerous at this point
than Rangers fans?
I don't know, man man New York's New York there's always a lot more dirtbags in New York I know Jersey has you know some shady cats but I don't know New York's just always seems to lead the
league in dirt can we agree they're both equally they're scumbag they're scary but I mean that guy
with his jaw probably still wired shut from that scumbag Rangers fans in the Lightning Easter Conference final.
He might disagree with you.
I will say, Biz, New Jersey fans do lead the league in personalized jerseys.
They buy jerseys and put their own name on the back.
100.
They do.
So they're basically the people, the types of people that go on cruises.
Like you enroll to Jamaica.
No, they're the types of people who ride dolphin noses, the dolphin teeth between the toes.
The Leafs. I mean, you said it. The guys, the guys on the back end right now elevating their play to help out Matthews.
I would say probably a slow start to his standard, but already 10 goals now.
So he's fucking starting to heat up.
So the,
the forwards are rolling.
They're starting to get contributions from everyone.
Matt Murray.
I mean,
listen,
he's been playing fucking awesome,
but does anything,
his groin takes a beating just like fucking Lisa and box.
Have you seen some of these fucking saves?
He's got to make sprawling across post to post game to game as a fan i'm like oh my
holy just getting pounded in there the old getting the mitt pounded in there i i was all over all over
that move this summer so if he continues to play like this and well when he's healthy he's playing
great he's got to stay healthy i gotta got to eat some crow on that one too.
He's got to stop pounding the groin there.
But overall, been great to watch.
Happy that they ended that streak.
I don't know if there's anything else to take away from that game other than somebody tweeted out only other time
that probably a crazier way to end the streak
was maybe Cogliano when he got fucked. Like that crazy of a streakzier way to end the streak was maybe cog leano when he got fucked
like that crazy of a streak to end in a crazy way you guys have any other crazy endings to streaks
maybe yan's getting healthy scratched yeah that was tough trying to think going off the top of
my head i don't know how how many how many Castle going to get? Is he going to get 1,100, you think?
That would be fucking hilarious if he did.
He's playing awesome.
You know, it's like he's not going anywhere.
Talk about being excited to be on a good team.
Yeah, I don't see him stopping this anytime soon.
Biz, we got to go back to Murray, though,
knocking the net off the, well, the way they call them now,
the mosh pegs.
They used to be peg nets.
And it's, you know, what's his name?
Mike McKenna, a friend of the show.
He was trying to defend him saying that some arenas,
they don't dig deep enough to get the peg all the way down.
And some arenas do it better.
And Elliott Friedman said the same thing.
I guess it can vary arena to arena.
But the thing with Murray is the other goalie wasn't knocking it off.
It's only him.
He did it three times versus Minnesota.
Dean Evason was pissed, said you can't knock the net off three times and not get anything out of it, you know the other goalie. Wasn't knocking it off. It's only him. He did it three times versus Minnesota. Dean Everson was pissed,
said you can't knock the nut off three times and not get anything out of it.
You know,
meaning a penalty did it once versus New Jersey.
Uh,
it's a,
basically they're not going to make a new rule.
They're going to put out a directive.
That's what,
what Friedman said.
Basically they just tell you to enforce a rule that's already there.
So I think this is going to pay a little bit more attention to it,
especially now the spotlight's on him.
Cause he's pretty much the only guy knocking it off with any sort of consistency
like this right so nothing burger we can move on mike mckenna he's a trustworthy guy played
the chicklets cup i played hockey with him at the professional hockey level he's now working with
who um daily face off right daily face off yeah wait do you have anything to chime in with i'm
sure it was pretty obvious um The clips were pretty obvious.
He was blatantly doing it.
And now it's just he's got a bullseye on his back.
So he's going to have to be careful because the next time he does it
and it's even a 50-50 in terms of on purpose or not,
he's getting a penalty.
Yeah, no doubt about that.
We've got to congratulate Lindy Ruff on his 800th win,
just the fifth coach to hit that number after Bowman,
Quenville,otz and hitchcock
uh and jack hughes notched the first career hat trick uh he became the youngest skater to record
a natural hat trick with the franchise and he had his ninth multi-point game this season uh only
robertson mcdavid pastanak and kutroff have more than him and uh gee he had another funny interview
why don't we roll that is the score, Jack, used as a pair of goals?
Jack, thanks for your time.
What do you do during an intermission to get ready for the next period?
Just chill, really, especially on these back-to-backs.
So nothing too crazy.
Can you feel a little energy zapping on a back-to-back like this?
What do you mean?
Well, no, draining a little bit away,
or you just have to conserve it a little bit more?
No, just got to be a little smarter, you know, Go into the locker room here, get some Gato in us,
and we'll be good to go for the third.
So this one.
The Gato wit.
You think BioSteel's happy about that one?
First year on their field?
Is he a BioSteel guy?
No, but the league is now sponsored by BioSteel.
They took over for Gatorade, so he drops the Gato bomb.
He's probably already contacted by the agent. This is fine. The league is now sponsored by BioSteel. They took over for Gatorade. So he drops the Gato bomb. They're probably,
he's probably already contacted by the agent.
This is fine.
That one's kind of tough when he's like,
what do you mean?
Like,
I don't know.
It's like the guy's trying his best.
I mean,
I just see my buddy biz get question shamed every single broadcast now.
So I almost feel bad when I see other reporters and it's just,
but the, the old, just like get a little Gato in you and chill. reporters and it's just but the old just like
get a little gato in you and chill i think it's what do you just chill yeah i love that what do
you do in the room just chill yeah just chill guess uh let's guess what's what's his favorite
color i'd say uh red if you don't think i'm asking him on TNT, what's his favorite Gato color?
I bet he only drinks blue Gatorade,
like strictly will not let anything else touch his lips besides cool blue.
R.A., what's your guess?
R.A.'s an orange guy.
Fruit Punch.
I like Fruit Punch and Lemon Lime, the original Gatorade flavor.
Those are the two favorites.
Those two have actually made me sick now.
I drank so much of them when I was little.
Yellow and red are horrible.
I do like blue a lot.
Purple, that'll make you throw up, too.
It's like medicine.
I don't know.
Gee, you dogged orange.
I can do orange.
It used to be citrus, right?
I don't do orange.
I love orange.
Now, Gatorade.
I dogged orange.
Gatorade in a can, If you can still get it, there is nothing better than a cold Gatorade can.
I think that was the best member of the glass bottles when it first came out, the 32 ounce glass bottles.
I swear they tasted better than that way back in the day. I don't like them in the plastic.
They have like if you go to other countries, too, they have like cucumber lime Gatorade.
You ever run into that?
Cucumber lime.
Yeah.
Check Jamaica for that.
Yeah.
Oh, yeah.
I want to check the ingredients down there, though.
Yeah.
So, yeah, but I don't think I don't think he was
question shaming here, though.
There's the guy.
I think, you know, I think Jack's just like has this
weird vibe when he does interviews.
He's kind of like Spicoli, like in a way.
And I don't think he was shaming the guy.
I tell you, I tell you who was R.A.
Go ahead. You fucking tee it up. Patty you who was, R.A. Go ahead.
You fucking tee it up.
Patty fucking Maroon, man.
He owns you there.
The big rig.
First off, I thought he was like a cow, not because he's big,
because he had that fucking giant dip in his mouth.
Like, you know what a cow?
Shoes, it's cut, and it's like got this thing hanging off his mouth.
I was like, what's wrong with his teeth?
And he never really thought about it like that, but okay.
Big, fat lip ring.
Yeah, and, you know, Biz trying to ask a nice question about you know
maybe the team playing under the radar and he wasn't having it he just fucking he dummied you
flat out fucking hey but to be fair i got a great answer out of him he shut me right down and that's
what it's about so that's the fact that i got question shamed people are saying it's a stupid
question even sean avery chiming on the Instagram I saw saying,
wait, what?
I said, you guys have been to the Stanley Cup Finals.
Whit, I'll ask you.
Stanley Cup Finals the last three years.
Do you not think that Tampa's kind of flying under the radar this year
where nobody really expects them to get back there?
Yeah, I think across fan bases and in the eyes of maybe certain media members and stuff like that,
but being the two cups in a row and then cup finalists, it's like that team, he more meant,
I don't think the team thinks that way at all. I think he meant like the team still considers
themselves an elite level Stanley Cup contending club. So because like he's not thinking as a fan,
it doesn't make sense to him.
But I completely understand what you meant.
And I do agree with you to the hockey world.
I feel like when you talk about Stanley Cup picks,
there are not many people picking the lightning
to not only win or to even get back there.
So I know what you mean.
But as a player on the team,
you're still considering yourself,
if not the number one wagon, number two. Do you know'm saying i feel you i feel you it just it just hurt when when when the
eyes roll back to the back of the head and and and then you and then he said it at the end stupid
question i said fuck i didn't say fuck you what i say i said shut up lloyd christmas yeah that was
really quick and a good comeback i laughed laughed. Shut up, Lloyd Christmas.
He was taking the headset off.
So I'm just, I mean, I'm having a tough go here.
But we ended up getting a crack at Torts, and he was fucking awesome.
And I think we got a good quote out of him, too.
A couple good quotes.
Yeah, Biz, you guys had the Flyers on twice last week.
But Friday, Torts showed up for a nice three, four-minute interview,
and he referred to the league as young and dumb.
And I was kind of hoping you didn't finish the rest of that phrase and you
didn't on TV,
but young and dumb.
And he was explaining why you got to tell these kids everything.
You have to break it down,
but he didn't seem like he was mad.
Like saying it,
you know,
it wasn't like he was complaining.
He was kind of just explaining that this is the type of player in the
league now.
And you got to kind of do things different.
He seen,
it seems like he's actually adapted quite a bit though.
Huh? Paul, I was shocked that he was willing to come on
pre-game and do a lengthy interview like that and i don't think you have a choice sometimes like
it's like for the league it's for it's for tnt like i don't think you like if eiserman's coming
on bro i don't think it's much of a choice you know i could make him but you know what i mean
yeah i just well i mean just before right before the game right so i mean obviously thanks to him for coming on and being so
candid and there was an article that came out did we talk about it last week the one where doug
armstrong mentioned about because they were asking about why are there so many blown leads right now
two goal leads you saw two three goal leads this past week that were blown too. And he was just saying, it's like the way that the young skilled league is going.
Yes.
It may be more fun to watch and higher flying and more skill on one end, but on the flip
side of it from like a structural and like team winning and, and, and just maintaining
leads throughout a game.
Sometimes these guys, they just don't understand the game in that way.
And the, whereas majority of the time back in the day,
it seemed like guys would get the season in the American league,
regardless of even how high the pick was sometimes and how good they were.
They would say,
go dominate at that level and go learn how to play and be in certain
situations and fucking go learn structure really for the first time.
Cause I know for me,
I don't think I truly,
truly understood the dynamic of all structure and like even what forward
responsibilities were and where you had to be on most in most situations when
the puck was where it was.
Certain guys don't have to do that as much because they have their,
their natural skill is so good that they do get the,
the ability to maybe float around a little bit more,
but it's now all of a sudden you're getting these kids that are 20, 21, 22,
just top six, here you go, hand over the keys to the car,
and they don't understand game and clock management.
And I think Talk was saying, he goes,
why do you think fucking Boston's so good
and why they're so good at protecting leads?
Look at how smart their players are.
Yeah. They might not be the fastest team out there,
but they sure understand puck management and how to know,
how to know to play in a system,
how to manage a game properly,
where maybe you take a,
you know,
a less of a offensive risk play when you're up to just put it behind,
put it behind the defenseman and go fight
for it below the goal line and stay above the puck always having a good f3 not no don't have
pinching d's d's staying inside the dot so i just think a lot of these things are not only
these kids aren't being able to get seasoned as long and it's not even you can't even really teach it or beat it him
to be linked to him at a young age because dude i talked to coaches who coached in the o and in
these young leagues and dude these the inmates run the asylum so to speak you ain't giving the
kid his fucking cookies and his touches dude the fucking agents calling it's a fucking sideshow
it's all about the cookies and that's how you. And guys, you're getting paid at such a young age that you need your points.
You want your points.
And you're willing to cheat just enough that if you do get that turnover, yeah, it's a
two on one.
Are you possibly got a breakaway?
But it works the other way that there's so many times that cheating that that half an
inch ends up causing a big grade A scoring chance against.
And so the only thing coaches have now is ice time.
And in a lot of instances, whether it's from the GM,
whether the coach realizes they have to play the kid,
you just really can't sit certain guys down.
And I remember in the NHL when I would play it,
it was so constant, the defensive zone coverage,
the coverage through the neutral zone,
defending the oncoming rush.
And you always went over it in practice.
And you did a ton of three-on-three down lows.
How often was that a drill, Biz?
Three-on-three down low.
That's how you have to defend.
And so now I don't think that's happening as much.
I don't think teams are practicing as hard or as often.
And with the league getting younger,
it is a really honest assessment.
Here's one for you.
What?
Here's one for you.
So we had Philly two games, right?
So the game on the Wednesday on the TNT broadcast.
They're so bad.
Yeah, they sat back on their lead.
They were up 2-1, and it's on the Sonny Milano goal.
It comes off of what, in my opinion,
a bit of a lazy line change where the guy doesn't come out and get his angle.
Then there's miscommunication through the middle and then bingo bangle.
Right. They just it's a simple thing. It's a line change.
And then going to the game on Friday, same same fucking thing where they didn't end up scoring a goal.
But Philly ends up putting the puck. The defensive player goes all the way back behind the goal line
he advances it all the way up to the far blue while philly's going for a change and then the
guy who comes on the ice loses guy in the middle so it goes from 200 feet to click click to a grade
a scoring chance in their crease and i'm thinking when i when i play for the coyotes we used to work
on our our changes like we used to do drills and practice where, you know, the, the,
the whistle would go new guys out and then you'd have to break out one end,
break out other end, do a neutral zone thing.
And then you would have to change on the fly.
So it taught your brain to know, Hey, even if I'm the first guy on,
I know I basically got to get to the far side of the ice,
which was the weak side. Well,
you might be the fucking centerman doing that, but you got to know where to be in the neutral zone even if like you're not that
if you're not in your normal position so you got to know what the what the f1 is doing you got to
know what the f2 is doing you got to know what the f3 is doing and know it like that and also get out
there get your angle so it's just like turning the brains on and learning these like little
development skills i don't know how much of that is being taught and going on and it seems to be but listen if we sound
like these old dinosaurs shitting on the new wave of nhl it also it also makes for exciting hockey
it's it is faster it is more skillful you're seeing things but you also understand why torts
is saying it's a young dumb league where I'm pulling my fucking hair out,
where we're talking about basic shit here.
Hazy snaps a drawback in the neutral zone on that Pittsburgh broadcast.
They're down 3-0 at home to their fucking rival, getting dummy.
No juice in the tank, no nothing.
They go D to D, dump it in, and the defenseman for Pittsburgh
has got his back to the play.
And F1, F2 guy are just like standing there, not attacking.
He fucking steps out, makes one pass.
Then they make one pass up to, and then it goes to Gino.
Same thing.
Another fucking good quality scoring chance on net.
Just based off all these minor little details that they're just not doing well.
So it adds up, man man i know that like people who
aren't maybe as dialed in don't give a fuck about the fine details of the game but they are definitely
lacking with the with the new wave why do you think look at look at the islanders they're not
that fast of a team but i'll tell you what they fucking play in structure and and they don't allow a lot
of high quality scoring chances yes do they have a good system and in skillful players and a good
goaltender but that fucking whole machine's working together around the ice and that's why coming in
like last year was a fluke you knew they were going to come in and do damage they are going to
be a pain in the ass to beat out of playoffs because of that. They're going to grind you to the fucking bone, just like how Boston's playing right now.
Boston is also on a different level at the fact that they can put the puck in the back of the net and remain in that structure.
But it's it's it's fucking it's suffocating.
Last thing I wanted to shout out.
Good breakdown by you is from that Flyers-Penguin game.
Actually, one, two things.
One, can Torth stop benching Hazy, please?
Yeah, that's getting out of hand.
He's got 22 points in 22 games.
Am I biased?
Yes.
Can you stop benching one of your, like, seven NHL players?
Second thing, the one I wanted to bring up, stick taps,
pat on the back, all of the above for Marcus Pedersen,
who watched Deloria run over LeTang, one of the toughest players in the league.
Marcus Pedersen, I don't know if he's ever had a fight.
If he has, he's probably had one or two, and he squares off and stands in there
and stands up for a teammate and takes a beating from one of the tougher guys out there.
So that is something that shows team unity,
probably why the Penguins are buzzing so much,
not to mention Crosby's having a full-blown MVP caliber season.
He's been so good.
But you want to shout out those depth guys, those depth defensemen,
a guy like Patterson who's played solid and is willing to fight a guy
that is that above him in stature and weight class when it comes to fighting
for a teammate that shows a lot of cohesiveness with that Penguins unit.
Oh, there's nothing like in the locker room when a guy like that survives one of those.
I know.
Well, during the fight, I guess, I think it was...
It'd be like Grinnelli fighting Tyson Fury.
Like, yeah, get in there!
They had a little scrap of the Islanders, too, because Hazy got pummeled by, what's his name, Romanoff there.
And then Wallstrom and Tony D had a nice little scrap.
Did you see that all the Wallstrom,
Tony D Angel?
That was a,
that was a pretty good scrap.
I didn't expect.
And we're also shitting on the flyers.
They've had a very difficult run here.
They're missing some key ingredients,
so we can't fail to mention that,
but they're,
they're,
they're not being very competitive either.
So there's a,
there's a huge difference.
Not to turn it into a Coyotes thing.
Coyotes were supposed to be horrible.
Everybody talked about a lottery team.
These guys are playing their fucking bags off.
They're playing one-goal games.
They're working their fucking nuts off for tourneys.
So that's a team that you want to get behind and be proud of.
Them getting dummied the way they got dummied at home against the penguins.
And listen, I get the fights.
They're the fights, but when between the whistles, man,
figure it the fuck out.
I read a stat that I think in the last 90 to 95 games,
the flyers have three separate 10 game losing streets.
So that's 30 of their games.
It's just like, it's tough.
The ownership, you know, you you know you you think of what
what it was ed snyder i believe his name was and what he did and how what a lasting impact and how
every year the flyers now they haven't won a stanley cup since 1975 but they were in the mix
and they had tough teams and good teams and and he passes away and ownership changes and an owner
makes or breaks a team and i know that they've money there, but it's just it's not working.
And they do have a ton of guys injured.
But even a former penguin who hates the hates the Flyers, I feel bad for that fan base because that's a passionate fan base that loves their team, that shows up to support their team.
And they're watching some absolute trash right now.
So you feel for them.
Yeah.
Since 2017, no team has had more 10-plus game losing streaks than Philly.
They've had four of them.
That's pretty bad, like you said, with three of them just over the last year.
Fire Fletcher Chance were coming out the other day.
It's a tough team to be a fan of.
Prospect Pool is too good right now.
He can't get on the fucking four check, I'll tell you that.
Biz, you know what you should have asked Big Rig about his Coshield commercial
with Ric Flair and Ryan O'Reilly.
Have you seen that yet?
Oh, yeah.
Oh, yeah.
One of those ones where it's a perfect amount of bizarre that you want to keep
watching it over and over.
So they did a great job.
Great cameos and great acting by the Big Rig and O'Reilly.
A couple of stallions.
Like Letty Sauce.
I even gave Patty Maroon a compliment.
I said, great salad to tee him up to talk about Letty Sauce.
And he fucking rolls his eyes to the back of his head.
Because, honestly, nobody really cares about Tampa anymore.
Nobody thinks that they can do it again.
And I was just fucking being real about it.
He did actually,
he promised to wear a mic during the game,
but they had to plug his Instagram.
He actually got like three or 4,000 Instagram followers.
I call,
I was,
I was calling him the clout chaser in the post game.
Yeah.
He was saying starting an only fans.
You were saying to him,
we got off.
I thought I was maybe going to get a pee pee.
Yeah.
I tell you.
People are like, that's not professional.
I'm like, yeah, never have been.
Never have been one time.
It's biz.
Never have been, buddy.
All right.
We haven't even mentioned that guest yet.
We're not bringing him on right now.
Winnipeg Jet, Kyle Connor.
I know Biz teased it last week.
We're going to bring him on in a little bit.
But before we go any further, here's a word from our friends at Game Time.
If you want to
see any games this season you need game time game time is the ticket in an app that makes it easier
than ever to score the best deals on tickets to sports concerts and shows and they guarantee the
lowest price if you haven't given game time a shot yet don't know what you're waiting for you guys
are gonna love this app it's unbelievable we've had tons of Barstool fans using it, hitting us up on social,
telling us about all the great deals and concerts they're getting.
And me and G hooked it up last year.
A bunch of playoff games, a couple concerts over the summer.
It's good stuff.
You want to check it out.
So download the GameTime app.
Go to the Account tab to create a login and redeem code CHICKLETS
for 20 off your first purchase.
Terms apply.
Once again, download GameTime.
Last-minute tickets, lowest price guaranteed.
Some more news to get to.
We should be seeing more scraps in Minnesota as well.
The Wild traded for some muscle,
picked up Ryan Reeves from the Rangers for a fifth-round pick in 2025.
He essentially replaces Nicholas Delary from last year.
Revo had been a scratch in eight of his previous nine Rages games.
So, you know, I think they wanted to do right by him.
He was very popular there.
They wanted to wait for a good thing to line up.
Turned out to be Minnesota.
It also allows the Rags to save a little bit of cap space.
Billy G said, quote, it's not for the fighting.
He's a big personality.
He's got a lot of energy.
He's got swagger.
We've been missing that.
The energy he brings is really good in size.
He's going to help us get our identity back.
So, I mean, Biz, how much more oomph will the Wild get?
I know everybody skates a little bit bigger, a little taller with a guy like that in the lineup.
The connection to Fleury, too, so he gets to seamlessly go right in.
Probably gets the funny icebreaker, him and felino enjoying thanksgiving dinner after that famous
fight last year with the photo that went viral i'm telling you guys there is a purpose for having
a guy like this in the lineup night in night out kaprizov has been getting mauled out there
that ain't gonna be happening anymore and good thing he got out of new york they were not
appreciating him at all especially with how much they're stinking the joint out.
Maybe they could have been fucking using him in the lineup,
figure it out Rangers.
And I'm happy that he landed in this place.
And I really think it's,
I guess it's easy to say now,
cause they haven't had the best of starts.
I really think this turns things around for many.
And I don't know if I had them making playoffs because of the,
the amount of money they're paying on the,
the interest of, of Ryan Suter buyout and Zach Parisi.
But this could be the juice in the locker room that gets them going.
That's a scary lineup.
That's a fucking scary lineup because they got a couple guys on the back end that'll go.
Sturgeon ain't scared.
He's kind of like a light middleweight.
He'll throw him.
Who's the other kid I was talking about?
He fought on the broadcast a couple nights ago.
Was it Middleton?
Not Middleton, but fuck, he'll chuck him too.
I think the kid's from Manitoba.
But now they got Foligno, Greenway, and Revo.
That's the Monstars.
So I'm pumped for Revo.
And people might say, oh, you've changed your tone. No.
Guys, I fucked up the rut.
He embarrassed me at the Scott's Tapes
Trade Center, whatever the fuck it's called.
We're going to have our issues taken care of
off the ice.
The pillow punch, his own town's even laughing
at him. The bar, the
Fugazi story he told.
I'm happy that he's in mini
and I hope they make playoffs now.
Yeah, he and his wife went to Spurgeon's for a Thanksgiving dinner.
I guess he had all the rookies and all the second-year guys over his house.
There was a picture on Instagram.
Pretty cool to do that.
We don't have that many people.
Who, Revo had them?
No, Spurgeon had Revo over.
They just traded for him.
Revo and his wife were there.
But I guess Spurgeon has all the rookies and the second-year guys who,
you know, don't necessarily have somewhere to go.
So he had all those guys all.
So pretty cool gesture from the captain.
Good stuff to see.
Meanwhile, the Rangers, who traded Reeves,
they gave Anaheim their first regulation win of the season,
then blew a 3-0 third period lead to Edmonton on Saturday.
Igor Shosturkin gave up four goals on eight shots in the third period.
And how about Leon Dreisaitl?
Just scores a go-ahead goal late, just watched by Jacob Trubin,
just bitches the stick out of his hands.
Classless.
Maybe one of the most emasculating moments.
Classless.
To just blow a lead like that, and now the game's pretty much over.
You've just given up four in the third,
and then to have the guy who scored do that and
not i was just shocked he didn't skate up to him and punch him like i'd rather you have i'd rather
you drop your nuts on my forehead than oh my god just to blatantly just score the game winner and
then just throw the guy's stick and like laugh at him i was like that's when you know this rangers
team is as mid as mid comes the definition of mid was created for the New York Rangers.
And a lot of people saw this coming, man.
They did.
Last year, it was a brutal five-on-five team
that was carried by special teams
and one of the greatest goaltending seasons
that anyone can ever remember.
And because of the nature of this game,
it was bound to switch.
It was bound to change.
And it was almost impossible
for shisterkin to repeat what he did last year and you're seeing the same type of bullshit kill
this team now and shisterkin is just not able to play at the same level as ilia sorokin sorokin
made 50 saves in shuttle unbelievable shisterkin gave up four goals in his own barn in the third
period to lose i think the r Rangers now they blew a third.
What they,
they,
they were up to nothing in a game recently.
They,
they ended up winning in overtime.
They were up three to one.
They lost that game in regulation and they were up three,
nothing in this game,
lost in regulation.
That's up six points.
They get one of them.
And I don't know what you're going to do now.
Trading Reeves opens up some cap space.
And there are these Patrick Kane rumors
that maybe someday it could happen.
He couldn't even save that team.
What's kind of crazy is like,
you've seen Gerard Gallant get let go unfairly before.
And with the thought of Barry Trotz out there saying he'd love to coach an
original six team.
That's something that Chris Drury as this, as-team continues to dwindle around 500,
it's like, and this is me saying right now,
Gerard Gallant at no point deserves to be fired.
This is not on him.
But you've got to look at, like, what do we do?
And they have, and by the time you're listening to this,
this is Tuesday morning for most of you guys, they got a tilt tonight at home against the Devils so what the hell is going to
happen here because I think the Devils might go in there and kick their ass so Shesterkin let's
see if he can bounce back but just an odd beginning of the season and and you look at
Kako man this guy can't score he gets so many chances it's like he just ends up fumble fucking
the puck around the net it's almost like he panics a little bit and him and the frenia were these
enormous high picks and it's like when they i've said it over and over when they don't turn out
to be grade a players and yes it's early i'm not saying they won't be but as of right now
i don't think you look at either one of those guys and see future superstar.
So I don't even know if they could make my Chicklets Cup ball hockey team
right now.
I know, Biz.
That team's loaded.
You guys haven't won it yet, but it's coming, baby.
It's coming.
I know.
And the other part is, like, you get this backup.
Halak comes in.
Georgiev, when Shcherkin wasn't playing, was great.
And he had a great run as a Ranger.
Halak, he doesn't even want a game yet, I don't think.
No, he hasn't.
So what I'm gathering from your summary is that Shosturkin's a backup.
Galant's on the hot seat in trots.
How about that?
We thought the Leafs, I agree with you.
That's like an Ocean's 13 type bait and switch.
Maybe he was referring to the Rangers.
Maybe that's what that media tour was about.
You think he foresaw this coming?
And do you think if the Rangers are outside of a playoff spot,
six weeks before the end of the season, they would consider doing that?
At that point, six weeks to go.
It's like, I would more think, i don't even want to put this out there because i do not want gerard we're the fucking root not we're the
rumor boys we're just talking about rumors here i i think there's some some report that gerard
galant's like the winningest rangers coach in his first hundred games in the history of the franchise
so it's really hard but i'm just saying that something needs to change there.
And if it's not going to be a big trade,
it's like,
what else do you do?
And so I,
I,
man,
I look at the devils.
I look at the Islanders.
I wouldn't have believed I wouldn't have thought it,
but they both are way better teams than the Rangers.
Way better.
Panarin's now in the longest goal scoring drought he's ever had.
He still has 24 points.
He's gone 12 games without a goal.
You knew Kreider wasn't getting 50 again,
which that isn't really his fault.
I don't think he'd ever had 30 or maybe once,
then he popped off last year.
So there's just so many highs to a 110-point season
that you knew would regress to the mean,
and now you're seeing a mid-team.
Very mid. Extremely mid.
Thank you.
Interesting note on Gallant.
He's never coached a third
full season with any of the teams he's coached like he's not a the fact a the fact that it
happened in florida and then it also happened in vegas you wonder if there's some if there's
some stuff maybe maybe he loses the room a little i don't know because i'm not there but he's plowing
the guy's wires then taking then taking taxis home
guys that is allegedly i'm just kidding that is a biz joke everyone yeah oh we're probably to edit
that one just just deep it out it's a fucking joke guys fuck come on that's funny as shit i
canceled no all right guys galon is not plowing the guy's wives all right hey look at look at i randomly just saw
this they put me in this room where the internet's a little better those are dolphins
wooden dolphins those are the ones that crushed my arch sorry go ahead all right
um but yeah the rangers man i it's fun to see a little a little much of a little much of the
ducks uh celebrating like they won the stanley
cup after their first regulation win after 20 games so but hey aside from that congrats on the
first first reg win the the meltdown now why do you think he did that why did he push him out of
the way like that do you think that was a classless move what druba dry side i'll push in true out of
the way what do you think right side, he gets fucking angry out there.
He can just turn it on where he's just pissed off and he's playing angry
and he just gets a huge goal in possibly a season-defining win for the Oilers.
And then he's just like, fuck you, pigeon, boom, and throws the stick.
But I was shocked.
The captain of the Rangers, and this is coming from a guy who's so
soft and never fought and was afraid of everyone but to blow a third period lead you're on the
ice for I think if not three at least two of the goals in the third and to have a guy throw your
stick like that it's almost must run after him and punch him in the back of the head do you know
what I'm saying 100 it's like I curb stop him where the gate opens he just he
just like looked at him like oh man i loved it biz just because true because true was you know
he's a bully out there and i don't mean that is a bad term there's plenty of boys in the nhl that's
a style to play you know he's obviously had some uh questionable hits plays that style so to have
someone just fucking knock the stick out of his hand that's great man that's just you know someone
being a little impish behind him and fucking adds a little drama i thought
it was hilarious uh you but you've been putting up with marshall so that's nothing yeah right
your standard is so much higher of sliminess and as much as you know picking on the regs here a
little bit uh there's only one point back on the wild card they're not playing that bad if they can
get on a little bit of a heater then I think they'll be right in the mix.
Hit the panic button.
I don't think they are either, but this year, Paul,
it has been the year of the comeback so far.
The Oilers' comeback was yet another one this season
in which 46 of the games have been comeback wins in the NHL this year.
Like you said, St. Louis and Edmonton both had three third-period,
three-goal third-period comebacks on Saturday, this year. Like you said, St. Louis and Edmonton both had three third period, three goal third
period comebacks on Saturday. Just the sixth time ever that two teams did it the same day in the
NHL. Comeback wins are at an all-time high. Every team has at least one. Jersey, Tampa, the Islanders,
Toronto have seven each. And there are 24 third period multi-goal comebacks, the most ever at
this stage of the season.
So like you were saying, Biz,
like just as much as the youth,
do you think the youth matters that much with this stat?
Like just not doing what the veterans typically get done?
Yeah, I mean, it could just be one of those off years,
but the mistakes you're seeing and you're seeing the goals,
you're like, oh my God, you're up to nothing.
Like, what are you doing here?
Like, whoa, whoa, whoa, where are you going?
Like you got enough goals right now. You play on defensive side here and you you live to fight another day
and then you're going to find that opportunity because they're going to start getting desperate
at some point to create offense I kind of went into a full breakdown of why I think in certain
areas another fun stat too I believe the 80 percent of the time that a team is up to nothing they get the next penalty so don't know if it's
like a psychological aspect from a ref's perspective to get the other team back in the
game but i think that may i think sorry hey yeah hey i i mean i was never on the ice so i didn't
really care about what penalties were called but uh i don't yeah i don't i can't remember any real real bad ones um you're gonna have to fucking bleep that name
because he's gonna come after you all right for saying that but that yeah that i just thought
that was another interesting stat but as i mentioned makes for very very exciting hockey
and considering usually in the first 25 30 games you're kind of waiting for the intensity to ramp up.
I feel like that has really added to the allure and gotten people more engaged early on in the season.
All right. You were the first person.
Well, I mean, I remember at least hearing it first from you where you said, like, this is not the old NHL.
I kind of grew up watching.
And now these three nothing leads.
If it teams up three nothing in the first period, it's actually like,
you're like, we're not dead yet. And I remember you said that to me,
it could have been three years ago, two, three years ago.
So it just shows that the power plays being so dominant now from certain teams that creates the ability to get the man advantage,
get a couple like that. And then I don't know. It's, it's, it's, it's,
it's all about, you said biz it's
you don't need any more goals a lot of times and it's so hard for some guys to understand that
now in this day and age that like we don't we have four goals we're set we don't need any more
offense and it doesn't mean sit back and it doesn't mean just let this team take it on to you
but it also means no risks no high risk playsrisk plays, no blue-line turnovers.
And you see those constantly happen with teams with leads,
and that's what forces teams to end up being in a shell
or end up being shorthanded and blow these third-period leads
they're holding on to.
I mean, we've been saying for years now,
the 3-0 lead is the new worst lead in hockey.
It was always 2-0 for years,
but I think it's been 3-0 for a while now.
The game would be over. I mean, 20 years ago, 3-0 for years, but I think it's been 3-0 for a while now.
The game would be over.
I mean, 20 years ago, 3-0 first period,
you'd shut it off,
and now it's like the game's just getting started,
and it's great for the league.
All right, before we continue,
here's the word from our friends at Shopify.
It's time to knock that new business idea out of the pocket with Shopify,
the all-in-one commerce platform
to start, run, and grow your business.
Forget the off-season work. Shopify makes it simple to sell to anyone from anywhere. Whether you're selling
warm-ups or wall hangers, it's time to start selling with Shopify and join the platform
simplifying commerce for millions of businesses worldwide. With Shopify, you'll customize your
online store to your brand discover new customers and build
the relationships that create diehard fans Shopify fields all the sales channels to grow a winning
business from an in-person POS system to an all-in-one e-commerce platform even across social
media platforms like TikTok Facebook and Instagram and thanks to 24 24 seven support in free on-demand business courses,
Shopify is on your team every step of the way. When you're ready to take your winning idea to
the world, team up with Shopify, the commerce platform, powering millions of businesses
down the street and around the globe. Try out Shopify for free today and start selling anywhere. Sign up for a free trial at shopify.com slash chicklets, all lowercase.
Go to shopify.com slash chicklets to start selling online today.
Shopify.com slash chicklets.
Let's see.
Wednesday in Chicago, the Dallas Stars had the biggest regulation comeback in NHL history.
They were losing 4-1 to the Blackhawks with a little over 10 minutes left in the third.
Dallas scored five goals in 9-36 to win the game 6-4.
Didn't even need OT, and they covered the puck line.
Just an unreal comeback.
The Stars are first in the Central, 28 points.
And, boys, it's time we start talking about Jason Robertson as a hot candidate,
an MVP candidate.
He had the first and last Dallas goals in that game,
and this dude is unreal.
He's got a 15-game point scoring streak going into the St.
Louis game Monday night.
This kid, he's not just a dynamic forward.
He's got two great line mates, but he's the engine on this team, Whit.
I mean, I think he's a bonafide hot candidate.
You?
Get the Jurgens out.
He is no doubt right now
in your top three hard finalists
and watching this kid and
him missing camp. Talk about a game
changer for so many players out there.
You don't think, you do not think that
this is going to have a trickle down effect of guys
being willing to hold out a little bit longer.
You're crazy because if to see what
this guy's done after missing camp is
wild and I know he's
young and he's dominant and he plays on the edge and he's willing to kind of go into those dirty
areas that makes him so good but what a hockey player but for me before i get into the young
guy i'm going to show my dinosaur age and my old man um maya culpinist that i've really grown to
to be be a part of and that's i've given jamie've given Jamie Benn and Tyler Sagan kind of a lot of shit on
this show and said how tough it's going to be for Dallas to become a good
team with these guys making this money, playing the way they were.
Bravo to both those guys.
And they have come back and they're finally healthy.
And here's the thing.
While being paid as much as they are,
they're not forced to be the number one guy.
And hence, Pavelski and Robertson have taken over the number one players,
the number one matchups they're going against.
And that allows Ben and Sagan to get different matchups,
some weaker opponents going against them on the other side.
And their games are unreal.
For Jamie Benn right now to be over a point per game,
you got to just actually...
And he's chucking them and fucking bullying.
He's a throwback.
And I said on the preseason preview, I was like, I don't know if they're going to be brutal or they're going to be dominant.
And they are dominant.
And to have Ottinger and that young goalie, it is no doubt a Stanley Cup contender.
The stars.
Hey, when they're on, I watch.
I know. I did not used to think I used
to hate watching the Dallas Stars every time they're on now I'm dialed in and you said Jason
Robertson he's a full-fledged superstar and a guy that I could think could become a face of the
league he is listen he's still young and maybe not the most outgoing off the ice.
We had him on the podcast.
He's extremely reserved.
You could tell he genuinely cares about his game.
He's fucking working on it in the lab all summer long, doing all the skill drills. And we talked about the beneficial side to the quote unquote young and dumb.
These guys are, he's high octane skill and he's vibrant on the ice with his celebrations.
He looks like he's having an absolute ball out there.
And of course you're saying, well, yeah, it's because he's fucking scoring every fucking night.
Buddy, he is, he is a stallion.
The shit that he does out there, he makes it look so effortless and how young he is and how big of a bargain he is.
Dallas Stars, you got a good one, man. And I think that you're getting a guy that is going to be talked about
probably just underneath Dreisaitl and McDavid, right?
I put him right up there with Dreisaitl right now, neck and neck.
I mean, he's second behind McDavid right now, 18 goals, 17 assists,
35 points in just 22 games, and he plays five fuel minutes than McDavid does.
That's even crazier.
His production is out of this world.
He's number two forward in the world right now.
Jason Robertson making 7.4 million for the next three fucking seasons, buddy.
I mean, he's probably going to own half the oil in the state
by the time he's up for the next one one but they got a good bargoon right now
i played against some pretty solid dallas teams um and when that team's good that building is
rocking the tits and that electric oh jesus there's absolute cannons everywhere you just
ice girls you lose you're losing five one they have that ridiculous goal horn and you're just
looking at cannons all over the balcony and those ice ice girls, it's like the perfume that squirts out of the girls' tits.
Yeah, the fembots.
The fembots.
The fembots.
It's a hell of a place to play.
It's a hell of a place to play hockey.
It's a tax-free, no-state tax state.
It's got everything going for itself right now,
and they got this young superstar from Los Angeles that's just changing that city quickly.
So a lot of guys haven't bounced back years.
They have an amazing unreal goalie that's very young.
And they have a world-class coach in Peter DeBoer.
So I think that was a big thing, too, to get him over, to get some confidence back in guys who needed it.
And this team's buzzing.
Oh, behave.
What's the movie I'm thinking of austin powers
yeah good stuff that was a bad impression that was almost as bad as welcome to the rock
wow you said wow i thought you liked i thought you liked my connery wow
no but that last time was your best connery. Okay. Before that, it was
what did you think of the
Connery wit? His last
one was first class. There you go.
Let's see the goalies, man. Goalies have taken
an absolute beating lately, Biz.
And a lot of time, it's their teammates pushing
fucking the opponents right into them.
Friday in Tampa, our buddy,
you know, Bobby Bortuzzo, he gets
bumped by Sergeyev, crashes hard into Vassie,
and then he got jumped by the lightning in the gang initiation
jumping coming over.
That clip was so funny.
7,000 gloves on the ice in two seconds.
I think the last guy is Sergeyev, and you're like,
dude, there's already three guys with no gloves on.
Yeah, he's coming in with a flying elbow.
And he's the one who fucking pushed him into him.
Yeah, exactly. Yeah, Bortuz in with a flying elbow. And he's the one who fucking pushed him into him. Yeah, exactly.
Yeah, Bortuzzo got two minutes for goaltender interference,
which is offset by Cal Foote's rough,
and I don't know how only one guy got rough,
and there was about seven of them beating on him.
Then also Friday, there was some big controversy
going back to the Stars.
They got a late tie and goal because Connor Hellebuck
was down and out after having his mask knocked off
when Josh Morrissey, his defenseman, pushed Jamie Benn into his own goalie, Hellebuck.
The mask came off.
He was down and out across the ice.
The refs didn't blow the whistle.
I don't think they saw the mask down.
It doesn't matter.
Scores, right.
We all thought, right, once the hockey goalie's mask is off, they got to blow the whistle.
They didn't see it.
And then, Biz, biz i know you you know
they said they the review was that ben was pushed into him so that if that's not goalie interference
the play was still live but the other side is well the goalie's face down he doesn't have a mask on
and it's supposed to be an impending uh goal chance scoring chance so it's like well the puck
still get passed twice it was three or four seconds later yeah you know what i mean how
so i get if you're if you're a jets fan watching at home and you initially see that you're like, what the fuck?
Blow the whistle.
Hundred percent.
I get it.
I'm actually happy that the ref didn't.
Just like I'm happy when they don't get too horned up on the offside call because they get the opportunity to go to review.
I'm not arguing what I said a couple weeks ago.
I fucking hate the review, but I'm saying at least I like them
letting it play out rather than calling it
because you can always go back and watch it, which they did.
And then they clearly see Morrissey initiate contact to Ben.
Ben crashes in.
That goal should have counted.
It sucks.
I get that you're fighting for body position,
but Ben had the fine
angle he wasn't inside the crease but by the time he did get contact from morrissey that's when he
crashed into a hellebuck so it sucked i'm sure that they weren't happy and there was like they
were bitching and stuff well i think the hockey gods took care of morrissey and you can explain
what happened with the finish.
Yeah, nice breakaway in overtime with, funny enough, Robertson chasing him.
Made a nice little five-hole.
Boom, wins the game.
Got a little redemption.
But I guess the point is just the idea that a goalie's face down with no mask on,
and the play went on for another four or five seconds.
I get it.
I know the rule and the refs didn't see him get bumped.
They'll lose the mask. But it just like like hellebuck said they should just the rule should be changed where the war
room could say that needed to be blown dead so basically i i don't agree with well they they
essentially do though because if if they would have seen that it was ben who initiated contact
they would have just reversed the goal so i i i disagree with him because you're not getting as many of those as
you're getting of the amount of times that people are going across the blue line and potential
offsides in those situations you got to review it because things are just happening way too fast as
far as well if his own guy hit hit him into him we we need to be able to see that to make the proper call.
So I disagree with Hellebuck on this one. So now I got basically a public enemy number one in Winnipeg.
But do you not agree?
I understand completely why the league is adamant about not blowing the whistle
when the goalie's helmet comes off if the other team has a chance to score a goal.
And that is because you will see goalies throwing their own helmets off nonstop.
A goalie, you know, easily not Matt Murray.
They just flick his.
No, he just knocks the post off instead.
It's just it's it sucks.
And I understand wanting to protect the player, especially the goalie.
And you look at Winnipeg Jets fans, their entire existence is Connor Hellebuck.
So I understand the rage, but you cannot all of a sudden make it a rule that if a goalie's helmet goes flying off
and it's not from another player doing it on the opposing team, that you got to blow the whistle.
Like you're giving goalies an out to have a whistle blown immediately by somehow making it look not on purpose than their helmet flying off.
And I think you're underestimating how often goalies could kind of make that happen. by somehow making it look not on purpose than their helmet flying off.
And I think you're underestimating how often goalies could kind of make that happen if they knew a whistle could come the minute it went down.
Do you know what I mean by that?
And I also want to shout out, like, defensemen look so bad,
like Sergeyev, when you push a guy and he ends up hitting the goalie
because if a goalie gets injured, it's like, what the fuck are you doing?
But I know,
and it's so hard for being a defenseman that got beat and was on the wrong
side of the puck quite often.
It's like,
it's your last ditch effort to try to like push.
What are you going to do?
Just literally not even touch him.
So it's this natural reaction to just push at the guy.
And unfortunately,
like a lot of times he goes flying to the goalie,
but it's such a quick thing that it makes defenseman look really bad when they're just doing whatever they can just possibly like stop a scoring chance so and and
Bertuzzo did a great job of really doing what he could to brace up and not hit Vasilevsky too hard
accidentally on purpose kick in the face um as you're going to the net it's the defenseman's
reaction to try to at least push him to where he's going to the other side of
the post just because you're trying to you're trying to close off that that angle to the net
and if you get beat you know sometimes that that quick split second where all of a sudden he's
gained that step on you you give him that nudge it's fucking it's like going in the car the wall
and nascar man that's that's hockey's version of a nascar crash is that a good breakdown
yep holy fuck i'm buzzing today so yeah like i said what a play by me
elliot elliot friedman said there's likely going to be a directive not a rule change it's basically
like you know enforce this rule that's already been there because yeah the last thing the jets
want to do is lose their number one goalie.
Seen a lot of project goals, too.
There's like goal scored from behind the goal line.
Goals off goalies' masks.
Oh, these TikTok stars.
I mean, Jack Hughes had one of them.
But you're seeing it, R.A., and I'm glad you brought it up,
where these guys are starting to shoot it from the goal line right towards their heads because sometimes it'll just ricochet off their head.
Hughes got one like that. Yeah, I don't know if i skipped out there because my internet's shit right
now but i actually already said that wit so suck on that oh shit i i actually everything's cutting
in and out i'm jamaica man oh yeah man don't stress about the wi-Fi, man. We'll just get it. Carrier pigeon, brother. I read.
How about you call it a potential third world country? Was that all right?
Can you chime in on this?
Is it, it looks away from like some of the ride. I was like, Oh my God.
Yeah. I it's, it's not the most rich country in the world.
Yeah. I mean, I don't. I personally don't usually
say a third world country because it does sound
like you're kind of shitting on a country.
I didn't want to do that.
I'm not saying you did.
I'm just saying, you know,
I don't know how many Jamaican listeners we have.
I don't know if it's a third world country. Many people
probably call it that. I know they have some
poverty issues. They've had government issues
or whatever, but I had a great time when I great time when google says it's a third world country so some of the some of
the nicest people in the world though oh for sure i didn't but hey you it says it on google so
you weren't being offensive what's that i thought it would have been i thought it would have been
second world all right okay so find it from another source yeah i really love saying the internet's
incorrect if it goes against what he says when he only when he only cites the internet for all of
his sources do i not name the the newspaper or the website i always oh yeah because fucking how
about the new york times they they were playing tummy sticks with that guy who stole 10 billion
they had him for a speaking engagement.
You got to trust them.
The New York Times is the most...
That's what we got to listen to.
Now you're putting words in my mouth.
I never said that you said that.
No, I know. I never said that you said that.
That would be like something you could
source, though, that is incorrect.
You can't believe anything nowadays.
We're talking about fucking trots taking over for Gallant. You can't believe anything nowadays yeah we're talking about fucking
trots taking over for a go on you can't believe anything that's coming out of anybody's mouth
these days like when people try to dunk on someone and they they send a screenshot of something
from wikipedia it's like yeah and like gonna need a little more than that i mean i love this i love
this combo can you give us an example of when that's happened?
God, I mean, many times over the years,
like just someone might tell you something or you look it up.
And if it's on Wikipedia, I'll go to Wikipedia,
but I'll definitely verify the source.
Like, you know, they have the links to whatever story.
No, Wikipedia is true.
The devil's mascot, in fact, does own me.
That's probably what you're referring to so yeah i i just damn that's the way i was went to school learned all that
journalism shit i just like to get it right man i don't think that's about it shout out everyone
who was bang on that uh twitter twitter wouldn't exist anymore stay hot guys all right it's almost
time to bring our guest kyle conron but we're going to discuss his team, the Jets, for a minute first.
They've gotten at least a point in 11 of their last 14 games,
now 12-6-1 and three points back at first place Dallas with three games in hand.
Two big reasons why, of course, our goalie, Connor Hellebuck.
We've mentioned him a bunch so far.
And as you'll hear shortly, new coach Rick Bone has had a big part of this as well.
Defenseman Josh Marcy having an unreal year, leading the team in scoring still,
20 points in 19 games, but it's a very well-balanced scoring squad.
Pierre-Luc Dubois, 17 points.
Shifley, 14 points.
Wheeler, 14.
Great top six, but team is going to be without Nikolai Ilas indefinitely
as the forward needs sports hernia surgery.
He's been in the IS since getting hurt October 17th.
But the 26-year-old is expected back this season.
Tough break for the kid.
He started the year on the top line with Shifley and Connor.
Three assists in two games.
And, you know, the team's going to need to get his 50 to 60 points elsewhere.
So hopefully we get him back out there this season.
I don't think that's too bad of a surgery, though.
No, it's not.
You could see him by Christmas. I mean, not by Christmas by january 1st maybe february 1st right i had
bilateral sports hernia surgery so i had both sides done i think full recovery for both sides
you're probably looking at like four to five months but if it's one side i think that he could
be ready to go for playoffs and I hope they make it because they've
been playing their fucking bags off. And, and you talk about new coaching staff. It's kind of nice
because, you know, he left Dallas, which, you know, sucks to see them doing as good as they,
they are now. And he doesn't get to be there, but he goes to a new situation and they're having
similar success. So, and he even got his revenge game in there with the 5-4 OT victory so uh it's
awesome to see man I like seeing us the small markets thrive and especially after the all the
shit they were taking from the fan base last year it seems like those big guns especially Wheeler
um you know is earning them back and the Ehlers loss That's huge because I think that they heavily rely on their offense.
The D's been solid.
They're getting that great goaltending.
Hey, keep the team afloat till you get a guy like that back.
That's basically like getting a deadline acquisition.
So, um, you know, it's, it's good to see.
I like that Dylan guy too.
He's their guy for me where, where he's sticking up for everybody.
If somebody takes a run at one of their guys,
he's always sticking his known in our known and his nose in noon is no,
no,
no,
no,
no,
but,
but,
but,
but,
and another thing too,
though,
is like,
he might not be the toughest guy,
but he's fucking willing to do it.
He's willing to take the distraction off of his teammates.
I would consider him a light heavyweight,
but very willing and eager to get in there to protect teammates.
So shout out to our boy Dylan.
I think we've had him on the pod.
He was also one of the actors in Biz Does BC
that is on our Spittin' Chicklets YouTube channel.
Not a big deal.
And hopefully we can get him on again,
especially if the team keeps buzzing like they are.
And before we go to Kyle O'Connor,
he could be a guy that's in the new uh our favorite game of most underrated player in the league and that's josh morrissey just an awesome defenseman there were even people who had him on
team canada's roster uh had the players actually gone over to the olympics last year super underrated
uh great in all assets all facets of the I think that defensively, he's probably
known as his number one strength is shutting guys down. But this year, 23 points in 20 games,
he's only 14 points away from his career high of 37, which was last year in 79 games. So that's a
player who's just stepped it up, possibly an example of getting a new coach, getting some
more confidence, maybe having a coach that believes in you a little bit more.
I don't know,
but just to see the jump and over a point per game for a guy that that's
never really had offense like that. It's, it's awesome to see.
And if you talk to his teammates, they'll all tell you how good he is.
So one of his teammates right now,
we are pleased to be joined by and that's Kyle Connor.
So USA hockey product,
unfortunately not where you think usa
hockey products come from usually so we'll get into that but we want to thank kyle connor and
here he is chicklets fans this interview is brought to you by cross country mortgage ccm listens you
guys know that they've sponsored sandbaggers i say songbaggers i meant to say sandbaggers. Did I say songbaggers? I meant to say sandbaggers. Bring it back on the rails, biz.
They understand. They communicate throughout the entire loan process. They provide loan options
tailored to your financial capabilities. That's right, folks. Innovative technology focusing on
the important things to fulfill your loan needs. Faster closing times than the competition,
things to fulfill your loan needs faster closing times than the competition stable monthly payments and low to no down payments access your equity to use for larger expenses such as debt consolidation
or even home renovations in which i'm going through right now they take that stress away
that's what they do allow that for the contractor. Anyway, Cross Country Mortgage, they love you.
They listen.
Check them out.
See if you qualify today.
Visit ccm.com slash barstool now.
Cross Country Mortgage, LLC, NMLS 3029.
All loans subject to underwriting approval.
Check them out, guys.
ccm.com slash barstool right now and
enjoy the interview all right it's time to welcome our next guest this high scoring left
wing was taken by winnipeg 17th overall at the 2015 draft he was a hobie baker finalist his one
year at michigan came in fourth and called the trophy voting his rookie year, and he won the Lady Bing trophy last year.
And he just started his seventh NHL season as a member of the first place Winnipeg Jets.
Thanks so much for joining us on the Spittin' Chicklets podcast.
Kyle Connor, how's it going, man?
It's going well. Thanks for having me.
Kyle fucking Connor.
It's a big deal for us, man.
This is huge for us.
A Winnipeg Jet?
A miracle breakdown? It's a big deal for us, man. This is huge for us. A Winnipeg jet. We can verify.
No, we're catching heat for not talking about you guys enough.
It's been a hell of a start for the for the fellas up in Winnipeg, huh?
Yeah, it's been good.
That's it.
That's all you got.
Yeah, it's been good.
Come on, buddy.
We put a lot of tea for you.
Give me some.
Give us the tea, as they say.
What's going on in that locker room?
The mojo must be high.
Oh, yeah, it's been great.
Obviously, we got Bones.
He's a beauty.
He's such a great coach.
Good guy.
It's a guy that you want to play for.
He's a player coach.
You know, you talk to anybody, it's, you know, he's he's player coach you know you talk to anybody it's um you know he's
team guy first and um so we've all kind of rallied behind him and um just been building on this thing
i think we're a little inconsistent the first couple games but um you know i think everybody's
in this in it together this year you guys all call him bones in the locker room that's what
you refer to him as coach bones oh yeah and bones how does how does one get that camaraderie up did
he take you guys out in training camp you guys will get shit face and do a little team bonding
in order to get that mojo going early yeah we went up to uh we went up to bam for training camp at
the end of the preseason there did a little fishing that was pretty cool we did fly fishing
took the whole team out um you know went out camaraderie a couple drinks with the boys um you know nothing too crazy and
um but as far as bones like he's he's very different from you know i guess the only coach
i've had in the nhl is paul maurice but he's just he's always around the locker room he
you know it's a practice day he's just coming and sitting always around the locker room. He, you know, it's a practice day. He's just coming in, sitting in the locker room and,
you know, just talking to guys. How are you? How's it going?
What's going on in your life? And it's, it's cool to see, you know,
you don't get it.
Coaches kind of keep their distance from players it seems at times.
And he's right there in the mix. So, you know,
you want to play for the guy.
How are your fly fishing skills?
All right.
I'd like to say I'm better than uh mostly i enjoy you know fishing and all that
stuff so it's good oh you do that stuff in the summer anyways yeah all right oh he's from he's
from shelby township michigan he bet he fucking lives out of a cabela's i bet no hey you're you're
you're a big national park guide you go there go there to do the fishing and the whole experience?
Do you camp there on the grounds?
Not on the grounds, but yeah, I went to Yellowstone this summer.
It was really cool.
Went out there.
Yeah, I'm a big outdoor.
I love hunting and fishing.
So anytime I get a chance to go out there.
More of a saltwater guy or a freshwater guy when it comes to fishing?
Freshwater.
We got Michigan.
It's quite far away from the ocean.
We're up on fishing now.
He lives in Michigan, but he's just flying.
He traveled to go fishing all summer.
Well, he did sign a
50 million ticket, so he could
probably do whatever the fuck he wants.
Go where he wants, right?
He's got a pond in his backyard
in Michigan that's salt water. He's got
exotic... He just
dumps it for him, that's salt water. He's got like exotic  he just like
Bones comes and stalks it for him, Biz.
That's how they became tight this offseason.
Oh, 100.
Hey, one other thing too is you're obviously a huge country music fan.
So you're one of the teams this year in Winnipeg
where you guys got to pick your own goal song.
So you're the only one with a country song,
and you're, I believe, Luke Combs?
Yeah, Luke Combs. That's's my guy that's your guy yeah it's i mean finally i think we've been talking about it for quite a bit kind of have your own goal song i like it's kind of like baseball
you know everybody's got their own song so it's cool cool to see um yeah luke combs i've seen him
in concert uh two or three years ago and he puts on a great show and huge country music guy.
So I had to go with him. I think Luke Combs and Stapleton right now are kind of a step above anyone else in country music.
Those are my two guys. Yeah. I saw him last summer through Stapleton puts on a great show.
How does that work in the locker room? Do you have to wait to be a rink rat and wait to go to the gym session afterward?
Because, like, there's not many guys who bump the country in the locker room anymore.
You'd be surprised.
We got quite a few guys here that don't mind it.
You know, time and place.
Before the game, obviously, we're not playing Chris Stapleton to get pumped up.
But, you know, it's practice day, kind of change up the vibe, but yeah, we, we got quite a few guys.
Yes. I guess what Nate Schmidt's song is.
I could see you loving this one at weddings,
weddings Mamba number five. Oh, Jesus. Or is it Mamba number five jam?
Would you guys give it to him in the locker room about that?
Why did he pick that song?
Oh, if you guys know Nate, that's him.
He's just such a happy-go-happy guy and talking so much in the locker room.
It just fits his personality.
Dancing, you know, it's great.
We love it.
That's awesome.
Does he have a goal yet this year?
Because, I mean, there's a chance.
You don't get one all season if you pick that.
Oh, he's got two.
He's got two.
Yeah, oh, yeah.
How many at home, though?
One for sure.
The fans got to hear it.
Did you feel a little bit more excitement in the fact that the fans
maybe knew that that was coming?
Like, who gets the biggest ovation for the song?
Ooh. fans maybe knew that that was coming like who gets the the biggest ovation for the song oh um yeah sam gagne he had i think mr brightside he's got going right now for his goal song
he scored a game winner like our first home game um with like a minute left or something and
the boys was loving it all right that was yeah that got him going for sure none
of the old guys had any eye rolls you know given the history of players not wanting to put the
spotlight on themselves with these goal songs nobody had any beeps with him yeah that's why
they took the c away from wheeler because he was trying to go against it no i'm serious you guys
didn't hear that he wasn't down with it yeah you, he felt like they were like, okay, you're gone.
No, they're all good with it.
That's a good segue, Biz. Actually, I want to bring up Bones.
I mean, he coming over the stomach, before even camp started,
he basically rebooted the whole leadership of the group.
How did that go over with the team,
and how have you guys been able to respond so well
to such a major change in the room?
Yeah, I mean, it was a shock to everybody, I would say.
Definitely did not expect that coming um but you know i think we've handled it very well um you know i think
just the focal point was to be more of a collective team um leadership and um you know i think this is
arguably one of the tightest teams that you know i've been a part of since I've been here.
You know, I guess it's one of the perks of playing in Winnipeg is,
you know, you got to lean on your teammates.
You know, you're going out to dinners a lot on the road.
And, you know, even at home, there's, you know, not too much to do here.
So we're getting together and, you know, we're hanging out together.
And it brings everybody close.
How did Bones initially address it with the team after, after he did it?
Just told us in the locker room, you know,
this is what he was going to do and kind of left it at that, you know,
obviously had some other words and, but yeah, it was,
it was definitely a shock.
Was it,
was it hard listening to maybe some of the outside noise as to maybe what
speculation was going on about the situation.
And did you guys really use it as an opportunity to kind of like galvanize one
each other and that's maybe another reason for the hot start?
Yeah. I mean, that's all it is, is noise. I mean, you gotta,
it happens with every team. There's,
there's always something going on with the media or some kind of story that
they're trying to turn and um
for us it's all about the group in the locker room um you know we've we've dealt with it in the years
past it's obviously a pretty big market here they love their hockey um so you know we we can't
control that we control and we we're talking about in the locker room and uh go from there
you you've seen the calabuck, you know, play incredible throughout his career
and since you've been a Jet.
And then last year, the whole team, right?
I mean, except for you, I guess,
but it was a struggle.
And now you notice he's right back on top of his game.
Like what is different about him?
Is it attitude?
Is it kind of off ice?
You notice more?
Is it just kind of on the ice?
He's just so dialed in right now.
Honestly, with nothing.
Like he's... Really? Yeah, he's maybe it was just one of on the ice he's just so dialed in right now i honestly would nothing like he's really yeah he's maybe it's just one of those years i think he just had an off year like it wasn't even like that bad just his standard is so high um so it's you know i i
we're right by each other in the summer we skate a lot like he he works hard every summer comes
into it um you know maybe that's a question you ask him if you know like if he tweaked anything
in the summer but from my standpoint you know he works just as hard as anybody in that room and
um he wants to be the best he knows he's capable of it and um you know i think we're giving him a
little bit more of a structure to you know kind of eliminate those um great days that we're given
based on the new structure that we have as a team. And another guy, in watching a couple games, Pionk.
Now, Neil Pionk was considered not a throw-in,
but when Trouba got traded to the Rangers,
I mean, it was a first-round pick of Pionk,
and he's been great ever since he got there.
This year, probably taking even a bigger step.
Did you know anything about him when he came over?
I know it's been a while now,
but he's kind of exploded on the scene this season.
Yeah, it's funny.
I played a tournament with Neal and Kindersley, I think it's in Saskatchewan
or somewhere in there, the Junior A Challenge from the USHL guys over there.
So I knew him pretty well.
I actually played against him in Youngstown when I played there.
Always knew he was a talented defenseman.
I mean, you see some of the highlights he had with the Rangers,
you know, before we got him.
And then, you know, he's got a lot of skill.
We knew it was there.
He's had a great start.
I mean, him and Morrissey have just been electric this year, those two.
So we've leaned heavily on them, too.
Yeah, and Morrissey, as of right now, leads the team in scoring.
So just kind of lighting it up defensively, which is huge. Does he let you guys know? heavily on them too yeah yeah and morrissey as of right now leads the team in scoring so just uh
kind of lighting it up defensively which is does he let you guys know in the room like is he a
funny guy like yeah like walk strutting around like i'm leading the team with all these skill guys
not in that way but yeah i mean he's feeling it he's uh he's a very sarcastic he's got a great
sense of humor um he's he's a great guy yeah he's playing really well He's a very sarcastic. He's got a great sense of humor.
He's a great guy.
He's playing really well right now.
I don't know if he's going to be able to keep this up, though, Witt.
You've got 14 apples already.
One goal.
This is like my start in Edmonton.
Not to make this about me, Kyle.
I got hot in Edmonton.
It took me forever to score, then I got hurt.
You brought up the USHL, though, because looking back,
I've never had the pleasure of meeting you, but you almost won the Hobie Baker as a freshman at Michigan.
But throughout your years leading up,
did you not get asked to play for the national program?
I did after my first year in Youngstown.
Wow, and you were loyal to Youngstown
and stayed there for three total years,
huh?
Yeah.
It was just a situation where,
you know,
I felt I developed really well my first year,
like the opportunity I was getting there.
Another thing,
I was a late 96.
So if I play at the development team after my first year,
it's kind of like,
I got to go back to
the USHL or do more like advanced school it's it was kind of a whole scenario but I was happy
with that um you know they were great to me and I thought I was getting a good development you know
when it came to college was it Michigan or Bust given a local guy yeah that was I mean yeah it
was Michigan or Bust for sure it was one of the first teams that
approached me as well um so it didn't really do any other you know visits at all um they were
maybe one of the i think miami ohio i was talking to as well um maybe one or other two schools but
it was a no-brainer was playing juniorsiors in Canada even an option on the table at all?
No.
I was drafted.
They always draft the college guys late.
I think I was drafted the 14th round, but never an option.
I'm just wondering, number 81, I watch you fly around.
Like, how did that come about?
Is that a training camp number that you kept,
or was that always your number growing up?
Yeah. No, I was 18 in college 18 like bell tire and brian little was
18 coming in here so i was uh flipped it a little little schmelt didn't want to ask uh
brian for his number or anything so i just flipped it when did you get the confidence
to start rocking a fedora i saw a picture you with you with a fedora on. R.A.'s a big fedora guy.
No, no.
I'm a pork pie guy, not a fedora guy.
Okay, all right.
You got to do something with his hair,
so it's either a toque or throw a hat on.
Would you ever braid it?
You should start braiding it and going no bucky and warm up.
Just throw a fucking curveball to the fans in Winnipeg.
Get Kyle fucking Connor.
Yeah, who's that rapper he'd look like?
Cornell, you know who I'm talking about
the grills get the grill too
why would
riffraff riffraff
yeah we'll color the
braids and shit we'll buy an advertised
for Pink Whitney on one side and then right
Kyle fucking Connor and get it stitched in with
the with the with the blade
there we go
that 2015 draft obviously much discussed uh what were you hoping for or expecting going
into it given that you know plethora of possibilities out there yeah i had a pretty
good interview with florida i think they were picking 11 um yeah i really thought i was going
to go to them um just based interviews, conversations, the combine.
Didn't get picked there and didn't really know.
Apparently, I didn't have a good interview with Boston.
They missed the three picks there.
Oh, yeah.
That's that draft?
Oh, yeah.
Whoopsie-daisy.
And then, yeah, 17th.
Is it kind of nice being in, like,
basically you feel like you're the center of the hockey universe, right?
There's nothing really else going on there in the winter.
Do you guys enjoy that, or does it get to be, like, a little bit much?
Because you guys can't even go out and get a Tim Hortons coffee
without getting hounded.
No, it's awesome.
Like, I love playing here.
They love their hockey.
It's, like, we can't wait to get back in the playoffs. Hopefully it's this year.
Those wideouts and that run we had in 2018, there's nothing better playing in front of that crowd.
You just get chills thinking about it, coming out to that crowd.
The whole city, block party. They love their hockey here. It's awesome.
You mentioned Brian Little had your number and you were a Schmelt.
Who were the guys that kind of, I don't know, took you under your wing,
guys you were having dinner with on the road that you look back at rookie year?
And I know you spent most of the year in the minors,
but who were guys that kind of shaped you as a pro and taught you the way to be?
Just, yeah, the veterans that year.
Scheifele, Wheels, Hellebuck, too too I'm really close with him um going out to dinner
Lowry he's been here for a while he's an awesome dude um so yeah those guys have been unreal just
kind of showing you the way just the regular way to pro hockey um obviously it's a big difference
coming from college hockey uh like you said had to spend some time in the minors um to really adjust to the game
were you surprised about that because i mean like not often do you see guys had that type of year
in college one year and then spend any time but it was probably good for your development i'm
guessing no it was great like i i came in played the first 20 games that year and maybe had five
points and just wasn't really playing a lot and i
was i was thrilled to be i mean i guess saying now thrilled to be sent down but like i wasn't
playing i was a young guy and i wanted to play i was playing maybe five minutes a night six minutes
a night it's it's tough for a young guy even you see it so many nowadays too um they just need to
play hockey and get adjusted to the game um so i so I went down there and it was, it was a struggle a little bit too.
It came down and, um, uh,
it took a while for me to get going and obviously finished the year down
there and started the next year too. I started the first four games and, um,
that had to be disappointed though. For sure. It was. Yeah. Yeah.
I mean, I had a great second half of the year down with the moose and then coming into it, obviously, you got high hopes coming into the camp.
And, you know, you never know.
You got to be ready when your opportunity calls.
I was, you know, fortunate there's an injury and kind of got called up right away.
And, you know, it wasn't even, yeah, it wasn't even expecting it.
You get sent down, you don't expect to be called up that quick.
You briefly mentioned Paul Maurice.
You mentioned Bones, like, communicates with his guys really well.
Paul Maurice seemed like a well-thought-out guy
and very similar, like a players coach.
Was he like that as well?
And how much of an impact did he have on your career?
Huge, yeah.
He was in a sense, but two different.
He's a great motivator.
His pregame speeches, Maurice in the locker room,
it makes you want to run through a wall it's really yeah like phenomenal motivator uh talker it's um just taught a lot to me about the game um but you know in that sense comparing those two to
bones just two two different coaches in that philosophy. You know, not as much interaction, you know, day-to-day,
I would say, between him and Maurice.
Like Al Pacino, any given Sunday type of run through a fucking wall?
Like the Russians had their time.
Yeah, this guy's incredible.
Even talking to other veteran players who've seen other coaches,
that's all I've known, obviously, coming in the NHL.
And they say he's by far one of the best motivators, pregame speeches they've ever heard.
So last year, it was kind of shocking.
I mean, you see a lot of coaches get fired in the middle of the year,
but not often does a coach kind of get up in there and quit.
And Maurice got up and spoke about the guys just needing a different voice,
which is so normal in pro sports.
It's not just hockey.
At some point, the message kind of doesn't get through.
Still must have been shocking for the team.
All of a sudden, one morning, he's gone, and it was his decision, right?
Yeah. Yeah, it totally was.
That was a complete shock, I think.
We lost a couple games before.
I remember him bagging us.
We've never really had a bag skate as a team it was like a really
long practice um and then we had it was a game day he just came in he was wearing a suit everybody's
kind of like what's going on and he you know he told us he's um needed to take a step away and
um you know obviously we've all seen his press conference and given his reasons why.
But it was a complete shock to, I would say, everybody in the room.
I'd be shocked if anybody said it wasn't.
Now, did the team generally understand or was there sort of a sense he was maybe bailing out on the guys among some of the teammates?
No, I mean, you always it's I think he said he lost love for the game for a bit there.
And, you know, it's tough.
It's  you know, you sympathize with that.
You never want to hear that. So it's  you can't make someone force them to come to work.
I don't think, like, people understand how much goes into it.
Like, not only the preparation, but even, like,
maintaining those relationships and, like, you know, trying to
you know, every guy wants more ice time.
You're trying to help them work on their game so you can give it to them.
Like it's fucking, it's got to,
the world's got to come down on you sometimes like that.
Yeah. It's, I can't imagine. It's gotta be a pretty stressful job.
Even the assistant coaches. I mean, they're cutting all the video.
I'm sure they spent more hours at the rink than any of us combined.
Yeah. It's, it's tough.
I think he was the longest tenure head coach besides uh
uh cooper i think in tampa too he was there a long time you know like your point it's maybe
you just need a different voice and i don't even say this to be mean but then you go outside in
the wintertime in winnipeg like like that kind of wears on you a little bit too you're not seeing
the sun much and i'm not trying to be an. Like, doesn't that fuck you up a little bit?
He's ice fishing, bro.
He loves it.
Yeah, I don't mind it.
But yeah, I get your point, Miz.
Yeah, it's tough, you know.
Maybe that's why they didn't draft you at Florida.
They're like, I don't know.
He's got some sensitive skin, man.
We have to look out for the guy.
Yeah, there we go.
I want to go back a little bit, kind of jumping all over the place.
But I mentioned this legendary freshman year you had at Michigan.
I noticed at the end of the season you were asked to play
in the World Championships with a lot of NHLers.
How were you not on the World Junior team?
Am I missing something at Christmas?
Yeah, that's a question.
You didn't make the team?
No, I didn't even make the camp.
I don't know what was going on there.
Holy shit.
Okay, so, folks, this goes back to probably not going to Ann Arbor
and not going to play for the National Development Program
to have a freshman lead the NCAA in scoring
and finish runner-up in the Hobie Baker
and not make the world junior team.
That's one of the all-time snubs I've ever heard of.
Yeah, that's for whatever reason.-time snubs i've ever heard of yeah that's uh for whatever reason
whose old lady did you plow
yeah i don't know but obviously at the end of the year they invited me to the world championships
jesus that's gonna be the only time that's ever happened kid doesn't make world juniors but he
makes the world champ you must like beat up a kid in lights or something, like the head scout or some shit.
That's crazy.
One other old teammate I want to ask about.
Big Buff is kind of obligatory when we have one of his old teammates.
I know you played three seasons with him.
You got any stories you want to share with him,
or just the overall take on Big Buff in the locker room?
Yeah, love that guy.
He's awesome.
He's just such a presence on the ice. I don know top of my head a great story here but um just such a presence on the ice and he dominated
games out there um you know it just comes back into my mind is our series in 2018 and you know
and vegas just pulling two guys out of the pile like He just manhandled guys. He was such a presence out there.
We went out ice fishing a ton.
We had a good group of guys that loved to do it.
So great guy, goofy guy, loved to laugh, just make jokes.
He was a prankster around the locker room too.
So he was awesome.
Missed that guy as well.
Any sightings of him lately?
I know he's kind of disappeared since he's retired.
Have you heard or seen him at all?
No, he's from Minnesota. probably just back home enjoying it.
Just chilling.
Growing up in Michigan, I read your favorite player, Pavel Datsyuk.
Did you get a chance to watch him a ton live?
Like just, you know, obviously what stood out the most about his game to you?
Just the creativity.
Watched him a ton growing up as well.
Just his puck skills, loved his takeaway ability too.
Actually, cool story.
So that year at the end of the freshman year,
played world championships, got a chance to play against him.
He was over there in Russia as he went over there.
That was the only time I played against him.
But just the most typical Dotsu play.
I think he stripped one of our defensemen down low,
like backhand, no-look pass, right to the slot, tap in.
Like just  he was so good away from the puck too.
And some of his takeaways.
And obviously he's pretty talented with his hands as well.
Nothing was worse than seeing like one of your teammates get caught out there tired
and he was coming on fresh.
Like you were like, get the iron pony ready
somebody's like a great white shark like approaching him you hear the music oh yeah it was
the one uh against couture in the corner there like just undressed oh and he broke his ankles
yeah like stuff like that every night just sticks out to me and i would watch his watch his highlight
tapes before you know midget hockey. You just watch those all day.
His best takeaway, I don't know if anyone listening can YouTube it,
he gets a Nashville defenseman from behind in Joe Louis Arena,
right from behind the net.
The guy goes to take a step.
He's like, it's in the net in.2 seconds.
The goalie doesn't even know what happened.
That dude's just laughing.
So, yeah, he was the master of that.
Actually, we just had Marion Hossa on on and he was saying he was like just obsessed with trying to play with him
and learn so it's pretty cool to hear even even other hall of famers were like you as a young kid
um as far as your summers go are you hardcore hardcore hockey like constantly developing your
skills like what's your training regimen like yeah for the most part i mean i obviously take some time off like a month
or so um and you know i won't get on the ice for a little bit i'll hit the gym for for another
month or so and then start skating but yeah once we get going it's it's pretty hardcore we got a
really good group down there in michigan back to hell about for a second on day days he's playing
is he like one of those goalies,
don't approach at all, don't go near him?
Because we know he has that kind of routine where he does the weird
I-thing by the bench.
No, he's out playing soccer.
Plays soccer for a bit with the boy.
Yeah, he's probably on the less superstitious goalie kind of weird
routines, I would say, that I've seen.
So he's good.
Did you have any questions for us?
What?
Did you have any questions for us?
I got nothing.
Okay, I was just wondering.
Go ahead, guys.
Oh, that's fucking awesome, man.
This is great.
He had like 45 questions for us.
Oh, perfect.
This is a conversation. 93 points last year you might be the most underrated player in the national hockey league
it's probably with the fact that you play in winnipeg and i think that they like tsn owns
those game rights so like sports net people aren't seeing your games at all but fuck man
93 points in the national league man like how do you, like, it's fucking crazy.
Yeah.
Just looking to build on it.
Obviously, I had a good year last year.
And, you know, I'm the type of player to try to build on it every single year.
We'll see where it goes.
Obviously, a great year.
You know, but even as a team, I think it's just,
it's just, we're just getting going.
I want to go back to college for one second.
At what point did you know you weren't going to be back for your sophomore year?
Was that the plan all along, one and done,
or was it something you had to decide during that season?
No, I mean, you definitely don't go into a season expecting to be one and done.
You never know.
You've seen it happen before in the past.
But just kind of how the season unfolded, the type of guys that we're leaping to.
We had a really good team that year,
played with JT Comfer and Tyler Mott on the line.
They were both gone.
Wierenski was leaving that year as well.
So it was kind of the thing, just development-wise,
the team was, you know, we only played two games a weekend,
so the practices, you know, it's not going to be as good.
Just getting ready for the pro game, I thought it was time.
Were they paying guys back then too?
No.
Yeah, Wierenski took all the dough though, I bet.
Oh, did he?
Yeah, those college guys are getting pretty good now.
They might be making more money than the basketball guys now with the team they got.
Grinnell, you got to maybe have a couple questions for him, no?
Yeah, did you go  so I'm huge michigan football guy like did you ever go
to any big games when you were there do you ever meet any of the football players like what was it
like going to like that big football school oh it was so cool they had i mean not the type of teams
that have now the caliber um we could never beat ohio state when i was there but um i was the michigan state game the muffed punt we don't like
to talk about it but that just stands out to my mind yeah we were i was not i was at the game
first half left because we had like a team meal whatever just watching with some of the guys
and um that one always stick out to me but we get to go go to a couple games. The season starts a little earlier.
So, for the most part, we're playing on Saturday when they're playing on Saturday.
So, you get like two games to go to.
But that buzz around the city when the football team is playing is crazy.
The town triples in size.
Was that still Red Berenson?
Yeah.
He was old school, huh?
Yeah, he was awesome.
He's got some good quotes. I mean he he still loved the game too that's what i love about him he was skating around calling for passes
as we're skating around and um like ripping backhanders he had a really sick backhand actually
for i think he was like 75 at the time coaching that's because when he played he played with a
straight stick like crosby's rookie year They had the straight Northland sticks.
Yeah, exactly.
Would you say Michigan's the top place to play?
Like if you were a college recruit right now, would you say Michigan is the ideal place?
Because, I mean, Yost Arena too, Witt, that's a place you've always talked about.
It's just being like an awesome barn.
So like if you were a college...
I'm going to be you.
What do you think this kid's going to say?
He's going to be like, yeah, Michigan State's actually better.
Tech.
I'll tell you though, Michigan is sick.
The Yost Arena is unbelievable.
There's like light that comes through.
I'm a BU guy, but put it this way.
If it was Michigan State or Michigan, it's a no brainer.
You mentioned Schmidt dancing around the locker room.
Like who's the biggest clown on the team who's the who's the jester who's who's the jokester in the locker
room keeping the boys loose he's for sure out there um i'd say morrissey's kind of like
undercover he's like he'd be like a sneaky joke um kind of in the weeds but he's he's hilarious
too schmidt he's schmidt he's very outgoing very outgoing. You need a good laugh or a conversation,
you know who to go to for that guy.
Who's the worst-dressed guy on the team?
Worst-dressed?
Oh, man.
Pick on Hellebuck.
He's my buddy, but he's got some tough style.
Bad suits or all of it?
Just all of it.
Yeah, just all of the above.
All right.
My last thing for you.
Growing up, I'm always curious talking to guys.
Were you hockey all summer, even at like 10, 11, 12?
Were you playing other sports?
No, I didn't fully commit to move ninth grade.
So I'm 14 years old.
I played baseball, football uh played basketball in the
junior high just that's where all my buddies did that's what we did we just loved sports
yeah and i moved away i moved to youngstown i was focused on hockey there oh so the gear went
away in the summer that's a good lesson to hear yeah kyle how do you like to kill time on the
road uh you play cards on the airplane you a netflix tv movie guy what do you what do you like in that regard yeah play cards on on the plane um once we get in grab dinner with
the guys uh depends on the city you know catch a show or something guys play big money there's a
couple big contracts on that team nothing crazy we play sharps oh a buck a point five bucks a point five bucks yeah oh okay that's
that's heavy that's heavy holy shit what do you get what do you get 10 bucks for for a burn
two two circles or one circle uh i don't think it's we just play five bucks a point it's no
no punter yeah he's probably getting shredded he's just writing guys checks constantly
this guy yeah no no blue lights going on on that team um i i was just gonna ask one more about uh
shifley and how how much work he did uh one-on-one with adam oats did you ever work with adam oats
one-on-one did you pick up anything off him from that? No.
But, I mean, to your point, Shifley, he's, you know, he works with him really closely.
We've got a couple of guys on our team that work with him,
and, you know, they seem to love it.
It's just, I don't know, I don't need that.
Never been a huge skills coach, I guess, guy.
Overthink it for me.
But it obviously works for Sh for sure. He puts in
a ton of work on his game, but this guy's on the ice. Um, last guy out there every time we practice.
Before we get to that last question, we're going to talk to you about Chevrolet
from the bolt to the blazer, the Equinox to the Silverado Chevy EVs are for everyone
everywhere. They are affordable and you don't have to be rich to have an EV.
Guys, this is an all-star capability
on a rookie's budget.
That entry-level contract doesn't matter.
We got you with the EVs.
With enough space for the whole squad,
you guys are going to be comfortable.
The Chevy EVs are not only comfortable,
they're affordable, and they go the distance.
Over 2,000 certified EV dealerships now, along with a growing network of public charging stations to help you live electric.
Finally, charging won't put you in the penalty box.
Ooh-wee, that's a knee slapper.
EVs are for everyone, everywhere.
Now back to the interview.
I was going to say, looking at your stats so far this year,
two goals, 10 assists.
Are we going to have to start calling you a playmaker now?
You're looking more like that than a goal scorer so far.
Oh, all right.
All right.
All right.
Just surfing the goal from 47 to 2.
Calling you the muffin man.
What do you got?
Do some wrist curls.
I'm a great passer.
What are you talking about?
Oh, yeah.
Wrist curls. Add those to talking about? Oh, yeah. Wrist curls.
Yeah.
Add those to the training regimen, buddy.
Yeah, exactly.
Tell Morrissey to start finding you, for fuck's sake.
Yeah.
No, just how it's been worked out.
Getting the chances.
I mean, you always say you're getting the chances.
I think I'm shooting at, like, probably 2 or 3 or something.
But over my career, I've been, like, 15. So I just obviously tough start, um,
the goal department, but, um, it usually evens out over time.
That's exactly what I think to break to bring cats career is.
And then he got to the other day.
It's just bound to change the shooting percentage,
but we can't thank you enough for coming on.
I don't know if biz has anything else for you, but you just said,
bro, chicklets bump, man, watch, they're going to start coming in droves now, buddy. We can't thank you enough for coming on. I don't know if Biz has anything else for you. No, you just said it.
Chicklets Bump, man.
Watch.
They're going to start coming in droves now, buddy.
You can thank us later.
Kyle fucking Connor, baby.
Congratulations on everything, my friend, and hopefully we get you on again,
especially if you guys make a playoff run with the Whiteout in Winnipeg.
Yeah.
Thanks for having me, guys.
Big thanks to Kyle Connor for joining us.
Hope everybody enjoyed the chat.
Seems like a nice kid.
And he had a little chicklets bump right away,
biz.
He had a hat trick a couple of days after the interview added a couple more goals.
So up to seven goals since the interview.
So keep it rolling kid.
I got a 60 to one ticket on them too.
But when 60,
you're welcome,
you're welcome.
Jets fans give you a little tummy stick action.
All of a sudden you guys are buzzing.
We got a little more tummy
sticks to go here, Biz.
Monday in Tampa last week, Patrice
Bergeron scored his 1,000th
career point with an assist on a Brad
Marchand goal. He's just the fourth
Bruin to hit 1,000 points to go
along with Ray Book, Johnny Busick,
and Phil Esposito.
We've been stroking Barry off all season.
Just another excellent accomplishment by this guy.
Just a model citizen.
And believe it or not, Biz, I actually saw him Thanksgiving night,
and I didn't bother him.
I left him alone, believe it or not.
Yeah, sound.
I swear to God.
He's in R.A.'s basement.
You left him alone after he got dragged out in handcuffs.
The best part about that thousandth point was the fact that when
Marshawn realized that Bergeron had a point on it,
because he kind of like, you could tell it's a split second
when he's like, oh, my God, and he just kind of looked at him.
And that was awesome.
I mean, I think last week I said, to be known as a defensive specialist
with all the Selkies and still have a thousand points, bravo.
Yeah, and I like what claude julian said in the
video the bruins come out but he said he probably prevented just as many going the other way too
which i thought was a pretty fitting statement from his old coach uh let's see also also the
bruins set a new nhl record with their 12th straight home win to open a season after their
3-2 ot comeback over the carolina so new NHL record for them. And how about this, Whit?
The Salts and the Bruins have won 19 of the first 20 home games at TD Garden.
It's the most wins through 20 combined home games
by an NBA and NHL team that share an arena.
How about that?
I think that's a great stat for the city of Boston.
I was surprised in all the years of the NHL that no team ever went 13 and 0
to start the season at home.
I don't know.
Back in the day, like, it's just I didn't think that was that many games.
I guess I'm dumb.
I'm young and dumb.
Although I'm not young anymore.
One, one, one.
It ain't bothering me.
I'm forget about it.
Forget about it.
Yeah.
Bruins are ruins with crushing teams. And Carolina, that's another it. Forget about it. Yeah. Bruins are crushing teams.
And Carolina, that's another comeback.
They were up 2-0.
And just the beauty of an OT winner.
So scary moment.
Is he all right now?
Allmark?
I don't know which defenseman fell on him,
but he ended up getting pulled out of the game.
Yeah, I haven't heard.
Okay.
Because they've had a really good tandem so far this year, right?
Both sharing the net, the two-goie system, the 1A, 1B.
How are you?
Yeah.
Cliff, Cliff, he fell on him.
It looked like he might have fucked his shoulder up, but he was slow getting off.
But I guess he was skating today and it doesn't look like it's going to be a long term serious issue.
So that's good news.
All right.
Thank you, Dr.
All right.
You got it, buddy.
You got it, buddy.
Wunder Kent Kael McCaw became the fastest defenseman to reach 200 points,
pulling off the feet in just 195 games. I was shocked when I saw this because I was like, what, Bobby Orr?
And I had no idea.
Bobby Orr's first three years in the league, he had 41 points in 61 games,
31 points in 46 games, 64 points in 67 games.
31 points in 46 games, 64 points in 67 games.
So then he went 120 points, 139 points, 117, 101, 122, 135.
So I do not think that he'll be the fastest to 500, but still an amazing stat.
I think he beat Sergei Zubov was the next guy in line.
Yep.
Yeah.
Beat Zubov by 12 games. Then Brian Leach to 11.
Hot Vin and Housley tied at 212 or in Mark Howe tied at 216.
Gary shooter to 19.
Paul Coffee to 21 and Ray Bork to 26.
So it makes sense, though.
Nate, the great the Nate dog.
He told us he's going to break all the defensive records out there.
And it's it's it's kind of looking like that's a legit possibility.
I think Ray Bork has close to 1,600 points, right?
So my takeaway from what Witt said was Bobby Orr started juicing in the summer of 69.
And that's why he made it.
Is that how we want to do this, Biz?
The summer of 69.
Oh, yeah. who sings that right out of 69 thank you not you i don't even know if you have the tune in your head what what this is like
oh there's a song called summer 69 i was just no no i knew that it was that but i
did my little bobby or shoving the needle in his arse rendition wait you were correct about bobby
or you said 1600 points he had 1579 ray book yeah ray ray bork i'm sorry yeah so that he was taking
testosterone he was biohacking back when biohacking wasn't even a thing well i mean in the summer of
69 doing reverse 69 oh yeah your testosterone does go down as you get older i mean and it does with
the amount of weed i smoke too so i'm just i'm double dipping on the fucking the low levels
the lack of testosterone at that vr old college guy anymore fuck i'm just
gonna chop my dick off now at this point oh you could still get hard in a quick in the summer
oh yeah this song is so bad it's like ruining the actual song because it's first real six stream
oh sick that really just ended it for me give it to me r.a
all right the sean connery voice though in the summer of 69 jesus christ bishop was the summer
of 69 everybody was 69 and everywhere there was porsche everywhere you looked it was a grand time
not bad second best ever not as good as last time i'm dogs calling right now i don't know if he's
working no no we can't take that's chicklets etc he's probably getting a little bit of prep
probably looking for dirt on me and you biz that little rat 100 because we're gonna have our first
ever kangaroo court on our second episode of chicklets etc which is the name now and that's
also going to be talked about check that out thursday afternoon i know we already pumped that once but some of you are probably not paying attention like
wit when i'm talking uh chino malcolm they celebrated his 1000th game he played a little
while back he scored the shootout winner in that same game and just see his attempt is to uh throw
the stick into the crowd did it get stopped by the net yeah i don't know was the net or he just
hit hit the the fucking uh glass the wrong way but
threw one up he got sunk on that but then he tossed up the second one got it over that but
either way gino absolute character pretty pretty cool thing get the shootout win i like when the
whole the whole team was doing the fucking five hole situation out in warm-ups did you see that
yeah i think we talked about that last week though oh did we oh yeah i didn't know think we talked about that last week, though, didn't we? Oh, did we? Yeah. I didn't know if we talked about. Summer of 69.
Oh, did you see?
Showing the fans my 69.
Five hole.
Look at my cone hole.
Oh, yeah.
Grunge singer.
You're a grunge singer, Paul.
You would have been good in that era.
Did you see the picture of Sid getting dirty with christina aguilera i didn't know she
was a yenza he was i had no idea she was but that fucking music video wanna get dirty i look back at
the what i'm gonna get some testosterone back I tell you though She looks phenomenal
In that picture
Sid's alphaner he's got the Movember horrible mustache
Going and you know he's doing
The old veteran like maybe
Arm behind her but not touching her
He's a class act
He would have came in his gitch if he would have
Dirty
Sid would have popped
Those assless chaps.
He's probably that guy who doesn't do it or do nothing
during the course of a full season, just let it build up.
And then after, doesn't he seem like that type of guy?
No.
Can't go near?
You'd slash somebody in the face if you tried doing that.
You get a compliment from a ref you're just like
here's one for i will say i was definitely more irritable ask bj crombie so i went to under 18
the summer one and then the world championship because our team got beat out of or we don't
even know if we made playoffs with saginaw but in both those tournaments i went the full length
without tugging one off.
Just to play with an edge?
Just to play with an edge
and build it up and have every bit of
energy I needed. We won both golds
all thanks to me holding it in my cum.
Yeah, exactly. I think besides
the 10-minute
major you got for cross-checking a fan
in the teeth. BJ Krohn being
halfway through was like buddy go jerk off
you're the most miserable guy to be around
I think fighters are known for kind of
you know keeping the anger
in by maybe also keeping the come
in it's a young dumb
full of come league towards said
rock women
weakened legs yeah exactly
exactly right there
Mickey he told him don't you even think
about it. And remember, Adrian was begging
him for that cock. Yeah.
I was just skating around the wheelbarrow
on the heavy, heavy, heavy
bag on your biz. Just so
heavy. Just the heaviest of sacks.
A swollen sack.
I was thinking like you and me could do
like a reverse 69. Guy bumps me
out in the corner. I'm like my whole splatter on my jeans.
On all chaps assless.
I don't know.
All right.
Fucking Google.
I have no idea.
I've always heard the term assless chaps.
Check the Wikipedia.
I would check the Internet, but I know you don't believe in that.
What do we got?
What other double wristers do we got to give off?
I don't.
Did you finish Aguilera yet?
Summer of 69 and Aguilera.
Dude, I mean, Brittany was way bigger than her,
but she was the better singer, man.
She had, I think, a better voice than Brittany.
We're not getting into the Brittany-Christina debate right now.
We're moving on to double wristers.
All right.
I saw her play with the Stones once.
Next up, Montreal's Kirby Duck got booed in Chicago.
I don't know why he didn't do nothing bad there.
He didn't ask out.
They just traded him to Montreal.
He was the last guy in the shootout, wins the game,
and then he gives the old Hulk Hogan to the crowd, which great stuff.
Love the drama.
We need more of the stuff in the game.
I don't know if they even play again this season.
What was your take on that win?
So I guess I'm mistaken.
They had booed him before the shootout throughout the game.
They're booing him all the way up while he was skating around
before he touched the puck before the shootout during the game.
Okay, okay.
I thought it was more like he kind of did the ear,
but it makes total sense that he'd been hearing the boo birds.
It's like that's just frustration that after an amazing, I don't know,
what,
10 to 12 year run that your team's horrific now and the future looks so disgustingly weak that you're going to blame a kid who in your mind didn't
live up to being the third overall selection.
And, and I don't know if he ever will really,
but in Montreal, he looks pretty fucking good.
So I think that for him,
if you're getting booed and you're on these horrible teams
in chicago and it's like all right well i'm i don't necessarily agree with being booed right now
i 1000 agree with the hulk hogan like do you hear me now i just ended the game and just gave you
guys another horrific loss in your trash season i think they lost seven two and just an ugly scene
in chicago i don't i don't understand why they're booing him.
Besides, they're just frustrated about everything in their lives right now
in terms of Blackhawks.
No, it's just another.
That makes sense.
Another dumb moment for a fan base,
kind of like when we were talking about the Islanders booing Goudreau.
And then after three shifts, Johnny came back to his assistant
and was like, I was never even talking to the Islanders.
It's just another one of these.
Like you guys got rid of them.
Cause you think he didn't live up to the expectations.
Keep in mind,
he had a great rookie year.
He was set to go to world juniors and then fuck his wrist.
Looked like an S he had a very traumatic injury.
So sometimes those things take time to come back from,
get your hands back.
And who knows if there was nerve damage, right?
So all of a sudden you got to like re-figure out how to use your top hand
or whatever it may be.
So good for him.
He's kicking ass in Montreal.
And for those dummies in the rink, I don't know.
Fucking figure it out.
Stop following the rumor, boys.
All right, before we move on, here's a word from our friends at Blue Nile.
Whether you're looking to pop the question, have a milestone to celebrate, or want to let your love sparkle,
Blue Nile can help you make your celebrations even more memorable.
As the original online jeweler, Blue Nile offers the largest selection of independently graded diamonds in pieces
priced significantly below traditional retailers.
Blue Nile has helped
millions of couples create their perfect engagement ring. Their easy online tools let you choose the
diamond shape, size, and clarity, as well as the setting style. Blue Nile's bench jewelers will
then help you handcraft her perfect one-of-a-kind engagement ring. Looking for a piece of fine
jewelry to commemorate a special occasion or milestone, but still having trouble choosing?
Blue Nile has jewelry experts on hand 24-7, available via phone or chat to help you find a memorable gift at every budget.
Shop stress-free with Blue Nile's 100 satisfaction guarantee.
All Blue Nile orders are insured and shipped for free in discreet packaging.
They also offer overnight shipping if you're in a rush.
I told you before, man, I got my wife a tennis bracelet.
I got her the diamond earrings.
Everything here is terrific.
You get it overnight.
Service is the best.
I can't recommend that enough.
So make your moment sparkle with Blue Nile.
Go to BlueNile.com and use the code CHICKLETS to save 50 on your purchase of 500 or more.
That's B-L-U-E-N-I-L-E.com.
Code CHICKLETS to save 50 on your purchase of 500 or more.
BlueNile.com.
Code CHICKLETS.
We've got to throw a little shout-out to Shane Wright.
First three AHL games
he got four goals already for Coachella Valley
I know we've talked about him a bit
good for him man, got his confidence back
I'm sure he's going to go to the juniors, get a little swagger back in his game
right Biz?
he's got to play
he's got to play
he's got to play
this is one I know you wanted to talk about
you think the battle of Alberta is losing a bit of its luster.
Edmonton, 11-10-0.
They're in the wild card one spot.
Calgary, 9-9-3, one point out of the playoffs right now.
They've played twice already this year.
Flames beat them 4-3.
Then the Oilers beat the Flames 3-2.
And they only have one more game left this year, December 27th in Calgary.
Like, is this just a dud?
I'll go back quickly to Shane, right? I didn't know if Witt was going toth in Calgary. Like, is this just a dud? I'll go back quickly to Shane Wright.
I didn't know if Witt was going to hop in on it, but
this is why they need to change the
rule. Shane Wright is good enough
to play in the American Hockey League, and that's where
he should be able to develop his skills this
year. If he's not ready for the NHL,
you shouldn't be putting teams in the situation
where they don't want to send them back to junior
because it might create these bad habits because he's
too fucking good to play in that league.
So I'll leave that.
It's about protecting junior hockey and franchises
and fans still going.
And that's going to be a tough one for the NHL ever to change
because you could see junior hockey get crushed.
What's to stop teams taking most of their prospects
right after they draft him and putting him in the AHL?
I think it would really ruin junior hockey.
It's not going to happen either. I don't think God,
but I'm happy for him to get his game and actually, I mean,
imagine how good this feels for him. He hasn't really played.
He hasn't got any touches. Now he's playing, he's producing.
He's probably going to go to world juniors where I would imagine he dominates.
And it's like, yeah, to be that young,
you should never be sitting in the press box that often
or playing and playing six minutes.
So it only proves that the guy's got plenty of game
and he just, he's trying to get in the lineup of a good team.
Nobody realized it before the season besides R.A.
Seattle is a fucking good hockey club.
So it's not like he's not playing for the Flyers.
It's just like their team's winning games and competing.
I understand why he's not in the lineup there. I also understand why he needs to be for the Flyers. It's just like their team's winning games and competing. I understand why he's not in the lineup
there. I also understand why he needs
to be playing the games.
I think that there should be special exemption.
That's where I'll meet you.
That's a possibility right there.
They do it in junior
hockey. They give the guy, like Shane Wright
played as a special exemption
as a double underager.
I think there's only probably been maybe 10 guys in the course of junior,
maybe, maybe 10 in the OHL. I think Jeff Doyle was one of them.
I think it was Spezza Tavares. There's a kid, Sean Day, who got it.
I don't know that name very well. McDavid.
Right.
So they should have that type of situation for guys being able to play in the American League at 18 years old after originally being drafted.
We could drop that, though.
And Ari, what was the next one you brought up quickly?
The Battle of Alberta.
Hey, listen, I'm not I'm going to I'm going to say it quickly.
I think that the Sutter experiment is starting to weigh on guys.
And I think that there's rumblings that it's just creating a lot of friction
and we'll see how it develops.
Maybe it's,
it's sometimes very difficult for guys who didn't know what he was like.
And it's a,
it's a bit of a shock to the system.
Huberto has not exactly had the best of starts,
but he's been injured.
He had a boot on and I think he had an upper body injury as well.
So back to
back um i didn't realize that he was getting i think he was getting treatment and i don't know
if like he felt embarrassed but the fact that daryl kind of dropped it like oh he was going to
take a shit thing i thought he actually went to maybe take a shit so developing uh we'll keep an
eye on this one flames doames do not look great.
You thought with them loading up and looking better than they were to start the year last year,
as far as personnel, they look like shit and they don't have their mojo going.
So as far as Edmonton's concerned, the bottom six contributing in that three-goal comeback
in the third period against the Rangers the other night,
that could be something that wakes their bottom six up but as far as both teams I would say drastically underperforming
based on expectations coming in I'll give a little bit of leniency towards Oilers given they lost
Kane but finally maybe we're seeing that bottom six wake the fuck up yeah they had the Ryan McLeod
at three points in the third period he looked. Holloway got his first NHL goal.
He's a high pick, could really kind of, as his game improves this year, make a difference.
It was a big win for the team.
It was an even bigger win for the third and fourth line in Edmonton and New York on Sunday.
But I would say overall, this does not have anywhere near the amount of.
No, and i understand that i mean but i i think the sutter thing is like
it's a lot easier to deal with a coach like that when you're winning most of the games and the
team's having fun and you're kind of just like fuck off we're winning games and now you're not
and then he's torturing guys even more he's even grumpier than he was when you were winning and
it's like this is getting old real fast yeah and when we say grumpy we mean going to the rink like grumpy it's going to be
miserable not you're not going to have one enjoyable moment and the thing about him and
as good of a coach as he is or you know his resume kind of speaks for itself it's like even when
you're winning they're fucking grumpy so it's really you're never really escaping it so the
shelf life then becomes small you hear the stories about the back half of the LA experiment where guys were
so fed up with them.
It was basically like a win to win as a fuck you to this guy kind of
situation.
Hey,
your job as a head coach is to find ways to motivate your players to win
hockey games.
And however you want to go about doing that,
go about doing that.
But when you fucking find certain ways, sometimes it can fucking all of a sudden you lose the ship like that.
Like.
Like that.
Just like that.
Let's have some Jersey talk, boys or sweaters, if you prefer.
The Bruins and Penguins officially unveiled the winter classic jerseys.
the Bruins and Penguins officially unveiled the winter classic jerseys.
The Pittsburgh, they,
I guess they were inspired by the Pittsburgh Pirates hockey team way back.
I think in the thirties or the twenties. And I don't know.
I thought it was kind of plain Jane.
It almost looks like the current Pirates Pirates logo.
What did you get to look at it? What did you think?
Did you say Pittsburgh Pirates hockey team?
Was that the name of a pro hockey team? Yes. Wow. I never knew that.
That's pretty cool. I love the Bruins. I love that crack bear that we already talked about. I thought the Bruins jersey was great.
The Penguins won it. I don't love it. But I in knowing that the games at Fenway Park and like
the Pirates logo, it's a little cooler to me. But I saw a couple of people dogging the Bruins ones.
I think that the Bruins one's great i i i
i think that looks awesome i at least saw the picture of bursar on in full uniform wearing
it looks pretty sweet it'll look they'll both look pretty good once that day comes january 2nd
or it'll look good because we just crushed our live show the night before not a big deal uh was
was there a jersey when the crackhead bear was bigger? Like it was the whole thing?
No, it was always on the shoulder.
Shoulder catch.
So I like the subtlety of the crackhead bear.
Yeah.
Well, you can't make that crackhead bear too big
or like people legit might start smoking crack.
Maybe they do a third jersey,
the reverse crackhead retro coming out in 2027.
I love the, like what. I love the whole uniform.
I know people wishy-washy on just the shirt,
but the whole kit that Bergey had on looked unbelievable.
Like I said before, I'm not much of a jersey guy,
but if I had that one, I would definitely wear it to the game.
I still don't know who sent me that Toronto jersey.
Hey, we've been giving out the double barrel wristers all pod.
Jason Robertson,
the Leafs,
Murray got one.
He's been getting the fucking Lisa and double wrist to his groin.
Uh,
I don't know.
Fuck.
I totally forgot where I was going to bring that.
Oh,
double wrister to the league.
Great jerseys.
I'm fucking amped up.
Great matchup for the outdoor game.
Another round of applause for the NHL.
There you go.
Can you guys help join with me?
Eh, okay.
And we're going to be there.
Before we go any farther, I want to talk to you
about Ridge Wallet. Ridge Wallet is
an ultra-slim, minimalist
wallet. Ooh, a little bit of a
tongue twister. But
this thing will keep your cards
up to 12 cards plus room for cash all organized
there's over 30 colors of this thing styles including carbon fiber and burnt titanium
it's made with an rfid blocking technology that protects you from digital pick pocketers that's
happening man welcome to the future you need protection there they also
have a new key case to help you organize your keys you don't want to be losing your keys it
secures anywhere from two to six keys it organizes your keys in a compact silhouette and a fold out
for easy access there are six colors and styles,
including carbon fire and also burnt titanium.
So check them out.
Ridge Wallet, they got you covered.
Minimalist.
In your pocket, a little bit of cash,
and you're good to go.
Now back to the podcast.
What else we got, R.A.?
Oh, Colorado.
They dropped their latest reverse retro.
It seems like you have two or three of them. And yeah, they kind of went off the uh state flag motif i guess had a little
little bit of color there you like them yeah biz unbelievable elaborate no i just i like the color
way i i like a lot of the white and you know it's something different i i haven't really seen a
jersey like that now did they not used to also have colorado jerseys that were like that
in that those colorways yeah back in the day yeah they're using some of the colorado rocky colors
that they incorporated into that well there you go yeah i love those because i didn't like san
jose's get the seals i don't know something about the color teal i wasn't down with i like the seals
ones well i like the first shocks ones i know they might have been their regular uniform.
They went kind of back to the old logo with the teal.
But I like the Seals look, man.
It's pretty sharp.
And what's interesting, too, is the San Jose Sharks actually have California Seals DNA in their history.
It's kind of a unique story.
The Seals had like four different names.
They were like the Oakland Seals, California Golden Seals, California Seals.
And when they left California, they went to Cleveland.
They were the Cleveland Barons.
They were only there for a couple of years.
And then they folded.
Well, they basically got absorbed by the Minnesota North Stars.
So they didn't move to another city.
The North Stars basically absorbed them.
Like they kind of merged, I guess.
But they only stayed as the Minnesota North Stars.
So the owner of the North Stars then, the guns, you know, G-U-N-D,
they wanted a team out West.
Howard Baldwin wanted a team out West.
So they came up with a deal that the guns could take the new expansion team,
San Jose Sharks, and they were going to be able to draw
from the Minnesota North Stars pool of players.
It's a very convoluted expansion draft.
So basically the San Jose Sharks started with players from the Minnesota North Stars pool of players. It's a very convoluted expansion draft. So basically, the San Jose Sharks started with players
from the Minnesota North Stars who were some of the players
on the Rockies, I'm sorry, the Barons, who were the Seals.
It's just kind of weird that they use that jersey
because their DNA is sort of in there.
What's up, Wade?
You are the Bruins' crackhead bear.
Yeah, that's a pretty good summary after that breakdown.
What?
I don't know.
Imagine you just made that whole thing up.
No, I studied it the other night because I was confused at the time frame.
Yeah.
It is weird.
I tell you.
That's the stuff that we want to hear, baby.
Expansion drafts are to hear expansion expansion drafts are
usually just typical expansion drafts you don't usually draw mostly from another team it was like
crazy convoluted deal anyways vegas glow in the dark reverse retros these things seem to be all
the rage the other night biz what were you thinking of them it's vegas fits in perfect with the city
um don't necessarily love them it's kind of right, well, it glows in the dark.
Sweet for the intros, I guess.
But didn't surprise me.
I like to tell this.
Well, what do you call it?
The buttons and shit on the goalie mask.
You could see them.
They were all glow in the dark, too, when it was walking out.
Couldn't really tell what it was.
Like all the buttons.
I guess they had all kinds of glow-in-the-dark shit.
The buttons on the goalie's mask,
you could see... You guys ever
wear glow-in-the-dark rubber?
No, I heard about them. I would wear that jersey
to walk Yoshi, though. That's not a bad idea.
I just thought of. You wear glow-in-the-dark
rubber, Biz?
I'm pretty sure I have at some point, yeah.
John Ritter did
in a movie back in the day. RIP John Ritter did in a movie back in the day.
All right, Pete.
John Ritter.
Mine just glows in the dark.
It's radioactive at this point.
All the stuff on it.
Yeah.
I thought Vegas was going to get a penalty.
Two minutes.
Looks like kryptonite.
Yeah.
That was pretty cool.
All right.
That's it for the Jersey stuff.
Let's see.
Moving right along here.
We hate the ugly stories here we got to cover
them but just stupid shit that we shouldn't have to deal with in what year is it 2022 uh there was
an ohio state player who said some racial slurs to a member of the michigan state hockey team
uh the ohio state player was given a game misconduct because one of the referees heard
one of these racial slurs or a couple of them tossed them from the game uh nothing happened
after that like there was no additional punishment yeah in this day and age if you're calling uh
opponents racial slurs then you should be getting some suspension not just getting tossed from the
game uh well this player jagger joshua great name by the way uh, Jagger Joshua, he waited a few days, about 10 days later.
He sent out a tweet and said, what happened?
He goes, I was called these racial slurs.
The referee heard him.
He threw this guy out of the game.
And nothing's happened since because, you know, this should be more disciplined.
And I think the Big Ten and Ohio State were just trying to, like, wash it under the rug.
They weren't addressing it.
And then finally, like, Tuesdayuesday night 10 30 last week uh the
ohio state athletic director puts out a statement you know apologizing on behalf of of ohio state
and that the kid has been sent home uh and he's not with the team but it's like well is he suspended
is he with the school anymore it was very let me hop in here i i completely agree from a public
opinion perspective as to like, well,
first of all, the fact that the, the, the, the coach was told,
like the referee went up to the coach of OSU and told them what had
happened.
So the fact that they didn't act internally, absolute bullshit,
as far as the AD probably not hearing about it until it ended up going
public from him mentioning it on social
media the fact that he had to take that approach to like get this guy in trouble is is nuts that
should have never happened but what happens from a legality standpoint is there was nothing to pick
up the fact that he said it so these schools have to handle it in a certain way so this kid can't
just go sue them uh the school for for for millions and millions of dollars because there's no proof on the fact that he said it.
But in the same breath, you handle it the way you do.
You kind of slow roll it out.
And ultimately, the kid is given the punishment in which he should have been given.
He's no longer with the team.
I'm assuming that means he's not going to be with the team even next year.
It's kind of like a, hey, see you later.
But they can't come out and say that we've suspended him
and kicked him off the team because he said this
because they don't have the proof of it.
But ultimately the consequence, and thankfully though,
that the kid did say something,
bullshit that the coach and the hockey team did not act and take matters into their own hands.
I don't want that to get lost in the shuffle.
I get why it kind of you get all these like apology or these letters sometimes where you're like, ah, there's really not enough apology here.
And it doesn't even dive half into what the fuck is going on.
not enough apology here and it doesn't even dive half into what the fuck is going on it's just them saying like yeah screw this kid for saying that but like you know like we have no association but
we have to handle it this way because that's the way it has to be handled unfortunately do you get
what i'm saying all right like do you i do because in the statement from um big 10 it says due to the absence of
indisputable evidence presented to the conference the conference has not imposed further disciplinary
action okay now the ref the ref heard what he heard he enough to give this kid a game misconduct
to throw him out of the game so if the ref heard that then that that's not disputable he actually
heard it so what changed all of a sudden did the ref back go back then that that's not disputable. He actually heard it. So what changed all of a sudden?
Did the ref back go backtracking a statement?
I mean, this should be not disputed.
If he heard it, it's from out of the game.
The ref should say, yeah, this is what he said.
I don't,
I don't understand how it suddenly became indisputable unless the ref
backpedaled on something.
Cause I think at a certain point though,
if it ends up going farther and from a legality standpoint, yeah, they're going to probably call the official to stand. And I'm just saying is like, I get what you're saying. It's fucking ridiculous that it can't just be that easy. It is. It is ridiculous. But it's just that's when you're dealing with lawyers and big financial institutions like that's how it works.
and big financial institutions. Like that's how it works.
It's dumb.
It publicly,
it looks like shit.
It's horrible that they didn't fucking handle it as soon as it,
it had happened.
I don't know why it wasn't handled as soon as it happened,
but from a school standpoint,
it's like,
it comes off as this bullshit,
non really apology where you're feeling like the school should step up and
take more of a stand where it's like, they're like,
they're between a rock and a hard place. They're like, well,
we don't have audio of this kid saying it. It's this, it's,
it's this kid against him. And then the referee who heard it,
who could back up the kid's story. So, I mean, I don't really, you know,
I don't do, I mean, am I making sense here with.
Yeah. I understand what you're saying. I do.
It's his word versus his word.
And if the ref doesn't want to get involved, it's like, yeah,
it's a complete gong show at this point.
But holy fuck, Ohio State, have a couple weeks for yourself.
Get rolled at home by Michigan football.
They got this nonsense going on.
Today, the president announced her resignation, I believe. It's just an absolute shit show of a storm at Ohio State right now.
And it really couldn't happen to a bigger bunch of scumbags.
I hate Ohio State.
Just an Urban Myers there, all those.
It's just a team I have no time for, a school I have no time for.
And if that kid actually did say that which it sounds like he did
he shouldn't be allowed to be playing hockey at least this year i'll tell you that it's like go
home and maybe get some help if the coach was aware of this there should probably be punishment
for the coach too if he was told that that happened and there was no action taken uh no
unless the kid is sitting there like i didn't say it i didn't say it he misheard me i didn't say it
and that's when you're talking about it's like, holy fuck, what do we do now?
What do you do?
You throw your own guy out of the bus when he's telling you he didn't.
But ultimately, I think that the kid agreed to take off and go home.
And I mean, I think it's hopefully it's resolved.
And the kid kid goes and figures this shit out.
And good for Jagger for sticking up for himself and saying something when nobody else is doing them. You know, the
Big Ten let him down. Ohio State let him down. I mean,
you know, like parents
stop having fucking asshole
kids play sports that are doing this stuff.
We say this all the time, Paul. It's 2022.
It seems like we're going
backwards, man. It's like, just fucking stop
having saying asshole
shit to people like that type of stuff. Call
people, you know, anything else.
The hockey players have a large bag with millions of words to shit on guys.
It's like, I don't understand why people still go that way.
And for him to even after being called that, to have the decency to to to allow them to even handle the issue internally before speaking publicly about it.
Like, holy fuck, that's not how it should be.
All right.
When you say parents stop letting shithole kids play sports,
the kids saying this stuff are usually coming from shithead parents.
So it's not exactly like they're just becoming this way.
Right.
Yeah.
Well, that's why kids don't grow up like the neighbors,
as they sometimes say.
Yeah.
I was trying to allude to it being the parents fault.
But yeah, it's, you know,
just fucking don't raise
asshole kids, man.
I just, you know, I fucking hate that
young kids are just trying
to play hockey and sports
and they got to deal with
like that shit.
You know what I mean?
It's not the way
fucking things should be.
So we can move it along here.
All right.
Last story this week.
It's a sad one.
Toronto Maple Leafs legend,
the first European
Hockey Hall of Famer
and pioneering defenseman
Boya Salming of Sweden died at
71 four months
after being diagnosed with ALS
also known as Lou Gehrig's disease
and just a couple weeks after his incredibly
emotional goodbye to Toronto a couple
weeks ago just a tremendous
scene with him and Daryl Sittler his former
teammate not a dry eye in
the house.
The Chicklets family wants to send our deepest condolences to Boya's family,
friends, and, of course, the Maple Leafs family.
The Leafs have added a right shoulder patch to honor him this year.
It's a yellow crown on top of the blue Maple Leaf with Boya written across it.
It's pretty cool looking.
It's a real nice tribute.
Whit, I don't know if you want to chime in, add a little bit.
I know we talked about him a few weeks ago, but it's a tremendous loss for the hockey community.
Tremendous.
And I talked about what he meant to all these Swedish players
and the impact he made and what he had to fight through
when he came to the NHL.
And just talk about tough mentally, physically, went through it all.
Unbelievable hockey player, truly world-class.
And it's so special for me.
And I imagine people who are close to him and Maple Leafs fans
and Maple Leafs alumni, the fact that he got to be there on that weekend.
And it's so incredible.
And you talk about his toughness to think about how quickly he passed away after that.
And then you realize how much he
was probably struggling and that flight he took to cross the pond from sweden to toronto and then
back and then so soon and and you can imagine that like he got home and it's like all right
like i can kind of let go and it's it's it's heartbreaking it's the worst disease it's just
horrible and i feel so sorry for his family and families who have ever had to lose a loved one to this awful, awful disease. But what a what an
amazing man he seemed to be. And just the fact that he got to experience probably his last last
great joy in life right before he passed shows like how special hockey is and how special he was
to people. And it's kind of hard
for me to to figure out what to say here but other than that i i think of his family and his friends
and you just know that guy went down fighting well said yeah it's just uh you said it the worst
fucking disease man awful and uh prior to his passing uh when I wasn't sure if you knew, his fellow Swedish legends were pushing the country's ice hockey federation
to retire his number 21 from the national team in his honor.
So nobody will wear 21.
Hopefully that goes through.
And he actually got another ceremony not long before he passed.
Sweden had their 100th anniversary of their hockey federation,
and they had their anniversary team.
Of course, Boyer was one of the defensemen.
Nicky Lidstrom on the other side.
Hank Lundquist was the goalie.
And then forwards, they had Matt Sundin, Peter Forsberg, and Hockenlube.
So he got the tribute here with Toronto,
and then he got the hell of a send-off from his countrymen.
And I think it was like a five-minute ovation they gave him.
He was moved to tears there.
So, again, terribly sad loss,
but it was nice that people got to have that goodbye with him.
And he had that goodbye,
a couple of very emotional moments.
So again,
our deepest condolences to,
to Boya,
his family and friends and everybody.
And hopefully everybody's doing fine and we'll catch you next week.
And everybody have a fantastic week out there.
I got,
I got,
I'm sorry.
I got to end on one more note,
guys. I told a buddy, he's a former week out there. I got, I got, I'm sorry, I got to end on one more note, guys.
I told a buddy,
he's a former Navy SEAL, the best
of the best that I'd shout out. There's a
in the Boston area, there's a pretty special
hockey game going
on. It's Saturday, December 3rd.
It's at 2 o'clock at the Warrior Ice Arena.
It's benefiting four different charities,
three military, and the fourth
is the Boston Bruins Foundation.
It's the Warrior for Life Fund All-Stars, which are all active duty and former Navy SEALs.
Like I mentioned, some of the most special people in the world.
They'll be playing against the Bruins alumni.
Chris Bork will be there.
Ray Bork will be there.
Zidane O'Chara, Adam McQuaid, Kevin Miller, a bunch of former Bruins who will be there.
And if you want some more info on the event, please check out our Boston Bruins alumni dot com.
And also check out on Instagram NHL Bruins alumni.
Our good friend Jake Tebow, who was unfortunately paralyzed about a year ago.
He'll also be in attendance.
And it's just a special thing for a lot of people in Boston who could see some badass seals play some former legends.
So check that out.
And like always, we appreciate you guys listening. We thank you so much. If anyone bought merch out
there, it's the coolest thing in the world is to see fans wearing some of our stuff. It's an
amazing feeling. We can't tell you how much we appreciate you all. And I hope you guys know that
without you, we're absolutely nothing. So have a great week. Have a great day and peace.
Love you.
And we'll see you in Philly, Detroit, Columbus, and New Jersey.
We're going to the Presidential Center.
Wah-gwan-man.
And new chicklets, et cetera, Thursday night as well.
Forget about it.
How you doing?
Have a good week, everybody.
As always, we'd like to thank our awesome sponsors here on Spit and Chicklet.
So huge thanks to our friends over at
Pink Whitney and New Amsterdam Vodka.
Big thanks to our friends over at Game
Time. A hearty thank you to our friends over at Shopify. Big thanks to our friends over at Game Time. A hearty thank you
to our friends over at Shopify. Big thanks to our friends over at Blue Nile. Another big thank you
to our good friends over at Cross Country Mortgage. Huge thank you to our friends at Chevy.
And a big old thank you to our friends at Ridge Wallet. Have a great week, everyone.
