Hey, Spittin' Chicklets listeners, you can find every episode on Apple Podcasts,
Spotify, or YouTube. Prime members can listen ad-free on Amazon Music.
Hello, everybody.
Welcome to episode 418 of Spittin' Chicklets, presented by Pink Whitney. From our friends at New Amsterdam Vodka here in the Barstool Sports Podcast family.
The boys are back in town here at HQ wrapping up another big road trip.
Well, you guys had a big road trip, so let's see how everybody's feeling.
You guys went from, what, Philadelphia, Detroit, Columbus, back to New York.
Mikey G, how are we feeling, man?
That's a long one.
I am feeling tired, but I'm also feeling very thankful that so many NHL teams and bars around these NHL arenas would open their arms up to Biz and myself for this little big deal brewing tour.
On top of that, the fans, man.
It's so fun getting out on the road and seeing our degenerate fans.
And I say the word degenerate with all the love in the world
because we are degenerates as well.
So to feel that reciprocation in love, especially when we're on the road,
it's what keeps us going.
I'm really not that tired.
I'm running off straight adrenaline right now, R.A.
You know why?
Because we are in NYC, but tomorrow we're going to Newark, New Jersey,
and we've got the New Jersey Devils game against the Chicago Blackhawks.
Pretty much put it on a tee for hopefully what is going to be our first win
on the road trip.
You guys stink.
You guys are what, 0-3?
0-3.
Every game's gone under.
Just a pack of losers falling around these stadiums.
You can't get a home team a win.
At least you were in Detroit, and then they got a win in Columbus.
But still, I couldn't believe it. Can't get a home team a win. At least you were in Detroit, and then they got a win in Columbus.
But still, I couldn't believe it.
I'm following along from Jamaica, Mom.
Respect, Mom.
And I saw you guys.
Jesus, bring some luck.
So now I'm here.
If Morales was here, it would probably be a draw tomorrow night.
But we know the Devils.
They'll probably smack the Blackhawks. Well, we're missing you, Witt, because you were in Jamaica.
I'm here now, baby.
I'm here.
Get a little RR for the back half of the season.
Not only did the Flyers take the L that night, but me and you took Ls, too.
We took cakes off the face from fucking Gritty.
Your sciatica looked okay, though, on that flop you took.
No, that's how you cure it.
You're a soccer player.
That's how you cure it.
Ice cream cake.
I have a fight with a crazy fucking mascot.
That's how you cure your sciatica.
Well, I was plotting to get R.A. behind the scenes,
and I said, hey, I think we're going to get him up by the seats.
We ended up getting called out.
We had the Cooperalls on and a jacket,
and I could tell something was up,
and the next thing you know, I got one right square in the jaw.
Did you see how hard he hit me in the face with that cake?
He buried you.
I thought you knew it might have been coming
because you had the jacket on.
You were trying to cover up your clothes.
You didn't know.
That was supposed to get R.A.
Well, we were in the back plotting.
Me and we were doing a little content video with Gritty.
And then he went behind my back like all the rest of those dirtbag mascots.
Other than Howler and...
Stinger.
Stinger's our guy.
Stinger's now our...
Wasn't there a story about Howler in the past few years?
He's a complete goon.
No, no, no.
Am I remembering correctly
he explained to me that me putting on his costume was against his ass to try it on his cost it was
like putting on like a priest robe like the guy took major offense to it yeah putting on the pope's
costume basically so he said no no goal we we had a little bit of a battle and then we hashed it out
so howler's in the good books. So is Stinger.
And maybe a couple other ones around.
Definitely on the hit list are Bowie.
Gritty's at the top of the list now.
He silly stringed me last time we were there.
Now he caked me in the face after I thought maybe we'd be boys.
And then, of course, NJ Devil, who I'll probably have a run in with today as his pod's dropping Tuesday.
Yeah, it was not quite like being in whatever locker room we were in
with a voiceless furry, like, playing in the cell,
because he couldn't talk.
He's in the thing, and we were doing all hand signals with Gritty
to figure out what we were doing.
And we were supposed to, like, double-team you,
and he actually sandbagged me when we got out there,
hit me in the fucking face with a cake, tried to get me again,
then Grinnelli got involved, tried to mush cake in my face,
so I had to ruin his people.
The only guy providing excitement for the philadelphia flyers
right now i guess you could say torts towards but yeah yeah just uh just a complete scumbag
going behind both of our backs so that just summarizes what gritty's about had a hell of
a sign from maroon though we'll get into that oh yeah maroon joining us jack edwards favorite player
yeah a little bit later yeah we got uh pat maroon and shane don't join us a little bit later but
first off to the the Dale Bruin event.
The first night we were out in Philadelphia.
Great turnout.
All the fans who showed up.
Awesome time.
And then we did a little bottle sign.
Gee, what's the name of the patch?
Fine Wine and Good Spirits.
Fine Wine and Good Spirits.
A great two nights in Philadelphia with you guys.
And then you guys continued on.
So how was Detroit?
How was Columbus?
Well, just going back to reiterate what Grinnell said.
Big thank you to the Philadelphia Flyers organization.
It does suck that it's not as lively in that building right now
because the team's not doing so well.
I would say they probably had about 13,000, 14,000 there.
That was like the quietest I've ever heard in NHL arena, which was shocking
because we went to Columbus a few days later who was just as bad,
and it was like double the length, double the capacity.
Yeah, the Flyers fans, a scumbag group of people overall,
but people I really respect.
They're scumbags, but they're passionate.
And I think that it's been a long time now
where they're just sick and tired of being sick and tired.
And I caught a game on TV recently.
I don't forget.
I remember who it was against.
It was, you could hear a pin drop.
And it's tough.
And, you know, that's why I think bringing you guys
in, at least a little excitement, Gritty gets to do
something worthwhile. But they did
roll out the red carpet for us.
They were a tremendous host.
We got to do the event at one of the bars on the
concourse. A bunch of Chicklets fans
there. And we're going to continue to
try to do that type of thing, especially
at the venue. It does make sense.
But as we moved on, R.A., we ended up going to this bar
that was just outside of the rink, the beautiful Little Caesars Arena.
And we're going to get into the way that constructed it.
I heard the place is sick. Unbelievable.
It might be the best bar in the league in the way they went about how they designed it.
But we went to this bar called the Tin Roof, and the Labatt crew was there.
And this was such a fun atmosphere.
Live music going on before the game.
Everybody's morale was extremely high.
They had about 10 cases for us to give away to the fans.
So just all in all, for us to be able to get on the road
and get people to try the new Big Deal Brewing beer
along with ripping Pink Whitney shots and get all buckled
before we go over to the games, this is a formula that we love
and we're going to continue.
So going over to the rink, though, we were talking to some people behind the scenes.
They said before they built it, the ownership group, they asked everybody.
They asked the home team.
They asked away teams.
They asked people who come in for concerts.
They asked fans.
And they accounted for every square inch of that arena as to where you would sit and what
you should be seeing and what the atmosphere should be and the way that you hear the sound system.
So overall, we were on the press level to begin.
And then we went into the Illich box, which is the owner's box.
And I've never seen a box like this.
There was one room, just a room in this box that had two couches and a fireplace.
Nothing else in the room.
Oh, and what goes on there?
They had a legit, like, separate bedroom.
Dude, there was like three or four different rooms in this place.
It wasn't a bedroom, was it?
No.
I mean, you could use it however you want.
Yeah, you could sleep on the couches kind of like R.A. does.
R.A. would consider that a bedroom.
Any room's a bedroom if you sleep in it.
Yeah, yeah, exactly.
Very true, R.A., very true. But nice kid. What's his bedroom. You sleep in it. Yeah, yeah, exactly. Very true, R.A. Very true.
But nice kid.
What's his first name?
Ronnie.
Ronnie Illich.
He's our guy.
Oh, yeah.
We hung with him at the Chicklets Cup in Detroit.
Chicklets Cup.
Yeah, I remember running into him.
Yeah, yeah.
He came over and got us after we went to the Alumni Lounge, which is another cool experience.
No hats allowed, by the way.
Big Al was at the front door saying, hey, buddy.
Wow.
No lids.
Gassed a two.
Show a little respect to Stevie Y and the boys.
Stevie Bongrips would not be happy with that hat on right now.
So then, yeah, that's when we went over and we watched the rest of the game.
And we got to meet his grandmother, who is now basically the full owner of the team.
So that's Mike Elitch's wife?
Yep.
The late Mike Elitch's wife?
Yes.
Okay.
And they own the Tigers still as well.
And Little Caesars Pizza.
So they're sitting pretty. They're doing right yeah and and talk about a team so i was there
when i was doing radio the first year it was built when i was working with the coyotes and
obviously the team at that time was starting their rebuild they were right at the bottom
and you know the building was a little bit dead it was fucking rocking there wild in there the
golden knights were in town i thought I thought that Detroit played fairly well,
probably getting way too much block.
But right now, man, Vegas is rolling in their wagon.
Unfortunately, they did not get the win,
but not for lack of effort from the crowd.
Great, great energy in that building.
There's so much buzz about the team, though.
Even just talking to the fans outside,
like they are so excited for the Yizer plan.
Stevie, why?
Them being in a playoff spot right now
it's pretty impressive i think people thought they'd be competitive but this is good right now
absolutely stevie y has completely injected new life into this team and and it's awesome to see
an original six and by the way their fucking jerseys seeing them on the best i i know jerseys
i know every year i believe the chicago blackhawks get the best rated jersey in all of pro sports.
I would put the Red Wings over the Blackhawks.
The wing wheel is so money.
It's so classy.
So money.
I'm looking at your jersey now.
Columbus Blue Jackets.
Your first time there.
I know that rally.
What was Columbus like?
People rave about it.
I unfortunately missed it, but good time or what?
Tin Roof was awesome, as I mentioned.
I kept it on the rails.
But when I got to this R Bar in Columbus, these people were so rowdy.
They were so excited to go watch a hockey game.
And I didn't realize how hardcore our fan base was there.
So I got a little bit tipsy after handing out probably 20 cases of beer.
These beer mitts, this is what all these kids and fans are doing now.
So they've been stacking them.
So we're going to keep looking for these for all you people crushing big deal brews.
And maybe when people surpass one another
for the biggest stacks,
we'll send you a big deal brewing merch package
courtesy of Grinnelly online.
He'll be able to track you down.
But everybody at our bar,
everybody at Tin Roof,
everybody at every spot we went to
really took care of us.
But as far as teams rolling out the red carpet,
they had us involved in even more social content
that we signed up for.
I've never seen a team open their arms
like the Columbus Blue Jack have.
That's why I said top five city in the NHL.
Uh-oh, okay, we're going to get to that right now.
So I woke up to see a tweet from Grinnelli.
I went to bed at 7.30 last night and woke up at 7 a.m.
I don't know the last time I got 11 12 hours.
It was amazing.
I woke up at 4 to hose right back in bed.
I was like, oh, am I awake?
Nope, right back to sleep.
I needed it after a long vacation in Jamaica.
So I wake up, and I'm just going through Twitter, strolling,
and I see Grinnelli tweets.
Now, I actually really like the city of Columbus,
and I'll say it's an underrated city.
It has amazing golf courses.
The people are friendly.
It is a very nice, clean downtown.
But I see Grinnelly tweet, top five city in
the NHL. I
don't know what you smoke. He got in his feels.
Our bar got him in his feels. Okay, you must have
been crippled. Can you now say you were crippled?
Absolutely crippled. So
Pasha came down to the hotel room this morning
and he's like, hey, so what
got you with that tweet? And I'm like, what tweet? And he's
like, well, look at Twitter. He's like, he commented on your tweet. I'm like, what tweet? And he's like, well, look at Twitter.
He's like, he commented on your tweet.
I'm like, what did I tweet? Oh, you don't even remember sending it?
I'm like, I was like, I thought I took the night off from Twitter.
I think Stinger might have sent it for your account.
I had like six tweets in a row, though, at one point where it's like, I love Columbus.
This is the best place on earth.
You bought real estate there during the game on Zillow.
Basically, yeah.
But you see the video of me at the end of the game.
So I went back and watched that.
You were obviously smothered.
And now, like I said, great arena, too, and that arena gets loud in the one year they
beat Tampa.
But, I mean, when the league has cities like Chicago, Dallas, New York, I'm drawing blanks
right now.
I'm drawing blanks.
We have Vancouver,, Toronto Scottsdale
The list goes on and on before you reach Columbus
So top 5 maybe a little bit of a reach
I would say top 5 undercover cities
That's fair
I didn't even say Nashville
So yeah top 5
Underrated cities
So people in Columbus
No I appreciate you I respect you
I just had to call my buddy for calling you a top five city.
No offense taken whatsoever, I hope, by me towards you, but you're underrated.
You do 15 Pink Whitney shots, any city you're in is a top five city.
Oh, you could be in Qatar and you'd be having a time.
Yeah, you'd be in a fucking body bag if you did 15 shots of Pink Whitney in Qatar.
But a great experience.
You drink pink?
He's gone.
But Biz, we got to go back to the Blue Jackets.
Like they were, a team has never opened their arms like they did for us.
They offer us basically anything we want.
Do you shoot the cannon off?
We actually touched the cannon and the guy had to scrub it off.
You're not allowed to touch the cannon.
That's one of the rules.
Oh, really?
They didn't like us touching the cannon.
Yeah, we upset them early on. so that was like the mascot being mad
so like it's the cannon guy who's mad not the team so i think grinnelly was sucking up when
he sent that tweet at hopes that we didn't end up in the clink for touching the cannon that's
like the number one rule when you walk in the building and this fucked the thing biz went i
told you no i was not no i wasn't what the dolphins try to do occasionally no i wasn't
and they even gave us these lovely jerseys so i'll be rocking at the whole pod uh and and No, I wasn't. You did what the Dolphins try to do occasionally. No, I wasn't.
And they even gave us these lovely jerseys,
so I'll be rocking at the whole pod.
And in very strong consideration, R.A., to make my fourth team.
I got the Coyotes.
I got the Leafs. I got the Flames.
And we're going to see.
Maybe Columbus.
Get in early.
Get in while you're young.
Like me betting futures at the beginning of the season.
Yeah, exactly.
R.A.'s got every team to win the World Cup.
Team does have a ways to go.
They have some big pieces.
Wierenski clearly is a big, big miss on the back end right now due to his injury.
I think he's what?
Out with a shoulder?
Yeah, I think he's out for the season.
Thorne Labrum, I think.
Yeah, Thorne Labrum out for the season.
But Johnny Hammond, geez, was buzzing.
The amount of chances that guy creates.
He's a fucking hell of a player to watch.
And someone even said that season tickets went up an insane
the minute they signed him, the influx of season tickets, they got signed up.
I thought they told us like 300 it went up, like something outrageous.
I heard 60, but hey, Grinnelli's still on that same buzz,
and the over-exaggeration continues.
Yeah, I'm bummed out.
I missed a place called Abba right up my fucking alley, I guess.
But we did meet Cotter Hot when we were in Philadelphia, too.
We met up with Hazy for a few pops.
He brought Cotter Hot in, so it was pretty funny to finally meet the guy
who I've been kind of linked to just by my accent.
What's he like, R.A.?
Do you guys have a good combo?
Yeah, after you guys left, we had another beer or so,
just shot the shit with my buddy Richie in the fight department.
Then great kid, great kid, just had a lot of laughs, shooting the shit with my buddy Richie on the fire department. Great kid.
Great kid.
Just had a lot of laughs, you know, shooting the breeze with him.
And sent him a DM after, and he's like, hey, nice shot.
And just a pleasant guy.
Great, great, great time.
Again, catching up with Hazy is always a good time.
Oh, my God.
Is he a funny bastard?
And we're not done yet.
Well, tonight, Tuesday night, Mike, American Whiskey, 51 Edison Place in Newark, correct?
Yes, that is correct.
We're going to be rocking with the Brat Pack, getting ready for the Devils game.
So come by if you're in the area.
Absolutely.
We're going to get it done one more time.
And we had a new Chicklets, et cetera.
We're not calling it that anymore.
The Game Notes podcast.
What was on this week?
Kangaroo Court?
Chicklets, Game Notes.
We had a Kangaroo Court.
I'll hand it over to you.
We dumbing these guys in Kangaroo Court.
And I think we've talked about what kangaroo court is on this podcast before it was just in the locker room where you know it's a silly thing
where you maybe a guy a guy on the team gets caught making out with a bar or making out with
a girl at a bar a little pda action maybe he gets fined 50 bucks i've heard some crazy ones uh in
junior where a guy ends up sleeping with one of the guy's girlfriends on the team which is an
absolute no-no you You should be on the
trade blocks if that happens. Yeah, you can't
be doing that. Yeah, and then you get called in in front of the
leadership group. You know, back when
I was playing, you would have to gear down
and they would wheel you out.
In the laundry bin? In the laundry cart.
Whatever that may have been at the time.
And then usually you have the import
representing you as a lawyer who can barely
speak English.
So if you were getting called to Kangaroo Court and you were in your first or second year.
It was an auto loss.
Auto loss.
Count it up.
You're handing over your next two paychecks minimum to the fine fund
and the boys are going to have a little fun with your money.
Now, if you're pounding one of the guys on the team's girls,
like I said, off the trade blocks,
you shouldn't get another paycheck the rest of the year.
I mean, I don't think you've ever been a part of that have you uh no no luckily i can i could say i've never been involved in something like that but in terms of the game notes pod uh
we we smashed army bugsy didn't show up uh he was too busy wrestling doing his jujitsu moves and
figuring out the next way to choke somebody out on a golf course. So he didn't show up. So Army was left alone.
It was like the early scenes in My Cousin Vinny trying to become a lawyer.
Army had no idea what was going on.
He brought up me hitting the ball by accident,
which I then proved was an automatic not penalty
because you're actually allowed, if you don't mean to hit the ball,
to replace it with no penalty.
So that was kind of his-
That was the checkpoint.
That was like, all right, well, this guy's struggling.
And people were like, oh, you set up this argument.
We didn't set up anything.
We set up Kangaroo Court, and then we went there with our cases.
We owned him.
We were able to describe to the fans that listened to Game Notes about how they knew
the rules.
So, I mean, people will always complain.
They're kind of starting to go against you and I, which I love.
Bring on the hate, because we're going to keep coming like a freight train.
Next one, who knows how that's going to go, though.
And so I do have to shout out Merle's on Game Notes.
He gave his  he told me to say he gave his  he gave his  what is it here?
The Game of the Month, and that hit again.
He's now 4-0 on his Game of the Month year to date.
So just check out this guy. He had a winner today in the um the what was the first soccer
game croatia versus somebody japan and then he gave a double winner there he gave a double winner
in brazil versus whoever they played they played korea they played korea so check out merles you
know this guy can gamble he's on fire and um what else do we do? I would say the funniest part for me about it all was the beer bandit from the men's league.
So they always bring up a point in these beer league hockey.
It's called Beer League Heroes segment,
and all their fans submit awesome stories from the beer league,
and you can take it from there.
Yeah, so episode one, it was the shower sheriff,
where he had to make sure you had a beer and you head over to the shower.
You can't be the stinky guy leaving without hanging out
with the guys and not scrubbing your balls off
and then this one
was you know everybody
everybody throughout the course of a
season is responsible for bringing at least
a case of beer depending on how many guys in the team
maybe two and everyone after the game has
a couple beers well this guy
throughout the course of the year was taking two
or three beers from the beer pack,
keeping them in his hockey bag,
and essentially gathering these beers over time.
So when it was his turn to bring a case in,
his case was brought in
because he kept collecting everybody else's beer.
Imagine being that guy.
I mean, I didn't hate it.
It's a biz move.
Come on.
I didn't hate it.
I can bust biz balls, and there's no chance you would ever do that.
No, I would not do that.
But I also did defend it, and if the beers were going to go to waste,
I like how the guy recycled.
Now, of course, we went on to discuss other things and joke around about it,
but it's a great reoccurring segment that's going to keep happening
on Chicklets Game Notes, and I think RB and Merle's are doing a hell of a job.
And, of course, that there's a part where me and Witt hop off.
So they go into their own subjects and keep going and keep talking.
So make sure you check that out.
That was only episode two.
And those drop once a month.
And DM your stories to Merle's and also comment them on the YouTube page.
Comment them on the comments on the podcast on the YouTube page and we'll read them there
Alright guys before we continue
Here's a word from our presenting sponsor
The holidays are just around the block
So make sure you're all stocked up
On your old Pink Whitney
You can also hit your local bar to get some Pink Whitney
You might want a little shot action, a little club soda
Either way get that fine
Pink lemonade flavored vodka
The good stuff from New Amsterdam Vodka.
Pink Whitney.
Go get some.
And while we were in Philly, we got to see some history made.
Stephen Stamkos got his 1,000th NHL point when he assisted on Nick Paul's
second period goal.
Pretty cool to be there, witnessed that.
The whole team came out, congratulated him.
Nice little history made.
Let's see, 95th NHL to hit 1,000.
One of only 10 active players at that number. He's the first Tampath NHL to hit 1,000. One of only 10 active players at that number.
He's the first Tampa Bay Lightning player to hit 1,000 points.
But that wasn't the only Lightning news all week.
Buddy, Pat Maroon had a little.
Well, no, sorry, quick.
I just wanted to shout out.
I wanted to shout out Stamkos a little bit.
Ugly goal.
What?
It was an ugly goal.
Well, yeah, it was Paul who scored it, correct?
And it was a second assist, right?
It was one of those, but who cares?
They don't ask how.
They ask how many. But the only thing I wanted to bring up, and Patty Maroon talks about St? It was a second assist, right? It was one of those, but who cares? They don't ask how. They ask how many.
But the only thing I wanted to bring up, and Patty Maroon talks about Stamkos a little bit,
but the injuries that this guy went through earlier in his career,
it's an amazing amount of, what's the word?
Resilience.
Resilience.
Oh, my God.
Great job, Biz.
Plus one.
Thank you.
Don't leave me in knuckles.
Thank you.
In knuckles.
So when he hurt his knee in Boston, he ended up missing the Olympics that year.
It was just heartbreaking for him, right?
And he's been through so much.
And then he was able to come back and score that big goal in the bubble Stanley Cup final against Dallas.
So just what he's done in his career is one thing.
First overall pick and live up to the hype and become a two-time Stanley Cup champion.
But to do it with the resiliency of battling through injury after injury it made that thousandth point I'm sure even a little bit sweeter
because there was times you know you wondered like is this guy even gonna be able to stay healthy and
it's luckily enough it's turned into the past few years he's been able to be out there a lot
what a breakdown by you I just didn't want to go over that guy's getting a thousand points
no battling through injury every single no and mike for a while and sometimes guys go through those injuries and you know the the mental
capacity it takes to get back and remember he he actually after the first one and also the cup run
where he was injured so he's had some pretty traumatic things happen in his career but i'm
sure that he would probably uh attest a lot of it to to his partner crime gary roberts with the
off-ice stuff that's how that's how he's been able to stay at the top of his game.
And right now, I want to say he's on pace for over, what, 35, 40 goals this late in his career?
Yeah, he's got 500 coming up.
Did you see him mention that he had a ridiculous point streak going at one point with Martin St. Louis
and they got their sticks going for fucking Pearson?
Yeah, Pearson.
Pearson Airport.
And let me say something else.
I saw that Air Canada was named the best airline in North America.
Who is the Bruins Pratt Bears voting on that?
That's some Kim Jong Un shit.
It's the only airport.
It's the only airline.
You have a fucking monopoly on the whole country.
You can't get one flight from one place to the other.
And Pearson's stealing hockey sticks for nhl players this is just a disgusting report coming out of
that awful fucking airport who knew uh stamco setting a thousand points was going to bring up
some post-traumatic stress from your experience oh my god pearson airport dude i went through
customs for the first time um coming back from jamaica man since that like trip home i was like shaking
trying to figure out a way to get through the line so um yeah i just thought that was interesting
but you did canada what a fugazi airline you did summarize it and i want to say that it was brought
up because of what robertson and who's the other one who's got a crazy point street going right
now marner and they were playing marner was was playing against Tampa when he was trying to tie it.
And he ended up tying it that night.
Or maybe did he break it?
No, he beat it.
He scored two goals, a shorty and a peeper.
Yeah, he beat it.
And that's why I think Stammer was asked about it.
And he mentioned, oh, I actually had one and I didn't score the game after.
So I'll always hate Pearson like the wit dog.
That's probably why he did it.
A couple Leafs fans working the stick rack there.
Just a horrible airport. Will the Prime Minister listen to wit hey actually i know we're going to be
sending it to patty here pretty quick but we got we can't just graze over mitchie marner breaking
that record 19 straight games with a point gets the shorty and the peeper in my opinion easily
easily top three right wingers in the game i'm gonna say before it was number one
right i'm gonna i'm gonna say number one based on point production and everything he has done
analytically over the last probably 18 months and in the way that he's been able to perform
so congratulations to mitchie marner wit was all over you at the start of the year and look what
happened yeah i don't know why he's taking credit for it,
but you're a GOAT, so is Pauly,
and wish the Leafs all the best on this.
They actually have a game against Dallas tonight, I believe,
and it's the first time ever that two players
with an 18 or more game point streak
are playing against each other in Robertson and...
Oh, I don't have enough lotion in this segment
to give another wrister out to another player,
and we've been stroking off Jason Robertson quite a bit.
Yeah.
So we could keep it with the Tampa theme.
I was going to ask you about this water bukkake biz.
What should I take on these when players can see it all over the place?
I like them.
You're saying bukkake on TNT.
It's like Kevin Hayes.
Every time I talk to him, he's like, how does he not get in trouble?
Well, because it's a water bottle bukkake.
But it's a bukkake nonetheless in your face.
When he tied, it was in Toronto when he tied the record.
Who was it?
Eddie Olchek and Sittler were the ones who had had it currently for the Toronto Maple Leafs.
So when they come in the room, every time a guy hits a milestone,
I want to say when Austin Matthews hit 60 goals,
they hit him with the water bottle Bukkake.
And in fitting fashion, Marner ties the record
so when he comes in, they all give him the little celebration.
I love it. I love it.
He did the gritty right after I saw him.
He's just in the zone right now. How can you not
love this kid? He is oozing
confidence, and he's got all these haters on his
back, and he's just shrugging them off.
We'll see. We'll see, because the Leafs
fans are going to start hating him too when they lose again this year. I I tweeted this out and I might be like Grinelli getting into my feelings here
something feels different oh my god I'm not doing this wow something feels not doing this she said
she loves me different and they got two goalies right now kicking so suck on that haters and they
got no fucking deal wasn't the problem last year we're going to send a quick congrats to Corey Perry.
He played in his 1,200th game Saturday night, talking about Tampa.
Hall of Famer.
We are going to get to Pat Maroon.
In case you're unaware of the story somehow,
during the Tampa Bay-Boston game last week,
the Bruins announced that Jack Edwards just come out of nowhere
with some shitty things he said about Pat,
and we wanted to bring Pat on to give his side of the story,
so we're going to send it over to our pal Pat Maroon right now.
Do you want to roll the tape so people have even more context of what rant Jack Edwards
went on for no reason?
Yeah, sure.
I didn't want to do it to hurt his feelings again, but we might as well for people who
haven't heard it yet.
Listed 238 pounds.
That was day one of training camp.
I got a feeling he's had a few more pizzas between then and now.
Yeah, that should be full pregame.
Right.
Fasting.
Chris.
Inadvertent fasting for Pat Maroon is like four hours without a meal.
But, hey, three's Pat Maroon.
And before we go any further, may I remind you folks,
holiday drinking season has officially begun.
That's right, Christmas parties left, right, and center.
No day's wasted is here to get you through
them feeling your best even after boozing dhm detox is the ultimate vitamin for when you drink
it's perfect for the holiday parties stocking stuffers and of course christmas gifts no more
feeling sluggish and slow and useless the next day after boozing dhmM Detox is a 100 risk-free trial in your first box.
So if you don't love it, they'll refund you at the very least.
Give it a shot.
And if you don't like it, you get your money back.
Check out their recovery bundles for the best experience possible.
They're a combo of DHM Detox, hydration replenishers.
They're the only recovery products worth using because they work so damn well together.
One, two, punch.
That's right.
No days wasted.
DHM Detox, the hydration replenisher.
Back to the interview.
All right.
It's been almost a year and a half since we had this three-time Stanley Cup champion on the show.
He just started his 12th NHL season.
He's about to believe, Mike, our first four-time guest here on the show. He just started his 12th NHL season. He's about to believe, Mike,
our first four-time guest here on the show. Always a pleasure to welcome our guy,
Patty Maroon, to the Spittin' Chicklets podcast. How are you, my friend?
Great, all right. Thanks for having me, boys. I'm pumped up about this one.
Oh, Jesus. Well, let's start off on a positive note. Stephen Stamkos, your teammate, beloved by his teammates.
We were actually in Philly 1,000 points.
What does this guy mean to you guys?
He's just the nicest guy in the world.
You guys all came on the ice.
A very special moment, I'm sure, for you and the rest of the team.
Yeah, I mean, that was pretty sick.
Never seen that done before.
Never seen it.
Obviously, I saw it live when Boston with Patrice Bergeron.
But as a teammate, your leader, your captain, that he gets along with everyone.
He's just like the nicest guy.
Like you said, he's the nicest guy in the world.
But to see that night in Philly was pretty remarkable.
And he's about to hit a lot of
milestones though that's just not the only one he's what he's got a thousand games almost and
now he's almost to 500 goals so that's a that's a heck of a list and a heck of a career but you
know he's an ultimate guy ultimate teammate he's just a great family guy and the nicest guy around
the ring so well deserved by stam. And then you guys had the
ceremony the next game. It was
at home against the Toronto Maple Leafs.
People were commenting online. He got like
17 gifts on the ice.
Yeah.
He had what? The two kids
got a stick. He got a stick.
The wife got flowers.
His mom got flowers. And then we brought
him wine, a putter.
And then the owner brought him something.
Yeah, it was just a shit show.
It was hilarious.
And his little kid stole the show.
He had, like, that little Tiffany stick, whatever they gave him.
He's just banging it on the ice.
He's trying to stick it in.
So that was great.
It was perfect, though.
It was a great night.
But, yeah, he had, like, a ton of stuff.
Is there a bunch of winos on the team?
Do you know what kind of wine it was?
Opus, I think.
Opus One.
Do you guys get into it on the planes and stuff?
Do you guys bust out the nice bottles?
Yeah, we get in some wine on the plane for sure.
Hedy's a big wine nut, headman,
so he's usually got the nice bottles at our table
because we play cards at our table.
So it's me, Stammer, Hedy, and Hagel. So we always got the nice bottles at our table because we play cards at our table. So it's me, Stammer, Hedy, and Hagel.
So we always got the nice bottles of wine.
How much better are these questions business firing off than the one on TNT?
Shut the fuck up.
No, Patty, listen.
Okay, first of all, I want to go into the
It actually wasn't that bad.
No, it wasn't.
I love that you gave it to him.
I think that there was a sentence missing in between.
But just seeing your brain register it and then you kind of like gave that face like that was a stupid
fucking question what do you mean we're flying out of the radar we're fucking nasty again we
went to the finals last three years but but i i genuinely felt that not a lot of people especially
media wise were talking about you guys coming into this year and you guys kind of have flown
under the radar you guys are playing some great, and you guys kind of have flown under the radar.
You guys are playing some great fucking hockey.
No, I agree with you.
I think no one's really talking about us.
I think you're right about that.
But I think, yeah, I was trying to obviously wrap my head around the question a little bit, but we obviously still want to be a contender.
We want to be a good team.
I still think we have, you know, one of the strongest lines in the league.
And then Adam Pauly and Killer and Stammer to that mix.
That's having a heck of a year.
But I think we are.
We're playing better hockey.
We have a great goaltender.
We have a great decor.
There's no reason we can't go back or, you know, have that itch again, you know, to grind one out again.
Because when you have a player like Cooch, I mean, anything can happen.
And then you add Stammer in the mix because he's a game-time player too
and a pointer.
And so it's nice to have that depth.
But, yeah, like you said, we have been flying underneath the radar,
but we're playing better.
And with Vaski kicking the net, our odds are pretty well.
You see Nick Paul, he grabbed the puck after Stammer's 1,000th point.
And he's kind of a guy that when he came over last year,
I didn't know a ton about him.
You could tell right away it was important for you guys to grab him.
But kind of explain to everyone how dominant he's been this year.
I mean, this is a guy you saw him in Game 7 against Toronto
take over the show last year.
But this year, he hasn't slowed down one bit.
And for the common hockey fan who doesn't know a ton about him,
what's his game like?
Yeah, I mean, he's a great power forward.
I feel like he's got some good foot speed.
He's kind of deceiving for a big guy.
He can move around.
He's big in the faceoff dot.
He can play 200 feet.
He's got a great shot. He's on the power play right now in the face off dot he can play two in her feet uh he's got a great shot uh he's
on the power play right now in the bumper spot so um but yeah he's just that guy that you know
is always in the way yeah he's just always in the way and he's always at the right time he's in the
right spots at the right time uh but he gets the job done he's's got a great shot, good hands. And for a big guy, he can move around.
And he does all the little things right.
You know, and it's good.
I mean, I'm so happy for him.
He's actually come in right away and he's producing this year.
Hagel's producing again this year too.
So it's nice to see those guys getting rewarded and playing with some good players
and getting an opportunity from where they were before.
Patty, when you guys started this season,
did Coop approach the team in any way to say like wash away last year to kind
of get the stink out of your mouth? How did he, how did you guys approach that?
No, I think he obviously was devastating. All right.
But I think for us, he just kind of came in. I was like, listen,
our training camp is going to be, you know, work. We're going to work.
We're going to gel right away.
We're going to see, you know, we have a lot of new faces,
get the team together, you know, create that chemistry,
that bond, you know, in the room, you know, on the ice.
And I think that's the most important thing away from the rink too.
So when you lose key players like Mack and Claude and Ruda, you know,
that's a lot of leadership in that group.
And I think adding more pieces and seeing like, you know, Paulie got the experience last year.
Hagle got that experience of the taste of the, you know, going deeper on and they understand
the process and, you know, what it takes. And yeah, it was just more like that. Just, you know, what it takes. And, yeah, he was just more like that. Just, you know, come in, work, you know.
Some of these guys had a taste of it last year.
And, you know, when you get a taste of it, you want more.
And I feel like, you know, that's a great, you know, great response.
And he's got that swag to him that he knows to say the right things
at the right time.
And I think we have a great leadership group that understands like,
Hey,
like if you look on the,
around the league,
our team on paper is pretty,
pretty good still.
And I'll take that our team against anyone.
So,
you know,
I think it's just in the beginning,
it's hard.
You guys know,
like it's,
it's hard to like get going,
get your engine going again,
you know,
three summers in a row,
you don't even have a summer and you're like, shit, I have to get back, get your engine going again. Three summers in a row, you don't even have a summer,
and you're like, shit, I have to get back to the fucking grind again.
I think now, the beginning of the year,
we were just putting our skates on and going out there,
and now we're getting our engine going.
We're playing the game.
We're playing the right way, and we're playing Tampa Bay.
It's hard to get those endorphins popping when you're going out for those playoff games that mean so much and then going back to just like a regular season they get you know game three of an 82 schedule fuck off now now if
it was your choice do you would you want the league to maybe minimize the amount of games
don't you think 76 would be the perfect amount of games never gonna happen yeah i would say 72 or 74
would be a perfect amount or limit training camp i think training camp's too long i really believe
that i think we play way too many games and like when we went to the bubble that week or two weeks
with no games that was perfect like it was perfect like it's just training camp
just drags on too long we start too early i think september 13th way too early and like what do we
when was open tonight october 11th yeah first game yeah i mean that's long that's a long training
camp i just think it's unnecessary in my opinion especially when teams do go on that deep run i
think you need more time yeah by the time you're done crushing your uh well we say big deal bruise
on this podcast now maybe we'll get you a deal but by the time you finally put those down you
got a month to relax and then you're right back at it again yeah exactly and i think it's it would
be better to shorten it too i think think eight to seven games is too much.
I only think  I don't know.
I feel like now the roster just gets eliminated right away.
Like after day two, it's like everyone's gone.
We already know our team going in.
Yeah, so like you might as well just limitize training camp.
I mean, you already know.
There's a handful of guys.
I'm sure they know who's staying, who's going.
Yeah, get these pigeons out of here.
Get these fucking bums out of my stall, trainers.
Hey, you already mentioned Cooch, but I was laughing.
When we had you on the TNT broadcast,
there was a point where he could
I don't know why you guys were on the ice together,
but there was a seam to feed you and he didn't do it,
but then yet somehow he did like a spinorama pass.
And I don't know if you knew it was coming, but then you ended up making contact
but missed and then you  and they had the ISO cam on you after the game
and you looked at the heavens and I was just fucking howling at your body reactions.
They need to ISO cam you every game.
Yeah, I was disappointed.
I obviously haven't scored a goal this year, so it's been a tough year.
But when he made that, I thought, like you said, I thought it was coming right away.
And then he kind of lost control of it, stuck with it.
And then he just fired it.
And I think I hit him in the corner.
That's how bad the shot was.
That's why you look to the heavens.
You're like, God damn it.
That was my only chance to prove myself.
I could play on this guy's line.
And I blew it.
And I dumped it in the corner.
I blew it.
I blew it.
Hey, I got to ask you another thing.
You were involved in a scary, unfortunate incident with Evander Kane this year.
I mean, did you have any idea?
Like, the blades are so sharp.
People don't realize how quickly and easily something like that can happen.
But pretty scary once you probably realize seeing him sprint off the ice.
What happened, huh?
Yeah.
So, honestly, guys, I had no idea I did it.
I thought Myers did it.
And I was the one, like, screaming to get everyone, like, rush him off.
And it's obviously a very scary moment moment and obviously i reached out to vander
i texted him connor sent me over his number and just i you know i just said sorry you know i
didn't mean it i didn't know i did it you know my son called me after the game he's like did you
know you did that i was like i had no idea and then he sent me the video and i was like oh
shit i did do that and And I felt so bad.
You know, like I said, I reached out to him just saying sorry.
You know, hopefully you have a speedy recovery.
And I felt so bad.
I was like, man, I feel so sorry.
And that stuff, you know, it's a freak accident.
I obviously did not mean to do that.
But it's a scary moment for me because, you know I it could have been really bad it was a pretty bad situation and uh you uh you
obviously you think about it and make sure he's doing okay so I'm glad he's doing better I'm glad
his recovery is doing better and hopefully I can see him on the ice here soon so um it's just a
freak accident that you never want to see in hockey
because blades are sharp and I'm a big guy.
So, like, it could have been way worse than it really was.
Do you have another one?
Well, speaking of big guy, I mean, we can go into
Yeah, you teed us up on that one, Patty.
We can talk about the human donkey from Shrek himself, Jack Edwards.
Now, listen, Patty, I've been doing this podcast for, what, six years?
Seven.
Seven years now.
I've hated this guy from the minute it started.
Just an absolute loser.
And I'm curious, though.
Like, how did you find out what he said?
How random was it in your mind?
Take us through the entire night when you realized this clown opened his mouth once again to make a fool of himself.
this clown opened his mouth once again to make a fool of himself well i guess our trainer was in the back was uh listened to the game and he heard it i guess it was he was steaming he was
steaming the whole game and like the guys knew like the guys that weren't playing were like
they knew but they saw me and no one said anything to me. So everyone was like,
keep it quiet because they probably don't want me to blow a gasket during
the game. Uh, so we're in the shower and Sam was like, Hey,
did you, did you see this video yet? And he's not changed yet.
I'm in the shower. I was like, what video? And everyone's like, Oh God,
you're, you're not going to be too happy. And I'm like, what,
what's this video?
Like, what do you mean?
Like, what did I do?
I'm, like, circling back and, like, okay, what did I do?
You know, did I do something stupid here?
And I heard the video, and I was just in awe.
I was like, why would someone do that?
You know what was cool?
My team had my back won.
My team really thought it was fucked up for two.
So I felt better in that
sense like you know and i was like okay maybe and then i listened to it again i'm like that mother
like that that was pretty fucked up in my opinion i don't understand why someone would go on
and watch the puck go back to the boston's end back to Tampa's end, back to Boston's end, then back to Tampa's end and still talking for a minute and 15 seconds.
There's no call.
It's not a call for if now if I did something stupid or like if I was doing
something and maybe he was saying something,
but just to randomly just talk bad about someone for a minute and a half or
whatever, a minute 15 when i'm not even on
the ice was just unnecessary in my opinion um i'm glad i cooled down because i didn't want to react
on you know stupidity i wanted to you know find a way and to do something and trust me guys, I was Steven Escrinelli. I was texting him. Oh, really? Oh, yeah
I was Steven and I was like I I was yelling at my PR department like
What do I do that? I'm motherfucking everyone like where is he and I was like, I've my face is completely red
Like I just you know, you should
Hey, so jumpstart a puke
you know you should see his teeth during his teeth hey so jump start a puke it's horrible so apparently they put him in rooms opposite of where the teams are at whenever they're on the
road staying in hotels because he just like he's just a pothead again i guess he smokes a ton of
i guess i guess he smokes a ton of kron now that might be a complete rumor but we don't care we're
just firing back at this point right but yeah just some of the idiotic things he says and ra you said
it best you said over the years like it wasn't so bad, maybe early days, but it's just progressively getting worse for the way he acts on there.
Yeah. I mean, I've always been a Jack guy. I know he's a home of, you know, I'm a Boston guy.
He's been around for 15, 20 years and he's just not good at the job lately.
He's what, 65 now? I mean, you've heard of the game calls. They just stilted.
He'll go like 60 seconds. I don't talk. and I don't know if the job is maybe past them I mean he's at retirement age but you know what that pal it's
just it was so odd pad so unnecessary and and then he came out with his own statement like
and all he did was reiterate you know you would have thought he would have apologized he just
reiterated what happened and said oh I've reached out to him through the team which it was kind of
a useless statement now had you ever even met him before? Did you ever have any interactions with him ever? No. So he did
reach out to the team. He reached out to
our PR department,
which also made...
And I don't want to throw Jack
underneath the bus. Listen, I'm not trying to...
We will. You haven't done that at all.
I'm not trying to get him fired.
That's not my goal here.
That's not my goal.
But
he did email the team, and unfortunately, he said,
here's my contact number.
Have Pat reach out to me.
Unfortunately, I'm not going to reach out to him.
Here's my contact number?
What the fuck?
Give us the number.
We'll post it on the Chickles Twitter account.
I'll have Foley prank him.
Actually, Foley probably likes him.
Foley would go to dinner with the guy.
He's a bruised homer himself.
I'm not  you know what I mean?
So I think that part of it was kind of upsetting.
He didn't say sorry or nothing.
He was just like, here's my contact information.
Here's my email.
Pat wants to reach out to me which is unfortunate because
i was like you know what our guy's brian brie's man i was like you know what just leave it alone
it's over it's done he reached out just wash it and you know it's what's turning out let's figure
out what what we can can do to make this negative thing into a positive. And we, we, we ended up sorting it out and it turned out to be an unbelievable
situation on, you know, the Tampa community and people around the league.
So it worked out great.
For those people, for those people that aren't on social media.
So you guys ended up donating through the team and organization,
roughly 50,000 towards what, which charity and for what purpose, Patty?
Tampa Thieves.
And we're basically people that, you know, get made fun of for their weight
or are struggling with something in the past.
And, you know, mentally it can take a toll on you.
And I think for us, we wanted to just find a way to turn a negative into a positive.
And we did.
It went viral for one.
I think we're raising more than 50,000 right now.
We've got a lot of, you know, people that have been reaching out about it.
And, yeah, man, out it turned out good and um
unfortunately as players biz you probably would have had the best comeback line probably and wit
if you guys were playing the game you guys probably would have steamed off and wrote something but
you know it was just best i did it because at the end of the day, I didn't want Jack fired,
and then if I said something stupid,
then I don't want to get canceled, right?
Then everyone's going to be at me,
and it's just a shit storm from there.
So I was just like, let's see if we can figure something out.
Yeah, but it's been great.
I should get some of that money that's been donated.
I was tortured about my body my whole career.
It's not fair. It's not donated. I was tortured about my body my whole career. It's not fair.
It's not right.
I'm scarred.
Hello?
Yes.
Listen, it's been my whole career.
So it does upset you.
I'm actually starting a question shaming charity, Patty.
Do you want to donate to that or what?
I'm the coach here.
Do you want to donate?
Yeah, I'll donate 100.
Okay, thanks.
That's awesome.
And I'll just buy one of your cameos back with it.
Are you still on Cameo?
I am, but I haven't done it in a while.
I've been useless on that thing.
I don't even think my app works anymore.
They shut me down for a little bit.
Too many requests.
Too many requests, and then I'm not doing them that's the problem pat it seemed like a lot of
people online were like kind of putting words in your mouth oh he's a pro hockey player he's a
tough guy it didn't bother him at all but you know clearly clearly it did did you want to kind of
address that in some way you know you're supposed to be not have failings because you're a tough guy
is that maybe how you felt people reacting in some way yeah i mean yeah so i was i didn't really look at it like that i just looked at like listen
if guys want to chirp me and you know keyboard heroes want to chirp me on twitter i mean i'm
used to that stuff and uh i knew i was going to get chirped in Philly 100. And someone from the bench, I don't know who it was,
was like, are you still fasting?
Listen, it's one of those things where, you know,
I took the high road, but I was just more mad.
I was mad of why he did it and why he said it.
It wasn't because I knew I couldn't do anything.
That was a problem in my head and probably all
your guys's heads you want to react on something completely different and like be an idiot but you
can't and you got to be careful you have to choose your words you have to you know choose your the
writing you're going to say and it's just what it wasn't worth it to me and but yeah i was just more
pissed all right i was just like why did he it was just more pissed, all right? I was just like, why did he?
It was just unnecessary.
It was uncalled for.
Yeah, I mean, what are the guys going to say?
I'm soft for, you know, having someone chirp me?
I don't care.
I don't give a shit.
That doesn't bother me.
Like, guys do it all the time.
And if they're going to chirp me, then guys are nice,
and I guess we'll fight.
But other than that. so it's a little
different in your mind if you're saying it to your face as opposed to just like on the broadcast to
all these people watching you don't even know what's being said right yeah it's basically like
someone talking shit behind your back for no reason you're just sitting there and someone
records it plays it for you it's just like it's just uncalled for. Listen, if you guys were on the ice and you were like, oh, we're in your fat,
I get it.
That's the only joke people say.
I get it.
We're in your fat.
Okay, I know.
Okay, I get it.
Come up with something different.
You know what I mean?
I get that all the time.
It's the heat of the moment.
Guys are chirping.
That's fine.
But, like, when someone that I've never met before is just chirping me
for no reason and, like, telling him my weight.
Actually, I came in at camp at 234.
So, if he actually read the stat pack.
What did he say you were?
Hey, did you chuckle a little bit when somebody from the Flyers asked if you were fasting?
Or fasting?
He's fasting.
Fasting?
Yeah, I chuckled.
That's it.
Like I said, though, Biz, I'm going to get it.
Like, that's going to happen, right?
Like I said, that stuff doesn't bother me.
But it's a guy that's on radio or national TV in front of whatever,
millions of viewers or listeners,
and he's just talking bad about someone unnecessarily for a minute and 15 seconds.
He's not even on the ice.
The play went down, back, down, back, down, and he continues to keep going.
And I was just like, I thought it was just unnecessary and wrong, in my opinion.
And like I said, I wasn't trying to cancel him or fire him.
That wasn't my point.
I was just like, I want to know why he was saying that.
You know what I mean?
2019.
What brought 2019?
His butt hurts that you took his Stanley Cup ring away from him.
I would say send up some Cress white strips to the press box for next week.
No, it's like if you're saying he smokes weed, his jibs are like he smokes meth.
His jibs are disappearing in camels.
Yeah, they're crazy.
Hey, Gritty, though.
Gritty had your back.
There was a fun little sign he had going on.
Yeah, that was hilarious, by the way.
What did it say?
Tick?
It's all thick.
Yeah, that's how the girl was saying,
when they got the big g-dunk-a-dunks.
Ooh, you thick, girl.
Ooh, you thick.
I got it right here.
Ooh, you thick, Patty.
Thick and tired of all this body shame.
Yeah, I got it right here.
And then our mascot had a sign, too, yesterday walking into the game.
I'm like, all right, no.
They are charity kids. Yeah.'m like, all right, no. Now you're a charity case.
Yeah.
But I agree with Wendell.
I think that the Blues Cup is probably,
I mean, Jack would probably never admit it.
I bet that's a big reason for it, because he's an
over-the-top homer. Because what else,
what other logical thing could you come to
why he would do that, man? It makes
no sense, but I don't know.
I don't know. I just feel like if
us athletes
did that and someone recorded it we'd be in so much shit you'd be playing for the north
folk admirals is that where their hl team is like the neftahemic whatever russia
what's up boys fabs and prawn just got here We're going to dinner tonight. Oh, where are you guys headed? Meat market.
You're going to see some thickness there.
Yeah.
That's so good.
What are the chances we got a possible Alex Killer-Culorn and Patty Maroon Sandbagger maybe?
Oh, yeah.
You guys are going to get rinsed.
Have you not seen us playing lately? Have you been watching them? Oh, yeah. You guys are going to get rinsed. Have you not seen us playing lately?
Have you been watching them?
We're buzzing.
Killer's a stick for one.
I know.
That's who we're worried about.
He hits it really far.
He hits it really far.
He's going to smoke wet, and I know I can just bury this.
Oh, yeah.
Wait till the cameras start rolling, buddy.
Wait till we bring in Jack Edwards' caddy for us.
Yeah, he'll be on fucking hole nine.
I'm going to use his tooth as a putter. With a megaphone. Wait till the cameras start rolling, buddy. Wait till we bring in Jack Edwards' caddy for us. Yeah, he'll be on fucking hole nine.
I'm going to use his tooth as a putter.
With a megaphone.
Where are we playing?
Every green.
We're going to put him in a cage.
Are you going away on all-star break?
Hey, we're going to put a crane and a cage on top so you can't get to him.
And he's going to have a megaphone.
Every time you backswing for a putt, he's going to be in your kitchen.
Me and Killer are going to go to Augusta.
You can
get on Augusta?
Yeah, I think we're going just for one day.
Come on. Jesus
hell, what's the hookup? Who's getting you on there?
Tell us the hookup now so it gets shriveled and you
don't even get to go. I can't tell you.
Exactly. Three Stanley Cups.
Exactly. Alright, Paddy, we've taken a lot of your time. Was there anything tell you. Exactly. Three Stanley Cups. Exactly.
Alright, Pat, we've taken a lot of your time.
Was there anything else you guys wanted to follow up with?
No.
Yeah, the sandbagger. One we planned.
Yeah, well, all-star break.
Hopefully, if you guys are around, all-star break.
If you're not playing in the game, we'll get you out for a round.
I'm coming to Tampa, too.
February 21st to 25th
for a golf tournament, So maybe we can do it
around that. Then you're back playing though.
We need an all-star break. Tell Kalor not to
go anywhere and we'll come to you right at the beginning of it.
What's our wager though? We gotta
have a big wager here.
We can't just play
just for the TV and the
YouTube and the
boys' clicks here. We gotta make it
very, very interesting.
Let's play for a jet ski.
I'm not down for that.
Okay.
All right.
I am down for that.
I'll play you straight up for a jet ski.
Yeah, because you're legit the human Kenny Powers.
I will play you straight up for a jet ski.
Okay, motherfucker.
Let's go, baby.
Let's go.
I don't think Biz realizes he's playing for like 10,000.
That might change the entire thing.
He's going to get a deal.
He's going to get a used one for you.
Yeah, exactly.
I'm going to be on Facebook Marketplace getting you an absolute hunk of shit.
But there ain't no way we're losing that one, buddy.
I'm telling you, man.
Once the cameras start rolling, it's a game changer.
Hey, you should use Stammer's new putter.
What did they get him? They get him a
belly putter? Stammer's good too.
Yeah, he's really good. Stammer's
a stick too. Who's better, Stammer or Killorn
if they're playing for 10 Gs,
18 hole match? Hey, send me
Stammer. Stammer says
Killer's never beaten him. Wow.
Hayden Fleury's a stick.
Hayden Fleury is? Yeah, but
he doesn't have the name yet to take on the Sandbaggers.
Hey, I know how we're going to get back at Jack.
Send me his number.
I'm going to send him a picture of my horn.
I'm going to send him a dick pic.
We'll get him back.
I'll ruin his year.
Federal crime to get repented.
All of a sudden, his face is getting dragged out of the barstool offices in handcuffs.
Oh, Patty, dude,
it's good catching up with you.
All right, Jetski.
You too, boys.
Jetski, and tell Killorn,
like, first day of All-Star break,
we'll come to you.
Because then we're going to Florida
to cover the game.
Unless you make the All-Star game.
Hey, and then,
when you finally retire
in, what, 15 years
after you have 10 Stanley Cups,
we should do, during the All-Star break, we should do an all-plugs game
where we bring in all the best fourth liners from around the league
and maybe some past fighters and grinders and stuff like that.
Wouldn't that be fun?
That would be hilarious.
Yeah, meet and greets with the fans,
and finally we'd be able to get some fucking ice time out there.
No kidding.
We'll make you honorary captain of the first ever one.
I think that would be sick.
I think that would be unbelievable.
Brian McGratton would get an invite.
Jody Shelley.
Cam Jansen, for sure.
Oh, my God.
He'll run someone over.
Vitaly would have to come.
Yeah, he's in there.
He's the locker room DJ.
The most well-spoken fourth liner ever.
Is Worm, the Perry, Corey Perry, still the most superstitious guy going?
Oh, yeah.
He's the worst.
It's crazy, eh?
In the pregame clock, right when it changes, he does every single thing,
depending on that.
Everything's timed.
Oh, he's nuts.
Crazy.
He's nuts.
It's insane.
1,200 games the other night.
That's right, yeah.
I think he's a Hall of Famer.
Yeah, but Biz.
Everyone is a Hall of Famer.
You're in the Hall of Fame.
Hayden Fleury is already in the Hall of Fame if you ask Biz.
First ballot.
But his stretch routine, he takes really good care of
his body as far as how long he warms up and and uh what do you say that when you make your body
not limber but you're asking the wrong guy okay i'm sorry pliability pliability pliability a lot
of syllables um all right he he stretches he's he's. He's a loose man out there.
All right, well, listen.
Hell of a guy.
Four-time Chicklets guest.
Going to get dummied in a sandbagger, but we love you.
And, man, don't worry.
If you're a little bigger, it's okay.
It's okay.
No.
You enjoy dinner tonight and have dessert.
A little cushion for the pushing, baby.
See you, Big Rick. Love you, baby. See you, Big Rick.
Love you, Rick. See you, Patty.
Alright, guys. I got to talk to you about Shopify real quick. It's
time to knock that new business idea out of
the park with Shopify, the all-in-one
commerce platform to start,
run, and grow your own business.
Forget the off-season work. Shopify
makes it simple to sell to anyone from
anywhere, whether you're selling warm-ups or wall hangers.
It's time to start selling with Shopify and join the platform,
simplifying commerce for millions of businesses worldwide.
With Shopify, you'll customize your online store to your brand,
discover new customers, and build relationships that create diehard fans.
That's the most important thing.
Shopify fields all the sales channels to
grow a winning business from an in-person POS system to an all-in-one e-commerce platform,
even across social media platforms like TikTok, Facebook, and Instagram. And thanks to 24-7
support and free on-demand business courses, Shopify is your team every step of the way.
This is a no-brainer. When you're ready to take your winning idea to the world, Thank you. free trial at shopify.com slash chicklets all lowercase letters go to shopify.com slash
chicklets to start selling online today shopify.com slash chicklets big thanks for patty for jumping
on with us man i'm glad he come on and gave us either story because you know it's you know shitty
thing nobody wants to be put in that position and you know i'm glad like you said something good
come out of it they raised over 50 grand50,000 for Tampa Bay Thrive.
And that money is going to keep going up with the attention they've drawn to it.
So what a spin zone by Patty.
And listen, I get what he means by firing something off right away
and how it can do no good, where essentially there's more harm being done.
So good for him for taking a couple deep breaths and not hitting the send button
because I would imagine there was some pretty interesting...
Well, he texted Grinelli.
If he decided to tweet when he texted you,
he'd probably be kicked out of the league.
If he listened to me, I was like,
do it, we got your back, we'll get him, hit him with a tweet.
Columbus is the best city in the world.
That's what would have got him kicked out of the league.
Biz, team we haven't talked about enough lately,
we mentioned them here and there, Seattle Kraken.
Holy shit.
They look for real.
Despite Saturday's loss to Florida, team went 10-1-1 in November.
15-6-3.
Currently four points back of Vegas with two games in hand.
Only six teams in the league have more goals than them.
I'd say free agent signing E. Barakoski has been huge.
25 points in 24 games.
Matty Benares, unbelievable.
Leading rookies in points and goals.
Martin Jones, I mean, that's a signing a lot of people kind of snickered at
at the beginning of the year, and he's been their savior so far.
Phillip Grubauer's been injured.
Martin Jones, 12-4-2.
I mean, a 2-9-0, 8-9-3, probably not the best numbers,
but he's getting the win, so it really doesn't matter in that regard.
What's your take on him?
You've seen a lot of him.
I mean, it's just a magical story right now,
and I guess I'll start it off with we had them on the TNT broadcast
early in the season, and I always bounce things off talk,
and I'm like, what are you seeing from these guys?
They're not that exciting to watch.
They were really boring last year.
And he goes, they don't really have an identity.
And it seems as if they'll partway through that game,
just something clicked, and since then they've been on this run.
Now, I think that  shout out to Haxtell, because I didn't really, you know, he was in Philly, didn't really have much success there.
And you thought maybe this is the type of guy who is, what do you call them, sacrificial lamb, where you almost want the team to do bad in the first couple years.
You don't want to maybe bring in that coach that's going to finally get them done when they get these pieces that they're trying to acquire, whether it was through the expansion draft or the actual draft. And he just
has this group playing. And I always go back to what Colby Armstrong said about talking to Eberle,
how he said this is the deepest team he's ever played on. But when Haxtell decided to stay firm
on the situation with Shane Wright, I think that that sent a message
throughout the group saying, listen, we're not just going to insert people and we're
not playing for the future right now.
We're playing for right now and didn't really give up that spot.
Now, that's not shitting on Shane Wright.
I'm really happy that he was able to go down to the American Hockey League and get some
reps in there and also get some practice reps at the NHL level.
But once again
that sent a message to the group and then since then it's just been all four lines producing
offense i feel like their their d are a little bit overlooked but also help joining that offense
do they give up a lot of goals as well but who gives a fuck man exciting hockey to watch the
martin jones story is great as well
because after his little stint in San Jose
when they ended up going to the finals
and losing to Pittsburgh the one year,
I feel like he really fizzled off.
I didn't know really how much more time he had
in the National Hockey League
given with what his production was,
but you see what he's been able to do there
and revive his career.
I think he's really thriving in this situation.
Now, of course, Grubauer is technically their number one.
I think he's, with injuries, he's been a sideline to only playing, what,
six games so far?
Yes.
But overall, the Burakovsky deal, he's leading their team right now,
nine goals, 26 points.
So overall, this team is just kicking high-flying offense.
And, Whit, I'll throw it over to you.
This Matty Beneers is an electric factory to watch.
He's a water bug out there, maybe a little bit undersized,
but his skating makes up for it.
Yeah, I talked to Ebbs a little bit.
Jordan Eberle is having a great year there.
And he just mentioned we're so deep up front.
We have four lines that can score.
And you think back to last year, I think more than anything
they really could not get a save.
And we talked last year a lot about
the goaltending was such a big issue that
you can't get any momentum. If you win games
it feels like, oh, we're
lucky because we still didn't get any saves.
It's just hard to kind of grow as a team
when the goaltending is really bad. It's just a fact.
And this year it's been different.
Martin Jones, like you just mentioned, but having four lines,
and the other guy that I wanted to bring up that wasn't there last year
for most of the season is Tanev because he ended up, I think he tore his ACL,
and he only played around 30 games.
That's another guy you just get in the lineup and you stay him healthy.
He's a motor.
What do they call him again?
Turbo?
Turbo.
It's nonstop.
It's physicality.
It's a guy who can kind of change a line he's on.
So when you miss him for two quarters, two thirds of the season last year, it's just
tough to come back from that.
So having four lines.
I also think Justin Schultz has been a pretty good addition.
I mean, he's a Stanley Cup champion.
He's produced offensively with Vince Dunn.
And yeah, him and Vince Dunn I don't think are known as, like, shutdown defenders, and that's maybe why their defense is a little questionable.
But just being able to add to the offense creates more with those four lines
that can score.
So it's a great story.
And in terms of Beniers, Massachusetts kid,
and just kind of one of those dudes that apparently has never had a bad day
in his life.
Like, works his balls.
You know, like me.
Trevor is eagerness 2.0.
Massachusetts guy has great attitudes.
So he's just a pleasure to be around, everyone says.
Just loves being at the rink, loves the game, and is lighting it up.
So it's a great story.
I'd love to catch a game there.
I don't know if you guys heard.
Is the crowd pretty electric on TV?
Oh, okay.
On TV it seems pretty good.
It looked very boring last year, and I was questioning it.
But now that they're winning, they scored that OT winner,
what Buneers did, seven seconds after the puck drop in overtime.
They were down 2-0 to the Washington Capitals.
We keep talking about all these blown leads and what's going on.
And he scores that goal.
That building looks electric.
We don't have a trip planned right now,
but I want to get there before the end of the season,
especially if this run continues.
Save it for the playoffs. And if we're going go to seattle in the playoffs knock on wood perfect
let's hope let's hope they make it uh shane wright was called up on monday and they did
announce he's gonna be in the lineup tonight versus montreal so this is interesting that
that's staredown ready for anyone who doesn't know he went down to coachella valley he had
five games four goals he looked phenomenal phenomenal. Took down Kendall Jenner.
Yep, easy, easy.
No questions asked.
And now he's up.
So people thought he'd be there until World Juniors.
Well, maybe now he's not even going to World Juniors.
Nobody can get an answer.
But don't bring him up and play him six minutes.
You can't do it.
He's got some confidence right now.
So if that's the plan, I really don't understand what they're thinking
because he can't play anymore in the AHL, it was the five game limit based on the injury or rehab
but you can't you can't go back to what was happening before so now that he does have
confidence and he got to play i hope the kid doesn't play for four or five minutes and sit
on the bench the whole game hey let's go right now the spike game prediction what do you got i say he gets six minutes zero zero no no i say 11 minutes
one and one really but it's a goal tonight first nhl goal tonight and then you look back to going
down and getting your reps and getting your confidence back it is crazy i mean the first
couple games you had a car i think the first three four games you had three four goals all of a sudden
you're getting your touches on the half wall you're playing the peep So all that confidence and ice time he's going to come back up with.
I'm sure the boys are going to be revved up.
You know he's going to have money on the board for the spike game,
and I hope he shoves it up the Canadians' hoop.
Nothing against the Canadians,
but this year has been the year of the spike game.
We saw it with Jack Eichel in Buffalo.
We saw it with Kirby Dock in Chicago,
and we're now going to see it with Shane Wright.
So we're now seeing it's a spite against his own team?
No, the spite game.
No, because when he was drafted, you know the story, the back story.
Oh.
Yes.
God, I didn't know.
I didn't hear you say they were playing Montreal.
The stare down.
The stare down.
Playing Montreal.
Oh, my God.
I didn't hear you say they were playing Montreal.
It's like the Wizard of Oz has been behind the scenes,
a.k.a. Gary Bettman, who gave them the first overall pick
inside of the Coyotes this year.
Suck on that, Gary.
It's like he completely organized this to all come down to tonight.
R.A., what's your prediction on spite game number three of the season?
Right, we'll get 10 minutes, 22 seconds of ice time,
one assist, and a plus two.
Wow.
Okay.
What about you, G?
We'll let you get in on the mix.
Columbus is going to be the best team on the mix. Columbus is going to be
the seed in the country.
I'm going to say two goals.
What? I'm going to say two goals.
You're on crack. We'll see. You're on crack.
You guys are cuckoo. We'll see.
That wasn't the only wild game that
they were involved with. How about the 9-8
overtime win over the Kings? That felt straight out of
the 1980s. Gave Seattle their sixth
win in a row.
Martin Jones became the first goalie in 30 years to win a game after giving up eight goals.
14 players had a multi-point night.
Six goals within the first 10 minutes of the second period.
I mean, I know the coaches hate it.
Maybe the most entertaining game of the year so far.
I went to bed because we had TNT the next night.
I was trying to get some rest.
Liam McHugh was telling me it was the most insane game.
I was up to 1 o'clock watching it.
I could not turn it off.
So much insanity, in fact, that got a guy sent down on waivers.
I was going to say, Cal Peterson's like, that game sucked.
Yeah, that's a nightmare performance for him, R.A.
Yeah, absolutely.
The next day, Kings waived goalie Cal Peterson.
I think they knew no one was going to pick him up at that contract.
He had his first year of a three-year, 15 million extension.
They sent him down to AHL Ontario.
He had given up four goals on 16 shots in 37 minutes in that aforementioned game.
He's 28 years old, 5'3 and 2 this year with a 3.75 goals against 8.68 save percentage.
I mean, he got this deal just a year ago.
Did something fall apart?
Was this a bad deal by Blake?
What do you think is the situation here?
Sometimes goalies just need to go down and get a reset.
They've got to work with their goalie coach and just really start from scratch.
I just looked at the stat line.
He's played two games there since he's been sent down.
He's got some great numbers, like a 9.50 save percentage
and below two goals against average.
So when he came out of Notre Dame, he was highly touted.
And at the time, Mike Stothers was still coaching with the Ontario Reign.
And I was like, hey, who are the guys to look out for?
And he goes, this Peterson guy is fucking nasty and net.
And he had a great two, three years or whatever he spent with Ontario.
Eventually he gets called up.
And it seemed like the idea was
you know he was going to be the backup at start to start then he was probably going to split time
with Jonathan Quick who was on the back nine of his career and then eventually take over as a
starter well I would say that Jonathan Quick had a really really good season last year and didn't
want to give up that net and I thought that Peterson was also pretty solid but it seems like
he's never really been able to take that next step and solidify that starting position.
And it's such a change already because you have to get in that mental state night over night.
And if it doesn't maybe come naturally at first, you have to find a way to figure it out and work with somebody to put yourself in that mind frame to be an NHL starting goalie 65 nights of the year.
So I wish him the best.
I heard he's a great guy.
He's very well-liked.
And sometimes you just got to go hit the reset button in the minors
to get back to where you were.
It's not a  this is not a thing that's like final either.
I mean, it's like Rob Blake talked about needing to just go down there.
And I think Bill Ranford's the goaltending coach,
and figure things out and gain some confidence.
And I'll say, I didn't make the team out of training camp my second year pro,
but it was the first year I was playing with an NHL season.
I went down, I had a great start in the AHL.
It's a little different than getting sent down,
but I was never in my career as confident as I was when I got called up.
I'll never forget it. Now granted, I was when I got called up. I'll never forget it.
Now, granted, the first night I was called up, I was on the five-on-three with Mario,
Sid, Recchi, and Gonchar in Jersey.
Dummied them.
Thanks for coming ahead and assist.
But I'll just say you have so much confidence from lighting it up down there that you don't
really think that you're at the other level.
You think about it and you appreciate it, but you're still confident once you're on
the ice.
So hopefully that happens for him.
about it and you appreciate it but you're still confident once you're on the ice so hopefully that happens for him it's also a little bit of a shot or I would think the players on LA would take it
as a little bit of a shot and kind of like we got to wake up ourselves because for a team last year
who pretty much thrived on discipline and structure and you saw them almost beating Edmonton in the
first round of like constantly shutting down high scoring areas and Quick was great no doubt but the team was tough to play against and they've just not
looked that way this year it's been it's been inconsistent play and it hasn't been a team that's
like figured out defensively how they want to play every game so the goalie ends up kind of being on
the short end of the stick Quick's numbers aren't great either so you could you could argue well is
it the goaltending or is it the team? It's probably a little bit of both.
Well, it's bizarre, too, because all those young studs that they have, the Velardes, the Durses, the Quinton Byfields,
those guys are a year older coming in, more experienced.
You lost Doughty for the back half of the season last year,
so you're adding him.
You go out and you sign Fiala.
This team should be better.
Who's playing well.
Who's playing great, but this team should be better than last year.
And I don't think it's fair to just blame goaltending.
So overall, this team needs a kick in the arse.
They had the old dreaded meeting after the 9-8 loss where it was just Rob Blake.
I think he was the only one addressing the team.
Oh, geez.
And when you got the GM, I was a part of some of those.
I was a part of a lot of those of those i was a part a lot of those
where the gm comes down and it is just a nightmare because you know you have disappointed the entire
fan base the entire management group the head coach and it's like we really got to figure
things out usually the practice right after that meeting is about as high paced and as intense as
you'll find so we'll see if the canes can figure it out. But it's been super inconsistent so far.
And that's a weak division, too.
Pacific?
Well, it's actually not as weak as you think.
With Seattle playing this well, and Edmonton's picking it up.
Don't sleep in them.
Your flames stink.
But other than that, I mean, it's not the best division in the league,
but it's not as bad as you're saying.
Vegas looks good.
Yeah, exactly.
Well, I mean, I guess with San Jose, I didn't think it was going to be good. Anaheim, those are easy points. the league but it's not as bad as you're saying vegas looks good yeah exactly well i mean i guess
with uh with san jose i didn't think was going to be good anaheim those are easy points you mentioned
horrible horrible holy shit all right guys i gotta talk to you about game time what a way to see a
concert a game a show game time is the best in the business if you want to see any single game this
season you need game time it's the ticketing app that makes it easier than ever to is the best in the business. If you want to see any single game this season, you need game time.
It's the ticketing app that makes it easier than ever to score the best deals on tickets to sports,
concerts, and shows, and they guarantee the lowest price.
If you haven't given game time a shot yet, I really don't know what you're waiting for.
They've made it so easy for us to get into all these different games,
whether it's NFL, NHL, or baseball.
You guys are going to love this app.
We've had tons of Barstool fans using it, hitting us up on social about the great deals they are getting.
And we've been using GameTime all year.
Download the GameTime app, go to the account tab to create a login, and redeem code CHICKLETS for 20 off your first purchase.
Terms apply.
Download GameTime.
Last minute tickets.
Lowest price.
Guaranteed.
Well, another team scuffling along a little bit, Biz.
The Rangers.
Cool.
They got biffed 5-2 Saturday at home by the lowly Chicago Blackhawks.
The Rangers, I'm sorry, the Rags have won just one of their last six games
and look like a shadow of the team that put up 110 points last season
en route to the Eastern Conference Finals.
In that Hawks game, Jacob Truba laid out another
one of his patented borderline
legal hits, this time on Andreas
Adler-Ciu. Pretty fucking
nasty hit. I thought he was going to at least get a call
from the Department of Player Safety. Didn't happen.
Did you think it was worthy of something, or was it a
It was a vicious hit.
I mean, I don't really like
to comment on that stuff anymore. If the league
wants to take it into their hands,
I will say that there was a point in time, three, four, maybe five years ago,
where I felt the NHL was moving back, getting to be too soft,
where I feel like it's been reignited with big hits.
You saw Darlene throw a monster one the other night.
More fights.
I like hockey the aggressive way, so I would lean towards no.
But Anthony Seale was not happy about it,
and he had some very strong words after the game, R.A.
Absolutely.
He said, that guy is known for hitting high,
not really worrying about the puck is out there
and almost trying to hurt people.
That's his game.
That's what he does.
He's an 8 million man with zero goals,
so he has to figure out how to do something when making that much if you can't help the team i guess you
try to hurt guys on the other team some very pointed words well i mean hey if you can if you
can lay big legal hits and you know guys end up going down it's you know it's within the rules
of the game but talking about the rangers oh i i said it last year and I was criticized.
I had Rangers fans coming at me, so I just went back right at them.
And they don't like it.
And when I tell them exactly what their team is, they play East-West hockey.
They give up a shit ton of high danger scoring chances.
They slapped Lipstick on a pig with a goaltender who won the Vesna last year.
And this year, he doesn't seem to have that same horseshoe stuck up his ass.
And he tends to be getting a little bit exposed by these high danger scoring chances.
So much so, at MSG, in their own building, Devils fans chanting,
Igor! Igor!
Wit, to reemphasize a point you made probably about four to six weeks ago
in the fact that Sorokin is a better Russian goaltender.
I said that what Shostakhin has accomplished is amazing.
Last season was one of the greatest seasons a goaltender has ever had.
But you can't repeat that.
It's like Kreider trying to repeat the 50 goals I mentioned this last week but
it was only a matter of time until Shosturkin came back to earth
can he still be one of the best and win more Veznas yes but like last season's
not going to happen two years in a row and my thing about Sorokin is he's
bigger he's stronger he's probably built for the NHL a little bit more in terms
of size and he looks easily to me as a frontrunner for the Vezina right now.
So I'll say this about the Rangers.
It was supposed to be this special season, and Trouba got named the captain, and I know he's battling an injury.
It's been made public that he's got this upper body injury that happened during training camp.
So who knows if he should even be playing, but he's playing horrible.
And you feel bad for a guy.
You get named captain, you have this huge contract,
you get all the pressure in the world after this amazing season,
and right now it's like nothing's going right for him.
He was playing with, what did I say before the year?
I think him and Keiondre Miller were the pair that played the most
out of the entire league together.
He played with Zach Jones on the third pair last game.
I think he's been, I read here, he's been on the ice for, I want to say in 25 games, 27 even strength goals against.
And the team's only given up, I think, 54.
He's been on the ice for half the goals against.
That sounds like my stretch before they sent me over to play wing.
He just went on the ice for half the goals against the East. That sounds like my stretch before they sent me over to play wing.
So it's like this team is a pretty average team.
I like saying mid.
That's my word.
I'm like the young guys now.
I like the team's mid.
It's a mid team.
I don't really know what else to say besides that they better hope that they somehow can get Patrick Kane in a trade.
And they do have the cap room opened up with the Reeves deal,
but Patrick Kane just played against them and was probably like,
why would I go to this team?
They're not winning shit.
I want to go to a team that can win the cup.
I mean, they do hold all the cards.
They're going to decide where he wants to go,
the exact same way Giroux did with the same exact agent in Pat Bresson.
So I feel bad for Trouba, especially battling injury, and you got to
give him credit. He's there. He's answering questions to the media. He's doing his job
and being a captain, and he stepped up and he fought Kachuk with an injury. But man, it's tough
going right now for that entire team and a bunch of guys who had career years that kind of more
than likely just weren't going to be able to repeat it.
And before we get to that, the two captains going out at center ice, which was an awesome scene.
One thing that New Jersey fans and a lot of other fans around the league for a fan base is very obnoxious and loudly online is they're reminding them that these guys who they thought were going to take the next step.
They're just not doing it.
People are saying that Capococco's game has been a lot better.
He's possessing the puck better, bringing it to the net.
Second overall.
Just does not have any finish.
And, you know, it's just like, you know, horseshoes.
What's the saying?
Close only counts in horseshoes and hand grenades, right?
And he's not scoring many goals.
Lafreniere has not taken that next step either.
So you get this third line who had this magical run in playoffs
who's not really contributing the way that they did.
The team looks flat.
Larry Brooks had some comments about him.
But even the top dogs, like, yeah, they might be getting their cookies here and there.
But overall, for what they're giving up defensively
and how they're opening up the game, the East-West game, as I say,
they don't like to play very north-s smash mouth type of hockey they're just not having that same magic
they had last year and in a sense of exchanging these chances and getting them stopped at one
and then going in at the other we all knew that crider wasn't going to score 50 again that was a
magical what do you have fucking 28 on the power play for crying out loud. It's just they ain't going in like they were last year.
And right now they are in trouble.
We talked last week about a potential coaching change.
I think some of the frustration from the fan base is maybe in the press conferences.
There doesn't seem to be a lot of answers.
It just seems to be.
I don't think they have many answers.
Just regurgitating the same thing.
I don't think they have many answers. Just regurgitating the same thing.
So I personally think that with no structure in place
or not much of a structure in place,
they're not going to be able to figure this out.
Right now they're just treading water already,
and if they don't figure it out quick with that division
and now the fact that New Jersey's in their division, right?
Yes.
All of a sudden they're the frontrunner in the division.
And the Islanders are ahead of them. And the Islanders are ahead of them.
And the Islanders are ahead of them.
There's not much breathing room there in order to squeak in.
So they've got to figure out this problem.
They've got to figure it out quick.
And I can't really name any other problems they have right now
other than everybody's playing like shit.
What was that?
Besides the 40 we just mentioned.
Yeah, Larry Brooks wrote,
Season has devolved into a joyless exercise for Rangers.
Essentially every one of them, including the coach, seems defeated.
There's no spark.
There's no life.
There's no confidence.
There's no belief.
And that's why Trouba got off the ice after that fight.
And Hum trickled his helmet.
He threw his helmet and he was screaming at the bench.
It's like, wake up.
How many different times can you say it in the locker room?
All right, I'll try to fight.
I'll try to get the guys going this way.
But I saw a bunch of Rangers fans tweeting after that.
Nobody did a thing.
Panarin's floating around out there.
It's just like that tweet said from Larry Brooks.
It's just kind of blah right now.
And these fans, they're idiots.
They won't stand for it.
They're morons.
They'll probably sucker punch a fan of the other team leaving the game.
It's very mid, as the kids are saying.
You know what?
Another reason the idiots is like, I call them the rags.
I mean, fucking all the time.
Okay, this one I'm glad you brought up.
Go ahead.
Okay.
And they think I'm insulting their team.
They cry.
They literally fucking whine all the time.
That's all they do online.
And I'm like, you don't get it. If if i'm gonna pick on your team i'm gonna be blunt
and what fucking you're gonna know i'm gonna and they cry i'm like i call them the fucking rags
because when i was in college the new york post was fucking the closest paper you get and they
called them the fucking rags in every headline that's literally why i call them the rags because
the new york post called them fucking rags all the time in headlines and it wasn't being derogatory
and these idiots are like oh you're fucking making fun of our team to call them i'm like because the New York Post called them fucking rags all the time in headlines, and it wasn't being derogatory.
And these idiots are like, oh, you're fucking making fun of our team.
I'm like, no, I'm just calling them with the fucking local paper.
I got a question for you.
Because they don't like the nickname.
Is it on their Wikipedia page?
Oh, fuck Wikipedia.
Well, I'm asking because that's the official stamp of approval.
I don't know.
I didn't check Wikipedia unless there was a properly sourced link. You should DM Larry Brooks and ask him if that's an actual fact, if you can call them the rags.
Oh, I mean, New York Post did forever.
I don't know if they still do.
But is the New York Post a legitimate paper?
It's debatable.
But the point is, it's like I'm not doing it to fucking rank on you.
Again, it was from the newspaper.
That's where I got the nickname from.
But you are kind of ranking on them using it.
You know it pisses them off.
Well, because they cry about it,
so I'm not going to stop using it.
I know, but you can't say you're not using it.
But when I originally used it,
I mean, fucking blogs from the last 15
years, it wasn't, it was, that's what I called it.
It wasn't to fucking piss anybody off.
So I'm not going to, because they're getting pissed, I'm not going to
stop using it because it pisses them off.
Okay.
We should do a Twitter poll.
I dig it.
Okay.
So, yeah, man, you do got to wonder what is something going to give soon,
whether we talk about Gallant and his coaching history.
I mean, is it the roster?
Is it last year in an anomaly?
What's Drury's role in all this?
A lot of questions remain.
Pretty hard to put it on the coach, though,
when everybody's not playing very well.
Yeah, I agree.
It's just weird.
He gets gassed in his third year
with teams, correct? That's what's happened
on every single team. So it's like, who
knows? I'm not in the locker room, but
it's not going to remain status
quo the way it is much longer because
they have a huge game tonight.
So you're listening to this Tuesday where they play the Blues
at MSG. Let's see how tonight goes.
Well, they lost to Ottawa, and that's what we're going to get back to.
That's crap.
Wow.
What a game by Brady.
Here's another one the kids are saying.
What do we got?
When Matthew Kachuk came on, no cap.
No cap?
No lie, right?
No cap.
That means no lie.
Brady Kachuk, biggest power forward in the game right now.
He does it all, folks.
He's having a monster year offensively,
and that scrap was a throwback scrap.
This wasn't the jersey jabs like old pussy busy boy would do
because I was afraid to get punched in the square in the nose
and break it again.
These guys were chucking bombs at each other.
I didn't know Trouba could throw like that either.
So that's, to me, more of that in the National Hockey League,
more power forwards, and that's fucking bringing the business.
And that night, OT winner for Brady Kachuk was the Gordie Howe hat trick.
Actually, no, he got the Gordie Howe hat trick when he tied the game
with the goal he pulled.
And then he got another goal in overtime to win it.
But yeah, center ice fucking, it was like a boxing match.
Two captains.
Two captains.
Two captains going at it.
Well, everyone immediately thinks to the, oh, actually, I guess LeCavier wasn't the captain then, right?
When he fought again in the finals.
Anderchuk was captain that year.
So I don't know why I thought of them two.
I guess LeCavier being a captain later on.
But two captains squaring off is as good as it gets.
Awesome fight, too.
And that was actually true.
He had three fights in two nights.
He also fought
Kyra, Jujai, Kyra, Chicago
he knocked him out last year
so Kyra had some payback he wanted to get on him
and Trouba was willing to go
also I sent the clip of
Claude Giroux watching the fight from the bench
that was awesome you know when you watch a fight
you kind of go on this stuff so it was pretty cool to watch that
but going back to Brady man
his goal gives the Sens their third straight win.
People are talking about DJ Smith not too long ago.
I mean, the Sens, six points back of the wild card,
still got 58 games to play.
Can they get back into the race?
I think, well, we talked about it before the year
and saying that they were going to be fighting for that wild card spot,
but their D is just so thin.
I don't know when Sherratt's coming back.
With Sanderson playing the way he is, obviously that's a massive help,
but no, they're going to be on the outside looking in.
Ever since, though, Brady did stick up for DJ Smith in his comments,
basically saying, back off, man.
There's more issues in fish to fry than our head coach right now.
He has not only elevated his play, but the team has.
So it's good to see.
It's given some Canadian market objective life in them,
and it would be good to see them playing competitive games down the stretch
and not be out of things by Christmas.
It's kind of weird to see Debrinkat.
He's got six goals.
And earlier in his career, he had 28 his rookie year.
He went 41 the year after.
The following year, his third year, he only had 18.
He only had 18.
So last year he has 41 in Chicago, and this year he has six.
I don't know if after he gets 41, for some reason, he slows down a little bit.
But they need him to get going because if he can get going while they're winning here
and changing things up a little bit, then you never know.
It's just so many teams in front of them, and it's going to be too hard with their start, I believe.
And they're going to lose more games, right?
The D is weak, but it's at least good to see them play some kind of upbeat hockey
because DJ Smith, it is a coach you felt bad for a little bit.
It seems like the guys love him and respect him,
and he just couldn't get anything going with that team.
Hey, you know who's got cap space for Patrick Kane?
The Ottawa Senators.
Yeah, I'm sure he'd be going to Ottawa.
Well, hey, man, maybe he wants to link up
with his boy Debrinkit and get him back
in the score sheet because they had such good chemistry.
And that team's on the up and up, so don't think...
Hey, don't shade my
rumor, Mel.
Cam Talbot playing well is late, too.
The Senators looking, I think, a lot more like we expected
at the beginning of the year. Yeah, at least competitive.
Yeah, exactly. Brady, 12 goals, 17 assists, 29 points in 24 games played.
I think they call his dad Big Walt.
He's like Lil Walt, even though he's probably bigger than him.
He plays just like his dad.
He's the same style.
No cap, dog!
No cap!
A treat to watch him play.
But how about this?
Brady became the first player with the game-tying goal in the final minute of regulation
and then the game-winning goal in the final minute of
OT since his brother Matthew
did it with Calgary, October 31st
2019 against the Predators.
Matthew returned to Calgary for the first time
since the big trade. He got a nice
reception. I like what they did.
They gave him the nice one early and then they booed
him the rest of the evening.
Sarah McLaughlin?
I'm thinking of sick puppies and kittens right now.
I know, don't do it to me.
That's the montage they put on when a guy comes back.
I will remember.
That's what they put on there?
I believe they played that when Wayne Gretzky retired
and he came out and was waving it.
That was Tina Turner, Simply the Best.
You're simply the best.
Good call, Biz.
Fuck, this is the Rumor Boy podcast.
I'm sure there was more than one song played.
It was like probably... I'm sure it wasn't that Debbie Downer, Sarah McLachlan
fucking adopt a three-legged dog.
Yeah, fucking Tina Turner, baby.
Great voice, though.
Great voice.
Thank you.
Who, Sarah McLachlan?
No, Biz.
I think Biz has a fantastic voice.
I think I have an extremely underrated voice.
I agree.
I could actually sing Christmas carols.
Really?
Yeah, I'm good at Christmas carols.
Another former Flame who returned back to the gallery,
Sean Monaghan did it with the Canadians,
and he got kind of a little emotional in the press before the game,
talking about his time there,
and he got, I think, a minute-long standing ovation.
Obviously, he was there a lot longer than Matthew.
Did you get a chance to see that?
Pretty cool stuff, man.
Unfortunate how it all ended with the injuries last year,
but Daryl Sutter had some very positive comments,
said just how good of a guy he is,
salted the earth's human being,
came and brought his work boots every day.
Daryl's loving that.
And, man, Canadians got a good one
and a good guy to teach those young guys in the locker
room too so a lot of value and a lot of game left in monty um i i i think it was hard for him
probably kind of realizing how it ended maybe a little bit or i could be completely wrong maybe
he's thinking back to all those great years he had the special memories hockey in canada
and all the stuff that goes along with being a flame that he probably enjoyed watching that video.
But you could tell his teammates love him,
and it is cool to get that when you return home.
I think that he was drafted there.
He'll always remember there.
So the video was cool for me to see because when guys get emotional,
I think it's cool because you think back to what it took for players
to get to certain spots in their career,
and it's really hard not to get emotional.
So I understand.
Another Flames clip this week.
Goalie you had, Jacob Markstrom.
I just suck at hockey right now.
You can't get much more blunt than that.
I mean, you've got to appreciate the honesty, but we've got to keep going here.
Another goalie on the news this week.
Binnington, our buddy, Jordan Binnington.
I love this guy.
I mean, I love what's going on.
Well, Chief doesn't exactly love him right now.
Listen, I'm in the entertainment business.
What's happening with Jordan Binnington?
I'm in the winning business.
Well, yeah, and it probably sucks for him because the reason he's doing it is because he's frustrated with maybe the way he's playing.
He tried to hit Jordan Stahl earlier in the week and got bundled.
He's 230.
And then he ends up doing it to Jason Zucker.
And, I mean, if you want to read Berube's postgame quotes,
I'll just say this.
Every four to six weeks, I keep saying the four to six-week window,
there's a clip that shows up online with this guy being a complete donkey
on the ice, whether it's a scrum.
Last year he swung a sick at Nazem Qadri.
That was during the regular season.
We're not going to even get into playoffs and water bottle gate
and how that all went down.
So this guy is just a walking viral clip, man.
Gee, why don't you play the Berube clip?
Is this a case of Jordan just getting frustrated there?
Yeah, yeah, yeah, pretty much, and he's got to stop.
That doesn't help anything. Pardon stop. That doesn't help anything.
Pardon me?
It doesn't help anything.
Yeah, would you like him just to be more even?
Yeah, just play goal, stop the puck.
Yeah.
So that's a coach that you can tell is just fed up.
He's fed up.
And it's like the age-old line from coaches is just stop the fucking puck.
Just play goal.
It's a lot of times kind of meant for goalies who might leave the crease to go play the puck. Just stay in
the net and stop the puck. And what you say
is true. I think Binnington, now granted, he
won six in a row at one point when they got out of the skid,
didn't he? And now it's like
it's kind of turned back again where he's
losing, and you make a really good point. I think
for him to get out of it and as pissed
off as he gets, he ends up like getting physical.
He almost wants to fight someone. But the Zucker
clip, that was kind of...
He throws the glove kind of behind,
hits Zucker in the face. He goes
down, maybe a little bit of a dive. I don't know.
It did probably shock him enough where he goes flying into the
boards. But then he's yelling at Zucker
as he's skating to the boards. I think he
leaves that game. He got a 10-minute major
for inciting, correct? Inciting.
Inciting a riot, bitch. And he's like yelling
at the Penguins bench,
who's, what are they, up 4-5-1 at the time?
It's just like, as the coach of the Blues,
I can see Berube being like, enough's enough.
Like, hopefully you play great.
We've seen you play great.
If you play bad, let's stay out of this shit because it looks even more ridiculous when you're losing.
I would, I don't know the last time.
What an interesting cat he is.
Remember interviewing him?
When's the last time you could label an NHL goalie a rat?
Tim Thomas.
Tim Thomas, I think you could.
What?
I think you could.
Tim Thomas would bundle people when they'd come within two minutes of their crease.
But he wasn't a rat.
Not a rat.
I don't know.
He's always slashing people.
We'll put out a Twitter poll.
I'm not letting you guys bully me into this one.
We don't need to bully you into it.
It was just a stupid thing.
But I would say that...
Columbus is a top five city.
I would say that Bennington has established himself as an NHL rat.
And I can't remember the last time an NHL goalie did so.
And I'm not talking Ron Hextall.
Ron Hextall would do that, but then he would back it up by dropping the mitts.
and Ron Hextall.
Ron Hextall would do that,
but then he would back it up by dropping the mitts.
Bennington seems to be antagonizing,
but you never see him throw down.
You know who talked a lot of shit
from the bench is Martin Baron.
I think he does a lot of media now.
Am I thinking of the right guy?
Yeah, yeah, no.
In Buffalo.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
I've seen clips of him
chirping guys from the bench.
That's kind of a little ratty,
but I'm just trying to rack my brain.
It's a good call. Because I can name four instances in the last from the bench. That's kind of a little ratty, but I'm just trying to rack my brain. It's a good call.
Because I can name four instances in the last 12 months in which he's done something.
Going back to last regular season when he did the stick swing on Caudry in the playoffs.
Mind you, his playoffs is over and he's upset because he got injured from Caudry.
You go to Water Bottle Gate with him chucking a water bottle right on the TNT broadcast.
And now there's been a few instances this year.
We just talked about two last week with Jordan Stahl and then, of course, with Pittsburgh.
So I'm sure there's four or five other instances since he's been in the NHL.
You can go back to his AHL days when he's doing it.
Jordan Binnington, the rat king of NHL goaltenders.
Friend of the program
as well. Maybe he needs it to get going, Biz. I
think of that old Will Ferrell skit on
SNL as Neil Diamond. He's like,
this next song I wrote after I killed a drifter
to get an erection. You know what I mean? Like, he has to
fucking do something crazy to get in that mode.
I don't know. Pardon? You are a
sick puppy, buddy. Pardon? No, you remember
when Will Ferrell did Neil Diamond? No, I
know. And he's like basically
like had to kill a drift again it's like in other words you gotta do some crazy shit to get to this
like mental level and it's like that's what reminded me no that's a great actually i love
the more i keep thinking about i love the analogy thank you buddy thank you he's hey next hey next
thing you know bennington's gonna have a paint job with will ferrell and a fucking homeless guy
with a boner and shit. He gets picked up.
Something about Mary by Ben Stiller.
Bennington seems like the type of guy to fucking kill a homeless man.
That's how fucking crazy he is.
Either way, we love psycho goalies. Too much?
Too much?
Just go back and go and stop the puck.
Biz, we got to do a weekly TNT roundup.
You interviewed the Iza man.
The Iza planned this week.
He fucking gave you a great answer.
He said he wanted to party with you too instead of doing yoga.
Yeah, I don't think he's going to party with me.
I was banging on the press box door to his office, and he wouldn't answer it.
But Stevie Bong reps, it seemed like he wanted to talk hockey.
I mean, when he's talking hockey, you're just drawn in.
Talk had brought up a lot of the two- and three-goal leads being blown,
and he just talked about how the offense is created now
and how much the game is changing.
And obviously he's got a massive pulse on it.
And it's always good to be able to sit down with a hockey mind like that.
And we've been fortunate with the TNT broadcast.
We had torts the week before.
We got Stevie Y.
We're not going to roll the whole interview,
but you can go check it out online.
And then later on that night, we had Dion.
Dion Dreisaitl.
Double D.
Fucking guy.
So if you're Wiz, he's Dion, right?
He called me Wiz the first time he was on, and I asked him about Connor McDavid's hot tub again.
And it doesn't seem like Connor's having the boys over.
What do you make of that?
Well, Leon looks like Todd from Wedding Crash.
The painting was a gift
todd i'm keeping it check out the picture maybe memes can put them side by side when you interviewed
him i was like that's todd that coif was something legit cuddling in bed with vince vaughn tying him
up like a savage so i would understand mcdavid doesn't want to have a guy over his hot tub like
that so it's it's leon i mean don't know. I can't describe anything else.
But I would imagine that they're spending time at his house, no?
Like he's not going to be the captain that doesn't invite anyone over.
Apparently he is.
Next time we get McDavid on, if we do, if he's not question shame me,
I'm going to ask him about the hot tub and what temperature he keeps it at.
So back to Dion.
Then I got the chance because we were doing rapid fire with him,
and he doesn't really answer that long,
I asked him about that stick blade of his.
And I asked if it had a nickname.
He calls it the Burger Flipper.
I said, what about Barry?
You know that meme that memes kept posting?
Just because it's so, just a massive black blade.
I figured, why not call the thing Barry?
Oh, the guy from COVID that was a part of every link?
Every link.
Every link.
Just a huge cock.
I said, why don't you call it Barry?
It's my twig, Lexington Steel.
Have we talked about his blade on this podcast before and how big it is?
Definitely.
I don't even know.
I asked him if it was legal.
It's long and thick.
Long and thick. I mean, that sounds so interesting. No, just long and thick.
I wouldn't know anything about long and thick.
I know skinny and short like the back of my
hand.
All righty. Vancouver
forward Brock Besser. He was supposed to be scratched.
I'm sorry. Healthy scratch. Saturday night
versus Arizona. Coach Bruce Boudreaux
described it as tough love.
He's got 14 points in 18 games but not playing his best.
Besser said it hurt, hurt very bad when he didn't see his name on the whiteboard that morning.
It was Hockey Fights Cancer night.
Of course, he lost his dad back in May.
But it turns out Dakota Joshua had a late injury leading to Besser going into the lineup.
He scores the game-tying goal in the third period.
And the same night, Elliott Friedman reported that Canucks gave Bess's agent permission to talk to other teams about a potential trade so
so people were wondering basically a why is the team sitting if they're trying to shop and you
want to you know kind of showcase them a bit and also why would they sit him on hockey fights
cancer night knowing the emotional connection he had with his dad and uh to his credit Bruce
Boudreaux said hey I didn't know it was hockey fights cancer night that's not something coach
necessarily on his radar.
But the other part, though, why sit a guy, if you're going to have his agent look for a trade,
wouldn't you be better off playing him?
I know you don't want to get him hurt, but this is a situation where you kind of want to get the guy some ice, no?
Yeah, you don't want to create any negative attention around him,
because in some cases, maybe that would slip through the cracks,
where people were like, oh, maybe it's just the fit, right?
Maybe it's not for a lack of effort uh going back to the hockey fights cancer night
obviously that means a lot to brock besser he actually took warm-up in a jersey that has
father's name on the back of it very emotional night for him as he scores the the tying goal
for the vancouver canucks uh he had an opportunity in overtime too that would have sealed the deal on a very special night um but i have to back up bruce on this because you know when we were we were doing a
broadcast a couple weeks ago and i forget what team was on it but they were having their specific
hockey fights cancer night and i feel like they're they spread them out all throughout the month of
november and so for him to you know be managing the team and keep in touch with all that other stuff that's
going around, sometimes those slip through the cracks.
So obviously the semantics, is that the word I'm looking for?
The semantics of it all?
I think that's correct, but you're asking the wrong guy.
But so far you're hammering this.
The semantics of it all look horrible.
The optics.
The optics.
The optics.
I don't know where I got semantics of it all look horrible. The optics. The optics. The optics. I don't know where I got semantics.
But the optics of it all looked horrible,
but I'm glad that he was able to get in the lineup
because that would have just created more of a shitstorm around that fan base
who was very hostile to begin with during these difficult times.
Not to mention that the Horvat situation, he's not going back there.
Buddy, at this
Why would he?
So there's been a major, major disconnect into what needs to be done for the Vancouver Canucks
and what the owner wants for the Vancouver Canucks.
Because the owner listens to the fans, right?
I think the owner is  he wants to win.
He doesn't believe in these rebuilds.
And maybe when they were going through one partly, he was like, all right, got a win where it's like nah nah that's how that's not how it works
you got to be shit for a period of time until the window opens and then you strike aka the new jersey
devils who have now turned into a wagon and they have prospects up the yin yang and all these guys
are young and locked into these deals anyway i dig I digress back to Vancouver. So at this
point, it's like, why not get rid of Besser and maybe Horvat package deal, start getting some
assets in return and actually start and bring this thing to the ground in order to bring it back up.
When I say bring it to the ground, you still have some valuable pieces in there. You have Quinn Hughes,
I say bring it to the ground.
You still have some valuable pieces in there.
You have Quinn Hughes.
You have Pedersen there.
You have Demko.
So you have one significant player in each position.
Now continue to add these.
There's no way Horvat's coming back.
You have JT Miller, who you signed to that contract, who, I don't know,
some nights the body language, it's like he's frustrated. I feel like he might hate being there.
He just re-signed. He just re-signed. how is a guy like that going to turn down that type of money
so it's just a very confusing organization right now where there's a lot of turmoil you don't know
what's happening with the coach in one breath you hear some of the fans love bruce brudreau and in
the other the the feeling around the room is they're just waiting for the day he ends up getting finally fired.
And he's also under some  he doesn't have a contract.
So you throw the pressure in for the coach who's coaching game by game
that his job's on the line, which it pretty much is.
It adds this entire extra set of pressure and circumstances
that this team's dealing with in terms of the coach individually
feeling all this pressure, let alone this team's dealing with in terms of the coach individually feeling all this pressure,
let alone the team feeling it from the fans who are miserable,
also bringing up the fact that this team,
they didn't even have a good turnout at a Saturday night home game.
That was when Besser tied it up, correct?
Saturday night?
Yeah, against the Coyotes.
It's like a game around December, a Saturday night,
and it's like the crowd's like that.
It's just an odd time to be a Canucks fan and player
because there's so much confusion around so many different aspects of the club.
And there's no other draw in town.
They don't got a basketball team.
The Grizzlies want to go down to Seattle and watch the Kraken win some games.
Maybe that's where everybody's going.
But going back to Brock Besser, I think that the feeling is,
or at least in the past, was a great power play player who can put
the puck in the back of the net but sometimes five on five it's just the the offensive production
just isn't there if if he's not happy and hopefully he can find a way out of town because I do think
that his natural scoring ability can be used someone else somewhere else if put with the right
players I haven't even begun to think about where places that he could land.
I'm sure Elliott Friedman has dropped some potential teams
that would be interested who do have cap space.
Because off the top of my head, I want to say Brock Besser's making 6 million a year.
So I just got the thumbs up from Grinelli, and I am buzzing right now.
There you are.
You're feeling it.
My semantics are buzzing right now.
For two more years, too.
For two more years, too. For two more years.
So not a horrendous cap hit, especially with the cap going up, but maybe for a guy who
hasn't been able to produce consistently five on five, a bit of a risk.
Yeah, he's in the first year of a three-year, 19.95 million extension.
He's only 25 years old.
Still young.
6.65 AAV.
I mean, he's a four-time 20-goal scorer.
This might be a classic case of a guy who changes scenery.
It could be the best thing that could ever happen to him.
Oh, at this point, I think he would just take off.
And I don't know about scoring 30 or 40 somewhere else,
but he would be so happy to get out of there right now.
I don't even know the guy, and I can tell you.
If he got traded, he'd be fucking thrilled.
I'm not naming teams.
I can't think of one off the top of my head, but there's
shitload that's perfect for a top six.
I think Arizona would be a perfect fit for him.
He can start over.
They can take on the money. It's a place
where he's a name, so he'll get people in the seats.
I think it's a perfect fit.
He can live with me.
Definitely. He can live with me.
One other note on Vancouver.
Going Thatcher Demko, we just mentioned him.
He suffered a lower body injury while facing, did you see that barrage of Florida shots?
Four shots in a row they took.
Boom, boom, boom.
He missed the last one.
He's going to miss six weeks.
It looked like it could have been much worse.
So, friend of the program, Thatcher, get well, man.
We want to see you back out there.
And, boys, I think we should bring on Doan.
Shane Doan.
Love having this guy on.
His third appearance on Checklets. Just a great human being great guy and we're going to talk to him about what
he's been up to team canada and arizona the new gm of hockey canada shane doan all right guys it's
the wit dog here and i want to talk to you about peter millar when i'm golfing which is often which
is oh so often because i love that great game all i I wear is Peter Millar. I wore it before I was ever a host or co-host of the
Spit and Chicklets podcast, before the idea of Peter Millar ever being a sponsor was a twinkle
in my eye. I'm telling you, it is the best gear going. And right now, Peter Millar is starting
Peter Millar's Lava Wash Line.
It's perfectly designed for everything from weekends on the couch to casual Sunday brunches.
This is the type of gear you do not need to wear only on the golf course.
It looks great at a bar.
It looks great on a date.
It looks great hanging with your buddies.
It looks great doing anything.
And I'm telling you, if you want to go play golf and then go out, you get to wear Peter Millar and do both.
I really love it.
I love the shirts.
The actual, the quarter zips are amazing.
They make great pants.
Everything about every part of their company is top notch.
I would not tell you this if I didn't believe it and stand for this company myself.
Be sure to check out the full zip model at PeterMillar.com.
You can shop the hoodies and the rest of the Lava Wash line right now. PeterMillard.com, the best stuff in the golf world.
All right, it's been almost two years since we had this gentleman on the show,
and it's great to welcome him back for his third appearance here on Spit and Chicklets.
Arizona hockey legend and Team Canada GM Shane Doan,
thanks so much for jumping on the Spit and Chicklets podcast with us.
How you been, my friend?
I am doing really well. Thanks so much for asking on the Spitting Checklists podcast with us. How you been, my friend? I am doing really well.
Thanks so much for asking.
It's good to be back on here.
I always enjoy talking to you guys.
Why are you giggling like that when you're saying it?
Because I laugh every time.
Anytime that I'm involved in this, it makes me laugh and I enjoy it.
Because you don't know what's coming at you.
I don't.
I don't.
And it's that fun kind of excited feeling that you get to deal with.
It's great.
He's reading off a card
of what Biz told him to say
when he joined the show.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Donor, well, first of all,
congratulations, buddy.
So I guess your next move
with Hockey Canada
is putting together
the Spangler Cup team?
Yeah, yeah.
We're kind of getting that
all kind of organized
and going.
We found our coaches
and our assistant GMs and the support staff. So just kind of moving along and kind of organized and going. We found our coaches and our assistant GMs and the support staff.
So just kind of moving along, getting the players together now.
It's coming together nice.
I'm surprised R.A. hasn't mentioned it yet.
Claude Julien is going to be the head coach of Team Canada for Spangler Cup, right?
Not this time.
He's actually over there coaching right now.
That's why I didn't say it.
That's why he kept your your hammer in your
pants who's going to be the head coach because i know scott niedermeyer is going to be assistant
right come on tell me i'm not wrong on that one no you're right on that one travis green
that's right okay so but they're they're not i mean we haven't officially announced any of that
stuff so okay so shit should we just go back or maybe we'll bleep out the names
and leave it up to to everybody guessing and speculating if you knew i'm guessing a lot of
people know though yeah because donor can't shut his big yap around scottsdale everybody what are
you doing i think david maybe they have announced it someone said the other day they announced that
i was a gm and i didn't know that so I don't know much about what's
going on maybe they got to work on getting better press releases I think it's coming out like I'm
at 12th or something I've actually always been curious because that that team is it's pro guys
occasionally AHL but not often most of the time it's Canadian guys playing in Europe do you have
to deal with calling these you know um you these presidents or whatever it is over there,
the guys in charge of those teams,
and getting them to agree to let the guy go for a couple weeks?
How does it work getting in touch with all these different European clubs?
Yeah, that's exactly what it is.
You call up the GMs and the presidents of each club and kind of ask them,
hey, over your guys' Christmas break,
could we use this player, that player?
Most of the leagues don't let you do it.
Really?
Yeah.
It's getting tougher and tougher because the leagues are all getting so competitive and they have the championship league
or they have the champions league where they all play against each other.
Some of the leagues really like it with with team canada asking because it promotes their
leagues so a couple of finnish a couple of the finnish teams have uh have been really helpful
we got a kid from finland that's it's going to help us and um that plays over there because the
finnish is the finnish league is sending a team the swedish league is sending a team and so is the czech league so it's three those three
teams plus davos hombre and canada so those are the six teams that are in it and it rotates through
and uh it's a great i have you guys ever been there no but i heard it's a time it's unbelievable
it's incredible like it's it's one of the
like you know like Grace Bay Beach in Turks and Caicos?
Yeah, I've been there.
It's the nicest beach in the world.
That's amazing, right?
This is like the nicest chalet place in the world.
Like it's like on that level.
It's incredible.
So it's so nice.
So it would be like an Apres Ski met Oktoberfest met a hockey tournament.
Yeah.
I'm not sure what the first two were, but I know what the last one is.
Apres Ski is like after you go skiing where it's just like everyone's got like a bougie.
Basically like a dumb and dumber when he's handing out the hundreds.
Here you go.
Here you go.
With the IOUs.
Yeah, the IOUs.
That one's a Ferrari.
Those types of outfits.
And then Oktoberfest because there's a lot of drinking going on
during the Spangler Cup tournament, isn't there?
Well, with Donors Club, he'll have guys being pee-pee-whacked
if they're out too late.
Oh, duels.
They'll be drinking the 0.0.
No, they have  so Davos is a small town.
Like it's not a massive town.
It's only about 10,000 to 12,000 people.
It's not very big, but it is so well supported,
and this tournament is crazy, and the fans really get into it.
The building that they play in, they call it the Cathedral of Hockey
because it's all made out of wood.
It's fascinating.
The structure of it is amazing.
They've got a skating rink right on the outside it's fascinating the the structure of it's amazing and they got a they
got a skating rink right on the outside that's right at the base of the mountain so that you
can go outside and people are skating all the time outside and then there's probably about
25 000 to 30 000 people come into the town for the tournament and and then three weeks later
they have the world economic Summit at Davos.
And the World Economic Summit is significant.
Imagine Biz at that thing?
I don't even know what that is.
Please explain.
I mean, we've got a lot of listeners who have the IQ level of myself.
So what is exactly that you just said? said so it will be um anyone that is of significance in the economics in the world will be at it so
presidents of the united states are there um elon musk will be like it's like um the the the whole
town gets transformed into this place that is incredibly secure and incredibly done up.
And it's nice.
It's just an incredible place to go.
It's fun.
I know how Elon.
You would never get in there.
No.
I tried to get on that team, Biz.
The way that I hear that Elon Musk parties, I might be able to get in there.
I heard those tech geniuses party like maniacs.
They don't really do much drinking.
It's all hard drugs. Well, look at that guy
from FTX. He was probably
invited there before he took down billions
and billions of innocent people's money.
But those people, they're psychopaths.
They're lunatics.
But I was going to say, Davos
is so beautiful. It's this
amazing ski town. The rink is unreal.
I tried getting on the team.
The GM said he'd call me back and never did.
But Joe Thornton played there.
I think Joe Thornton's wife's from there.
He's played three different years, three different times.
He'll be there.
Oh, he'll be there?
He'll be there because he'll go back for Christmas.
Oh, nice.
They spend a ton of time there.
I talked to Joe, and they spend a ton of time going back and forth.
Him and Rick Nash played together on that team in davos when uh during one of the lockouts and then he skated with them up until a little bit
and there was like we definitely crossed there hey maybe joe wants to come but he'd stop skating
and is enjoying california so we were thinking that would have been a nice little wild card
you mentioned one of the uh we bleeped out the name but but let's talk about Scott Niedermeyer helping out.
Come on, who cares if that's  maybe that's a little nugget we give the fans
that he's going to be the assistant.
How did you guys talk him into doing that?
And, I mean, that's such a valuable acquisition to help out
with these defensemen over there.
Oh, you know what?
Scotty, his boy and my boy play together, and then over the years,
him and I have become pretty good friends and I just,
I enjoy him so much.
He's such a good man to be around.
He looks like a professor.
If you see him now,
it's absolutely hilarious.
I just,
he's a guy that is on another level with the way that he sees and thinks the
game.
So we asked him and he was,
he was excited.
And I know that Lisa and the kids were excited,
and so it's an opportunity for them all to come.
He's probably just going to stay over there for that summit.
That's how big of a nerd he looks like off the ice.
He does.
That's not an insult either.
That's just how intelligent of a hockey mind he was.
He beat you with his smarts just as much as his skills.
Which is absolutely incredible. Sitting and listening
to him talk about hockey is so cool
because he doesn't
talk a lot about hockey
but when he says stuff
it's so good to hear. The one thing he
said to me the one time that I
asked him what makes him so good
and he was like, well, I was just
extraordinary at the ordinary.
He said, if I pass the puck i pass it flat
and i put it on the guy's stick in front of him he's like so i just did that all that stuff really
well and i was like well and you could skate better than everybody else i mean that that might
have helped a little bit but but his theory is that to just be do the ordinary stuff extraordinarily
well and you'll be successful and And that's what he does.
And so I think that's huge, especially for guys now.
Like, everyone wants to, I mean, do the Michigan
and do all this stuff where they flip the puck in the air.
And that's great.
Like, if you can do that, that's a huge asset.
But if you can pass a puck flat to the guy that you're supposed to pass a puck flat to,
then you're going to have a chance.
And that's what he did.
Well, Donor, that's one of the reasons I wanted to get you on
and talk maybe a little bit about the state of hockey.
I know that you've been helping out with the Arizona Coyotes on the ice.
You were with them during training camp.
What's your feel on the way and the evolution of the game
and where it's headed?
It's absolutely crazy at how fast and quick their decision-making is.
I think when us joined the league, it was,
and I was a, I was a ways ahead of you guys would buy a few years,
but it was like, if you wanted to work on your shot after the,
after practice, you'd like take 50 pucks,
set them in a certain on the face off dot and take wrist shots from the face
off dot, which is great.
And then as my career kind of moved along, you'd give a pass and then one-time it.
So you'd catch a pass, one-time it, or you'd get a one-timer and shoot the puck.
Then as it moved on further, it was like, well, I'd start with the puck,
I'd pass it to you, you pass it back to me, and now I one-time it.
And that was kind of the progression.
And now they're at this, I mean, now you talk to guys and they're going as fast as they can giving a pass receiving a pass and make and taking the shot and now they're adding all the toys that they bring onto the ice
it looks like it's hilarious they have like it's like the golfers when they got those things on
their head when they're trying to practice like tin cup when he's in his trailer. Yeah, yeah.
And then he takes it, remember, and he tells them,
take all the quarters out of your left pocket,
put it in your right pocket.
And I think there's an element to that that's true.
Without a doubt.
Stop thinking.
Yeah.
But now they do.
The other day we were doing a drill where you start at the blue line
and you have the puck.
You pass it across to the blue line.
You both take off. You have to go past the puck, you pass it across to the blue line, you both take off.
You have to go past the pad,
pass it back across to the other guy who has a choice to one time it or to
catch it and release it.
But he has to shoot through a pylon of like a tripod pylon and has to get
through them and has to be in the top half of the net. I'm like, what?
Like it's,
it's crazy on how they're creating these situations where
your mind has to think all the way from when i broke into the league it was like well you want
to work on your shot okay here's 50 pucks go shoot from the face off dot and it's like ah
that's probably not as the same as what i can't even wipe my ass without getting shit on my
fingers and you want me to do that little fucking drill for crying out loud like give me a break man
no but i hear you because you see these videos of like mcdavid mcdavid training and stuff and
you're like this is a fucking joke how fast he's going and doing going through all these pylons and
like dishing it getting back and then quick little backhand sauce at the top of the net
it's the game's getting to an insane level it is they when austin matthews and and conor mcdavid
were down here business during the like when covid and everything was going on so austin matthews and and conor mcdavid were down here business during the like when
covid and everything was going on so austin came and skated and those guys were skating with me
it was like i would have paid to go out on the ice and watch like i played in this league
yeah no i never played in that league i know that i didn't plan those what they were doing
with passing the puck and making a hockey move,
they'd be going as fast as they can, have a pylon,
and instead of just going around the pylon,
they have to catch the puck and make a hockey move around it at top speed
and shoot it before the next pylon.
You're just constantly trying to speed up their mind and their processing.
The processing is what's amazing to me.
And then they implement it in the games.
If I tried something, and I've seen you goofing around
and doing stuff when you were playing too,
and YouTube is where we do stuff that would be fun,
but we would never dream of doing it in a game.
No.
Ever dream of doing it in a game.
Because the coach would have benched you.
I would be in the press box for another 10 straight.
But these guys think that they can do it, and then they do it, and it works.
Did you see the guy the other night where he did a 360,
came down on the D-man, put his stick hard down on the puck?
I saw that.
What league was that?
I don't know, but I'm like, now everyone's seen it,
and now everyone's going to do it.
And that's what's probably changing the most is that when the kids see it,
Josh and his team, they see that and they're like,
so now next day in practice are trying and doing it.
And they're like, I'm going to do it in a game.
I'm like, you're kidding that you think you can do that in a game.
And it goes, and I'm not, I don't ever take away from it,
but it does go back a little bit to what Scotty said.
And you heard what Tord said the other day, which I love Tord,
but there is an element
of just understanding the game like that is a skill is understanding the game not just having
the skills but understanding the point of the game is to score goals and to win the hockey game like
if you're up three one with six minutes to go do not go try doing the michigan because you don't need to like now
you need to make sure that you just win the game now you're down by a goal and you're behind the
net it's different but um yeah you just you got to understand the game and sometimes i think that's
sometimes missing but it's so fun to watch the stuff they can do and i love the skill and i love
that side of it well that's why that's why i asked stevie why when we had him on i said you get a
chance to maybe uh grill some of these kids
that you're drafting about the way that their mind's able
to process situational hockey.
Not the skill stuff, but in games, understanding structure
and playing above the puck, puck management,
up 2-1 late in the game, what you're going to do with that puck
instead of trying that fancy move.
Now, from being involved with a little bit of the management side
and helping out with the Coyotes, is that something that you guys
are able to talk to these young kids about?
Yeah, you do.
You try to because you want the game to  the game's a two-man game.
Like, if you look at the guys that run, I think that's probably what's
well, I guess Hintz is running with Robert, with Robertson right now,
but it always is pairs.
Like if you go through the leading scorers in the league,
there's always two.
It's almost, you go through it where it's obviously McDavid and Dreisaitl,
but like Mitch Marner and Austin Matthews,
you go to Kucherov and Stamkos or Kucherov,
he can kind of go brings other people along with him.
I think that's what makes Sid so incredible
because he seems to bring someone.
You look at Gensel and what he's doing, it's incredible.
But it's a two-man game, and I think too often we play,
when you talk to the kids about this,
you need to encourage that side of it with the skills.
It's a give-and-go game.
It's give and
get it back jump around fake that you're passing beat the guy one-on-one that's how the game is
is really designed to be played and when the guys do that i mean that's what makes boston's line
so good is that they use each other so well and i don't think any one of those three guys maybe
pasternak and you know marchand's skilled too but they're not the most skilled guys in the league.
They just understand the game better than everybody else,
and they move the puck well, and I think it's fun to watch.
Who do we have on who was like, give and go, give and go?
I don't remember, but I remember laughing.
Who was that?
It was somebody, I think it was for Kozlov when he was with the Thrashers.
It might have even been Armdog.
Yeah, it might have been.
Because the given goal almost became a bit of a lost art,
where at one point in time, that was how you would beat defenders.
Well, what's interesting to me is hockey IQ, like you guys are saying,
it may not be the Michigan and all these, but it's like if you're a scout,
that's probably the number one thing you're looking for, I'd say.
Maybe speed. I'd like to talk to a bunch of different scouts now, but hockey IQ is where it's like if you're a scout, that's probably the number one thing you're looking for, I'd say. Maybe speed.
I'd like to talk to a bunch of different scouts now.
But hockey IQ is where it's at.
And the other thing I think about nowadays with the skill level is we didn't have, not that we could have done it, but we didn't have YouTube.
And these kids now, they sit around and they watch YouTube and they watch McDavid over and over and over.
And you can see all these different moves from all around the world on YouTube.
So that's definitely a changer.
But I'm wondering with your son,
who's having a hell of a year with Arizona State,
he's a great player.
Was he into that stuff early on,
watching all the guys you were playing against
constantly on YouTube?
Like, I'm curious how it goes for younger kids now.
And you saw it firsthand with your own son.
Yeah, huge.
Because they would see something
and then they'd watch it in slow motion and they'd send it to each other and then watch it again and watch it again.
Where, like for us, if we saw it on ESPN or TSN, it was like, did you see the highlight last night?
And they're like, no, I missed it.
Oh, man, you should have seen it.
And then we're trying to explain.
We're trying to explain it to the guy.
No, I was at the W. Scottsdale.
Biz like breaks his wrist trying to do the move out on the ice. Exactly. I was balls deep at the W. Scottsdale. He breaks his wrist trying to do the move out on the ice.
Exactly.
I was balls deep at the W. Scottsdale.
What happened?
Yeah, or you got that going on.
It's crazy now.
They show it to each other.
They slow it down.
They send it to each other.
They send it to me.
I send it to them.
It is. I agree with that's 100 a huge huge difference and the one thing that's negative about that and i and this is my old guy kind of come out me is that the kids don't watch the whole
game and so sometimes and so because of that they see them they see a play like that. And the reason it's a highlight is because it never happens in a game.
If it happened all the time, we wouldn't watch it.
It's a highlight.
So they think that, well, that's what I got to do.
And I'm like, well, for 58 and a half minutes of the game, it's pretty simple.
You have to do all the other stuff.
And then in about a minute and a half of spread out throughout the game there's these highlights that are that are created and the kids seem to
watch the highlights more than the actual game and I think the hockey sense comes from watching
hockey like you watch hockey and you start to pick it up and the story of Wayne Gretzky following the
puck with his pencil and on the ice and seeing where the puck always goes so that he knew where
to go and that's the stuff that it just I mean that was like the first analytics of the ice and seeing where the puck always goes so that he knew where to go.
And that's the stuff that it just, I mean,
that was like the first analytics of the game.
And it was how long ago that he did that.
And that's the stuff that I find fascinating.
I wanted to ask, because Biz had mentioned to me
you were with Arizona or helping him out a little bit,
but that kid, Dylan Gunther, I mean,
I think he's going to go play World Juniors.
Is that true or no?
Yeah.
But what a player.
What a start to his young career.
And then Arizona had three first-round picks last year.
So it is becoming a more exciting time,
but I didn't know what you saw in that kid.
He actually stayed with me for the first 10 days when he came into town.
Did you have him doing the construction on your house that's going on right now?
Yeah.
He's building a chapel in Donor's house.
No, that was biz when he comes back from TNT.
He's making 12 an hour, helping you out.
He's building one of the pews right now.
Oh, don't swear.
Todrick.
Don't listen to him. He won't stop. so he stayed last year not this year last year with us and he was i we have biz you know the
hockey room where i have this hockey room where you shoot pucks and stuff and the kids and a
bunch of the players have came by and shot in the in the hockey room and it's it's about 40 feet
it's like a garage that i turned into
like it's got hockey boards and the net in there and he so i came walking in he was already in
there shooting which already made me like him because he went straight in there to shoot at
pucks and he released the puck and it's actually startled me like i had to turn and look his
release is so effortless and so hard.
And it looks like if I'm shooting the puck hard, it starts like in my toes.
Like I am like.
Oh, yeah.
I'm like.
Oh, yeah.
Your teeth are gritting together.
Yeah.
I'm grinding my teeth.
And goalies have about, you know, a second and a half to two seconds to like tap their hands, shrug their shoulders.
And then when this kid does it it's like effortless and it you watch it jump on goalies
and they fight it off like they're even if they make a save it's they still startles them and he
did that we were doing that drill the other day and he caught a puck so we he we pass a puck and
jump by and he takes a shot and it goes like just under the bar.
Perfect shot.
One timer.
And it was incredible.
And he skates back to the line like no smile, no nothing.
I'm like, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa.
Settle down.
Yeah.
You're impressed with that yourself.
Don't act like that didn't just impress you.
But he's a great kid.
And I think he's going to have a  I really, really like him.
And he's way more's a great kid and i think he's going to have a i really really like him and
he's he's way more than just a shot he has a great iq and our coaches have a lot of confidence in him
and in playing in all situations have you asked him how he's been able to to like develop that
craft well he said and he's like this is he gives credit to obviously austin and those guys that
have changed their shot and that top hand that the
top hand pulls as a bottom hand pushes and it gets more kick in their stick i don't totally
understand science yeah yeah you were bringing it you were wristing it you were bringing it back
way behind you i remember getting loading up on my back foot and then i need the weight transfer
and then anyways and then i rolled it from my heel to toe and then released yeah um but these guys are doing it a little bit different
that's it's so cool to watch because his hands and his his uh the processing again is so quick
and that mcbain kid does it incredibly well and we got some young guys with um jj moser coming in and how about michelle
and michelle unbelievable i think he's a he's a fun player to watch out there he's a little
water bug and he's from finland like i thought he was from milan yeah yes michelle michelle
some somebody might want to give the nhl a heads up and put his picture on the page that's kind of
a tough look he's got he's almost at a point per game.
You can't even see his screen.
I know.
And he's got your guys' symbol in the back for his head shot.
The chicklets logo.
Hey, ask him if we could sponsor him,
and we could put that up, actually, on NHL.com.
You know what?
If they don't have a picture for it,
they should just put your guys'  say, hey, we'll give you our head guy.
Yeah, I'll send him a bill.
I would actually  if you ever talk to him, I'd like to interview him
because he played in the USHL for two years, then went back to play in Finland.
I wonder why, if he wanted to go to college and came over here,
but interesting story.
But I had another question, and that relates kind of to the big news
for the Coyotes, and that is I believe it was the city council whoever okayed the new arena in scottsdale now it goes to i don't know like the
the citizens can vote or the the town but probably cool for you to be a part of all that i'm guessing
considering there's a picture you put in the shovel in the ground 40 years ago it seems like
in scottsdale yeah yeah yeah he's got the same contractor doing his house. That's why it's not finished.
McDavid's?
They just poured the foundation.
You know what?
It is.
It was really cool.
That's something that as an organization, we haven't made it easy.
We haven't done it the easy way.
Hockey the hard way.
God, no.
Hockey the hard way.
But at the same time, this is big. You know what? God, no. off um and he was just staying in the middle and when the vote went through 7-0 he said at the end
like this is a really really good deal for tempe and this is a good deal for the citizens and that
out of everything that came out him getting on board with it was probably the most important
and you hope that uh the votes may 16th if that goes through, then we can try sticking another shovel in the ground and try and do this all over again.
So that would be nice.
And it would be a great location.
City of Tempe's done a good job of kind of revitalizing the downtown.
It feels like a major city downtown.
Don't know.
What's the feeling among the locals?
A lot of optimism that the vote's going to go through.
Yeah.
Yes.
I,
from people,
but people come talk to me.
They're going to say yes.
There's not a lot of people coming up to me being like,
we hate you and please leave.
So that's,
um,
the other than that guy harassing Bettman at the press conference,
you see him.
Oh,
I was there.
I was, yeah. Who was that guy? The mayor of Gl the press conference. You see him? Oh, I was there.
Who was that guy? The Mayor of Glendale.
Was it? No.
I just made that up.
Where's my money, bitch?
The Mayor of Glendale also works at Fuddruckers, too. Yeah.
Just to answer,
yeah, I do believe that it's positive when we voted though
in scottsdale the people voted 71 39 in favor and then um or so sorry 29 in favor 71 29 in favor
and then 68 to 32 in favor because they made us do it twice and both times we won so
um this is different because the city's already voted in favor at 7-0 where in the past they
didn't have the the city hadn't agreed yet so um i i'm excited i i hope it works because
if they do it right this place could become one of the staple places in the whole league.
And that's the part that's so exciting because that's, I mean,
my belief the whole time.
And, hey, everyone can throw rocks at us because we've made it easy.
We've handed them a lot of rocks to throw.
But at the same time, I do believe, and I have seen it,
that it can work here and not just work, but really, really flourish.
I like when they got all the tinfoil hat people that speak at some of these.
It has nothing to do with the rink itself.
It's like they're talking about Area 51 and spacecrafts and shit
buzzing around.
You're like, ah.
That's you in 20 years.
It's like, we're not here for that, sir.
Don't I want to go back to Team Canada stuff from it.
Obviously, no World Cup coming up, you know, geopolitical situation.
The world kind of screwed up.
What is the future of best on best tourneys now?
Is it just going to be Olympics only?
Are they going to go back to World Cups?
What's your take on that?
Well, I think the World Cup would be amazing because you get an opportunity to see there's nothing like seeing the best on the best.
Like you start to look at what the U.S. has on their team
and what Canada has on their team and the Swedes and the Finns
have came out of nowhere to be one of the dominant national teams.
And the Czechs and Slovaks have this young core that's kind of coming up
that in the next four or five years will be significant. And, and then obviously Russia and it's,
it's going to be hockey is so much more than just a couple of countries.
It's eight, nine, 10 countries. And, and I think that would be,
it's just so much fun to imagine seeing, you know,
seeing McDavid playing with McKinnon and, and seeing Matthews playing with, you know, seeing McDavid playing with McKinnon and seeing Matthews playing with, you know, the guys on the American team with Patrick Kane and the goaltend.
I think that it's inevitable that it will happen.
And when it does, I can't wait to watch it.
I remember 96 so well.
Me too.
Obviously, that was one of the coolest things.
I was devastated as a Canadian.
I liked, obviously, 87 way better.
But 96 was so cool with JR and Walt being on that team
and being here and seeing that happen.
It was great for our sport.
I think we have to think bigger than just local.
And when you do the world stage, it just promotes the sports around the world.
And you look at what happened just  and I know this is kind of off top,
but you look at what just happened with Team Canada's soccer team,
where they made it after 36 years.
And the amount of soccer that is, I mean, soccer has been growing in Canada for a while,
but it's influenced and it's had a dramatic shot in the arm for it
with them making it to the World Cup.
And so when you get a team like Germany that's starting to have some players
that are starting to really become significant on the world stage in hockey
and give them an opportunity with Dreisaitl and Stutzel and those guys,
all of a sudden you're like, okay, this is  it gets Germany involved.
It brings in all the other countries, and I think it's great for our sport.
It gives me goosebumps to think about where the state of hockey is at
and where it's growing to.
I just wanted to touch briefly on that and how these other countries
are catching up.
There seems to be a bit of a problem in Canada in a sense of the affordability
of hockey.
How are they going to figure that out?
Because if they don't figure something out at a certain point,
I believe that these other countries are going to surpass canada from from a skill and relevancy level
and at the at the world stage yeah it's it's going to be as the world comes smaller and smaller with
everybody having the like we talked about from youtube and it's not like it's just happening
in north america like if you're a kid that's playing now in Slovenia,
you're going to watch Kopitar and think that, okay,
I got a chance to play and I'm going to make, I'm going to,
I see what he's doing and I'm working on my game and I'm watching my game
and it's really going to improve.
And so as Canadians, we're going to have to, I mean,
obviously I speak as a Canadian,
it's you're going to have to understand that we're going to have to push the
envelope and we're going to have to find answers to those questions, whether it's through
subsidies, whether it's through programs, whether it's through just finding ways to get the ice
more readily available. And, and that's probably the biggest part. And the hardest part is trying
to find that because as you add players, you have to add rinks and rinks aren't
cheap and you got to find ways and yet on our in canada i have noticed that there is more outdoor
rinks that are done up so people can use them when when i was growing up there was outdoor rinks but
it wasn't like it was like my neighbor's outdoor rink it wasn't like an organized community like
subs yeah subsidized i know what you're saying where
they're playing a lot of games on there now yeah yeah so now they're playing but to still allow the
free the free time because i believe that you only you only get better when you really have fun
like and i know like you guys what you guys do is bring fun into hockey and bring fun into
into the sport and it's why you guys are so successful.
And I think the reason why we need to do as a country at times
is make hockey fun again.
Because when it's fun, people find a reason to do it.
They'll always find a reason to do something that they enjoy
as long as it doesn't feel like work.
And open ice and the ability to go out on the ice
and have a little bit of structure but but at the same time have fun,
creates a desire to come back the next day.
And I think that's probably one of the best ways we can do it.
Biz, that's like our buddy Sheldon Wolitski
from the Colorado Extreme,
who he built a rink right outside of Aspen
for all the people in the surrounding towns of Aspen
who can't afford to play hockey.
So it's a big outdoor rink.
He gives them equipment as well.
And like,
that's the stuff that we need to see more of in Canada.
Yeah.
And there's a,
there's a,
I think there's a way to do like co-ops.
I think co-ops in the small communities,
my brother and his wife are looking at trying to do a co-op in Stettler
where you can buy,
you could buy your equipment for the year.
And then at the end of the year,
you turn your equipment back in. And equipment for the year, and then at the end of the year, you turn your equipment back in,
and for the next year, it only costs you 100 to get new equipment.
And you get all new equipment, and your equipment gets passed along.
And as long as you take care of your equipment, you give people the ability to afford it.
And then all of a sudden, it becomes a community thing and and then kids have the ability because the one thing that
i think hurts people is if you want to start playing hockey it's a huge investment and if
your kid changes his mind six months into it you're like great i can't get this back it's
not like i get the money and so it's it's a eighteen hundred dollar two thousand dollar buy-in
and the kid does it for six months where if it's's baseball, it's like, well, I'll get you a glove and a bat.
All right, well, it cost me 200.
So if we could figure out a way that we could make it so it's a co-op,
kind of like what's the Christmas movie where the community gets the biggest
wonderful life.
It's a wonderful life.
You need a co-op like that.
What a movie.
What a movie, eh? It's black and white, so you. It's a wonderful life. You need a co-op like that. What a movie. Yeah.
What a movie, eh?
It's black and white, so you get a lot of young pieces of shit that won't even give it a chance to listen to the show.
But, guys, I was one of those pieces of shit.
I remember saying, no, I'm not watching this to my parents, and now I watch it all to just everyone.
It's Christmas time.
Check out It's a Wonderful Life.
It's a story about life and being wonderful.
Yeah.
So sorry.
No, it was nice.
I should just shut up now.
No, no, no, I like that.
I'm going to watch it. I don't think I've ever seen it.
But the idea of a co-op
where the community works together, and I think that's what
we're going to have to do as a country, not just
in the small communities, but in the country.
Because the small communities are really
paying a price now, because you get so
convinced that if you want to play, you have to go play
in the city, like you have to go play in
Toronto, or you have to play in Vancouver or Calgary or Edmonton and Winnipeg.
But the small town kids are finding it harder and harder.
We've got to find a way to make it easier for them.
I want to go back to Davos real quick before we let you go.
Did you do much skiing over in Switzerland?
I was dying to ask you that earlier.
Are you a skier?
I'm not a skier, but I did ski a lot in Switzerland.
It is.
you i'm not a skier but i did ski a lot in switzerland it is so it is i went caught i went cross-country skiing which i did i did downhill i did downhill too like the downhill
is amazing like it's so cool like you go up to the top of jacob's horn that's the ski hill that
it's at uh right out literally like right outside the hotel like you walk out the door you walk into
the ski like into the
chairlift and up the hill and it's amazing but you can ski to three different towns from Jakobsvagn
so you get up the top and you ski down over to one and then there's another mountain over there
and you ski down over there and you could end up like 20 miles away and they have a bus that goes
constantly every five minutes there's a bus going to the next place that brings you back. It's amazing the way they do it.
So I did do the downhill.
I'm not  I'm okay.
I can do okay at downhill.
It's like skating, so it's not that hard.
Yeah.
But I did the cross-country skiing, skating style.
Oh, my goodness.
It's worth it.
It's worth it.
Oh, it's exhausting.
And you fall over all the time.
And I did it every day for nine days straight.
Did you really?
How about the guys?
How about the guys who do that?
And the heart rate's up to 150.
You're pumping.
And then they get down.
And then in the Olympics, they shoot the gun off a bullseye four miles away. That's one of my favorite events.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, you've watched that a lot, Biz, I'm sure.
No, every time it's on, I'll watch it.
I fucking watch it all the time. What do you mean?
Oh yeah, sure. I don't like set my
fucking television and record it.
That's an absolute, like, I want to go back
in time and see Biz setting the recorder for
the Beijing Olympics. I never said I set the fucking
recorder. I said every time it's on
it'll stop me dead in my tracks.
It is amazing though. Okay, LeBron.
LeBron!
LeCap.
Oh, that's so funny i actually i actually competed in a few amateur games uh by doing that in arizona in arizona hey up at snowball so now
before we get to the last question it is brought to you by chevy of course from bolt
to blazer equinox to silverado chevy evs are for everyone everywhere and with an established
full-line brand like chevrolet we can offer multiple ev vehicles with the volume variety
and the value customers all over the world have come to expect. Chevy has put together a team full of ringers.
And may I remind you, they are affordable.
You don't have to be rich to have an EV.
All-star capability on a rookie's budget.
Now back to the interview.
Well, Doner, we're going to be out there.
I was just going to ask quickly about your kid.
So he's probably loving the ASU experience.
And that's going to turn into a juggernaut program.
Powers and crew have done an unbelievable job.
They got the new arena.
He's obviously loved it so far.
Oh, my goodness, yeah.
There was a tough weekend.
They lost to Denver in overtime, and then they lost 5-2 the second game.
But if they'd won that, that would have given them a legitimate shot
of maybe getting into it.
And they still do, getting into the tournament.
But Denver's number one.
They played Minnesota the weekend before,
and they won in overtime against Minnesota.
And then they lost.
Sorry, they didn't lose in overtime.
They lost with a minute to go against Denver,
and then they lost both games this weekend.
So that hurt.
But they're having a blast.
There's a kid from Boston there.
Actually, I think he's from Rhode Island.
They transferred from Northeastern.
Schmelten, Felton, Belton, Melton or something.
His last name.
The goalie, TJ.
I call him TJ.
I love the kid.
He's a goalie.
He's legit.
And he gives them a chance every night.
And obviously, like you said, Powers and those guys recruiting
and getting in some of the guys that they got in,
they have a pretty good team.
That's awesome.
Yeah, a buddy of mine's son, Tim Lovell.
I think his son's Tim Lovell.
I think his son's Timmy, right, too?
Yeah, Tim Lovell.
He's undersized.
You should see this kid skate.
Oh, is that the kid you were telling me that had to go on hormones,
growth hormone?
Yes.
This is a crazy story.
Really?
Talk about it.
Oh, yeah, man.
He was like tiny, tiny, Benjamin Button tiny.
Yeah.
Explain the story.
So the first time I saw Timmy play, I walked by a game,
and we were playing like U15s.
And when I looked out on the ice, I thought I was like they were doing warm-ups or something because they had like someone's little brother out on the ice, I thought I saw, like, I thought I was, like, they were doing warm-ups or something because they had, like,
someone's little brother out on the ice.
And I'm not trying to be rude to Timmy because he's an amazing player.
He is a good, oh, amazing player.
And they gave, and he grew, and now he's probably 5'7", 5'8",
but at the time, he was under five feet.
So it was like oh boy easy and the way that
he handled the puck and his edge work and the way that he could i was blown away by the kid and i
him and josh have become really good friends and i love the kid we do we do family dinner night on
sundays and they always bring different players over and Timmy's been over quite a few times. We do games and stuff.
The kids have fun.
Yeah, his dad.
He's got a great, his motor's crazy out there.
The kid flies.
Oh, nonstop.
Yeah, he kind of reminds me of a young Duncan Keith,
the way that he moves a little bit.
Yeah, yeah.
And supposedly his sister's the best of the group.
Really?
Yeah, so his father started a hockey program.
It's called the Boston Advantage.
I mean, I think he started like 05.
He played probably seven, eight years pro.
I played with him in the summer league.
Super skilled. So it makes sense.
His son is and his daughter.
But yeah, I remember seeing his son.
And then he was at BC and going to Arizona State.
So I figured you'd know him.
Yeah. Great, great guy.
And Mike, you know, Mike DeAngelis from the Coyotes here,
him and Timmy's dad played together over in Europe,
and I think Germany or Italy.
I'm not sure.
Somewhere over there.
Does Josh talk about  I mean, obviously probably not,
about leaving school.
I mean, he's taking it game by game.
But still, he's such a good prospect.
He had such a monster year last year.
It's got to be exciting for him being drafted by the Coyotes and knowing
someday he's not going too far. Right.
Yeah. I mean, his, his goal obviously is he, I mean,
if you ask him is to play in the NHL at the same time,
he's got a long ways to go and he's, and he's, he's,
he recognizes that as well. And it's, it's a lot of fun for them to,
you know, Hey, at that age, everyone's dreaming of the next level.
And we talk every now and again that it's not a sprint.
It's a marathon.
And don't be in a hurry to skip anything because if you do, sometimes that comes back to haunt you.
It's a cross-country ski with a shotgun in the back.
Minus the shotgun.
What's this called, Biz?
What's that event called
it is called
the
Le Cap event
no I
I'm saying is
every time it's on television
it draws me in
I will stop dead in my tracks
I will keep it on that channel
that's one of my favorite
Olympic events
now
as far as the name's concerned
and I've been delaying
my answer here
to think it might come to my head
I don't know
I mean it's only every four years you get to see it.
What's the name of the event?
No, he watches the World Championship.
The Biathlon.
The Biathlon.
That's called the Biathlon?
Yeah, bi meaning two.
Wow, I thought biathlon would be a summer games.
All right, well, Donor, we're leaving you to our bullshit.
This is the show we've got to start now.
But congrats on the GM of the Spangler Club team.
Hopefully, you guys, you take it home.
And congrats to Josh on success at Arizona State.
Thanks for joining us.
Yeah, yeah, no problem.
And I don't know if we can say it, but it's Travis Green.
Claude Julien.
And Babcock's coming too, right?
Yeah.
Josh Holden.
You remember Josh Holden?
Oh, yeah, yeah, the D-man.
Played in Vegas, didn't he? No, no no no yes phantom that's nick holden yeah nick holden and then uh
our danny brayer and ray whitney are helping me out on the magic no shit you got wizard too
yeah and danny b and then tyler dietrich who's been great he's awesome so we got a good group
that's an unreal crew nick holden's still in the NHL, my apologies.
Yeah.
All right.
Josh Holden is coaching over in Switzerland.
But he came in and he's a 97.
What are you, Ry?
Oh, you're way later than that.
I'm an 83.
I'm old.
I'm turning 40 in February.
Sorry.
He's a 78.
He's a 78.
Oh, okay, okay.
Donner, I'll see you on the hike.
I'll be back in a couple days.
We'll go hit the trails.
We'll do it by Athlon.
Hey, yeah, and no shirts, right?
Shirts off.
Tarps off.
Get the tan.
Get the vitamin D.
Not on me.
Not on me.
I'm not.
Biz can.
Biz can still do that.
Oh, okay, Judge Judy over here.
No, you can still do that.
I can't.
That's fair.
All right.
I love you, buddy.
Thank you so much for your time.
That was great. Very insightful. We love you. Thanks. Thanks, guys. See you, buddy. Thank you so much for your time. That was great.
Very insightful.
We love you.
Thanks.
Thanks, guys.
See you, Donor.
Thanks so much, Donor.
Take care, pal.
Folks, before we go any further, it's time to talk about Skip the Dishes.
Who the hell wants to cook on game night?
Not me.
Drop the oven mitts and give your taste buds something to cheer about.
Score some sushi, sauce your friend some spaghetti,
or go top shelf with a
gourmet burger when it's time for a
celly. Skip delivers desserts
just like cheesecake, ice cream,
even a bag of ice if you're running low.
Whatever you're in the mood for,
it's always a win for the home team
with Skip the Dishes.
Now back to the pod.
Huge thanks to Jonah
for jumping on. Such a nice guy, Biz.
Isn't he just the epitome of a gentleman?
I love how he's a clean-cut fella,
but you just don't stop with the dirty, filthy jokes,
and you can tell he gets a real kick out of them, too.
Oh, yeah.
He is the best human.
I had such an amazing time with him when I was playing with the Coyotes.
He was a father figure to me.
Every time I was having tough times, I'd go chat with him.
The amount of time he
spent at the rink and time and energy he gave to everybody there would be after the game it'd be
12 30 at night you'd be leaving the rink and he'd still be talking to people in the hallway in his
get so what he meant for that coyotes organization uh you can't i'd have to spend another two hours
describing it all so we love you donor thanks for jumping on and that was his what second or third
appearance third i believe but he watches he catches gunther shooting pox and he was
catching you like rubbing one out so it's like it's a little different yeah yeah he uh he put
up with a lot he put up with a lot that's like yolanda the immaturity level on me back then
could you imagine no i i couldn't you see it now at 37. Back then I was, what, 25?
I'm not a math major, but big extension signs since we last met.
Dallas start, Rupe Hintz, an eight-year, 67.6 million extension.
Comes out to 8.45 million a year.
He's making 3.15 million right now.
He would have been an RFA after the season, but they locked him up.
Great move here.
The 2015 draft pick, just turned 26.
He's got 26 points in 23 games he played this season.
He had career highs in goals, assists, and points last season.
He's got basically the same deal as Mero Heskinen,
except fewer years for Heskinen on the no-move clause.
But does this sound right about wrong? I think he's a horse.
I think he's a beast.
He's a fucking horse.
He ain't talking about  oh, my goodness.
Pavelski, Robertson, and Hintz.
I think he went out and had a hat trick and an assist in the game just the other day.
So it's like the cap going up definitely affects it a little bit.
But the way he skates, how fast he is, he's physical.
I love that deal.
And we've said it.
The Stars could win the Stanley Cup this year.
Yes, they could.
They really could.
If I could jump on one wagon, I would jump on one.
Could Kane sneak in there?
Patrick Kane?
Oh, my goodness.
Let the rumor mill begin.
I don't know.
I don't know cap situations, but I'm just like all over teams that can win the Cup.
Kane's going to go to a contender.
We keep bringing up the cap situation, though.
How much do you think that matters with Patrick Kane?
Because like you said, he's going to have to matter a little.
Because they're going to be able to eat a bunch, though,
and then they can just take on draft picks if they're going to eat more money.
You know what I mean?
Yeah, I know.
We'll see.
We'll see.
I don't know how I just got to Kane again.
My mind is just racing with where he's going to end up.
Because Rupe Hintz deserves a lot of credit for the season he's had.
And last year, I think you're seeing it was no fluke because last year he just took off.
And that line's one of the best in the league.
Joe Pavelski doing it at 39 years old the way he is.
He might be 40.
He's on drugs.
He's a machine.
He's on HGH.
That's what you're trying to say.
Well-deserved.
And a guy that they had to lock in.
And if you're having this much chemistry with Robertson, he ain't fucking going anywhere.
Lock them both up.
They can play together.
And who knows?
Joe Pavelski might be around when he's 47 still playing with those fucking guys.
Yeah, no shit.
Butt chugging out of the fountain of youth just like Jager.
We mentioned Robo in minus streaks earlier.
Kirill Kaprizov, he tied the Minnesota record in the same game.
Who?
Who did?
Kirill Kaprizov?
Kaprizov, yeah.
He tied the Minnesota record.
He got a point in his 12th straight game as well.
What's with all these point streaks?
Well, I saw actually somebody put a tweet up comparing McDavid and Robertson's first 100 games.
More goals for Robertson.
But Kaprizov, I think, might be above both of them.
Now, granted, McDavid was 18 years old.
Kaprizov's 35, I think might be above both of them. Now, granted, McDavid was 18 years old. Kaprizov's 35, I think.
But it's crazy to see how this guy is so electric with the Wild.
I watched the other night their game at home.
It was like watching every single shift he creates something.
So I don't think that streak's going to end anytime soon.
No, it's going to end next game.
I have the side-by-side of Robertson.
Yeah, read it out.
So they each played in their first 152 games jason robertson had 80 goals and 84 assists while
connor mcdavid had 56 goals and 117 assists for 173 points while robertson had 164 points i mean
i like that breakdown that's pretty legit and now like i mentioned mcdavid was younger and stuff but
still this is just it's wild to see what's, like I mentioned, McDavid was younger and stuff, but still, this is just,
it's wild to see what's happening
in Dallas with that kid.
And we interviewed him,
I think it was last year.
I remember I was in Florida during it.
Just a down-to-earth kid,
and like, now you're watching every game.
It's fucking crazy.
His celebration in St. Louis was something else.
He was kind of skating around like this,
almost like,
Getting cocky.
Are you not entertained?
Getting cocky.
He is getting a little cocky,
but how do you not get cocky
when you get 25 goals or whatever he has already?
He's going to be the next face of the league. Also the
most listened to episode ever for Spitting
Chicklets. Get the fuck out of here. Jason
Robertson? We had
DJ on there as well. We had Dustin Johnson on there
as well. Oh, yeah. Okay. It gave it a little kick.
We had seven minutes with DJ.
That fucking interview needed a Roman
swipe. Witt couldn't show up on time.
No, Yant's internet doesn't work.
It's a fucking 40 million house in Lauderdale.
Blame O'Shandle.
Going back to Kirill Kaprizov and what he's doing with the wild dough,
extremely impressive, and we can't sleep on these wild.
They got Revo.
They ended up losing in a game.
Listen, they ended up losing a game to the Anaheim Ducks, which stinks,
but they got four wins in a row now, and they are starting.
They blew a 5-1 lead in the third period yesterday.
But they won the game in OT, baby.
They're selling the game, bro.
They're selling it.
But I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
You don't?
I don't know about this year.
Okay.
Well, I'll tell Billy G you said that.
No, please don't.
I want to build a Star Wars Lego castle with him.
A few more strokes here.
Tuesday in Vancouver,
Alexander Ovechkin passed Wayne Gretzky
for the most road goals ever in NHL history.
He has road kills.
Oh, sorry.
With his 402nd goal, he later added his 403rd.
Vancouver defenseman Luke Shen passed Brooks Orpik,
your old teammate,
for the most hits by a defenseman
since the stat started being recorded back in 05-06.
Shen has 2,947 hits and 888 games played.
There are five forwards above him on that list.
Lucic, Ovechkin, Matt Martin, Dustin Brown,
and the number one guy, Cal Clutterbuck with 3,647 hits.
Well in zone.
Well in zone.
I knew that was coming.
Listen, we love Cal Clutterbuck and Wellen.
He's a legend there, but he has been dodging us for an interview
and won't join us in the sandbagger,
but yet he goes and plays against the foreplay guys.
So in one hand, he's a legend and he's the king of Wellen.
There's actually a sign there when you drive in.
Cal Clutterbuck.
But on the other hand, fuck you, Clutzy.
You're a sellout.
You're a sellout, bitch.
And on the same night, his brother Braden played in his 800th NHL game.
So congrats to Braden.
A couple brothers making a little history.
I think Luke Shen, a good deadline acquisition if you need that 6th, 7th defenseman.
He knows his role. He knows his role.
He knows his role.
He's going to be physical.
He's going to separate the man from the puck.
And then that centerman is going to come low and slow
and just swoop in and pick up that puck.
Deaf demon for a run.
Roberto Luongo was added to the Canucks' ring of honor,
but a lot of fans were pissed off that his number wasn't retired.
He was fine with the decision.
He considered it an honor and all that.
But still, if you're a Hall of Famer, why wouldn't your number be retired with?
You think, like, right?
I mean, a Hall of Famer, that's almost a slam dunk.
Yeah, I would think to be in the Hall of Fame, it means number retired.
Now, the argument would be that he was with the Panthers for a lot of his career.
You know what I'm saying?
Like, if you're a player for one team and you end up in the Hall of Fame, it's number retired, no question.
Maybe it just changes in terms of not being with the one place, you know, the Vancouver Canucks the entire time.
But, I mean, Ring of Honor, it's still, it's like, I don't even really see a huge difference there.
It's still, you're always up there forever, and it shows you were an important part of a lot of good years.
Well said, Whipdog.
The Bruins extended their record-setting season, opening home winning streak to 14 games
with a 5-1 win over the cup champion Avalanche Saturday night.
In danger right now.
I think the Knights are up 2-0, you just said, as we're recording here.
I saw a thing that the starts that are comparable to the bruins right now one of them is the 2013
blackhawks who you know went on 2012 2013 box they went on to win the stanley cup it's like
you're now getting to the point with this bruins team that it it's going to be hard not to look at
them as the number one cup contenders and no there's no chance there's no chance i'm just
saying the mush man over here said that.
No, there's no chance.
I'm hoping that they go on, and the mush man himself.
They are so good.
I said they weren't going to make playoffs this year.
You said they weren't going to make playoffs?
You said they weren't going to make playoffs?
Shut up.
That's amazing.
Honestly, I don't know what I said.
How about Yance saying the Devils weren't going to make the playoffs?
Yeah, I love that.
I texted him right after that.
All that was going viral, and I was like, I'll never say this on Chicklets, but I agree with you. I don't't going to make the playoffs. I texted him right after that, all that was going viral,
and I was like, I'll never say this on Chicklets, but I agree with you.
I don't think they're making the playoffs.
As I said on Chicklets.
Oh, my God.
You're walking up.
No, but what happened was, as I said,
that there's one team that was getting a little bit older
that was not going to make playoffs,
and who we put in that picture was the Boston Bruins,
the Washington Capitals, and the Pittsburgh Penguins. And I was teeter the Boston Bruins the Washington Capitals and the
Pittsburgh Penguins and I was teeter-tottering the torn the cat towards the Capitals and the
Bruins and then I picked caps to make it which if I could jump back off that wagon I get a lot of
tweets from Capitals fans complaining that we don't talk about them there's nothing to talk
about with you guys and as a fan base like I i'm not even i don't hate you like the
rangers it's not any of that it's just what do you want us to say it's a mid team that looks
like shit and we understand the injuries but it's all about fans got to understand here that there's
not much going on and there's not much to talk about besides number eight i still think they
can squeak in playoffs though they were they had 40 million dollars in the press box at one point
i understand but one of those guys may not even play again dude that's fine if they don't get
back from back that's a huge piece missing but when oshi came back he added a jolt to that lineup
they won a couple games wilson's gonna come back bring that physicality and and listen they got
some good good core pieces there. We'll see.
They're not out of it just quite yet.
But at this point forward, clown knows on for saying the Bees were missing playoffs.
But the good news is, is if they go on a run, we're coming home.
We're coming home.
18-1 at the beginning of the year.
Bruins, imagine having a couple bucks on them there.
18-1.
Bruins are 18-1 beginning of the year.
Crazy.
Did you put some money on them?
How do you do it? You get wood nuts.
He bets every single team.
But definitely the Bs every year.
But, I mean, yeah, back to the caps.
I mean, mediocrity doesn't sell.
I mean, you've got to be doing real good or real bad to get some love on this show.
If you're in the middle, then you're boring.
So, I think Talk posed a question.
At a certain point, you've got to become sellers and understand that your window is now closed.
But they owe too much to Ovi and what he's provided that organization
to not still go for it year over year while he's under contract.
He brought you a Stanley Cup.
In the next few years, you may see them going for it
as in going for the Ovi goal record.
It's going to change meanings.
The teams, they're on the back nine it's i i don't see like
how are they going to get better in this off season it's just it's kind of now for the next
few years going to be ob chasing the goal record and that's going to be it i hate to say it i think
the one thing that would hose them is is getting the panic button and moving on too soon from their
two goaltenders last year which have now moved on and are having career years
with New Jersey and Toronto with insane numbers.
And then you paid Darcy Kemper five times five.
So he's started out very strong.
He's fizzled off a little bit.
Let's hope he gets his game back because he's such a great guy.
But other than that, there you go.
There's your Capitals talk. There we go. Yep, there you go there's your capitals talk here we go yep there you go uh
we hit our quota for the season pittsburgh defenseman chris letang suffered a stroke last
week and he's going to be out indefinitely uh it's his second one he had one back in 2014 as well
uh he's in good spirits and uh we just want to wish him the best and get him back out there soon
i know what yeah that's that's scary and the fact that he had another one prior um 2014 career that's just crazy and and i i feel like
this one um from what i'm reading i i hope that's all true is that it's it wasn't as bad as the one
in 2014 um so you know hopefully that is in is the case but just you know he's a father he's a
husband it's just you think about that stuff right away.
It's scary, and hopefully he comes back stronger than ever.
And I'm sure they'll make sure of it that he's not going to be stepping foot on the ice again until everything's A-OK.
Yeah.
Yeah, like sometimes a lot of people have strokes, and they don't know.
You don't even know until you go to the doctor, like TIA.
TIA, I think they're called.
I don't know what it stands for.
But basically, you think of a stroke, people falling down and all that.
But sometimes you have one, and you don't even realize you have one
until you go to the doctor.
But either way, let's get them back out there soon.
What else we got here?
Oh, the Brandon Wheat Kings, man.
Oh, what a story.
What a story, yeah.
Incredible story.
Incredible story.
Kudos to Jake Jason, Calda Anderson, Nolan Ritchie, and Ben Thornton.
They were driving home.
Funny enough, they were at a Samaritan house doing charity work doing some volunteering stuff and they were going over over a bridge the first
street bridge and they saw a guy kind of in between the highways and you know they knew
something was amiss they actually banged a u-turn came back to check on the guy and you know he was
in rough shape the guy was you know contemplating suicide and um who was anderson got out of the car
he said i got out of the car i asked him if he was okay he informed me that things weren't great for him and he was having some pretty bad
thoughts so i asked him if we could get him some help and he agreed i said i think the biggest
thing in that situation is just to ask the person if they need some help and as soon as i asked you
could see the relief on his face knowing he had someone to care for him i guess there are a few
hairy moments in between because they had you know for help. And it's a dangerous situation when someone's at that height in that situation.
But we've got to commend these guys because not only for stopping and turning around to go help out
and just having the will of all and the conscience.
Not everybody can do that.
And that doesn't mean that those people who don't respond that way are bad people.
But these guys were in that position, and they did what you hope most human beings will do.
And we just want them to be recognized and for everybody to know what they did.
Because it's very commendable.
Especially for such young guys to have the wherewithal to just know what to do in that situation.
Know to stop.
Yeah.
So whatever they're doing in that organization, we commend you because that's a hell of a move.
And saving a person's life like that, that is just tip of the cap to those guys.
And I want to add this.
If people you know are struggling with those type of thoughts
or worried about somebody, you can contact Talk Suicide Canada
at 1-833-456-4566.
Or in the States, you can call the 988-SUICIDE-IN-CRISIS lifeline.
You just dial 988.
So I know it's a serious topic but
one little thing like this could help somebody so if you are in trouble you know someone trouble
call nothing's ever that bad but right nothing is ever that bad every single time we go to an
event there's at least one person that'll come up and say hey you know you know we were going i was
going through a difficult time it's the best feeling in the world and uh actually actually in Columbus, a guy was saying that he was having a couple tough years
and then he turned things around and he became a pilot for the  what's the
For the Air Force.
Air Force.
Yeah, he was an awesome guy.
Yeah, he came up and he seemed so happy.
I said, buddy, hearing that is the biggest compliment we can get.
And it's like you said, R.A., there's always somebody to talk to and it's always going to get better and uh it's it's hard sometimes
for some people when they're deep in those thoughts absolutely and when people do come up with us and
it's always great when people share even if they're saying they kill time at work or whatever
but when they get very personal it's very powerful for us to hear that man i mean we get emotional
hearing it because you know we do this fucking goofy hockey show and talk about peckers
and dicks and balls.
Oh, we all go through
our shit.
And then we hear that.
And it's like, you know,
man, it's a little deeper than that.
So it's, you know,
it sucks that people
go through that,
but it's nice to know that,
you know, we're doing
a little something extra.
So it's always emotional
to hear that.
And last note,
I got here with U.S.
out of the World Cup.
I mean.
Yeah, I mean,
we would just quickly go over it. I was rooting for the U.S. I really the World Cup? Yeah, I mean, we'll just quickly go over it.
I was rooting for the U.S.
I really enjoy soccer.
I got into it, when was it?
It was just a little over a year ago.
Maybe a little over two years ago, actually.
And the thing about U.S. soccer is,
and there's diehard U.S. soccer fans out there.
It's great to see.
I just, I don't understand where fans of U.S. soccer fans out there, it's great to see. I just don't understand where fans of U.S. soccer think the team is at or is headed.
You look at all these elite teams, and maybe the goal is always just to kind of get out of the group stage,
but you look at all these elite teams, like they just lost to Holland or Netherlands,
whatever they're called, the Dutch, they have like three names.
But, I mean, one of the guys who scored, he's a striker on Real Madrid.
Like there's  we don't have anyone like that.
Like you look at all these teams.
They're elite players in Spain and in England.
It's like U.S. has Pulisic.
They needed like three of Pulisic.
That was the thing.
Yeah, they don't  but he doesn't even like light up the Premier League. He doesn't even start a lot of the thing. Yeah, but he doesn't even light up the Premier League.
He doesn't even start a lot of the time.
It's just the U.S. is so far away from legit contending to win a World Cup.
So it's great that I guess they continue to get better.
Although, I don't know.
They actually got to the quarterfinals, I think, in the 2000, maybe 2002.
2002 was the last time.
I just don't know what people think is going to happen every year.
It's very bizarre.
I know.
Because you just mentioned Dutch, the hollow.
What's the size?
How many people live there?
There must be 15, 20 million people in the country.
And more people play soccer in the U.S. than hockey.
Now granted, it is a global sport.
Every single country, it seems, has good teams and great players.
But it's so weird to me that people consider the U.S.
Yeah, I'm rooting for them, and I hope they move on.
But you're seeing, look at Brazil.
They've got these guys in France and England that are lighting it up.
And there's no players like that from the U.S.
So kind of an odd thing.
Maybe in the next 10 to 12 years it changes.
Well, it's coming here.
The next World Cup's in America.
North America.
No, I know, but I'm just saying, like, when will the U.S. get a
when will the United States have a legitimate, like, top 10 soccer player in the world?
Yeah, like a superstar.
You know what I'm saying?
And the hard part is it's probably, like, you basically have to go to England or France or Germany when you're, like, 14.
Like, it's, like, that's what they have, these academies.
And or you keep growing the game over here.
And there was an interesting thing that Grinnelli sent me over on TikTok.
And I know we're switching over to MLS right now.
But when David Beckham came over, describe the story, Grinnell.
I'll hand it over to you.
Yeah, so when David Beckham signed with the Galaxy,
and this is just me seeing a TikTok,
but when David Beckham signed with the Galaxy, he is this is just me seeing a tiktok but when david beckham signed
with signed with the galaxy he he took a lot less money he took like a 75 pay cut but they also gave
him merchandise they gave him all these different like uh percentages but the main thing was they
said in that contract that whenever you want at any time in your life, you can buy an MLS franchise for 25 million.
Those franchises are now going for
250-300 million.
So, I mean, Dave even said his Inter Milan
team that he purchased is upwards of 600 million.
David Beckham's part owner of Inter Milan?
He owns the team, yes.
No, no, Inter Miami.
Inter Miami.
I was like, what the fuck?
No, it's Inter Miami.
So now he's part owner or majority owner. Inter-Miami. I was like, what the fuck? No, it's Inter-Miami. Inter-Miami.
So now he's part owner or majority owner.
Yes, majority owner.
Of an MLS team.
Of Inter-Miami, and he got in for 25 million, and he could sell it now for 300 million.
And now the rumor is that Messi's coming over to Miami, no?
That's the rumor.
So all of a sudden the growth starts, the popularity.
You have probably the greatest soccer player of all time.
Is it Lionel?
Lionel.
Lionel.
Lionel Messi.
By the way, the guy from the Netherlands, he plays for Barcelona.
I said Real Madrid, but nonetheless.
We're just butchering all this soccer.
No, no, no.
We are, but we're like not because we're actually talking about it.
Now, what I think is cool, and the city of Boston is so ridiculous,
they shut it down,
but they're building like 10,000-seat stadiums.
That's all you need.
And they're packing them.
That's all you need.
Dude, they tried to do it.
I think they wanted to do it for the revolution
behind BC High.
Atlanta's team goes crazy.
Kraft has been trying for years.
It's like...
Hopefully, that's the beginning of it, and Messi coming over, but Beckham came over before. It's just like, I still I don't Hopefully that's Yeah that's the beginning of it
And Messi coming over
But Beckham came over before
It's just like
I don't know
I don't know what it is
But we're hoping at some point
There's like a superstar
Soccer player from the US
You need to put these
These stadiums
In places where people
Are going to go watch
They're not going to go to Foxborough
You know what I mean
Like the
A soccer community
Is inner city
You know what I mean
So many foreign people
Come and live in these cities.
So it's like put the stadium in the city.
Don't put it 45 minutes outside.
Toronto did a good job by not building the stadium too big.
So it's the perfect size.
You don't want  I mean sometimes overseas, how big are the soccer stadiums?
Like when you start going to British Premier League, you're talking 50,000 people?
How big are the soccer stadiums?
Like when you start going to British Premier League,
you're talking 50,000 people?
Yeah, I mean, I would say that there's stadiums that are even bigger.
I don't think all of them are that big.
But, yeah, I mean, it's huge.
Tottenham's got to have 50,000.
That's a new stadium. You just have to make it an environment that you look at and you're like,
well, I want to go and get entertained in that type of atmosphere.
Exactly.
I don't want to sit in an empty fucking stadium.
Exactly.
So the other thing that could be it is like so many of these countries, I mean, these
people are so poor and they're playing soccer in the dirt and they're playing soccer wherever
they can.
They're playing soccer with not even a soccer ball.
It's so cheap.
And maybe in the US, like so many more people are playing with money.
It's like, what's the saying?
Like, a hungry dog ain't...
You know what I'm trying to say?
No, I know the saying,
but I don't know the saying.
Something like, you know...
I know what you're saying.
You know what I mean.
We're a fucking joke.
It's time to end this episode.
I do want to shout out...
Our brains are fried.
We're on the road.
The trip to Jamaica was amazing.
You're on Jamaica time, man.
Jamaica, man.
That's why you're all fucked up, brother.
I had this caddy gas.
I'll share this quickly.
This guy's unbelievable.
Actually, a bunch of people.
I had had a friend of mine who goes there, who has a house there, mention, you got to
ask for gas, the caddy.
And then people were writing me after I mentioned I was at trial club.
Ask for gas.
Ask for gas.
So we got in touch and we had him out there.
Guy's unreal. I think he's club. Ask for gas. Ask for gas. So we got in touch, and we had him out there. Guy's unreal.
I think he's been there about 30 years, just smoking the John Ganja, man, and drinking
the Ritz, right, the whole round.
Actually, the only time I ever saw this guy get stressed at all was when, on the seventh
hole, he lost his weed bag.
It was like seeing a Jamaican run around.
You're like, what's going on?
These people don't run around, besides Usain Bolt.
They're the fastest people in the world.
You know what I'm saying.
around you're like what's going on these people don't run around besides usain bolt they're the fastest people in the world but you know what i'm saying but um so i'm like gas why why are you
called gas and he's like man i i can't do the accent he's like mom my brother he's older man he
he's working in a i'm not even gonna do the accent i can't do it his brother was working as a mechanic
and he was three or four years old and apparently his brother bought brought home i don't
know why but a bunch of gas and put it on top of the fridge and gas just little three four-year-old
gas decided to drink most of it and they found him like passed out and his mom rushed him to
the hospital and they brought him back to life so he's gas so i was like holy shit gas man and he's
like this yeah man respect man good wedge, man, good wedge, man.
I couldn't putt worth a shit, but I might start putting less.
This was the contrary.
I'm actually getting true, no, what is it called?
Full swing.
Yeah, I do have the yips.
I'm getting the full swing putting simulator put in my basement.
So shout out Joe Rathburn and Ryan O'Keefe from Full Swing.
They're helping me out.
Dude, you can change the whole thing.
I've heard about this.
It's like on hydraulics.
So if I can't putt after that, I don't know what to do.
I might switch to lefty.
I think you're overthinking it.
I just show up.
I don't even go to the practice range.
You're a great putter, too.
I'm a great putter.
Yeah, what else?
It's all about the feel.
I would say this was the contradictory pod
because each one of us contradicted ourselves numerous times.
Hey, wagwan, man.
Wagwan, go on.
How about everyone's writing me?
So I said wagwan means what's up.
Well, it's actually saying what's going on.
Wagwan, man.
So all these people are writing me.
It means what's going on.
I'm like, dude, what the fuck does what's up mean, you idiot?
To write me a message, to send the time to tell me it doesn't actually mean what's up,
like what's going on means what's up.
So, wagwan, man.
Respect.
You're talking about David Beckham, Biz.
What the fuck do you know about David Beckham, Ari?
Well, I know he's married to Victoria Beckham.
Oh, my God.
So does the rest of the world.
Tosh Spice.
Huh?
Right.
And you know what?
I met her four bandmates right across the street about 25 years ago.
Yeah, the Spice Girls.
Right.
I was at a Stones concert.
You didn't meet her?
No, she wasn't there.
It was like, this is when they were at the peak of their powers.
Who was the cutest one?
Ginger Spice?
Sporty.
Baby was looking good.
Ginger too.
Baby's what?
I like little fireplaces.
Whoa, motherfucker. They were women. Oh, take that back, dude. What did you bushes whoa motherfucker they were women oh what did you say what did you say
jeez what did you say wow fucking where did you take this fucking shank out of my back
well it's a fucking joke she's called i know i'm joking jesus christ all right
fucking settle down oh jesus much. I missed the joke.
I was too dialed in to you talking about being a creep.
I legit went to the Stones a few years with my buddy Rory and Leahy.
We flew down for a Stones concert, and we got buckled before we went on the show.
And I was always trying to move down to get a better seat.
Now, I think I might have told this story years ago, even before biz.
When you get caught in the wrong seats at Madison Square Garden, back when you had the original ticket,
well, what the ashes do is
they pull a corner off your stub.
So if you get caught again
trying to get in a better seat
and they see your fucking stub,
they'll know you already got popped
because they've pulled the corner off.
And then they'll toss you.
Huh?
And then they'll toss you.
So anyways, I was trying to
worm my way down the floor
because it's the stones
and fucking I love the stones.
And all of a sudden,
I see like all this hubbub on the floor
like 15 rows back. And I was like, oh my God, it's fucking the and fucking I love the stones and all of a sudden I see like all this hubbub on the floor like 15 rows back
and I was like
oh my god
it's fucking the Spice Girls
because they were dressed like
as if they were in concert
all the plastic girls
oh and as they're walking down
the place is going nuts
realizing it
before the show
yeah everyone's like
oh my god
there's like a hubbub about it
so like
I'm like oh fucking holy shit
so two of them
like two of them
go toward the seats
and I literally like
jumped in before
the other two did
and I wasn't gonna try to sit there I was just like hey and I knew all the before the other two did. I wasn't going to try to sit there.
I was just like, hey.
And I knew all their names.
I was like, hey, baby.
I goes, I just want to tell you how much I love your album.
I'm like, I don't even have a fucking album.
It's like me talking to LC from the hills.
Did she give you the dead fish?
No.
That's the funny part.
They were so polite.
They're like, oh, thank you.
Thank you very much.
And I shook all my hands.
They got like, get the fuck out of here.
And I went back to the boys
I was like guys
I just met the Spice Girls
they were like yeah whatever
and then like five minutes later
all the paparazzi were around
I'm like holy shit
they really are here
so I hear David Beckham
I think I'm meeting
four of the five Spice Girls
that's awesome
no I mean
I fucking still rock
Spice Girls tunes
I think I bought the CD
when I was in high school
or no maybe
I was still in grade school
when that came out
so I tell you what I want,
what I really, really want.
So tell me what you want,
what you really, really want.
I wanna, I wanna, I wanna,
I wanna, I wanna.
They were a fucking huge group.
I wanna get this R.A. guy
out of my face.
I wanna stop recording this show.
All right, on that note,
we should call it a show.
That's it.
Fantastic one, everyone.
Love you guys.
Take care.
Peace.
Happy birthday, my boy Jay.
Love you.
See you in Newark.
