Hey, Spittin' Chicklets listeners, you can find every episode on Apple Podcasts, Spotify, or YouTube.
Prime members can listen ad-free on Amazon Music.
Hey, boys, Oli and Jacob here.
So today, we're going to teach you guys the fundies on how to purchase some deadly merch, boys.
That's right, boys.
And if you head over to Sauce Hockey, go underneath the on-the-bench part and get some filthy threads.
And these are all the fundies to drop those undies on a Friday night, boys.
That's right, boys.
Plus, we got this disgusting promo code for you, boys.
Jacob, what is it?
It's all lowercase on the bench and you get a nasty 17 off.
That is ever greasy.
So head over to the website, be a part of the crew and join the bench.
That's right, boys.
We got some deadly teas. We got some deadly tanks. And we got a bunch of the crew, and join the bench. That's right, boys. We got some deadly tees.
We got some deadly tanks.
And we got a bunch of deadly rockets hanging out tonight.
So, boys, just purchase this merch if you want your closet to turn into a launch pad, boys.
That's right.
Head over to SauceHockey.com.
That's S-A-U-C-E, hockey.
Go to On The Bench and get that filthy gear.
Great spelling, Jacob.
Thanks, boys.
This episode was also brought to you by Plated.com.
No matter how packed my schedule gets,
I always make time to sit down at the dinner table with the boys.
With Plated, cooking is more than just dinner.
It's quality time we're spending together.
You know, we put on some music, crack a cup of beers,
and follow Plated's step-by-step recipes.
This week, we're cooking taco salad with avocado, qu a couple beers, and follow Plated's step-by-step recipes. This week, we're cooking
taco salad with avocado, queso fresco, and homemade tortilla chips. Travel the world from your kitchen.
Plated's recipes are inspired by cuisines from around the globe, like Malaysian fist curry and
lamb shakashuka from Morocco. Now, not only does Plated do all the grocery shopping
and send you the exact amount of each ingredient,
they're sourcing quality ingredients.
And how about you with the sweet tooth?
Plated even offers dessert options
like no-charing coffee ice cream and cinnamon rolls.
And anyone who knows me knows I love cinnamon rolls.
So discover your ideal dinner experience.
Go to plated.com slash hockey to get 50 off your first plated box. That's 50 off for a limited
time only. Terms apply. See plated.com slash hockey for details. That's playd.com slash hockey.
Hello, everybody.
Welcome back to Spittin' Chicklets, brought to you by Barstool Sports.
What up, what up, what up?
42, PJ Stark, ass kicker.
Hello, gentlemen.
Dude, you're wearing that T-shirt usually every Bruins game.
Mikey Grinnelli, producer, co-host, Ryan Whitney and the Hizzy.
What up, boys?
It's been a while.
Honestly, you know what?
We've had such a great summer with all our guests. I mean, we had a Florida Panther, a Calgary Flame, a Buffalo Sabre, two Rangers, two Bruins.
A lot of guys from a lot of the Northeast.
We got the boys to come in here.
We really were very excited.
It was beyond our wildest dreams.
I know we talked at the beginning of the summer, plans for what we're going to do.
We had no idea we were going to have all those guys over.
We didn't even know if we were going to be working.
We were just kind of telling everyone.
There's absolutely zero point here.
We felt like we haven't talked to you guys lately.
I mean, when we have guests here, obviously, they're the emphasis.
We wanted the show to be about them.
But now we're going to have a little fun today.
Yeah, it's a little different episode, I think.
There's just nothing going on.
Exactly.
You can say all you want.
You're a hockey podcast.
There's shit going on hockey-wise. this is why we took the summer off we were independents last summer this is why
we took it off because there ain't shit to talk about i know i mean personally dude right now i'm
i'm in i'm not in a panic but i'm like yeah i get you know i got a baby on the way november 30th
dude it's like you know when we found out it was what was it
april march april yeah april may you're like oh it's november 30th fucking so now you know the
other day my wife's like that's eight seven eight weeks i was like holy shit halloween candy and cvs
oh shit have you gone on pod fathers yet no i haven't i'm not i i would actually love to go
on pod fathers um in case anyone doesn't know barstool barstool podcast talking about dads Have you gone on Podfathers yet? No, I haven't. I would actually love to go on Podfathers.
In case anyone doesn't know, Barstool Podcast, talking about dads with Kevin Clancy and is it Chaps?
Uncle Chaps and Clem.
And Clem, yep.
So I'll have to get on that.
I mean, I have questions for them, but I haven't been on.
But in terms of our podcast here, it's just more about what's been going on lately.
I know RA, luckily, is feeling better now. You've been going through some health stuff that we talked about the last episode was with mcavoy
right yeah last episode great guy by the way super kid man you know what that's just someone that
you're just happy that that he's that he's doing this well or has done this well so far i think
that he's going to be not only a great not only a great player but a guy that you know fans really
like once you get to know him he's genuine which which is really the case for every guy we've had in here.
It's that hockey guy mentality.
They're just good people.
And it really does.
It makes you want to move forward.
No assholes in our sport.
Exactly.
Like I always say, if there were assholes,
they wouldn't be here in the first place.
You know what I mean, right?
Yeah, well, I was out, as you mentioned.
I mean, I know you were told the last show,
my gallbladder got taken,
and I did have a little difficulty after.
It's on my way back.
Everything's getting good.
We won't bore the audience with that.
We did have to postpone an interview with a future Hall of Famer,
but we got that lined up next week.
We're not going to reveal the name.
He's actually probably our biggest get so far.
So we got that looking forward to it.
We did miss my buddy Jay Baruchel, who was in the office the other day
with Colton.
So that's Goon, too?
That's Goon.
Yep, Goon.
Explain how you know him, because you didn't get to do that on Barstool Radio.
How are you guys best buds?
No, he said it one time on the podcast.
Did you just meet him in Toronto and just get really mad?
No, no, no.
It actually started on fucking Twitter, twitter.com of all places.
It was during Bruins Habs.
I mean, I don't even remember what year.
I was talking shit
nothing bad like because you know i'm a fan i'm a fan of jay i like his work and he kind of he
kind of chirped back and then i was like this is when i was trying to angle to do like movie reviews
with dave at the bar store he had no interest in but of course he's like all right uh yeah sounds
good absolutely all right there all right no no we don't want to do that i gotta incept that
motherfucker so uh anyways i was still kind of tracing the movie blog type thing.
And so I was getting passes to all these movies and shit,
seeing them writing these great blogs, and then they die in the vine.
So I reached out to Jay.
I was like, hey, I'm like, you guys doing a premiere in Boston?
I'll come, you know, see the movie, do a write-up on it.
It helps promo the movie, whatever.
You got to figure who'll click on your profile.
You get, you know, a lot of followers.
He was like, okay.
If you're some Muppet, he's going to be like, no. And he was like. You get, you know, a lot of followers. He's like, okay. If you're some Muppet,
he's going to be like, no.
And he was like,
he goes, you know,
he goes, we're not doing Boston.
He says, but if you can make
Montreal or New York,
he's like, you're more
than welcome to.
I was like,
fucking New York, man.
Amtrak, you know,
three hours away.
So I said, yeah, dude.
I was like,
I'll come down to New York.
I was out of work at the time.
You know,
a couple bucks on the side,
wink, wink.
Not a big deal.
So fucking, I took the train down.
I went to the premiere.
And I met him after.
Ended up going to the after party with him.
He had, like, he'd come over.
And he's like, gives me a big hug.
He's like, hey, Magoo.
And I'm like, how the fuck do you know my childhood nickname?
Called you Magoo?
He's like, your email address.
I was like, oh, shit.
Called me Magoo first time I met him.
So I ended up partying with him.
Dude, I don't know you.
It's just your email address.
The night, actually, I met him was in my Twitter profile. me and the hansen brothers dude so picture i'm going to you
know this food and drinks open bar whatever and he brings me behind the rope like the vips i'm
sitting with like the director all of a sudden fucking you know jeff jack and steve hansen are
there now i grew up on slap shot dude which by the way just quickly do you know one of them
i'm pretty sure on Twitter,
Colby Armstrong retweeted, named their
firstborn Colby after
one of our guests. No shit.
Yeah, I don't know if it was one of the firstborn, maybe one of their
grandkids. That's semantics in terms
of if you're asking me. But I did see
one of the Hanson brothers mentioning a
kid they knew or was related to was named
after Colby Armstrong. Did he make the Mindsies?
He didn't play in the Mindsies.
He just knocked people out with cold shoulders.
Go ahead. So, dude, so I'm sitting
there and I just went over and started
shooting the shit without being like fanboy.
Now, to me, it was like drinking with
Han Solo, Luke Skywalker, and Chewbacca.
I mean, I'm a kid in the 70s. I grew up
slap shot a million times. And here I am
drinking with the three of them. Do you think they're sick of talking about it?
Did you sense that?
I didn't, because I wasn't like, tell me about the movie.
I was just trying to like, you know, the blonde hair one,
I forget his, Christian Hansen's father, the blonde, the lighter hair,
I forget his actual first name.
Like, we were talking, he was like, oh, I fought O'Reilly a couple times,
because I said I was from Boston, and he was, you know,
yeah, one of them was like a nondescript fight, but it was just, you know,
cool, like hockey minutiae like that. For a hockey fan like you, it's great. I was, you know, yeah, one of them was like a nondescript fight, but it was just, you know, cool like hockey minutiae like that.
For a hockey fan like you,
it's great.
I mean, you love the movie.
Oh, so, yeah, I was out.
Awesome, dude.
Drinking with the Hands Brothers.
So then after,
oh, I go back early in the story.
I told, gee,
I'd bring a little salad diesel
down to New York with him.
He said, oh, my favorite.
Oh, my favorite.
So then afterwards,
I meet him and his publicist.
Went back to the hotel. went up in his room.
I could have been like a crazy stalker, or he could have been like a lunatic act,
and we went out, blazed one at like fucking 15th story of the hotel.
And then we banged.
Yeah.
Yeesh.
Hey, yeesh.
And then, no, honestly, ever since that, we kind of keep in touch,
text a little bit here and there.
So he's a real good dude, so I root for J-Hod.
I would want to ask him if he just got rock hard filming that movie,
Out of My League.
Remember that girl in the movie with him, that blonde girl?
That was Cuthbert, right?
No, it wasn't.
It was the blonde girl.
I got to think.
Mikey, producer, Google, she's Out of My League girl.
Dude, she was a smoke.
She's amazing.
So the funniest part about that movie, She's Out of My League,
is they recorded at a Penguins game.
That's right.
Penguins Island.
I was in that game.
No shit, dude.
Yeah, so I had no clue, dude.
They were front row.
I don't think you can really tell in a game like that.
But I just remember watching the movie.
I'm like, holy fuck, I played in that game, dude.
What's her name?
Alice something?
Alice Eve.
Yeah.
You know, like, do you think actors when they, like, Game of Thrones, right?
Like, last week, like, there's Jon Snow and Khaleesi are fucking doing the dirty.
Like, is he hard?
No, no.
What are you?
No, because I think they're, like, so into rock hard.
Well, do you ever see the scene on Entourage where drama gets hard
and she has to end the scene?
Yes, yes, yes.
Oh, so you're saying
that shows that in Hollywood
that usually don't get hard?
No, I'm guessing.
No.
What a bunch of nerds.
If you're a guy
and you're just like...
But see, the thing is
it's work, though.
And it's not point of work.
It's not like
where you gotta...
Everybody work, work, work.
I think they're approaching it
in a mental way.
It's like, you know, I gotta do this and they're cognizant that they
don't get a hot cognizant cognizant you're like cognizant all right yo cognizant right now but
you think really i think yeah i think there's a professionalness about it too when you're an actor
well like okay you know you don't want to fucking but how many i mean how i mean i'm assuming like
whether they're both single or not doesn't even matter.
Yeah, two very attractive people who are naked.
You're like, okay, that was a hot scene.
You kind of felt me hard.
Let's go back to the trailer and thumpity-thump.
And honestly, a girl can get excited.
No one's really going to know unless they, you know, the old.
Yeah, no shit.
You know, so it's an interesting point.
I don't know how we got there.
Well, this is this type of episode.
There's nothing going on.
Ramble on.
At this time, we should mention Will Butcher signed with the New Jersey Devils.
He's a small defenseman who works his game around Duncan Keith
and other small defensemen in the league like Jared Spurgeon, blah, blah, blah.
Another college player who didn't quite hold the hostage.
Someone like, I guess, Jimmy Veazey did last summer.
I know.
I know.
It's funny.
I think at some point they'll actually change that rule.
Yeah, it does seem to penalizeize juniors kids, doesn't it?
A little bit.
Yeah, but they should be penalized.
Is it penalized or penalized?
I like penalized.
I think it's penalized.
And I think that if you don't go to college, then maybe you deserve to get a little penalized.
Actually, I love junior guys.
I love junior guys.
You're always beauties.
What the hell?
Yeah.
Yeah, really.
I mean, honestly, we were like Looking at NHL.com
To scrape stories
And like
Tuka Rask
Kicking a fucking field
On Patriots
Is one of the highlights
On NHL.com right now
Drill the 40 yarder though
He did drill the 40 yarder
Lindros
Forget his number
Retired in Philadelphia
The big E
Number 8
8
And it seems like
Probably should have
Happened a while ago
But I guess they have
A team rule
That you have to be
In the hall of fame
The hockey hall of fame Before they'll retire your number.
No shit.
Which is a weird thing, because it's a fucking team.
You can make your own rules, you know?
I really respect that, though.
The Red Sox used to have that.
Not anymore, though, right?
I think they changed it.
Well, I just feel like...
Actually, you know what?
I don't know.
I just feel like to put a number up in a stadium, like, it can't just...
The Celtics have fucking 35 numbers retired.
Lasky.
Lasky.
They got equipment managers' names up there.
What were you just saying about...
Oh, dude, who's driving this train?
No, nobody's driving this train.
I think Lindros will not not be kind of remembered for how dominant he
was only because it wasn't for that long of a time but i i specifically remember being you know 11 or
12 years old and you'd play nhl like 96 whatever it was 95 and you really couldn't be lindros like
he was so sick and in the in in real life he was just running guys over fighting scoring i actually
when he was in dallas at the end of his career it was it was a shit it was a shell of himself yeah
um willie mazen it was a shell it was a shell of himself or whatever he's probably making still
making two million whatever who gives a fuck no idea by the way how about some guy called you out
for ruining not a big deal on the man sorry no i saw you like it is what i saw
well either way so um we're in we're in dallas dad's trip and i lifted there was a puck on the
goal line and i lifted his stick like an easy tap in and i somehow now mind you this is a shell of
lindros and this was probably me me playing the best I've ever played.
Lifted his stick, and he couldn't bang home this little tap.
And at the end of the game, the video was shown the next day,
and it was Terrian who hated my guts.
He's like, great play, great play.
I was like, holy fuck, I lifted the Big E's stick.
I'll always remember that.
It was like half of Eric Lindros.
If it was Lindros in Philly, he would have punched me in the head,
scored, and then kicked me as he celebrated. I remember I asked
Big Walt one year. It was probably
93, 94, Kiki Chuck, when
Winnipeg was in town. I'm like,
who's the best in the league? I didn't even
wait a second. He's like, Lindros, man.
He changed the game.
He was a phenomenal player.
He dominated it,
though. He was so big and strong. It was a different type
player though. It was like, I guess Cam
Neely was him in a way, but not as fast,
not as dominant, not as good as a
playmaker. Yeah, Cam Neely
was, I think, a better
pure goal scorer than Lindros. But in terms of an
overall player, actually setting guys up.
Yeah, he was total package, man.
There was no doubt about it. And I think
how things would have played out if he hadn't held out.
I mean, that changed the trajectory of two franchises immensely
because he could have done what most kids did
and appreciated being drafted by a team
and just going and doing what you're supposed to do.
But his father was like, no, man, I don't like the owners in Quebec.
I don't like the situation there.
And they ended up forcing the trade.
Remember the Rangers actually thought they had him first And they made two trades
And it was
I know we're going down
On the clock back here
But I mean
It just
This is what kids don't remember
That's what I'm saying
For the younger hockey fans
That's kind of where
I was getting to
He was so
Fucking good
And dominant
And people don't remember
He didn't play long enough
Well because
To keep his head up man
That's the hate to say it
But if he kept his head up a little more,
dude,
he might have played another 10 years.
My guess is that started with just being so much bigger and stronger than kids when you're 15 years old.
I mean,
he played in the OHL when he was 15,
I think.
So even before that,
13,
14 years old,
no,
even if guys hit you with your head down,
you're not going anywhere.
Right.
So you get used to being able to do that.
And it's just a vicious habit that I was i was i was actually i i was so lucky my father would always be keep your
head up keep your head up keep your head i'd be shooting pucks down the basement or passing with
him and he'd be like where you looking where you're looking and you look back you're like
holy you gotta you gotta keep your head up it was just something he never had to do i think it ended
up good but it's a good point downfall that's a good point yeah maybe we can get him on here and
ask him about it yeah he'd probably listen to this and. That's a good point, yeah. Maybe we can get him on here and ask him about it.
Yeah, he'd be great.
Probably listen to this and be like, no.
Yeah, but yeah, after you just said fucking,
I remember getting hit and not fucking being a dominant player.
No, he was definitely dominant, but I think you're right.
You can't tell the Eric Lindor story without talking about the concussions
because he had a, you know, like his career went downhill because of injuries.
He had to leave the game early because of it.
So it's unfortunately part of the story, But, you know, good for him.
He's getting a number retired.
Speaking of retired, Shane Doan also retired.
Shane Doan.
What a freaking heck of a guy.
Kind of similar player in a sense.
Like, you know, just a straight-up power forward.
Keith Yandel actually put an Instagram up of, you know, just kind of, I think, in honor of Shane.
No, not I think.
I know, in honor of Shane Doan, where he just said, listen, there was no better teammate in the world.
I had the great pleasure of playing with this legend.
He was an amazing player, but even a better man and a guy you would want your daughter to marry.
So I would say that's the ultimate compliment.
Dude, that is the ultimate hockey player compliment. Because nobody knows how big.
You play hockey with a guy, you're like, I wouldn't even want you dating my third cousin.
Yeah, seriously.
Like, you know how dirty every guy in the locker room is and all the whatever he's done on the road.
So for you to say that, I would have to have the guy marry my daughter.
That guy hasn't shaved this bush in six years.
He ain't dating anyone I know.
It's like, come on, man.
That's like the ultimate compliment.
But yeah, don't.
Yeah, exactly.
Great career.
Unfortunately, it was with a team similar to going back to Kachuk,
similar to Kachuk, who was much better than any team he was on.
He never really had a good playoff run except 2012.
They got to the finals.
Once the conference finals.
Everyone forgets that.
He had opportunities to go to other teams, and he did stay in Arizona.
They never seemed to really reward him for his loyalty,
but of course that's par for the course in the fucking pro sports world
yeah but that's a great player
who the fact that he doesn't swear
is just so funny
frick me
I don't even think he says
Jesus actually
definitely not that dude
he's a holy roller dude he definitely don't want to
use the Lord's name in vain
not like we do on this show yeah so Jesus is off the table I don't want to use the Lord's name in vain. No. Not like we do on this show.
A holy roller.
Yeah, so Jesus is off the table.
I don't see.
What's the big deal if you just drop an F-bomb?
I mean, for religious people, is that?
We're not going to go.
Is this a crazy subject?
Yeah, well, we don't want to bore people talking about it.
Did you see that Mayweather fight?
Did you see that Mayweather?
There we go.
Segway.
Segway from peace and love to fighting.
I watched it on my iPhone.
By the way, shout out Periscope.
When you're looking for hot streams when there's a fight on, people will push the-
Go to Periscope, dude.
Nine million people are recording it, and you can watch it on your phone.
Pull it up on your computer, too.
So you're just watching someone Periscoping it.
So you've got to think that-
Well, before we get into that I mean I think Most people watched it
If they didn't watch it
They at least kinda saw a replay
I gotta think that like
In the future
With pay-per-view
They're gonna
How are they gonna continue
To kinda
Will it always still
Stay this way
You know
The pay-per-view fights
If it's a big fight
80 to 100 bucks
And this many people
Can stream it
It's online
Like at some point
This is gonna be an issue Well it's an issue now and i think as like the younger crowd now like i can't figure
out how well they get older these because these guys don't pay for shit his generation they don't
they haven't paid you have cable i do that's that's actually a big deal for someone you're
yeah but like you know well this would a kid they fucking get everything they steal everything
online but i also read that they're cracking down
on a ton of the people that Periscope the fight.
So they can end up going in
and kind of kicking you off the account.
But wasn't it the stream?
I think it was the illegal streams
that they were cracking down.
Like more the internet
because you could trace those.
See what Periscope,
I mean it's someone video,
I guess yeah,
it's technically against the law.
It's just something
that they're going to always have to play whack-a-mole with.
And this is what Hollywood does.
It's what the music industry does.
Anybody who has any content online that they sell, they're going to get beat for it.
It's just the price of doing business.
I dummied Napster until that thing went down.
It's going to be the same type thing.
Yeah, exactly.
That fight, though, is  well, they always start at 12 o'clock, too.
Is it just because it's 9 out there?
That's exactly right.
The local time is only 9 o'clock. that nine o'clock is early in vegas nine o'clock is
usually i'm like getting out of my nap i think espn just bought the right open on the table
just bought top top box top right boxing or whatever it is they just bought a ton of right
so we'll be on espn now at least i bet it will be a little earlier big boxing matches like no not
the big ones they won't be on ESPN.
Well, they bought the rights.
Oh, really?
Yeah.
See, it's funny.
Boxing, it's another sport.
I mean, it's obviously still a big sport,
but it is absolutely fucking nothing compared to what it used to be.
And I know this is a fucking, those are the days.
It's just, there's no, I mean, like, this event was the other night.
It was the biggest boxing event since the Pacquiao fight,
and it wasn't even two boxes.
I don't know.
See, my age group, we don't even know good...
I mean, I remember Mike Tyson, but not really.
Mike Tyson's punch out?
I barely remember that kind of stuff,
so we don't know good boxing.
Yeah, it's just not what...
I mean, I can't even say...
I remember my father waking me up,
or not waking me up, telling me to come down
to watch Mickey Ward and Arturo Gatti.
That was sick. I was at the second... By the the way the first fight was on like espn i think yeah
then it started getting i was at the second one donald lennon yeah so those were those were sick
fights but you don't you don't just see that do you have you ever heard of these guys yeah oh yeah
because of the fighter because of the fighter um yeah i mean i i i had fun watching the fight, though. I really did. And I also hit...
I put two hundo on McGregor just because I was like,
if he wins and I didn't bet him,
I'm going to lose my mind.
And then I hammered over eight and a half rounds.
So once the eighth round ended,
I was celebrating that.
So I ended up winning on that
and I didn't really care.
Then I was just like, oh, maybe it hits him with a haymaker.
But it was funny.
Just like I have one buddy who kind of knows about boxing.
He's into it.
Big McGregor fan.
He kind of brought up five rounds, five minutes in MMA is 25 minutes.
So after that, we'll see.
And in the ninth round, which is the 25th, 26th, 27th, he was done.
So it was kind of pretty much easy to figure out that he couldn't last that long.
He didn't really know what he was doing boxing, I feel like.
He looked so much bigger than him and heavier.
I thought he towered over him.
Well, he said he was going to fight at 170.
How do they do that, by the way?
If he gained 18 pounds from the day of the weigh-in to the fight, what do they do?
Just crush McDonald's?
They dehydrate themselves. For the weigh-in? way in for the fight yeah i got ripped on this for
not knowing this on twitter someone explained it to me they dehydrate themselves like really
really bad before the fight lose all the weight and then the night the next day just pound carbs
ice cream sundaes snackers bars i did a couple pro like high odd props like i knew i knew he
wasn't gonna win the fight
but I'm like
well fuck it
you know
what I took into account
was that you know
they never fought before
Mayweather's pretty much
defensive
or he wasn't
in the later rounds
the other night
it might go the distance
and there's Vegas judges involved
it was more like
not so much
that McGregor
is actually going to beat him
but the history
of Vegas judges
is fucking shady
as fuck
so if like it wasn't even really that close of a fight and it was going to come down to a decision,
I was like rolling the dice at some corrupt judge.
For 60 to 1, I mean, there'll be nothing better to pop something like that.
But yeah, he rope-adopted.
I mean, he gave him the first three rounds just to feel him out.
He also, I heard, went in to bet on himself winning in the eighth and ninth round.
Yeah, he tried to bet under nine and a half rounds.
They wouldn't take it, though.
Do you think they wouldn't take it because they knew he can kind of control this?
Yeah.
I mean, you're allowed to bet on yourself, but they don't have to take the action.
Why can't Pete Rose?
I think Pete Rose should be in the Hall of Fame.
Pete Rose didn't play in Vegas either.
Yeah, that's another key to camera.
Valid point.
Valid point.
But even when you see McGregor's left, honestly, it reminded me of fighting back against my little brother when he was in puberty and I wasn't.
I know.
It's like you can't even  he just couldn't do nothing because it's a totally different way you hit them in the MMA.
So it's like right away, I'm like, he can't even hurt him.
I mean, the only way he was going to win that fight was with a lucky shot.
And he did catch him with that early uppercut.
Caught him with that uppercut.
And even Floyd kind of brushed it off.
And then Floyd, by the end, I mean, at first, I'm like, oh, they called it.
But then when you watch it, Floyd would have just dummied him for another round.
I would have liked to have seen the break just to go to the 10th round just for why not.
But the stop was appropriate.
It's amazing, too, that that stupid fucking clown Mayweather, he's going to go bankrupt, too.
I'm calling.
He will go bankrupt
how about Robbie Fox almost fighting his father
did you see oh yeah Robbie Fox
Barstool employee no no that was so
so that was Barstool radio that was probably more
entertainment if anyone hasn't seen that
for non
Bobby Fox he's that MMA and boxing
guy it would have been great if Mayweather Sr.
suckered him and he could sue him
that's what he said he wrote he goes I mean he didn't flinch at all like I mean fucks he's an MMA and boxing guy. It would have been great if Mayweather Sr. suckered him and he could sue him or something.
That's what he said. He didn't flinch
at all. He's an 18-year-old.
He weighs about 140 pounds.
I bet you in his head he was like, please hit me.
He goes, I wish he did.
What's he going to do? Break my nose?
It's like Rocky V. He's like, hit me and I'll sue.
That Don King character.
He would have fucking sued his socks off.
Tommy Gunn got fucking AIDS, by the way.
R.I.P.
Rocky V.
He's got, oh, did you see the 30?
He's got a 30 for 30 coming, right?
He did pass away, right?
He did, right?
Yeah.
But he got a, no, dude, I'm still kind of on an officer in med, so my mental acuity
isn't 100.
All natural.
He's all natural, guys.
All natural meds.
But with
No
With 30 for 30
Was just all
The Dallas Cotter High
Did you watch that one?
Oh no I haven't seen that yet
That was a good one
That's the team who played against
Yes the urban
The urban team
From Friday Night Lights
Yeah and we mean
The all black team
Yeah
Those guys
That's really fast
And way stronger
But it was actually crazy
I never really was
Knew much about the story
Basically dude
Like half these kids had fucking scholarships.
They had this wicked, crazy...
Oh, the high school.
Yeah, the high school tournament.
They were getting fucked.
I mean, it was obviously...
Don't ruin it for me, though.
All right, well, in that case, it was nuts, dude.
I couldn't believe how stupid some of these kids were to just throw shit away.
I thought you were familiar with it.
No, no.
I mean, I've heard about it, but I want to watch that.
Have you seen Last Chance U on Netflix it No no I mean I've heard about it But I want to watch that Have you seen
Last Chance U on Netflix?
No I never
I've seen it
I just never watched it
Check it out
It's pretty good
Yeah
Yeah dude
These kids are complete morons
What else
Anything
Any fucking other good shit on Netflix?
I feel like that
Any fucking other good shit
Sorry dude
My brain's not all here
I can't think of
I was like
Any fucking other good shit.
I remember saying one time when I was in middle school at the dinner table, like, that's pissing.
My parents are like, what'd you just say?
Don't you ever say that again?
I was like, oh, shit.
I guess I can't say any fucking other good shit later on in life talking about TV.
I don't know what's been on, man.
Game of Thrones, dude.
I've been crushing that.
I was so sad to see that
it's not on until 2019
seriously
it's gonna take forever
I thought they
this year
I didn't think it was that
great of a season
there was some good scenes
but you know like
one thing about the show
and like for Clancy
went off on this online
it's like
yeah it's fucking Fantasyland
and dragons and magic
and all this shit
but it was like
believable in that world
this year right
you really had like
strained fucking like credibility this year and you know again it is already a fantasy world but it was like believable in that world this year right you really had like strained fucking like credibility this year and you know again it's it is already a fantasy world but it
was just like all right wait a minute i'm already i'm for like the two episodes i was predicting
like well before it was happening all right all right you're gonna show up with a dragon the
dragon's gonna fucking die and turn it was zombie and it's like it happened i'm like come on man
this you know yeah but it was it was the one show that hasn't been able to like you've been able to
predict you know exactly although that scumbag little finger dying was great yeah but my brother It was the one show that hasn't been able to, like, you've been able to predict. Right, exactly.
Although that scumbag Littlefinger dying was great.
Yeah.
My brother loved him.
I think he's a loser.
Even that felt like fan service almost.
Because this guy, he's been so huge.
I mean, he basically gets the whole plot of the story going.
And now the Stock Sisters look dumb for four episodes.
And meanwhile, they were fooling him the whole time. It just seems like they felt like they had to kill somebody, and they sacrificed him because they didn't want to sacrifice any of the real,
true big guns, you know?
Yeah.
Oh, by the way, completely off subject.
What else?
I talked to somebody in the Penguins organization who said Sidney Crosby
is completely obsessed, in quotations,
with becoming the first modern team to go three in a row.
I thought you were going to say come on, spit and check.
No, we'll try to get Sid on there.
If he's on there, I can't even try to.
My number one and two in no particular order to get on here is Sid and number four.
Yeah, absolutely.
I think we can maybe get it done.
On no order.
Yeah, no order at all.
But number four, dude, if we could get him in person.
Dude, I'll be like fucking Sanford and something.
I'll have to put you in
a straight jacket. You'll be trying to
sneak in lube in your underwear.
Dude, the last three-peater was
was it the
Edmonton won it in
84, 85,
87,
88. No, the Oilers
never three-peated. They won five. I'm sorry, it was the Islanders. Yeah, so. No, the Oilers never three-peated. They won five.
No, I'm sorry.
It was the Islanders.
The Islanders, right.
Yeah, so yeah, the last three-peat.
Wow, dude, that's...
No, the Oilers won four in a row.
No, no, no.
The Oilers won it in 84, 85.
Grinnell, get on this quick.
86 was the Canadians.
87 was the Oilers.
88 was the Oilers.
89 was the Flames.
89.
90.
90 was the Oilers.
They won four in six years.
Yeah, because Patrick O'Lough was the rookie of, 89. 90. 90 was the Oilers. They won four in six years.
Yeah, because Patrick Waugh was the Rookie of the Year in 86,
and Landy McDonald won it
with the Flames in 89.
That's big time, dude.
Don't fuck with me, motherfucker.
That's big time right there.
All right.
You guys want to test me
on who shoots righty or lefty?
No.
I think we should take some...
You know what?
It's a fan episode.
We're boring the fuck out of them right now,
so let's take some of their questions.
Yeah, I'm sorry, guys.
We don't have much right now.
Yeah, we're having some fun with it.
This week's All Right Hamilton is brought to you by DraftKings.com.
You know you've been waiting for this since February 6th
after the Patriots' epic comeback versus the Atlanta Falcons.
Football season's almost here,
and there's no better way to get closer to the game you love
than with DraftKings One Week Fantasy Football.
To celebrate, DraftKings is hosting a 100,000 contest that is totally
free to enter. If you draft the perfect lineup, you can win 1 billion. I don't know if Blake
Bortles is going to get it done for me this year like he did a couple years ago, but I'm going to
take a crack. With DraftKings, there are many ways to play. Choose between public contests with big
cash prizes or private contests where you compete against a group of your friends. DraftKings also
has beginner and casual contests where you'll play against group of your friends. DraftKings also has beginner and casual contests
where you'll play against people of similar skill level.
The best part is you get to draft a new team each week without any commitment.
Not like those all-leagues you're in all the time.
You got to check your stuff every day and all that.
It's different.
You get a new team every week, new lineup every week.
Really jazz it up.
So go to DraftKings.com now and use the promo code CHICKLETS,
C-H-I-C-L-E-T-S,
to play in DraftKings' free week one contest with 100,000 in total prizes.
And if you draft the perfect lineup, you can win 1 billion.
That's promo code CHICKLETS, C-H-I-C-L-E-T-S, to play for your shot to win 1 billion week one.
The contest is totally free to enter.
Why wouldn't you try?
DraftKings, the game inside the game.
Eligibility restrictions reply.
See DraftKings.com for details.
All right, so Murray asked.
Sick haircut, Grinnelly.
Thank you.
Thank you.
I appreciate that.
A little Nazi-esque.
A little high-tinted.
No, dude, it's high and tight, dude.
Oh, he's rattled.
He's rattled.
He's rattled.
It's high and tight.
He looks sick.
Murray doesn't know the current style. This is it. He looks great. I haven't broken his balls for rattled. He's rattled. He's rattled. He's high and tight. He looks sick. Murray doesn't know the current style.
This is it.
He looks great.
He's probably whacking right now.
All right, so Murray asks, who leaves a bigger legacy in Pitt, Sid or Mario?
All right, Hamilton.
Okay, listen.
It has to be Mario.
He saved the team, bought the team.
If Sid someday buys the team, it might change it.
But because he was one of the top five greatest players of all time
and then ended up buying the team and keeping the team in Pittsburgh,
to that it's number 66.
Right now, I agree with Whitney.
Like, Sid lived in his house.
Yeah, exactly, yeah.
Who's the idol?
I mean, who's the, what is the word?
Legacy? Holder? There you go. Who's more of the fool? Are you going with him, you know? Yeah, yeah. Who's the idol? I mean, who's the, what is the word? Legacy?
Holder?
There you go.
Who's Marlefu?
Are you going Lemieux?
Yeah, yeah.
I mean, as much as like.
But if Sid gets two or three.
That took the words right out of my mouth.
If Sid wins five cups, then, you know, five is more than two.
And then Lemieux's son can live in Sid's house.
Oh, we could do this for a long time.
So, yeah, but Mario Lemieux, you're right.
He's one of the, you know the greatest ever, greatest forwards ever.
Talk about dominant, man.
He's a guy you wish had his health all the time.
I loved watching him as a player, but, I mean, when he was a player,
definitely Lemieux, but definitely can be revisited.
And he's a nasty golfer.
I'd say Sid.
I'd say Sid, too, if he wins a few more cups.
All right.
All right.
David Troyer asks uh top five characters
from a hockey tv show or movie all right the horny old bastard in slapshots the funniest dude
which what with the oh maurice yeah maurice van zack he's calling that snag nipples
comes up to me without even saying hello nipples
i remember being like holy shit is this what it's like?
Go to the Palm Isle.
Fuck the barmaid.
Last trip.
I love that guy.
What other movies?
All right, first three of the Hansons.
One, two, three, pick them in your order.
Number four, Reg Dunlop.
Number five, fucking...
Well, you said... I'll give you Maurice Warnchuck. Thank you, thank you. I'll give you Maurice one Chuck
I'll say number five
Give me Dickie Dunn
Big J
Just a complete liar
I like
I like the nasty defenseman that
Patrick Swayze played
In Youngblood
He was the D-man
And I just remember I was D-man.
I'm like, oh, this guy's sick.
He's in juniors.
He's going to NH.
Remember?
He was like the stud.
He got fucking slashed in the back of the head by Racky.
Yeah, dude.
That guy was one of my favorites.
Mrs. McGill from Youngblood who whacked all the guys who lived in her house.
Billet Moms.
By the way, you know there's a couple guys who married Billet Moms.
I'm not going to say names, but a guy I played with went played for his team she was married at the
time he moves into the house next thing you know she ends up leaving the husband and she's with him
oh wow so that is the husband that is a late cucking i've always i've always i lived it i
lived at billet families in ann arbor amazing people dave and dotty linebaugh dave for years
i hope he still does. I haven't talked
to him. I feel bad, but he opened the door
for one of the penalty boxes at
Michigan Yost Arena. Just a great guy.
Great family. There's no way they're listening to this, but
if anyone knows him, tell him I said hello.
But I used to think, and they didn't have kids, right?
I used to think if you're a
father of a daughter,
like that's some
like 15 to 17
18 years old
and you have a
fucking
hockey player
live in your house
you're the dumbest
human being
I've ever met
like are you kidding me
I remember guys
would move in
and there'd be like
a girl their age
some of them
like what do you think
is gonna happen
you sickos
I mean
lucky for the kids
who got to live there
but if you take a
billet kid in
alright so you got
Maurice Wanchuk
Fucking
Pat Swayze
The billet mom
They all fucked
Okay who else
Hockey movies
Oh I love
The coach of the ducks
I mean not the coach
Of the ducks
The coach of the
The scumbag team
The hawks
Yeah the hawks
It ain't worth winning
If you can't win big
He was a complete
prick uh other hockey movies all movies that other hockey movies fuck man i don't know where
my fifth is i don't you know what the don cherry made for tv movie that was on cbc was great i
don't know who played him but they showed don cherry's career kind of being you know going
from a player into a coach so that'll be my fifth all right um
special shout out though to suzanne hanrahan's 1970s banana boobs because uh i forgot you know
when you mentioned the billet mom remember when reggie's in the bed oh yeah that got me going i
remember i remember like holy she's gonna rewind that yeah rewinding a vhs too the mom from our
close encounters of the third kind never seen it ask a millennial yeah god oh fuck all right we're
gonna do a couple more here.
We're fucking two
jabber jaws
we've been going.
All right,
but before we get
to this next one,
I wanted to talk
to you guys
about our good friends
over at mybookie.ag,
the number one
rated online
sports action site
for three straight years.
Now,
I've been cashing out
on the reg
on the MLB action
they offer every day.
You can also score big on the NFL season that's right around the corner
along with hockey and basketball in just a few months.
Now, you know who's going to win.
So put your money where your mouth is, lay some cash down, and win big today.
Join thousands of online players just like me and start betting at MyBookie.
Sign up and collect a 100 bonus
and double your bankroll on the house.
Just use promo code SPIT to get started today.
Now, they have live in-game betting,
the most rewarding player perks in the business,
and an all-new best-in-class mobile website
that makes wagering on the go a breeze.
And unlike some other websites,
you might find MyBookie offers fast,
no hassle payouts whenever you win. So join now and MyBookie will match your deposit with a 100
bonus. Use promo code SPIT to activate the offer. Visit mybookie.ag today or call 844-900-BETS.
That's 844-900-BETS. You play, you win, you get paid.
Expert or rookie, you got to check out my bookie.
Sign up today.
Would you rather give up, Cody Early asked,
would you rather give up all drinks including alcohol
except for water or give up eating anything
that was cooked in an oven? All right, Hamilton. Holy shit. eating anything that was cooked in an oven.
All right, Hamilton.
Holy shit.
I can't give up anything cooked in an oven, dude.
100.
I'm not giving up booze.
That's no question.
There's so many other ways you can cook food.
I mean, like an oven.
It's an oven, dude.
Just last night, I cooked some pasta that was in water
that wasn't in the oven.
I made a pizza in the microwave oven.
Grill.
Dude, a grill.
Grill the pizza.
An open flame, dude. That's all you need to cook. Yeah. All right. Soon enough. Booze wins in that oven. I made a pizza in the microwave. Oh, microwave oven. Grill. Do it a grill. Grill the pizza. An open flame. That's all you need
to cook. Yeah. Alright. Soon enough.
Booze wins in that one.
Booze wins. Booze wins. Alright. Cameron Fox
asks, biggest nerd or smart guy
you've ever played with?
Oh.
Fuck. I've played with
some smart guys. I'm thinking immediately of
Harvard people I played with.
Riggsie.
Didn't play with him. Fuck. I'm thinking immediately of Harvard people I played with. Riggsie. Didn't play with him.
Fuck.
Really smart guy.
Damn, I'd have to think
about that one.
I can't even think of anyone.
I know there's been
really, really intelligent
people that I've played with.
Craig Adams?
How about Craig Adams?
Did you play with him?
I never...
We were never on
the same team, actually.
We've skated in the summer.
He's smart.
Steve, Don Moore.
Yeah, those are Harvard guys.
I feel like there's someone else that's a genius that I can't even remember.
Shows how unintelligent I seem right now that I can't remember.
That's the guy who's always doing the crossword puzzle on the paper and like fucking...
Yeah.
Crossword puzzle.
I can't get three crosswords in the Monday puzzle.
On the quiet side. Do you know what gets harder every day of the week? I can't get three crosswords in the Monday puzzle. On the quiet side.
Do you know it gets harder every day of the week?
I haven't done a crossword.
I haven't bought a newspaper in ages.
You're a Sudoku guy.
No, no, I'm not.
I don't really do any of those puzzles anymore.
I used to like when I bought the paper years ago,
but the fucking paper sucks, man.
The Herald's trash around here.
The Globe's junk.
They get thinner and they charge more money.
They charge 2 for the fucking thing.
I haven't read the paper.
We'll do one more and then we'll fucking let you people loose.
All right, so Sean Williamson asked,
Best Player of the Game Award,
and then he left a picture of the Bruins jacket from 2011.
All right, how's it?
Oh, in terms of what the guys get?
Yeah, what you get for Player of the Game.
This is bad radio, but you know who took that picture?
Don't say you.
Yep.
Oh, shit.
I swear to God, that's the only picture of that.
That picture, it got passed around for the bad radio.
It's the ugly, not Stata jacket.
It was like whatever.
It's not that bad, though.
Yeah, Andrew Furman's bought it online.
Yeah, dude, I didn't know you weren't supposed to take pictures in the locker room.
That was the rule. You didn't get shit for that? No one even saw me take it, but later I went to a Bobo. Like, yeah, Andrew Furman's bought online. Yeah, dude, I didn't know you weren't supposed to take pictures in the locker room. That was the rule.
Did you get shit for that?
And no one even saw me take it.
But, like, later I went to take another one.
Someone was like, oh, you can't take pictures in there.
I genuinely didn't know that.
I was like, oh, sorry.
I won't.
You're like, dude, I've seen 9,000 pictures from in this locker room.
What are you talking about?
Yeah, exactly.
But I guess these only certain people.
But I took that.
And then that night when Horton got gets but got buried i wrote the blog
and i just wrote appropriate that i didn't even write like any words i just had a picture of the
jacket there yeah i don't know if you remember it was it went up the night of that game i think i
do actually remember that uh i don't know they all seem pretty similar whether it's like a fire
whether it's a hat or some jacket or something like that i I just kind of think that that's kind of a cool way
to let one guy feel special in front of the team.
That came around when I was out of the league.
I was never, maybe, you know,
it was probably there when I was still playing,
but no teams I was on ever did it.
I would have never got one either.
Yeah, like the junkyard dog chain and that type of shit.
Yeah.
It's not those type of gimmicks.
But it's cool to like one guy that had it last game
can actually call it someone else.
I mean, you got to respect that. That's being a good team guy absolutely guy all right hamilton is also
brought to you by dollar shave club do you guys know dollar shave club is the smarter choice
spending money on ridiculous razors and the cost of them is so painful i'm telling you i've been
doing it for years and finally with dollar shave, I realized this is the way to go.
It's a complete life hack, absolute no-brainer.
You no longer have to schlep to the store
to buy a cheap disposable razor
that gave you a cheap shave with nasty razor burn.
Or you don't have to spend a fortune on razors
with gimmicky shaving tech
that you don't really need or want.
And when I use my Dollar Shave Club Executive Razor with the Dr. Carver Shave Butter, the
blade just gently slides, giving me such a smooth shave on my butt chin that I love that
I have Tom Brady as my husband, too, in case you want to know.
Their Dr. Carver Shave Butter is transparent for a more precise shave, helps prevent ingrown
hairs, and fights razor bumps.
You, too, can make the smarter choice
by joining Dollar Shave Club.
For a limited time,
new members get their first month
of the exclusive razor
with a tube of the Dr. Carver Shave Butter
for only 5 with free shipping.
After that, razors are just a few bucks a month.
I'm telling you, it's well worth it.
That's a 15 value for only 5.
In your first month box,
you get an awesome weighty handle,
a full cassette of four cartridges, and a tube of the shave butter.
After your first month, replacement cartridges ship automatically at their regular price.
You won't have to order them. They'll just be there.
There are no hidden fees and no commitments.
Cancel anytime you want.
You can only get this offer exclusively at dollarshaveclub.com slash chicklets.
That's dollarshaveclub.com slash chicklets.
C-H-I-C-L-E-T-S.
Do it.
All right.
Well, I know we didn't have a lot of hockey to discuss this week.
What else can we talk about hockey?
All right.
Well, you think the Penguins win it?
This year?
Yeah.
No.
Three-peat?
No.
No three-peat.
Capitals ain't going to win it?
Nope.
Dude, which I'll put Toronto, dude.
I know, dude.
It's crazy.
Toronto ain't winning the Cup this year.
No chance.
Although, I would like to maybe throw a bet in it, though.
Yeah.
No.
Actually, no.
With the odds, I don't want to talk about it this early because we haven't even started
training camp yet.
We can't get a true idea.
Yeah.
Once we know.
We get closer.
Again, yeah.
This is, like I said, it's dry season.
We wanted to catch up with our listeners.
We haven't really felt like we communicated with you guys.
So we're a little goofy show today, a little more all right Hamilton than usual.
But we'll have some more action when the season gets going.
Next week, like I said, we got an interview lined up with a future Hall of Famer next week.
We're going back to a little bit more of a format you're used to.
It's going to be good stuff.
And we'll catch up with you then.
All right.
Peace out.
Peace.
Peace.
Peace.
Peace.
Peace.
Peace.
Peace.
Peace.
Peace.
Peace.
Peace.
Peace.
Peace.
Peace.
Peace.
Peace.
Peace.
Peace.
I want to go drive today. go to podcastone.com slash my survey. It only takes a few minutes and it gives you the opportunity to make a direct impact on your favorite shows.
Tell us how you really feel so we can get to know you better.
We value your thoughts and participation.
So check out the survey at podcastone.com slash my survey or click on the survey banner on podcastone.com.
