Hey, Spittin' Chicklets listeners, you can find every episode on Apple Podcasts,
Spotify, or YouTube. Prime members can listen ad-free on Amazon Music.
Hello, everybody.
Welcome to episode 424 of Spittin' Chicklets, presented by Pink Whitney.
From our friends at New Amsterdam Vodka here in the Barstool Sports Podcast family.
How's it going, everyone?
Hope you enjoyed the weekend.
A lot of pucks, a lot of football, whatever else tickles your fancy.
We're going to see what the boys are up to. But first, we want to let you know that G's not going to be with us today.
Unfortunately, he had a death in the family.
So we want to extend our sympathies to
G and his family for their loss. He'll be back with
us next week. So we'll go to Biz
first to say hello and see how his weekend was. What's
up, buddy? Condolences to
Mr. Grinnell and the whole family. That's
always tough to go through. This one hit him hard,
folks. Someone very, very
close to him. So we're all thinking of him.
Let's dedicate the pod to Grinnell. Let's fucking bring the energy for him. He's a huge, very close to him. So we're all thinking of him. Let's dedicate the pod to Grinnelli. Let's fucking bring the energy for him,
man. He's a, he's a huge, huge component into this whole thing.
And I don't think any,
as many people who listen know what he does behind the scenes in order to help
this machine run. So shout out to G as far as I'm concerned,
it was a pretty relaxing weekend.
I'm really holding to on my new year's resolutions as far as getting in shape, getting the mind and body right, Ryan.
You know what I mean?
That's good for you.
I mean, this seems to be kind of a back and forth thing for you, but maybe just early in January, we're going to crush the next few months minimum.
What do you mean by back and forth thing?
Well, I feel like you kind of of get really into it but then with traveling
stuff it maybe disappears a little bit then you get really back into it again and you go on your
whole foods crunchy hikes just feel good i'm on the whole foods kick right now buddy i'm eating
clean i'm shitting like three times a day uh what ghost wipes what do you mean by ghost wipes oh
just you just give that one oh yeah it's yeah. It's like yogurt at this point.
Yeah.
I usually give it the courtesy.
Look at the.
Hey, didn't you tell me recently that you were a front wiper?
At one point at a young age, I was wiping in the wrong direction.
And I remember like a teammate like back in the day was like, what the fuck?
Is it towards your ball bag i was like oh man
is this bad i blame my parents actually speaking of that ride riders now wiping his own ass what
a gong show he's like i did it and it's just like a turd on his thumb i'm like oh my god
holy shit oh no shit talk right off the shit all. Just shit all over the place. All over the Christmas. This went from nice hikes, workouts, and eating clean and healthy to just shit on your thumb.
But go ahead, Biz.
No, no.
It's good, man.
I mean, we got to talk about this stuff.
It's good to be shitting and wiping the right way.
So did you have to teach him?
Did he naturally just-
Yeah, we're teaching him.
We're teaching him.
So he's still going front side?
No, he's going towards the back.
He's going towards the lower back, which is the correct route.
You correct him.
That's just as important as teaching him the wind up on the clap bomb
when he gets on the ice, right?
Getting his edges.
Some would argue more important.
More important.
I would say let's put it more important.
But as far as I'm concerned, just a great recharge weekend.
Ready to come into this one.
Had a great time at TNT last week.
Fuck that we have some wacky interviews.
We had Drew Doughty saying the word bukkake and laughing like a child on national television.
But good to go.
Just actually before I hopped on here, 90 minutes I lasted on hold.
I battled through it.
They had the same song playing the whole time, which, as you know, at first, it's usually this generic, awful track.
But by the hour mark, you're kind of vibing.
Oh, you're dropping bars to it by the end.
You are just spitting hot fire on top of that awful tune.
As a company, if you know somebody is going to be on hold a long time, I suppose that they would think well having something playing you know you're on hold
and you know the call hasn't dropped but for me it's like just have it be silent and maybe every
like three or four minutes have something be said so that you don't have to have it on speakerphone
you can be doing things without listening to this absolute fire trash an hour an hour in are you testing the bars out you're not like like this one was like a
oh see that sucks like give me i know but you gotta figure it out you throw that at j cole
he's dropping it could you give me a little something to it like
i'm not in the musical sense of mind yet come back to me later okay all right you you got
something for us uh musically
no i i can't fucking carry a garbage bag let alone a tune but uh thank god you can shoot hoops oh we
gotta get to that shortly we're gonna get to that shortly wait wait before we introduce wit longest
you've ever waited on hold both of you oh i had a long one once um i don't remember what it was for
i it was probably 90 minutes to two hours, though. Yeah, I'd say
probably an hour and a half. Was it with Spirit Air?
Oh, dude.
I'll go into Spirit Air.
Alright, I'm sending it back to you. It's time to hear
from the old wit dog. Yeah,
Ryan, the wit dog. Wendy, how was your
weekend, buddy? It was phenomenal. I had
a great weekend. Like I mentioned
at the end of the last pod, I was leaving.
You know, we recorded Monday night, Tuesday morning. I had that 5.30 a.m. flight I mentioned at the end of the last pod, I was leaving. We recorded Monday
night, Tuesday morning. I had that 5.30
a.m. flight on Spirit. Now
people came at me like, why would
you take Spirit, take a later flight? I addressed
on the last podcast, it was to get
down there earlier. It was either a jet
blue that landed at 11.40
and you missed the whole
possibly 9.30
to noon, maybe 1, 2 o'clock of golf,
or you just battle the elements, you battle spirit and you deal with getting there and
getting down and getting more holes in, right? It's like Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday, I flew
home Thursday night. So 5.30 flight, right? I set my alarm for 3.10. I live really, really close to
the airport with no traffic. Like I'll leave, I'll leave at that time.
And it'd take me 12 minutes.
And, um, so I ended up getting, I hopped in the shower, I get into the car and I got
to Logan.
I walked in to, you know, where you check in at the desks at 340.
Okay.
That's an hour and 50 minutes before the flight.
I see this long line, a long line.
I'm like, no, but there was a bunch of different airlines there.
I'm like, I don't know if this is spirit.
Sure is shit.
I look around the corner.
It's spirit with one person working.
One person.
And I said, oh, you guys all waiting to check bags.
They're like, yep.
So I just walk into the end of the line.
I'm like, what the fuck did I do to myself?
What are you thinking?
So I stand there.
I realize within 10 minutes there is zero chance I'm getting on this flight
because you have to have your bags checked.
It's 45 minutes before the departure time.
So there was just no chance.
There was one person chance. There was
one person working. Now, mind you, this is a flight to Orlando. I saw two families, man,
that got there. The guy told me they got there at 320 going to Disney World. People saving up
their life savings to go to that trash ass park because you know they're not rocking the VIP.
Dude, they didn't get on the flight, man. These poor pricks. These poor people save all their money. They got their little kids. They didn't even get
on the flight. So I walked up after about 10, 15 minutes. And I realized I'm like, I think I'm
fucked. I walked up and walked in front and I was like, excuse me. I was like, is there any like
area for like a first class? I mean, I knew the answer, but I didn't know.
He's like, what?
Like he looked at me like the kid looked at R.A.
when he was shooting foul shots.
Like it was just like, what?
You know, I said, hey, you're right.
I was like, and at this point, I was like, I just want to get me and my buddy.
One armed bandit, Captain Action.
We wanted to just get on the flight.
I said, can I can I give you like 100 bucks to just get on the flight i said uh can i uh can i give you like
100 bucks to just check us in now he's like absolutely not i was like okay that was that
was a good try and i had to get on jet blue app and luckily there was two seats left for the
whatever it was the 840 to to orlando oh out. Yeah, so I ended up getting down there. We didn't get to the course
till around like 1, 1.30,
but we got 22 holes
in that day at Interlochen.
Beautiful golf course in Orlando.
We got 45 holes
the next day at Isleworth,
and then we got 40 holes
the next day at Interlochen.
So still got 107 holes
in three days.
It's a very successful trip.
I want to say that
the action started,
and thank you to my buddy Tim Bush,
Duxbury, Massachusetts native.
He quietly dropped on me
that he won the state championship
in hockey his senior year
and had five points
in the state title game
at the Fleet Center.
So I didn't even know he played hockey.
The guy was a gamer.
Five-point state title game.
I mean, that's Glory Days,
Bruce Springsteen type shit.
Shout out to him for setting it up.
He's a member at Interlochen.
The action started off at around a 200 Nassau.
The last four holes were being played for, I think, 10,000.
So it was, you know, Captain Action and I ended up coming over on top
with just an amazing final four holes victory,
just running the table when it really counts in the dark
before our flight home on JetBlue.
Spirit Airlines, by the way. I mean, it's like an airline that you see somebody take their shoes
and socks off and open a can of Canada Dry with their toes. It's just a fucking cage match. I feel
so sorry for the families who didn't make their flight to Orlando for Disney World. I feel so
sorry for anyone who has to fly that trash regularly. I mean, it's just a joke, an absolute disgrace.
And I'm not going to go on an airport rant, but it was an awesome time.
It was a bunch of golf.
We got one of those three day stretches where it was like 74 without a cloud in the sky and no wind.
Just beautiful time.
And then I came home and had a great weekend.
Rider at hockey Saturday, Sunday, watch football.
So, yeah, I'm ready to go.
I'm excited to talk.
Just be happy Odell Beckham Jr. was on your plane, man.
What an asshole.
And for everyone who doesn't know what Odell Beckham did,
I mean, maybe one of the most entitled, arrogant, selfish,
dickhead, piece of shit, loser, scumbag moves,
forced an entire plane to deplane and caused a two hour delay because he wouldn't just listen
to the flight attendants and put his goddamn pants on like no i think so i think it was the
he was used to use wrecked right yeah he he was partying all weekend or like a you know two three
day heater how you do it got in the seat reclined it didn't have the seat belt on and i think he
like basically passed out i don't know if he was ignoring the people when he was getting like moved to put his seatbelt on and or he was just
genuinely passed out because he had been drinking and partying so finally he gets woken up by the
cops and and he's like what the heck's going on that's kind of where the but like you said he oh
that's the disconnect in terms of like he didn't do anything that rude that's what people are trying to say kind of no i think that uh he was kind of like well i was passed out and like why is it just
cops where are the ambulance kind of thing like like if you know i was passed out that's kind of
what he was going with and then uh but then the whole making everybody deboard thing i think was
kind of just him being perplexed that he was getting kicked off because he was just passed
out and he didn't hear the lady tell him to put the seatbelt on and at the end of the day it's like
dude like it's like fuck the guy's passed out just fucking whatever like is that going to prevent the
plane from taking off like is that going to really okay so the clip i saw where i was really like
this guy's just a dickhead oh when he was chirping the whole yeah he's like i'm gonna be flying
private home you fat ass it's like buddy like why aren't you flying private to begin with then enjoy your
charcuterie board or something enjoy your fruit plate yeah enjoy your uh six cheez-its from i'll
say when you see when you see these videos now is like you just don't know the whole story so
then like the minute you try to like have an opinion it's like oh but that didn't happen it's like oh fuck i i generally don't care that much right all right
what was your take on it all right yeah you always that's a good point but you always got to look for
the full video because you don't know what might have happened right before or right after especially
in any video but yeah he just was acting like an entitled asshole when when you're gonna fuck up
200 other people's plans when you can just get off the plane yourself that's just an asshole move no matter what people are working traveling family they might be going to fuck up 200 other people's plans, when you can just get off the plane yourself, that's just an asshole move.
No matter what people are working,
traveling family,
they might be going to see dying relatives,
anything like that.
It's just a fucking asshole move that everybody had to get off the plane.
So yes.
Yeah.
Agreed.
Can I tell you two quick,
funny stories I heard down at,
um,
in Orlando.
So the kid I mentioned,
Bushy,
we're walking into a restaurant Tuesday night and he sees a guy,
you know,
his older gentleman just briefly met him,
but they stayed out and they were talking. He came and I was like, who's that? He's like,
oh, he lives down here. And a buddy of mine, good friends with Bush, he's a local guy,
Rob Oppenheim. He's played on the PGA Tour and the Corn Fairy Tour last 15 years. Great golfer.
Actually a couple of years, I think one year he got his card by like three bucks and one year he
didn't get his PGA Tour card by three bucks. Back when they used to do it by earnings. That's how you'd get your card based on like the top one 25 earning money.
So like a crazy grinding career, but an awesome guy. So Bushy's talking to this older gentleman,
he comes in, he goes, dude, I got some two funny stories about that guy. Um, doesn't even play
golf. Doesn't know anything about golf. And Oppenheim ended up bringing them out to caddy
firm. I believe it was on the corn fairy tour or whatever it used to be called.
And so he's, he's got this guy loop.
And I like the first story I heard he's dragging ass, right?
Like Oppenheim after like 10 holes, 11 holes, it's hard out.
He's like, Hey bud, can you, can you pick it up a little?
He's like, I'm like, what do you mean?
He's like, dude, I would you mean he's like dude i would walk
up to my ball i'd get my number i'd get i'd get the wind i'd know exactly what club i'd want and
i'd turn around this guy'd be 50 yards behind me and after four or five six holes of this i'm like
hey bud i need a little more he goes i'm giving you all i got he's like but what do you mean like
just hurry up like i need a little bit more. He's like, you fucking.
You fucking took me to Whole Foods this morning.
You gave me a goddamn kale smoothie at 9 a.m.
It's three o'clock right now.
This is all I fucking got, bud.
I ain't moving any quicker.
So a professional golfer is like, all right guess I guess I respect that. The other one
he told me was he says he's on the 72nd
hole. So the last hole, the tournament,
the last hole, the fourth round. And I
don't know what it was, but he decided to ask
this guy a question. He's like, what
do you think the wind's doing? And I guess the guy just
looks at him disgust. You fucking
kidding me, Rob? He's like, what? He goes
71 and a half
fucking holes. 71 and a half fucking holes 71 and a half holes you
haven't asked me one goddamn question and on the last approach shot of the tournament you're asking
me what i think the wind's doing i don't know it's a little in off the right for fuck's sake hit the
ball i was just laughing just immediate he caddied for him the whole weekend?
Yeah, I guess he's like brought him caddying.
He doesn't play golf.
He doesn't know golf, but he's a good guy,
and he breaks them around.
I thought you meant like one round where I'm holy.
Fuck.
But I was laughing at that stuff.
I love hearing a good golf story.
But we can move on.
Do you tip a guy like that with that situation?
Well, I think caddies end up making a certain percentage of what you make.
And then if guys win, they make like a higher percentage.
So I'm sure he pays him the normal percentage of what a caddy would make
based on the earnings.
Gotcha.
Here's what we're going to say, buddy.
Oh, no, I was I was just going to ask, should we talk football?
I didn't really watch any of the games.
The only play I saw was the Ravens with their last chance to try to tie it
against Cincinnati, and they fell short. Why wasn't Lamar Jackson playing? He hasn't played in a little while.
He's got a bad knee. There were reports that he could play. Now, he's a free agent, and he's going
to get a monster contract. And apparently, I don't know the ins and outs. I'm sure there's
some Ravens fans possibly listening or like, you know what you're talking about. But basically,
he's considered or he considers that he's getting lowballed.
And I don't know if he's going to end up going to free agency and signing with somebody else.
But that coupled with this injury, he couldn't go.
And I guess like there was a player on the Ravens who mentioned he has been like limping around.
Like it wasn't like some people said, I think he's fine enough to be playing, but he doesn't want to play.
But if you remember Robert Griffin, the third, who was a freak athlete unbelievable beginning
of his career he ended up playing in a playoff
game on the old disgusting
turf of where the Redskins or
whatever their name is now used to play
and he busted his knee
and was never the same so you kind of understand
like alright well if I'm getting
low ball by them and I can't go
I'm not going to go so I actually
thought the Bengals were going to blow them out.
I watched the whole weekend of football.
The Jaguars, what a comeback.
But I mean, that's Staley, the coach of the Chargers.
How does he still have a job right now?
I read a thing that they're up 27 call biz, 27 point lead.
They ran the ball seven times in the second half.
Like, I don't know,
maybe try to run them down and wear away the clock in the second half.
And it was the third biggest comeback in playoff NFL playoff history,
I believe.
Yes, it was.
It was the third biggest.
And just to go back to Lamar real quick,
because I don't know if you saw Sean Payton on the pregame show.
He said he,
he heard that he's all done in Baltimore.
He's not going to play there again because a lot of guys thought he could have played with it.
Everyone's hurt that time of year.
But, you know, the other side is he hasn't signed his 100 million contract yet.
He hasn't got that big payday.
So, I mean, I don't know, man.
Was he protecting himself or was he not being a gamer?
Who's to know?
But Barstool Banks, I'm not sure if you read him.
He covers the Ravens for Barstool Sports, does a terrific job on it.
And I guess he's been like a, you know, kind of a nuisance behind the scenes.
But the Baltimore media has kind of kept it hush hush up until now.
So, yeah, it's what are you playing for?
You play to win and you got an opportunity here and you're not taking it.
So you got to think he's got to must have lost some of those guys in that locker room.
No, no clue.
I know nothing.
I haven't been following football, but I did hear the most we talked about was uh you talked about the jaguars comeback was it al michaels and who's
the other guy where like apparently it was a lifeless broadcast as if though it was just like
a an exhibition game being played before the season they kicked a field goal to win the game
in the third biggest comeback in the history of the NFL playoffs. And let's play the call.
Here we go for the win.
Got it, but there's a flag down.
There's a flag down as everybody's running out onto the field.
But there's a penalty marking.
Outside.
Defense, number 26.
And they call it on the defense.
It was like an extra point in the second quarter of the third game of the season.
Now, Tony Dungy, I would say one of the most boring personalities in the history of being on television.
I mean, this guy just brings absolutely nothing to the table.
Just a total bore.
Al Michaels, one of the greats of all time.
The 1980 Miracle on Ice.
But, I mean, who knows if he has no desire
he already dogged that he had to do all the air he did the amazon games this year they're all trash
games and then maybe he doesn't like nbc they got rid of him but that was like it was like listening
to a pre-season game pathetic it was so bad man like you said it's a playoff nfl playoff game
no it no animation no nothing and dungey's always boring i don't know how fucking michaels drew the
short straw to be with him but didn't ruin the game because it was an awesome game but
did you see this wage as someone put uh we're not gonna mention the alpha they put in someone bet
1.4 million to make 11 200 when uh the charges are up 27 nothing like that has to be one of the
stupidest wages i've ever heard in my life oh my god are you dumbest no way no way it's so dumb
that i almost think it was like made up that it's fake like it's just because there's no there's no
reason it's what is what is what is 11 000 of 1.4 million is it even a percent is it even one percent
of the bet i can't i refuse to believe this. I actually think it's fake. We cannot be talking
about this on the podcast because this is a
fake story that did not happen.
I was skeptical too because of who initially
tweeted it out, but ESPN
verified it. Again, we're not going to mention the name of the
competitor. ESPN looked into it. It was
100 legit. It wasn't a fake screenshot
and that dork Ravel tweeted it out. He's
fucking goofball, but it was legit,
dude. Stupid. Exactly. 1.4, but it was legit, dude. Stupid.
Like exactly what?
1.4 mil to win 11,000.
Just you deserve to lose on that.
Every time you mention Ravel's name, you throw a shot.
Would I ever love to see?
I do too.
That's fair.
And I don't, I'm kind of indifferent because like an all time loser.
He's an all time loser.
All right, I'll jump on your bandwagon. You and him in a fucking boxing match, R.A.,
that would be a rough and rowdy.
Would he fight in that?
Has he ever been asked to fight in that?
I don't know if he's been asked.
I don't know if he will either.
And that comes with high risk for me
because if I win, big deal, you beat up Darren Rovell.
Then if you lose, it's like,
ha, you lost the fight to Darren Rovell.
Fucking get training, bro.
Let's go.
I mean, I kind of want to get in the bag.
He's got a basketball camp that he runs.
Oh, shit.
OK, too busy.
Hey, by the way, all right.
I saw if the guy had bet 11 grand, I think on them to come back and win.
Or no, if he'd bet the one point four million on the Jags to when he would have won like
38 million or whatever it was at one point.
And I'm kind of like spitballing numbers here, but you know what I'm saying? It's
just still maybe maybe he threw it in the wrong way. Maybe that's what he was trying to do.
Not when you bet in one point four million. Wrong way doesn't fact. I took a well, I mean,
I put enough to take those odds. So maybe stupid enough to fucking hit the pipe and have a few cocktails and bet the wrong bet i uh i got them plus 900 when they were down 27 7 and i i put a grand on
it one nine grand on that one so how about that clock management by that the ravens down the
stretch i mean i think i think we're done on the football talk i think we should probably probably
fucking move it along here but we're not going to move along without talking about this vlog that came out in which you were shooting hoops.
Is that what I was doing?
Well,
I don't know.
Crack.
All right.
Yeah.
I'm here.
I'm here for it.
I'm taking my lumps.
No,
no,
no,
no.
I just,
there's one thing.
And,
and everyone listened to chicklets game notes.
RA went on a great episode.
I listened to this back week past week.
I think they hit their, their hit their bed of the month again.
But R.A. went on and kind of defended himself.
And a lot of talk about the ball being wet,
where I've been talking to different people,
and a wet ball, yeah, that can affect things.
It doesn't affect the form, though,
and the form being that there's just no arc on your shots, bud.
Oh, yeah.
There's no arc.
Not defending the form. that there's just no arc on your shots, bud. Oh, yeah. There's no arc. Not defending the form.
It's funny.
I actually never saw myself on video shooting a basketball before,
because why would I?
I played JV in freshman in high school.
I didn't play really beyond that.
So I know I had an ugly shot to actually see it.
Did you watch anybody else do it?
Huge Celts fan.
But yeah, I look back at my, you know what?
I was never actually taught how to shoot a basketball.
I don't think I would have mad at either way.
What happened?
What?
Obviously, we saw what we saw.
I was hilarious.
I saw the video first.
I cracked myself up.
I'm like, I wasn't going to be a pussy.
I'm like, oh, don't put it out there.
Funny is funny, man.
I'm like, I'll take the lumps.
If that's the worst thing I have out in the Internet, I'll take it.
Some bad, bad comments section I've seen in a long time.
They were absolutely on fire.
So I took that first one.
Right. And it was like,
like, I kind of like did the old stretch
like drive my hands off. I said, let me move up to the
free throw line. And the same thing happened.
It was like, all right, it's not like I'm
strike the ball. It's and again, people would say, oh,
it's an excuse, but it was raining. There were
puddles there. My hand was what the balls with. So
every time I shot it, whether it was some 10 feet,
18, 30 feet, it was just
a dud right off the fingertips.
Shut the fuck up.
All right, but that's the thing.
Why don't you throw it then higher?
And it's like, it's not right.
Physics.
Did you not take physics?
Like, what about your sciences?
Fuck, Jim, did you take science?
I did at the high school, right?
We were in front of, yeah, years ago.
And I don't, I mean, you could say it's excuse, make it make it up whatever listen i i wasn't a great ball player i make sure i never
tell athletic lies because things come back to haunt you i've always said the only things i've
been decent at street hockey goalie and skiing on the slopes like like actual ski slopes and so
basketball yeah i never claimed to be good at it but i did play jv i and i told the show you didn't
decide there's not no you didn't what's jv junior No, you didn't. What's JV?
Junior varsity?
What grade is that?
Dependent on how good you are. I was a junior when I played JV.
I played freshman year.
Listen, I'm a lot of weird things.
I don't fucking lie.
I don't make up athletic stories.
I need to see game tape.
I need to see a fucking yearbook.
I need to see it.
Give me a show me a fucking tank top.
I don't even have a fucking yearbook.
Show me the shorts that you wore i need to see something some form of evidence that you played jv basketball um
i don't know michael murphy came from the north end old pal i don't know if he listens or not
get him on the pod somewhere get him call him up i just one name like that would verify i mean it
isn't it isn't fair that the kid gave you a medicine ball to throw, which isn't  but on Chicklets Game Notes, it was like there was a lot of,
like, any of you guys, it would have  you all would have looked the same.
And I was like, maybe any four-year-old that did it would have looked the same.
But there's just no way in my mind if I'm airballing short, airballing short,
airballing short on the fourth throw, I'm like, I'm firing this thing
over the fucking hoop before I leave this one short.
I kept shooting like I shoot.
I wasn't going to like fucking football toss it because, you know, I wasn't going to score
that way.
As I kept missing, I was just getting more into it.
It's like with the definition of insanity, doing the same thing over and over again.
Yeah, same result.
It was just like, I'm going to hit one.
And it was just like, like a dream.
Like every time it was coming off, it was just it would just fucking come off my fingers
the way it did um but i'll say all right that can't distract us from the
fact that you were the star of the boston behind the scenes vlog great job pasha great job uh
granelli great job uh uh sean apuzzo elliot fish uh and then mcquade so a lot of thank yous from
behind the scenes of guys who capture all this stuff and the fact that you got on the ice and that was another scene too.
So that's kind of a nugget.
You need to go watch a vlog.
I don't know if we put the clip out online yet,
but just how you were able to stay up with the way that you were moving your
body.
Like you looked like a worm.
Yeah.
That was a bad call too.
I haven't been on skates in years.
I don't think they've been shopping in years.
Right.
I was I was lacing up like this ain't good, man.
And like, I don't want to break a leg or fucking get a conky for content.
I'm a fucking middle aged guy.
I'd be stupid.
I did like one lap and I'm like, I'm done, man.
I goes like, I got your one clip.
I goes, I'm not like breaking something while we're doing this.
And one of the quick thing I was on game notes the other day, I did tell a story.
And this is very verifiable.
I actually did hit a game one and three, and you know what BMBL is with,
the City Neighborhood League, Boston Basketball.
Boston Neighborhood Basketball.
Yeah, the video game?
No, no, legit.
19 under, we were losing by two to the best team in the league.
Not a playoff game.
Passed unintentionally.
My buddy thought I was my other buddy who looked like,
passed it to me by accident, tossed it up.
All in that, dude, like legit.
There were 30 people there who can verify the story.
So it's not like every three pointer I shot was an air ball.
I actually did have one moment of glory back in the day.
I don't lie.
People thought I was bullshit.
I wouldn't lie about a story like that.
But yeah, oh, my God, it was awful.
It was hilarious.
Did you throw it underhand?
No, no, no, no.
Will Chamberlain style.
No, I didn't do that.
But I thought it overshadowed some of the other parts, too.
I mean, I get it.
It was it was hilarious. But I was hoping had overshadowed some of the other parts, too. I mean, I get it. It was hilarious.
But I was hoping Pasha included more of my driving in Boston because I
When you ripped through that stop sign.
Yeah, and I was like, I must be new.
Like, they were all laughing.
I legit  I'm like, I never even seen that one before.
But it was fun to take the boys out and show them how much of an asshole I drive,
like, in the city.
But, yeah, I thought the video was great.
I mean, I don't know if it went, quote, unquote, viral.
I don't know what the stats considered considered viral but it took me all this time
to do it on the internet and it happened to be my terrible boy you're famous buddy before we go
any further i need to talk to you about pink whitney new amsterdam's own pink whitney my name
the the best drink maybe of all time am i I biased? Yes. You can shirt me.
I don't care.
Pink Whitney is my namesake.
And I think people have come and grown accustomed to seeing the birdie juice and realizing on the golf course, it's just a it's a perfect mixture to have a wonderful day.
And as golf season up in the northeast begins to end,
people may forget about it.
Nope.
Nope.
Because in the winter, you go to your local bar,
you have a shot of Pink Whitney.
It warms it up.
It tastes good going down.
It's not some rough and tumble disaster in your throat,
in your mouth.
It's just, it's birdie juice winter summer fall spring so please go to your local bar have a shot and enjoy a hell of a night so hey if you haven't
seen that out and you guys are wondering what we're talking about go to the spit and chicklets
youtube channel uh that's been gaining some steam lately with all the sandbaggers that's where we
keep all of our videos for you old guys.
What'd you call the old guy who probably doesn't have any,
any form of social media up in Manitoba or something?
Last podcast.
Was it you?
What did I say?
Carl,
Carl and his trailer or something like that.
I don't remember something like that anyway,
but check it out on our spit and chickles YouTube channel.
And that was the Boston behind the scenes vlog.
And RA,
I think it's time.
Maybe we talk a little hockey.
Absolutely.
And plus, I think it's on about 9,000 other sites
who have started using me as a meme in the meantime since then.
So whatever.
I'll take my medicine.
Friday beers or something.
It's like when you try to shoot your shot with your crush.
Oh, my God.
Oh, no.
They used it.
That is one of the best Instagram pages going.
Friday beers. Funny stuff. All right. You is one of the best Instagram pages going. Friday beers.
Funny stuff.
All right.
You're the new Salt Bae.
He got canceled after that episode with who is the soccer player?
Messi that he tried to try to play Tommy sticks with.
And he was pigeon tossing him.
Let's talk some hockey, though, buddy.
Absolutely.
Yeah.
You mentioned the TNT doubleheader this week.
I don't know if it was a tough night for the rest of the panel,
but when you put Hank Lundquist up with the rest of you guys,
it doesn't help you at all.
The night after that he was hanging out at MSG with the guy from Succession.
I don't know his name.
You're going to know, Ari.
You know every star's name.
And then Ryan Reynolds, and they both fucking gave him a kiss on the cheek,
like talking about being the coolest guy in the world.
And he's like, he gets like um he's the
ambassador of msg so anytime they have a concert there like lundquist is just strolling in man
he is a fucking missile launcher and we had two unreal uh we had a great goalie matchup in the
first game so it's always awesome getting that goalie insight and getting in the mind of a goalie
because that's one thing that we don't have on the panel. Right. So it was great having them already.
I'll let you go more into detail about the games.
Alexander scars. God, that was the Swedish actor that kissed them.
Well, they both, what is he in succession? He's in succession.
Now he was in that. What is he? What is he in succession?
He come on last season. He was one of like the late additions.
And I think season three, he's not one of the main, the main players,
but he's got a role on it.
He was on that vampire show
on HBO was a true blood
a few years back.
He's been in a bunch of things.
I mean, he 100
like is trying to
have intercourse with Henry.
Yeah, he shut his tongue
down his ear.
Give him a little wax cleaning.
Because you got a couple
of nice interviews
with some guys of personality.
Mitch Monaghan.
Come on.
What do you say? You look juicy. You feel juicy feel juicy what's that like the new word that you guys know
the words the kids are using juicy what's that like just looking stylish like look yeah it's
yeah it's it's it's the cool kids word you know uh like the what's another one that the kids use
right now wit mid yeah mids mids a popular word so i think it was post game that we did that
interview he was nice enough to join us before the game because uh i think we put in the ass for him Yeah, mids a popular word. So I think it was post-game that we did that interview.
He was nice enough to join us before the game because I think we put in the ass for him or Matthews.
We probably would have got one before and then a different one after,
but Matthews was out of the lineup.
He was banged up.
I think he was a little under the weather too.
Mitchie was nice enough when he did the walk-in.
He had like a fucking Pablo Escobar suit on.
Did you see what he was wearing?
Like a straight-up red suit, dropped a few buttons down. He had the gold fucking Pablo Escobar suit on. Did you see what he was wearing? Like a straight up red suit, dropped a few buttons down.
He had the gold chain fucking guy.
He looked juicy.
And he said it in the post game.
We were asking him what about the attire and what the dress code is there.
And he says, they let us rip.
So he had a great game.
He was what?
On a fucking 17 game home point streak.
And he ended up obviously scoring the the the winner late in
the game on the power play that was dude oh my god kneelander is just fucking buzzing i think
he's got one year left on his deal so you know he's gonna end up taking him to the cleaners
let's hope that cap gets he had to fight for that deal too yeah yeah he was uh he that that one
ended up surpassing expectations for sure.
But, Buddy, I guess, do you want to go into the interviews?
I know we talked about Dowdy before.
Let's go more into that game.
It was the Nashville Predators and the Toronto Maple Leafs
with Matthews out of the lineup.
Buddy, Nashville's been struggling.
They just, I like their lineup.
I like their team.
They battled hard.
UC Saros, he's back on track.
They just can't get any type of
offense and you knew it was going to be a low scoring game and buddy the leafs the reason i
say they look so different and they're like they're just they've changed their attitude
where they can play they can play the 2-1 games they don't cheat the offensive side of the puck
they're not allowing goals like they were last year and even with matthews out of lineup they
find a way to get it done.
And fucking Murray was stellar, stood on his head,
bunch of 10 bell saves.
And like I mentioned, a couple of fun breakdowns on the broadcast
from Lundquist, just talking about positioning and what goaltending.
Yeah.
Like how Sarah's buddy.
I didn't, I didn't realize he's the shortest goalie in the league.
Now at five 11, the three other shortest goalies are 6'1".
That's how fucking crazy the position's becoming,
where it's all guys who are 6'4", 6'5".
They take up the whole net, and mechanically,
they're just dialed in, and their skating's good.
So he's at 5'11".
He's got to really be aggressive and stay at the top of his crease.
Not a lot of guessing, where if you go down too soon,
there's a lot of room up top if you're that short,
where some of these tall guys, when they're on their knees
in a butterfly position, you have to have a far angle
to be able to get it upstairs just because they're so fucking tall
and with the way that some of the gear is.
So we talked about how important box outs were,
where, like I said,
I really liked their team and how they played defensively.
They have a pretty good decor with, with Yossi.
They picked up McDonough and a few other guys back door.
Am I thinking of at home? Well, yeah, he's been there.
I remember they could have traded him.
I don't know if it was last year or the year before,
and then they ended up resigning them,
but you just knew guys weren't gonna be able to do
what they did last year you know what i mean remember when we talked about like the numbers
like duchesne put up and like grandlin had 65 points i think and it's just you know wasn't able
yosi what was yosi 95 points it was just one of those things that it was kind of bound to come
back to the is it the mean RA regression to the mean? Yeah.
So it's like they have a goalie like that and they're still where they are.
It's, it's just probably not a playoff team this year.
Now, every time we say something like this, teams go on.
That's an open, I mean, I called the Rangers mid,
they're like 14 and two since I said it since the helmet toss from Truba.
But as far as Nashville is concerned, not only that, but I feel like they're younger guys as well.
Haven't taken that next step.
And the regression of I'm drawing a blank here.
The guy who had a killer rookie year last year, 24 goals, Tanner Janot.
Yeah.
So he's just been a bit snake bitten this year where, you know, he's still playing hard.
He still gets in scraps.
He lets his presence be known physically. he's not a one-dimensional guy but hell man three goals he had 24 tucks last year so he's he's been uh he's been struggling offensively
and a few of their younger guys who people thought were going to come in and tear things up they just
haven't gotten that secondary scoring so Well, Biz, one of them
leading into the year,
Eli Tolvanen,
they put on waivers and he's
lighting it up with Seattle.
I think he has more goals than 10 guys
on the Predators.
So it's one of those things where like,
was it
the kid and we didn't think he had it?
Or do we look now and say maybe our system didn't fit into his game?
And maybe even this is a little smoke and mirrors in terms of the quick start
in Seattle, but it's hard to argue what the kid's done in eight games
with the Kraken as opposed to just being let go for nothing as a young player
with a hell of a shot from Nashville who can't score goals.
Whoopsie.
The old whoopsie.
Yeah, Ilya Tolvin and five goals, two assists in eight games so far with Seattle,
who we will get to in a minute.
But back to the Wednesday night stuff.
Yeah, the Leafs won 2-1, beat the Preds the night cap.
The Kings beat San Jose 4-3.
You guys talked to Drew Dowdy after a little bit.
That one, I don't know if it went off the rails,
but it was kind of maybe teetering on.
But it was great TV.
It was absolutely hysterical, you guys, going back and forth.
He won't do the pre-games. He only does the post games for that reason.
He's a silly bastard. Like one of the funnier guys in the league,
guys love them in that locker room,
but I don't think he trusts himself pre-game, but yeah, I,
somebody sprayed him in the face while we were interviewing him.
I don't know. We didn't even ask who did it, but I just said, Oh,
you're getting the, you know, the water bottle Bukkake celebration.
That's the leaf celebration. And then, of course he he had a chuckle at that but uh it was great
to talk to him buddy do you want to talk about this king's team right now absolutely the the
the funniest part of the interview is you explaining what ra brought up about bukkake
actually originating with water and like it is yeah Yeah. And then the best part was the best part was like Liam McHugh's like,
ah,
like Dowdy saying Bukkake laughing.
And then all of a sudden it's like Lundquist is like,
so defensively,
uh,
you guys are working on like Lundquist is like,
get me out of this conversation with fucking Bissonette with his shirt on
button to his belly button.
And I'm talking about Bukkakeies to a future hall of famer.
Doughty's interview before we go to the Kings.
I think current players.
I think he's my number one wishlist.
Thank you for our interview.
And I almost think I don't even want to talk to him until he's done playing.
Right.
Just you could tell like that guy.
Funny bastard.
Everyone who's ever told me anything about about him just says he's hilarious, doesn't give a shit.
And when it's all said and done and he's in the Hall of Fame with his cups and gold medals,
I imagine that interview, if we're able to get it, will be an all timer.
Before we move to L.A., though, are you going to pump the Leafs tires of their play with like what do you anything?
Anything about Mitchie Marner?
I actually I actually tweeted out
that um well the Bruins beat him in a
hell of a game dude one of the best
regular season games I've watched this
year I've long said that the Leafs yeah
the Leafs they look awesome dude I said
it last year it's all about the playoffs
it doesn't really matter until then I
know that's kind of a lazy way out for
me but it's a really really good team
I'll say this.
It is worrisome watching Morgan Riley play.
What a player overall.
But this year, I mean, I know he was injured.
It's been a struggle.
He hasn't scored a goal.
This is a guy who had close to 80 points a few years ago.
And Saturday night in Boston just didn't look great.
But the Leafs are a hell of a team. And I mentioned after the game, I said on Twitter,
if, and it's a big if,
the Leafs are able to get by Tampa
in the first round,
it's going to be one of the all-time
greatest seven-game series
against the Bruins.
I think it would go seven.
I think it would be a knock them out,
drag them out,
knock them down,
drag them in,
whatever the saying is,
series where Toronto and Boston,
when they play each other,
have great,
great boats.
So I don't know if they're going to be able to get by Tampa.
Tampa's like just behind them.
Now I have a monster,
monster wager on Tampa right now in Seattle.
They're up one,
nothing.
So if I scream in the middle of the pod,
I apologize,
but it's amazing to know that we already have that first round set up and
it's a fucking rematch of last year, baby.
And that home ice is going to  I know it didn't matter last year
considering that Tampa got the win on the road in Game 7,
but that's going to be the best first-round matchup
that we're looking at again, I believe.
I don't think there's going to be any disappointments
as far as matchups in the East.
Oh, it's going to be nuts. I can't wait.
It's going to be a bloodbath.
And last thing I'll say about the Leafs, man,
the fact that Matthews has been playing banged up all season,
still fucking scoring on a tear, night in and night out, bringing it, man.
He's been a fucking horse for that squad.
And that's a next step, too.
We talk about them evolving their defensive game
and being able to win those 2-1 games.
Hey, buddy, you're not always going to be 100
and fucking to see a guy you know
of that caliber battling through it and still getting the production done with all the attention
he gets out there is with fucking losers clawing and grabbing at him and probably not even getting
penalties called because he never gets any fucking calls i'm proud of that guy i'm proud of the leafs
and they're fucking rolling right now man this. This team is different. Who would you rather have, Marner or Posta?
Ooh.
I mean, buddy, fucking...
I would probably go with...
I just like the fact that Posta's got the goal-scoring ability.
Yeah.
He's got it all, man.
Just thinking of two superstar right-wingers.
Hey, I don't mean to hop over, though.
I hear that they're getting close, Boston and Posta's camp.
Are you hearing that already?
I heard those rumors as well.
I mean, slowly chugging along, but I don't think anything is imminent, certainly.
The people, like, and quickly back to the NFL, Daniel Jones, Aaron Judge, David Poshnok,
like these guys that do it at a level like this in the free agent years, it's like the mental strength to do that. And I know that sounds kind of stupid or maybe it sounds ridiculous, but there are thoughts and ideas you have in your mind
of what you're going to sign for. And it adds this level of anxiety. I have to perform this year.
Yeah, all three of those guys, maybe Daniel Jones is a different example because he's just popping
off right now. But Judge and Pasta are going to get monster deals no matter how their years went.
But to then do this when you need to, when it's the most important time of your life, it's like that is just such mental strength.
And believe it in yourself and your abilities.
It's so impressive because no matter what anyone says, when it's a UFA year or any free agency year, it's just usually you're grabbing it a little bit
tighter. Impostors is great as he's ever been right now. Yeah. And sometimes it can go south.
I don't know. It could go real bad, dude. What are some of the biggest stories ever in that regard?
Well, we're talking to Tyson Barry today and he goes into how his UFA year, he's in Toronto and
him and Babs, he'll go into it when the interview starts,
but really tough start,
right?
It's,
it's all about the start in a sense.
And if you can get going and,
and the way the Bruins have started in pasta in particular,
I mean,
would anyone be surprised if he takes down the rock of a shard?
Last thing on Toronto,
you mentioned Matthew's been battling injury.
The team finally came out and said that he's been going,
going through something.
I mean,
he's still going to get over 40 this year.
He's still going to be in that 90 to 100 point range.
So who even knows how bad the injury is, but what a player.
Yeah, now it's time to pump the LA Kings tires, right, R.A.?
Yeah, one last thing.
Shout out to Wayne Simmons and Nick Foligno for that epic brawl the other night.
Two veterans just fucking squaring up.
It made that game even better.
You'll have to see a couple old guys with that.
And R.A., at the end of the fight, you'll see
just two guys with so much respect for
one another. You're trying to
legitimately knock this guy out.
You're trying to... I mean, it sounds bad.
You're trying to end his career. You're in a fight.
In your mind, I'm trying to kill this guy.
And then at the end, great job, bud. Great job.
Not saying that they ever would want that to happen,
but when Simmons throws the final
left that barely missed him,
that would have knocked him out.
It's still like, hey, great fight, bud.
That's the stuff that makes hockey so special to me,
and those fights will always be spirited and always be loved by the fans.
Sorry to say it, guys.
Sorry to say it, you nerds.
Yeah, I love to see that mutual respect there.
But finally, Biz, getting to the Kings.
Will Ferrell shared a moment with a guy who was a big reason
for the Kings' recent success,
Phoenix Copley out of North Pole, Alaska.
He's one of the few goalies who seemingly come out of nowhere this year to save a team season.
I mean, we see what Marty Jones is doing in Seattle.
We'll get to him shortly.
I mean, the Kings came into the season spending almost 11 million on John Quick and Cal Peterson.
But a little subpar play opened the door for the 30-year-old undrafted Phoenix Copley.
He's come in, and he's run with his chance.
12-2 with a 2-5-9 goals against, 9-0-4 save percentage.
Before Saturday, he had started five straight starts, 12 out of 14.
And this is a guy, he had two one-game stints with St. Louis,
a couple cups of coffee at Washington.
And he's been, like I said, keeping the Kings afloat right now.
It's an awesome story.
The offense is getting it done.
They got a lot of varied scoring biz,
but is this team going to make a move with the deadline?
They only got 1.2 in caps base.
They might be able to put, what's his name on IR?
I'll look that up in a sec.
Put someone on long-term IR for extra money,
but what can they get when they're almost at the cap now?
So quick answer.
And we're going to go through the whole squad here.
Yes, they need to make a deadline move.
They need to make a splash.
They have a great prospects pool.
They have a window on Dowdy and Kopitar that is closing.
And the West is very winnable this year.
And the competition in the Pacific is not very strong.
Anyone can win the West.
Anybody can win the West.
And it's nowhere near the strength of the East.
Like if you come out of the West,
you might go do so like unscathed and,
or,
or the East is so gas from fucking battling through each other.
You never know.
Right.
Cause it's going to be a gong show going into the season.
I was bullish on the Kings.
I thought that they were going to get better.
Obviously the Fiala signing one year older for all these younger prospects they have in their lineup making contributions,
and they did so last year. The overall defensive mindset and the fact that they had this good
one-two punch in net in which we thought that Peterson was going to, I thought he was going
to run with it. I thought he was going to probably play 60 to 65 games. Quick was going to pass off
the torch and everything was going to run smoothly.
That wasn't the case.
And earlier in the year, I think we talked about it when they were really struggling
before this run that Copley's been on.
They were playing solid.
It was basically all coming down to goaltending.
And they called this kid up and he's been on this magical run.
And Quick being a leader in that locker room,
like he wasn't going to be the guy to get sent down.
And Peterson was supposed to be the guy.
And I think that they pretty much knew that they're going to be safe,
sending him down.
So obviously the goaltending has changed,
but since that he's came in net,
the defense has stepped up their game and they're such a good structured
team where they play.
So at a five man unit,
you can't just reward the D-men and the forwards.
But I will say this is an extremely underrated D-core.
And in this defense we talk about, since the stretch that Kopi's been on,
they've allowed the least amount of high-danger scoring chances per game
in that stretch at like 4.4.
So obviously a big component to why they're getting solid goaltending is because the overall defense of the team has elevated
looking at that back end.
They got two puck moving defenseman.
They got Dowdy and they got that Jersey kid.
So he's nice.
He's a,
he's a,
it's a great one,
two of the offensive defenseman.
Not one of them really has to carry the load where I kind of saw that when
we had all of wrecking Larson and Yans in
Phoenix, where it was like this one, a one B where like one could play the top of the power play.
The other guy could play the top of the power play. Didn't matter. And they got some good,
solid, you know, guys back there. That's where I think that they need to make a move is go maybe
get a top four. I'm not saying chicken's the answer. I'm saying they either need to do that and or bolster the third line center position.
Now moving to their offense, R.A., and you touched on it,
probably the top to bottom, the deepest,
at least the top nine, deepest offensive team in the West.
Even better than Vegas.
I think even better than Dallas.
Do they have that maybe high-end talent that
Dallas has? No,
but go through their forwards.
Fiala's having another fucking
year on them. Huge free agent signing.
Probably the best forward free agent signing
of the offseason. It's looking like
they got Kopitar
and Deneau down the middle. If they
can solidify that third line center
position, because it looks like by field,
they got him on the wing with those guys.
And he's producing.
Which is fine for a young guy.
I don't hate that.
Keep him on the wing as long as he's producing.
Like there's so many intangibles that go to being a centerman,
responsibility defensively.
Let him flourish on the wing.
And I think he was playing with Kopitar and Kempe.
Fucking that kid can move.
So that's your first line.
Then you got like Dano, Fiala. you got Arvidsson, you got Kaliev.
That Moore guy is awesome.
And I'm drawing a blank on a couple other names here.
Gabe Velarde.
Velarde, who's fucking awesome.
And he's even taken a little bit of another step since last year.
So you look at their top nine and you're like, fuck, man,
there's no real weak spots. So if you can go out and get that third line position, third line
center position solidified only issue, like most teams, I think they got 1.2 million in cap space.
So either way though, even if it does stay the same, I think that, that this team could
potentially win the West. I see them as a threat, especially if the goaltending stays the same.
And they even got a few of those guys I just mentioned in the top nine that are injured
right now.
But it doesn't matter.
They keep winning because they're so fucking deep and they're getting the defensive play.
So I love them.
Nobody's really been talking about it.
They've flown under the radar and they deserve Blakey and Steph.
And I'm drawing a blank on their coach who coached in San Jose.
Todd McClellan.
Hey, Biz. And we mentioned Nashville
and their struggles. Man,
you give up Victor Arvidsson
for two draft picks. What a
water bug gamer that guy is. He's
making like 4.2 or 4.5.
Yep.
That right there is like, oh, I know Nashville.
They're trying to get, you know, retool some, some prospects and get some
picks, but fuck, would they like to have him in the lineup right now?
Him?
And he's playing well.
And, and, you know, like you said, he's an undersized guy, but he plays
above his weight.
And then, uh, I have fallow too.
So they just have all these guys who are they are they are they point of game guys?
No, but they're all in that 30 point range where they don't really need to rely on that one guy night in and night out.
So just a very, very well-balanced team who's committed to playing team defense.
And now they're getting goaltending.
Look out Western Conference.
I've said since R.A. and I were on his couch before you joined the pod, Kopitar
is the Patrice Bergeron
of Out West, and the fact that him and
Doughty are there and have those two cups,
the true two leaders of that team,
it is a team that when you get into the playoffs,
I could see a run. Now,
can Copley continue this? I don't
know, but it's not an easy team
to play against, and the Devils had a great
win in L.A. the other night.
I thought L.A. would get them there.
It's 5-2.
I think Hughes had another two or three points.
That's a 3,000 check I've basically already written to Pasha.
I don't know what his cap hit is.
I would imagine it's pretty low, and I was thinking about this before the pod.
Who could they go to make a splash, but who has a low cap hit with a team
who probably is interested in prospects and more than likely a few picks that Andre Kuzmenko from
Vancouver.
Now they might not trade them because they're stubborn and they still
think they have a winner this year.
I don't know what the fuck's going on in Vancouver,
but if I'm them,
I'm sell,
sell,
sell,
and think of what you can get as a return for that guy.
Cause he's not restricted.
He came over from the KHL.
He's at a close to a point of game. He's not making much. All right. If you could pull up his salary, maybe, or, or, or I don't know if,
if you can't wear it, I can do it when I'm done.
Imagine if they somehow worked a way to get Horvat.
Right. But it's just like the cap situation. And that's why I said like,
like, like quickie's making
six million and i know that's a lot for a backup unless he somehow becomes a starter again but he's
one of the he's he's part of the leadership group in that locker room like they ain't moving around
from him so who's make those 1.8 they can make that work man it'd be crazy to move him i mean
we'll get into vancouver later the most disgraceful organization in fucking in the National Hockey League right now.
What they're doing to Bruce.
But do you like the idea of filling in, getting another top nine guy who's close to a point
of game where it's just all of a sudden you have all these weapons in the West and you
got that?
I don't know.
I don't know.
Maybe I'm crazy.
Maybe I'm playing a Monday quarterback or armchair quarterback.
What's the saying?
Maybe both of them are.
Yeah.
But I can dream.
I can dream, too.
They just got to make the money work,
because obviously with that tight against the cap like that.
The other side of Copley playing this well,
it gives a lot of rest to John Quick.
And I know he's been struggling.
He's 36 years old.
But don't count him out, man.
No, never.
Never.
They got enough rest coming to the playoffs.
They can lock it in.
And it's maybe a little silver lining, the fact that they lost Peterson,
but the way the copies hold the fourth down, don't count out Quint.
The Western, it's almost a West Coast version of the last dance.
We're seeing it with Boston right now.
Now we get the West Coast version.
Although we know Kopitar and Dowdy are going to be back.
But maybe it's quick.
Maybe he's got one last run in those legs.
We got to stay in the Pacific
and talk about this frigging cracking wagon.
Oh, my goodness.
Well, it's ironic that I'm about to just
hump these tires full of air
while also having a monster bet against them.
The only reason I did that is coming off this insane road trip. hump these tires full of air while also having a monster bet against them.
The only reason I did that is coming off this insane road trip,
one of the greatest road trips in NHL history. I just think it's so hard coming back West and playing against a great Tampa team.
That's why I have Tampa regulation, money line, minus one and a half.
But still, let's go into Seattle.
Yeah, another goalie brought in to back up Martin Jones.
They brought him after Chris Dregia.
I think he tore his ACL at the World Championships.
He was there ostensibly to back up Grubauer,
but Grubauer struggled. They end up putting
Jones in. They just come back from a road trip.
First team in NHL history to
sweep a seven-game road trip, which
I can't believe that's never happened before.
They've won eight straight in total.
Jones has started 28 games.
He's been lights out in January so
far. 7-0 with the 1-8-6 goals against 9-2-6 save percentage.
Two shutouts, including one against Boston the other night,
gave them their first regular season loss of the year.
This is a great story, man.
I love these old goalies.
They kind of get taken off the heap.
I think they're going to be a backup or even a number three,
and he's carrying these guys to the playoffs.
Now, looking down a little bit further, though,
the Kraken, their power play is not too good.
Shorthanded, it's not too good.
You wonder if they're built to last,
but what do you got on Kraken here, Whitdog?
I saw him come into the garden
and put a beating on the Bruins.
Now, it was the same exact instance in Boston,
coming back from the West Coast
and having that first game home,
playing against a deep team was in your face.
And to get that first regulation win against the Bruins in the garden this year, that just
shows how good this team is.
And I think a bunch of different people deserve a lot of credit.
And I think Ron Francis has done a great job, mainly if you look at the fact that he didn't
fire Dave Axel, which I think on this podcast was said and has been mentioned many times, like
it almost seemed like a hire
to just get them through the first few years
where they may struggle. And in the end, when the team
became really good, he probably wouldn't be there
with the word or the words
you're looking for is sacrificial lamb.
Yeah, a little bit like sacrificial
lamb. Yeah, like you're going to make
money and you're a head coach again after
the failure in Philly, I'll say for him. And all of a sudden he ends up, he's doing a great job. And
I think last year, if you look, the goaltending was the worst in the league. It was horrible.
I'll get into that in a minute, but Jones has been great, especially lately.
Lately, he's been lights out. I'm not even going to say great the entire time,
but this team has just bought into the
system that they need to play to win. Now they score a lot of goals. I think they're tied with
the Bruins and another team for most goals in the league, right behind Edmonton. And it's like,
it's, it's, it's by committee. So last year, I don't think people brought up how big of a loss
Brandon Tanev was. Well, it wasn't just him. Jaden Schwartz was out for a little while.
a loss Brandon Tanev was.
Well, it wasn't just him.
Jaden Schwartz was out for a little while.
They had another big injury
last year of a very important player.
It'll come to me.
But you got both of those guys
playing right now.
I think you also looked at
when they decided to take Schwartz
from St. Louis instead of Tarasenko.
Schwartz isn't exactly lighting it up,
but he was signed by Seattle
to a good deal, I think right around 5 million for five years. That's a guy who can play up and down the lineup. Basically a top two line player, but a smart, a smart, heady player who uses like every skill he has to the full extent. Right? So he's been great.
Well, at the same time, you add in Burekovsky, who is a huge, huge deal for them to get.
You trade for Bjorkstrand, who's a hell of a player, who had some quotes that he noticed right away when he got traded.
Like this is a team who could do some damage.
And then they signed Justin Schultz.
So you get these guys back from injury from last year.
You add these three really solid NHL players.
You buy into a system that Haxtell has that finally the team's kind of figured out. And it's hard. I mean, you have this first year, you have this crazy
new organization. You don't really know what's going on. You get zero goaltending and everything
switches this year where they're just buying in. They're playing the way they need to win games.
And it's just been like lightning in a bottle. Now, the only worry is like they could score goals,
but in a sense, if they don't get four or five goals,
it seems like it's going to be hard for them to win.
And on the day when Martin Jones gets named first star
in the NHL this past week, it wasn't month.
I think it was just a week, right, R.A.?
Yeah, first star of the week, yep.
Well, goaltending still isn't great.
And I think he's below 900 save percentage on the year.
The team's goals against... I think it's below 900 save percentage on the year. The team's goals against...
I think it's bottom half of the league
and giving up goals.
R.A. mentions the special teams struggle.
So I, no doubt, shout out to R.A.,
think they're in the playoffs.
I don't know if they have what it takes
to maybe make a run.
They'd have to have goaltending improve. And right now it's,
it's where it needs to be. I don't know if this can continue.
That's the question, but the final thing is mapping ears.
And I love seeing it, him being a local guy, ISL,
that's the independent school league.
That's prep school hockey in the Boston area for anyone who doesn't know
played at Milton Academy, went out to the national program,
lit it up at Michigan duty turned, he turned 20 in November.
I mean, leading the team and scoring right now, definitely the favorite for rookie of the year.
What a game changer that is.
And last year, that was that was it.
It was Tanev injury, Schwartz injury, and they didn't have veneers until the last 10 games of the year where he had nine points.
So this year he comes in.
He's a little below point a game.
He looks like he's going to be a 15 year NHL player producing 70 to 85 points. So this year he comes in, he's a little below point a game. He looks like he's going to be a 15 year NHL player producing 70 to 85 points. Exactly what you need to compete at a
high level and have a, have a star player that they got because of a solid draft pick. So it's,
it's very, very bright, bright future for this team and this organization. And we heard right
off the hop of Vegas and their magical run that first year about the environment in the building.
You kind of hear the same thing for these games in Seattle.
I would love to catch a game out there.
I know we'll be out there next year for the Winter Classic, but I got to get to a game at that Climate Change Arena.
What a breakdown.
A little round of applause for the Whitthog.
It's a fun team to watch because you look at teams that win with superstars like Edmonton.
teams that win with superstars like Edmonton
and then you look at teams who just
do it through depth and they do it through guys
carrying their weight and knowing
what's expected
from every single line and every guy
buying in and it's like, holy fuck, this
team, the way they move around, the way they skate.
Put it this way, you're going to have to play
a balls-to-the-wall game with
maximum effort to beat these guys.
So goaltending, that is the one question.
I don't know if they'll be able to make a run unless that improves.
I don't really know what you could do.
Maybe they go out and look at your boy in Arizona.
You keep talking.
I don't know why they trade him,
but maybe they're looking at like Arizona's like,
we're not going to be where we need to be until this guy's a free agent.
He maybe won't be here.
What could we get in return right now?
You know what I'll give you?
You don't want back for Vimalca. What? He's fucking head on a pl agent. He maybe won't be here. What could we get in return right now? You know what I'll give you? You know what I want back for Vemelka?
What?
Bowie's fucking head on a platter.
Fuck that guy.
That's been the biggest difference.
Bowie, his first season,
and now they're fucking popping off.
I fucking hate that mascot.
Oh, last guy.
Okay, I wanted to touch on your point, though.
Okay.
About if they need to score to win.
I think that they're 0-10 2 uh when scoring two goals or fewer so they haven't won any one nothing or two one
games this year or two nothing games they need to score in bunches in order to win i mean obviously
most teams records probably aren't that great when they score two or fewer goals but i bet you
boston's got a few of them i bet you they're probably 500 because they can win those 2-1 games.
And another one, here's a nugget for you.
I know I'm not the big stack guy.
You're the stack guy.
16 games so far this year, the Kraken have had 10 players
in the lineup with a point or more.
So 10 players or more with at least a point in a game, 16 times.
So that's depth, and that leads the NHL. And I
actually reached out to Nick Olchek just to get like the lowdown on what's going on with the group.
And you pretty much said everything that he said, that was the one example he had for,
as far as these guys getting it done, especially offensively as a committee,
he mentioned the low scoring. And the other thing he talked about was Maddie Beneers.
He's the best player on the team in his talked about was maddie benears he's the
best player on the team in his first full season he goes biz he goes i wouldn't be surprised if
he's competing for the selkie in years to come because i've never seen a player that this young
so beyond his years at covering the game full 200 feet not looking for cookies every shift
defensive side of the puck and he says in years to come as he gains a little bit more strength,
because I don't want to say he's short,
but he's definitely undersized for a first line center, right?
What is he, 5'11"?
5'11", six feet maybe.
Which he'll get that strength and a little thicker
so he can fucking maneuver a little bit more around the ice
to compete with these other fucking freaks of nature.
But he has an insane motor on him.
And this you said at 15 year NHL vet, he's going to be a stallion.
And before we move on, Vince Dunn, guy with a ton of potential, can skate so well, undersized D-man, but has taken off.
And he's having a career here.
I think he's on pace for over 50, maybe 60 points.
A guy who can just kind of change the game with how he moves so effortlessly.
Also, I mean, kind of an undercover man rocket.
He's got a hairline like a Greek god.
Just a hell of a head of hair on him.
And I think that gaining the confidence that he has this year,
that's only going to mean brighter things in his future.
And when you can skate like that, the game can be very easy at times.
Seattle does lead the league 116 goals at five on five.
So they're very good there.
They were the first team since the 96 Penguins to score eight road goal,
eight road goals on three separate occasions this season.
They had six calls on seven shots Saturday in Chicago.
It's just the eighth time in NHL history that a road team has had every
forward record a point in the same period.
That's pretty fucking wild.
I saw a tweet,
a tweet by that Lazarus reporter for Chicago.
He's like,
um,
Seattle now has six goals.
They have seven shots in the game.
This is an all time tanking effort by the Blackhawks.
Someday when they win the cup in 2035,
we'll remember this night.
It's going to be Arizona. All right. That was a
great nugget. How many five-on-five goals?
116 five-on-five
goals. So, I mean, if they could not
get penalties, the other team doesn't get penalties,
they might be a problem in the playoffs. But, yeah,
looking at the penalty killing, what they say
it was 31st
in the league, 18th for power play.
So, those are not great numbers heading into the playoffs.
Obviously, they're not there yet.
They got 1.1 million in cap space.
They do have Don Scoy on injured reserve.
He makes 3.9 million.
If he were to go to long term, they could go over that much money.
So we don't know what they're going to do.
I mean, they're in a position now.
They might win the West.
Don Scoy is a heck of a fucking player, too.
Hey, boys, I'll tell you what.
We're not even out of the Pacific, and my wrists are so sore
from giving off these wristers.
We just stroked Seattle and L.A. like crazy.
Two teams that you got to talk about.
Yeah, absolutely.
It's some good hockey.
Good hockey.
That Pacific Division is going nothing like anyone thought it would
prior to the year beginning.
We're not done with it yet, either.
Oh, by the way, did you see that Chris Dreege's mask?
He got a new mask on.
He had Eddie Vedder on one side and Kurt Cobain on the other.
Pretty cool.
No shit.
Yeah, with like a guitar neck going across the head.
Yeah, pretty cool shit.
Check it out online.
But we're not done with the Pacific yet.
Is our boy Tuck going to Vancouver?
Well, Elliott Friedman seems to think so.
He said Tuck and the Canucks have talked a bunch.
He said that the decision is in Vancouver's hands right now.
And any decision would come in a couple of weeks.
GM Jim Rutherford said, all I can say is that Bruce is our coach right now.
But with that, I'm calling and talking.
Don't know what we're going to make a change.
Don't know if we want to make a change.
And then he had another press conference today.
Jim Rutherford met the press.
He said he's, quote, disappointed with the job he's done so far.
He initially thought the team needed minor surgery, but now he sees it as major surgery. press conference today, Jim Rutherford met the press. He said he's quote disappointed with the job he's done so far.
He initially thought the team needed minor surgery, but now he sees it as major surgery.
All the core players aren't going to end up here.
I like a challenge and man, I got a challenge here.
We're not moving forward toward a rebuild.
I prefer the tomb retool, but either way back to the coaching situation,
like how much of a shitty position does this put Bruce Bruce Pedro?
And he doesn't have a contract next year. He's already sort of a lame duck in that way and now the team knows he's
gonna probably get fired in a couple weeks man you gotta feel bad for a guy like that no
i'll throw it over to wit first like i mean yeah like it's a disgrace it's getting dragged out a
little bit dude and it's been mentioned a bunch of times before all over the place, but let them go right now. Because not
only is this a Canadian market where things are times 100 in terms of the pressure, the media,
all the things that go into coaching and playing in Canada, but you brought them in last year,
things turned around. All right, you're not happy with this year. That makes sense.
It is nice of Rutherford to say he's not happy with the job he's done because
things have been a disaster,
but there is no doubt that talk it's going to be the head coach there when
there's this much of fire where there's this much smoke, there's fire,
excuse me. I can't talk. And at this point,
like to make Bruce Boudreau come in there every single day,
knowing he's not going to be there?
Make the assistant coach the interim head.
Whenever Tocantin ends up getting hired,
it ends up becoming a thing.
He takes over.
Bruce Boudreaux is a dead man walking right now and having to answer questions in a Canadian market
that he has no control over.
I don't know if we could play the audio, Mikey,
of Boudreaux's quote when asked about it.
I just wake up every day and go to work until they tell me not to.
You hear it in his voice.
Like, yeah, I'm waking up and I'm coming to work until I'm told not to.
What a shitty position for a guy who's been around this game forever
to have to go through when it's not even all on him.
The roster sucks.
There's nothing there.
And now you've got this coach who's constantly hearing
how he's going to be fired.
Maybe not tomorrow.
Maybe not the next day.
Maybe in two weeks.
Maybe in a week.
It's like, what the fuck are we doing?
It's just zero respect for a coach who's coached in this league a long time
who's won the Jack Adams, right?
I mean, Boudreaux has a Jack Adams, doesn't he?
At least one of them, if I'm not mistaken.
Maybe his coach in Washington. Do you know what I'm saying here, Biz, Pedro has Jack Adams, doesn't he? At least one of them, not mistaken. Maybe his coach in Washington.
Do you know what I'm saying here, Biz, in terms of like, it's just it's not.
He's going to get the money either way and he's not going to quit.
So in this position, let's say you're interviewing candidates.
Right. And it's becoming public knowledge that they are going to move on.
Do they just fire him and then make the assistant the interim head coach?
Yeah. So when the news has broken.
Yeah. So I don't
understand maybe why they haven't done that. Uh, I, I tend to agree with you. It's a shitty way to
let it drag out and it's Canadian media. It's not like it's happening in Carolina where like, no,
it's not in the news and shit. No one really cares and everybody can keep hush hush about it.
But yeah, it's, um, yeah, it's definitely a little bit embarrassing, but ultimately it came down to
the fact that in training camp, you started hearing rumblings about the way that Rutherford, he wasn't crazy
about how things were operated and maybe the time and energy that we're going into like
implementing structure and systems and maybe the tone set in training camp, right from the gun
being like, are we just roll over rolling over and dying here?
Like what's the game plan going in? What are each individual's role and what do they contribute?
Like, so I think that things started off really on, on, on the wrong foot in training camp this
year. And just with some of the things that you see happen on the ice and maybe like ice time
distribution, lack of consistency.
Don't quote me on this, but fuck, how many two-goal leads have they given up?
They got to be at the top of the league as far as giving up leads,
two- and three-goal leads.
I feel like every two weeks you're checking the box score where they're giving away, especially early in the season
where it was an insane stat.
And recently, weren't they up three nothing on the
penguins and the penguins just stormed right back i don't i guess what i'm trying to say is the
change it seemed like it was inevitable and now they just haven't done a good job of speeding up
the process of of vetting a candidate and then getting boudreaux out of there in a nice way
and making an assistant the interim until you solidify that head coaching job.
And yeah, it does look like it's going to be talk.
So I don't...
It's just not fair.
It's not fair when it comes out.
So how long right now would you say it's gotten dragged out?
Like a week?
It was like five to six days ago when it became known that...
I mean, and Rutherford comes out and says,
yeah, we've been talking to people. So that's one thing. But once it breaks, and when it became known that, I mean, and Rutherford comes out and says, yeah, we've been talking to people.
So that's one thing, but once it breaks and when it breaks with a guy like
Elliott Friedman and these elite level insiders, like I said,
like it's going to happen.
So just for, to make a guy come into work and for anyone who says, yeah,
he's making a couple million bucks, whatever it is,
like it's one thing to be getting paid and to possibly get fired.
It's another thing to know you're and to possibly get fired it's another thing
to know you're going to get fired and the whole hockey world know you're going to get fired and
you're sitting there going in and these guys are expected to listen to you and and kind of still
go with your game plan it's just not fair yeah that's what i want to ask about with like the
players like you know they know the guy's lame duck he's going to get fired anytime i mean do
they lose respect for the guy do they try to like play hard in form or what like is, does it depend on the player? You know what I mean? Well, that's about being
a professional and it doesn't matter who's behind the bench and what's going on. You got to show up
and give an effort. I think it would be a cop out for any player to mention
like this really affecting their game. But the whole team knows what's going
on and the whole team is probably like, this is just as awkward for us. Not
to mention you have
Quinn Hughes, who barely says boo in the media, coming out to defend a teammate, this poor Tanner
Pearson, who was supposed to be out four to six weeks with a hand or a wrist injury. He just had
his third surgery on the same injury. And Quinn Hughes comes out and says, yeah, it was mishandled.
It's like, how many things can go wrong in Vancouver?
But to hear a player who's very quiet under, you know,
doesn't say a ton, like I mentioned, come out and say like, yeah,
the team has basically fucking ruined this kid.
That's another indicting thing on Rutherford, Alvin,
and this entire organization.
Yeah, absolutely.
Going back to that, Quinn Hughes, I feel bad for him.
I mean, it wasn't handled properly.
And, you know, it's not a really good situation he's got there.
And hopefully he's going to be all right.
And then he kind of, I don't want to say backpedaled,
but he clarified the comments a couple of days later.
I wasn't trying to blame anyone.
I don't think it's really anyone's fault.
It's just an unfortunate situation.
But in a situation like that, of course, I care about my teammates.
And, you know, I hate to see a guy go through hell like that.
Now, Rutherford said the team is conducting an internal review
after the comments to see what the fuck up here is.
He's talking to the trainers, the coach, the general manager,
just to see, like, how does this kid say this?
Like, not that he's doing anything wrong,
but to know that they fucked up Tanner Pearson's hand.
It should have been, like you said, with four to six weeks.
Now he's on his third surgery.
He's going to miss the rest of the year.
And I think he has to have more.
Possibly.
And, like, Quinn Hughes can try to walk back the comment, which makes sense.
That's kind of normal.
Like I mentioned, Canada, they're all over him about it.
But when you say a quote like it wasn't handled properly,
there really isn't any walking it back, right?
That's a pretty legit statement in terms of whether it was the team doctor,
whether it was the trainer.
And I hate even mentioning trainers making a mistake because these guys are what
keeps these teams going.
But something within the team happened that if you got to talk to Tanner Pearson and hear
the real story, he's just probably disgusted.
And hopefully he's OK, because in the end, that's all that really matters is this guy's
health.
Stanley Cup champion who's been through it where all of a sudden he's he's getting surgery
after surgery on something that was supposed to be a month yeah it was kind of ironic
that rutherford in his press run monday said uh he was expecting minus surgery now he sees it as
major surgery just kind of weird terminology to use based on the story a couple days before about
i get what you're saying though i was talking more about like i guess it it wasn't really that
surprising given with like how the the relationship with rutherford yeah but last season it wasn't really that surprising given with like how the, the relationship with Rutherford.
Yeah.
But last season,
it wasn't that way last season,
everything changed.
And,
and I think they were winning every game with the Bruce.
There it is.
Chance.
Yeah.
Maybe that chant really ruined it.
The worst chance of all time.
But when,
when,
when,
when it comes out in camp that like the president doesn't like how camp
went,
it's like,
that is just the beginning of the end.
And now the guy's coaching,
knowing he's going to be fired tomorrow or whatever,
whenever it happens.
Yeah.
Can you remember another instance in the NHL or any other sport where it's
obvious that a coach is going to be fired mid season and is still continuing
to coach?
Like,
I know it's like,
Oh,
this guy's probably going to get fired after another loss,
but you don't hear that.
It's definitely going to go down. And the guy continues to go to work every day. It's just such an, this guy's probably going to get fired after another loss. But you don't hear that it's definitely going to go down.
And the guy continues to go to work every day.
It's just such an odd scenario.
Yeah, it's definitely unusual.
But we'll see what happens with Vancouver.
They got a lot of work to do to fix that team.
And if talk does end up there, good luck to him.
Let me tell you this, though.
Every fucking time we talk about this team being a disaster since the JT Miller trade,
you fucking rush the rebuild.
You got to get bad.
You got Conor Bedard, a kid from fucking Vancouver
who's up for first overall in the draft.
Trade the Russian.
Trade Bo Horvat.
Get as bad as you can to try to get yourself
at least one of those top three picks.
Enough.
It's fucking crazy.
Is it not?
Yeah, you just can't.
It's like he even said, it's a retool, not rebuild you just can't it's like he even said it's a retool not
rebuild you cannot say we're rebuilding in canada it's like the fans just won't stand for it and i
don't know if that's something that they're talking about i know i know dude it's just how it is well
you're hearing it here it's a fucking it's a it ain't a retool you need a rebuild it's a bukkake
you need wreck it ralph and rebuild that motherfucker. Unfortunately, we also
got some very sad news from the Canucks
yesterday. I'm sorry, Sunday.
Franchise legend Gino Odrick passed
away at just 52 years old.
Back in 2014, he announced
that he was diagnosed with something called
amyloidosis. It's a rare terminal disease
that produces abnormal protein deposits
in the heart. They didn't know if he was
going to live weeks or months,
and he ended up going for another nine years.
Obviously, a beloved teammate on and off the ice,
a beloved member of the community.
He stayed in Vancouver, a huge role model to the indigenous community.
I mean, everybody had talked to say, like a lot of the fighters,
that Gentle Giant's off the ice, just a hell of a guy.
And he actually named one of his sons after one of his
best friends beret ojic is his son's name named after valerie beret who he uh i'm sorry pavel
beret who we protected out in the ice all those years and they remained good friends but uh just
a sad story for a guy from our generation one of the best fighters in the league and uh loved in
vancouver loved in vancouver and i believe somebody that was really important to indigenous. Am I saying that correctly? Like, you know, people who have ended up making it,
guys like Jordan Tutu and people who, you know, you look to OJIC's hometown, the arena is named
after him. And it's something where a lot of guys probably looked up to him at a young age in terms
of he can make it, I can make it. And yeah, I never, I never met him, but you've only heard great things. And that guy, he,
he laid it all out on the line. Right. I mean,
he fought for a living in a day and age when guys were six, four, two 50,
fighting 30, 40 times a year. So rest in peace.
Well said, well said with, uh, Alexander Ovechkin, another week,
another record man. Uh, he hit 30 goals versus Philly Saturday night.
And in doing so he tied
another nhl record set by another capitals legend uh him and mike gotten and now each have 17 30
goal seasons uh 397 of gardener's 708 goals came while in dc the only season ovechkin didn't score
30 was this uh 21 season that was shortened to 56 games. He also scored his 400th goal at home.
Just the fifth play to score 400 home goals after Gretzky,
how Yaga and Gardner,
and he's already the leader in road goals with 410.
So,
oh,
we just keep getting it done every week.
Something new.
30 goals is so many goals.
Like it is so hard to score 30 goals and 30 goals for him is like,
just mark it down. I mean, that's not even, you just said it with 18, whatever it is like hard to score 30 goals and 30 goals for him is like, just mark it down.
I mean,
that's not even,
you just said it.
We're 18,
whatever it is.
Like that is so many goals.
If you get 30 goals in a season,
that's halfway through the year.
We're only halfway through the year.
He got 30.
I know.
And guy's a machine.
He's on the gas.
And other guys that just keeps getting it done every week that we have to
talk about Connor Mc mcdavid
well happy 26 conor on his night of his birthday two goals one assist versus san jose uh and we'll
hear a little bit more about this when we bring on tyson barry but uh his socks made the news
biz this pair of socks he's i guess he's had forever the company doesn't make him anymore and
i guess nothing surprises me after being a hockey player and being in the room and then you see uh i think sid still got the same jock since midget but oh god the feeling on your
feet i remember yanzu socks oh i love new socks yanz used to wear a brand new pair of socks every
single game yeah that's the nhl you do the stupid routine where he would stretch each part of the
sock out he was a weirdo before he went on the ice.
But yeah, those are just, I guess they don't make those socks anymore.
And he likes the way they feel.
But I mean, that's just, I can't believe guys would go barefoot in their skates,
let alone have those types of socks.
Yeah, that's wild.
Don't bear back off a skate.
Another thing that he didn't like that he was talking about, R.A.
Oh, yeah.
Mention the fact that he doesn't want the shootouts.
Yeah.
Oh, I like the old socks, but not a fan of the shootout.
He said no one loves the shootout.
It's a crappy way to end a game.
He proposed maybe a 10 minute three on three overtime.
I don't know if that's going to happen because, you know, if you have too many of those games, you're taxing guys even further.
But I don't think we're going to bring ties brought back.
What do you I mean, what do you see happening guys even further. But I don't think we're going to bring ties brought back. What do you see happening here, Whit, if anything?
I don't know.
I don't hate 10 minutes three on three.
I feel like you're going to get a winner every game.
But I guess the whole risk being like, what do you do if 10 minutes nobody scored?
Because you can't have ties.
Ties are done with.
You'll never see a tie again, I don't think.
But it is hard to just decide what you do.
Maybe you go to one-on-one after five minutes. It's just like, I don't know the ideas, but I am with McDavid in that when the
shootout first originated, it was kind of exciting. You see different moves and we've had a bunch of
different amazing NHL highlights, Patrick Kane, Pavel Datsyuk based on the shootout, but oh my
God, is it boring now? It's just like, oh, all right, here we go. And once you get to the shootout, but oh my God, is it boring now? It's just like, oh, all right, here we go. And
once you get to the shootout, besides when you get into playoff time or really the race for the
playoffs, it's like, all right, everyone's happy. They got their point. It's just boring. I would
love to see like in terms of like fans, if they really enjoy it, because I'm sure there is probably
young kids that love seeing different moves that they can practice and try at home.
But for me watching as many games as I do,
when a game goes to a shootout,
it's just like,
ah,
all right,
maybe go no offsides.
I mean,
just,
I mean,
three,
it's a joke anyway.
It's three on three.
It's not real hockey.
Just like the guys can loaf.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
It's to enhance something.
So they're more likely to score.
If you were to go to 10 minutes,
I mean,
you don't want guys.
So the big thing for 10 minutes was the PA though.
And it was, it was the length of time, right?
Cause the guys who were on the ice, most of the game,
we're going to be the guys on the ice more.
So it became a PA issue for the five minutes.
So, yeah, I think if, if that guy's saying it, fuck, if he's,
if he's one of the strongest voices in the next CBA agreement,
fuck, he can get whatever he wants.
Yeah.
I'd certainly like to see it. And by the way,
that Vancouver Carolina OT
was it Sunday night? I don't know if you caught it.
Terrific OT, back and forth action.
Of course, they had to settle with a shootout.
Yeah, and Pedersen had the sick winner
with the Forsberg, too.
Awesome stuff. As we dog the shootout.
One more note on Connor,
too. He's the fastest to 80
points since the 96 Penguins of Mario,
Yaga, and Francis.
He got there in 44 games.
And right now, 37 goals, 46 assists, totaling 83 points in 45 games so far.
So he's looking to crack that 150 number that hasn't been hit for a while.
So obviously we want to see it, love to see it.
And one more Oilers note before we send it over to Tyson Barry.
We want to say congrats to
teammate Vincent Dehane on making
his NHL debut Wednesday in Anaheim.
26-year-old defenseman.
Was a seventh-round pick back in the 2016
draft. Played four years at Providence.
He was in his fourth season at Bakersfield.
Finally gets called up. Gets an
assist in his second game. And what's crazy,
it was almost 20 years to the day
that Fernando Passani made his debut
at the same age in the same arena
in Anaheim, 26 years old in Anaheim.
Just a wild coincidence.
But you got to love a story like that.
Guy grinded, finally gets a shot.
Oh, it's awesome.
It reminds me of Rob Scuderi,
who I don't know the exact age,
but I know he played three,
four years in the minors,
still getting a call up.
And then you know what his career turned into.
Stanley Cup champion twice and a guy who just kind of grinded it out
for those early years, turning pro and ends up getting his chance.
So that's an awesome story.
And the Oilers, they won three out of four, that big win in Vegas.
So they're kind of getting things going.
We'll see.
Yeah, he had an assist in his second game.
So that's pretty cool, man.
Fernando Cassani, too.
I mean, I guess you can't say greatest goals in Oiler history with
their history in the 80s and early 90s,
but he got that
I don't know if it was
shorthanded, but it was a breakaway game winner
in OT of the Game 5 Stanley Cup
final. They ended up smoking Carolina
Game 6 and lost back in Carolina
Game 7. But, you know,
the Canes were one goal away from
winning the Cup at home in Game five, and Bassani ended that.
Had a great run before he battled some brutal illness.
I don't know if it was ulcerative colitis or Crohn's disease,
but he went through his time.
I think it was Crohn's, yeah.
Yeah.
Well, before we go any further, we want to talk to you for a moment
about our Barstool merch.
Grinelli, you've done an outstanding job getting all this stuff out there.
We got the spit and chicklets gear, the big deal brewing stuff,
Pink Whitney stuff, the rollback stuff.
What's been your favorite thing we dropped so far this year, Gene?
All right.
You actually just mentioned the rollback, the rollback hoodies that we have.
And they are so comfortable.
They're light.
You can wear them basically whenever.
So the rollback hoodies are my favorite.
These independent co big deal, big deal brewing hoodies are awesome as well.
We have the Pink Whitney Winter Cap.
So we have so much stuff.
Also, the Watson Gloves, Winter Gloves.
I love those.
I wear those every single day.
The UNRL Sweatshirts.
I mean, I think everything is just is our merchandise.
It's just awesome right now.
So you can head on over to BarstoolSports.com slash chiclets or store.
BarstoolSports.com and check out the whole collection.
Absolutely.
I'm a big hoodie hat guy, especially sweatpants. So go there. Get all your spitting chiclets or store.barstoolsports.com and check out the whole collection. Absolutely. I'm a big hoodie hat guy, especially sweatpants.
So go there, get all your spitting chiclets merch.
Once again, at store.barstoolsports.com. Enjoy.
And I guess without further ado, we go to current Oilers defenseman,
Tyson Barry.
All right.
It's time to welcome this guest back for his second appearance after a four
year layoff.
He was taken on the third round by Colorado at the 0-9 draft
and spent his first eight seasons in Denver.
After a year in Toronto, he signed with Edmonton,
where he's currently in his third season as an Oiler.
Thanks so much for joining us once again on the Spittin' Chicklets podcast, Tyson Barry.
How's it going, man?
It's going great. Thanks for having me, guys.
Pleasure's all ours. I know you guys played in Vegas last night.
Did you guys spend the night, or did you just get out of home right after?
No, unfortunately, we got out of there right after.
Got in at like 4 a.m., so a little tired.
But if we would have stayed the night, it would have been the same result.
I thought for sure you guys were staying because you had the primary assist
45 seconds into the game.
I thought you had your credit card down on the table.
Boys, let's get it started early and let's get there early and shut it down.
Have teams spotting up about the Vegas flu after the first couple of years,
it seemed like teams are getting dummied every time they went to Vegas.
For me, it's not even a city where you really think about it.
Cause it's so obvious. If you want to go for a few beers,
like you got to go clubbing and stuff and that's just way too much.
So it hasn't, uh, I've never been hit with the Vegas flu before a game.
So I don't know,
maybe other teams are smartening up too,
but it just seems too daunting.
That seems like too big of a send.
You're more of a pub guy now too.
Anyway.
Yeah.
Just a Guinness or two and a little fish and chips.
That's as you get older,
Biz and I always say,
I mean,
even when the pod started years ago, it was kind
of like maybe we'd go to a club. Nope. Just
give me a pub with a game on TV. That's
all I need now.
Yeah, that's it. That's all I'm looking
for. It's hard to convince some of the young guys that's
all they need. I mentioned
it's been, I think, four years since we had you on before,
but you were one of the stars of Biz Does
BC back in the day. How'd he rope you into that?
He just texted me and he's like, Hey, I'm doing a little thing.
Do you want to go race some cars or do something and play around a golf?
And I was like, yeah, sounds great.
That was a long day, buddy. I appreciated that. You get, you probably,
you were probably the most featured, uh, other than maybe Morgan Riley.
So I appreciate the dedication of that. And it's glad to get you back on.
And it all happened on the Island where you were born and where you're from.
Exactly. Anytime I get a chance to show off the Island, I'm game.
So if you want to do a 2.0, let me know.
Well, we said,
we're going to go up there because biz has his place and join the golf club.
And then I know you're from there. Just an amazing place to grow up. Huh?
Yeah. I mean, I was a little, uh,
kind of all over the place with my dad playing too
bouncing around but we'd always go back in the summer it's where i was born and then
um since i've been playing i'm back every summer and try to spend as much time as i can there it's
just you know the more i travel and see things and see the world i'm still kind of you know
blown away every time i go back by the the beauty of it so uh very fortunate to be from vancouver
island and um the older i get the more i appreciate it i think it's the best kept secret in north Every time I go back by the beauty of it. So very fortunate to be from Vancouver Island.
The older I get, the more I appreciate it.
I think it's the best kept secret in North America.
Secrets out a little bit though, Biz.
Yeah, because of Biz.
Yeah, you're scooping up properties everywhere and talking about it on every fucking pod.
You keep it quiet, man.
There's a group of people in Victoria who despise spitting chiclets.
It's like this asshole with the big nose brings this place up every freaking week.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Luckily, I bought a property a while ago, so it's all good.
That's the only reason I'm doing it.
I'm trying to get the values up.
Going to gentrify the place.
You spent a lot of youth in Florida, too, didn't you?
What part of Florida were you in?
So we spent, my dad had like two stints there one little one when i was
young and then uh when i was like 10 years old we were in coral springs you know he was playing
with the panthers so i played uh the coral spring coyotes minor hockey yeah i was 10 so i remember
i remember it all and uh really good good memories of florida the hockey wasn't great back then it
was probably 20 years ago now so i imagine it's come a little ways since then. But yeah, I grew up playing minor hockey there over in Germany a little bit.
And California too.
Long Beach Junior Ace Dogs.
I've asked a lot of kids we've had on.
Well, not a lot because it's so rare to have a dad play in the NHL and then you make it.
And being like you mentioned, you're 10 years old.
It's not like you're three or four.
You remember it.
It must have just made you fall in love with the game even more being around these guys were you at the rink with them whenever you
could and like was was beret on those florida teams yeah uh pal was on the team and uh luongo
was the backup i think so i used to go out and shoot on shoot on him after practice trevor kip
was a goalie the wizard ray whitney was on the team uh melanie there was a lot man there was a
ton of good guys and um big peter
orrell was there and he used to just toss me around when i come in so yeah i got i had a lot
of great memories and it was uh it just made it fun because not a lot of kids were playing hockey
in florida back then so i was the only one going to practice and seeing that all my friends so it
was uh it was nice to be uh all the big boys were good to me. Was there a story? I wanted to quit a couple of times. Yeah.
Was there a story where like Peter Worrell used to throw you in the,
in the big dryers or something? Yeah. Oh yeah. He shoved me right in there.
He put me in the laundry bin and then rolled me over and put me at a close
door. That is so funny. Did you say you wanted to quit a couple of times?
Oh yeah. In Florida. Oh yeah. Well, it's just like, I was,
I was the only kid playing hockey in school
like at my school and it'd be time to go to practice and i was a little chunky and i was
like hard work and i didn't really like it like i loved i'd sit in the garage and shoot pucks and
play goalie all day but then it was time to get the gear on and go to practice i wasn't a
i wasn't a big fan so my dad would threaten to sell my gear and i'd cry and then i'd go and once
i moved back to the island it was a lot better because everybody was playing hockey and it's just what you did so um but yeah there
was a there was some I was a little heavy and I didn't really like the hard work that came along
with it so glad I shedded that I'm actually looking at your dad's like career on hockey db
right now so Victoria had a WHL team back in the day and that's where he played yeah I think why
did I feel like that'd be a perfect place for a team now, no? Well, they have one now.
Oh,
okay.
They got one back.
Okay.
Okay.
So it went to the ECHL for a bit though,
didn't it?
And they lost.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Went to the Salmon Kings.
Jordy Ben had a quick stint there.
And then maybe I missed the,
I missed the WHL team by a year that they came from Chilliwack.
And then I was,
I, I moved on, but yeah, I missed him by a year, They came from Chilliwack, and then I moved on.
But yeah, I missed them by a year.
But yeah, they've been there for 12 years now.
Were you able to play with the Benz growing up quite a bit at a certain point? They were out in Peninsula, and they're a bit older than me.
But I played a couple games with the Victoria Grizzlies Junior A team when I was underage.
And that team had Bozak uh jordy
jamie uh carrying on really good team and i absolutely blew it i think i went tick four
in a playoff game for him but my dad owned the team so that helped that's the only reason i was
in the line um yeah so i played with them just briefly in junior but then i got to play with
jamie for two years in colonna that's where you like really popped off were you always that offensive minded because I want to say you're the like the
highest scoring defenseman in Kelowna Rockets uh history right yeah yeah uh yeah not a big deal
I was really I was really offensive minded in minor hockey like I was a wagon I was just up
and down the ice kind of last man back toe drag, that whole thing. And since tried to dial it in a little bit.
Not really, though.
No, I mean, hey, watch my game now.
I'm not taking any chances.
I'm just stalling out there, keeping it all in front of me.
But yeah, Kelowna was a great, great place to play junior
and a really fun spot.
I mean, all around.
And they treated us so well.
And I got a great opportunity, played on some great teams,
won the league, backdoor, tuck, game winner.
Game six, overtime.
What do you say?
Not a big deal.
And I went to the Memorial Cup final and absolutely blew it.
No.
You guys get smoked?
Yeah, like three goals on five shots to start it off maybe.
And then just couldn't claw back.
Spitfires, they had a good squad too
though halsey yeah hall cass uh henrique ellis uh ellis that whole that's a wagon right there
zach cassian yeah yeah it was castle on that team or he maybe he went the next year i think he was
on the team that won it the next year actually i feel like the way you move i mean skating is
definitely your best asset in his 2009 draft like probably go a little higher now.
Was it maybe your size then where we're now in the draft?
Does it really matter as much?
Yeah, maybe a little bit.
I think, but I don't know.
You know, I had a good year and I don't know what, I don't know what held me back.
Maybe my dad, teams were afraid of him, so they didn't take me.
But no, I don't know.
But I'm super grateful the way it worked out
and i got to yeah i got to land in colorado and uh you know those eight years you mentioned were
a lot of fun for me and lifelong friends i've met there and love the city so i think it all works
out how it's supposed to and now i'm here in beautiful edmonton hi so when did that pro
career like first money radar when you think i thought to yourself i can do this for a living
i can play in this league oh man probably like not till i was in uh my later years in colonna once i got drafted and then
uh the next year when i was 18 i had a really good year and started getting some attention
for maybe making the world junior team which i thought was just way out of reach and um then
after that i was like holy shit maybe i can actually make a career out of this
thing and i kind of took it off the pedestal but i didn't i didn't know i would play in the nhl until
i literally put my skates on for my first nhl game that just seemed so far-fetched for me and uh
you know very grateful for you know the 12 years i've played and uh getting to do this for for as
long as i have and and hopefully a couple more good ones ahead of me. Yeah. When you broke him a call route,
that team was super young.
I think there were only like three guys over 30 years old.
And that team was,
uh,
pretty good.
Dude,
we had a lot of fun,
but we were not good.
Yeah.
We struggled.
Uh,
but yeah,
that was a complete,
that was a lot of wagonry going on,
on that team.
My,
my,
my new partner was big Shane O'Brien there.
And we had Mark Andre, Klisch, PA Parenteau, Patrick Bortolo, There was a lot of wagonry going on on that team. My due partner was Shane O'Brien there.
And we had Marc-Andre Klisch, P.A. Parenteau, Patrick Bortolo,
Ginner, O'Reilly.
I actually heard about that team.
You guys had quite a bit of fun.
I think like half the team went down to Cabo during Olympic break one year.
Just never came back.
Was Yipper on one of those teams?
Yeah, he was.
Yipper was there the year before I got there.
So I went to training camp with Yipper.
I know him a little bit, but I missed him by a year.
Just a bunch of delinquents.
Yeah, exactly.
So from my understanding, it was Eric Johnson's injury, which basically led to you getting more ice time and being able to flourish.
What was the injury that he sustained?
It wasn't when he got hurt with the golf cart thing, was it?
No, man, I don't, I wouldn't know. He's, he was hurt all the time.
I can't keep up with that guy's rap sheet, but he definitely, uh,
he went down, you know,
I was kind of up and down and trying to find my way and I got called up and I
just remember he was, he was hurt. So I was getting a little bit more ice time,
but I wasn't really pissing a drop. I wasn't doing much much with it and then i kind of got into it with our d coach on
the bench and i was just like fuck it i'm gonna just go to like kind of play my game and i just
i made like a sick outlet pass stass went down scored tied it up and then it went to ot was four
on four stass came around the net found me in the slot i buried it and that was kind of like my oh
shit after that yeah after that i was like i think i had like i was like a point of game to finish the season and kind of
never looked back but i was i was teetering there i thought i was going to magnetodors for a while
i didn't know what my career was gonna look like you know you might be richer now what was the
fuck you match on the bench was yeah i love hearing that stuff yeah yeah yeah it was just like he'd
said something to me when I came off the bench,
and I just screamed out.
I'm like, fuck you then.
Like, you want me to go?
And he's like, yeah, fucking do something.
Kind of like, show me what you can do.
Like, you're talking about it.
And I was like, okay.
And then I'm sure it would have happened eventually, but I just, you know,
I got lucky that I kind of broke it right after, like, the next shift, I think.
I went out and did something.
And then it was like, that was kind of good timing,
but I could easily just absolutely floundered the rest of the game.
Who knows? I would have been in the minors, but yeah,
it was just kind of heated and he was like, fuck you then show me something.
So then I did luckily.
You were a pizza pizza away on that shift.
Like imagine it gets picked off. It goes the other way.
You would have been a big needed orsk.
Oh, a hundred percent. Yeah.
My dad was calling overseas looking for deals
already. He's like, get up, my Andrew.
I'm like, alright. Settle down, buddy.
Did you go by the bench, fucking
stare down the coach? Give him the
there you go. Yeah, something
like that. I don't know if I was that cool
at that point. Speaking of coaches,
you had Paddy Watt for a few years there. How crazy
of a coach was he? We've heard some stories over the
years. Were you there the first game when him and Bruce Boudreaux
were going after each other?
Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah.
He was sending a message earlier.
That was his first game.
And that was actually one of the worst games of my career.
And we pulled it off.
We won that one.
But, yeah, that was wild.
And it was McKinnon's first year, I think.
Yeah, Nate's first year.
So, you know, we were kind of in it together me and
i was fresh new and patty came in and we're like holy shit it's patrick law and then he just went
absolutely bananas on the bench and we're like looking at each other like what did we get
ourselves into here it was great though i liked patty a lot me and patty you know we he would he
was super intense and uh but he never held a grudge or anything he would he would he could
give it to you but the next day he'd be like yeah how are you doing you know he was he was just a passionate guy but
i really enjoyed playing for him so you and mckinnon have obviously become very close friends
what was the first interaction was it the training camp that year or had you guys been introduced
before that uh no we we went to uh they do that rookie development thing in Washington.
So me and Nate, uh, they drafted him like that summer. And then I was like a young guy coming up.
So they sent me and Nate was my roommate there.
And, uh, yeah, we just met at that thing.
We went, had a couple of beers one night and, and then we were roommates for the next two
years.
And, uh, yeah, Nate's a, he's a, he's a beauty, one of my best buddies and was super excited for him to, to get to hoist it last year. And yeah, he's a, he's, he's entertainment, pure entertainment.
I love, I love the contrast of like, I mean, he seems to be a bit of a snapshot or at least has reeled that in. Were you the calm side of him to be like, Hey, it's going to, it's going to be all right. So it's kind of like this yin and yang.
Oh yeah. Oh, we got into it a bunch on the bench. He'd be screaming at me.
I'd be yelling at him, but yeah, he's done.
He's always fighting to keep you so passionate and emotional. He's,
he's always fighting to not be screaming at somebody. So I always, uh,
I tried to just, you know, level them right out and calm them down, but that I didn't have a ton of luck most of the time. time. At the end of the day, we'd end up fucking screaming at each other on the bench.
He's looking for the best out of everybody and himself.
He doesn't ask you to do anything he's not doing already.
We've had some pretty funny
screaming matches. McKinnon's been so good to us. We interviewed him up
in Halifax with
crosby and he came on this summer after they wanted her in the fall before the year started
and and he was telling us up there that uh there was a big moment for him he started working with
a sports psychologist and things started changing and looking through the rosters i think it was
your third year he came into the league and then your sixth year is when he popped off like do you
remember something changing in him in him in terms of like the mental aspect or just like his skill level?
Because it just took off to the 97 points, 99 points.
And you kind of saw it all change.
Yeah.
I mean, it was.
They kind of flipped the switch.
He came in and, you know, like you mentioned, we had a group of guys that was a lot of fun and liked to, you know, like to party and do all this stuff.
And he was young and he was just kind of following the lead.
And, you know, I don't think he was even scratching the surface of how good he could be.
And I don't even think he knew how good he could be.
And then that summer he went and just kind of nailed it down and took everything, you know, he's doing.
I'm sure you guys will ask me about it, but, you know, the one thing I noticed with Nate and playing with Austin and Connor and uh getting to know Sid really well is all these guys like the one thing they have in
common is like they're doing everything they can to be the best player they can and that's that
sixth year I think you're talking about Nate's third year is that's that's when he started doing
that you know he started taking nutrition seriously and just kind of top to bottom doing
everything he could to be as good as he could be and that's no surprise he kind of just turned it on and that's one thing i've noticed all those
guys have in common nice there was said to be a lot of like locker room divisions and stuff uh
the early years there was that stuff overblown or was it there was a lot of truth to that oh i don't
know i loved everybody i thought we were having a great time i didn't uh are you talking with
dutchie and that kind of thing yeah no i i think there was  no, I don't think it was a locker room division.
I think, you know, obviously Factor held out the one year for that contract.
You know, we'd had a bad team.
We weren't  you know, we'd had two years and not really doing anything.
And then it just kind of  you know, Dutchie was there a long time
and had run his course.
And they moved Factor out, and Dutchie came out,
and then it was Nate's team.
So, yeah, there was nothing ever that was, like,
super divisive in the locker room or anything like that.
We were having a good time.
R.A. wants the tea, eh?
Just trying to dig old shit up and get you in a bad mood,
put you on your heels.
Fuck R.A.
I'm trying to remember, man.
I'm trying to remember.
That was a long time ago.
No, I mean, we all all got along and there was nothing uh we were certainly weren't gelling as well as we could have on the ice but it
was fine when did it start turning there like when did you guys start feeling more positive and it
started heading in the right direction was it when when bednar first came in no bedsy came in and we
were the worst team in the like in the planet do you remember that year oh jesus yeah that was uh like was maybe 14 15 or something like that but like yeah we were just
just terrible like i would have playoffs by like christmas just floundering that was bedsy's first
year because patty quit like maybe two weeks before camp so poor bedsy came in and just like went sideways early
and then we just couldn't claw back so that was uh but then the next year it was like so
embarrassing so that you know we had a good summer and a couple couple pieces came in and
uh yeah and then that year we made the playoffs and i think we lost trying to remember maybe we
lost in game seven to san jose or something that, second round. That was kind of the first time guys were like, okay, maybe we got something here.
You know, like it's not that, kind of took it off the pedestal to playoffs and winning a round.
Winning a round was huge.
We beat Calgary in the first round.
What was the vibe when Paddy Waugh just quit, up and quit?
Like, were you guys like, were you a little relieved?
You know, yeah, it was getting a little bit because it was getting, you know, you could tell he was, you know, he was searching for answers.
We were searching for answers.
Nothing was really working.
And then he kind of pulled it and it was a fresh start.
But like, boy, did it go sideways for us the next year?
Nice.
I know you had an arbitration here and there when you were in Colorado.
Was it as bad as they say it is as far as like the team just shitting all over you?
No, I couldn't see it going that way, depending on, you know, who your GM and who's on the other side of the table.
But luckily I had Joe Sackick there and he's, you know, I don't need to tell you.
Yeah, I don't need to tell you guys about Joe.
I just don't like him.
Yeah, sweetheart.
He didn't.
He took it easy on me.
He gave me a couple of comparables I didn't agree with.
But other than that, you know, it was fine.
I was a little, you know, if you go to arbitration, you know, most, I think 95 of the guys probably settled outside the room or right before it goes down.
And we actually went through with it.
So that was a little annoying because I was the only guy that year.
And I just didn't feel like I was maybe being valued or whatever. So I gave Joe a call separately after before the award or the arbitration was going to come out and kind of gave it to him a little bit.
And then we were able to settle it on the phone.
So I think we could have probably avoided all that had we not let other people get in the middle.
Isn't that crazy, too?
Like if you just call them from the beginning, you wonder if it ever would have happened.
I know agents have their job, but you know what I mean?
It's just like some sort of difference. Yeah, you take out the totally sort of difference yeah you take out the middle man yeah you take out the
middle man and then you get to it but there's also you know i wonder how much pressure going
through the arbitration and then actually you know we both neither of us know what's going to
happen so then it was kind of we were fighting over not a ton of money so it was uh maybe that
pushed it to the point where he was like okay fine but yeah i i always think it's at this point
in my career i like to talk to gms and kind of get on the phone and just see where, where you're at in negotiations. I think that, you know, taking out the middleman sometimes is a good thing.
Who was the comparable that just put you over the edge?
I'm not going to say.
It's like a Whitney and Edmonton four years ago.
Yeah, exactly. Yeah.
yeah exactly yeah it seemed like that was the one thing that really ticked you off like you saw a certain name and you're like well i was like this is a fucking comparable
joe you call him on the phone like the guy's in the coast now joe i was i was running like 50 60
points a year there and i think the guy who's comparing me to i'd like i don't even know if
he'd hit 20 and i was like this is not close the guy doesn't even play on the power play like I don't know it was uh it was interesting but a long long long time ago long forgotten
between you and McKinnon like was there things he was teaching you that was advancing your
offensive game to like even another level like what were you guys doing to gain that chemistry
because you just mentioned one of those big years you had you were almost a point of game yeah yeah
that was that was a fun year I broke my hand unfortunately and um kind of cut my season short but yeah just you
know what I found with Nate he was like he's so good obviously and but I found him like as a
teammate he's predictable you know like he would he just knew what he was doing he was either going
to toast the guy one-on-one or I was a righty he was a righty so if he didn't have a step on him
he'd pull up and look for the late guy. You know, I was usually that late guy.
They played me lots with him.
So I was kind of following him up,
anticipating what he was going to do.
And yeah, we just, and then, you know,
his work ethic, I'd be on the ice well before practice,
well after practice, working one-timers,
working on our hands and everything.
And it was just, it was fun growing up for,
you know, not growing up, but, you know,
growing with the guy and being on that team
and then watching our team get better
and, you know, being a big part of that with them. And we just, you know, growing with the guy and being on that team and then watching our team get better and, you know, being a big part of that
with them. And we just, you know, we were always working
on our game and that was probably where the chemistry
came from. And, you know, we were at dinner every night
and having fun too. So
I don't know if it was anything
crazy. Nothing, nothing too crazy.
Nice. Of course, Colorado ended up trading
you to Toronto. Were you bummed out? Were you
pissed off? Did you have a sense it was coming with the contract
stuff and Kale McCart coming up
I broke the trade
did you biz
we were at the local in Victoria
our buddy Zenger's place
and he goes he comes he takes a phone
call comes back to the table he's like
I just got traded to the Leafs
and I'm a Leafs guy so I was fucking pumped
I'm like hey can I break it and he's probably
like bro I just got traded like let, so I was fucking pumped. I'm like, hey, can I break it? And he's probably like, bro, I just got traded.
Like, let me absorb it.
I didn't care.
That was all good.
No, I kind of knew the writing was on the wall.
I think I almost got dealt to Vancouver at the draft,
and then that fell through.
And so I knew there was a chance.
And like I've mentioned before, like I skated with Cale.
He came and joined us in the playoffs that year.
And like I knew right away. I think we were doing like I skated with Kale. He came and joined us in the playoffs that year. And like, I knew right away,
I think we were doing like that drill and a pregame skating.
Most teams do it. It's like forward sentence, the D to D and then up.
And just the way he, the way he moved and he just fired the puck.
And then he was like halfway through the neutral zone. And I was like,
what the hell was that? I'm like, who the fuck is this guy? And then he,
you know,
he came in and played right away and he scored his first game and just,
you know, kind of dominated right off the hop.
So writing was on the wall there for me. And it was, it was all good though.
And then, you know, going to Toronto was,
that was a whole different animal for me. I'd played in one organization,
never played in Canada.
Me and Babs didn't exactly get off on the right foot there. So it was a,
it was a tough opening stretch for me in Toronto.
But, I mean, amazing guys.
They got me through a lot.
And good crew.
Do you think it was more like he expected more defensively?
I mean, like, I always wonder, like, what off the hop does something like that go sideways?
You know, like, I know he could be a complete prick.
That's part of it.
Yeah, I think.
Well, I don't know. I don't want to sit here and bag on Babs. Because, you know, I I know he could be a complete prick. That's part of it. Yeah. I think, well, I don't know.
I don't want to sit here and bag on Babson because, you know,
I could have played a lot better too, but I think, you know,
first phone call, you know, I just got traded. It's July one.
I'm still trying to, you know, pick up the pieces. I'm,
I'm still figuring out what's going on. And, you know, he's like,
happy to have you, but we got a lot to work with, you know,
we got a lot to work on with you. And like, it wasn't really like a july 1st just i would yell at me first day yeah like hey let me know what i missed my box out or whatever and then you know after that i went in and you know
they already had you know morgan riley i think had close to 80 points a year before he was running
their first power play and you know it just wasn't really a a good fit for me i didn't really know
what my role was on the team and i was kind of you know second unit and wasn't that you know, it just wasn't really a good fit for me. I didn't really know what my role was on the team.
And I was kind of, you know, second unit and wasn't, you know, I just didn't really have a defined role.
And, you know, that was that was new for me.
So I was trying to figure it out and obviously laid an absolute egg my first 20 something games.
So I apologize to leave faithful for that.
But, yeah, it was it was it definitely picked up after keifer came in kind of a a sign to people that don't get the mental aspect of things like yeah you didn't start off great but you can never say it doesn't have something to do with maybe
just feeling under the gun and feeling under this different type pressure from a coach you know it's
just like if you had different conversations leading in who knows maybe the first 20 games
you played great there's just so much more that goes into it i think that fans don't necessarily always think
about yeah and you know you're getting a you change teams for the first time and i had uh
colin wilson got traded from nashville where he'd been his whole career to colorado and you know i
got really tight with him and he was just like he's like man he's like i've seen guys get traded
and come in and blah blah he's like i didn't know how hard it was you know i've been in nashville my whole life i got here and i just like
i'm the man of nashville i know everybody like blah blah blah and he's like no i'm just like
i'm just swimming out here so he told me that and i didn't really understand it until i got
traded and then i went to toronto and i'm used to you know kind of being the guy knowing all
the ropes and everything and then i'm just looking around around for help, you know? So it's a, it's a weird thing getting traded for your first time. And, um, but yeah, it's gotta be a,
you know, you gotta, you gotta play and do your thing, but definitely having the right fit and,
uh, feeling comfortable was a long way. Was Babs at least fair with you? Like when you didn't get
off to the great start or was he kind of treading water himself or he was kind of onto the gun too,
right? I don't know how honest I can be, but yeah, I think, you know,
I know he really liked Nas as a player and I don't know if I was the guy he would have brought in.
I don't know where he saw me fitting into that lineup and didn't go as planned for either of us there.
So it was a tough start, no doubt.
But yeah, I think he definitely tried in the way that he could to make it work.
And we got into it a few times, but maybe for another episode.
Tyson, was Toronto as much of a fishbowl as you anticipated, or was it even worse?
Like the environment every day with 9,000 cameras and mics every day.
Yeah, it was kind of what I expected, you know.
But I mean, there's definitely a lot there.
Like now I'm playing in Edmonton, and it doesn't feel, you can feel the pressure there.
They just want to win so bad and it's been so long and such a you know it's
a tough city to lose and no doubt those guys take a lot of heat and um but man if you could ever win
in that city it would be absolutely insane so there's good and bad that come with it but it was
it's a it was definitely a stark contrast coming from Colorado what about Matthews and Marner did
you feel bad for what they would have to deal with?
Yeah, for sure.
Yeah, I think, I mean, even look at the beginning of this year,
they got off, I think they were like five and five
and just got absolutely torched there.
And now look at them, they're buzzing again.
By us.
No, no, I was defending them.
I said it was a nothing burger.
Oh yeah, Biz said they're going back-to-back cup titles,
so I forgot about that.
See, that's, I mean, it's such a big market,
and those guys are big names, they're amazing players,
and they just want to win there.
So, you know, I'm rooting for them out of the East,
and it'd be fun to play them in the playoffs maybe.
Didn't Matthews introduce you to Bieber?
Yeah, yeah, he did.
What was that like?
Oh, it was great.
Biebs was great.
He's  yeah, he called me like  so he had, we had, we call him Big Tony.
We had Matthews and Tyler Ennis over for Christmas morning.
And then the next, like that night, he's like, hey, would you, do you want to go to Biebs' place tomorrow?
And I'm like, yeah, sure.
What are you talking about?
And he's like, well, he's like's like yeah they did ask me if like i'd
want to go hang out he's doing working on a little uh documentary thing and they want me to swing by
and he's like i don't really want to go by myself so uh me and martin's went with them and um yeah
that was a that was a crazy experience but i mean beebs was such a such a sweet guy and his wife
hayley opened the door when we got there we were just standing there she's like hey i'm hayley like
come in justin's out back and we go out there and he's like decked out in this big parka like shooting
a music video and shit and we're like what is going on right now that first thing he does he
sees martin's he started chirping martin's he's like holy shit martin skipped leg day much like
he was great that's awesome yeah and then we got to we got to hang out with him a few more times
after that and i know that uh austin those guys are pretty tight with him now. So he's a good
dude. So I know you mentioned, you know, you got to play with obviously McDavid and Leon now,
and you saw McKinnon and Matthews. And I think Matthews sometimes he's, you know, he's into
fashion, he's stylish, like all these things, but all that stuff's kind of a smokescreen when it
comes to his on ice and off ice work. Like he's a dog in terms of always trying to get better,
like summers. It's not exactly what it seems like in terms of always trying to get better like summers it's
not exactly what it seems like in terms of the lavish lifestyle it's all hockey for him yeah
he's uh i mean he's enjoying his life but man like he's he's putting the work in he's doing
everything he's he's running that same program nutrition lifestyle everything he's uh he's doing
everything he can to to be as good as he can.
And, and that's, you know, I admire all those guys for that because on any given night,
they're all the best player in the world. It's, uh, it's pretty special to watch what they're
doing. And, um, obviously we got our guy here and him and Leon are outrageous too. So, um, I've been
very fortunate to play with a couple of good players, pad the stats a little bit.
Have you ever been in McDusty's hot tub?
Of course. Yeah. I don't, I gotta, I gotta be honest. I don't watch a ton of good players. Pad the stats a little bit. Have you ever been in McDusty's hot tub? Of course.
Yeah.
Like,
I,
I,
I don't,
I gotta,
I gotta be honest.
I don't watch a ton of the pods or anything,
but I figured you've got like an obsession with Dusty's hot tub.
He says,
nobody's invited there,
but this just brings down the oil.
Dude.
Don't let,
don't let,
no,
I,
I think I asked him.
We'll nip this in the butt.
You cut that shit out right now because yeah,
we've been in McDavey's hot tub.
It's a fantastic time.
He hosts all the parties. He's a, he's a beauty, man. He's okay.
So I respect them for not talking about the hot tub on national TV.
So it's kind of like this underground thing.
You don't talk about much like a speakeasy. Yeah. You, I mean, yeah.
If you want to talk about the hot tub, you're going to be in the hot tub.
I don't know if you're getting the invite, buddy. Oh, no, I'm banned from the hot tub.
Yeah.
Yeah.
What about Witt?
I'm a diehard.
Yeah, Witt can come tub.
A couple of chilly ones.
What about R.A.?
Do you want him in the hot tub?
Yeah, R.A. can sit next to the hot tub in a hoodie.
Hey, he could be the bouncer of the Peaky's.
All right, you got to put your time outside the hot tub
and maybe McDusty will get drunk enough one night to be like,
ah, no, fucking all right, come in the hot tub.
I'll tell you what, though, Ty,
like Biz has been just getting question shamed by us constantly this year.
And Dreitz Eidel and McDavid are just,
I think they hate his guts after the question this guy asked.
You should see, you got to watch the McDavid interview
when he asked about being a goal scorer.
Basically like he shits in Biz's face.
No, no, let me ask you this.
Did he say anything about in training camp
about having a different mindset going into the season?
Like, did he say fuck it boys i'm not
passing as much and giving you fuckers as many backdoor tap-ins i'm taking shit into my own
hands this year and i'm snapping it more yeah did you have him mic'd up that's exactly what he said
no i i think davey's making an effort to shoot more and score that's what i'm saying
i he might be but i mean i don't think he gets enough credit for his shot he's uh he's a
sneaky sneaky good goal scorer and you know he doesn't have the big one-timer but i mean you
see he can beat a goalie from anywhere i asked if he had a different mindset coming into the year
because i think his career high is 44 and he was on pace for 82 so i thought it was a pretty good
question and this fucking idiot likes to shame me just like the rest of the donkeys.
Well, no, it's just McDavid.
He's like, no, I've scored 40 before I could score.
Like, it was just like so disgusting the way he looked.
It was like a look of just shame and biz.
Did he mention anything to you?
No, he didn't.
He didn't mention anything to me.
Sorry.
Ty, when you first signed with Edmonton, you were a UFA, but you signed a one year deal.
Were you kind of leery about just signing a one-year deal or was it kind of betting on
yourself type of thing? Yeah, for sure. You know, there was a couple other things out there, but I
was just looking at, you know, I'd been to Toronto where it wasn't a great fit and I was just looking
for fits. You know, I wanted to be in a spot where I would be utilized properly. And, you know,
Edmonton just, out. That was the
spot.
They had some cap space things
going on. We were in the middle of the panty there.
The one year was
definitely a bet.
I'm glad it was able to work out.
To come in and
be able to run the power play with the
group we have here was
a no-brainer.
I could give just little outlet passes behind the net over the half.
I call those McDavid apples.
They don't even count.
The fans don't count.
And I didn't get any points in my career because they were all Crosby
Malkin apples.
When you're on the bench by the time the puck goes in.
Yeah, yeah.
No, I got a good gig here.
So those are called the McDavid apples.
They don't count.
They show up on the score sheet.
But yeah, he's incredible.
In terms of this year,
like obviously some inconsistency with the Oilers
and not having Canes huge.
But last night I watched in Vegas.
Like I feel like it was huge for you to go into the third up 4-3
and then that's how the game ended.
Like had to be a pretty big feeling for your group in terms of like holding a lead in that building
and getting that win right massive that's a that's a tough building um and we came out had a great
start they you know battled too and uh to hold a lead like that in a building like that was a
that was big for us i mean we're starting to play a little better we had a good road trip there and
hopefully we're just uh onwards and upwards here So I've heard a couple funny clips of this
cost and doing interviews. I think it was on 32 thoughts with Elliot and Jeff and, and he's played
so well with you guys. Is he just, he actually reminds me, there's a little bit of Zdorov the
way he does interviews. Maybe it's because they're, they're both Russian, but he's brought a lot of
life to the team. No. Yeah, yeah. We call him
Klimdras. He's been awesome.
I mean, he's
fucking super talented, big boy.
He'll fight, he hits.
I mean, super impressive, and then
a great guy off the ice, too. He's just
loving life, living it, and
we're lucky to have him.
I haven't seen...
Klimdras? Yeah, Klimdras. I said, Lindros? Yes. Yeah, biz. we're lucky uh we're lucky to have him i haven't seen i haven't seen i heard yeah
yes yeah so well i'm hey fuck i'm just asking for the dummies at home who might not have gotten it
not everybody's the biggest hockey fan who listens to the podcast i dump things down here people
yeah that's what we love about you no clem's great and uh i think yeah he was like i think
maybe a reporter or someone tripped one of the guys on our team.
And then he just kind of gave it to him.
And I get an interview after and the boys were just loving it.
But I haven't seen anything else that he's been doing.
But he's a funny guy.
You're the guy who goes like six nicknames deep.
What's McDavid's nickname on the team?
What do you call him?
I call him McDavid.
Alfonso McDavid.
Because when Team Canada soccer was going on. Yeah, we got a couple of good ones. name on the team what do you call him i call him mcdavey alfonso mcdavey because when the team
canada soccer was going on yeah we got a couple good ones okay who's what do you call leon
it doesn't make it will make any sense to you guys say it we need to know i want to start
starting a cologne company with the guys so anything will make sense grinelli get the whole
fucking list of the team we're going through through the whole team. Give us Leon, please.
Call him
Brinney, but that won't make any sense.
Brinney? Brinney, yeah.
What about Nuge? Nuge is the only guy
I played with that's still there.
Or is it just Nuge? No, he gets
Nuggles.
They put this horse racing
thing up and it was like they nicknamed
everybody. When we're playing and the fans are like, they nicknamed everybody like, and you know,
when we're playing and the fans are like each,
each fan or section gets a horse and they had,
his horse was like Nugent hoofkins. So we call them hoofkins or I don't know.
Nugs is an easy one to work with. You can go any direction on that one.
Give us a couple more people at home might be kind of like questioning why
we're laughing at this,
but I would say this is something I miss in terms of being on a team.
It's just random nicknames.
And then just like every time you hear it, you end up laughing.
So that's why we're laughing so hard.
I could spend the next 45 minutes getting every player you play with
this nickname and I'd be fucking dying.
Yeah.
Do you know they call Marner the pea shooter?
Why?
Just because he's a little pea shooter.
Just a little guy. Was it Matthewews you said you called tony yeah big tone why just because tony i don't know
tyler ennis gave him that because his name spelled like a u s t o n and so enzo thought it was like a
weird spelling so there you go it just makes no sense but makes so much sense at the same time
it's kind of bossy though big tony yeah it fits
for the big tone you give him the wrist too the big tony sure were they doing the water bottle
bukkake when you were there when everybody comes in the room and they all put water in their face
no but i'm not sure i did anything worthy of the water bottle bukkake while i was there so no babs gave you one but it was
acid no it was waterboard he's like i need you to box out yeah yeah put the put the fucking
electrical on the nipple clamp things two guys bust connor's balls about those socks we've been
seeing all over the place yeah what the hell is the story with those yeah i mean he's had a few
pairs over the years so there's uh but like i mean he's had a few pairs over the years so there's uh but
like i mean he's obviously wearing socks for way too long i think the company stopped making them
and he loves the way they don't slide in his skates or whatever so um hopefully the hopefully
the company can reboot and get him some new socks um what do you call paul yarvey what's his nickname
well the bison king okay you guys stick with the Bison King.
Bison Head.
Yes.
I don't know. Whatever.
So interestingly enough, it hasn't been the easiest go for him.
And he came out this year and had some really open and honest comments.
Like, maybe I'm not good enough for this league.
Do you know if any of the, I don't know if you did,
or any of the guys talked to him after that came out?
Or is it more just kind of let a guy you know go and be himself or somebody trying
to pick him up after that stuff came out yeah I mean I've definitely had some good chats with
him over the you know last year or so we've gotten a little tighter and um you know hockey is such a
game of confidence and some nights it feels so easy and some nights it's near impossible to play
so uh we love Jesse he's such a good good kid
and um i think he's starting to find his way here a little bit and uh you know we're rooting for him
so uh yeah you know it's tough when when you kind of get a snapshot into a guy's you know kind of
psyche and what he's thinking and um you know we we knew a bit of that uh from just chatting with
him and having some beers so uh but i think he's, he's coming around.
Have you met Jack Campbell's cats yet?
I'm like really allergic to cats, but no, I haven't met me, your buds yet.
Good too. I thought he only had one. I only saw him walk at one with a leash.
What do you make of having a teammate with a cat or cats?
I mean, I love soup, soup's the man.
So I think it's just like super on brand for him to have a couple or cats i mean i love soup soup's the man so i i think it's just like super on brand
for him to have a couple cats and i mean yeah it's it's soupy of course he walks his cat uh tyson
after dave tippett left you guys brought in jay woodcroft uh what was it about him that the team
responded to right away so well you guys like kind of fight come firing out of the gate when he joined
the team yeah he just came in and gave us like a ton of just like no, like no, no gray area structure.
You know, this is what we're asking of you. This is what is expected of you. You know,
if you're in this situation, this situation, this is your job. And that I think was lacking
a little bit with the other guys where it was kind of, it was a little more free play and
you know, Connor and Leon would just kind of buzz around and win us games a lot of
nights.
And this was definitely more of a team kind of structured game,
which really benefited us.
I'm looking at the roster.
It's like,
there's some young guys too.
And I watched that McLeod,
that kid could skate like the wind.
And I mean,
hallway it's,
it seems like there's guys who as the season's gone on,
they're getting a little better and better.
And when the inconsistency has been part of the first half it to me it looks like
the second half is when you guys should be able to take off I know that's how it went last year too
I mean you guys know it's not easy to be young in this league and you know I my third year in the
league I got sent down for six games still trying to find my way I mean Hollywood's you know played
40 games or whatever Clowder's you know played 40 games or whatever
clouters you know finding his way still and but you can see it the last few games they've been
you know buzzing they've been really good for us and uh you know that's the kind of those are the
kind of guys you need if you want to if you want to hoist it so i think uh i think we've got a great
roster and we're kind of setting up nice here we're starting to play better and you know we've
had some great chats in the room and we're doing a couple things differently.
It's paying off for us.
Is Mark Stewart part of that coaching staff?
Yeah, he is. Is he on the bench or no?
Yeah, he's on the bench.
He's our face-off guy. He kind of
runs through all the team's face-off plays.
He's on the bench. He's got his iPad.
I played with Stewie
for a little bit.
Part of the national program.
That kid was a beast.
Is he still fucking built like a refrigerator?
Exactly that.
He's just shredded.
Big old head on him.
He's just jacked.
Have you turned the younger guys into winos?
I know you like your wine.
Yeah, I do like a nice red. I mean, no, not trying to turn anybody into an alcoholic here.
So just, you know, Nuge really likes his red too.
It's those BC guys.
Yeah.
What kind of reds?
It's a lifestyle.
I like everything.
We'll get kind of a box set with just all different stuff and try new stuff, go to different regions.
If it's red, it's dead.
That's your motto, basically. Yeah, there you
go. You played, like you mentioned earlier,
you played with Nate, you played with Austin, you played with Con
at different times. What's something maybe off-ice
to all those guys have in common? They're obviously three
different personalities, but is there one
thing, that one trait that they all sort of share
maybe? Yeah, I think what I said earlier
about just what
they're doing,
the sacrifices they make, whether it's a night out or you go for lunch what they're doing, the sacrifices they make,
whether it's a night out or you go for lunch
and they're eating a salad.
It doesn't look like a ton of fun,
and they're making the sacrifices to make sure that they're ready to play.
But yeah, they're all super different personalities.
Each one of them is different people,
but that's definitely the one thing they all have in common.
Obviously, it's paying off for all three of them.
And since the last time we talked, I mean, you're a dad now, right?
So have you found it almost easier to enjoy the game going home?
Is it your son?
Yeah, Leo.
You know what I'm saying?
It just kind of changes perspective a little bit, I'm guessing.
I never had kids when I played.
Looking back now, though, I feel like I would have enjoyed the game a little bit more having a kid at home to go to.
Yeah, it's I mean, it changes, you know, I guess it changes your whole life and just kind of your perspective on everything.
And yeah, you're doing you know, you're doing everything for him now.
And but it does.
It makes it a lot easier.
Like today we have a day off and we're hanging out all morning and um just you totally forget about hockey it's uh it's pretty special and i'm lucky
i got a good thing going here at home and uh we're having a nice time by the way you guys get hosed
with the day off being the day that you land at 4 a.m it's like those day offs you're like this
doesn't even count i know i was uh like we i think i went to bed at like 4 30
and then leo's up at like 6 30 and i haven't seen him in a week so emma brings him in and i get to
hang with him for like you know half hour and then i go back to sleep for an hour and now i'm a zombie
and i got a fucking spit and chiclets interview at one so well you're doing great buddy you're
bringing a lot of laughs that's for sure yeah yeah uh taking a look at the standards
dice and obviously everybody's neck and neck for the wild card uh divisions and whatnot you guys
almost feel like you're in the playoff mode now where it's not every night is a must win but you
got you got teams nipping at your heels and shit yeah it's man it's all year you know like we're
we haven't put ourselves in a position yet where we can take a night off like you gotta you gotta
rattle off 10 in a row to to not you know feel the pressure so every night you know guys standings are changing and
we're yeah we're what are we 37 games left or something like that i don't know but yeah we're
we're in playoff mode now it's time to start playing like like we need to and like we're
going to in the playoffs when we make it so no nights off we you know these teams that teams
that we're supposed supposed to not be good
or, you know, not be in a playoff spot
or, you know, look at Seattle, look at LA.
These guys, they're going.
So there's no nights off, absolutely.
Seattle's such a surprising team.
Like, I just watched them.
They dummied the Bruins for their first regulation loss at home
and playing against them.
What is it?
It just seems like they're kind of nonstop coming at you
like a fast team, right?
Yeah, I don't know, because we went into their barn and kind of pumped them six two and then they come
into ours and you know we have a good game and yeah i mean they're obviously just like i said
confidence they're getting some goaltending they're they're they're they're coming in waves
you know they've got good structure and they four check hard and yeah it's a it's a it's a good
recipe just hard work who's who's rocking the beats in the room yeah i was gonna ask who the dj was uh nursey's the dj the kind of music i listen to doesn't get
uh i was the dj in colorado it was a it was a seriously thankless job and i was into the
i was into the scene a little bit more back then so i was up to date on the you know the rap and
the techno but now i'm you're not catching me listening to these fucking young guys the
shit they listen to it's awful and you're more of a pearl jam i know you're a big lumineers guy in
which i was going to ask you about them playing in your backyard this summer because i think you're
you're you're friends with the lead singer yeah uh so he did a charity uh event in victoria and
it wasn't my backyard i wish that slice was amazing it was a friend's uh backyard
who let us use uh his place for the the event but yeah the Wes is a good friend of mine I met in
Denver and uh he was nice enough I called him and asked if he'd be open to playing a little charity
gig and uh said no problem and the dates worked out well so they came in and it was like 350 people
and I mean they just yeah I'll forever be grateful to them for for that they played that
event like they were at msg and it was just uh incredible so really fortunate to have uh got to
know him and uh he's a all-time big guy well back when you were playing it you were just dropping
levels and it was and it was sick and now they're like dude that ain't it anymore tyson i know well
i don't even try anymore. Don't get me wrong.
I had my day.
I was a big young thug guy, future.
I can bang a little bit still, but I don't know.
Just on a daily, if I get in my car, some of the stuff that I'm hearing is just absolutely insane.
I'm just getting old, I guess.
I don't know.
How many times have you seen pearl jam live uh i've seen pearl jam maybe four times and then i eddie solo i think five or maybe
four or something like that so uh i haven't haven't got to see them in a while since the
whole pandemic and then uh they were touring and dates didn't work out or anything but i'll get
i'll get back out there soon they're they incredible. They're incredible live. I just had one more, uh,
biz last playoffs gets his head shaved.
What were the guys in the room saying about that?
When what shaped his head in the, in the arena guys must've been laughing
their ass. That was bullshit. That should have been a goal.
The Coleman, uh, quote unquote kick. No, no, that should have been a goal.
Yeah. Uh, I mean, yeah, we were, we were pretty focused in the dressing room,
but we did, we did notice the cul-de-sacs. That was, uh, that was pretty good.
You guys are, you guys are donkeys. It's great.
But thanks so much. I know, uh, I know it's your day off and you know,
you're hanging with the fam. So we appreciate you hopping on those.
That was fun to, to kind of go through your entire, entire career.
And it's, it's, it's continuing to look great. You're having a sick year.
So I hope the boys get it going
and go on another little run. Yeah, we will.
We will. Well, I appreciate you guys having me. Always a pleasure.
Glad me and Grinelli could sort the
logistics out there. Thanks so
much. And last one, DJ Nurse.
What's his nickname? Oh, the doctor.
The Doc Nurse. All right.
There you have it. Oilers fans
will be pumped. Okay, guys.
All right. Big thanks have it. Oilers fans will be pumped. Okay, guys. All right.
Thanks.
Big thanks for Tyson Barry for joining us on the show yesterday.
It was his day off.
He was kind enough to give us an hour or so.
And what a funny bastard, too, huh, Biz?
Oh, yeah.
He was tame during the interview, too.
Yeah, it was good.
Kept it on the rails.
Hey, you got to think Canadian media, man.
These guys can't come say shit.
Yeah.
I dropped a couple of S bombs.
Talking to that old Edmonton,
all the loser,
Ryan Whitney,
dropping dimes on guys on your team.
Although the nicknames,
I was down with the nicknames.
Oh,
he's a big nickname guy,
like six layers deep.
Nickname stories are great too.
Cause when you explain them,
they sound like some of the stupidest things in the world.
But if you're a part of that,
that crew who makes it,
it's like,
it's hilarious.
Nuggles.
Yeah.
Harry knuckles.
Nuggles. Nuggles. Isn't that what new's hilarious. Nuggles? Yeah. Harry Nuggles. No, Nuggles.
Nuggles?
Isn't that what Nugles is?
Nuggles?
It's like how the boys call you Jesus Shuttlesworth, R.A.
You shoot it like Ray Allen.
Yeah.
All right, Biz.
Well, we got a couple transactions to get to from the last week.
Stevie Y placed another one of his acquisitions on Waverly Sunday.
Goalie Alex Nadelkovich.
He did clear.
He recently did a conditioning stint with AHL Grand Rapids.
So we'd like probably most likely see him again this year.
Stevie's getting cutthroat.
Everybody's on fucking waivers these days.
I think it was a case of, hey, if you want to take him, take him.
Give us a little bit more cap room.
Larkin doesn't sign that contract.
He's going to be on fucking waivers soon.
Yeah, he's a plan.
What's his face?
Ndankovic in a second year of a two-year, 6 million deal.
He's going to be UFA this summer.
He was good last year.
Yeah, real good.
And Magnus Helberg, he's taken over the number two role.
He's only making 750,000, too, so that probably factors in.
The Bruins extended forward Pavel Zaka with a four-year, 19 million deal.
Carries a 4.75 million cap hit.
He's got 25 points in 42 games before today,
which I think he had three or four points today.
He's bounced around the lineup.
Swiss Army Knife does whatever Monty asked him to.
He was third on the team in 5-on-5 scoring with 19 points heading into today,
and he's just the sixth Boston forward signed beyond the season
with Marshawn Hall, Coyle, DeBrusque, and Greer.
Zach, is this a number you thought he'd come in at a little high,
a little low?
I think this is a great number for the team.
And I mean, for him, you know, he makes what, what is it?
18 million, whatever it is.
Probably not ending up as the player, the devil's devils,
or the league's thought when he was picked so high, but still, what a career he's made in terms of being like Mr. Reliable.
Like you say, you could put him anywhere.
And he's made a difference with the Bruins this year.
I think they're a much better team with him as opposed to Eric Holla.
And because of that, you see him rewarded with the deal.
So he's just somebody that I think Montgomery throws out on the ice
and knows exactly what he's getting defensively.
And then when he's able to chip in offensively,
I didn't know he was third in the team scoring five on five.
That's just a solid player right there.
This is very interesting to hear because you guys watch him a lot more
closely than me.
I listened to Pasha and I believe he's an idiot.
I believe Grinnell also.
I wish he was here to defend himself.
I thought Holla was a first lineline NHL all-star. I think
they were critical of Zaka saying
he might have a flare-up where
four or five games he looks
incredible, and then he may disappear
for 10. Is that the case?
Or you think he's been Mr. Reliable?
He's not needed
as Devils fans needed
him or thought he would be in terms of
the offensive guy that's going to get 70, 80 points.
In Boston, I haven't noticed that
because they don't really need him to be this monster offensively.
So didn't they have him playing a lot with Posta and Krejci?
Yeah, he's been with them.
They play power play, really.
So he's just the puck hound guy.
He's good on the half wall.
He's good defensively, too. And good defensively. Okay, so not just the points thing is what he's just what he's the puck hound guy he's good on the half wall defensively to good in good
defensively okay so not it's not just the
points thing is what he's adding he's adding
a little bit everything so Pasha's a
moron with the analytics and the points
and he's a bit of a point whore so he doesn't think he's a
good player yeah Pasha's just all about
the cookies dude you know if a guy doesn't get two
goals Pasha's like oh he played like shit I'm
like uh we're talking about a defensive defenseman
Pasha okay well I'm glad you guys are happy
with the signing. I was getting bad intel on
Zaka. No, that's because you got him
Pasha and he could play center or
either way. And plus, you know, if Crecce's not back
next year, I don't want to say it. If Bergeron's
not back, then, you know, you got a pretty good number two
center. They could slide in there, get them, you know, at least a
consistent position. So either
way, nice signing over the
weekend. Kevin Weeks, our buddy reported that many and Matt Boldy were talking discussions for a
potential seven year deal.
And lo and behold,
the team tweeted out on Monday that Matt Boldy signed a seven year,
49 million deal.
It's got a modified,
no trade clause for the last two years.
He's got 68 points in 89 career games so far,
but,
uh,
when I think this is an example of biz,
I go to you of a guy we've seen enough
to say, all right, this kid's worth it.
Very talented.
Going to have a bargain in a few years.
Oh, yeah.
And he's a big piece of that team moving forward
and just offensively gifted.
Very fun player to watch.
And right around where all these other kids
are getting those fucking same deals.
So, like you said, not next year
because I think they were, didn't they mention it's only going to go up a million or a million and a half the year after
that i expect the cap to probably jump up four or five million and we're going to start seeing
climbs like that this is a fucking steal he's a fucking hell of a player with yeah he's a hell
of a player i think he can be a 30 40 goal guy for a long time his release how good he is
offensively not the fastest player in the world,
but doesn't really need to be the way he plays like slippery.
And his shot is just sick.
It's kind of one of those deals where like maybe not a fan of the wild.
Somebody says, wow, it's a lot of money,
but it's all about what you said in terms of like in three years,
which isn't even, or basically halfway through his deal,
7 million isn't what 7 million is now.
So you just got to remember, I would be willing to bet five years from now,
you're looking at, holy shit, Boldy only makes 7 million.
And very similar to Jack Hughes, I don't know if he'll ever be the point producer that he is.
But in terms of goal scoring, we look down the line, he's only 21 years old. 7 bucks for this guy in five years, I think, is going to be a hell of a deal for the wild.
Yeah. Happy for him. He's got a lot more money to throw around the golf course.
Now, Carolina sent promising goalie Peter Kachetkov down to HL Chicago because Freddie Anderson came off the IA.
He's not subject to waivers, so he was the obvious choice for Carolina to send down.
But the kid looks pretty promising. I would
be surprised if he spends a lot of time in Carolina.
Another guy they're going to get for cheap
because of draft and developing.
The way you can do it. That's the way you want to do it, Biz.
Torts. Torts is sort of
becoming a weekly segment as well, and I don't
think he was really in the wrong here. He
decided to get rid of the iPads on the bench.
He thought they were distracting to the players.
He says, we have a major problem understanding flows of games. That's the biggest reason for ban of the iPads on the bench. He thought they were distracting to the players. He says, we have a major problem understanding flows of games.
That's the biggest reason for banning the iPads.
Understanding the flow of game, momentum swings.
I think it's so important to learn that even as a young team.
So this isn't a grumpy old man thing, is it, Whit?
Like he's saying the players.
I want this one.
And they want to look right off to you, buddy.
Whit, I fucking agree with him 100.
But one of the issues is I believe Travis Konechny
is arguably their best player.
He likes having them and going over the shift.
So it's like, ah, shit.
But I agree with the fact that everybody's got their fucking head buried
all the time and there is a flow of the game.
You got to watch every shift.
You got to pay attention to what's going on out there.
Do it in between periods.
I think the fucking tablet
thing has brought it way too far.
And now I think another
thing he said is now you're also in your own
head about the mistake that you saw
and you're seeing it. So
instead of thinking about your next shift
and the momentum shift in the game,
you're concerning yourself with what
you're watching. So I am fully on board with torts on this one.
I don't agree with half of what he does.
I agree with this.
I see both sides.
I mean, he's kind of acting like they're playing
Fortnite on the bench.
Like, I mean, it's all about seeing what just happened.
And for me, I look at it like, oh my God,
like I had so much time there.
Next time I'll probably have similar type of time and space.
Also, I mean, going into today, I don't know when he banned him,
but going into the Bruins game today, I think they'd won seven of eight.
So it was like, I do know what he means though,
in terms of now when you watch the broadcast and they pan to the bench,
every guy is looking down at his last shift and with his line mates and going
over a certain play that maybe a winger thought that he was more open than he
was.
And you're the center is able to show him on the video that he wasn't.
So I think if you ask players who would be the main guys I'd want to talk to
is like,
yeah,
this has really helped me.
I know you mentioned connect me.
I see Marshawn on,
on it all the time.
There's definitely an argument for both sides.
I think just cause it's on it all the time. There's definitely an argument for both sides. I think just because it's Torts, it makes the news.
But if he's able to see guys not noticing things happening when they're not on the ice and only looking into their shifts
and possibly seeing a mistake they made again,
which can then mess with you mentally, I understand it.
But I think if you talk to most guys, they probably really enjoy using it.
And as a line and as a defensive pair,
you can really go over things that maybe you thought looked completely different in
real time. And you realize again, like, wow, I had way more time than I thought. So there's
definitely a positive negative to both. I would say the biggest thing is if you're looking down
on it, you're not able to, you know, yell to a guy he's got time or yell to a guy to skate with it.
And in a sense, like you can help a teammate on the ice so much from the bench.
And if your head's buried in the iPad,
that's going to change a little bit.
I just don't know if the positive of realizing what you did and,
and a mistake you made and how easy it is to correct it overweighs that
stick, stick, stick your hand on the iPad.
Fuck.
Maybe limit the screen time.
Like, like you only get to watch a certain amount of shifts
and then your ipad shuts off you gotta think of something or they're gonna be on there playing
fucking fruit ninja especially the philadelphia flyers what a game fruit ninja was jesus when i
used to slice six in a row i'd just come in my pants twitch obviously does not care what people
think he said quote uh i don't give a flying shit of how I'm perceived. I really don't. I just love
the quotes. We understand that
towards. So yeah, he's in the
right here. They are distracting the guys and get
them the fuck out of there. Guys played hockey for how long?
How can you say he's in the right and they're distracting
the guys already? You haven't even
talked to one player. What I
think is funny is you mentioned the win streak
they're on and the fact that all of a sudden
now he decides to do it.
You know, he's just got to be upset about something.
The NHL was around for a long time before tablets were.
I get they can be useful, but I don't I think, yeah,
he thinks they're causing a problem or guys are looking at him too much
and, you know, making it harder for them to forget about the last shift
because they're looking at the pad, getting reminded of it.
Yeah, I think I think it's not the best move for every team,
but in this situation, yeah.
Look how long the league did not have them.
And look at how good the league is now.
Look at how skilled it is now.
I'm with you.
Anti-technology.
Let's go anti-technology.
It's just funny hearing R.A., who's probably on his phone
nine hours a day, saying there's too much screen time
involved in the National Hockey League.
No, I went down five hours this week.
I got the thing.
I want to fucking get rid of that thing anyways.
Yeah, you were outside shooting.
That's going to be like every day of my life
on the internet now.
That was a good one.
I mean, it was actually like the Dr. Pepper kids.
You know when they do the halftime dr pepper throw for like
a scholarship and the one kid you feel so bad you're like oh my god it was like that was him
shooting hoops in the north end but you hit that game winning three yeah it's like this guy deserves
to be buried in debt the way he's throwing that fuck your college tuition you're getting shit from
dr pepper i'll see what happens to fix your arms, buddy. Where were we?
We were going to Friday night in Montreal.
The Canadians had a tribute to P.K. Subban before their fourth win over the Preds.
It was just a real nice thing.
They had a ceremony, I guess you'd call it.
Carey Price come out.
They did their little low high five thing.
He brought a young patient from one of the hospital up there that he supports.
And I get the impression the fans never wanted to see him leave. I mean, they loved hospital up there that he supports. And I get the impression, Biz, the fans never wanted to see him leave.
I mean, they loved him up there.
It was all the front office and, you know, locker room fucking diva bullshit.
Not calling him a diva, just all the click stuff that was going on.
But it was nice, I think, for him and the fans
to finally get that sense of closure they never got.
That's why the burger van was public enemy number one
for like a year or two there.
Because he got rid of
pk and he's beloved there and what he did for the community and just how he interacted with the fan
base he was like the face of the montreal canadians for a little while there so uh great to see the
return his outfit was spectacular the low five to end it with carrie price cherry on top keep the
change and i believe they ended up beating, who'd they beat?
It was a big win.
Didn't they have a big win?
Yeah, 4-3 over the Preds.
There you go.
Yeah, Preds are struggling.
We talked about them.
But just an overall great night.
And boys, I stick by what I said.
I think all the rest of you who disagree with me are going to be morons.
He will be in the Hockey Hall of Fame one day.
The best part was, well, no, the best part was how he had,
I think it was her her name mila he
had a girl on there and you know he he did so much off ice for sick kids for the hospital for so many
different people uh that was something that he was known for an amazing kind of legacy he has in
terms of like helping others away from the ice he talked about i wasn't a hockey player as a guy who
played hockey so he had her on there and the whole crowd chanted her name.
But then when he finished and Price came on the ice and they did their triple low five celebration,
that ironically enough, I think Terry and banned them from doing at one point when he was coaching the Canadians.
No more.
No more winning with triple high five, triple low five.
So they did that and the crowd loved that.
Price looked phenomenal in his cowboy hat.
And it was cool because the Canadians, they didn't.
They never really got to see him play what his last game would be in Montreal because he retired suddenly.
So they got to give him a proper send off.
And I don't know about the Hall of Fame.
We'll see if the number gets retired.
I doubt that, too.
But I think you're crazy, Biz.
That game had a hell of a scrap, too.
Wi-Fi and Genoa.
Did you guys catch that?
I saw the highlights of that one.
Pretty good scrap.
The Sabres are going to be having a night for Ryan Miller on January 19th.
So we will be sure to not talk about the Sabres after that week.
We don't want to see them go on another fucking slide after.
We've mushed them twice this year already.
Yeah, it's been a huge game this afternoon against Florida.
I think they're tied.
They were tied with 44 points, a matinee in Buffalo,
sitting ninth and 10th just outside the wild card,
and Florida beat them.
So that's a tough loss right there.
Yep.
Well, like I said, we'll keep our mouth shut next week.
We don't want to see them lose six in a row again.
Congrats to David Krejci.
He played it in his 1,000th game, Monday versus Philly today.
Had three assists through the first two periods.
Not sure if he got any in the third.
Just the seventh Bruin to play 1,000 games.
A tremendous achievement.
And Jack said it's earned the airing.
I don't know if he had the game on,
but probably one of the most underrated players
of the last decade and a half, right?
No doubt.
I think part of it is, you know,
he was always playing behind an all-time great in Bergeron,
but they don't win in 2011 without him.
They don't go to the finals in 13 without him,
or was it 15, whatever it was, against the Blackhawks,
and they don't go to the finals against the Blues without him.
Just one of the classiest guys, too, off the ice,
super friendly, super humble,
and amazing to think at his age to go back
and play a year and check, which is, you know, not one of the top leagues in Europe.
I'd say Russia, Sweden, Finland is are all more competitive in a higher level than the Czech Czech league.
And and he comes back like he never missed a minute.
It probably ended up being a great thing for his body, for his mind to get home, be in front of his family and just to come back this season and be this good to get three points in your thousandth game. You know, he's an all-time
great Bruin. I mean, you look at the history of the Boston Bruins, top 10 players, he's probably
right there, I'd say. I think his playoff numbers are even more impressive than regular season too.
So every time in playoffs, he just rises to the occasion. So silky. Yeah. The little head fakes, the subtle, subtle like shoulder fakes.
I mean, he walked through our boy, Hayes.
He just put it under his triangle,
flying through the neutral zone that led to a goal today.
Just somebody that's so difficult to play against because you want to line
him up and be physical on him.
And he's always slithering out of it.
And playing at the level he is now i think he's 38
maybe 37 it's just a phenomenal career yeah i think he led uh playoff scoring the yeah they
won it 2011 thomas obviously got the mvp and i think he was in 2013 as well definitely a playoff
savant is what i'd call him because he's he's so good during the regular season and managed to be
better in the playoffs i also want to send send congratulations to Chris Bork. He had his number 17 retired by the Hershey Bears Saturday night.
Saturday night.
He played 604 games over nine seasons, won three Calder Cups there.
He's fifth in franchise points and the only Hershey Bear to lead the AHL
in scoring twice.
You know him pretty well, don't you, Whit?
I know Borky very well.
Close friend and so happy for him.
You know, I saw a bunch of pictures. His entire family was there, his brother, his father, everyone's there watching
him get honored the way he should be. And like looking at his career, you know, he played in the
NHL for a little bit, kind of like stuck in the middle of almost too good for the AHL and just
never was able to get in that top six role in the NHL and light it
up, lit it up over in Europe as well. Had just such an amazing career. And the thing that I
think about is it's so hard making it to the highest level. And then you add in that your
dad's one of the greatest players of all time. And this kid ends up having the career he did.
And a lot of it was a grind. I mean, he's moving over with his two kids,
his son and his daughter and his wife. They're in Europe for a lot of it. In the AHL, it's the bus
rides. It's the grind of dealing with that, that most guys are younger. Most guys are hungry to get
to the NHL where a lot of his time, he knew that's where he was going to be. But an amazing guy,
so fun to be around. I'm telling you, one of the funniest people I've ever met, just a great kid.
And to be able to have the career he did after your father is one of the legends of all time,
where you're probably hearing it here and there, like, oh, you're not as good as your dad,
little shit that never bothered him. And mind you, Keith Yandles told the story,
there was a time when he was younger. This is one of the top players in the world when he's 15,
16 years old. He was unbelievable. They went to the Nationals.
Taves was there. He outplayed him. Just a
super skilled player. Worked his
balls off. Hell of a run. I'm
so happy for him. I know he's scouting now,
I think, for the Maple Leafs. So congratulations,
Borky. It's pretty sick. Your number will be in.
Fuck, they got him and Matty Molson?
They're just taking everybody from
Hershey. I'm pretty sure he's with Toronto, but he...
It's cool because Hershey's one of the greatest organizations in the AHL.
The London Knights of the AHL.
Yeah, with the teams they've had and the history they've had
and his numbers hanging up there.
So really happy for him.
Well, they were one of the teams that would pay really good veterans
to have around the young guys to teach them.
And he was a power play specialist in the AHL.
He was excellent offensively. So skilled. Yeah.
You want these guys who are coming at a junior who aren't good enough to take
that next step to the NHL learning from a guy like this. And, and where,
he came up during a time where I don't think younger guys are not younger guys,
smaller guys were being given the opportunity that smaller players are in
today's game.
So just kind of as far as the timeline goes, but fucking the HL man, he used to take the punishment,
but yet still put up major, major points. And yeah, heck of a career for him, for sure.
Speaking of of nicknames after talking to Tyson Barry, I don't know if you guys have ever met somebody that somehow Chris Bork had the ability.
He'd give somebody a nickname and it would stick.
You know what I'm saying?
He's the first one to call me Witty.
I'm Witty because of Chris Bork.
All of a sudden, it was always Witt, Witter, and boom.
He hits me with a Witty and I've been Witty ever since to my buddies.
Every time he sees me, what's up, Witty?
So I love the kid. He's such a good person and I'm really happy for him. It looked like a special night.
The nickname pod.
The nickname pod. If I lived
in Hershey, Pennsylvania, I'd weigh about
325 pounds because I'm a
sucker for all that fucking chocolate, man.
Yeah, but your basketball camp would be crushing it there.
Let's see.
Joe Sackick was appointed to the
Hockey Hall of Fame.
Your basketball camp.
Dana Barrows, the RA camp.
Oh, let's make a fucking trailer video for your basketball school.
Let's make a t-shirt.
RA hoop camp.
We got to tell G.
RA's basketball camp.
Just the ball just completely missing the rim and the backboard.
It'd be one of those Nerf hoops in the living room,
like four feet off the ground.
I could Jordan dunk on.
Let's see.
Zachary, Joe Zachary appoints to the Hockey Hall of Fame selection committee,
replacing Bobby Clark, who retired from the committee.
The Harlem Crack Trotters.
I can't think of that one came to my brain
basketball diaries
I had to let it out
that might have been the funniest fucking quote
some of it was
looks like Leo DiCaprio when he was trying to play basketball
in the basketball diaries
he was all on heroin
he was fucking shooting balls all over the place
I was fucking crying at that.
Oh, shit.
Let's see.
Dallas head coach Pete DeBoer.
He's going to coach the central team at All-Star Weekend.
This was an interesting tweet from Tim Burke, who goes by at Bubba Prog on Twitter.
He tweets out a bunch of TV highlights and stuff.
He's real good at it.
He says, a man here's ESPN is considering animated live NHL game broadcasts on Disney Channel tied into one or more of the cartoons on that network and the style of the NFL broadcasts on Nickelodeon.
Remember, they started airing a couple of years ago. They like slime the end zone on touchdowns.
Exactly. Exactly. So, I mean, obviously, it's for kids. You want to get younger kids in the game. I
think it's a brilliant idea. I mean, it's not taking away from the, the,
the original airing that just adding it to it.
And it could be pretty funny.
What do you,
what do you guys think?
Biz?
I love it.
I absolutely love it.
And,
and in any way to get kids into the game,
like I'm down with,
I'm not going to dog any ideas in terms of trying to get the game
younger and the viewership at a younger age,
because like my son definitely likes sitting and watching games with me,
but I know for a fact he would be even more into it.
If it was Disney characters and little things that maybe a kid who never
would watch a game ever and never get into hockey,
maybe for some way,
somehow he falls in love with these once a month or one,
twice a month broadcast with Disney to make hockey fun. And then up wanting to play and then someday plays in the NHL.
It's like it's a pipe dream thinking about it, but there's no way I'm going to sit there and dog any idea when it involves getting younger kids into the game.
Because you think Mickey's going to be snapping it tape to tape enough to get Ryder on the hockey wagon?
Imagine if they make Mickey just a first pass NHL defenseman.
I got the same ears as him.
Just Chris Pronger is fucking hacking guys in front of the net.
Donald, the doc is just snapping a Sherwood over someone's neck.
You're like, I'm okay with all right.
No harm, no foul.
Like what's said.
And if it gets more people involved, get them in the mix.
But did they have analytics on the the nickelodeon experience did
more people watch those games who weren't football fans he didn't share it was just one tweet he
didn't like there wasn't like a story or whatever but you know i'm assuming those fucking shows did
numbers i mean people are watching them i think a lot of adults are watching too just for the
curiosity factor but i'd love to see it too plus when you look at how many characters disney owns
now i mean they own fucking every IP out there.
So there's so many different characters from different movies and shows
that they could use that could make it pretty interesting.
So I'll see what happens.
Keep you updated.
Let's see.
Chris Crema, he runs the at sport logos net account,
reported that the flying skate logo has been spotted at the NHL's
international shop, indicating the Vancouver Canucks are going to bring it back.
That's the one from the late 70s, early 80s,
the one that Pavel Burey wore, you know, the flying skate, the black,
orange, red.
Pretty, pretty cool logo.
What do you think, Wed?
You like that one?
The jersey that they went to the finals against the Rangers in?
Yes, 94.
Yep.
Oh, bring that thing back immediately.
I love that.
I love that jersey.
The colors are different.
Nobody else has anything like it.
Maybe that'd be the first switch if I was in charge of Vancouver.
Bring those jerseys back.
Get rid of the whatever it is.
Blue, green color scheme.
They're rocking.
Johnny connect, whatever.
Yeah, I'm not crazy about those ones either.
Also, your boys are getting a new uniform or a new jersey as well.
Let's see.
Aesthetics.
They're another account that's on top of these uniform and jersey.
Did they leak it already?
Yeah, it's been out there.
It's Arizona on the front there, the desert colors.
But what I noticed is the moon here.
I think it says the moon is actually the sea for captain, if I'm not mistaken.
There's like a quarter moon where the sea for a captain would go.
I think that's going to serve as the sea for the captain whenever they use
these jerseys.
He'll be the only one with the quarter moon.
A fashion designer,
Ruigi designed them.
So fuck,
they're not supposed to come out till tomorrow.
This airs Tuesday.
It's Monday right now when we're recording,
but they're not supposed to air till Wednesday.
So the fact that you told me that these things got broke, I mean, I guess they wasted a good surprise on me, I guess.
Yeah, check them out.
They're pretty good.
I like that they're doing this mixing.
Did you see them with?
No, I haven't.
I didn't even know about this.
Yeah, one of the late links in the outline.
There's a funny clip going around.
The Kelowna Rockets visited a elementary school, and they were talking about books or whatever,
and I guess they were asking the players what books do like.
And this kid, Jackson D'Souza,
I don't know if the mic was live through the whole arena,
but the clip they sent, he's like,
I don't read, but I can't say that.
And he's like, my favorite book's Harry Potter.
And they're like, yay!
That's fucking hilarious.
Like, I can't say that I can't read.
They got him there to do like a read workshop with all these kids.
So I don't know if the audio of the whole kids here but he just threw harry potter out i guess when in doubt go harry potter huh how the fuck did this make the outline
i said it before if you want to do it so he says to the kids i can't say this i don't read
well he he like whispered he's like i don't read but i can't say that so i don't know if the kids
heard him whisper and then he's like my favorite books Harry Potter and like a loud voice and they
and they chat after but it is funny if they hear him say I don't read I can't say that right into
a microphone so everybody can hear them say it I went did a reading um read to you know whatever
second third graders in Pittsburgh and one of the kids to me, I don't remember if it was like during the reading or after he's like,
why do you have a butt near chin?
I was like,
oh,
fuck.
I don't know.
I was born this way.
You little puke.
Get out of my face.
Oh God.
I used to dread public reading.
Yeah.
Cause you can't read.
Oh,
I used to struggle big time,
French or English.
So biz,
what,
what do we got this week on tap at TNT Games?
You got a doubleheader this week?
I'm off.
Myself and Wit are heading to Florida.
We're going to be filming a couple Pink Whitney commercials.
We cannot divulge any more information.
Oh, guys, Biz wrote the script, though, and it is funny.
Well, I had a hand in helping write the script.
Oh, I know, I know, I know.
Oh, okay, yeah.
Well, I appreciate the time. I think these are going to be good. I wrote the whole thing. I can't read, I know. I know. I know. Oh, OK. Yeah. Well, I appreciate that.
I think these are going to write the whole thing.
I can't read it, but I wrote it.
Fuck me.
What happened?
Seattle just made it to one nine minutes left.
Looking great to nothing.
Great.
Here comes game 17 of 10 plus players.
Done after I pump your tires.
You're going to do me dirty like that.
Hairline.
God fucks me over.
Jesus Christ. always a sweat but uh what can you say what part of florida you're going to the gulf i do i do i do believe the
first game though is boston versus the islanders so it'll be a good game on deck and yandel is uh
is stepping in for this week so if you want to check out yans he'll be talking about his hometown
teen the bath the boons and what were you just saying ra after that one last note that we can in for this week. So if you want to check out Yans, he'll be talking about his hometown team, the Bath of Bullens.
And what were you just saying, R.A., after
that? One last note that we can wrap. I just
want to give a shout out to the
late great guitar guy, Jeff Beck. He died
last week at 78. Probably
one of the best guitarists ever, rock guitarist
ever. You might not have heard of him. He was in some bands
back in the day. He was in the Yardbirds. He played with
Rod Stewart, Ronnie Wood. He was like
the guitar player, his guitar player. Every professional
rock guitarist out there looked up to the guy,
loved the guy. I just want to
make his name known for people who didn't.
If they did, they'll probably appreciate it. Jeff
Beck, dead at 78. Tremendous
guitarist. How come, being that good, how come he wasn't
ever in a more successful band?
I think he just
kind of did the Hyatt Gunn thing, the solo
thing. He had solo albums
But he came up with Jimmy Page
And Led Zeppelin
He played with the Yardbirds
Which was a band with Eric Clapton
I think Ginger Baker
A bunch of awesome rock stars, rock bands
Then he played with Rod Stewart and Ronnie Wood
Before Rod Stewart and Ronnie Wood
Formed Faces
So he was with and around all these super guitarists
He just didn't have like a main band he was with all the time.
But he's very well known.
But he didn't have maybe one or two albums in particular that you'd be familiar with.
But anybody around rock and roll guitar knows Jeff Beck.
And a huge loss for the rock community.
But a beloved guy.
Everybody loved the guy.
He had terrific things to say about him.
So just wanted to give him a shout out now that he's no longer
with us anymore. Jeff Beck,
you guys got any final potting thoughts on this
episode or what? No, Biz. Looking forward to
seeing you. We'll be in Del Rey, I believe,
and commercials should turn out pretty
good. We got a lot of stuff on store.
We got the week after
that. We're right packed down to Florida
or no, two weeks after that because I'm going
skiing end of January. Can't wait to shred those slopes up again. Where are you going skiing at? I think we're right back down to Florida or no, two weeks after that because I'm going skiing end of January. Can't wait
to shred those slopes up again. Where are you going skiing
at? I think we're going to
Okemo again, which is a mountain we've been to
with my brother and sister-in-law a couple
of times. Good spot. We kind of know the layout.
They have a, they got a great
little like daycare place for
Wyatt for like seven, eight hours so we could
ski and then Ryder will do the ski school. We'll
take them out in the afternoon.
And then the week after that, we're going to be down at the all-star game.
Got some special stuff planned for that.
And then the week after that,
all of us will be out in Scottsdale for barstool Superbowl coverage.
We're going to be doing a mini golf competition there.
We're going to be doing a trivia live trivia.
And we get to see business,
business pad and AZ and spend some time.
So crazy busy.
I think I'm home only three days a week for the next five weeks,
just traveling a ton.
But I'm looking forward to it.
And like we mentioned before, this playoff race is going to be electric.
And then once we get to that tourney time, it's going to be something else.
So show keeps buzzing along.
Let us know anything you want us to cover.
We won't listen to you, but we appreciate the feedback and I love all you guys.
That's a wrap.
