Hey, Spittin' Chicklets listeners, you can find every episode on Apple Podcasts,
Spotify, or YouTube. Prime members can listen ad-free on Amazon Music.
Hello, everybody.
Welcome to episode 428 of Spittin' Chicklets, presented by Pink Whitney,
from our friends at New Amsterdam Vodka here in the Barstool Sports Podcast family.
What's going on, everybody?
We had a hell of a Super Bowl we'll get to later.
Huge trade.
That market's starting to heat up.
And we had a multi-Dallas fan with a steel chin.
We'll get to all this stuff later.
Let's talk to the boys first about a weekend out in Arizona.
Mikey Grinelli, producer, what's going on?
You mean the month out in Arizona?
Yeah.
Very mean Scottsdale, Arizona.
I'll just leave it there.
What a week.
My voice box sounds like fucking Lisa Ann's, or looks and sounds like Lisa Ann's leather cheerio right now.
Just sounds like I hacked a thousand packs of cigarettes.
What about you, Whit?
How's your Vegas voice treating you?
I sound wonderful, boys.
It's great to talk to you guys.
How are you guys doing?
You hear these vocal voices through my throat.
Sounded bad.
But still, I feel horrible.
I'm actually sick as a dog,
but I'm here and I'm sounding better
than all three of you combined.
So you feel like I sound I feel like you sound
And I basically just
I can't travel for chiclets
Like for another three months
I don't want to see you in person
For the longest time
Any of you
This is fine over Zoom
I'm done being around you guys
Between Winter Classic leading up to now
i'm like okay i got enough of the boy time on the road don't fucking i won't see you or hear from
you other than coming on to this podcast for probably another six weeks although we got to do
the the um stadium series jesus christ three. No, but you know what though?
There's light at the end of the tunnel
and it's been an unbelievable rip
and we've had so many fun times and great stories,
including some that we should get to now.
It was an amazing week coming off of All-Star.
We went right into Super Bowl week
and we had a crazy day that Wednesday.
That mini golf that the Barstool crew put together,
the production team from Barstool has been hitting it out of the park they did the the dozen tournament uh the the
craziest thing about the mini putt was the fact that they were giving live updates on score all
throughout the broadcast so it looked like a full-blown PGA well we showed up we showed up
and I saw like the trucks like like the NFL trucks outside the stadium.
I'm like, what is this?
Like, that's the truck to live stream this bitch on YouTube.
So I was blown away.
I mean, to actually go from where they really years ago couldn't even release a video correctly to now live streaming us playing mini golf.
16 different people then cut down to eight in which you and I made the cut.
It's pretty impressive by you,
a wonderful comeback for you to get inside that top eight for the final round.
Just an overall amazing day.
We had something else in the morning that we can't release yet
that's pretty exciting,
involving a bunch of different people at Barstool.
And then we went straight over to a Pink Whitney bottle signing,
which then was called a big deal brewing party.
So you want to talk about your first day. I landed Tuesday night around 915 and Merle's and
Migs were just having a beer watching that lunatic loser LeBron break his record. So I went over to
catch that, but I didn't know what we had in store for Wednesday. Wednesday was a 7 a.m. wake up,
followed by basically an 11 p.m. done at work.
So a long grind to begin that trip, I'll say. Would you feel like you're repeating yourself
over and over as to me asking you about the LeBron situation? Now, I didn't catch it in real
time. Are you just saying based on how big of a spectacle it was made into? Yeah, just like the
fact they lost the game, like the playoff hunt,
and they're down five points with 10 seconds to go
in the third quarter or whatever,
and boom, the game stops.
An amazing record.
I mean, we don't need to go into the record right now,
but just what kind of spectacle was that?
Like, what happened?
And the best part was Anthony Davis,
who obviously, clearly hates LeBron's guts because he didn't even consider standing up when he broke the record.
So that's what you made from that video?
You think there's undeniably you're not blowing it up?
Okay, so you don't know.
LeBron, he lines up to shoot.
Everyone has their phones out except for Phil Knight, that dog from Nike who created the entire thing.
Amazing book, by the way.
Shoe Dog, I think it's called.
They got a movie coming out with Matt Damon and Ben Affleck, too.
I saw that trailer.
It looks real good.
But he's the only one without his phone out.
But Anthony Davis is sitting down on the bench as he's shooting.
And you think that's no big deal.
He's going to stand up with the rest of what felt like the world as he hit that shot.
Nope.
It's a shot Anthony Davis doesn't even consider standing up.
So you know how he feels about LeBron.
Well, Ari, I mean, you would be able to speak to it further.
You've probably been around for a lot of monumental moments
and seeing crazy records be broken.
Do you think that that was a little bit much,
given the circumstance of breaking the scoring record in the NBA?
I actually don't.
I mean, I know LeBron's, you know,
people love him or people hate him,
but that's a huge record.
It's been standing for, I think, close to 40 years.
Kareem, like, set it back in 84.
That's a huge record, man.
Kareem Abdul-Jabbar, one of the greats of the game.
I mean, he's got more points than Jordan.
I thought it was appropriate.
And Antonio Davis, he did say it was about the game.
He basically said, we're losing the game. And, you know, he felt it was too celebratory or whatever.
I mean, you can read into that how you will, but I don't know.
It did seem like you can't even stand up.
You can't even get off your ass for two seconds.
So I don't know whether his excuse is valid, but as for LeBron, man, yeah, that was huge, man.
It's a titanic record.
I mean, the most points ever in NBA history, and he's, what, 38, 39 years old or whatever he is.
I thought it was apropos for the moment.
I fucking love that opinion. nine years old or whatever he is i thought it was apropos for the moment um i love it i fucking
love that opinion don't don't sleep on the fact that lebron went to the super bowl and is not
playing tonight he's got an injured ankle so you know it's just classic lebron cares about one
person and one person only and that's lebron james r.a you are high stepping out of the gate right
now i'm not saying you're wrong with it, and I love your fucking strong take.
I just thought what you brought, R.A., was like, yeah,
it's a pretty monumental record.
I do find it weird that Davis didn't even try to be like,
oh, no, maybe my ankle was bugging me.
He straight up said that he thought it was too celebratory
given that they were down five points and they were losing.
Man, that does sound like
a teammate that's maybe been exhausted of it for the maybe the whole season the LeBron so so so
both can be true so so I wasn't really uh I don't think I was all there for the come up of Jordan
he obviously conducted himself a completely different way during the time in the moment
that he was setting all this stuff oh absolutely I mean jordan he was a mercenary basically i mean he was
almost the opposite of lebron on that he didn't give a fuck what people said or thought whereas
lebron kind of seems like he puts his thumb up to the wind a little bit and tries to play both
sides but yeah jordan gave no fucks and i don't think he gives any fucks today either as well
yeah no i mean i can gather that today but that's i mean but i'm sure lebron would
say he read shoe dog by the way and then be able to tell you about what the first page give you
the cole's notes you give you the what do they call that we call them cole's notes in canada
okay i've been given a hard time for saying that but just a crazy like 10 day seven day sports
debacle of course the super bowl wow which I don't think we could even get to yet
unless there's other things you guys want to talk about
that we're leading in, like the dozen match.
Before we go any further,
I got to talk about our presenting sponsor, Pink Whitney.
You've heard me on these airwaves before
mention how much they mean to us.
We are so thankful to Pink Whitney,
not only because they made this amazing drink,
but also because it is just such a pleasure to be able to
celebrate a golf round or finish a hockey game or be out with your buddies and just enjoy
nips of Pink Whitney, whether it's in the glass and you're pouring in with some soda water,
whether you're crushing it straight up or you're mixing it with anything. It doesn't really matter,
but we're going to be in Carolina. We're going to be drinking Pink Whitney down there at Teets before the big game at NC State.
We were in Scottsdale.
The Pink Whitney was flowing on the golf course.
We were in Florida.
It was flowing at Bo's Pub.
It's one of those things, any weather, any situation, any group of people, Pink Whitney.
If you love the people you're with, you drink Pink Whitney.
You celebrate it together.
If you hate the people you're with, you drink Pink Whitney to get through it.
It's a win-win no matter what. And thanks to New Amsterdam,
without them, it would
never be a reality. So get your Pink
Whitney anywhere you can
and drink it and enjoy life just like
we do. New Amsterdam Vodka's
Pink Whitney. Thank you.
I basically just want to thank the staff over at Total
Wine. Oh, Christ,
I can't remember where we were. What a store.
Dude, that store is incredible, man.
If you like alcohol, that store is mint.
And the staff there was awesome.
The executives they brought in, of course, the fans who came out to see us.
As always, we can't thank you enough.
It was a tremendous turnout.
We thank you for that.
We met the CEO of Total Wine.
You got to mention the fact that our fans are rabid.
All you guys and girls listening, you guys are out of your mind.
You're nuts.
You're lunatics.
That's why I love you all.
We apparently had what was told to me five times the amount of people as the chain smokers the next day who had a signing there.
So, I mean, when you speak of spitting chiclets in the chain smokers, some may say not exactly the same level.
Maybe at some point the chain smokers will reach up to what we have.
But I couldn't believe that the turnout in Scottsdale, a lot of biz nasty super fans and just a lot of overall chiclet diehards who came out and waited, I don't know, two hours in line to get to hang out, meet us, take some pictures, and sign some bottles of Pink Whitney.
So total line.
I was talking to the CEO.
I think the first store was in Delaware.
They're up to 264 now.
Just an amazing place where I think you could get any alcohol that's ever been created on earth.
I hope I'm not throwing anybody under the bus here.
But we got to meet the CEO and talk with a lot of the staff.
They were in town for the whole weekend.
meet the CEO and talk with a lot of the staff. They were in town for the whole weekend. But the story is, is I think that they originally had a couple of businesses inside, inside the
Pennsylvania state lines and the way that Pennsylvania runs their alcohol system. I
think it's distributed by the state. So they ended up getting hosed based off a few rules,
which I guess went to court and they ended up being found not guilty of. So they were basically
being accused of rules they were breaking in which they weren't. So they just decided, you know,
because of the strictness of Pennsylvania, they would move their business to Delaware. And from
there, it is just completely expanded. I want to say as of right now, 244 locations nationwide,
and there's two more opening in like the next month they're opening up a few
more in the boston area i don't know why you're laughing while i'm saying all this i just said
there's 264 which i believe is the number you it's 264 is mush brain you weren't listening
and you went to 244 so not only did you not listen to your co-host witty you actually dumbed down
their number by 20 stores in total disrespect of total wine.
So take a sip of that goddamn tea and wake up because the show started.
You know what that means, Witty?
God, I thought he said 2.44 and then it was going to 2.46.
My apologies, CEO.
Now I've lost a friendship.
God damn it.
I've lost a business partner and a friend and a CEO.
Fuck.
I think you're right. On the company website,
it says today we operate
246 super stores across
27 states.
Hey, witty dog.
How about this?
Take a lap.
How about I take a lap?
Take a lap. Down and back.
How about I sit on my... Oh, shit. Down and back. Hold on. You can hear me. Down and back.
Hey.
Oh, shit. The water's going to come through this wall, too.
Please.
Hey.
While you're up, grab a sniffer, buddy, because the podcast has started.
Oh, fuck.
I deserve all this.
By the way, R.A., you said 44 and 44 last week, not 46 and 44.
Mea culpa.
Thank you.
I love this little place to blame.
Thank you to Total Wine. Thank you to
Pink Whitney. It was an
unbelievable week leading up to the Super Bowl.
You mentioned the Big Deal Brewing Party
at the Barstool Sports Bar.
That place took care of us all
weekend long. It was awesome set up.
Thank you to all the Big Deal Brew supporters
who came out. A lot of Canadians in there
were able to muck around, hand out some beer.
It was a bit of a gong show, much like everything else.
And the reason why, once again, my voice sounds like Lisa Ann's leather cheerio, but a blast.
Now, R.A., I don't know what more you got into on the weekend.
I ended up going to the tournament itself on Saturday and just hitting the throttle down
and kind of ending the existence to what was that 10-day stretch.
I kind of shot my wad the first night there.
I may have lost contact with the mothership toward the end of the night a little bit, but that was it, man.
I actually was not by plan or design.
I had some early nights, man.
I don't know if I was hitting the wall.
I'm going to hold the fuck after Fort Lauderdale the week before. But I really didn't get too nutso after that first night.
And I will say the debate over how many stores Total Wine has,
that could be a question on the next dozen trivia,
given how some of those questions were.
I don't know who out there watched it.
I was very disappointed that I did not get that one question.
But, dude, you had it.
You can't really blame yourself.
You knew it, but you didn't know it.
I was losing sleep, guys.
So the question was, the question we lost to Dave Portnoy, that loser, that little midget.
And what happened was we were pretty close.
I think we were tied at the time and the television category came up.
And the question was, HBO series created in whatever, 2016 by M. Night Shyamalan.
What's the name?
Now, the name is The Night Of.
R.A. is our TV guy, so we kind of go to him.
But I should have known that too, R.A., because I watched the show,
and R.A. couldn't have it.
And he said, end of night?
Like, you had the night.
And then, boom, they got it quick.
And then they were able to use their lifeline with Fran from Barstool
who helped them get Pam and Tommy for their question on the Hulu series that was created about Pamela Anderson and Tommy Lee.
So that was kind of the end of us.
That's all we had, and boom, we had to lose in that first round,
didn't get to the finals.
Yeah, tough loss.
Eddie was on fire.
Hey, and when we do those Barstool things,
I think we're outnumbered as far as barstool fans, the Chicklets fans.
So Eddie was getting his name screamed there.
I felt like I was playing a road game.
I was intimidated.
I was getting booed when I came out.
I heard the boo birds.
I was like flashbacks to Edmonton.
You're playing against Portnoy.
You're playing against Portnoy.
And I think everybody knows.
I know you guys are buddies, but there's a little bit of natural hatred there.
And we might as well talk about that too.
And the fact that we did a fucking sandbagger with Dave Portnoy and Josh Richards.
And it's probably being labeled the number one worst day of Dave Portnoy's life, which that's a win in itself right there.
At one point he came up to me quietly.
Like if there was no cameras and no microphones doing the same thing, he goes, this is the worst fucking day of my life.
And somebody should put a bullet in business golf for bringing me to this goddamn golf course.
I said to him, that's all I needed to hear.
That's music to my ears, you little motherfucker.
Because that's all I wanted was to ruin your day.
I cannot describe this sandbagger.
There was a clip that was put on Twitter
Of me and him arguing over
The most ridiculous drop in the history of golf
I felt like I played a 5-5 in the coast
Traveling five hours to each game
Five nights in a row
When that match ended
The course was impossible
One of the hardest
We met the owner, Wayne McBean, right when we got there.
He said, hey, this is the hardest course in Arizona.
I'm like, yeah, all right, bud.
This course was a fucking bowling alley.
It was a saw movie.
Not to mention, in perfect weather, it would have been hard.
With 35 mile an hour winds the entire time,
it was a torture chamber.
I can't thank him enough for getting us on the course.
We had nothing going with that week and the waste management and the Super Bowl.
There's no golf available.
So we were able to get this done.
But I've never been more mentally exhausted from the arguing, from the wind, from my putting, from it all.
It was a complete gong show.
And what I think will turn out to be a really good video.
I don't know how.
Thank you to Pasha, Sean, and the rest of the crew that gets things done.
But that was a joke.
I said at dinner that night, the only way to describe it is I felt that I'd been to war.
Jesus Christ.
No, I can't even describe this to you.
I'm not kidding.
And I know people might get upset by me over-exaggerating about this.
I felt like I stormed the beaches at Normandy after that round of golf.
You know the opening scene of Private Ryan?
People were screaming.
But a double dickie, two of those.
Like, they're back just like wit after taking that L on the 244.
Loser lap.
Loser.
I was doing,
oh my God,
it was,
it was just an impossible golf course.
I didn't enjoy myself either,
but Hey,
still a lot of entertainment.
We got to meet Josh Richards,
our Ray last year,
he was announced as an ambassador to the NHL monster on social media.
He's originally from Canada.
God, am I drawing a blank on where he's from he's from Coburg Ontario the Coburg Cougars they got a junior team there this kid became
famous on TikTok and blew up on social media and for he's 20 just turned 21 for a 21 year old one
of the most highly intellectual people I've ever met based on age.
Just an absolute G.
Yeah, and I was impressed after.
I was asking him all about kind of his life story, how this all came about.
He was explaining it all to me and Merle's.
And I'll say, like, I put a picture of him and myself on my Instagram and had a lot of comments.
Oh, is that kid a piece of shit?
Oh, what a little pussy he looks like.
I'm like, dude, you got this kid all wrong.
And I'm assuming some of his dances in the past
and maybe currently on TikTok,
people just think they may know what he's like.
He's an awesome kid.
Really mature, good person.
Yeah, I took a peek at his Instagram DMs.
I'm going to be starting to do those fucking dances
all over our Twitter page, our Instagram page.
I don't give a fuck.
You should have seen the check marks hitting this dude up.
People talking shit.
They're all a bunch of people who would never ever say a fucking
word to his face. That's, you know. Let's put it this way.
The people chirping are paying to beat
the wheels off their cock on OnlyFans
and the girls that he's bringing out on dates.
Boom. Those same girls. Got that.
That's how shit's going down, R.A.
But R.A. Oh yeah. I want to know more of like, listen, don't be too hard on yourself boom those same girls got that that's how shit's going down all right but all right oh yeah i want
to know more like listen don't be too hard on yourself about the dozen thing dude you bring
it every time if it wasn't for you and wit we wouldn't even be in the mix i also missed the
face mashup question uh how else was your your your night and then i guess the rest of your
weekend whoa i know uh our listeners are probably sick of airline industry horror stories, but I'm the latest victim. Okay, I had a red eye Saturday night. I was supposed to get in Sunday morning, taking off 1150 local time. I was on the plane. The Empire Strikes Back was on the TV. I was like, perfect. I'll fall asleep to this. Two hours later, I wake up. We haven't moved a foot. We're still on the time back. Two o'clock in the morning, Jeff Lowe was like, sorry, folks. Parks closed for two weeks for repair and cleaning.
Sorry.
I was like, no hotel voucher, no food voucher, no taxi, nothing.
They're like, see you tomorrow at 1 o'clock.
There was no 1 o'clock flight.
1 p.m.?
That's what another passenger told me because I had to, I'll tell you that part of the story.
I had to go back and get some goods that would take a TSA by accident.
So fucking nothing.
Like, they give you nothing.
I'm like, I'm not going to call someone now and go to their house.
So I literally slept on a fucking chair at Phoenix Harbor International Airport.
Two o'clock, two thirty, I fell asleep.
I'll tell you, got a pretty good solid six or seven considering it was a major international
airport.
Hold on.
You mangle yourself before flights too.
So you were probably crippled.
I had a decent buzz, but I was definitely not mangled i mean i
probably would have zonked out for the flight i was i met a buddy of mine from salty who coincidentally
was in town for the day i had a great day with him at that bar was it called cheeseburgers and
cold beer what a great yeah that's what i went to tonight great you're gonna be carrying a big
deal brew pretty soon that's a fucking natural so i texted murals where are you he's like
cheeseburgers and cold beer i'm like all right get me one of each and then i'm like where are you he's like cheeseburgers and cold beer. I'm like, all right, get me one of each. And then I'm like, where are you?
He's like, cheeseburgers and cold beers.
I was like, who's on first?
I finally Googled it.
I'm like, oh, that's the name of the bar.
Yeah.
Yeah.
So, I mean, like it sucks.
Like G was saying a few weeks ago, they fuck you over and they do nothing about it.
I mean, like, you know, what about people who don't have the will or the means to just go anywhere?
I mean, I got a credit card.
I can pay if I want to go somewhere, cash or whatever.
But I was stuck there and there was no reason to leave. And I got up, I got a credit card. I could pay if I want to go somewhere cash or whatever, but I was stuck there and there was no reason
to leave. And I got up and I got put on a later
flight. I ended up hitting up our contact
at Barstool for a different flight.
And yeah, it was just pain in the ass, man.
I mean, I haven't slept in an airport since
probably, no offense, with
08 Stanley Cup when Pittsburgh
and Detroit, probably the last time I actually slept in an airport.
Suck on that wit. He brought
it up for that reason too.
Oh, and also,
I lost my fucking license
in the airport
during my travels
trying to get a fucking flight too.
All right, two questions I got.
Yeah.
Jet blue.
That's obviously to say
one that Grinelli flew on.
So this airline,
their move is
board the plane,
get them rolled out,
put them on the fucking,
what do you call that
when you leave?
The tarmac.
The tarmac.
And then just fugazi it, bring it back in.
The fish hook, as they call it.
And then number two is,
did you basically just say that the TSA agent took edibles from you?
Is that?
No, no.
So I was going through,
and I know you usually need about three or four of those trays
because some places you got to put sneakers in,
some places you got to put knees in.
Three or four?
Could you imagine?
It's like a clown car when he's pulling out of his fucking sweatpants pockets.
One for my luggage bag, the small Panthers bag I have.
One for my carry-on bag, sneakers, then your laptop and your MacBook.
Oh, I threw all that stuff in one.
But dude, it depends what airport.
Some of them are fucking, you know, they make you do it a different way.
There's no consistency. So I had him there and the guy was like, oh, it depends what airport. Some of them are fucking, you know, they make you do it a different way. There's no consistency.
So I had him there and the guy was like,
oh, you got four trays. I'm like,
yeah, well, I sometimes need them. And he put the
tray with my laptop and MacBook
I'm sorry, MacBook and fucking
tablet through the thing. So of course, that
sets off the buzz and the other guy in the other room is like, oh,
we got to put it back through. So
I grabbed my bag. I went to the airplane.
I get on. I looked at my bag to grab my tablet.
They're fucking both gone.
They took them out of my bag and like without notifying me.
So I'm sitting there like fucking on my laptop.
I think that happens every time you fly unless you usually they got to bring you over to that little table and you got to stand there and watch them.
Like this is an awkward 30 seconds where they're swiping your shit with that thing to then test for explosives.
You're like, no, my deodorant
stick doesn't have any napalm in it, buddy.
Give me my bag back. But you just
didn't even get brought over there?
No, they didn't tell me they were
taking out of the bag. They said, oh, we got to run it through again. That's what
he said. So I didn't realize they took it out. So
when I got on the plane, they were gone. But then, of
course, the flight was canceled. So I was able to get
my shit back before, you know, the shit really hit
the fan. But just an absolute clusterfuck.
And that's what JetBlue is.
I've been using them since day one.
I know that, you know, they've kind of, like, gotten a little worse over the years, adding seats, taking seats out.
But that was my first, like, truly shitty experience I had with them.
I know everybody's got their favorite airlines, whatever.
Wow.
Either way, I got home.
JetBlue endorsement.
I'm fine.
I've had success with JetBlue too until recently.
Now, Ryder and I are flying down Wednesday to Florida.
We're going down for 10 days as a family.
My wife's taking Wyatt Tuesday.
Talk about winning.
Two individual missions?
Talk about winning.
Talk about winning getting to take Ryder and not kooky, not head hooty, not Wyatt, the nastiest motherfucker alive when he's pissed off.
So I'm not
Going to say anything bad about JetBlue besides
The last time I landed in Boston at JetBlue
We landed at
10 I got to
The baggage right at 10 o'clock I got
To the baggage claim at 10
25 so whatever we taxied got
Off the plane I got to the baggage claim
10 25 at Logan
Airport our bags came Out at 1140 p.m.,
an hour and 15 minutes sitting there waiting for your bags.
So I think JetBlue's got big-time employment issues right now,
but like I said, I'm flying them Wednesday, so I'm big fans.
Thanks for the reminder.
I got to go over and get my bag because it was checked on the original flight,
so it's probably sitting in a fucking office somewhere too.
And thank you, Chicklets fans.
How's this hockey podcast going?
This week's therapy session on travel.
Seriously.
We should move on to the thriller of a Super Bowl.
Casey wins 38-35.
I know there was a lot of talk about that holding penalty at the end of the game.
Bullshit call.
James Bradbury, he said, it was a holding.
I tugged his jersey.
I was hoping they would let it slide.
I know Whit had a pretty big tweet about that.
Overall, though, I mean, that was one of
the best Super Bowls ever. What a game.
Top five, Whit. What a
football game. I bet
the Chiefs solely
because everyone was
on the Eagles and everyone stinks at gambling.
And I was really... Big Cat,
our boy Big Cat, had an 8,000
preseason 22-1
bet to take home 219,000 on the Eagles winning it all.
So I was going to be really happy for him if the Eagles won.
All my buddies were on the Eagles, but I just said I can't sit around and bet who everyone else has bet.
We all stink at gambling.
So I went with the Chiefs.
I was just hoping for a good game.
I also had Travis Kelsey touchdown reception, minus 123.
That hit, I think, like, God, I wish I put more on that.
That guy's automatic.
But, man, the Eagles had it.
And then some sort of halftime adjustment made by Andy Reid and the Chiefs.
They scored on every single possession of the second half.
And Patrick Mahomes.
Well, first, let's say Jalen Hurts.
What a fucking  what an athlete.
What a competitor.
What a dog.
And if you remember, Jalen Hurts was the starting star quarterback at Alabama. He got pulled at halftime in the national title game where Tua Tugliavoglia, whatever you say his name, like ended up going in and beating Clemson. I think it was Clemson in a miraculous second half comeback.
Jalen Hurts then went back to Alabama, was the backup the entire year,
then transferred to Oklahoma, played there, was picked into the NFL.
So talk about a guy who's been through a lot of adversity.
That's just an amazing athlete. And I think that if you look as an Eagles fan, the fact you got this guy as your QB,
what a stud.
He was incredible.
I think no quarterback had ever had two rushing TDs in a Super Bowl.
He had three, along with getting that two-point conversion in a tough ass run to tie that ball game up um but just an amazing game
and my my my problem with the holding call and and everyone's writing to me yeah bradbury said
he held him okay that's awesome and you got to respect james bradbury for saying that and being
open and honest like yeah i held him i hope they him. I wish they'd let me get away with it.
That play happens all game long, 50 times a game.
And I understand if it's a holding penalty,
the fact that it's uncatchable doesn't matter.
I guess on some penalties, if it's an uncatchable ball,
it won't be a penalty because the guy couldn't have caught it.
So holding makes uncatchable not be a reason that it can't be a penalty. But it was uncatchable. That plays happen so often. The Chiefs still would have been able to
kick that field goal. We would have been able to have this incredible two minute or minute 30 drive
for the Eagles to try to tie the game up or maybe win it with a touchdown. It was more
disappointment in the fact that a ticky tack play, and I guess understandably it was a penalty, but
with how many different penalties they'd missed throughout the game, to call that,
to create a scenario where Kansas City can just run down the clock and kick the game-winning
field goal, it just robs the fans of what this amazing game had brought us to a conclusion of
possibly this unbelievable last chance for Hurts and Philly to tie the game up and then maybe overtime so just uh just kind of a bummer of an ending for for what was just an incredible football game I mean I
I just the whole time you were like wow I think Mahomes got hurt again he busted up that ankle
before the second half what's going to happen in the second half Eagles are up 10
Chiefs come out gangbusters just an awesome. I was going to piggyback your comments about that Jalen Hurts.
I watch his post-game interviews all the time.
Oh, my God, does he ever have a good head on his shoulders.
Always saying the most positive things.
He's very strong in his faith,
and I'm sure he leaned on it hard when he went through those difficult times
at not only getting taken out of the national championship game,
but having to transfer and reinvent yourself in a new system.
But, fuck, the couple years he's had as a pro already.
And, I mean, the one mistake he made when he fumbled the ball
and they went and scored a touchdown, they went and scored on the next drive.
So he's got that fucking
Yeah, I think he's mentally tough, dude.
Oh, he's got that dog in him for sure.
And, yes, I think that holding call ruined the game
where KC would have basically kicked the three points at that time
and then they would have, what, gotten about a minute and a half
to go back the other way and drive.
I think it would have been one, maybe two timeouts
with around a minute and a half.
Yeah.
So, yeah, I thought it was a Bushley call,
which was a shitty ending to an amazing game. But Patrick Mahomes, he's a shirt. It's kind of like, were they not comparing him and McDavid when they were comparing most dominant athletes to their sports? I guess after the performance he put on on one leg and winning the Super Bowl, I guess the PMT boys might be one in the win column there.
I know.
And let me say this.
You talk about Russian gas and all the experiences in the KHL.
Who the fuck knows what they put in his body at halftime?
Bud Kilmer came in.
No Billy Bob special.
Ripping down the statue of poor buddy boy.
But five years as a starter, five AFC title games, three Super Bowls, two regular season MVPs, two Super Bowl MVPs.
He's not even 30 years old.
So you're looking at a guy  I mean I don't know if he'll ever cement Brady as the greatest of all time.
Now if he were to go on and win five regular season MVPs and five Super Bowls even though Brady's got seven and maybe four Super Bowl MVPs,
it's certainly a discussion.
The amazing thing is they lost Tyreek Hill.
They got rid of this dynamic wide receiver,
and they go back to the Super Bowl, and they get it done.
So what an amazing athlete that guy is.
What's cool too is I think Hertz, and if I'm not mistaken,
Hertz and Mahomes are both
from Texas and they were like the 30th
and 50th highest rated QB
in their recruiting classes obviously playing
big high school football so it's like
all you kids out there you just keep grinding
dude don't let anyone fucking talk you down
make you think you can't do it
if you're undersized and there's parts of your game that
lack last thing on the Super Bowl sorry
Bez the NFL is unbelievable they're fucking goons they blew themselves for 20 hours leading up to
the super bowl about their homegrown field they grew a field for the last 11 months we grew this
field in greenland it's unbelievable we have all this special grass in there. It was the worst field I've ever seen a football game
played on. The kicker was
falling over on kickoffs.
Guys were changing cleats every
10 minutes, it felt like.
And the NFL had already circle-jerked
themselves prior to the game about their amazing
field and the sodfather guy
who's built 45 fields in the last
45 years. So just a classic
move by the NFL to just think they got it all figured out.
Well, you didn't hear what happened?
Only Tennessee guys playing on ice.
It was the grass they're supposed to put on the roofs.
They got them mixed up.
So that guy put the wrong grass.
And then they fucking painted it so it made it even worse.
It was the grass R.A. left at the TSA pre-check.
Then he gets stoned to the bejesus after the game.
Oh, my God.
We don't say this lightly in Boston, but Mahomes may very well surpass Brady.
I mean, I said that even before the game yesterday.
I've never seen a QB quite like this guy.
You think he'll ever surpass Rogers?
He already has.
Come on, motherfucker.
I've got to be better than that.
He'd be a Hall of Famer if he retired, right?
What?
What's that?
Mahomes would be in the Hall of Fame if he retired tomorrow, right?
I say the same thing about McDavid.
Sheer dominance on a period of time, same thing.
And win or lose, Philly fans make a mess of their city.
They were tipping cars over before the game started.
I mean, I'm all for being a big fan, but a lot of donkiness went on there.
I mean, they're out fucking in the streets after a loss, like chanting and shit.
Come on.
Clean it up, Philly.
You're better than that.
All right?
I don't know.
Fucking the Belt.
Oh, fucking Chiefs suck.
Dude, you lost.
You just lost the Super Bowl.
You're in the street fucking chanting about the team that beat you.
Let it out, R.A.
Tough look.
Tough look, Philly.
I love you guys, but it's a tough look.
All right.
I know people waiting for hockey are probably getting impatient.
We have an awesome guest.
No, they already left.
Yeah, I know.
We're down to about 16 listeners right now.
Good.
We have an awesome guest coming up.
No pressure, guys.
Complaints in life about airlines and Super Bowl breakdowns that has probably been repeated by 40 other people.
I'm glad you left and you weren't listening.
I don't know why I'm saying that.
It's 45 minutes of therapy to start our podcast from now on.
There you go.
Well, we do have Buffalo defenseman Rasmus Dahlin coming on in a little bit.
Awesome interview.
This kid come in.
I think it was probably the best interview of my time at the All-Star game.
Just very, what's the word I'm thinking?
Charismatic fellow, man.
He was happy to be there.
You could tell, and I think it comes through in the interview.
Just shitting on Rod the Bod.
Oh, shoot.
Shitting on his game plan.
He wasn't there for Rod the Bod.
He doesn't remember it.
That's a wicked Twitter comment.
You don't mention someone else, so that means you hate them.
What about Rod the Boy?
Swedes are just amazing people.
They're all class.
They're super friendly.
They're well-spoken.
They're charismatic.
And Rasmus Dahlin, he's got a bright future.
And with what he kind of led into us or told us about his drive to be the best
you're only going to see bigger and better things from him
absolutely
well one big name is no longer on the trade-in block
after being dealt last Thursday to the Rangers
they got Vladimir Tarasenko
and defenseman Niko Mikola
from the Blues for Sammy
Blay, prospect
Hunter Skinner, a conditional first in
23 and a conditional fourth in 24.
St. Louis retained half of Tarasenko's 7.5 million salary.
He'll be a UFA this summer.
The defenseman, McCullough, he'll be UFA as well, making 1.9.
Boys, this is a huge pickup for the Rangers.
He scored, I think, his second shift for a shot on goal.
The question to you, Biz, are they still Fugazi
even after picking up a guy like Tarasenko? No.
Dude, they're not anymore. No.
In fact, they're the for realsies.
You're not. Not the Fugazis.
And they really haven't been
mid for quite a while.
Oh my God. Aren't they like 24
and 4 in their last 28 games?
Yeah, no. Since we've said they were mid.
They have just been fist-fucking
us right in the ass.
And I'll tell you what dolan should be getting chris drury a lifetime membership to the west western garden in new york city after that fucking trade that he pulled off i don't think that he's
personally made a bad move yet since he's been in charge of the new york rangers talk about a quick
fucking rebuild and to the point where I think that that's sneaky
might be the best pickup of the deadline.
And obviously Lou got everything rolling.
Tarasenko felt like he was unmotivated
at the point where he left St. Louis.
I feel like there was something-
For two years, Biz.
It's been a long time since his name
has been coming up in the trade blocks.
Everybody thought, based on what they felt,
the relationship between him and St. Louis,
and maybe even Berube after their cup run,
was that he was going to get picked up in the expansion draft.
Well, that, I think, surprised everybody, and he wasn't.
And then this lingered and lingered and lingered.
He dealt with injuries, one of which was shoulder surgery where he was out.
You know, you worry as a sniper, a guy who relies on his shot as part of his craft,
you know, will ever come back to being what it once was.
So I think that with him being healthy and him being completely rejuvenated
and going to another team where he's going to be welcomed by other star players
on the
team and guy other Russians in the locker room Panarin being the the biggest guy that is so
fucking big for him and then to him for him to score in that first game and get the the praise
and the love from the fans for a guy who has probably felt unappreciated I'm not saying who's
right or wrong here based on the relationship with St. Louis
and how it fizzled out.
I'm just talking from a personal player
who felt that he'd brought a lot to an organization,
helped win a Stanley Cup.
He felt underappreciated.
And you saw in the postgame
after he was given the Broadway hat
and the chance and everything,
it was like, oh no, man.
New York went and got the right guy,
and this is going to work out perfectly.
And on top of that, for Drury,
and the reason I say he deserves a lifetime pass at the West Garden
is because he goes out and also gets Mikula,
another big defenseman.
Their back end are monsters.
The Tampa method. What? The Tampa method. They're on their back end are monsters like go through them what the tampa method
they're on the back end nicola is six five uh obviously being from i believe he's from finland
he's a finnish kid they're always decent skaters and a guy maybe early in his career much like when
we had char on you know that's kind of the last thing to come in the coordination. He's a decent skater, long stick, and he's going to be a perfect bottom pair
guy for what potentially is going to be a long cup run. I, they got the goaltending. They got
an unbelievable offensive dynamic to the back end where Fox is kind of the A1 guy where, uh,
Keandre Miller doesn't really need to be, He could be that 1B defenseman providing offense.
And the other guys just kind of get your fucking job done.
And as far as what they got up front now,
it alleviates so much pressure from all the other superstars
and goal guys they have up front.
I mean, you got Panarin, of course.
You got Zibanejad, who's having an incredible year.
You had Kreider, who started off a little bit quiet,
but is now heating up.
You got so many star players you can rely on for offense
where sometimes deeper in these runs with this organization,
at least in the past when they had Lundqvist,
that was one thing that they lacked,
that second bolster of offense.
And you saw it fizzle out last year in the conference finals.
So I just, you know, against Tampa.
So overall, the trade is incredible for the New York Rangers.
They're not the Fugazi.
So great question, R.A.
Fuck, who knows?
After a few more weeks of seeing what I see see maybe i'll even hop on the bandwagon
you would yeah you would um yeah you think i'll say i there were maybe some worries about like
how much he's kind of been dogging it now he did break his hand this year and missed a little time
but it's almost one of those things where i think drury looks at it and says all right well it's all
about motivation.
He comes here.
Him and Panarin have played together for Russia before.
Apparently, actually, Tarasenko, I don't know where I was reading or heard this,
had wanted the Blues to sign Panarin when he came over in Chicago to get him,
and they said he was too small.
So I think a lot of teams might have thought that.
He's been amazing.
And then just to see Panarin get four goals the other night,
like how comfortable he is.
The Zibanejad, Panarin, Tarasenko
line can match up with any other first
line in the league. Defensively,
who knows, but the way they score, it's
not a big worry.
The other thing about the Rangers
is they're
going to play the Devils in the first round. That
will be my largest wager in first round
series. I'm sorry to tell the Rangers fans that. They're going to pound the Devils. They first round. That will be my largest wager in first round series. I'm sorry to tell the Rangers fans that.
They're going to pound the Devils.
They're going to piss pump the Devils.
And then, dude, they run the hurricane show.
There's something about the hurricanes.
They lost to them the other night, too, with the Panarin 4 goal game.
They can't beat the Rangers.
So that's probably going to be the second round matchup again.
Now, Carolina's got a lot of work to do,
and they're not going to sit quiet as this deadline goes by. They're going to go out and get someone. But this Rangers team, Mikola, he's going to take over that spot with Braden Schneider
on the fifth and sixth defenseman instead of that Ben Harper kid who's whatever. They've tried
getting him in there, but that's a big time upgrade. Now, Vesey, another Drury masterpiece.
He brings him back on a PTO this year.
Look at the season he's having.
He actually was getting a chance in that first line.
He slides down now.
They got the kids back together.
The Rangers have a hell of a team.
They really do.
And now it's exciting to know you have just another game-breaker
that can score a ton of goals.
And for him to get that first goal, it's like same with Horvat,
who I think has three goals already for the Islanders in four games.
It's like, you need that first one. All right, I'm on the team. I'm comfortable. I have a goal.
There's a big difference between being on the team and being a goal scorer and then getting
your first one. So an amazing move by Chris Drury and getting it done early, which is smart. I mean,
it sucks for Darren Pang and all the crew at Sportsnet as well, along with TSN, who does the
trade deadline shows.
They're shaking in their boots as every trade happens closer before the deadline day.
But an awesome move and a team that's definitely set up to go on a run.
What do you got, Pete?
I know I got a feud going with Lou, but I just want to give him a little bit of praise here.
I appreciate him getting the party started a little bit early.
I think with the Horvat move, that really got the ball rolling on teams being like,
I'd rather strike now than later because there are so many hungry teams at the deadline.
And this, I think this, how much the East is loading up right now,
I think this adds so much pressure.
And you just touched on it on Carolina's plate.
Carolina has to make a move. Carolina has to make a move.
They have to make a move, not just a mid move, a big move.
Yeah.
What did you guys think of the Patrick Kane comments?
He seemed a little bit upset about that.
So, all right, why don't you read the exact quote?
Yeah, Patrick Kane, not too thrilled about the trade.
I said, quote, it's not like the happiest I've been to hear about a trade,
but I think the Rangers, I definitely pay attention to,
intrigued by for obvious reasons.
Just if things are going to happen, that was a team I was definitely looking at.
It seems like they kind of filled their void and went ahead and made a deal.
So it is what it is.
So it sounds like he had his heart set on going to Manhattan, no?
I mean, I would have loved to have seen it.
I mean,
that would have been far more blockbuster newsworthy when it originally
happened.
I,
so from watching Kane this year,
there's definitely frustration just on the lack of talent that surrounds
him.
Um,
you know,
I mean,
based on his career,
his line mates right now and not taking anything away from any guys he's playing,
they're just not up to the caliber in which he was winning three Stanley Cups with.
So his production hasn't been there.
And in some cases, effort's not the word,
but maybe it looked like he was banged up,
and maybe he was playing through something,
which seemed to have been the rumor,
and a reason why maybe New York stayed away from it was because of a hip issue.
Now that was,
that was kind of put to rest as to where it's,
it's in way better shape than last year,
which doesn't necessarily mean that there's not anything there.
And maybe this is something that could be in taken care of after the season.
So maybe they looked at him as damaged goods.
And also partly is like based on production this year maybe he doesn't have gas
left in the tank now would i love patrick kane to get fucking traded and shove that whatever i just
shed right up my hoop too yeah i want to see him get traded i kind of want to see him go to the
leafs but somehow have everybody retain salary to where they can somehow squeeze it in i don't think
it can work i'm not a rocket scientologist. Talk to Dubas, right?
I think it's good for the game if Patrick Kane ends up somewhere
because he's a big name.
But I don't know.
I also don't think that at this point, based on what he's done this season
and maybe with how teams can manage the cap situation,
I don't think he's going to command back maybe what Davidson is expecting.
Like,
I think that if you could somehow package them and get gold to the same
place,
you can maybe get a,
a first and a prospect out of it.
But I don't know,
man,
like,
what do you,
what do you guys think based on what you've seen so far as production this
year,
based on what you've heard about the hip situation and what you have to do in
order to maybe potentially give up and then work it out within your cap potentially give away a valuable
piece in your lineup that's helping you at this current moment for a gamble in those quotes didn't
he also mention um that like his hip injury has been kind of overblown a little bit. Yes. Yes. Yeah, so it's like
He pretty much
It's one of those things where, yeah, his numbers are down.
I mean, he's still  he's not having a Patrick Kane year,
but I mean, 92 points last year, he's still producing on a horrible team.
Wherever he goes, oh, my God, the rejuvenation,
what we're talking about with Tarasenko, you're going to see a superstar again.
Now, the question being, it's up to him.
And it's so
clear through those quotes that with all the media discussion about Patrick Ainge and the New York
Rangers, it actually, in his mind, was the spot. And you kind of always wondered that. That was
the first time you really heard him say that's kind of what he wanted. So now, completely,
probably improbable at this point. The Rangers could still get him. I don't necessarily see it happening,
but there is a possibility that it could happen.
But it just comes down to where he wants to go.
He's going to have to look at...
He's not going to go anywhere that doesn't, in his mind,
have a chance to raise the cup.
So he's going to now look around
and then do those teams want to try to finagle him?
That's the thing, Biz.
I just want it to happen for the fans
and for our sake in terms of watching Patrick Kane in the playoffs again.
Well, let's say a prayer.
Let's say a prayer.
Let's say a prayer to the hockey gods.
Here, hold my hand, guys.
All right.
How you doing?
Dear hockey gods, for the boys in blue, they need a winger for my boy AM34, and we need to keep him in town.
Oh, fuck that.
I'm not praying for the Leafs, bitch.
Fuck that.
No prayer.
The Leafs need bottom six players.
Give me Patrick Kane.
Give me Patrick Kane.
Lord Jesus, give me Patrick Kane to the blue.
The boys are blue.
Kane, he's got nine goals, 26 assists for 35 points in 48 games played.
But like you just said, Wick, going to another team in the cup race
would totally, I think, rejuvenate them.
Whatever injuries aside from that.
As always, we'll keep our ear to the ground.
Give me one team prediction
where you think Patrick Kane's going.
Fuck, man.
Dallas.
Based on...
That's kind of what I was going to say.
What about...
Monday quarterbacks.
What about... Him and Sagan Monday quarterbacks. What about...
Him and Sagan played together in Switzerland, too, during the lockout.
Remember that time?
They just absolutely lit it up.
The West is so open.
Vegas, maybe?
Which prospect are they going to trade for him?
I know.
I'm going to say Toronto.
Edmonton?
Yeah, I mean, it's a 10.5 million contract.
They might have to put some money elsewhere.
They might have to do a dollar-in-dollar-out type thing.
So, I don't know.
It remains to be seen.
I know it's supposed to be later, but you just said the name Edmonton,
and the speculation of the fact that Eric Carlson might get traded
means we have to talk about this right now.
Okay, yeah.
Connor McDavid, he's going gonna get his paul coffee like like you if you're gonna sling it
offensively and do it that way you gotta go all in and i'm not saying tyson berry can't help provide
the offense or darnell nurse can't help provide offense along with some of the other guys uh
bouchard but imagine with the season that eric car Carlson's having to go there.
I mean, he's on pace for 100 points.
I saw a tweet by an Edmonton reporter that mentioned,
for all the people or Edmonton fans who kind of talk about
how difficult the deal would be to make to get Carlson
and how much you'd possibly have to give up, blah, blah, blah.
Let's remind them all that he has more even-strength goals this year
than Leon Dreitzel.
It's like you're talking about a truly Hall of Fame legend defenseman
who's back to his ways of 2000-whatever, 15, 16, 17,
where this guy was just  he's the best defenseman in the league right now.
And now Kael McCarr's been battling injury all year. It's not to say he's's the best defenseman in the league right now and now keo mccarr's been battling
injury all year it's not to say he's not the best overall but eric carlson is like holy shit now the
issue being the amount of money that would have to be eaten by san jose so they'd have to eat half
of his salary it's for fucking three more years or it could be for four more years i think well
mcdavid's not going to be there so don't worry about the years past this year.
Just focus on now.
Yeah, with 32-year-old Carlson,
you've been hearing his name for weeks now.
He's got four more years after the season
at 11.5 million per year.
Full no-move clause.
And even if San Jose eats some dough,
it's still going to be a tough fit.
Elliott Friedman said Saturday
that in order for the Oilers to get him,
the price would need to be in the 6.5-7 for the Oilers to get him, the price would
need to be in the 6.5, 7 million range, not to mention him being willing to relocate to Edmonton
and San Jose wanting to eat that much money. Because if they do, the Sharks will be looking
at a nearly 7 million dead cap space hit for this year, next year, and then 5 million for
the next two years after that. So that's a big hit just to get rid of a guy. Ken Holland did say
any trade would be dollar in, dollar out,
which means that Edmonton would have to part with a guy or two,
which who knows what kind of chemistry alteration that could affect.
And Friedman also threw Shane Gostin's name out there,
a 29-year-old defenseman in the last year of a deal
paying him 4.5 million.
Not a bad little project if you can't get Carlson, I'd say.
Yeah.
Yeah, that's a Costco brand Carlson.
I can kind of say this, guys, because I was somebody who could just snap a tape-to-tape pass from his own defensive zone to the neutral zone, maybe creating breakaways in two-on-ones.
I could do that, Biz.
I know you couldn't.
I know you were flicking it off the glass and out, but I was snapping it, and sometimes
I was saucing it.
The Oilers need a guy to just snap it up to these forwards.
And when you're talking about Carlson, yeah, he's the ultimate goal.
Shane Gossespierre is playing some fucking hockey these past few years,
and that guy can pass a puck.
He can get up in the rush.
Those are the type of players the Oilers need.
So they're going to do something.
Carlson would be the ideal one.
That's just so much math, and I'm a math guy.
It's so many different.
Now, I guess another team could also take part of the money if you went three-way.
Then my head's going to explode trying to figure that out.
Where San Jose wouldn't have to eat like five or six million bucks.
They could eat two and a half.
But it's still kind of a gong show to think of what would have to happen in midseason for this to go down.
As the Oiler guy, who do you got walking the plank?
Who are you okay with them parting with?
Do you want Jack Campbell and the kitty cat to walk the plank?
You got to be a GM here.
You got to put the GM hat on.
Well, I'm assuming salary-wise and what he does,
I would guess it would be Tyson Barry, but I don't want him gone.
That's too much mojo in the locker room.
I know.
He seems like a guy who the team loves and he's playing good.
But with Carlson there, it's kind of like you'd think if you're saying
money in, money out, and a righty offensive defenseman, right?
What else are you looking at?
I don't know.
The Oilers are  they had a real stinker in Montreal on Sunday,
but they are a fucking hockey team, dude, and they have their bottom six.
Every, like, two weeks they're getting better and better and better,
and they're going to win the West.
You heard it here first.
They had a fun Canadian road trip, a good scrap.
Kane had a great scrap with Brady Kachuk as well.
So, hey, boys had a little bit of fun in Montreal,
and then they got the W in Ottawa, just as planned.
No, Ottawa was first, and then they probably had too much fun
and got smoked by the Canadians.
Oh, was it first?
My bad, my bad.
How about, did we talk about Connor and Leon growing the mullets?
No, I didn't even see that.
Yeah, they're collectively growing mullets out.
I don't know if they're doing it until playoffs or all the way.
So, I don't know.
Just thought I'd mention that.
Anything Connor McDavid news, you got to say.
Anything Arizona related, you got to bring up his mullet.
When I see Connor McDavid, I got to ask him if his dog's a legit moron
because our dogs are from the same, what are they called?
Breeds.
Same like place.ers oh same place yeah it's in toronto it's um i can't believe i'm drawing a blank because i think i was going to
get a couple bucks off of yoshi if i ended up bringing up the name of the breeder my dog is so
dumb i'm telling you he's the dumbest dog in the world i love yoshi with all my heart he's a
moron and god knows what they're mixing up to make these dogs so anytime i see him i gotta ask him is
your dog stupid well they say it's a reflection of its owner now are you bringing it you call my
wife stupid no i'm saying you because you didn't want it i didn't ask for the dog why have you
been doing any teaching yeah we've done so much.
He eats his own shit.
Oh, God.
That's a tough dog.
Dude, he ate his own shit the other day.
I'm like, how stupid are you, Yosh Dog?
You got to put it on waivers?
When I got a dog, I always wanted to name him Dog.
He could be like, what up, Dog?
I'll tell you what, Ravioli's a genius.
Shut up, Grinnelli.
And I got her at a New Yorkork pity uh new york city pet store so oh yeah um i gotta ask you guys like
would you gas the dog if it was eating its own shit no you can't gas it i mean dude what does
that say about your character no i'm just i work with flaws you help them not swallow their own
turds you don't kick them to the curb.
Yeah, you don't give them the needle because they fucking eat their own shit.
Yoshi also, we're watching Yellowstone and 1883.
1883, what a fucking TV show, you guys.
I mean, you think Yellowstone's good?
1883 takes a shit and then eats it Yoshi style on Yellowstone.
Every time a horse is shown, Yoshi jumps off the couch, goes up to the TV, and barks.
I'm like, bud, we've watched 12 episodes.
It's on TV, Yoshi.
I got to ask McDavid if his dog's an idiot.
I have to know.
Oh, Jesus.
Well, speaking of defensemen on the market, Sunday there was a rumor going around that
Arizona's Jacob Chikrin had been dealt to LA.
Shout out Biz for that in the group text. But as of right now, when we're taping, there was a rumor going around that Arizona's Jacob Chikrin had been dealt to LA.
Shout out Biz for that in the group text.
But as of right now, when we're taping, there's been no official deal.
But the team, I don't think I've ever seen a team tweet this out before.
Before the game the other night, it said,
Coyotes defenseman Jacob Chikrin is a healthy scratch tonight versus the St. Louis Blues due to trade-related reasons.
I mean, maybe it's happened before with a team acknowledging that,
like in a tweet, but I've never seen it before.
Like cock-blocking rumors.
He also did not take part in the morning skate Monday,
and reporter Adam Vingen, I hope I'm saying that right,
tweeted that he was going to be scratched again for trade reasons,
and the coach, Andre Trigny, said that he would remain out of the lineup
until something happened.
So I don't know how imminent something is for the 24-year-old,
16th overall pick back in 16.
He's in his seventh season already, 28 points in 36 games.
I mean, what's the most time you can sit a guy before you trade him with?
Like, what's going to go on here?
Well, after the deadline and if he doesn't get traded,
it ain't rocket Scientology, buddy.
He'll be traded.
I got to ask you a question.
Did you think when I texted that to the group chat
that I was saying that it went through?
Yes.
You wrote chicken to LA.
Oh, dude.
I was just kind of throwing it in the group like what the conversation was going.
I never said it happened.
Oh, okay.
All right.
It was just more of a vague thing.
It's like that's kind of the new rumor.
Like if it was something confirmed, I would have sent the tweet or Grinnelli would have sent the tweet.
Like if it was something confirmed, I would have sent the tweet or Grinnelli would have sent the tweet.
But I believe that people still believe that there is a deal that's being worked out between the Kings to acquire Chikrin.
So that's why I said like, hey, kind of pay attention to this.
My apologies if you guys assume that it already gone through. R.A., you live on Twitter.
I would imagine you would have seen it as well.
Oh, no.
I checked and verified.
But no, busting chops.
Yeah.
Oh, yeah. No, I verified, but no, busting chops, yeah. Oh, yeah.
No, I was just busting it back.
Should we talk about what that does for the Kings?
Absolutely.
I mean, just want to say this.
I'll say this about the Kings quickly before you go, Biz.
They pumped the Penguins 6-0 Saturday night.
It was Dustin Brown night.
The atmosphere looks beyond electric in that building.
Now, granted, it's a 6-0 win in which Crosby gets kicked out of the game
for the first time in his career.
Look out for L.A., man.
And if they bring in Chikrin, who's just under a point per game
and a plus player on the Coyotes, wow.
Wow.
Well, I mean, they're getting decent goaltending right now.
It's kind of rounding out from Copley's maybe original play.
But overall, I mean, talk about if chikrin goes there too the guys they got on their team imagine going
out to the club with those guys they got fiala chikrin kempe oh my god the residuals like give
them the cup uh beckman beckham's gonna be back over there hanging out with the boys and they're
getting their mojo back they had had the Dustin Brown night too,
so it seems like things around the Kings are revamping.
But it would just bolster that back end.
They got Dowdy who provides offense and can move the puck.
They got Dursey who provides offense and can move the puck.
Obviously, Chickren being as physically gifted as he is,
I would say he's a pretty well
rounded defenseman i don't know he where he would fit in on the power play whether they would have
him right off the hot plan first unit he does have a pretty lethal shot and they use him for a lot of
that on the the coyotes power play they were using him as a forward at one point as the flanker
and sometimes when they wouldn't respect him in the middle, he'd be at a dead stop still,
and he'd fucking zing one in with like a snapper,
which at the top of the circle is like,
you got to be able to shoot some peas if you're doing that.
So overall, and then they got that Anderson kid,
and we're going to get to the issue with him and Crosby the other night.
They got some good defensive defensemen
who play with a little bit of a mean streak,
like that Roy kid as well.
All of a sudden, their top six in the West
is better than anyone's.
And then, listen, I have it pulled up right now
because I knew we were going to get into it eventually.
Like, look at their projected forward lines.
Byfield, Kopitar, Kempe.
Moore, Deneau, Arvidsson. Fiala, Lizotte, Ayafallo.
And then they got that fourth line of Anderson, Dolan, Kapari, and Kaliev. Still time at the
deadline here. Maybe if you want to bring in like a little bit of a veteran presence for that fourth
line center role. But those top nine, along with that back end in above average goaltending, I think that
they're, in my opinion, they're the favorite in the West, or at least going to be one of my
favorites in the West. Yeah. Chickering has two more years after this year at 4.6 million in a
modified no trade clause. That's a pretty good bargain. Whoever gets them. Another name biz
we've heard mentioned, and I don't know if it's just the rumor shit, Carol Vizhmelka, the goalie for Arizona.
He's been unbelievable for them this year.
If they really want to tank for Badad, man, they would trade him.
He's got two more years at 2.725 million.
I don't know, man.
That's something to keep an eye on as well.
Do you think he ends up getting dealt, Vizhmelka biz?
I'm telling you that based on his play and what he's signed for the next two years
for a team that doesn't have goaltending, I would say minimum a first, another decent pick like a second or third rounder and a prospect.
He's one of the best goalies in the league as far as like facing high danger chances.
Sometimes teams get a little bit weary because getting all those shots and getting outshot most nights could sometimes inflate the numbers to where you're, you're overvaluing how good he is. I believe on sheer
athleticism, this guy is the real deal. He's still very young too. Um, but the, the, the,
the thing about Chikrin too, that we didn't talk about is now they're talking about the fact that
they would retain salary as well so all of a
sudden one of the best if not the best currently available if if carlson's not waving his claws to
go to fucking edmonton that's another guy they should try to pursue especially at doing so with
a discount but getting a guy of of that magnitude at let's say if it's even half his current price
right now that is huge.
And he's only making four or six.
He's making four or six, so all of a sudden you're paying a guy two, three,
who's probably on a Stanley Cup winning team,
I'd say he's between a three and a four defenseman.
Really? Fuck, those cost you on a Stanley Cup winning team?
I thought he was like at least a two or a three, but no, I know what you're saying.
Well, I would say that my criticism is maybe he lacks a little bit of nastiness defensively
in the blue paint areas.
I think physically and how fast he is and how big he is,
he can make up for certain mistakes that he makes.
So overall, maybe i'm being
too critical because i'm saying a stanley cup team because if he was on tampa for those i would say
safe bet is fine he's a number three so overall the coyotes have some very valuable assets to
get rid of the deadline here i'm sure i'm interesting to see how they can they can shed
that but vomelka as you brought up, is, to me,
if you're actually looking to tank and get a crazy return for the future,
that's a huge chip along with Goss to spare.
Back to the Saturday night tilt in L.A.,
the Hockey Gods had a nice touch on the game
because I guess Kempe had four goals.
I think the last player to score four goals in a game
and three goals in one period for the LA Kings was Dustin Brown.
No way.
Yeah, so pretty cool that that went down on Dustin Brown night.
The Penguins had no chance.
I guess the game didn't start until like
I think the Dustin Brown ceremony was like an hour.
It was like they didn't face off to like 11-10 Eastern.
You know, the Penguins are used to that.
So they got pounded.
Just a great effort.
And what was crazy was to see Crosby get kicked out like I talked about.
He got cross-checked by, was it Anderson?
Mikey Anderson.
Yeah, so Mikey Anderson.
And then they're kind of drawn back and forth.
Crosby goes on.
They both get tens.
Well, then Crosby ends up skating over and kind of falling around the referee rank.
And he booted him.
I guess the ref didn't want to be falling around and chirp that.
But Crosby, after, he's like, I was dumbfounded that I was getting thrown out of the game.
It was 5-0 with 10 minutes to go in the third period.
It didn't really matter.
But that's kind of bizarre to see, you know,
one of the greatest of all times kicked out because, well,
first to get the 10 for jawing at a guy and then to actually get the boot
because he's yelling at the ref.
I was surprised to see that.
You mean Killer Carlson, Crosby this year?
Just every time their team needs a little bit of a jolt,
he's in there to give it.
What happened to Sears, too, the night before?
Night before in Anaheim.
Who's always the guy to get them going this year?
There was a game we had on TNT, same thing against Washington.
Pittsburgh really had nothing.
Who was the guy to fucking stick his nose in this shit?
So he ended up getting cross-checked there,
but to go back to the one against Seagrass.
Seagrass, what, he shot the puck after the whistle?
I'd say it was during the whistle, but either or.
I mean, he still did it.
So I want to actually ask you a business.
Is Sid getting frustrated with two things in two games,
or is that just sort of a coincidence that in two games
he kind of did some uncharacteristic things?
He doesn't usually go up challenging guys like that,
like he did to Zegers.
He does it more than you'd think, dude.
Okay.
That's what I said.
I said so far this year there's been so many examples of Crosby sticking his nose in there
that I just think that maybe this is one thing that he's doing for his team
because I feel like they lack.
It's embarrassing that we're even talking about this, by the way.
The fact that Crosby most of the year this year has to be the guy to also play that role.
Like he's fucking Matthew Kachuk or something.
Now that's something that Matthew's expected to bring.
But if that's not a wake up to that dressing room in Pittsburgh,
fuck, I'll say it.
Crosby's trying to do it with his play, I'll say it.
If you're a depth guy there, start fucking doing something
when your team's not playing good.
Like they're overall, they're a little bit lifeless from night to night.
And the fact that it's him who's got to do it is embarrassing.
So if you're a role guy in that room.
They won the first two out of the all-star break, which was a nice, like, let's go.
And then they got pounded in L.A.
It's not a must-win game by any point, but their schedule gets tough.
And they got San Jose Tuesday night.
San Jose dusted them in Pittsburgh.
So that's actually my bet of the week tonight.
You're listening on Tuesday.
I'm laying all the chips down on Pittsburgh to get a big win in San Jose.
I'll hop on that with you.
So they'll be a big favorite.
But in regulation, take them three-way.
I think they run away with that game.
They have to.
Would be interesting to see them trade for Patrick Kane.
I don't know what the hell Pittsburgh could do.
They have like one cent less than the cap.
And no prospects.
No picks.
Nothing to trade.
No, they got picks.
They got first round, second round, and third round picks for the next three years.
They could send out Kasperi Kapanen.
I mean, the Jeff Carter money.
They could send out Jason Zucker.
They got some money they could send out.
Congrats to Evgeny Malkin.
He got his 1,200th point Friday in Anaheim.
What an amazing career.
That's pretty cool.
He got a nice assist.
And I think he's one of seven European players to ever reach 1,200 points.
So congrats to Gino.
Yep.
Currently tied with Dino Cicerelli for 50th on the all-time points list as well.
He's got, let's see, 10,033 games played.
He's got 1,200 points, pretty good stuff.
But, boys, what do you think?
Should we send them over to Rasmus Dahlien soon or what?
This interview was brought to you by Labatt Blue.
There's a little bit of Canadian kindness in every sip of Labatt Blue Light.
How did it get in there?
They're Canadians.
That's how.
You can spread the love love yourself by sharing a
labatt when you share a labatt you're not just sharing a beer you're sharing an experience that
will pair with anything from hockey to a hoedown so next time you're watching hockey with your
birds be sure to share a labatt because while you might not all root for the same team you
could all enjoy labatt blue light guys the blue lights in big deals were flowing all week in Arizona.
We had endless blue lights at the barstool bar.
I noticed a few people even tapped in during the mini golf.
Guys were going wild with this stuff.
And we are excited to drink a few blue lights at the stadium series this weekend.
Me personally, I'm very excited to do some tailgating at Cotta Finley Stadium this weekend
to see the Capitals take on the Canes.
And there's absolutely nothing like tailgating and drinking some Labatt.
Labatt, the pristine Canadian pilsner.
Share a Labatt.
So here we go.
We're going to roll out Rasmus Dahlien.
Enjoy.
All right, we're happy to welcome our next guest who was able to join us on short notice.
The number one overall pick of the 2018 draft, this defenseman is named to the all-rookie team
and was a call-to-trophy finalist. Already
in his fifth NHL season, he'll be participating
in his second All-Star game this weekend.
Thanks so much for joining us on the
Spittin' Chickens podcast. Rasmus Darlene,
how you doing, pal? Have you changed some late plans or what?
Thank you. Yeah.
I got the call yesterday
after the game at whatever,
12 o'clock in the night.
I'm happy I'm here, though.
Good weather.
Nice to be in Florida.
What was the trip planned?
There was something that you were going to do that you can't do anymore.
Yeah, I was supposed to go to Bahamas with the boys.
Oh, no, with the boys.
Buddy, when you said that, my heart dropped.
With the boys.
If you said with the family, it's like, oh, nice.
With the boys, you're like, no, what?
Yeah, no, I'm actually happy that I'm family, it's like, oh, nice. With the boys, you're like, no, what? Yeah,
no,
it's,
I'm actually happy that I'm here.
It's going to be a blast.
Yeah,
it's a good spot to be.
Sabres fans are going to go nuts
when we drop.
We always do a teaser
like the day before
who the guest is.
We had a post on,
the fans went nuts.
Like the Sabres fans
seem like they've been like
rejuvenated by this team
you guys have.
Oh,
yeah.
We have something really good
going on in the city.
The fans are incredible right now,
and we just got to keep this rolling
because I've heard a lot of crazy stuff
about the Sabres fans back in the day,
so I want to recreate that.
You probably get a sense of it.
I see you're part of Bill's Mafia.
You probably saw a lot of this winter,
even though it didn't end up the best way.
Yeah, that was a tough loss.
But, you know, it's always the next year.
And we have Josh Allen, so the city's happy.
Who won the Buffalo Sabres would be most likely to jump through a table at a Bill's tailgate?
I think Alex Tuck is one of those guys.
He loves to be at the Bill Bill Stadium and be around all the
people, so I would pick him. He's getting
mustard and ketchup, too. Oh, that guy?
Yeah, Ketchup Ron or something. What's his name?
Oh, for sure. Who else knows him? Yeah,
he knows him. He's buddies with him.
Does it feel crazy?
It's already, like I just said, your fifth season already.
I know you started when you were 18, but
there's a flown by few as it has for everybody else.
Yeah, it's crazy, actually. I think I just thought I just started were 18, but it's a flown by few as it has for everybody else. Yeah, it's crazy, actually.
I thought I just started my career, but it's been flying by,
but I've learned so many things and gone through a lot,
but I'm happy I'm here.
It's been a fun ride, but it's gone fast.
Talk about what Don Granato's meant to the team.
A couple of early years, you kind of had a few different coaches.
He's kind of really settled the team down.
What exactly has he done that kind of instilled confidence in you guys?
Yeah, Don has been the best, to be honest.
He came in with this attitude that all the young guys should play fearless
and don't be afraid to lose and just go out there and play a game.
And you see Tate Thompson, you see Dylan Cousins,
you see all these young guys just taking off.
It's because of our system.
You know, if we're down, it's not like he's coming in and screaming at us.
He's telling us to play our game, don't think too much and compete.
And that's what we're doing.
It seems like it's working right now.
Is it kind of nice as an offensive defenseman
to not only get that confidence from your coach,
but, like, I mean, you guys are basically allowed to free wheel below the goal line
where in the offensive zone, it's just this crazy five-man cycle nonstop.
Yeah.
You see Owen Power flying around in the L zone.
And the forwards are taking our spots.
But yeah, it's part of our game and we love playing offense.
I'm sure it's fun to watch too when we play.
And yeah, we like playing offense.
We got to go to the beginning.
I mean, because like, you know, you were a kid that was talked about for a long time,
even leading up to the draft.
So growing up, I mean, we were playing other sports.
Were you really good at hockey from the minute you started playing?
Like what was your intro into the game?
Yeah, I've always find hockey my thing.
And I've always been one of the best guys in my teams.
I'm more meant about the beginning, like,
because you're playing for your town, right?
Yeah, that's what I wanted to ask, because we get this question all the time,
the difference of the Swedish youth hockey system compared to the American system.
Just go through how the Swedish system, I know how the equipment gets passed down,
and you're under that Ferlanda flag.
From the senior team the whole way.
I don't have the experience, but I know everybody in the world wants to hear about it,
because you Swedes are developing at a much higher pace with 9 million people in the whole country.
Yeah, I respect that you say that.
But yeah, it goes down from the A team, we call it, down under 20, under 18, under 16, and then all the way down to you, whatever.
Like you ate, they have.
You ate, exactly.
But for me, we have the same thing in my hometown,
all the way down.
But it's not on the highest professional level.
It's the system works.
You probably can describe it better,
but my English is kind of off right now.
So, Forlunda brought you in when you were young to their team?
Forlunda, I came to Forlunda when I was 15 because they are in the SHL.
And their program is better than what I used to.
He had a team like I played in last year.
They're like the Division 1 probably, right?
Division 3.
Division 2.
Yeah, I was in the Division 2 last year.
Yeah, so it's even worse than that.
And that was like guys had jobs, right?
Yeah, that was for the guy.
He had to leave in the middle of the game to go fix a water main break.
For sure, yeah.
So, yeah, so I went to Frolunda to play under 18 when I was 15.
But then my career was taken off, and I was playing the A team pretty quick.
Yeah, I watched this guy.
I want to say you were 16.
You're flying around with a full cage on, and he's dipsy-doodling, dangling these 30-year-old men out there. I'm i i want to say you were 16 you're flying around with a full cage
on and he's dipsy doodle and dangling these 30 year old men out there i'm sure they wanted to
kill you i saw it on tsn on vhs it was filmed on a baked potato oh i felt like the sickest dude
of all time when i did that but looking back it was it was stupid yeah i don't know though it
actually looked pretty sick what uh like veterans what veterans were on that Forlunda team that maybe helped you out
and brought you along a little bit?
Henrik Lundqvist's brother, Joel.
He's a legend over there.
He's a legend.
He's a goalie also, isn't he?
No, he's a forward.
I thought he was a goalie.
He was on the Olympic teams when they had all the NHLers, too.
I think he was the captain in the World Championship
when all the NHLers were there, too.
He's like the heart of Foralanda and heart of swedish hockey i would say so uh and there's
we have roger runberg i don't know how to say his name and his english but he's he was our coach and
he helped me a lot um you know when i was young he could have told me to not do stuff but he just
But, you know, when I was young, he could have told me to not do stuff,
but he'd just go in there and have fun, which helped me a lot.
But I would say Joel Langenquist was the main guy.
How old were you when the NHL became your goal?
Like, all right, this is where I want to be at a certain point.
Ever since I started to figure out hockey is my thing,
I wanted to, I mean, it's everyone's dream.
Right.
But no, but some kids do from Europe,
their goal is just to play for like the A team,
the senior team.
But you were, I mean, you were good enough and you're watching enough NHL highlights.
You're like, that's where I want to be.
Yeah.
And especially in front of them,
they push every young guy to not be satisfied
to get up in the A team.
They want to get us in the A-team. They want to
get us in the NHL.
Yeah, which that program
in Flanders is one
of the best in the world, I would say.
I like asking, no, just quickly,
I feel like Sweden's good in the summer.
You're not playing hockey, right? Growing up?
Or were you skating the whole time? Yeah, I was skating
the whole time. Oh, really? Yeah, all the summer schools
around the world. So it's changed, I was skating the whole time. Oh, really? Yeah, all the summer schools around the world.
So it's changed, I guess.
Maybe that was before.
And we had a post-so on, and he talked about your work ethic
and how you're always constantly trying to develop your game.
So it seemed like from an early age you were just hyper-focused.
Were you like, I want to be first overall.
I want to be the best.
Is that your personality where you're just constantly clawing at it?
Not really.
I just love hockey. I just love on at the rink with the guys and um i want i love
competing i think that's the main thing i um whatever it is golf or something i just want to
have fun and compete uh i think that comes a long way did you water your game after any particular
swedish defenseman or just kind of create your own path?
Yeah, a lot of them, I would say.
Lidstrom, Hedman, Erik Karlsson.
Yeah, we have a ton of great Swedish defensemen,
but it feels like Sweden are developing very good defensemen.
And it's like they're pushing all the defensemen
to be offense and play like Eric
Carlson and all those guys
but yeah I think Lidstrom
started everything back in
Sweden. Are there any defensemen around the league you like to watch
play as much as you can?
Yeah I love watching
games
right now it's Eric Carlson it's
amazing to see what he's doing right now it's i'm
trying to catch up to him but it's uh you're doing your best but yeah i'm doing my best but it's too
hard i know he's back you guys have like a side bet going on like a group chat or something no
i'm not doing that because he'll be me and and and he'll want the action to be big too knowing
oh yeah for sure is he somebody that you talk to regularly where you like bounce stuff off of him and kind of a mentor role uh yeah i mean we talk sometimes and um you know this summer i went over
to his house and um we had a good good talk and uh just chatting a little bit but it's not like
um i call him every night and ask for tips and trips. But, yeah, he's a great guy, and he's a role model for sure.
In the current NHL, it's like, you know,
it's changed a bit where it seems like there are a lot of family guys,
but you guys have so many young dudes.
I mean, it must be on the road 10, 11 guys going to dinner and stuff.
Oh, it's the best.
It's unreal how many guys under 25 are playing big roles.
Yeah, going on the road is the best thing ever.
No, seriously, it is.
But, yeah, we have 15-guy dinners.
Really?
Like, we're having so much fun.
You guys doing the credit card game?
Oh, it sucks when we're that many guys.
You lost a big one recently, didn't you?
Yeah, I did. No, yeah. Oh, it sucks when we're that many guys. You lost a big one recently, didn't you? Yeah.
No, yeah.
There was a team recently that got busted where they would play the fake credit card game where they would actually still divvy it up.
You guys don't do that, do you?
Oh, what?
I know.
Seattle last year, they wouldn't play the credit card game.
Guys would play pretend, like see who would have lost.
I don't know if they did that.
I know that they wouldn't play, Eberle was telling telling me so they're probably doing it this year that's why
they're winning it's always the rookies on the rookie deal that wants to play it and it loses
yeah it's always the one that wants to whoever brings up the game yeah it's crazy how it works
right yep so yeah i uh yeah some of the older guys have been stepping in sometimes.
But no, I love being on the road.
So the offense is like it's always been there for you.
This year it's just kind of exploding.
But also defensively, like you're playing better this year.
Was that something where you're focused on, all right, well, I know I can produce points.
Let me be a true number one and be playing against the top lines also?
Yeah, that's always what
i've wanted to be like um and last year when donna came in he um he played me against the
other team's top players and i've kind of learned throughout times how to how to manage minutes and
how to play against the most skilled guys and uh just get you get so much confidence from just playing against them and um
understanding you can you can win the battles and stuff like that so i think it just takes time and
um yeah big thanks to marty and donnie my coaches well i mean there's a couple times like you got a
chippiness to your game maybe that you didn't have earlier on where you're throwing some fucking big
hits i remember last year was it the the game in hamilton where you and matthews were going at it
yeah no i yeah i i yeah i don't know you got him sussied
no i like am i digging too deep no no no you're not i i like having fun person's like no no yeah
no i like having fun and uh shit happens on the ice the ice. I'm all good with that cross check because that could have been me doing that to someone else.
So, it's a part of the game and I don't care.
A guy like you that's playing this many minutes, are you guys looking at when the TV timeouts are and stuff and using those to your advantage and going right back out?
No, I hate TV timeouts to be honest.
Fucking A.
He just wants to get rid of commercials. I've been harping about them. It's a fucking joke. TV timeouts, to be honest. Fucking A, buddy.
I've been harping about them. It's a fucking joke.
It should be a good business plan.
We've got to talk to Gary, what is it?
Kim Jung Bettman? You know who that is?
Happy 30 years, Gary.
No,
it kills momentum sometimes
and you're in this goal and it's like
it feels like every minute
it's coming, but some games I like it, some games I hate it.
And then they got to put the fourth liners out there.
The busy.
Those guys stink.
Not anymore.
Now fourth liners are nasty.
Yeah, yeah.
That was more of a dig at me.
So you said you love the game and stuff.
And it must have been hard for you, right?
Because there's a couple of tough years where you guys were losing a lot.
Were you taking that home or were you staying positive,
working on your own game?
Or was it just kind of a battle to get through the past couple of years?
Both.
I mean...
It just gets old losing, right?
Yeah, exactly.
It sucks losing.
But we always knew that better times were coming.
You see Tej. You see all the young guys.
We went through it together and we were like, yeah, eventually we will be the top guys and we will be the leaders on the team and things will change.
So we always had this motivation.
And, you know, we've been working very hard and um
yeah better times ahead um biz mentioned we got to interview our poso and pretty emotional
interview what he's been through in his career i i could tell right away he's probably a guy that
everyone leans on for a young team that's a veteran who uh treats everyone the right way right
yeah he's the best he's you know, he is the best we can have.
He's a team guy.
Oh, for sure.
He's the best.
Whenever he has to say something, he says something.
Otherwise, he just keeps it loose.
And, yeah, he chirps everyone as much as all the young guys are doing.
So, yeah, he's a great captain.
Who's the clown on the team?
I guess Tuck, if he's going through the tables. Yeah, no, Tate a great captain. Who's the clown on the team? I guess Tuck if he's going through the tables.
Yeah, no, Tate is a clown.
He never shuts up.
I would say Dylan Cousins recently turned out to be an idiot.
He's getting comfy now.
Yeah, exactly.
No, he is hilarious.
And Peyton Krebs also.
It's usually like a night out where the boys get completely annihilated,
where all of a sudden the young guy who might not have had the confidence
to truly open up finally then opens up.
Was that the case?
Yeah, it could be.
Yeah, it was like that.
It's like one thing happened.
It's just like, okay, he's got the new nickname on the team.
For sure.
And Matthias Samuelsson.
That guy is out to lunch sometimes but
he is hilarious too uh posh one of our video guys was saying that sam right heart tweet uh texted
over a story about you your first year spending like 20 grand one time on suits and you were still
concerned that was ike's fault okay that was eichel's fault right away you're blaming someone
else no seriously i i i asked eichel i i didn't have any
suits and i was like where can i get some suits and he's like oh i i hook you up with this guy
and he hooked me up he hooks me up with this guy this guy comes home to me and shows me all these
things and i was like i'll take that one that one that one and then it turns out it's 20 grand for
three suits you could have told me yeah three suits oh fuck you got was this the montreal guy
that came down biz better came with a tug no yeah it's three suits so like i don't make that much
money i see you can you can give me someone else yeah these days with the where gary's got it going
that's your whole signing bonus for a first overall pick well next thing you know it's gonna be a loan from the team
you you mentioned thompson it's i don't know if you you saw the clip that like went viral it's
like basically four minutes of him completely dominating like it's just crazy to see what
he's done i mean last year was was the beginning and now it's he's a legit superstar yeah it's
i've i've always seen people oh yeah for sure goalies especially but i've always seen
that he's always been super super skilled and his shots been always been crazy but i think
him getting the opportunity from donnie and uh getting this confidence i think it's more of a
mental click for him because he's always been like we're playing he like practices he's doing stupid stuff and uh every every time
we're playing you know scrimmage or three and three he's like lighting it up like he's doing
right now so i think it was a more of a mental click for him it's just almost excited the sabers
fans have been since you've been there given that you guys you know pretty much control your own
destiny right now as far as the playoffs yeah they're uh yeah it's uh it's amazing how it is in
buffalo right now um you see like we had this miller night uh we had the rj night last year
and when when our rink is packed it's nuts it's nuts yeah i saw you guys went to this whatever
street hockey tournament yeah right i wish i was it right? I wish I was there. It's a sports town.
What game was it when you scored the tying goal?
I think it was a 6-5 overtime win you guys had.
I was watching the game and the fans were
it's crazy how engaged they are into the game.
For sure.
I would say when it's packed building
and it's a great game like that,
like the craziest atmosphere in sports.
Yeah, it's like 50 laps of the wave or whatever you call it.
And yeah, it's so much fun playing in front of them.
That's awesome.
They're all boozing on the left.
Oh, they're all.
They're all.
Big deal brew.
They're all gooned up.
Gooned up.
Liquid Dueno.
Liquid Dueno.
Did you feel like more of a team buy-in when Tuck came?
Because he's kind of from the area where.
Wanted to be there. like yeah you have to want to be in buffalo at some place like people don't want to play and
it's hard to attract free agents but like it's got this charm about it and i feel like that
may be elevated when tuck got there for sure uh he came in with such a fresh air you always
like you're always a little um you wanted to get to know this guy but
he was like coming in with his positive attitude let's go i love buffalo and i grew up here and
yeah and like the type of player is the he fits so good like everyone talks about tage which
everyone should but tuck is doing a lot of work too he's setting them up a lot oh it's it's amazing
to watch and uh he's been he's been unreal for us and uh yeah we we had him on he was talking about
his skill coach and how he like reworked his stride to where he could so he like he's constantly
working on his game too which i'm sure pushes you guys in in that direction practice-wise. Yeah. Yeah. I mean, everyone, young guys.
And I think our culture, too, is like
it feels like half of the team is on 20 minutes early.
And I guess it's because we're young guys.
But it's like this work ethic culture we have.
And I think it's a really good thing going on in Buffalo.
And you see Tuck as a leader
doing all this stuff.
Yeah, he's amazing.
That's the thing about the young team,
sorry,
is that when guys have nowhere to go,
then you're on the ice
after you're playing rebound juice boy.
It's like nobody ever wants
to leave the rink.
Yeah, they're telling you.
It's like the AHL a little bit.
It's almost like they're cutting you off.
They're saying,
boys, you got to get off the ice. Trainers got families, boys. Yeah, that's pretty much what they're telling you. It's like the AHL a little bit. It's almost like they're cutting you off. They're saying, boys, you got to get off the ice.
Trainers got families, boys.
Yeah, that's pretty much what they're doing.
And we have  I got to give credit to Eric Conrad too
because goalies usually, you know, they're out right away.
But he is the one that wants to be on the ice.
Oh, that  a word goes around that you got the goalie
that will stay out there for three hours.
He'll have a contract making league airmen for life.
He'll play for 16 different teams.
Unless it's LT.
Yeah, exactly.
I'll give you a little nugget on Alex Tuck.
He grew up two houses down from legendary Sabre Tim Conley.
Oh, really?
Yeah, two houses down.
That's why he grew up a Sabres fan and why he has the heart for the Sabres.
But I want to bring that all up because Tim Conley played in those Goathead
jersey times, and now when you guys
play with those, I don't know what your
record is. I'm the gambler. When I brought it up,
they then lost. You're like
6-1 in these jerseys. Are you guys feeling
it when you walk in the room and see them?
Anything special going on when you see them? Yeah, and
it feels like the crowd is getting into it more
when they have those jerseys. They should be the jerseys,
I think.
Yeah.
Did you guys talk about that?
Just wear them every game? Yeah, that's what my fellow trainers do all the time.
Take a 50-cent beer night and watch the wave.
No, no, the building would explode.
It's not serious.
I've said that for years.
If the Bills or Sabres ever win a championship, the city's going to burn down.
That place is done.
The Chipboard Street.
What are you going to be doing for extracurricular activities this week.
Are you out of shot?
No.
Oh, you mean the skills comp.
He's like, what do you want to do tonight, bud?
What do you want to do tonight, bud?
I got to hook up.
Not those guys.
Yeah, for some reason, it put me in the hardest shot category.
That's the best one.
Yeah, but if you're a muffin.
As long as you're over 90 you're good no
but then yeah right if you hit 87 you're in one dude yeah but then you'll be the guy being like
no i didn't want to be a hardo i was just taking it easy and you don't have to do the lap you don't
have to stick handle the pocket yeah it could be worse yeah i agree but i just want to don't i'm
going to embarrass myself but it's all right okay well man congratulations one more one more you know
as a swedish guy here i want to i want one thing you you miss from sweden while you're here and
then one thing you miss from the u.s or buffalo while you're back home in sweden in the summer
the kebab yes it's so good Swedish kebab Swedish you take yours a roll or on the fries of the plate
both both yeah when i this late night drinking food?
This is late night drinking food.
Late night drinking food.
Like the next morning food.
When I'm out, I go, I get one roll and I get one plate because I want them both.
Yeah, it's amazing.
Why don't they have that at Ikea?
Those are the meatballs.
Yeah, they got the meatballs there.
I don't know.
I don't know why they don't have kebab there.
I don't know.
Will you protest that with me to get the kebab instead of the meatballs for IKEA?
That would make national news.
Imagine you striking against IKEA with a picket sign out front.
If the agent's about to get a deal done with IKEA, you're going to ruin the whole thing.
You and Hank, for sure, they'd have kebab in there.
You guys combined?
Yeah, he probably loves kebab too.
I just miss Gothenburg when I'm over there because, yeah,
that's one of the best cities in the world.
But going back, I miss the Bills.
The Wings.
I was trying to line you up for the Wings, the Buffalo Wings. Yeah.
Are they overrated?
That was going to be my next question.
Are they overrated?
No, they're the best.
Best spot in Buffalo?
He knows what the fuck with that crowd.
The whole fan base turns up.
What's the best spot in Buffalo for Wings not to fuck with that crowd. The whole fan base turns on. What's the best spot in Buffalo for wings?
I got to put you on the hot list.
Hey, blink twice if you're being held hostage by the fan base.
No, I'm serious.
The best spot, you said.
Yeah, it's Barbell.
Yeah, that's the one.
Yeah.
I want to hook up a lie detector about to ask about the wings.
Grinnelli, bring out the lie detector, please.
This is when she comes in.
She's like, this interview's over.
Creative.
Well, man, congrats.
I mean, this has been an awesome run.
Or at least I have kind of hopped on that Sabres bandwagon
hoping you guys get in.
So it's nice to have meaningful games, and congrats on being an all-star.
Thank you very much, guys.
Awesome.
Pleasure.
You're the man, buddy.
Before we go any further,
here's a word from our friends
at the Barstool Sportsbook.
What's going on, gang?
I'm not sure if you checked out
the Barstool Sportsbook yet,
but you ought to
if it's in your area.
There are tons of great ways
to play, including
our Barstool exclusives.
They're pixie and polys
from Big Cat, El Prez,
and other personalities
to follow or fade.
We have tons of ways to bet.
You get your daily odds boost.
You get your live in-game bets, same-game parlays, move the line, teases, all that fancy stuff.
And again, a parlay bet within the same game or across sports.
Not everybody does it, but we do here at the Barstool Sportsbook.
It's also very easy to navigate and use data and content to keep you informed.
It's easy and secure registration, and there are more ways to keep you informed. It's easy and secure registration,
and there are more ways to deposit and withdraw.
Download it today and use the code biznasty to create an account.
It's a 1,000 new player bonus.
If your first bet loses, you get up to 1,000 in bonus cash.
You must be 21 or older.
Gambling problem?
Call 1-800-GAMBLER.
Big thanks to Rasmus for jumping on us while we
were down in Fort Lauderdale last week. Very enjoyable chat for us. Hopefully you enjoyed it
as well. His Sabres are currently 11th place in the East, but very much alive, I'd say. They got
56 points. They're five back of the Pens, six back of the Caps with a game in hand on Pittsburgh and
four games in hand on Washington. So they do still control their own fate. 17 of their 31
remaining games are versus current playoff teams.
So I know a bonafide number one goalie would be huge for this squad.
We'll see what happens.
But they did lock up a huge piece of their core.
They extended Dylan Cousins to a seven-year, 49.7 million deal.
Comes out to 7.1 average annual value.
He's got a modified no trade clause for the last three years.
Love it.
Love it. I love what Kevin Adams has done. Now, quickly, I got to dog him a little bit in terms of you mentioned
that they don't have that number one goalie, the one thing they're really missing. They had Olmark.
I don't know if he just didn't want to be there, but they decided to let him go. And you've seen
what he's done with the Bruins. Yes, a much better team, but that guy's a hell of a goalie. But back
to Cousins and what
they've done. They did it with Samuelson, and they're totally willing to trust their own minds,
their scouting staff's minds, and what they figure the player will turn into and pay them early.
We've seen the discussion when Jack Hughes got his money in Jersey, and we've wondered at how
it's going to work out. There will for sure be players who get signed to these big tickets in looking at basically their potential and what they could be, and they maybe won't turn
out. Dylan Cousins is not going to be one of them. And I think you're going to be laughing in five
years when he's making 7 million. That's a young stud. He's already proved that he can produce at
this level. He plays with an edge. It's a guy that if you're a fan of the Sabres, you're like,
yes, we locked him up at a reasonable number.
Right now it looks like a lot.
In the end, it won't be.
So I really think that this is the future in terms of the game and how you're going to be able to stay under the cap wherever it ends up and give yourself room to make trades and make things happen by getting guys signed to long-term deals.
And the best part about it is it really is a win-win where a guy like Dylan Cousins says, I just locked up 50 million.
I set myself up for life.
I'm going to be able to sign another monster deal at the end of this thing.
And the team looks at it like, all right, we don't have to worry.
It's another piece of the puzzle that's locked up
that we don't have to see pop off in his third year in the league
only to then maybe have to pay him 9 million AAV.
So it's a wonderful deal for a player
who I think is going to be around the league for a long time.
50 million in Buffalo, you're a billionaire.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Multi-billion.
Multi-billion.
Multi, multi.
You're like fucking Mr. Burns at the top of your castle.
Except it's in Cheektowaga.
Awesome signing.
They got their one-two punch at center ice too.
And they can both produce.
And so it's like, fuck fuck we could double wrist adams till
we're blue in the face here the thing is though it sucks because i just and i truly believe it's
the right move they're not going to make a move nothing's going to happen they're going to stick
with the same goaltending they're going to fizzle out they're kind of on a slide again it's just
these ups and it's a fucking long way though biz and i'm listen i love the sabers i love what they're
doing but i i would be ready right now to read their obituary i think that they're not making
playoffs i'm not being negative i just don't think that they're going to make a move and as a result
the east is just a fucking juggernaut so doesn't matter isn't that all the reason to not make the
move though biz if the east is such a juggernaut, it's like, they're not going to win the cup.
So they shouldn't mortgage the future and make,
but you don't,
I'm,
I'm like most Sabres fans right now.
I've been hybrid.
You just want it.
You just so long.
I'm just my,
I'm carrying around the biggest fucking sack in the league and a wheelbarrow
where I haven't busted my nut.
I need to bust my playoff nut,
right?
Exactly.
It's like,
it's like you're,
you're,
you're a fireman and you get sent off in the wooded areas in B.C.
in the summer to fight these fires.
There's no girls around.
You're just with the boys fighting fires.
And you get back and you hit up Duke Saloon in Victoria, B.C.
You have a raging hard-on.
You just want to stick it in something.
Duke Saloon.
I don't know why I went and used that analogy,
but I think that most people from Buffalo will understand
exactly what I'm saying.
We need some fucking playoff boners, all right?
Absolutely, man, absolutely.
I think one question we've been hearing a lot,
not necessarily this year, but the last few years,
when will guys stop going after opponents
who bury their teammate with hard legal hits?
And we're going to go back to the Calgary Rangers game last week.
When people stop complaining about the guys who go after
guys for making clean hits.
Well, maybe after that game,
they'll realize it hurts your team because
the Rangers got a power play. They scored on a power play.
Ended up winning it in overtime. Let's dial
it back a little. Jacob Truba. First
period. Absolutely.
Buries Dylan Duby. Clean hit.
He's immediately approached by Chris Tanev. Ball's on
Tanev, But gets the fight.
He got an extra penalty as well.
Then late in the second, Trouba nails Nazem Khadri, which catches the attention of Duby,
who he already hit.
Then he fights him.
He gets the extra penalty.
I love what Khadri had to say.
He had no issue with the hit.
He said, good hit.
I took it like a man.
Got right back up.
Dusted myself off.
And away you go.
And he actually hit his head on the ice, too, if you watch that replay.
So like I said, Tanoff got the extra two for Ruffin
Doobie got the extra two for Instigator as well
as the 10 minute misconduct but I feel like
Biz maybe this team is going to learn lessons
soon just stop doing it the guy got hit he's a big boy
it's the NHL. So first of all the fact
that we didn't mention this when talking about bolstering
up that decor with picking up
Mikula as the 5'6
the physicality from the back end which is
being much provided this season by Trouba.
Some of these fucking hits he's been throwing,
it's like Scott Stevens of the past.
That was...
And they're clean.
I mean, people say not all of them are clean.
Those two were perfect.
Well, because they put them in slow motion
and they watch them over and over and over.
No, real time.
And then you also, much like in the Super Bowl,
you have the guy on the receiving end of it.
Say, clean hit.
Now, R.A., in real time and in this game, yes, it cost the Calgary Flames.
They ended up going on the man disadvantage.
They get scored on.
But I think overall picture, you need your team galvanizing in situations like this
to tell me if the guys in the locker room truly do care about each other I would have way more
of a problem as a head coach if that would happen to one of my star players and there was no response
and the fact that these guys didn't think twice about it both times makes me partly regret hopping off the
Calgary Flames bandwagon. Now, is there still time to hop back on? Yes, there's still time to hop
back on, but I have to make ultimately a bigger decision. But going back to this game, this was a
throwback style game. I think that hockey would thrive if there was more of this type of game
from night to night. You need the violence.
You need guys like Trouba throwing these monster hits.
They create chaos, and it ensues every time,
the way that most teams care about each other in the locker room.
Now, would you agree with me, Witt?
Because oftentimes now you see the fan go,
why does he have to answer the bell if it was a clean hit?
It has nothing to do with that.
It has nothing to do.
It's seeing your brother, it's seeing your teammate get run over you have to answer the bell if it was a clean hit. It has nothing to do with that. It has nothing to do.
It's seeing your brother, it's seeing your teammate get run over,
and it's you just showing that we're not going to stand for it.
And a lot of times there's many coaches who say if you take a penalty,
you take a penalty.
That's sticking up for a teammate.
Maybe a horrible analogy, it's like your buddy's in a bar fight.
You can not hop in because of the chance you get arrested.
It's just like this is your friend.
This is the guy that you spend more time with than your family,
and he got run over.
Yes, clean, but it's not going to go down the way you thought it was going to go down.
And that's how guys look at it.
It's just forever a thing to back up your teammate.
Now, in the playoffs, it's a totally different story.
Yes.
Third period tie game, you can't do anything. But in the regular season, it's a totally different story. Yes. Right? Third period tie game, you can't do anything.
But in the regular season, it's just a different ball game.
And maybe something that like people who never played the game, I hate being the guy.
You never played the game.
You don't get it.
But maybe you just don't really understand what it's like to see a teammate get run over. And for anyone wondering, as a player, when you see something like that happen and you see nobody from the team go over and do anything,
that is a way bigger indictment on the group that you have as opposed to a guy who goes over and takes a penalty and ends up giving up a shorthanded goal.
It's one of those things like you come in the room.
Hey, it's all right, bud.
We'll kill that penalty for you.
We're always going to take care of you.
You're sticking up for one of our guys.
We'll kill that penalty for you. We're always going to take care of you. You're sticking up for one of our guys. We'll kill that one for you.
This time they didn't.
They ended up losing an OT in what was definitely the game of the year in the NHL.
Unbelievable action, unbelievable physicality, like Biz said.
But I know people don't understand it because it's a clean hit.
Why are you doing anything?
Well, I just saw my buddy get run over and hit his head on the ice.
I don't really care if it was a clean hit or not.
And I'm going to try to remind the team we're playing against that we're one unit and that we're always going to stick together and
stick up for one another. It is definitely one of those things where it's confusing to people who
maybe never played or completely disagree with what I'm saying. But somebody who's kind of been
through it, I think I had five NHL fights and all of them were based on a guy who got hit.
Some of them clean, most of them clean. You know know you just go in there and you're like that's my guy and so it isn't it is an awkward thing because i like your analogy understand it it's
hard to kind of describe what i'm saying i like the bar fight analogy but like in the same breath
if you have a teammate who is constantly skating around the ice with his head down yeah that's in
one season he just so happens to get rocked eight times maybe on the eighth time
it's like hey go get bring out the shovels get this guy out of here i'm done getting my nose
broken for him just keep your fucking head up here just like the buddy at the bar who's just
yapping starting shit wanting to get in scraps every night so i took a helmet throw though
against chicago a few months ago talk about. Talk about an absolute turnaround, right?
And I could sound stupid in saying that changed their season.
Well, sometimes things like that do.
And when your captain and your leader flips out and says,
wake the fuck up, and then your team does over the course of the next 35 games,
there's something to be said for that.
That guy's playing some hockey.
The human torpedo. Guys, that was awesome insight, for real. That guy's playing some hockey. The human torpedo.
Guys, that was awesome insight, for real.
That was good shit, man.
I'm sure the people will appreciate hearing a take from a guy who fought for a living
and a guy who didn't fight for a living.
You ever been in a bar fight, R.A.?
Yeah.
I mean, I wasn't probably one of the principals.
Yeah, Sully's across the street.
Me and my boys had a scrap on a few yups fucking 20-something years ago.
How'd you do?
I don't know what they were thinking.
They were outnumbered.
No, they were outnumbered.
Two guys, they started trouble at locals,
which is just a bad move in a fucking neighborhood like this.
And we never started trouble there.
There were five of us, two of them.
I threw one punch.
I didn't need to give them the Jimmy Conway stomp like in Goodfellas.
We all got outside covered in blood.
None of us were bleeding.
A few of us got barred from the bar.
I threw one shot.
I ended up smoking.
I think it was meth with him.
It was good.
They were good shits.
Nah, it's one I won't touch for Christ's sake.
Let's see.
John Tortorella allegedly sent a letter to season ticket holders last week.
It was like a progress report from a teacher at school.
I thought it looked like.
Dear fans, I'm writing you from my underground lair
where I'm beating off with clips of guys dumping pucks in
and starting scrums in front of the net.
I want to apologize from the deepest sympathies of my heart
about the performance that these losers that I'm coaching
have put on the ice.
The only thing slapping lipstick on a pig this season
is our goaltender Carter Hart,
or as R.A. would like to call him, Cat-a-hat.
I just want you to let you know that
after getting kicked in the face by another horse on my ranch,
that I've come up with such wisdom
to write this letter to you to apologize.
And I'm done now.
I love the line, now I'm not going to lie to you,
and I want to be clear about this, we're not there yet.
You think?
I'm not going to lie to you guys, my dog's getting smarter,
but he still has been eating his own shit.
Just a reminder.
I tell you what.
He can sit.
But does he have some shitty breath?
At the bottom, it says this email was not sent on an Apple iPad.
Yeah.
You think that was Torts' idea?
No.
Do you think he wrote it?
I think he wrote it in an old feathered pen.
Dipping his will.
He's been in the ink.
In the company's ink.
I mean, he obviously signed off on it.
And I guess it's a nice thing to do at the end of the day.
Just say, hey, I'm seeing some progress here.
Although people might not think so.
But yeah, for Torts, he's the last guy I would expect to have his name on a letter like that.
I don't know.
I guess fans appreciate it.
Well, you remember he made Hazy write it.
He's a hazy.
He's the AI app to write it.
Yeah.
Oh, yeah.
You keep laughing.
That's what's fucking taking over the world.
We're done.
We are done.
I'm going to be living on a little tin.
What do you think? A little bunker in jackson hole wyoming fucking chat you and timmy thomas eating spam for the rest of your life yeah
well you motherfuckers on the ice wasn't the only place that violence happened last week uh this
particular dallas fan showed off his mullet for the cameras on tv looking pretty good the minnesota
stars i'm sorry min Minnesota-Dallas game.
Then a little bit later, boom. He's got some
skirmish with a guy way bigger than him.
Had the lower ground. He dropped the
end bomb. I don't know if the guy he was yelling at
was Creed
or whatever he was. The guy hit him
fucking flush in the face. I don't know if he packed everything
in. That kid took a punch, I will say.
He got up. Then the guy just held him down, calling him
a little boy, little boy.
How did his night take a 180?
The guy's girl came in the mix.
Yeah.
Mullet Boy's girlfriend came throwing hammers.
You know, senior teammate get hit.
What are we saying?
Senior lover get hit.
Mullet Boy looked like he's been taking punches since he came out of the womb, though.
Let's be honest.
He looked so dumb.
His face was just like a dumb face.
He looked like he worked in Heisenberg's RV.
No?
No, 100.
He looks like he's been cooking meth.
Jesse Pinkman's assistant.
Yeah, exactly.
Fucking Wadadges boys.
But that's why you always want the higher ground.
Now, I'm still shocked at the amount of fights
that happen in fans. i don't understand how
people can just go to sporting events and act the way that and spend the money to go there
and they get the boot for fighting so i will say i tried watching the video over and over the sound
is a little bit muffled people did say that he dropped the n-bomb and that's why the guy
suckered him was that the case did you
hear it in the video 100 confirmed g he said it 100 confirmed it was just he was running his mouth
saying a bunch of shit it was clearly a drunk kid who was just going at this older guy with
that dad strength and that just goes back to you never fuck with got these older guys because they
still have dad strength you know what i mean you're like this guy might be out of shape he
might be 55 years old but that guy's seen some fucking shit in his. You know what I mean? You're like, this guy might be out of shape. He might be 55 years old,
but that guy's seen some fucking shit in his day.
You know what I mean?
And the fact that you say, not only that,
but when you say that, man,
sometimes when you say it in public,
you're not just dealing with the guy
that you were getting in the argument with now.
You're going to start seeing some punches
come from places that you didn't expect.
It's just like when sometimes you see these idiots online
when a girl smacks
them, they just like clock them back
in public. And then next thing you know, it's a
12-on-1 gong show like R.A.
doing at the bar across the street
from them curb stomping people.
Yeah, many moons ago.
It was amazing that the kid got on TNT
or wherever the broadcast showed up.
That was at the beginning of the game walking
in. Let's just remind people.
Yeah, not good.
One other note here.
You guys mentioned Phoenix Copley earlier from the Kings.
They just signed him to a one-year extension worth, let's see, 825 a year.
I don't know.
It feels almost like a thank you note.
The guys kind of bounced around the minus for a bit because he kind of,
I guess he kept them afloat during this last little stretch here.
So pretty nice for him to deal with.
I think it's a perfect mental relief where it's like, hey, man,
going into next season, you're taken care of.
Let's just worry about bringing this one home.
Love the move by Rob Blake.
And the fact that in the first part of the podcast,
I didn't give him a double wrister.
What he's done over the past few years in order to rejuvenate this team
and figure out what to do
at the end of Kopitar and Dowdy's uh tenors or careers with the LA Kings because they're they're
they're far into the back nine here right I don't know how many years these guys have left but to
rejuvenate these team with some young legs and then continue to find these these diamonds in the rough
double cranker.
Put the mascara on, man.
We're going fucking deep space nine right now.
I want to know what's in your fucking closet, man.
Let's see.
Frank Cerevelli reported that former Boston mayor Marty Walsh will be formally installed as the next executive director of the NHLPA.
installed as the next executive director of the NHLPA.
The 55-year-old Dorchester native was presented by the NHLPA's search committee as the top choice during a recent e-board meeting.
He's going to make 3 million for the gig.
He'll be allowed to live in Boston.
He won't have to move to Toronto where the headquarters is located.
But one quote jumped out at me from Frank's article.
It said that players  well, let's see.
Walsh will attempt to cajole interest in a union membership that has been mostly apathetic during fair's time.
Like, when you guys played, did you think the union was apathetic?
I know it wasn't under fair, but, like, is the union, I don't know,
what do you think he means by that, I guess, apathetic?
I was under fair for a little bit.
I'll say that, and it's kind of natural, when you come into the NHL,
it's like the last thing on your mind, right?
You're a young kid, you're playing in the NHL, it's like the last thing on your mind, right? You're a young kid.
You're playing in the NHL.
It's your dream come true.
All this stuff is taken care of for you.
You don't really care.
And I shouldn't speak for everyone, but most guys, they don't even know what's going on.
And then you realize as you get older, and unfortunately you realize when you retire how much it actually matters that the leadership community and group
of the nhlpa matters so much in terms of where this league goes not only day to day but year to
year and for the future of all the guys and all the guys who will play after you and all the guys
who've already been before you so it's one of those things it's like what is it ra youth's wasted on
the young where you don't even understand or or or really care to understand what's going on?
Because it doesn't affect you in your mind. But as you become older, you realize how much it does.
Now, in terms of Marty Walsh, it's like I hate politicians.
They're such scumbags, empty suits that talk out of both sides of their mouth.
I don't know Marty Walsh, but if you're going to tell a guy that can get out of Washington making 250,000 a year that he can make 3 million to move home and then be involved in a players association where he's definitely a hockey fan, I've heard, that that's a dream gig.
Now, it's very weird to me, though, that they ended up deciding a guy without a law degree.
I'm going to guess that's the first guy that's ever done this that doesn't have a law degree.
I don't know.
Now, what we'll say is he's had a longstanding run of dealing with unions, right?
All right.
Was that kind of his thing in Boston?
Unions were his thing before being mayor and after.
And you're right.
He's the first guy to not have a legal background in this job.
So they've got to hope that when this CBA ends in 2026, this is the guy who's able to kind of figure out
and help the players union.
I would say is their number one goal biz getting the cap
to be able to be adjusted a little bit in terms of not having to be flat?
I don't really know right now.
Yeah, it's such a long discussion.
I'm glad we're having it.
We might end up going another 10, 15 minutes on this topic
because it branches out into so much.
It's like from a fan standpoint who's listening they might be like well like what aren't the players
getting that they they need and and like is 11 million 12 million dollars a year for Nathan
McKinnon not enough and I guess comparatively to other sports and where they think that the players
are being held back financially is in some of the writing of the CBA, right?
You can only make up to, I believe it's 20 of your team's salary cap.
While the salary cap is a hard cap because it was sold on a bill of goods
that they wanted to make the league competitive,
which I believe that it has.
But in a lot of ways, though, it also has taken away
from a lot of the headline action as you're seeing in basketball.
Like Kevin Durant got traded the other day because the team was able to make it possible because they have a soft cap situation.
So for all these franchises where their values continue to grow and grow and grow,
and all of a sudden you're dangling these little carrots where these players are able to get bumped up like, you know, a million dollars per year for a guy like McDavid over the span of a five-year period
where like that 20 would be a certain number.
And fans would be like, well, I root for the team, not the player.
And I'm like, I don't know.
Did Mark Messier and Mike Richter or Brian Leach bring you those memories
as a Ranger fan or did fucking the Dolan family.
They're creating these  the players are creating these amazing moments
for these organizations that are valued at billions of dollars.
So what I think and the approach from the players
and especially the ones who are going to be the ones to be compensated the most,
the McDavidss the guys who care also about making that much money i would say that
based on the deal that marner and matthews took they care about getting what they they think that
they're worth right is that is that a fair a fair statement so it's it's evident that in my opinion
these guys would want a soft cap to where all of a sudden, come trade deadline, they're not really stuck in these situations they don't want to be.
But I also think that there's things that the players can give back in order to maybe get what they want.
Eight years, I think that's too long.
I would be okay with a maximum length of a six-year contract where you could do a five with going to sign as a free agent.
And then that number can obviously grow
because it's a soft cap situation
where that team worth,
if the New York Rangers also wanted to add Patrick Kane right now,
they could go do it.
And then pay what you're over the tax.
It's like luxury tax.
And then that can go to the rest of the owners.
Go to the bottom feeders.
Nobody's forcing you to spend it. If you're saying that they're forcing you rest of the owners going to bottom feeders nobody's forcing you to
spend it if if if you're saying that they're forcing you to spend it in order to compete
it's like you want me to fucking you want to boo for me you're worth fucking three billion you
fucking donkeys what are you talking about if you're the rangers right or if you're the detroit
red wings it doesn't matter like look at the franchise values i'm not and and and once again
if it ain't your window to go spend over what the cap is don't do it so i think it's hindering a lot
of like big deal movement which grabs headlines i think it prevents the star players from being
compensated for for what they're worth and i think that the other thing is the escrow uh a couple of
people tried to explain to me how it actually works and what it actually means i think that the other thing is the escrow. A couple of the people tried to explain to me how it actually works
and what it actually means.
I think that it should be ridden of and it shouldn't exist.
And get rid of the fucking word, if I'm being real honest.
Because it just makes things more complicated
where the players have to give back if certain numbers aren't met.
It's like, no, you worry about the logistic and what.
Because half these people own the companies where the booze is being sold in the rink. back if certain numbers aren't met it's like no you worry about the logistic and what because half
these half these people own the companies where the booze is being sold in the rink and and and
in toronto they're they're forcing you to buy concert tickets and other sporting events tickets
if you want to buy the lease ticket so there's other ways that these these you know the these
organizations are clawing back and making their money.
So do I think that the players are starving by any means?
No.
But I think at this point with the last three lockouts and how they've gone and how much have been clawed back from the players, I think it's time for a win for the players.
And talk about revenue from the the best first best possibility and when do
those players start getting a say in what's happening with that well that's like why is it
bet meaning and the order owners deciding that it should be all those collective star players
getting together and saying we're standing together and we're gonna say and they they can
also speak on the mic not just all stand behind the guy.
If you're the one fucking wanting to get paid,
like if I'm Austin Matthews, I'm fucking saying,
yeah, give me the fucking mic.
I just fucking tucked 60-something goals in Toronto
in the biggest market.
Hop on my back and they're fucking making billions.
Yeah, soft cap.
Let's go here.
That's kind of what I meant to say in terms of like retiring
and realizing how much the
pa means to these guys and not necessarily understanding until you're older and done
playing it's like they need to be on the same page so much especially going into a labor
decision in 2026 in terms of like even though the younger guys don't really want to be involved and
they got better things to do with their time in their mind and they got more money they can ever spend, it's like you got to be more invested into what's going to happen within this league and within this players association because it's only going to benefit the guys that are currently playing and the guys after you.
meetings and they don't ever want to be involved in being a player rep and all these things.
And it's like the more guys you can get that do care and do want to be involved in that stuff,
the more success the players are going to have in negotiations because it's a united front.
Now, in terms of Marty Walsh, there's been some rumblings in terms of when he was running for mayor in Boston all those years, Jeremy Jacobs donated to him while he's the owner of the
Bruins. So it's like, and then John Henry donated to him and he's now the owner of the Penguins. Now he did mention it was inevitable in terms of running for mayor, being mayor of the
city of Boston, that you're going to end up kind of doing business with guys like that.
So I guess I could understand that, but more than anything, I just hope that the players are all
united on this because it's something where you think it doesn't matter and you think you're all
set. And then all of a sudden you't matter and you think you're all set,
and then all of a sudden you're older and you're like,
God damn it, I would have done things a little differently.
I mean, I'm not going to lie to you.
That lockout year, I went to some meetings in New York City.
We all went just so we could rip it up in New York City for three nights.
Everyone's sitting there hungover at the meeting at Donald Fair and other people are trying to explain.
And then you see the guys around the league.
I know Ron Hainty's really involved.
He always has been a real smart guy.
It's like, oh, my God, now I know why those guys were so intently listening
and so interested in what was going on because they weren't being loser drunks
like me and the rest of the fellows that were just looking to rip it up.
I was just happy to be there.
You weren't even invited.
No, no, shut up.
I went to the meetings while I went to the hotels
and took part in the drinking and got the Coles notes.
What goes into the process of becoming a player rep?
Can anyone on any team do it,
or do you have to kind of be elected by your peers or your teammates?
I mean, usually you go to the guy who's at least got a college diploma
or a college degree.
Usually the university guys with a little bit more maturity who actually had to have the responsibility of showing up to class.
I don't want any of this conversation to  we'll keep answering that question.
The fans are sitting here listening because that's who supports the product and the reason these guys are able to make what they make.
And you guys are probably being like, like well what the fuck do we win you guys are just going to keep
jacking up ticket prices and you want to bring your kid to a game in edmonton and getting the
hot dog and hamburger and popcorn is going to be 75 bucks with a beer i don't think that that's
going to change i don't think any if the players got locked out and then they even got a little
bit more fat trimmed off their salaries,
I still think it's still going up.
So I guess you've got to ask yourself as a fan, am I supporting these players who are essentially millionaires
or am I supporting these billionaires?
I think fans should support a soft cap.
I don't know why they wouldn't, Biz.
It's more fun for the league.
Your team that's out of it
could make a big trade
just like the Phoenix Suns
and then you get Kevin Durant
and you're back in it.
It's like with the soft cap,
these five, six year rebuilds,
they don't, that's not going to happen.
It's going to be a lot quicker.
There you go.
And that's ultimately
what it comes down to
is you can go from having
not a very good team
to a good team
and it just becomes,
you know, it becomes a little bit more of a free-for to a good team and it just becomes, you know,
it becomes a little bit more of a free-for-all and more fun.
I just, R.A., do you agree with the lengths of contracts?
And I think that that lack of commitment in owners having to-
That hurts players a little bit, though.
Yes, it hurts players, but for the star players,
it gets them faster to that next bigger contract.
I know, also it's just
that all that that everlasting thought of like if i get injured and i never play again it's like
well buddy i know but it's just like if if you're if you're a type of guy who's getting a six-year
deal you're probably getting a you know two three million minimum guaranteed in those deals if not
crazier than that i mean you got to be able
to fucking manage your money i don't know so i don't that's where i can't feel sorry for you
where it's like well if you do want softer caps in the league to grow and then overall salaries
and even that baseline for league minimum and maybe on top of that um it's better health care
for when guys retire like they're still chipping away at those little things too
that I think eventually matter most.
And especially for those guys who aren't the star players.
So I think if you're like,
there's a reason that Austin Matthews signed a five-year deal
because he fucking timed it perfectly.
He got the max of what he could have got then.
And now all of a sudden, boom, he's up.
And guess what's happening?
The cap's going to go up another 5 million. I mean that's why that's why no one signs long deals in the
nba they sign one two three year deals so they can well you have to get more money so they i feel
like the nba is a little bit more advanced than that and exactly everything we just said and
talked about they do whereas you're not going to get but in the same breath you needed those voices from
the star players which exactly to compare the different i think there's a happy median here
to be met as a part as far as making it a complete free-for-all or organized chaos as i like to call
it so i know we've went deep on this and I just wanted to make sure I covered the fans perspective
is like you guys feel like
you're always the ones getting screwed
by either there being no hockey on
or prices being jacked up.
Well, I think the prices
are being jacked up regardless.
And I do think that more and more
of these kids are siphoning on the internet
and seeing what these other athletes
and sports people are doing
and trying to emulate what they're doing and they're getting smarter and evolving most like most kids who have
access to the internet so i think that we're going to see a shift in the players side this
this next cba just to answer your question i don't see the eight-year thing as like a pressing need
i mean i'm sure you can argue with the sides i don't think it's a huge deal and i never understand
fans who side with owners
in any situation. I don't get that at all.
I'll never get that. Because they look at the athletes who
sometimes drive them crazy because they see
them 82 times a year and they get so
frustrated with how much money they're making. And
you almost forget about the Wizard of Oz behind
the curtain who's the reason that you can't even
afford to bring your family to a fucking hockey
game. Yeah, it is expensive as hell.
Another topic. Great job
guys, really. This is like you kind of... Let's hope
Marty Walsh can unite them and
figure out a way
to kind of get these guys
as one unit in
terms of going into this next negotiation.
And if there's another fucking lockout, I'm
quitting this podcast. That'll plan.
He said he needs braces.
That's for Simpsons fans in the audience.
I know you guys don't watch the show.
You know, we've talked about dad strips, mom strips before,
but the Bruins are having a sibling strip that's going to hit Dallas
and Nashville this week.
Have you guys ever heard of a sibling strip?
She packed the rubbers.
You got to see the picture of A.J. Greer's brother that is walking out
on the tarmac with him.
They're going to Nashville.
I'll say this.
One thing.
He looks like a beauty.
Second thing.
He looks like he's going to misbehave the fuck out of himself in Nashville.
And I can't imagine these brothers ripping it up.
I believe they had Brad Marchand's brother on saying that he's a big time poet.
Brad Marchand.
I don't know if he was completely trolling.
Knowing it's a Marchand, he might have been kidding,
but he said Marchand's into poetry,
writes poetry, and is a big Shakespeare
fan. He had to be kidding, right?
Some of their hogs are going to look like my voice sounds
by the end of that trip.
He was deadpan. Boys, I said siblings, not
brothers, because there are some sisters on the trip,
which creates a question. Oh, shit, never mind.
Take what I said back.
Actually, gee, I'll go to you. You got, what, how many brothers? Three? I got three brothers, yes. Never mind. Take what I said back. Take it back. Here for the gang back? Actually, G, I'll go to you.
You got what?
How many brothers?
Three?
I got three brothers, yes.
Like, if you picked one, are the other two going to be pissed?
Like, how's that going to change?
Oh, my God.
Absolutely.
That's been the story of the Grinnell family for four years.
We had Bruin season tickets.
Just imagine trying to weasel down four brothers into two tickets.
The only way of doing it is, I believe, it's like a draw sticks thing.
I got two brothers.
We've always done it.
You got three.
It's like if you're close with all of them, which I hope everyone out there is, it's one of those things.
You guys got to figure this out on your own through some sort of competition or whatever.
Because to just blatantly pick one guy, unless it's your twin brother or sister, which maybe makes a little more sense,
that is a forever, forever grudge that will be held family-wise.
Open to bribes, though, too.
I would take a bribe from my brother real quick.
Have a gift off.
Exactly.
All right, boys.
We're going to wrap up here shortly.
Don't forget, we will be in Raleigh this weekend if the airline industry doesn't screw us once again.
Grinnell, we're going to be at Teets Friday from 5.30 to 7.00.
Teets, Pataglia's Bar. Okay, nice.
4.25, Glenwood Ave
in Raleigh. And then Friday night,
boys, we're going to see Hootie and the Blowfish.
Shout out to guitarist Mark
Bryan. He just dropped a new single titled
Make It Right. And he and his son Kenny, they're going to
be playing this Sunday in Washington
D.C. at the O Museum in the
Mansion. So if you're around in D.C. this weekend, check them out Sunday night.
I can't wait for this weekend, boys.
Like I said, assuming they get us there on the planes.
Drake last weekend, Hootie and the Bullfish this weekend.
I'm on a concert high right now, boys.
Oh, you had to squeeze that in, didn't you?
I was trying to.
So Pasha got you into Drake at Super Bowl.
Me and Pasha got to see Drake in an
airport hangar with
yeah, it was pretty cool. It was a pretty cool
event. Pasha, I just want to talk to you.
I'm gloating about it.
Shout out our boy Caleb Presley
who got his last Sunday conversation
of the year with Drake and Drake's son
I believe as well. So that was a great one to
finish the year off in style.
I had a tough moment in there, boys, though.
Real tough one.
So we got VIP passes to the Drake show.
Pasha, we got in the spot where all the tables are, right?
But we didn't have a table.
So at this point, we're just trying to like mooch off people's tables.
Me and Pasha get separated.
I see Will Compton in there.
I see Will Compton and Taylor.
They're with a bunch of NFL guys.
I go up to their table, say hello.
How you guys doing?
You know, within two, three minutes, I'm standing there by myself, just solo dolo, just looking like, who the fuck's this loser?
And these are big NFL players.
So, like, I was clearly just, like, out of the loop.
And I see Shane Gillis, that hilarious comedian's just standing there
uh he's kind of talking to someone and i panic so i look at him right away and i go
shane huge fan and i go to shake him shake his hand knock his beer all over at this point now
i'm not i'm the guy who's not only not talking to anyone i've just spilled shane gillis's beer
all over him at the Drake show.
It was a tough moment.
Just put my head down.
I think I just beelined it right out of there.
But, yeah, Drake was great.
Do you get a little nervous around celebrities?
Like, who was the other guy you asked for his autograph and he pigeon-tossed you?
The guy from The Office.
Oh, yeah.
What the fuck?
BJ Novak.
I think I'm pretty good with celebrities. I think you guys have kind of taught me well
I usually keep my distance
This was a situation where I just
I panicked I had no one to talk to
I didn't know where Pasha was
I was rolling solo in this group
I mean at this table
So yeah it was a tough look for me though boys
It was embarrassing
Aside from the fucking
What a nerd
That Mrs. Lincoln how was the show?
Yikes.
Boys, any final notes before we wrap up?
No, I mean, you mentioned the Caleb Presley interview with Drake.
Barstool set up an incredible weekend at Super Bowl.
Well, week, the full week.
We're very blessed to work with a company
who has so many talented people working for it
in front of the cameras, behind the cameras,
and they've done a lot for us.
So just a massive, massive thank you for everything.
And I guess we could save it until next podcast,
but Lou Lamarillo sent another one of his goons,
this time his son, over to us at one of our appearances,
and I got a threat from him.
I might need a full security team at the NYPD game.
Did you meet him?
Did you meet him?
When I met him, I didn't know it was his son.
And then you're like, this is Lamarillo's son.
I was like, what? I just met the guy.
I was like, oh my God.
He had jaws from 007,
the big mutant behind him,
basically threatening me too.
It was a message from Butch Goring and Lou Lamarillo.
So not only do I got a fucking 73-year-old goon on me,
I got Lou Lamarillo's kid coming up to me at one of our appearances
and grabbing me by the face and saying,
this is a message from the old man.
He sends his best.
If you need security in Long Island,
why don't you just call the kid from the last meet and greet
That just took over the whole show and ran our show
Oh wow
Okay we gotta talk about this
Great reminding us Grinnelli
Let me start with one thing about this
All time checklist moment
Incredible moment
All I'll say is that I walked into our meet and greet
At Bo's Pub
All Star Game Day
And A guy came up to me pink Whitney t-shirt Walked into our meet and greet at Bo's Pub, All-Star Game Day.
And a guy came up to me, pink Whitney t-shirt.
Hey, what's going on?
I'm GM of the bar.
And he proceeded to do God's work.
I'm telling you, with all the meet and greets we've done, none was better set up than this.
All because of this guy.
Got you this section over here.
What do you need, Ryan? Right over there. That's an area you guys can go outside Got you this section over here. What do you need, Ryan?
Right over there, that's an area you guys can go outside and chill for a couple minutes.
What do you need to drink?
Lion's going to be coming here.
He's then telling Merles, Merles, why don't you go over and talk to some fans in line? They might not get here before the meet and greet time ends.
He is bombing around, and I'm like, God damn.
This guy, this guy, he's the best in the business.
Well, come to find out, he's best in the business. All right.
Best in the business at fool and witty and the rest of us idiots. Cause this dude's a crazy,
crazy human being. All right. I'll take it from there. Well, I overheard your conversation.
Actually Grinnell, you tell your side of it. And then I'll say when I was like, wait a minute,
I think I know the guy you're talking about. He gave me his business card.
Grinnelli, take it away.
Yeah, I mean, this kid was incredible all night.
Moved the line along, moved the line along, moved the line along.
But at the end of the meet and greet, one of the girls that works with us is like,
Hey, Mike, I really got to talk to you about something serious.
This is really important.
I go, I just got to go to the bathroom real quick.
Just let me run to the bathroom.
Then we can chat about whatever it is.
So I'm down in the bathroom taking a piss.
I turn around.
This kid, this kid is right there. The kid who was the GM of the bar or the GM of the bar was right there. And he just looks at me and goes, man, I lied about everything. And I'm like, what?
Like what? And he goes, man, if they see me in here talking to you, they're going to kick me
right out of here. Like, I'm just letting you know that now. And I'm like, oh my God, I think this guy's going to kill me. I have no fucking clue what's going on right
now. And he's like, I lied about everything. I told the bar, I work for Barstool. I told Barstool,
I work for the bar. But I got here at 9am this morning. I made sure everyone was in Pink Whitney
shirts. I was behind the bar making drinks. I was bussing drinks. When Witt's in-laws got here,
I went out and got them.
He gave me a full list of everything that happened. And as we're walking out of the bathroom talking,
everyone came down that was going to get him. And he's like, I got to go. I got to go. I can't.
I can't. They're going to get me. They're going to get me. This is so bad. I'm so sorry. I
apologize for everything. But let me have your email and I'll email you my resume. Email me
his resume. Impressive resume, to say the least but yeah half of it's i'm sure it was true though yeah i will
never believe a word this kid says but it was just a crazy page email of his resume of stuff that
people who are confused this lunatic is a chick let's die hard this is why we love you guys and
he fucking came from Long Island down there
with one mission in mind.
You haven't heard this? I know I did. I didn't know
we came down from Long Island.
And he came down to
prove to us what he could do for us.
And he went into that bar at
9 a.m., told them he was
representing us, told them what
to do, how to get ready. By the
way, he did a great job.
He had all the waitresses in pink Whitney shirts.
He was doing everything you could ever ask for.
Not one of them were wearing a pink Whitney shirt.
By the time he was done telling all of them, they were all lined up, ready to go, endorsing pink Whitney, all dolled up.
He had the line.
Leonardo DiCaprio from that movie.
What's that called?
Catch Me If You Can. Catch Me If You Can. He's ChickletCaprio from that movie. What's that called? Catch Me If You Can.
Catch Me If You Can.
He's Chicklet if you can.
It's like he actually faked everything to have everyone convinced that he was working for the other side in which you wouldn't even know who worked for them.
And now I don't know.
Do we have to hire this guy?
I think we got to hire him.
He's either going to bring us to the moon or he's going to slit our throats.
I just don't know which way it's going to go.
But it's hard to find good help, so we're going to give him a try.
Hell of an audition.
He nailed the audition.
And when we say this.
He nailed the audition.
He was the hardest working person there.
And you guys are probably wondering, well, how the hell do you know about it?
He came out to me outside and told me the exact same story that he told Grinnell,
but that's probably when he was like making his full exit.
He gave me a business card from the bar,
but it was his name written on somebody else's business card.
Not one piece of information on the business card was his,
just his fucking name.
So this guy's an anomaly.
I don't know if he's the smartest or stupidest guy in the world,
but I respect his hustle.
He might be our latest Chicklets employee
hire. The following efforts were completed
with zero direction from management at
Bo's Pub. One, recommend all
front of house staff wear Chicklets attire.
Two, place Pink Whitney drink special
and pink fork and knife roll-ups on every
table facing the door to ensure positive
optics. Three, move tables and chairs
to create a more welcoming dining room downstairs.
Four, choose appropriate Pink Whitney logo
to be displayed on TV screens.
Five, man the door and deny access
to those trying to enter the restaurant prematurely.
You drove from Long Island to fucking be here
and you're dogging people.
Six, swing in the line from the neighboring businesses.
Seven, offer to hold a pre-event meeting with staff to get everyone on the same page.
Eight, Leslie Grossman, Bo's pub director of sales and events,
quickly realized they were understaffed, so I helped her seat incoming guests.
Nine, recommend to Leslie she shut down open table reservation platform
because the app allowed people to make reservations upstairs,
and that's where we'd be holding our event.
Ten, run cups of water to tables and take drink orders.
That's a busboy.
11, manage crowd control in line
as the VIP group started to enter the event.
12, maintain visual of wait list
and request more staff to be called in.
The list goes on.
I think he gave 21 different things.
Fucking John Taffa.
It's just an unbelievable story.
I have his name here on the card that he that he gave me it's joshua chat gpd
this guy is the human version he's a fucking robot 19 i told you he was coming to take your jobs
this is chat gpd this is the future you're fucked kids 19 19. Ordered Uber XL for departure at 2.15 p.m.
because I checked the traffic and knew the guys had to leave for a 3 p.m. arrival to the arena.
Then he writes us all notes.
Wit.
The only father of the podcast.
You never got a chance to play in front of your kids.
A common question you ask guys on the pod.
How's it feel having your kids around the locker room to watch you do what you do?
Ask Jordan Eberle how it feels.
And when you do, ask his wife how much of a help I was in the family room over the years.
As the pod grows, so do kids.
No shit, bud.
Chicklets is going to continue to be needed around North America and maybe overseas.
You never know.
You might want to bring your family along to enjoy these moments with you.
You and your son against Sean Avery and his son in a sandbagger.
We have no idea what the future holds,
but I can tell you that I'll be there to slit your throat
when you do piss me off finally.
If I'm completely wrong about this,
I hope you can at least agree to the previously mentioned points I've made.
And he wrote all of us little notes.
It's a wild story.
I want to hear mine.
I haven't read mine.
Read our A's.
Come on, read our A's.
Our A's.
Brian, we had a great chat walking around the arena
looking for yans on Friday.
I have tremendous respect for you as the journalist of the pod.
Would love to show you some of the pieces I've been working on over the years.
Biz, in quotations, you got to be the bad guy.
I've been the good guy for way too long.
I've been bent over backwards, no spit, no lube, sandpaper finished by too many companies,
organization, and people I considered family.
I am willing, able, and honestly I considered family. I am willing,
able, and honestly ready to be the bad guy for once. I don't know if that's a good
thing for all events moving forward.
I can be that much needed bad guy.
I don't want to be on camera, and I
certainly don't want to steal the spotlight. You've
stole the spotlight, bud. During
the pod, RA drives the bus. During
an event, you need a glue guy, a locker
room guy. Same as you were on
the ox for sid one who isn't afraid to block shots and take down the other team's tough guy when
they're running around like a donkey someone who knows when to get security involved yeah like when
you show up not some dude in a back black polo who claims their security and is hung over from
last night's efforts of trying to wheel the bartender even even though she's reminded him countless times she has a boyfriend.
I've been working guest services in large-scale events for the past decade.
These things happen.
They happen every day and everywhere.
There's no avoiding them, especially when alcohol is involved.
And boys, let's be honest.
You just launched two major alcohol brands.
However, by injecting me into the mix, a lot of it can be prevented, avoided,
and you'll ultimately be protected under my supervision.
Hey, if Pink Whitney doesn't hire him, I'm hiring him for Big Deal Brewing.
This guy is amazing.
He shouldn't be working security or whatever he's trying to get as a job.
He should be writing novels.
Seriously.
He drove from Long Island, right?
Yes, that's what he told us.
He said he drove from Long Island, right? Yes, that's what he told us. He said he drove from Long Island.
Allegedly.
Just a wild story of, I guess, shooting your shot, but also anyone listening, don't ever fucking do this.
I don't really know how to describe it.
But when you told me in Scottsdale, have you heard this story where I was like, no.
And then you were telling me about the guy.
I was like, oh, yeah, yeah.
I wonder if the GM knew him.
You're like, no, no, no.
That was him.
I would have paid. I would have bet my life savings. I wonder if the GM knew him. You're like, no, no, no. That was him. I would have paid.
I would have bet my life savings that this guy was the GM of that bar.
He had everybody convinced.
The amazing thing Grinelli mentioned was that like I had left to go to the airport.
But at one point, a bartender is like, hey, what's your name again?
And Grinelli is like, in my head, I'm like, why does the bartender not know the GM's name?
But just seeing them all realize they'd all been duped,
I wish I was there to witness it.
I got to go, though, boys.
That's fine, but it's up to Chicklets fans on whether we're hiring this guy.
I think we leave it up to the court of public opinion
to figure out whether we should hire this guy for Chicklets.
So Chicklets fans, we need you.
We love you. We appreciate you sticking around for our silly asses discussing hockey
but it's time to rest up the old leather cheerio boys and for anyone who votes yes
if he kills one of us don't even think you won't be approached to be a representative of court
because that's on you i'm not saying that the vote should be no. Part of me actually really believes it should be yes,
but I'm going to be nervous no matter what we end up deciding.
I'll tell you that for free.
We've put ourselves in quite a predicament here with this lunatic.
You automatically go into doing jury duty if you vote for yes.
You go in like a lottery system for when he slits our throats.
All right, boys.
What a show.
Great episode.
Great seeing you guys again.
Not in person.
And thank you all for listening so much.
We love you very much.
Cane to the Leafs.
And we'll see you in Raleigh.
And hammer the Penguins tonight.
We'll see you next time.
