Hey, Spittin' Chicklets listeners, you can find every episode on Apple Podcasts,
Spotify, or YouTube. Prime members can listen ad-free on Amazon Music.
Hello everybody, welcome to episode 429 of Spittin' Chicklets, presented by Pink Whitney. From our friends at New Amsterdam Vodka, here the Barstool Sports Podcast family.
What is up everyone? The Chicklets boys finished their third roadie of the month.
We got that Southern Hospitality down in Raleigh, great time.
Trade market's starting to heat up but
let's check in with the fellas first let's go to uh biz nasty first yeah what do you say what's
going on you sounded like you you uh opened up for hootie and the blow blowfish with that hello
everybody you sound great for coming off the road you mentioned a lot of road trips in the last six
weeks but they're all over with we're ready for this playoff push tons of teams in the last six weeks, but they're all over with. We're ready for this playoff push. Tons of teams in the East in the mix.
It's fucking insane.
Even more teams than when we talked last time.
And a huge trade.
But as far as me personally, before we dive into the hockey,
I went to Teets on Friday, the Pink Whitney event.
I actually got out of there before the game.
I did not do the tailgate at, what is it, NC State Stadium?
The college stadium.
You, Grinelli, Merlesls mcquade stayed there it looked unbelievable but uh got back got some rest and ready to attack another week with
chiclets we got the tnt broadcast more trade rumors heating up that's all i got throw it over to our
boy g producer mikey grlli, what's going on?
I guy down in Raleigh getting everything done.
What a weekend.
What a weekend in Raleigh.
One of the funnest tailgates I've been a part of, I think, in my entire life.
Me and Merle's got some hilarious man on the street content,
so I'm sure that'll come out soon, too.
We showed up at the perfect time.
It was McQuaid's call.
Show up in the afternoon right when everyone's just that perfect amount of liquor it up to get some good content uh but other than
that i'm i'm ready to talk some rumors with the rumor boys now we'll get to that in a little bit
last but not least the wit dog ryan whitney what were you up to this weekend buddy we missed you
down and on what do you mean what was he up to is his 40th fucking birthday baby happy birthday witty i'm up happy birthday thank you
very much boys jesus 5 19 a.m february 19th 1983 and uh yesterday as we all know or sunday excuse
me you're listening on tuesday was was my my 40th birthday and um you know my wife had asked me like
what do you want to do for your 40th birthday? I was like, I don't care.
Nothing like guys.
The guys don't like their birthdays, right?
No, they don't.
They don't care.
They don't like getting older.
But 40 is a special one.
I was like, nothing, nothing.
She's like, well, maybe we go to Pebble Beach.
We could get some people to go to Pebble Beach.
I'm like, yeah, I'll do that.
But like, I'm the worst planner ever.
And, you know, nothing ended up coming about.
But I'm playing in a very special, my favorite golf
tournament this week, Thursday, Friday, Saturday, it's called the Gasparilla Invitational at Palma
Sia Country Club in Tampa. I'll go into that maybe at the end of the episode, but we came down to
Florida on a brief, flew down with Wyatt on Tuesday and I took Ryder down after school on
Wednesday. And our plan was, you know, we're staying in Fort Lauderdale where my
in-laws have a place at for two months, staying there. And then on Tuesday, our plan was to drive
over to Clearwater where we got like a nice hotel on the beach. It's about 45 minutes from the
course. So we'll stay there for a week and head home, you know, before school starts. This is
school vacation week and really no plans. I mean, my birthday was Sunday, but you know, my wife's
sister and her husband,
very close with Kayla and Steve, their kids are all down. So it's just going to be a fun
family hangout for the birthday. And so Thursday, the plan was kind of confusing with all the names
and the people, but my in-laws' best friends or closest friends, Ed and Kelly, they have a place
just about a mile away from theirs. So we were going to go over. Ed has a beautiful like 40 foot Boston where we're going to go out and then have dinner
Thursday night, first night here. And and so I was kind of excited. But also she's like, we have
to go over at three o'clock. I'm like, why do we have to go over at three o'clock? I want to go
hit golf balls. She's like, we just have to go over. Ed's taking us out on his boat. Can you
just like go over at three o'clock? So like, I'm like, whatever. This is a fucking joke.
My birthday's in three days.
Start acting like a girl where their birthday is like a month long.
Like, why do I have to go at three o'clock?
Whatever.
I'll go over at three o'clock.
So I end up falling asleep in the pool, just like completely vacation style.
She wakes me up.
She's like, hey, we got to get going.
All right, whatever.
So we walk into Ed and Kelly's.
And, you know, I just walked in.
They have a beautiful, like, it's like a 70-inch, one of those frame TVs where it's like an unreal painting,
but it's actually the TV when you put it on.
And I'm looking.
I'm like, this TV is sick, Ed.
And my father-in-law is standing to the right.
And he goes, well, look at the one they have on the wall behind you.
And I look up, and I'm like, what's he talking about?
I'm so stupid.
Standing right next to me is my mom and dad.
So my mom and dad got a place in Estero.
And I was like, oh, my God, like, that's awesome.
I hadn't even thought about they would come over.
I'm like, this is great.
Go out for a nice boat ride and dinner.
My parents are here.
This is awesome.
I give him a big hug.
I'm like, this is great.
This makes it complete, you know.
And so we grab a drink,
whatever. We go outside, walks around the wall, around the outside. My brother from San Francisco
and my other brother who lives in Boston and his wife. I'm like, what? Like, that's when I just
lost it, right? Like, I almost even got like a little emotional because like, you know, you don't
I never get to see Sean and San Fran. I miss him. I wished he lived in Boston and just having him fly all the way across.
I'm like, are you kidding me?
I was like, this is going to be the best night ever now, seeing your brothers.
So give Bree a big hug.
I'm like, you're the best.
This is unbelievable.
So we go to walk on the boat.
Boys, all of a sudden, 30 people, 15 of my best friends and all their wives jump from the top of the boat.
Surprise.
No fucking shit.
I shit myself.
They were like 45, 50 yards away.
I said, who is that, Brigos?
All your buddies.
I'm like, fuck you.
It's all my buddies.
What?
And everyone, she planned this for about three months.
Everyone like, I swear to to god like i'm not
getting emotional right now i refuse to do it but i have the closest best group of friends you could
ever imagine just truly special people um and to like have all these people be willing to like
spend their time money and energy to come down here to like celebrate my my birthday i was like
are you fucking kidding me?
Now, mind you, I told them all, Mike, if I lived in Michigan in February, I wouldn't see you.
Yeah, you'd come down to Florida to see me, of course.
But just the most amazing three-part surprise I've ever experienced.
And I will say, I even told Bree, I said, I kind of thought to myself, I was like,
ah, it kind of sucks I'm not doing anything for my 40th birthday.
Like, that's all on me because I was like, I don't want to do anything. But then I was like, oh, I'm just going
to turn 40 and that's it. Well, I mean, I have the best wife in the world who put in all this
energy. She made hats. She made koozies. The boat was sick staff with three people. They said they'd
never seen that many high noons drank in one setting. And we went out for a boat, a three
hour ride. You know, we went out hour and a half a half came back in it was like 75 and sunny with no wind and then ed and kelly at their house had a huge
dinner wife my wife had caterers so it's just like it was the best three days of my life
no no doubts about it and and part of it was that
i think i think biz you'll know what i'm saying in that a lot of pro hockey players you
you leave home 15 16 17 you go to junior then you go to college or you go junior and then you go
AHL from Canada and then you go NHL and over time you play in all these different places and a lot
of times we talk about the struggles in retirement and this isn't the same for anyone at all, but not often or not that often do I think guys end up going back and living
where they're from. So you end up retiring. You play for a team for eight years. You retire. You
end up, oh, we've built our roots. Our kids were born in the city I played in. All of a sudden,
you end up being residents. We talk about all the blues alumni. They live in St. Louis.
Scottsdale has so many people.
Well, for me, I always knew I'd move back home.
And part of it was that these friends who came,
these amazing people,
I knew I'd always just go back and be one of the boys with my buddies.
And it honestly made retirement a little easier for me
that I just slid right back into my life
with all my
friends that they'd all been living since we all met when we were 12 years old. So it's like
something where you have these lifelong friends. And I think people out there that have groups of
people like that, they know how meaningful they are. All of our kids are the same age. We're just
so close. We all live close to each other. And I'm just so grateful for these people in my life.
And just to have them
come down, it was amazing. And we got on the boat. It was funny. My wife's like, don't because we I
had had golf lined up for Friday morning with two of the guys that were down there. I knew they were
going to be down there because their in-laws live in Fort Lauderdale as well. But I've been trying
to plan with these guys and they were dogging me. I'm like, hey, when do you guys get to Florida?
They're like, I don't know. I'm like, what are they talking about? Do these guys and they were dogging me i'm like hey when do you guys get to florida they're like i don't know i'm like what are they talking about like do these guys hate me all of a sudden
well finally i agreed like to get them to play golf with me friday morning so in my mind though
i'm a sicko i was like i wonder what's up for golf tomorrow and breeze like don't worry we lined up
36 holes you guys are all playing 36 oh my god dude are you fucking kidding me and she goes you
guys don't even need to come to dinner just come to dinner whenever you want
it's just the ultimate ultimate like three-day birthday celebration that i don't deserve
and that i i'll say again my wife is the most thoughtful like caring person in the
i've ever met uh i just i i'm i'm so you better give her the massage punch card entire family
hey you better give her the massage punch card. my entire family. You better give her the massage punch card.
And I was truly shocked.
I didn't have,
everyone was like,
did you know?
I'm like, dude,
I didn't have a fucking clue.
So it was a crazy couple days.
Well, I almost blew it there for you,
Whit.
I almost blew it.
Oh, yeah.
This is the funny part.
So we're down in Lauderdale
for the All-Star game
and I go to Cafe Europa with G
and we're eating,
it's me, G, and Merle's.
And I look over and I see a text from Brianna Whitney to G that says,
call me when you're not around him.
I'm like, what the fuck is going on here?
What a scandal.
I'm like, hey, G, and G's like, uh, uh, uh.
I'm like, G, what the fuck did you say to me?
I was like, don't put me in this spot, man.
Don't put me in this spot.
I'm like, are you crushing my wife?
So I guess I'm so broke up.
Yeah, I know.
Imagine that.
Oh, no.
Brie.
R.A.
R.A.
And Brie.
What's going to hang himself?
Keep that up.
I walked in to Paul Balls Deep in Natalie.
Bitch, watch your fucking mouth right now, bitch.
I'm not picking an RA's ass humping my old lady.
I already cucked him on the Stanley Cup, biz.
I wouldn't do that to him again.
That's right.
You did.
Yeah.
Just to wrap it up, I want to thank my friends.
Till the end of time, it made it so memorable.
I want to thank Ed and Kelly.
I'm at their house right now recording top-notch internet and um you know my family and
friends it's just it was it was very special and i said i actually the other thing that popped into
my head besides golf tomorrow when i saw the surprise i was like all right i got i got seven
years till brie turns 40 i better fucking make something happen and start planning out. The pressure's on. Wow.
She's going to go to the moon for 50?
Holy shit.
No, no.
She said she's like nothing else for 50.
She goes 40 is the big one.
I am on the back nine, so I think that's fair enough.
Yeah.
Oh, I don't know.
Am I in the mid, not midnight, but I'm fucking middle-aged, dude.
I'm the old man of the podcast.
I didn't give a fuck when I turned 50.
I didn't want nothing. I wanted to go to San Tapio. I'm the old man of the podcast. I didn't give a fuck when I turned 50. I didn't want nothing.
I wanted to go to San Tapio's like I usually do.
All right, your weekend wasn't as good as Witt's,
but you did get to see Hootie and the Blowfish.
What was your experience like at the outdoor game, stadium series?
I want to get your behind-the-scene look in.
Absolutely incredible.
First off, I got to shout out our buddy Jeff Zucker,
who put me in touch with Mark Bryan,
who is the lead guitarist for Hootie and the Blowfish.
Unbelievable hospitality.
He hooked us up with seats for the show and the VIP lanyard.
So we had cocktails before the show, cocktails after.
And I seen Dan Patrick there.
He was with his wife and his kids, his daughter.
I don't want to bother him.
And I was like, oh, they must be pals or something.
Well, he actually went up to the stage and intro'd the band.
Him and Darius Rucker go back
30 years he's like I've known these guys for almost 30 years I met him I've been friends
we've been through a lot together you know kids divorce blah blah he's like he goes and now here's
your fucking introduction Darius in the blowfish like he didn't call him Hootie and dude they
fucking blew the place up I mean it was I think an 18,000 seat venue and there weren't like any
patches of empty seats I don't know if it completely sold out it certainly looked like it uh these guys they don't tour regularly they never
broke up but they they just do sort of these one-off concerts and he gave a big shout out to
George Paros during the show he had a violent gent violent gent's shirt on he's like oh I want to
shout out George Paros he's the reason why we're here because Paros went to them and said hey
you know you guys should do a concert while everybody's here in Carolina because, you know, he golfs with all these retired
NHL guys.
And, dude, the show is unreal, man.
I mean, that was like a college soundtrack.
He did a couple of cover songs like they did Losing My Religion from REM, Champagne Soup
and Over from Oasis.
Like, I was in my glory, man.
The show was fucking awesome.
Great night.
So, yeah, I wish you guys would have made it, but I understand you guys were having
fun at Teets there. You had Commie there. coles he was there shout out pete blackburn gee he stopped by
to say hello so yeah man i i had a an awesome night man because there's been no concerts i've
been like two since this covid bullshit uh so concerts man they're like soul cleansers sometimes
because you just like you just feel good after man you just like you know fucking bust the move
get out you know dance do whatever out, sweat your ass off.
But yeah, Hootie and the Blowfish fucking blew the place up.
It truly takes your brain and puts you in like in the present, right?
Sometimes, you know, you get thinking about the past or the present or whatever it may be.
Going back to Teets, though, that's Bates Bataglia's bar.
We've had him on the podcast before.
I think when we had him on, he wasn't really sure like what we were doing here at Spitting Chicklets. Uh, he was letting
it fly pretty good though. Uh, going after Bruce, Bruce Cassidy, uh, the bar itself,
very, very cool setup. I want to thank the entire Gallo crew and the Carolinas who help,
uh, help us push the product. Uh, the showing was incredible. You talk about the Southern
hospitality. i did not
expect that many people to show up especially with wit celebrating his 40th birthday and the guy
whose name's on the bottle it was fucking rammed everybody was so so kind and patient that everybody
waited uh patiently for pictures obviously we were handing out pink whitney like crazy so i guess
just overall thank you to the brand and the fans because, you know, Pink Whitney in New Amsterdam and Gallo is the reason why we get to hop around
to these marquee events and they put us up in hotels and pay for travel. So thank you to all
the sales team all across North America that help us out. And it was an awesome event. So thank you
so much and shout out to Pink Whitney, Mr. Whitney. Before we go any further, I need to talk about our presenting sponsor,
Pink Whitney Vodka from New Amsterdam Vodka.
Just an absolute treat to be down in Florida.
It was flowing on the boat we had for my 40th birthday surprise party.
It was flowing at Teats for the pregame party down in Carolina
before the big tilt between the Capitals and the Hurricanes.
It'll be flowing on the golf course when I'm playing in the Gasparilla
at beautiful Palma Sia this week.
It's the perfect drink to have with your buddies.
It's the perfect drink to have with your family,
and it's the perfect drink when you're looking to just relax
and watch a little hockey.
So please, everyone, go out, try a nip, get a bottle, put it on some ice,
throw in some soda water, do it as a shot.
Whatever way you want to drink it, just have a good time enjoying Pink Whitney,
enjoying New Amsterdam vodka, and thank you so much for being a loyal supporter
of not only our pod but our favorite vodka ever, Pink Whitney and New Amsterdam.
I mean, we haven't even gotten to the game yet either.
Like I said, Raleigh, unbelievable host.
The outdoor game was sick.
They had the NC State band there, the mascots, the cheerleaders.
I mean, they just fucking spanked them.
They got a 4-0 lead.
The Caps got one goal late.
Tommy Wilson ruined the shutout bid.
But, I mean, Carolina just dominated.
The atmosphere in the stadium was great.
It was actually kind of colder there.
I didn't pack a jacket.
I only had my hoodie.
I froze my balls off. The food in the stadium was great. It was actually kind of cold in there. I didn't pack a jacket. I only had my hoodie. I froze my balls off.
The food in the stadium, though, was incredible.
Like 10 out of 10 Carolina barbecue.
It was so good.
I loved the tailgate, too.
Everyone was like, people were getting there like 48 hours beforehand
so they could get their brisket cooking and all their barbecue cooking
because getting it smoked because it takes a while.
And man, just walking around that tailgate,
people are like, oh, eat, try my burnt ends,
try my ribs, try my brisket.
The food was like 10 out of 10,
some of the best I've ever had.
Burnt ends are just top notch.
So good.
What I liked about the atmosphere in the game
was all the student section in the band
behind one of the goals, I think it was.
That's a pretty cool kind of addition in terms of having a college football stadium.
But it looked great.
I mean, it was just Carolina.
I hammered them in regulation.
That was an easy win.
Obviously, everyone knows my Detroit bet or my Edmonton bet over Detroit really backfired this week.
But it just looked like a good game.
And it was pretty typical in the fact that Carolina, they just smothered them there's all of them i i think that was one of those games where you're
like this martin neck neck chess neck is how do you say his last name is kind of certain nights
on a different level where i don't think he's completely popped off yet to like maybe like a
superstar but you see these glimpses and obviously obviously he's had a great year, but that game,
he was the best player on the ice by a mile.
Just going online already and seeing those when they came in,
the entries and with the band that you said,
and the guys walking out and they had the fireworks going on the ice,
that gave me a hockey boner.
That was just well put on right there.
Yeah, I know we were probably too crazy about the black and red jerseys
when they come out, but it did look dynamic the other night,
the way they come out like that.
Also, too, did you see where they go off the bus?
They had the golf uniforms on.
I'm sure you like that, Whit.
Did you know that was a tribute to Payne Stewart, Whit?
I didn't know that till after the game.
And he won the U.S. Open at Pioneers, then tragically passed away.
And I got to be honest, though, I do like the walkout outfits,
but it's kind of maybe jump the shark at this point.
I don't know if I'm being just kind of grumpy 40-year-old guy.
I am 40 now.
I'm a man.
I'm 40.
But I like the golf one maybe because I'm a golf junk box.
But I don't know.
I don't know.
Maybe.
How much do you think the guys are being forced into it?
Because I'm sure not every guy on the team wants to show up dressed up in a costume.
Do you remember Pasternak when he had to wear the baseball uniform?
Was he not happy about that?
Oh, really?
What the fuck?
He wasn't happy.
I don't think he was too thrilled.
He loved the 80s Titan Bright.
He was rocking that one big time.
I didn't know it was a Payne Stewart.
That's how he dresses regularly.
I didn't know it was a Payne Stewart.
What would you say?
A tribute.
A tribute to Payne Stewart. What would you say? A tribute.
A tribute to Payne Stewart, yeah.
A tribute to him.
So now that knowing that, it obviously makes it a lot better,
but I would agree with you, Whit.
Are we going to start a Whitney Grind My Gear segment now that you've hit the big forum or what?
No, because the podcast would be seven hours and 15 minutes every week
and five hours and 47 minutes of it would be stuff grinding my gears.
Actually, we haven't complained about a flight yet
we should probably get that in for 15 minutes here who had a shitty flight on the way home
seamless coming home i was at middle row back back middle row middle seat it was the worst
i was kidding we're not fucking talking no i know more flights quickest boarding ever uh also they
they brought the storm surge back the one that you know rod brindamore actually brought to the
team as he uh disclosed on the show a back, and they kept the golf team going.
They threw the gloves down and kind of fake golfed there.
At first, I was like, oh, are they shitting on the fucking Capitals?
Tell them it's golfing season.
But then I realized I didn't see the outfits until after the game,
and I realized, oh, okay, it was part of the whole golf team.
No, rumor boys, they were doing that.
They were taunting them.
Fuck you.
Fuck you, Caps.
Washington, I think, is done. I think they they're done i don't think they're getting in now we know what happens they they win eight in a row after i say something like this but
there's not much cooking there right now because i want i want to know what you thought of the
varsity blues theme that they went would come off the school bus with the the uh
i think it was safe i think the
right word is it was very safe the bombers looked unbelievable uh jerseys same idea with the canes
ones you said ra at first i was like but when you're when they're on the ice and they're big
like that i just i like the presence of them and then nashville had the same thing when the the
nashville was rotting and big and then they had the guitar pick in the middle.
So I like the theme of making them very big so you can see them from far distance,
and they pop nice when they're on the ice.
So I think before we judge these jerseys,
we have to see them in the full outfit with the gloves, helmet,
and how it all plays itself out.
I know.
You see a picture of a jersey online.
It doesn't do it justice in terms of the guys actually in full uniform wearing it out on I know. You see a picture of a jersey online. It doesn't do it justice in terms of the guys actually
in full uniform wearing it out on the ice.
It's totally different than the pictures
that first get released.
Did you see the dog face off? He's like a
local legend fan dog. He came out
with the puck and dropped it.
I think it was a stall.
I don't know if it was backstroke. They shook the guy's hand
and then they shook the dog's hand like, give me a bar
after he dropped the puck. Pretty funny
little clip. Also,
56,961 people.
Largest crowd in franchise history.
Me and G would say the only thing
I think the NHL could maybe work on with
whatever the next stadium series venue is
is post-game transportation
because there's nothing around there.
It's a college campus. There's no bars or restaurants
to kind of chill out afterwards,
and there's no signage.
It could be confusing, especially if you had a few pink Whitney's
or Big Deal brews getting out of there and finding your ride sharing.
But I think other than that, the NHL really hit a home run here.
I mean, that's maybe one minor quibble.
But otherwise, we had a ball.
Shout out to Raleigh.
Like G said, the folks there, unbelievable hospitality, generosity.
You can walk up to any table, pull food off it.
Nobody says anything to you.
They're actually honored that you eat their food,
drinking their moonshine.
So, Raleigh, we tip our caps to you.
See, we're not biased.
We don't like the TV timeouts,
but Kim Jung Bettman did a great job with the league
by throwing on another marquee event.
Absolutely.
The next one, Seattle hosts Vegas,
and then there will only be three teams after that
game that have yet to play an outdoor game Arizona Columbus and Florida so okay so I'm hearing a
rumor oh that in the near future they want to do one between Tampa and Florida and do it in Tampa
Bay which I don't know that's like the humidity over even in wintertime. You just can't like we were there filming that commercial.
We were there for all star like at what time of the year are you going to do this?
Because even if at nighttime with there's no way the ice is going to survive.
You're going to have a Lake Tahoe all over again.
Yeah, that's that's like you can get it done and you have the coolers under the ice.
But forget even like a really hot day when the game actually comes.
Like there's monsoons here.
Like it just starts pouring rain randomly.
Remember the last day we were at All-Star break?
I mean, like it's going to be kind of hard for them to ever pull that off.
I mean, I guess at some point they'll have to try it.
It just makes  I mean, those three teams.
Poor Columbus.
I mean, they're the ones that are actually in cold weather.
They still can't get one. You three can. Poor Columbus. I mean, they're the ones that are actually in cold weather. They still can't get one.
You three can vouch for me.
Arizona at ASU Stadium against the Vegas Golden Knights.
It gets so cold here in the wintertime at night.
There's no humidity.
It's the perfect temperature and outdoor experience.
Yes or no?
Yes.
Yes.
Thousand percent.
You'll have Bedard to play in it, too.
So, yes.
Yeah, not if they keep fucking playing the way they are.
Dude, 5-0-4 in their last nine?
I'm putting myself in the lineup.
5-0-4, what are you guys doing?
Stop it.
Buddy, don't look at me.
Don't look at me.
Put you back in the lineup then.
I'd be putting David Ayers in net.
I'd be putting me on the fucking back end,
snapping them tape to boards or over the glass.
Arizona versus Columbus.
Win against Bedard, Biz.
How about that?
Yeah, the Flint, Michigan Mega Bowl.
Alexander Ovechkin, he did miss the game.
His dad passed away.
So we want to extend our sympathies to Alex and his family on the loss of his dad, McHale.
He was a very popular figure on the team.
Every time he came around, all the players loved him.
He was a big fan of the team.
Obviously, his son played for him.
So we're sorry about your loss, Alex.
And again, we extend our sympathies.
And I thought the CBC up in Canada,
they ran just a shitty-timed hit piece on Ovechkin.
I thought it was just a total lack of class.
The headline,
What to do about a problem called Alex Ovechkin?
A closer look at the nhl is close
ties to putin i mean the guy's on fucking personal leave his dad died you could have done this a
month ago a week ago next week you do it when he's on leave i just thought it was a fucking shit move
and it was a classic like reporter like all right let me get some two people who agree with my my
thing and then i'll amplify it that and say oh some people are saying it was just like c is
extremely liberal to the point
where it's like you you can't tell me that you're better people when taking that opportunity during
that period of time to run that it's like you're not a you're not a good person you're not exactly
yeah in fact you're the opposite and anybody with half a brain can see right through that bullshit
and it's becoming more and more obnoxious to where i think more people are kind of
i think i think there's
way more normal people who understand that far one way and far the other way are ridiculous let's be
gone with all of them and just fucking live a normal life with the with the 90 who wrote that
piece all right what was the what was the the i i didn't even write his name down because i didn't
know not the name what was the what was it from i didn't hear what amplify it anymore. What was it from?
I didn't hear where it came from. CBC.com.
Oh, CBC.
It was by Terrence McKenna from CBC.
Yeah.
Come on.
Like I said, there was nothing new in there.
The guy Slava Malamud, I think you pronounce his name,
he hates Ovechkin and Rusher.
That's fine.
He has a stance, but the guy just kind of took all his points,
and then Hasik, who's been very outspoken.
Those are the only two people he got.
He didn't even get them.
They've been saying the same thing.
I mean, Hasik was going at Ovechkin's kid at the fucking All-Star game
because he was doing breakaways.
It's like, buddy, take a knee here.
His kid was born in America.
Give it a rest, man.
Yeah, exactly.
There's time and a place, man,
and it was just fucking, I don't know, bullshit that they did at them.
But anyways, we can move along.
Start talking about the fun stuff.
Start talking about the hockey.
We do have two guests today we're going to get to a little later.
Vegas Golden Knight All-Star Chandler Stevenson.
He stopped by when we were down at Fort Lauderdale for a chat.
And our buddy Colby Armstrong visits for a little chat about the Pee Wee Tournament.
The Pee Wee Tournament up in in quebec sounded like a good time but first here's your leafs swinging for the fences
they loaded up for their next playoff adventure they got ryan o'reilly and noah charry from the
blues in a three-team deal that also included the minnesota wild the blues got back forwards adam
gadet and mikhail abramov toronto's first and 23. Toronto's second and 24. And Ottawa's third
and 23. The Blues will retain half of his 7.5 billion salary. And Manny's going to eat a quarter
of that as well. They sent prospect John Pallott to Toronto for Toronto's fourth and 25. I'm not
sure what Manny's doing here. I don't know if it was a favor or whatever. And then Achari's 1.25
million. O'Reilly, 32-year-old, pending UFA. ufa won the cup obviously at 19 con smite selkie they think well they pencil him in
third after matthews and tavaris in the center we'll see what happens there but biz you're the
least fan which uh our reaction to this huge trade kyle fucking dubas man what a move his back was
against the wall this year he had to pull a rabbit out of his ass, and he did an incredible job.
And let's go back to who got the party started with Lou Lamarillo.
Everyone thought, oh, he got Horvat.
He started the party off early.
And then Drury says, hey, buddy, there ain't enough fucking Cialis on the planet
to get you guys up for a playoff run like this New York Rangers team.
And then they go out and get fucking Tarasenko.
And Mikola uh Mikola Mikola and
listen we knew that that was going to put the pressure on Toronto to do something and Dubas's
last year of his contract I'd give him a fucking extension for making this move it completely makes
up for the fact that he got rid of Kadri that was probably the worst trade of his tenure with the Toronto Maple Leafs but to go in and and you talked about it last podcast I was talking about
praying for Kane well they end up going and they solidify that bottom six by not only getting Ryan
O'Reilly and it seems like these lines are going to be putting a bit of a blender to maybe decide
if he's going to end up on the wing or if he's going to end up third line center not really sure how it's going to play out but if everybody's like oh he's got 12 goals this
year and he's regressing offensively I I think we have been adamant about saying that Ryan O'Reilly
has has lost a bit of a step but penciled in as a third line center he will beat you with his mind
his skill set,
and all the other intangibles that you need to bring to a championship lineup.
So I like him, Pencildon.
You got fucking Matthews, you got Tavares, and then you got Ryan O'Reilly.
To me, that's the most depth up the middle in the entire Eastern Conference.
Argue with me if you guys want to argue with me, but that is a deadly, deadly middle of the ice.
Then the cherry on top, Achari.
Maybe one thing that the Leafs were lacking in the bottom six
was that physical approach where Giordano said it best.
He goes, everybody's raving about the O'Reilly aspect,
but this Achari is a pain in the ass to play against.
He's built like a cigarette.
He's built like a cigarette. He's built like a cigarette machine.
He's 5'10", 2'10", maybe 2'15",
depending on how much fucking pasta his parents fed him before pregame.
And he finishes every single hit.
So just talk about forward-wise.
And I don't think that Dubas is done.
But overall, on that trade trade a plus it sends a message
to those guys in the locker room we got a championship pedigree in here now we got more
added to the bottom six and heck I think at this point O'Reilly is probably a 15 to 17 minute guy
at center ice maybe because of the the less amount of skating that you play up and down
the wing maybe he's playing top two lines and he's getting closer to that 20 but overall don't care
what they gave up in order to get him it's going to be a late first round or anyway a fucking plus
to a guy who put Toronto back on the map and back in contention for that Stanley Cup this year
do you think that it was too high of a price for the Leafs to pay?
Not at all.
And I think the main reason being that Dubas knows all these draft picks he's given away,
he won't even be there to see these draft picks if they don't end up making a run.
Do you know what I'm saying?
So I think he made it pretty clear in that he didn't want to give away draft picks. It's something that's hard for him to do. But more
than anything, he didn't want to get rid of any roster players, which makes a lot of sense. I mean,
it's the last year of your deal. If you don't get out of the first round, you're done.
So I really don't I don't have the time or energy to worry about these draft picks. I just got to
get guys in now that are going to help this team. I'm seeing line rumblings of Tavares actually on left wing
and O'Reilly centering the second line.
Like Biz said, I think it's a complete blender mashup
until you figure out what works.
But for them to maybe go on a true cup run,
I would think O'Reilly would be your third line center.
Achari, just exactly what Biz said,
just a bulldog motherfucker to play against,
exactly what they needed.
And more than anything, when you talk about the the chirping of o'reilly who yeah maybe he has lost a step and his production's way down this year for any player and even more
so for a guy with the the pedigree and the resume of of ryan o'reilly to get to a different team
that has had success for the past few years it just it gets
this side of you going that necessarily wasn't there with St. Louis and their struggles this
year so yeah his numbers there aren't great but just like the mental aspect of joining a contender
and being in the race it can up a player's not only their value but their overall play
just on the mental aspect of it like I'm back in the middle of it. And this is a guy who was not ever approaching St. Louis games.
Like they didn't mean the world to him.
But when you continue to lose and it's been that much of a struggle this season,
it's just a lift to your spirits to go to a place.
And not only is it a contender, it's Toronto.
It's the guy's hometown team, right?
So it's like something where  and I don't know if he's exactly from Toronto,
but it's just the fact that you're playing in this mega market,
and you're playing in front of these rabid fans who just need success.
And I would be absolutely shocked if his level of play doesn't go up being on this team
because there's still a lot of good hockey in him,
and I think now you're going to see it in Toronto.
So Achari already got his first goal too, so you that he can he can I mean he could score if he's given the chance he'll probably
21 year big goals yeah exactly so this is a guy that both of those guys are just exactly what the
Leafs needed so coming from an all-time Leaf hater in myself who ironically enough loves watching the
team play but just hopes they lose every game. I got to be honest with you guys.
If I'm Tampa Bay, I'm sitting around like, oh, fuck.
Because we got Tampa, Toronto, and we got Rangers, Devils in the first round.
Those are pretty much locked in.
And the fact that Tampa's looking at this team that they barely snuck by last year,
adding a consmite winner and then a dirt dog to the bottom six in Chari,
that's a hell of a deal by kyle
dubas and like i mentioned before those draft picks he meant he may never even be around when
they end up getting picked i like that dirt dog you just come up with that on the spot with dog
nah that was a red socks term yeah is it did you see all right did you guys did you guys see o'reilly
stroll in first game why do you think i wore this fucking jacket do you see him walking in with a jean jacket with the Sherpa?
You don't think, hey, I'm going to take a page out of your book.
You don't think Lisa from Lindsay, Ontario was fucking jamming herself
with the BBC special, seeing him on the Leafs Instagram
walking in with a jean jacket and a toucan, huh?
He's got the designer one.
You got the one from Macy's, though.
You don't think Carl from Coburg was listening to talk radio the next morning after that trade,
cranking his cock off before he got his 99 Tim Hortons roll up the rim to win special?
Come on.
Huh?
He's probably going to be a little more careful.
I have to throw a little shade.
I mean, they lost to Columbus and Chicago this week.
So let's hold the horses here, correct?
Well, okay, so that raises another question
and i'll throw it around to you guys what else has to be done in my opinion they got to go and
find one more defense and i think they need a little bit insurance in net i'm not saying
fucking you know that's not going to go get vamelka or or the next big guy i mean maybe
david airs ra is he the guy you think he's the guy? Is he the third string?
Yeah, I mean, the trade obviously huge,
but my first thing was like, well, it doesn't improve their defense.
I mean, they still have the same D.
Not that it's an Achilles heel for them right now,
but I think it could use some improvement.
But I think O'Reilly, he's going to start checking the labels on those bottles.
Did you see that clip?
He was in warm-ups.
He went over, grabbed the bottle.
He put it over his head.
It was all bio-steel.
He put all fucking bio-steel on his head.
Yeah.
He just got there, didn't know it was water.
Fucking dumped the stuff all over him.
Also, you got to give Sheldon Keefe a little shout-out.
Sheldon Keefe, he started him the first game.
Saw the crowd give him a nice applause.
I thought that was a pretty cool gesture he did, so he can get him right out there and,
you know, have the crowd give him a little acknowledgement.
So, yeah, man, they still need some D. I mean, Samsonov's been pretty damn good in net for them uh we'll see what happens come playoff time i mean it's the
leafs it's the playoff so it's always going to be an adventure i always use this example and i don't
need to get carried away because i know it's sydney crosby and it's evgeny malkin but that one cup run
where their best defenseman was doomlin tanger ended up getting hurt if you have a strong enough
middle of the ice and the way that
Toronto plays defense now is they play as a five-man unit. It's not all scrambly like it once
was. And you also have the defensive commitment from those top end guys. I've already mentioned
it 20 times already. Matthews blocking all the shots. The defensive game overall from a team
standpoint has improved. I don't think that they need to go out and make a huge splash on the back end.
I'm looking at a guy like maybe
I think that they lost a lot of physicality on the back end
when they lost Labushkin.
I thought that he went in and did a tremendous job
of just separating the man from the puck.
Simple game.
Maybe a guy like Luke Shen.
I'm drawing a blank to the defenseman's name in columbus who keeps coming up and there's
ties right now to to him potentially going to was it the rangers boston's been a team boston
excuse me it was boston i see fucking doobie maybe sneaking in there and cock blocking that
and here's another here's another crazy one for you and you guys are going to think i'm full of
shit all you people listening i talked to an extremely reliable source, and we're going to get to more in Patrick Kane.
I heard the reason that Kaner was so upset is he was one foot in the door in New York.
The trade was basically done when Doug Armstrong came in last minute and cock-blocked it
and then got it done with Tarasenko and Mikula.
So that's why Kaner has been so irritated
and maybe a little bit more vocal
than we're used to hearing Patrick Kane be.
And why he might have looked a little lifeless
the couple games after that,
that trade had gone through,
just of how maybe dejected he was
of thinking he was literally on his way to New York
and then boom yeah we can no booty put the lifelessness we could put the lifelessness
aside because now he's got five goals in his last two games including the hat trick against Toronto
and what was interesting was his quotes after where they asked him about the the chance or
maybe the rumors about going to Toronto he's like that was never
even really discussed like and he kind of made a point he's like not everything you hear is true
now there's some very reliable sources out there but even those guys end up getting false
information and and maybe he's taking a shot at the rumor boys us four who just sitting around
making stuff up like I said he's taking shots at me before he called me a clown at the beginning
of the year this year when we're I was doing the first broadcast with the stanley cup champions or
the reigning cup champions colorado avalanche he kind of subtly threw it under his breath i think
that was a shot at us i think our prayer was heard worldwide is he no prayer biz so which leads me to
my next point i think that that Patrick Kane hates God.
That's ultimately the point I was trying to make.
He's anti-Christ.
And I don't know where he's going.
Probably Dallas where there's no state tax.
I mentioned Dallas and Vegas is two possible landing spots for him.
He's wide and pretty good.
He didn't say they were the only two.
And, you know, like we just saw at the Tarasenko deal
and probably a few other deals that their salary tension, you have team's been given a draft pick you know to eat some of that
salary I mean Chicago could certainly afford it but I would think we'll see that there because
he's you know a 10 million dollar salary uh also what else do I have here well I just want to say
I want to personally see a Patrick Kane spite tour I I don't know what's going on with the hip
I know that he's been a little bit more vocal that game against Toronto the hat trick you don't know what's going on with the hip I know that he's been a little bit more vocal that game against Toronto
the hat trick
you don't think that was a message
the second goal was sick
it was fucking nasty
the patience he had
he looked like the Patrick Kane of old
now we also have to pump his tires
and RA I don't know if you've already mentioned it
he recorded his 1216th and 1217th career point
over the last couple games
passing Jeremy Roenick for the third most among U.S.-born players
in National Hockey League history.
The list goes at the top, Mike Medano.
Below him, Phil Housley.
And now we have Patrick Kane, of course.
So a big milestone.
I think that he's going to go down as the best American-born player ever.
I think that he still has gas left in the tank.
And for a team who's desperately in need of some goal scoring,
I think Dallas makes the most sense right now.
And I would love to see them go make a big splash
because I think that all the headlines are going to the east.
It's a dogfight in the east.
Who's going to poke their head above water in the west?
I think there's a couple
teams that are front runners, obviously with Colorado getting healthy. I think that Edmonton
has a strong chance. Dallas, with the goaltending they have and the back end they have to have,
they have to show that group inside the locker room. And it goes back to what you said last
week too, G. Sagan and Kane have a little bit of history. Also, Emily Kaplan from ESPN reported
that Blackhawks will not be trading captain Jonathan Taves due to the uncertainty about his health. He hasn't
played since January 28th. He was placed on IR February 15th. In a statement released by the
team on Sunday, Taves said he's been dealing with symptoms of long COVID and chronic immune
response syndrome. We obviously wish him the best and good health, but I'll tell you, man,
these immunity issues or immune issues, they're a're a motherfucker man some doctors misdiagnose them
they can't figure out what they are and he's been suffering with a lot of this stuff you just get
like these weird maladies and symptoms that like doctors get mystified by so uh he's been dealing
with that quite a bit so obviously like i said we wish him well uh i business i want to just go back
to the other trade uh uh the what do you call it, the Blues trade.
The Blues dumped Tarasenko and O'Reilly, two huge parts of that cup run.
They got back two first-rounders, a second, two thirds, two prospects.
They have three first-rounders this summer.
What went wrong with the Blues this year, Biz, and what do they need to do to fix this?
Okay, so I don't know, and we'll snap it around before I get to that.
I was just going to compliment Doug Armstrong and the way that he made  go ahead, go ahead, sorry.
I'll shut the fuck up.
I was actually just wondering,
how many guys are left on that team who won the Cup now?
There's got to be like, what, six or seven guys there?
Barbashev.
I don't know the numbers, so I shouldn't have put you guys in the spot,
but it happens quick, right? And I think you were were about to say you got to give credit to doug
armstrong when he realizes what's going on he's quick to act is that's what that's what you're
going to mention buddy massive massive tire pump to unload the way he did and get everything back
where it's boom you make the decision doesn't look like it's going to be our year unload get
ahead of it before the actual deadline like let's call a spade a spade here if we're going to talk chicago too with the patrick
kane stuff what is what are they going to get in return for him i think that davidson at this point
has completely overplayed his hand and could leave that organization in a very difficult spot where
you thought you had two birds in the bush and all of a sudden it's like, what do you mean?
Isn't that the term, two birds in a bush?
It was a bird in the hand is worth.
Oh, sounds good.
Yeah, I probably fucked it up.
I probably fucked it up.
But anyway, the complete opposite where he acted right away.
I mentioned the fact that he potentially cock-blocked that trade,
at least what I'm hearing from a reliable source.
But to get the return in which he has,
where they still do have some good assets,
where they could fucking rebuild quick around Thomas and Kairou,
I think just applause all around, man.
This is a guy who's been around a while.
He finally got a Stanley Cup.
There's a reason he's involved with Hockeyada just a a genius move to make that quick decision
which i think i said a month ago or six weeks ago i said they gotta fucking blow it up
and uh barbachev is also linked to be going out pretty soon as well a guy who's uh an achari type
just a big i was gonna say that but even a little better you know a little more offense to his game
maybe but but a tank a tank so uh yeah applause all around now what were what were you asking
before that about uh what went wrong um i don't i i think that when they got rid of petro things
started going a little bit downhill.
And this is no knock on Perenco's game
because I think when they ended up having,
when Al McInnes was there helping the guys out,
I believe it was Al McInnes,
he was helping these guys out find their game
and maybe being that ear to listen to
and Josh back and forth,
where I don't think that Pareko was set up to
take on that number one role and I know they try to do it by committee by getting Krug and Falk
in there but I just really sensed a shift after that where things were never the same that's a
hard decision to make as a general manager do I give this stud defenseman who's our captain
and pay him nine and a half a year to stick around or do i you know
maybe go in a different direction um you know clearly they had o'reilly getting the sea after
he moved on and some other plans up front but um you know overall just uh i thought that the the
back end and the goaltending had really let them down over the last couple years i mean you can say
what you want about who's going to look at it i think that's a good way to look at it I think it's a good way to look at it
I think that
A guy like David Perron
That's a guy who was a big part of that team
You've seen how important he's been to Detroit
All of a sudden he wasn't around anymore
Then you look at the Pareko situation
Where maybe they kind of thought he was a little better
Than he turned out to be
Maybe they thought there was still
Some room for him to grow
into the kind of petro-type number one where he really hasn't.
And then the goaltending has just been so inconsistent.
I mean, even this year you've seen these runs that they've had by Binnington
and then all of a sudden he disappears.
So it's a bunch of different factors, and a lot of it just kind of shows inconsistency,
which is the main reason they're at where they're at, right?
They just could never get the ball rolling.
They'd win three, lose three.
And it's been that way for a little bit.
Ironically enough, they gave Colorado the best frigging look anyone gave them last year.
And it's like if they beat Colorado last year, which was a 4-2 series, who knows?
Maybe they win it again.
But it's a crazy business and things change fast.
And all of a sudden, Tarasenko, when he didn't get the C,
he was pouty boy for the past couple seasons.
So a bunch of different issues that turn into one clusterfuck
for a team that also has never really rebuilt.
You know what I mean?
When have the Blues been real bad?
No, it seemed like they shifted during the back STJ Oshie era,
but they never really went away.
They more retooled.
Yeah, retooled would be the term I'm looking for.
I know we moved on past the Leafs.
We didn't talk about the chain gang.
No.
New honorary member.
So I guess the question is, is when when they win it am i getting a ring
that's the net that's the next big one so shout out to austin matthews on the tnt broadcast
making me part of the chain gang how do you do fellow kids
you think i'm too old i feel like i say this every year, but now this year, if they lose in the first round again,
I am going to be the most insufferable human being alive the first episode after they lose.
If I was happy during my birthday surprise celebration, I can't even imagine my just glee if they somehow lose the first round again this year.
It will be fucking fantastic.
Yeah, and amplify that by 10 if they do, in fact, make it past the first round,
and then by 20 if they make it past the second round,
and then if they end up going all the way, boys,
we're going to be officially a Leafs podcast.
We won't even know what the Boston Bruins are by the time I'm done with you guys.
I'll be at fucking Spotify then.
Biz, were you a big puka shell guy back in the day?
I could see you wearing them.
The puka shell necklaces?
Yeah.
I don't think I ever did the puka shell.
I had a couple hemp ones in my day, surprisingly, R.A.
But no. But you think I should go seashell for the other chain
i think they're pretty cool look and the dudes still wear gold chains i know they were big way
back in the day when i was younger the guys still wear like gold chain oh yeah not just
italians like anybody yeah i'm gonna be wearing a choke collar i'm gonna go full i'm gonna go
full bondage for this run boys we. We're going off the rails.
Bring out the gimp.
He's sleeping.
Well, I guess we're going to have to wake him up now, won't we?
Biz, a bird in the hand is worth two in the bush.
That's the first.
Yeah, two in the bush.
Two in the bush.
The Avs and Wild, they were the second game that night.
Billy Guerin, not sure whether the Wild will be buyers or sellers.
I don't think that trade the other day really indicated much.
Like I said, it was almost like a favor.
They took on a little bit of the salary,
gave up a prospect just for a fourth rounder.
Well, they bought a draft pick, basically.
Yeah, but the prospect was a fourth. They basically spent money to get a draft pick.
Right, and they lost a prospect as well.
They kind of swapped him out for the pick.
But, Whit, do you think Mini does anything?
I mean, they don't have a ton of money.
They've been struggling recently. They're barely holding
on to that last wildcard spot right now. I don't. And I think that unfortunately for Billy Guerin,
he went in and he had to make that tough decision with the Parisi-Suter buyouts. And it's just one
of those things like this year and the next two after, they're kind of just floating, you know.
And if you get in the playoffs, that's a great thing. They just don't have the ability and the cap space until that entire buyout ends to do much. So it's a good team that could add if this whole thing hadn't gone down the way it had. But right now they're just stuck in between a rock and a hard place where they hope they get in.
They hope they get in.
But deep down, I'm sure Billy G knows they don't have the team to make a run for a Stanley Cup.
Ironically enough, I've said ironic 15 times this podcast.
If I say it again, it's shut the fuck up. I use crutch words, don't you think?
Gustafson is playing great.
And Fleury's been kind of struggling.
So it's like, are they going to ride Gustafson now, who's never really been a starter?
So there's a bunch of different things going on.
The one thing is, you still just get to watch caprice off every game if you're a wild fan this fucking guy is so fun to watch
and they have him locked in so i think you're more looking for mini in two or three years to
try to really start building something special because there's not much they can do right yeah
they got uh boldy they got that rossi kid now if I'm not mistaken, did those buyouts not kick in this year
where they have 10 million going against the cap?
No, I think this is the year it kicks in.
It wasn't kicked in last year even though they bought them out last year.
I think the big penalty was this year and the next two.
They got three years?
I thought it was just this year and next year.
Jesus Christ, that's a big pee-pee whack for the buyouts.
I got to look now.
Yeah, I mean, like we said said before they had to do it it was like they needed a culture change they needed to do it all over there and now that's the cost i mean if he didn't do it you know they
wouldn't be in as good a position as they are right now even if it's not the ideal position
i think it's unfortunate ra but at this point i think you have to be sellers another name that's
come up and it sucks
because I love their big, heavy guys
and how they played last year.
The offensive output just has not been there
from Greenway and Foligno,
and that's been a huge anchor with the lack of goal scoring.
I think the power play from an overall standpoint
all year has been pretty good,
but guys, when we were on that tnt broadcast for
that game against the avalanche since uh january 8th 15 games they'd played they'd only scored
15 five on five goals if you can't put the puck in the net five on five and if you're only doing
it at that rate you don't belong anywhere near a playoff spot I think that a playoff team though could go
out there and use a type of guy like Greenway I don't know if they're willing to part ways with
them I think that they personally from an overall team standpoint have enough big meat in their
lineup for today's standards if they wanted to get a pretty good haul for a team who's in desperate
need of a big body in the bottom six,
I wonder what they could get for him.
Maybe he's going to remain patient from here on out, Billy G,
because they don't really have many guys that they could get rid of that are going to bring back value.
I know that they wanted to get Dumba off the books to potentially bring something in for this year.
I don't think that's going to happen.
I don't think you're getting the return.
But his 6 million comes off the books next year year so i just look at it as a shuffle the deck
get these guys some experience down the stretch of playing in competitive games and move on to
next year yeah greenway in the first year of a three and nine million dollar extension he's got
two goals and four assists six total points in 39 games he has been struggling this year i don't
know if a change of scenery is in the office for him.
How many has Foligno got?
And I don't mean to pick on these guys, man.
You have some good years.
That's a career year for me.
Aaron called them out.
Oh, did he recently?
I think he mentioned Foligno.
I think he mentioned Hartman as guys who just kind of had,
hopefully they start scoring more.
Yeah, I know Foligno has four goals through 44 games.
Yeah, they're just really lacking that second punch of offense.
So sucks for the Wild fans because they had such good momentum, R.A.,
but I don't know what else to say.
Yeah, as for the Yabs biz, I know you mentioned that Adam Henrik
would be a good fit for it.
He said he's got one year left after this year at 5.825 million.
Modified no trade clause.
He's 33.
He's got 33 points in 55 games on a pretty not-so-good Anaheim team.
Do you think they actually pulled the trigger on that, Biz?
I personally think, as far as a centerman, he's the next hottest commodity in line.
The other name being Larkin, and we'll get to him in a little bit.
But abs are going to have to respond by going to fill in that second line role.
They have not gotten it done by Alex Newhook.
He started the year in that second line center position.
No consistent offense from him.
And it's hard, man.
You're going from being an in and out of the lineup type guy on that championship team
to all of a sudden having to go against second line center across the league.
It ain't easy, man.
Night in, night out.
So I figured that that would be a night.
And you don't probably have to overpay.
There's not a lot of leveraging there where you could probably just do it.
He may be at this point, given the desperate times,
may command a first rounder.
But I don't know.
I feel like you'd get him with an okay prospect in a second.
What was that, Whit? Quickly quickly according to cap friendly this year they're getting hit for 12.7 on parisian suitor next year 14.7 the next year 14.7 and then it goes to 1.6 for three more years
so they're just getting pounded pound they now those are the same dildos from lindsey
spiked spiked one yeah that one's the one from the movie seven the strap on the knife on the
end the machete machete cock what's in the box who who else who else do you think could help
the avalanche i think that like timo meyer is the
next biggest guy but he's a winger and he is so deeply rooted to new jersey right now and they
have to respond with something especially the way pasha's been talking them up and getting timo
meyer with all these other eastern teams in the mix who is the guy that you go out and get if
you're the avalanche and you want to repeat uh i don't know
i think if detroit falls off you could see tyler bertuzzi go i think that'd be an interesting one
yeah they now they're saying he's not getting traded because all of a sudden i'm saying great
he's playing awesome yeah if they fall off though i think you could see them make some moves
well they haven't fallen off and that probably should bring us to our next point and final fucking offer i talked to stevie y this morning before i hopped
on 8.75 dylan larkin times eight years if you don't want it you can fuck off 8.75 is our final
offer for for him to have i think what is it 15 points in the seven games since the all-star break
or 15 points his last seven games like it's-Star break? Or 15 points in the last seven games?
It's all this talk and all these interviews from Biz three minutes before the game.
Are you going to re-sign?
And all of a sudden, he's kind of just like, fuck this.
I'm just going to play my bag off.
And if they don't want to sign me to what I want, then move me.
Because at some point, you're going to have to come to the realization as a Wings fan,
if he's not signed by deadline day, he's gone, right?
You can't hold on to him.
That would be a fair guesstimation.
So all of a sudden, you're Detroit, and you're like,
all right, we're going to lose Larkin and Bertuzzi for nothing?
So he's putting the pressure on and and he's being an absolute
player and enforcing their hand like it it's like let me see lemieux jesus eiserman's such a legend
he knows what he's doing he did this in tampa but he's got to realize like i i maybe i'm overplaying
my hand in a sense right like this kid continues to step up his game the closer we get to deadline
day like what do we do here?
So with the Kane moving is like the number one story in the NHL.
After that, with how he's playing right now,
this Larkin saga is so interesting to me.
I didn't tell you guys.
I got a text from a Stanley Cup, multiple Stanley Cup winning coach,
a FaceTime actually, and then followed by a text because I was getting ragged about the question that I asked him on air and I said I go do you think he's worth nine million and he goes biz he
goes those are the types of players that you don't realize how important they were to the lineup till
they're gone and he goes in free agency he's worth nine million all day long and yes I would give him
the nine million and I said fuck it I said I'll go eat a bag of dicks then, I guess.
I'm glad I lit a fire under his ass then to get that 9 million.
You're welcome, Dylan Larkin.
You should be sending me a little care package after you sign it.
Since the All-Star break, there's seven goals, six assists,
13 points in seven games.
And, yeah, the Wings, they went five straight.
They swept the West in Canada before Seattle cooled them off a little. I mean, they're in the mix, man, 60 Wings, they went five straight. They swept Western Canada before Seattle, cooled them off a little.
I mean, they're in the mix, man, 60 points, 55 games.
They're just two points back of the wild card right now.
I mean, they got a really tough schedule,
15 of their last 27 games versus current playoff teams,
and they played 27 games in 52 days.
That's crazy.
Billy Huso's been great, had his best month since October.
They also extended defenseman Oli Mata, two-year, 6 million deal. Had his best month since October. Uh, they also extended defenseman,
Oli Mata,
two year,
six man dollar deal,
but we'll see if they stay hot.
If they got in playoffs with,
if they're like within a couple of points right before the deadline,
do you think Stevie,
why stands powder?
Maybe make some minor moves for like depth.
I don't know.
It's all the Larkin Bertuzzi thing.
It's like,
okay.
You're not,
you're not going out and adding these minor pieces to possibly get in the
playoffs and make a run. If you don't have these guys signed.
Unless you're totally fine with going to free agency and seeing if you can get it done when the season ends.
Which we saw happen with Forsberg in Nashville.
It's not unheard of, but it's a certainly risky way to go about things.
I'll say that.
But I think Detroit, they haven't been in the playoffs in so long the fan base is amazing
original six with a new arena you'd have to think they're tilt full tilt into getting in what do you
what do you call that wrestling move the reversal it's like it seemed like stevie y had larkin by
the balls a little bit and then he did the fucking switcheroo ski where it's like after the playoff i
don't know he must have been doing a different protein powder than i was doing in fort lauderdale because
he came out of that thing swinging holy shit uh another team i ran jumped right back into the race
this the ottawa senators well before they lost to the bruins today they had won seven of nine
not dead yet uh brady kachuk man absolute beast all year uh 60 points in 55 games leads the
team with 77 penalty minutes jimmy stew right behind him 59 points in 51 games claude geroux
what a year he's having uh 22 goals 52 points how about drake batherson man this kid 144 points in
his first 200 nhl games only spezza yashin and alfredson have more in franchise history so
that kid's on fire and
also Biz these numbers jumped out at me with Ottawa they're third in the league in power play
26.1 and ninth in a penalty kill in 81.4 I don't know man this team again they lost today but
they've had five different goalies they're still kind of in the mix there and similar to Detroit
they got a tough schedule 15 of their last 27 versus current playoff team so busy I mean if
you are the GM there do you just kind of wait and see where you are March 1st or you kind of let
these kids get the experience what do you think I'm gonna hand this one over to wit dog well I'll
say I'll say they they're a fun team to watch first I want to talk about Stutzel Jimmy Stu
I since January 1st he's been one of the best players in the NHL his points per game is up
there near anyone he's got a crazy amount of skill in the NHL. His points per game is up there near anyone.
He's got a crazy amount of skill.
That's a guy that you're, as a Senators fan, you're like,
thank God we hit a home run with that draft pick
because I think you got a stud on your hands the next 10 years.
The other thing I want to mention, Brady Kachucky.
Talk about his numbers, what a leader he is.
Today in Boston, I was watching the game before we started recording.
Perfect, like, kind of description of him as a player.
He goes in on the forecheck.
He's flying, right?
They're playing for the playoffs.
He runs over Lindholm, who's quietly been a top 10 defenseman in the league,
maybe even better than that this entire season.
Runs him over, chases down the puck,
and dives to get a backhand pass to somebody in the slot.
Allmark ended up making, like, a 10-bell glove save. But you you're like that's fucking brady kachuk that's a true captain right there
and that's how he plays every single night so it's not that surprising that this team
hasn't really just kind of shut it down mid-season and had this usual senator lull after the after
the christmas break and january 1st of just being completely out of it, he's, as Biz uses the term, carried his team into the fight,
just like Matthew's doing in Florida.
So it was just like the perfect play to describe him as a player.
And I think, too, Giroux's been awesome.
I don't know if they're getting  I will say right now I don't think they're getting in.
I don't think there's a chance they get in just because of how many teams are right there.
But it was a season in which they
look to be playing games that mattered in march and i think they will be and that's what builds
towards the following season and years after that so while maybe this year won't be considered a
complete success because i don't think they get in it's it's it's like seeing the correct uh
what's ride to the top happening trajectory Trajectory, trajectory. The trajectory of the team is changing.
And, I mean, I know there were rumors earlier in the year
when they were really struggling with getting rid of that coach.
I feel like guys love playing for him,
and he's getting a lot out of a group that doesn't have a lot.
So you mentioned the goaltending situation
and what they've been through.
It's Brady Kachuk leading these guys with a bunch of other young studs.
So Josh Norris being out too, that sucks because what a player he is and it is bright
futures ahead with a new ownership coming possibly a new arena and a team that should be competing
for a long time in the next couple years what a breakdown by you pat yourself on the back mr
whitney now come up i'm No. You're still muted.
I hear him.
No, he's not.
It's your internet.
It's your 40th birthday internet.
Hey, take a lap.
We can't hear you guys.
Take another lap.
That's two episodes.
You can't?
Yeah.
Can you guys hear me?
I can hear you crystal clear.
It was my headphones.
It was my headphones.
These things are trash.
Do a lap, buddy.
Do a lap.
You got to do another one, brother.
But just to piggyback what Witt just said, it was early in the season.
This is me on the pod right now.
He's holding up a full skeleton for those of you listening
who can't see on the YouTube channel.
By the way, you can watch our full podcast on the Spittin' Chicklets YouTube.
You just got to subscribe.
A little quick plug for my boy, G.
G.J. Smith, a lot of criticism from the fan base.
They were asking for his head earlier in the season
when the team wasn't playing well.
It was Brady Kachuk in an interview who was backing everybody off,
saying this is accountability in the locker room from the players.
We love playing for this guy.
We need to pick it up in here, and they have done so since.
So you talk about this team love playing for this coach and the coach.
Yeah, he's a player's coach. Say coach one more time, you fucking idiot. done so since so you talk about this team love playing for this coach and and the coach he uh
yeah he he's he's a player's coach say coach one more time you fucking idiot i i mean he is little
wall right right with like just like he plays just like his father out there he's like a carbon copy
down to the number two man love watching him play well keeping with the kachuk theme his brother man
he's been everything as advertised for flor. 28 goals, 48 assists, 76
points in 56 games. Florida
has been wildly inconsistent, but they're
still in the mix as well. Inconsistent
goaltender, but they could still get in if they play
a little better here. What's your take on the Florida
Panthers?
I don't know. They are playing better,
but I'm not
a Panthers guy, really.
I love Sean Thornton.
He's part of the business side of the operation over there.
Former agent of mine, Paul Kropelka, works for the team.
I'm a Kropelka guy.
I just don't really root for the Panthers.
I don't get excited watching the team play,
especially when they're at home or they're building,
just lacks this, like, punch when you're watching on TV.
I still think the trades they made this summer,
and I look at Huberto and how much he's struggled,
and we'll get into his age in Alan Walsh's tweet.
Holy shit.
But it's just been such an odd season.
Now, with them playing this well now,
maybe it makes a little sense in terms of the enormous changes
that happened with that entire organization over the season. it took them a long time finding they're going so maybe
they continue running that running running the gauntlet here and they end up getting in which
i mean if you're the bruins who do you want to play in the first round if you have the chance
between washington the islanders florida pittsburgh i Pittsburgh. I mean, I'd rather play the Islanders and the Capitals over the Panthers.
I'd rather put my cock and balls in a blender
than see the Florida Panthers in the playoffs.
I'll go even further to say that I'd rather see the Islanders
get that wild card spot than see the Florida Panthers.
I don't know what  the offense is incredible. The defense is a little suspect. I don't know what, the offense is incredible.
The defense is a little suspect.
I don't know what you're getting from goaltending.
I will say it is fun to have them in this mix of 26 teams
that are going for that wildcard position.
I think that we probably need to shift it over to that other team
that's fighting for it and the Islanders and some devastating news
as of right now that's come
out of long island this is uh mind you we're recording on monday and this is about four hours
before puck drop between the penguins and and islanders facing off for the second time in the
last week they had a very a crazy game what was a 5-4 final uh where the where the islanders stormed
from behind a very emotional win as their fan base keeps telling me online.
But the latest, Matty Barzell,
and he has got a lower body injury
in which he ended up getting dinged up in the Boston game.
I'm hearing rumblings that it's pretty serious
and it could potentially be the rest of the year.
They keep their fucking cards so close to their chest.
I don't know what's going on but if you lose maddie
barzell there's no way you're getting that fucking wild card position i saw a tweet that said
week to week and that they think he'll be back before the regular season i know but i'm a
fucking rumor boy buddy i don't fucking care about what the those tweets are saying guys i think from
what i was what i was told this rumor boy was, was his season depends on how the Islanders do.
If they start to win, they'll keep him in there.
But if they start to lose a few games here and get out of the race,
they're going to shut him down for the season.
That's a hell of a rumor.
Well, okay, so if that's the case,
that means he's going to be still injured when he comes back
and maybe he won't be the same player.
So that's a kick in the nuts for a team that makes the big deal and all of a sudden they lose their best player that sucks any any rumors you want to
throw in the mix here with the islanders ra uh no i i don't i don't consider myself a rumor boy
too much i mean you guys are great at it but i don't know i think it's just my my uh oh yeah
you're a journalist yeah you go right for the false information as opposed to beating around the bush.
We should say Florida, after coming back against Anaheim today,
they are currently the wild card.
The first wild card, 64 points,
but they do have five more games played than Pittsburgh, who's in the second spot.
So this race is going crazy.
One more trade to get to before we bring on Chandler Stevenson.
The Rangers went out and got Tyler Mutt for the second year in a row at the deadline.
They sent Ottawa forward Julian Gauthier in a conditional seventh in 2023.
Tyler Mott had three goals and six assists in 38 games with Ottawa this year.
He'll be UFA.
The 25-year-old Gauthier had nine points in 40 games for the Rangers.
He'll be RFA.
And the Rangers, man, they've been on a heater, too.
Had a seven-game winning streak snap Saturday.
They do have points in 10 straight.
They're four behind Jersey.
We just said earlier what they'll probably play the Devils,
but, man, the Devils right now, they're only, let's see,
three points back of Carolina.
So I don't know if that race is over yet either.
I think Carolina ends up winning that division.
As I picked them preseason, as basically every person in the world picked them preseason.
Mott is just  he can play up and down the lineup.
Drury knows him from last year, and I think it's something when you look at that team,
like what else do we need?
All right, we know we can trust the guy who came in and was a part of this squad last year.
It's just  I don't know.
How often does that happen where a guy gets traded to a team and then at the same time of the year,
the following year, gets traded back to the same team?
I'm sorry that I left you, baby.
The David Perron special, right?
Baby, I'm back.
Yeah, well, it's...
Yeah, the Rangers have...
I mean, we went into our Rangers pump session,
I think it was last week,
in terms of like a true Stanley Cup contender.
My wrist is sore.
Yeah, exactly.
So I do still think it'll be them and Jersey, though.
I don't think Jersey will catch Carolina, which means it'll happen.
All right, boys.
Baby, I'm back.
Baby, come back.
I'm a BK.
Baby, I'm back.
Also in Florida, I didn't shout out.
I got a business stick on the way back.
I didn't shout out Brandon Montour.
Guy makes three and a half.
He's a UFA after next
year. I think he's got 48 points already
this year. Just an unbelievable season.
So you lose Wieger and this guy
steps up, plays this well. He's a big part of
that success. Maybe Zito
knew more than us. Some D love. Some love
for some defensemen. Yeah, shout
out to the Panther Bar too when we were down there. That was
good shit. But I think we should send it over to Chandler Stevenson right now.
We had a nice chat with the Vegas Golden Knight All-Star back when we were down in Fort Lauderdale.
So, well, let's do that right now.
This interview is brought to you by GameTime.
GameTime is the exclusive ticketing partner of Barstool Sports.
Created by fans for fans, GameTime is a new ticketing app that makes it easier than ever to score last-minute deals on tickets to sports, concerts, and shows, and they guarantee the lowest price.
They cracked the code on how to score deals on last-minute tickets.
It's possible with the GameTime app.
The biggest last-minute price drops can be found on the seats you thought you you'd never be able to buy me and G have been talking about this
forever.
I've seen concerts,
Red Sox games,
Bruins games.
I'm actually going to Bruins ranges in a couple of weeks.
Thanks to game time.
They take care of us.
And the purchase process takes two taps in 10 seconds.
And once you buy your tickets,
they're delivered directly to your phone.
There's no printer needed.
The app also allows you to easily share tickets with friends via text
so you can get in the game seamlessly.
Skip the hassle and enjoy the moment.
Download the GameTime app or go to the website,
enter your email, and redeem the code CHICKLETS
for 20 off your first purchase.
Terms do apply.
Once again, download that GameTime app or go to the website, enter your email, redeem the code CHICKLETS for 20 off your first purchase. Terms do apply. Once again, download that GameTime app or go to the website,
enter your email, redeem the code CHICKLETS for 20 off your first purchase.
Terms apply.
And if you're at the Bruins Ranges in a couple weeks, I will see you there.
GameTime.
Get your tickets there.
Well, we got a nice late surprise here on our interview day,
which is appropriate because this guy was a nice late surprise
to the All-Star Game here in Florida.
Taken third round by Washington in 2012.
He won a Stanley Cup with them six years later.
He's now in his fourth season with the Vegas Golden Knights,
making his very first All-Star game appearance.
Congratulations, and thanks for stopping by Chandler Stevenson.
What's going on, pal?
Not a lot.
Thanks for having me.
Those are some nice chiclets you got there.
When did you get those new chiclets?
It's that new biz we be bringing those out.
Those are fake chiclets.
That's Marc-Andre Fleury teeth.
That's his pattern.
Oh, yeah.
Late edition all-star, what was your trip planned?
I know you had something planned.
Yeah, Santa Barbara with the family.
A little family time and had to turn around halfway and make our way back.
Everyone's coming down here, though?
Yeah, they're here now.
Parents and brother and his old lady are on their way.
What's up with
santa barbara have you ever been there before no no never been um just didn't really want to be on
a plane but i was on a plane here so um would rather drive uh than be on a plane for five hours
so uh and just kylie's nice anywhere you go yeah how. How far is that drive from Vegas to Santa Barbara?
About four and a half, five hours.
We stopped there in the West Coast, though.
We made a call.
Oh, yeah.
On our 14-hour ride from L.A. to San Jose.
So Brett Merriman could see the ocean, and it was dark an hour into the ride.
We had this Barstool employee who booked us on that drive up to where?
We were going to Basie San Fran.
San Jose from L.A., yeah.
What was his nickname?
Office Manager. Office Manager, Brett. drive up to where we're going to to basey san fran from la what was his nickname so we booked a trip along the coastal highway but fuck it was the sunset two hours into the trip so we're driving on these whiny roads in this rv we're about to fucking tip the thing
over in the ocean so i would imagine you had a better drive than that yeah yeah it was i mean
it's still cold there right now but um yeah it it was kind of that was what we were, what our break seemed like just a two hour or four hour drive because two hours and two hours back. So it was kind of funny that that's how I was just kind of saying how my break was. But obviously being here and getting to do this is special for sure.
It must be just a great feeling this season,
just having an unreal year.
Anything change over the offseason?
Just more ice time?
How has this kind of all happened where you're just really exploding?
I guess last year was good too, though, so it's kind of building on that.
Yeah, just honestly, since I got to Vegas,
they just let me play, let me be myself,
and just the opportunity.
I mean, you guys can account for it.
Anytime you get more ice time, you're going to feel better about yourself I just never got it
I kept begging
the minute I'd ask they put me
in the press box yeah but hey
your potential would be through the ceiling
if you got some more minutes but popcorn per
minute that's what went up
yeah but yeah I mean it's
just in Vegas
they just yeah kind of let me be myself,
and just confidence grew,
and just kind of rolling with it
and playing with some pretty good players along the way, too.
11 years later, after you get drafted,
do you ever think at a certain point,
no way you're going to be an NHL all-star,
maybe even a regular in the NHL,
and here you are in a full-auto deal?
Yeah, I mean, that's something that, you know,
you just kind of pinch yourself at that's something that, you know, you just kind of pinch yourself at
and something that, you know,
you won't really realize until after the fact.
I think that's kind of the MO this weekend
is just, you know, something that you're just kind of
banking memories and stuff like that.
I mean, being here with you guys is pretty cool,
pretty special.
And yeah, I think it's something that, you know,
you'll just be thinking about later and uh kind of reminiscing on uh once the time has passed and
just kind of kind of a wild moment so you were a late addition to the interview i don't know much
about your your past career did you play junior or go to college i would imagine junior hockey
were you a scorer there and then when entering pro kind of had to adapt a checker role and evolved his game offensively yeah played in uh regina uh for four years and yeah just kind of
you know climb the ropes there and uh then yeah drafted to washington same thing there in hershey
uh like i was saying played against you inch. Was I chirping you from the bench?
How bad of a skater was that at that time?
Because that was after my time in the NHL.
I was skating like, you know what I was skating like?
I was skating so ugly I looked like Mark Stone out there.
I was surprised at how big you were.
I wasn't expecting.
That's what everybody tells me.
I look like a fucking midget on Instagram or something. Yeah, I i don't know i don't know if it's uh you know it's because i
wasn't bending my knees when i was skating maybe that yeah yeah just yeah sitting on the bench and
then you stand up and it's like oh he's tall you ever seen a better doorman in your life though
no no i uh i have not yet to see one were you were you a skilled guy at that time were you buzzing
out there were you getting your 20 minutes a game were you getting your touches uh yeah a little bit
um it's just you know as you kind of progress and as you age uh a little bit more responsibility and
um yeah it's just kind of been every league, you know, in junior and then the American League and the NHL.
It's just kind of been, you know, just progressing and a little bit more responsibility as it comes.
That's pretty great, though, that you haven't been handed first or second line minutes.
Like you've earned them at every level.
So I'm guessing even if you had to do with that in junior, it's helped you kind of just be used to like, all right, maybe I'm going to start on the fourth line, but I'm going to work my way up.
Yeah, I think, you know, that just kind of is the, you know of just be used to like, all right, maybe I'm going to start on the fourth line, but I'm going to work my way up. Yeah, I think, you know, that just kind of is the,
you know, just be yourself.
I think that's, you know,
try not to change as much as you can
and just be yourself.
And it's obviously tough at times, you know,
when you're not playing as much
or through a skid or whatever.
But I think, yeah, the more that, you know, you play
and, you know, the more you just kind of, that you know you play and um you know the more
you just kind of yeah work your way up uh you just feel more comfortable it's obviously nerve-wracking
at first when you're you know lining up against you know sid or mcdavid or somebody like that
you're kind of like david like you shitting bricks or what yeah it's uh kind of strictly defense
somewhat skate with them like you're
fast you just he's still gonna out skate you but you go into your pregame not basically i'm a
blanket tonight i'm not fucking worrying about that rondell at all yeah i'm playing defense
tonight yeah not getting a minus but uh yeah that's you know it's you're kind of can't really
believe it and then uh yeah there's some more that you you know play
against uh guys like that of you know that caliber uh just kind of second nature i guess once you're
more comfortable with it no no word of a lie my last nhl shifts were in an exhibition game up in
canada with the la kings organization and mcdavid was playing in that exhibition game i got cut out
there fucking two times against him,
fucking dash one each time within fucking seconds.
He scored both times or he had a point?
He fucking undressed our line, buddy.
I was like, oh my God.
I knew right then and there I was no longer cut out for the national league.
And then I literally stepped on the plane and Sutter called me over and goes,
hey, you're going down.
I was like, hey, hey, hey.
I know.
If you didn't come get me, I was coming to fucking walk over, buddy.
No, but because it's the way that he crossovers and shit.
So, like, going into that game,
are you really concerned about the way you take angles against him?
Oh, yeah.
I mean, it's the same with, like, McKinnon.
I mean, if you're kind of  I don't even know how to describe.
I call him a  he's like
Yeah.
He's coming at you like a horse.
Yeah, like it's just
Like a stallion.
Yeah.
I think if you make a move, then they'll just make the move that they wanted you to make.
So you just kind of stand there and just kind of
You cross-eyed.
Yeah.
Like LBRB, you just kind of lay down and just wave your stick and just try to
yeah uh get them you know not expecting what what you should be doing but um yeah i mean when you're
in person you know playing against those guys and um it's kind of happening it's just kind of like
you don't really understand how that's possible from like okay now you're where you are right now
and like a stick handle in one second yeah it's like you blink and it's like they're there and
you just keep blinking and they're just in different spots and it's just kind of like
how is that possible who are the pros that help you evolve as the player you are like who are
the ones that you bounced a lot of stuff off and had the most impact on your career to date backstrom oshi ov um even tom uh wilson i mean he was uh
i was roommate my first year and uh he was a guy that you know right from day one was set to be in
nhl and he's gotta have the biggest hog too he's got he's got that guy's got it all right he does
have it all yeah he does have it all hate those guys but uh
yeah backstrom's one of those guys i mean swedes they're just you know the best kind of salt of
the earth guys and um yeah he's just you know one of the best guys i've ever played with uh
backy and he just the stuff that he does and how he makes the game look is just kind of
it's like picasso he's just kind of having his way
out there with you and yeah he can pass forehand backhand better than anybody i've ever seen i find
it fascinating how all these players get it done differently you know like you the way you're
describing the players and how they attack you and he's more just like fluid and like he slows
it down he slows it down where you're like okay we'll just go harder at him and he's more just like fluid and like he slows it down he slows it down where
you're like okay we'll just go hard around him and it's like nah man it's like almost like a
zoo ball he's unreal he'll always be like a little underrated too i think just because
obi's there but when you mentioned you know since you got to vegas like offensively it's kind of
exploded i remember seeing you in washington like tons of speed but did you never really get much chance to play with with ovi or on the top two lines were you were you ever getting opportunity
there in terms of like more minutes a little bit i mean um it was the one playoff uh against pit
um in 2018 that's probably what i'm thinking about that was the game that, yeah, I played with Ovi and Kuzi.
And then the round before against Columbus, I was with Oshie and Backy a bit.
But, yeah, we were, like, healthy the whole year.
So we just kind of were just rolling kind of the whole year,
it seemed like.
And, yeah, once I got to Vegas, it was, you know, kind of right away,
like, let's see what you got kind of thing.
And we're going to put you, you know, on every on every line on wing and just kind of go from there you must have
loved hearing that though like i'm gonna get to play a lot more now right you must have been
excited yeah at least two yeah and yeah and that's just kind of it's nerve-wracking at first because
you're not used to that like go back to the lining up against mcdavid and it's just kind of
not used to that like go back to the lining up against mcdavid and it's just kind of now like now what do i do like game on yeah but yeah i think just you know the more that you
played and then it's like oh now i'm on the power play and now it's like you're handling the puck
more and um it just kind of comes back to you a bit um you know from when you're younger it's
you know things seemed a little bit you know more
fluid and then yeah it just kind of comes to you and um yeah it's just kind of been in the rear
view and just playing now just trying to be myself and and have some fun this is a random question
face-offs how good are the top guys are they easier to go against because they're like maybe
a little bit smaller than the grinder types on the bottom lines?
No, you go against Bergeron and it's like
He's snapping them back on you.
Yeah, it's like you're just kind of trying to see
how hard you can push your stick into the ice
to maybe he doesn't lift your stick this time or something like that.
Is he cheating or something?
What's he doing?
I don't even know.
It's like a big like sweep like
and it's just you he's cheating in me yeah i'm not not cheating or like sid like does that
forehand slap to the boards and it's like you can't even like you're trying to stop yeah you're
trying to stop one timer exactly he's popeye so uh yeah there's certain guys that it's just they've
been around they know all the little tricks you'll try try something, and it's like, oh, I've kind of seen that before
and just like lift their stick and pucks back.
And, yeah, some guys just snap and make you look silly.
That was a good question by me, by the way.
Yeah, I like that face.
Thanks.
During that whole cover, you played all 24 games.
Now, did you have a long-time relationship with Trotz,
like going back to minors?
Did you have his instant trust in that playoff?
So what?
Yeah, that was the first time I had him.
And, yeah, it was just kind of this is
he just kind of made it clear this is what we're going with lineup-wise.
And, yeah, it's just kind of
that obviously helped, you know, huge too just getting those minutes
and, you know, his first penalty kill with Beegs. So, obviously, going out against the top unit, it was, you know, huge too, just getting those minutes. And, you know, his first penalty kill with Beegs.
So, obviously, going out against the top unit, it was, you know, challenging.
And to have that, you know, trust was, you know,
something that'll just, you know, make you feel good.
And, I mean, playing with Beegs, he was, you know.
He was a warrior.
Yeah, exactly.
He was, you know, you'd lose your guy.
It's like, oh, no, Beegs has got him. It's like he's got his guy. It's like he was just, yeah, like a warrior. Yeah, exactly. He was, you know, you'd lose your guy. It's like, oh, no, Beegs has got him.
It's like he's got his guy.
It's like he was just, yeah, like a warrior.
And he wanted every league.
The first to ever do it, right?
Yeah.
Yeah, he was, you know, Cinderella story kind of,
if that's what you want to call it.
But, yeah, he wanted every league and was just, yeah.
Like every day it was like if you were going against Beegs,
like you were losing. It didn't matter day it was like if you were going against Beegs, you were losing.
It didn't matter if it was an optional skate or what,
but he was workhorse.
Now you'll play with Baxum in the first game of the playoffs, right?
You got bumped up to him?
Yeah, with him and Osh.
Yeah, I mean, playing with them,
you just got to kind of skate with your head down
and just have your stick out and your puck's just going to hit it.
Oshie's awesome out there like he just he makes the game like look easy too at times and then
you don't think he sees you he just runs you over with like a reverse hit he's a sick puppy with him
getting the cup checks every fucking game in the hallway yeah yeah what was your pregame with all
that nonsense i'll call it uh i like it even now like i just kind of you know once the
like guys are walking out or the clock's done i'm kind of just putting my helmet on uh i don't have
that early pre-game routine it's kind of you know let's go yeah like i could go 30 minutes before a
game and just get dressed and go out kind of thing but um yeah, those are fun. I mean, even today, you know, seeing those when, you know,
Washington Post, some OVs, a comedy show in that
and Carly and all those guys.
So yeah, I mean, it's, I don't have much of a superstition or routine.
Do you have any hobbies outside of hockey?
What do you do?
Golf.
I like golfing.
That's what every guy says now you go to saskatoon all summer
yeah it's too hot in vegas in the yeah in the summer he's like you can't even
be outside and it's and there's probably a bunch of
local pros around there right to skate and stuff
uh a little bit uh mcnab goes back here and there he's from
small town uh outside and used to train with him
and uh yeah he's uh good shit i mean just farmer small town, uh, outside and used to train with him. And, uh,
yeah, he's,
uh,
good shit.
I mean,
just farmer.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Spend,
uh,
got to know him when I was like 14 or 15,
uh,
same trainer and stuff like that.
So,
uh,
going back with him and,
uh,
spending the summers there and it's just go to the lake.
Uh,
just kind of low key.
That's how i liked it chill
the only thing special about your day with the cup take it home yeah i was at home uh i actually
kind of was fortunate enough i got two days with it because i went to uh humboldt because i was
here that they had the bus crash so um the first day was yeah with family and friends and just kind
of doing your own thing went to a fire hall and
um just kind of things throughout the city and then the second day uh we took the bus with it uh
uh humble with family and friends and nhl brought like a shrine of the hall of fame with sticks and
jerseys and kind of the whole shebang and just it was like a full day and there's other pro guys there that uh doing little
stick handling and stuff like that or shooting and it was just kind of a full day of everything
with you know the families uh uh billet families and all that so it was a special day for sure and
uh one that i just you know it hit close to home i knew two guys that were on the bus that uh survived so um yeah it was a good good good day for sure that's that's unbelievable i was gonna i
was i guess i had a transition yeah but i had yeah i had to i have to ask about ovi because like just
the celebration videos him were were like when he goes he probably can hammer drinks yeah he's like when
people ask about him it's like he's made in the lab i mean oh yeah farm animal yeah like yeah like
that puck that he takes to the mouth it's like he just kind of not even bleeding from it like i feel
like he could take a butcher's knife to him and it would just kind of open his skin up he wouldn't
even be bleeding from it like terminator yeah exactly yeah he's like the
videos you see that's him every day like he's not you know a face for the camera or puts on for the
camera yeah he's yeah he's just 24 7 you know always you know having fun and um just busting
guys falls like or is he more just like just loud how How old do you think he actually is? Everything, all the above.
Like 48?
Yeah, I don't know.
Is that a wig he's wearing?
No, definitely not a wig.
But yeah, he's just one of a kind.
I mean, just for the kind of guy he is,
I hope he breaks Gretzky's record just because of what he is like
everybody kind of said he wouldn't do it or he'd slow down and he's still scoring 50 yeah he's a
maniac so going back to the celebration there was a question that i had to ask oshi but i forgot to
um orpic was telling me about this story of somebody at the hotel or getting forgot in vegas
the night of the celebration that kind of sounds familiar but, but I can't think about it off the top of my head.
I can check in my notes after if I still have the exact question.
What's with Oshie's beer-wine combo?
Did you ever experience that?
Yeah.
I mean, there's a lot of guys that are wine guys,
and he just also likes beer too, so it's kind of a two-for-one.
You ever tried that, Oshie? No. So it's kind of a two for one. You ever tried that earlier?
No.
Tried a lot of weird stuff.
He's talking like it's normal over here.
Yeah.
I mean, you know, we just had our rookie dinner in Vegas
and that's kind of how guys start.
And then it's like, oh, sure.
Coming around with wine, I'll have some wine too.
And it's you kind of doing both and mixed bag.
That's incredible.
Every night in Vegas, it's kind of like there's a new crowd every night. You feel like it's almost kind of doing both and, yeah, mixed bag. That's incredible. Every night in Vegas, it's kind of like the, you know,
there's a new crowd every night.
You feel like it's almost like a Broadway performance.
It's like, you know, it's not like a middle of the season,
like maybe you're watching in Boston where it's like a whole hum game.
Does it feel like every night you have to like be on sort of more than usual?
Yes and no.
I mean, it's just the fans are one of a kind there.
I mean, it's Monday night or saturday night it's sold out and
warm-ups is pretty much sold out too um yeah it's it's just kind of a crazy place to you know kind
of sit back and think like i'm playing hockey in vegas right now and living in vegas we got medieval
times on the ice before the game yeah like i remember there was uh when we were there in the playoffs uh for the finals um some of the black aces were down by the bars uh before the
game and overheard some table and they're like yeah we got tickets to some final tonight and
like don't know what it is never been like but yeah we're going and it was like stanley cup
finals and they're just kind of like yeah we're going to some show and it's supposed to be good.
So, yeah, it was kind of like.
I heard Celine Dion singing.
Yeah, exactly.
I had to lose 65 grand at the MGM, but they gave me these cup finals.
I'll go.
Hey, but we got a limo ride over.
Had a great serving turf before the game.
Yeah, the buffet.
We got the passes for the buffet.
Yeah.
Yeah.
But, yeah, it's just kind of kind of you know you're on the strip i guess the first year guys are saying they'd you
know get back from the road and go down to the strip and you know didn't matter what time it was
a night from the road they'd be on the strip and then just kind of got sick of it and now you only
go down there for families in town for a good meal or something are you cool with the crazy
buckets and jerseys are you more a little old school and traditional yeah i'm old school and
traditional i'm i mean even the white gloves i'm kind of one set of gloves two helmets one set of
pants and yeah that's i mean have as many jerseys as you want but yeah having to change the pant
putting the shell on and new gloves is annoying yeah Yeah, like we got two sets of gloves. We got three sets of pants.
You're going to get dealt for saying that.
And three helmets.
Yeah, but I mean, that was just something that I don't care about the jersey.
It's just the gear.
It's just a feel-good thing.
Like it's like fill with his pants.
It's  his are barely hanging on, but he just has a comfort thing.
It's just all a comfort thing.
I mean, his shoulder caps are on his pecs, it seems seems like pretty much on his boobs on his boobs yeah his shoulder caps
are on his boobs but boob they're just got boob caps yeah they're just so old and like his i mean
his girdle could probably wrap around him twice it's just like something that is just routine for
guys i mean sid's of the same same cup for forever so it's just i'm picturing him in like a pregnancy
photo where he's the front he's got bauer like a cup they are like the old do sing the bauer bro
they are like the old school bauer with the bat hey the back is like the clip that you use for
pants we're getting canceled for fat shaming phil kessel that's a there's one way how i wanted to
go out it's it's that the iron man i want phil to come on the show he said he won't come on yeah he
never will he he's not he hates media he does he's i mean that's like it's just him like he
still moves out there like he yeah he's still what he was in toronto like he is shot like he'll come
in and just like wire one top of the circles and the Like, his shot, like, he'll come in and just, like,
wire one top of the circles, and the goalie won't even move,
and it's, like, in and out in practice.
And it's just kind of, like, he's still got it.
Like, he's the Ironman.
How uncomfortable was he talking about being the Ironman, too?
Like, he doesn't even want to, like, talk about it, right?
Well, yeah, it seemed like every rink we went into on the road after,
it was, like, with consecutive games, 1,018, it was, like, Phil Kessler, he's just sitting on the road after it was like with consecutive game 1018 it was like phil kessling
just sitting on the bench kind of like waving and it's just kind of like we're doing this again yeah
exactly he's he's very uh low maintenance just kind of hang out and uh yeah just have fun i mean
he's probably complaining about it all which is very on brand for him very on brand right yeah
it seems like if there's something to complain about it's you know you hear her chiming in he just seems to do
in such an amusing way that's all everybody talks about yeah he can get away with bitching all day
where it's his type of humor yeah exactly he's uh i mean he's been such a good fit like he's
like lts and he's like the glue for us that we kind of were missing with Revo and even Flower.
Getting somebody like him, it just kind of has brought everybody
even a little bit closer.
What's your contract situation right now?
Are you in a four-year deal?
Four-year, yeah.
Year two of it?
One more year after this.
Okay.
Year three.
All right, nice.
So that was signed right when you got to Vegas?
It would have been
after yeah the um year i got traded must have been nice for some security right first like
big deal that you signed i mean just must have been pretty cool i see that rolex yeah yeah i
mean that was uh you know just that it was uh just kind of every year to that point was like
okay we'll get one year yeah qualifying offer yeah exactly just kind of every year to that point was like, okay, we'll get one year.
Yeah, qualifying offer.
Yeah, exactly.
Just kind of that stuff you go through.
And to, yeah, get that, it was just kind of like, holy dina, this is.
Yeah.
Makes you just relax a touch.
Like you're still like not changing anything, but you're like, all right,
I can breathe a little bit.
Yeah, exactly.
Exactly.
And that just, you know, comes with even,
it moves into your play of just being comfortable.
And yeah, exactly.
You don't, you know, put it on cruise control,
but it just makes you relax a little bit.
Who's the most fascinating players, like, in practice for you guys where they just push the pace?
Like, I mean, you got Petro on the back end, Stanley Cup champion.
Like, what makes this team run?
I think just the first year just kind of helped them.
I mean, everybody kind of, you know, sent those guys off
and, you know, they made it to the finals that year
and it's still quite a few guys left from that team
and it's just kind of that's the MO of, you know,
Vegas, I feel like, is it was just kind of that's the MO of, you know, Vegas I feel like is,
it was just kind of an underdog Cinderella story
that you still got, you know, Marchie and Smitty,
Carly, Theo, Naber,
all those guys that are still just kind of playing now
for, you know, to try to get back to where they were.
And I think it's just the fans,
like even being at home and playing in Vegas, it was they're just get behind you so much.
It's just every game is feels like so much excitement because it's so loud.
And I think just, yeah, trying to prove people wrong and just that kind of F attitude that uh i feel like it is i don't hate to get too
hockey on you but you feel like with with this slip that the group's got to galvanize and maybe
get through it like i mean you guys have not been playing well as of late yeah i think last year
obviously having like 500 plus man games lost was you know something that you're just scratching
your head at and then it's happening
again yeah exactly now that it's happening again with stoney getting a surgery again it's kind of
like okay it's not just gonna happen you know we're not just gonna be in the playoffs we're
not just gonna go to the final like it's not just gonna happen so i think to kind of have that
adversity last year to now it's like okay it's for real um everybody has to kind of be better
and pick up their play i think that is something that we've because we went through it it's kind of
not just going to happen for us now is cassidy uh hard on some guys like i know you know he's
had that reputation but he had success at the beginning has it been a little tougher with him
dealing with players as you've kind of lost a little bit? I mean, yes and no.
He just, I'd say, just expects a lot.
Because, I mean, I feel, you know,
any coach that expects a lot out of their team,
that he'll get a lot out of their team.
So for us, it's just, yeah, like right now,
especially we haven't been winning games,
but we've been right there.
So it's kind of we're on like that end of the losing streak as opposed to you shouldn't be winning games
and you're winning games type deal.
Like we're playing better hockey.
But, yeah, I mean, it's just tough.
I mean, you've got guys going through slumps
that have never gone through slumps like they have.
So it's going to turn around.
But, yeah, it's tough to turn around but um it's yeah
it's tough to not grip your stick or get frustrated but um i think the break will be much needed thing
and fuck man you forget like 82 games the ride you go on sometimes emotionally and like how much
it affects you and peaks and valleys i was the type of guy like it came home with me like i have
a hard time shaking it some guys were so good about the minute they left the rink it was family and that's all i thought about when they got there
was all business are you the type of guy where you take it home a bit not really um especially
now it's you know a little guy it's you know you kind of look at him and it's perspective yeah
exactly doesn't even matter but um but yeah it's obviously tough just because i've never gone through
anything like this um in my nhl career anyways of kind of the skid but yeah like you try to not let
the lows get too low or the highs too high it's such a cliche thing to say but that's kind of
what it is and then you get into the dog days of you know that 40 to 60 game mark it's like we're kind
of just over halfway and then you kind of see the light at the end of the tunnel but there's so many
games march now and april's coming yeah exactly so it's just yeah like you said 82 games it's just
like oh man like it's a lot of hockey and a lot of practices and just now i know why the guys used
to drink yeah that's why that's why I said I was fucked.
Like, why did everybody stop doing that?
We could have just all been on the same playing field here
and had a little bit more fun during some of this misery.
Yeah.
You know?
Kind of.
You have to have a beer, period.
Yeah.
Fucking protein shakes.
What else you got going on this All-Star Week?
And obviously playing the game,
you're taking pot in any of the skills competitions.
This ain't going to break the laughter.
Yeah.
Fastest skater.
Oh, shit.
Could compete in that.
You have undercover wheels?
I guess we'll see.
I mean, you know, when you're going back to the McDavid and McKinnon talk,
I don't feel like I have that.
But, yeah, they're kind of freaks of nature in that sense.
So, I don't know. Hope just don't look stupid that's kind of a big stretch in beforehand you have to warm up for the skills
competition are they competing in that I don't know I don't know if they are or not yeah then
you're fucked yeah I don't know how the if it's you know two guys a team or what it is but um
yeah it's uh something that is more nerve-wracking i think than all the other
ones rather than just stepping hard a shot something like that yeah yeah yeah that's for
all that like that's for the vets who get the most banged up the night before where it's like they get
first pick they're like i'm just walking up and taking a clapper i'm not stick handling this thing
i ain't fucking skating on your stupid ring yeah i had too many cocktails last night i'm shit-faced what else other than a fastest skater sorry that's all that
i i don't know if there's everybody participating in something i'm just kind of doing as i'm told
um yeah that's all that it says on my sheet yeah exactly the all-star pigeon exactly first timer
yeah exactly yeah we appreciate you coming on, man.
This is so fun, man.
Congrats on your success.
I know the team's whatever, struggling, but it was a great start, so you guys will turn
around, and thank you for joining the show.
Yeah, no, thanks, guys.
We appreciate it.
Big thanks to Chandler Stevenson for sitting down with us down in Fort Lauderdale a few
weeks back.
Great guy.
Just a great story, too, man.
Kind of a low-key fella, but speed demon as well.
So moving right along, Alan Walsh had another tweet, too, man. Kind of a low-key fella, but speed demon as well. So moving right along.
Alan Walsh had another tweet gone wild, Biz.
After Calgary lost at home to Detroit 5-2 Thursday,
Jonathan Huberdeau's agent Walsh, he took to the bird.
He tweeted,
The definition of insanity is doing the same thing over and over again,
expecting a different result.
Also, negativity sucks the joy right out of players.
CC NHL Flames, in case people weren't sure what he was talking about.
The tweet left his client, Huberdo, answering questions Friday.
I'm sure he was crazy about that.
He said, we're all frustrated.
We can play better, and that's about it.
It doesn't come from me.
Yeah, it's my agent, but it's from him.
It's his account.
He made the tweet.
It doesn't reflect on me or the guys.
We all love each other.
We're a close team. We're going to grind this out make the playoffs uh as for walsh uh jubedo said
i talked to him this morning gave him a call when i saw that i don't want that to happen jubedo
obviously not having a fantastic year so far 38 points in 53 games his eight year 84 million dollar
deal is going to kick in next season uh but wait let me ask does walsh run the risk of like losing
current or future clients with this or do people just say i just fucking twitter who cares billion
in sales he didn't give a fuck i over a billion in sales all right over a billion in sales of what
i think he signed over a billion dollars in contracts he doesn't give a fuck he's already
fucking made his whatever three percent yeah i'm pretty sure i think he said it when he was on our podcast this guy's by the way
favorite fucking personality in hockey right now this guy does not give a fuck that kind of
fucking he's he gives less fucks than brad marshall gives fucks when he might make one of your kim
jung-un betman t-shirts too like he's's a straight-up lunatic, Alan Walsh.
Since entering the agent business in 1995,
Alan has negotiated over 1.6 billion in overall NHL contracts
on behalf of his clients.
Na-na-na-na-na-na.
Money.
Money bags.
Na-na-na-na-na-na.
This is just one of those things that's bizarre to me because I can't imagine an agent who would be willing to tweet something like that without telling his client first off.
Now, he put the sword through flurry in the legendary original viral tweet in terms of being stabbed in the back by the Vegas organization.
Goat tweet.
This one's a little different in a sense of like that one.
He's completely backing his client.
And I understand that's what he's doing here with Huberto.
But it puts your client in just a shitty spot.
And like Huberto said, or I don't know if he came out and exactly said,
but I think he kind of hinted at the fact that I didn't know he was going to tweet this.
But it's crazy to me that he would just send it out
because all you're doing is causing headaches for your client.
So when you ask R.A., is he going to lose people?
I don't think so because if you look at how much money the guy's made his clients, that's all you really care about.
But if you're Huberto and you didn't know about this, which is what it seems like, it's kind of hard to be not furious at the agent.
Like, what are you doing?
I'm struggling this year.
I'm in my own head
possibly the coach is in my head yeah I've probably told you that it's a miserable atmosphere around
the room with Daryl Sutter being a miserable prick constantly but I don't need to then answer
multiple questions about your tweet when I'm already under fire for my play so maybe Huberto
did know about it and and that's like to me the only explanation like yeah
go ahead and send it but then why even agree to have him do that because you still know the
implications it's going to cause you on the back end of it so it definitely got the hockey world
talking and I can't even say that the the tweets incorrect either because Calgary you look at the
you look at the coach who gets miserable when things aren't going well.
That's very evident from what we've heard in L.A.
And when teams are winning, you don't care what the coach is saying
because it's so fucking fun to win games.
The guys don't give a shit how the coach acts or treats people
because you just keep winning.
Well, when the losing starts, it's like, all right, well, we're using the same systems.
We're doing the same lines, and we're still losing.
That's where Walsh is saying, like, am I losing my mind,
or is nothing changing with this team who's vastly underperforming?
So I don't know what the win out of a tweet like that is.
Like, what ends up being the best thing that can happen for your client?
I don't really know.
But it was definitely great to read that come across Twitter.
I was like, oh, we got a little segment.
Make the podcast easier for me
okay I'm well there's a I put it up I put it up there RA with with the Jack Edwards
fat shaming Patty Maroon like did I like to see it no but I'm you don't think I'm fucking
fist pumping when I'm hitting it up in my notes for the next podcast I mean
Walsh he's just a he's a walking, he is pure entertainment.
I love the fact that he did this.
He's calling out exactly what's going in the locker room
for what it is.
I completely agree with you in that it puts Huberto
in the worst possible situation.
But at the end of the day, Huberto could afford
to build a new arena by himself,
but the money he's already got from there, so I can't feel that fucking sorry for him.
So A-plus for Alan Walsh, 1.6 billion in sales.
He'll drop his fucking nuts on your forehead.
He doesn't give a fuck.
I want to see him and Sutter rough and rowdy in Calgary at the fucking Saddle Dome during Stampede.
I'll play the undercard with revo give me walsh
versus daryl 12 fucking 15 fucking rounds like it's rocky bullshit you're gonna you're gonna
have walsh go up against this farmer fucking tough ass western canadian that one's probably
not ending well for walsh although maybe Although maybe he's like a jiu-jitsu master or something.
Yeah, I feel like Walsh is crazy.
Like, he's the type of guy that'll just take off his shoes before a fight,
and you're like, oh, my God, this guy's fucking nuts.
He knows he's a black belt.
Like Coke tough.
He's Coke tough.
Shows up with his sword.
Right off the reserve tough.
The tweet kind of tracked, like, what you've been saying, you know, about Daryl.
I thought it was pretty much in cahoots what you've been saying all year,
basically, like, you know, the players are fucking not responding to him like
they used to and despite not winning more than three straight this year a team goals against
over three in a safe percentage under 90 flames just two points back in minnesota for the second
wildcard so it was inconsistent again another team as they've been there they're right in the
thick of it thanks in large part to lynn holm to folia in cadre they've been playing great
so i don't know we'll see if they get in or not but it, thanks in large part to Lindholm, to Folia, and Kadri. They've been playing great. So I don't know.
We'll see if they get in or not.
But it's interesting how well she does this type of shit.
I feel bad for Mark Sherman in a sense that I know the guy well.
He's a competitor.
He's a gamer.
He cares about the craft, and he's a professional.
And it's just been a tough go.
So you have this guy who was like a possible Vezina winner last year.
The past few years has been outstanding, and, you know,
he just can't find his game.
So they're getting along, and they got the chance to get in
with really below-average goaltending.
So if that can somehow flip, if you can somehow get him to find his game,
then that's a team nobody wants to play in the first round.
And I've been barking it all year, and I hate to reveal my sources
because I'm a pretty loyal guy i don't
like to say names but harvey the hound i've been talking to him basically every other day and he's
been he tells me every day is like the day that mctavish ripped out his tongue by the bench that's
how that's what the environment is like and i'm sure that while she's getting this information
from the same guy and it's hell right now and for another another source told me that
there was a a game they were playing against a bottom feeder recently where they ended up coming
back and my understanding was if they gee look it up if they would have lost that game it was
nah nah nah nah nah nah nah walk the plank Daryl Sutter. What was the team?
They almost lost to a bottom feeder where they came back.
I think it was in the third period.
They beat Columbus in overtime.
And the reason I know that is because Edmonton has fucked me so hard gambling.
I had 35,000 on Edmonton the game before when they lost to Columbus, dude.
So Columbus crushed me out of 35,000.
Then I lost another 10,000 on Edmonton to Detroit last week.
And then I had like 15 grand the game after on Calgary and regulation,
and they won in overtime against Columbus.
So Columbus has completely ruined my Barstool bank account.
Also, I got Calgary and regulation today,
and they're losing one nothing to the fucking Flyers right now at home.
So maybe a coaching change would be the decision there. I don't
ever root for people to lose their jobs.
I'm not saying I want it to happen, but if
you're tree-living, like, I don't know, if you can't make
deals and you made these huge deals this summer,
maybe the next question is the coach.
I mean, I don't
fucking know. What's going on there?
Get the hound behind the bench.
Get the hound behind the bench, Ari.
Biz has been on it all year.
By the way, Columbus, man, they've been playing their best hockey of the year, if you are
betting.
Keep an eye on them, man.
They've been getting some nice prices on the dog.
Sorry, Whit.
I know it's...
He could have used it last week, but...
Columbus owns it.
Whit, did you hear Jack Tripp...
Did you hear Jack Edwards Tripp, the anthem singer, before the game today?
Oh, my God.
Todd and Jilly?
That's nice of him.
Yeah, well, he...
He was probably a little kid, too.
He was coming to
sing old canada and he muffed that he started singing oh i'll say can you see he laughed he
made a joke about it then after jack's like well hopefully the bruins have a better start than the
anthem singer today i was like oh man this guy just can't let someone fucking get off the hook
he's kind of love it you know the anthem singer for the bruins sings the anthem and then goes
upstairs and he's a bartender during the games?
Yes.
Yeah, I was aware of that.
I don't know if you knew that.
So I think we can give him a pass here.
It's just a classic anthem singer move to just go deal some big deal
Bruins right after you belt out the anthems.
Yeah, like a Boston Blue Collar guy.
Well, I think he's from Rhode Island.
Yeah, Todd Angeli, shout out to him.
Wait, you were just talking about the Edmonton Oilers.
How about Connor McDavid and Connor Bedard
hit 100 points on the same night.
Friday versus the Rangers,
McDavid's first period assist
gave him his 100th point of the season.
The sixth of his career in eight seasons
and the third most by a player before turning 27.
Only Wayne and Mario had more.
He's the 16th player with at least six and matched by,
I'm sorry, matched the most by an active player. Sid has six in 18 seasons. He's the only player
with six as well. Let's see here. 53 seconds after McDavid hit 100, Connor Bedard scored his 50th
goal of the season to give him 99 points. He then added an assist to give him fucking 100 points.
100 points in 40 games played.
Biz, we mentioned it a few minutes ago.
Arizona, they playing themselves out of the Bedard lottery.
Points in nine straight, 49 points in 57 games.
Now the sixth fewest points, five teams below them.
What are they doing here, Biz?
I mean, just going back to that ridiculous stat,
53 seconds later that Conor Bedard hits the 100 points. The hockey gods are humming right now,
all thanks to my prayer for Patrick Kane.
Kind of got redirected there.
Must have been a Frontier Airline flight.
Are the Coyotes playing themselves out of a playoff spot?
Yes.
No, they were never in a playoff spot.
They're unbelievable at the mullet.
They dominate the Atlantic.
I think they beat Lease both times this year.
I want to say they beat Boston both times this year
or at least once.
It's just been a bizarro year for a team
that's completely overachieving.
They're doing so without Chikrin in the lineup too right now.
When the fuck is he getting traded?
Can we drop the Chikrin?
It's been like three years it feels like.
Yeah.
What the fuck?
Where's this guy going?
They need to package both goalies and get them the fuck out of here
because both of them are playing out of their mind right now.
Ingram just...
He set the record for most saves, 47, in a first career shutout.
So both goaltenders playing extremely well.
Clayton Keller's having a hell of a season,
coming back off of a broken femur.
Schmaltzy looks awesome.
Barrett Hayton's starting to come around as well.
Michele.
You know Michele?
The Switzerland Italian kid?
Michele.
I think he's got 25 assists right now,
which leads all rookies.
So they are just playing good hockey.
And Bettman was right.
Kim Jung Bettman said teams do not tank, and he is absolutely right.
We should get bonus points for the performance we're putting on
in that college rink right now.
But, yes, we're playing ourselves out of Bedard.
Yeah, pulling a major league.
They thought they were going to tank, and the players took a personal.
Back to Connor Ingram. That was great shit, Biz the players took a personal. Back to Conor Ingram.
That was great shit, Biz.
He was Tampa's third-round pick back in 2016.
He got traded to Nashville, laid away by Nashville, shut him out.
He did give up one in the shootout, but won nothing.
Awesome stuff, just if you're a fan of the game.
So congrats to Conor Ingram.
A belated congrats to Dallas-type Jamie Benn on hitting 1,000 NHL games played
versus Anaheim a couple weeks back.
We can't let news like this go down without giving a big shout-out to him,
the 379th player to do so as well.
Witt, any comment on Jamie Benn, 1,000?
Just an all-time competitor.
I remember playing against him, and you're just one of those guys where,
and it's changed changed and these players come
around less and less, the more the game changes where you got to be on your toes. Cause you don't
know if he's going to toe drag her. You don't know if he's going to elbow you in the head.
And that's maybe sounds brutal to some people, but as a former player and somebody who loves
the game, those are the guys you want on your team loved by his teammates. No surprise. He's
the captain there and he's been there that long. And just to play the way he has, that's hard on the body. And you've seen maybe a little
bit of a slowdown in his career lately. But when you play that hard, it's tough to play this long.
So even getting a thousand games, I mean, one thing that jumps out to mind to me is when he
squared off with Joe Thornton, just two studs. Thornton always played like that. Dirty, mean,
but also just produced points. Jamie Benn, I believe he led the league in scoring one year.
It's been an incredible career for a guy who I think just makes it miserable to play against him.
And if you're looking at GMs and coaches around the league, those are the guys they want.
And they want those guys even without the offense and the game-breaking abilities that he's had for
such a long time. So, I mean, you'll look back as a Dallas Stars fan and he'll come to mind right away as an
all-time great for that team and I think he's had a hell of a season as well this year bouncing back
and listen if you're if you're the if you're the player and have had the career and have the resume
that he has to get called out with Sagan by the owner whoever that was a few years ago that's not easy
to handle for anyone let alone a guy who's accomplished what Jamie Benn has so you just
see a lot of pride and you see a guy who just goes to the rink every single day and there's
there's there's an easy explanation to us describing these guys who get to a thousand
games because they they all have a lot of the same characteristics and jamie ben's no
different so i hated playing against them and i would have loved having them as a teammate so
that's that's pretty easy explanation as to why this guy's been this good for this long yeah the
first guy in uh great breakdown and the first guy in nhl history to hit a thousand games who doesn't
eat pussy it's like it's crazy to think about but i mean just i mean probably the second most famous
person on the planet who has let it be known that he doesn't muck barn dj collied and jamie benz so
congrats on a thousand games he's a legend his teammates love him he's got unreal salad still
too you think with the stress of the game maybe that thing would recede a little bit but he's got
the tats and the slick back just a fucking fucking, no wonder he doesn't got to eat pussy.
He looks like a man rocket.
Yeah, exactly.
Get down there.
Don't be a pussy.
Biz, LA extended defenseman Mikey Anderson with an eight-year,
33 million deal with the 4.125 AAV.
He's got a modified no trade clause for the last five.
23-year-old was LA's fourth round pick in 2017.
What do you make of this deal, Biz? We talked about how underrated that la decor was uh maddie roy uh they got that
derzy kid who can buzz offensively they got dowdy and they got this mikey anderson he's a a pretty
steady defenseman uh really good in his own end he plays with an edge a lot of hip checks he throws
some fucking massive hits and a
guy who's really not talked about uh probably enough because he's playing at 10 30 eastern
time every night so i think that overall with where the market's going everything he might have
left a little bit on the table a very conservative deal for both sides but uh i don't i guess he
didn't want to gamble on himself but he gets gets to stick around L.A. and play with a good team and well-deserved, man.
That's a large, large commitment for a number four defenseman.
I think it's an amazing move by Rob Blake,
and it's very similar to the deal for Samuelson and Buffalo in terms of,
okay, we kind of have the ability to lock this guy up
where a player like this can't say no to 33 million bucks
right that's that's that changes your life you're set for life and we're also getting a deal because
he's probably going to be worth more than that so it's a win-win because this kid has financial
security for the rest of his life if he's smart and it's almost a bigger win for the team to lock
a guy up for that long at a very reasonable rate.
So LA Kings fans know how good and valuable this guy is.
I believe he dominated at Minnesota Duluth Grinnelly.
Was that the school he was at?
I thought he was there.
Yeah, he was. So a college guy.
Won a couple national championships, I believe, there as well.
Yeah.
So he knows what it takes to win.
Obviously, college is different than winning four rounds in the playoffs.
But those are the type of guys who don't really want to risk injury or playing time
or just not developing as you should.
It's like 33 million or whatever it turned out to be.
Yeah, give me the dotted line right now.
And Rob Blake sits around and says,
Dude, we just locked up a top-four four D man for eight years at a great deal. So that, that, that's what you see the league turning to now is, is identifying your talent that
you know, can play at a high level and let's lock them in for a long time to just give them the
option. Hey, this is how much money we're willing to give you right now. Dare say no.
Those are the nice ones too. When maybe you aren't playing the best, you're not,
you're not the top of the headlines either because you're only making 4 million.
All of a sudden, you're a defenseman like that making 6 million.
You're easy to pick out of a crowd.
So, like you said, I don't think he could have played himself up to around 6 million.
I don't think there's enough offense in his game for that.
But definitely, you can't say no to eight years, 33 million.
You'd be a buffoon.
Great breakdown, fellas.
Our boys, the Quebec Pee Wee Tournament just wrapped up the other day.
Our boy Colby Armstrong was up there with his son's team.
We had a nice chat with him, so we're going to send it over to the arm dog right now of Chicklets Game Notes.
So enjoy the Quebec Pee Wee talk.
This interview is brought to you by Sport Clips.
Consider this.
Not every hairstylist is created equal many stylists don't have much
experience cutting men's hair but you don't know it until it's too late at sport clips all stylists
undergo specialized training specifically in how to cut and style men's hair making them not just
stylists but scissor cutting scholars and fade fanatics and whether you're
getting a fade a feather or a faux hawk sport clips takes care of all these guys out there
especially guys like me weird shaped heads i'm bald but i still gotta get it taken down once
in a while they take it down the nub perfect shave the back of the neck it's unbelievable
after all it's not just any average haircut this is the big league we're talking about and these
are haircutting professionals so don't hand your bushy old noggin or your bald old noggin to anyone
with a pair of clippers you want to go to sport clips because sport clips takes men's haircutting
to another level which is why they truly are the pros in men's hair if you're looking for that
haircut guys sport clips there's one near you check it out they're the best at cutting men's hair. If you're looking for that haircut, guys, Sport Clips, there's one near you. Check it out.
They're the best at cutting men's hair.
All right, now it's time to bring on our buddy,
co-host of Chicklets Game Notes,
just got off a 75-hour bus ride from Quebec at the Pee Wee Tournament, Colby Armstrong.
What's going on, buddy?
What happened this weekend?
Holy shit, boys.
Wit, it was everything you bragged about.
How long have you been there?
How long were you there, bro?
I feel like you went there last month.
Six months.
He's fluent in French now.
Bonjour, gentlemen.
He had to give up his U.S. citizenship.
That's how long he was there.
Yeah, they're after me when I cross the border.
They're like, you've consumed too much Tim Hortons, sir.
You cannot come across the border.
Too much Putin.
He's the quickest citizen of all time.
Yeah.
Too much Putin, boys.outine on your donor list on
your life your driver's license gravy just straight gravy cheese curds all over the place uh it was it
was 10 days it was 10 days boys like i don't know what did you do that with 10 days is just insane
yeah we were there well we were there well you won ended up being like around two weeks but you
guys got there and didn't have a game for what, four or five days?
Or was there exhibition games before the tourney?
So you know this.
They have like random pickup games.
So we played a game against a pickup game like the next day against L.A. Junior Kings.
But their equipment didn't show up because the tournament apparently is supposed to bring it.
So this other team was playing.
So it was actually kind of cool.
Our team, they got to play against a swiss team which was sweet for one period
then the la junior kings equipment came we've played them a few times so we were like i'm like
why are we playing these guys we play them all the time it's way cooler to play swiss that was sick
so the swiss team hung around played us for a period their gear got here we finished the game
against the la junior kings uh And then it was Carnival.
You know that.
Merles gave us
the blog on that.
This is like
you're in a movie, boys.
You got to go to this.
It's absolutely electric.
The ice skull.
We need to go.
We need to go, boys,
to the Quebec Pee Wee Tournament.
Chicklets crew.
I think it would be
an unbelievable experience
of culture and hockey
and Quebec City
and winter and all
the things that you can take in but you everyone was talking about you guys i think you're gonna
dive into it more on chicklets game notes the reason i wanted to get you on today was to maybe
get the coles notes or what do you guys call them in the states again i always forget the cliff notes
i do the um but like we've talked about this two weeks I know but it just Doesn't click in my fucking brain alright
But Witt's been
Talking about this forever about how he ended up
Winning it with the North Shore Kings right
And this is like
Oh my god I wasn't
North Shore
North Shore that's like you're playing
With tire irons
I love that busy
The new name is I'd be in. The new name is the North Shore.
I'd be imprisoned right now on the North Shore.
But Witt got to experience this where these peewee hockey players
basically get to experience the National Hockey League
where every game's packed.
All the locals are coming out.
You mentioned it's Carnival.
So really take us from the beginning with this crazy bus ride
in order to get there, how amped up the kids were to go play in this.
I know there was a little bit of a delay until you guys finally got into the action,
but when you were texting us the ultimate result, and we'll get to that,
it just brought me back to playing minor hockey.
No, buddy, I got goosebumps talking right now about just the competitiveness
and not only to see your kid get to experience that,
but how it was to experience as a father and like seeing your kid
goes through something like that.
Well, I, for, yeah, I, it was, it's, it's unbelievable.
And I didn't get to play in anything like that biz.
I don't know if you did either.
So for me going to this, it's all I've heard.
Like obviously Witt and Merles, I played with other guys and Weeksy,
you know, off ESn and nhl network i
talked to him a while ago like a month and a half ago and i told him this is our year we're going
he's like oh my god buddy it's the best thing i've ever done in my life like you're gonna love it like
like so coming from guys that yeah coming from guys that played in the nhl and like playoffs
and chasing stanley cups and doing all these amazing things in your life and still drawing back to your, you know,
when you were 12 years old at this like insane tournament, I was like, yeah,
okay guys. And I always said that you guys always talked about it with like
playing pro with guys that played there and talked about it.
Like it was like the greatest thing on earth. I'm like,
how good could this be? But being there,
I'm not built for the bus anymore though, boys bus down.
We drove all through the night. We got in.
Our hotel rooms weren't ready because we got in at like 7 in the morning,
and we couldn't check in our hotel room until 4.
So, of course, what do you do?
You wheel around Quebec.
That could have been maybe thought of beforehand.
Bring the kids to the strip club.
Yeah, it was bad.
Bring the kids to the strip club.
Yeah.
Get them the buffet.
It's tough planning by the Pittsburgh Junior Pens.
Like, what hotel can you get in at 7 a.m.?
No, I know.
But Army, perfect opportunity to teach your kids about adversity, right?
Going in, yeah, your hotel rooms aren't ready, whatever, man.
You got to battle through it.
But buddy, what do they do?
It's unbelievable.
You walk out of our hotel room, down the main drag in Quebec,
all the way down to Old Quebec.
Right in between there, there's an outdoor rink set up.
And so it's just like kids from all different teams from all over.
There's 120 teams there from 16 different countries.
And the rink is just rammed.
It was awesome.
It was like amazing.
There's ice bars outside.
I'm drinking maple whiskey.
Everyone's drinking this like hot wine.
I'm drinking hot toddies.
I got the cane behind me right here that merle's
told me to get i'm wheeling around this walking cane you pop the top off and drink it it was like
it was like the first four days we didn't really have much going on and it was carnival so it was
like just get on your winter gear and like that city doesn't stop they don't even care about snow
they don't shovel it it's just like always snowing it's just insane like you're in a movie for our
american listeners uh listening
right now uh the drinking age in quebec is actually 10 that's yeah i'm sure the kids were
getting after it too right oh yeah the kids were just getting hammered just sloshed i was like this
is a caesar this is what we drink in canada too so uh it was it was awesome and we hadn't even got
to like videotron yet, Witt.
You would have played it at the Coliseum.
Okay, so that's kind of what I wanted to ask you.
Now, at the time when I was playing, it was still called Le Colise.
I think that was the name of it when the Nordiques were there.
Obviously, with sponsorships, it's changed.
Now it's the Videotron.
Now, our first  I know, Biz.
You love sponsors.
You love commercials.
First, I know, Biz, you love sponsors. You don't like commercials.
So I remember before the first game at Colise,
there are some big-time nerves,
not only because you've been waiting since you're like 9 or 10
and like dreaming of playing in this tournament,
but also the fact you get on the ice.
I mean, there's pretty much always at least like 7 grand there.
The final semifinals are packed, but I just remember getting on the ice.
You're in an NHL-sized arena.
You're like, holy shit, there's like fans here.
So were the kids a little maybe too pumped up?
Kids nervous?
How was that?
I think our kids were really nervous.
I don't think they knew what to expect.
But like we don't play on rinks like that.
You're 12.
You play in like the shitbox rink with like steel bleachers that give you hemorrhoids, you know, like, and there's like, you know, I know.
I'm trying to get us a couple ads on here.
For fuck's sakes.
We need some hemorrhoid ads for hockey dads.
Shitty Cindy's ass books woman.
Yeah, I know.
She needed a different cream.
So the the atmosphere, though, boys, was like to get that.
And that's the first game you play.
The first game you play, everyone gets a game in the Videotron Arena
where the Quebec Ramparts play.
Patrick Waugh and his Q team, which I think is doing really good this year.
They're either one or two in the country ranked right now.
But we had a kid that self-admittedly said he threw up before the game.
No way.
Josh Allen special.
He was so fired up.
He was so nervous.
Like, you ever get that feeling in your stomach?
You know, can you imagine, though?
Like, I was saying this to the whole thing,
and I was seeing it through their eyes,
going through our lives in hockey, right,
and, like, what that would be like at that age to be around.
And, like, there's teams all watching you.
You're in the big
rank the jumbotrons on they're announcing names it's in replays oh buddy it's like electric
it's insane i was nervous i was nervous i was like five drink minimum each game and i had a horn i
was like the horn dad because we i was getting all horned up busy as you say you were
the you were the cowbell lady from the rangers going into pnc arena in carolina christ's sake
army can't be the horn guy i was the horn guy you know what i usually do i usually sit quietly and
another dad in ours we do the games on youtube so all our grandparents and family members can
watch but there you weren't allowed because they have like a streaming service that you have they
like scam you into buying so like you can only watch on this like streaming service um so
we couldn't do that so and then until we went to the other rink then we could do it then we did it
it was back up back up you do you do play by play for all the family members on these uh no we have
a dad on our team jeremy evans shout out to him. He does it, and he's done every game this year,
and he's actually sick.
He's really good at it, and I do color.
I do color for 12-year-old hockey.
That's where I get my practice. The Bruins need a guy for play-by-play.
Call Jeremy.
Same initial as Jack.
Yeah, exactly, and I do the color,
so that's where I get warmed up busy,
so when I come on the TNT between the benches here and there,
that's where I get her from. Pee- come on the tnt between the benches here and there yeah that's where i get her from peewee hockey baby but it was it was insane the first
game was just insane we actually played the boston junior eagles and they beat us to nothing and our
guys look nervous they look real nervous yeah big time their kids are huge i mean their kids are like
look like they're 15 you you met one of my buddies up there right yeah oh yeah so anyways yeah that too i met ra's buddy super good dude came up to me introduced himself as
ra's buddy which i was like that's kind of suspect trying to sell you a dime bag yeah
check your wallet but i was like crack from quebec they call it lay crack
like the color say it's the cracker that's eisenberg shit that's so funny his buddy
was awesome though and like all the parents do like nathan page was coaching a rochester team
there as well um there's some other nhl guys kicking around we lost in the semi-finals
eventually that's kind of leading up to the end to Ryan Kessler.
So once you lose, it's kind of an interesting way they do it.
If you're going to lose, it's got to be that first game
because then all the losers go into that bracket.
And then if you win out that bracket,
you play the teams who haven't lost at all from the beginning in the final.
Correct?
Yep.
Yep.
So everyone's listed down the middle, all paired off.
And then you lose, you go this way in the bracket,
you win, you go to this side, and then you can't lose again.
You've got to run the table all the way through,
and then the two winners meet at the end.
So we were on the loser side, lost to Boston Junior Eagles,
and then beat a couple really good teams to keep moving
and pushing forward.
A team that we'd never beat before, the Brantford 99ers.
Bizzy, you ever played against those guys? Oh, no, in 99ers hey that's what that was their apology to kicking him out
of minor hockey his whole his own minor hockey association it's an oilers logo too with like
99ers on the inside yeah it's sick so you know they were just loaded and you guys ended up pulling
it off
and going all the way to the semi-finals yeah yeah we met up against kessler's team the caesars which
went there as the detroit red wings so it was they looked sick so when we played them it was
like the penguins against the red wings like 0809 cup finals wow all over again it was and you know
it was awesome kessler shooting his kids in the arse with testosterone. He seems like he's a little bit tapped on the minor hockey league stuff.
Was he behind the bench?
Oh, yeah.
He's all in.
And they had these big red winter coats.
It was like the Hawks from Mighty Ducks.
You remember them?
Yeah, they were like the Hawks.
Did they take it down?
Did they take down the finals?
No, this Czech team did, which, I don't know. Check the passports. like the Hawks. Did they take it down? Did they take down the finals? No, this Czech team did, which...
Wow.
Check the passports.
Check the passports.
Tell me this, too.
I'm down.
Okay, I should save this for game notes.
No, no, no.
We at least need to hear what you're going to say.
You can go more in-depth.
Give us the goal notes.
I'm down if you go with your team that you played with all year,
but I get the feeling that this was a Czech national 12- year old team like where they just got all the best czech kids which is like
okay whatever but you know there was a couple other teams in there that were like that too
and they were sick and yeah the czechs went all the way they won they were like isn't that chara
yeah what is he doing out there there he's fucking fuck i thought hey duke retired years ago yeah we're like
like and ladies and gentlemen he's still playing yarmir yogger oh my
why is it just uh it had to be kind of a lot of tears right after. They're so close to going to the championship game.
You just feel so bad for the kids.
And we hadn't played them this year, but we played them last year.
And they're a good team.
They're a really good team.
Good kids, too.
And after the game, yeah, they came out.
The boys were devastated.
So this is the game, too.
0-0 all game.
Probably the greatest 0-0 game I've ever seen.
Edge of my seat.
Chances both ways.
Penalties here and there.
Like, you know, all these opportunities, a breakaway, a big save.
And yeah, then it goes to OT and they shot, rebound, kid dunks it in.
And it was just like one of those things.
And it just like, oh, just ripped our team's heart out.
Our kids are crying.
Like they gave everything they had.
It was probably the best hockey they played all year too, which was like like but that whole experience of like rising to the occasion on that stage in that place with all
these kids and teams there it was insane i didn't even get to the pin trading what we couldn't find
your pin i tried to snoop around for your pin the pin trading is like wherever wherever ra's from like after 11 o'clock at night on the corner it is just electric
factory oh a lot of a lot of bartering for the pins oh my god they have like old dudes with
tables set up and the kids go up to them like can i get one of those pins and the like there's like
old french guys there you know they're like no i already have that one like they're like they're
like they're like scamming like 12 year-olds for pins that they don't have.
They collect all these pins.
They have pins from the 90s and 80s and stuff.
It's crazy.
But these kids are like playing.
They're taking their mom Gucci's purse to trade up for a fucking silver stick pen.
Oh, yeah.
They're trying to.
We were trying to look for Witt's pin.
I wanted to have it for the boys.
Yeah, it turns out I never even played in the tournament.
I made it all up.
We couldn't find it.
Yeah, that's true.
There's no proof.
Did the kids get a chance to spend a day at the snow park?
Oh, my God.
I had to do it.
That's like the best part about there.
You get like eight kids in a snow tube.
It's like a ski hill.
All right, calm down.
I don't think that's what you think it is.
Army, what is it? Buddy, you go in a snow tube it's like all right calm down i don't think that's what you think it is army what is it buddy you go to a snow park it's like in america it's like uh like a
water slide park you know but it's like so much snow there that they do these snow parks and
there's like a million runs you think you have to like i in my mind i got all my kids there hey so
i'm like gonna go daddy domination i gotta drag all their shit up the hill you know i'm pulling i'm thinking i'm gonna have a heart attack this is gonna be a grind
no they have these like little tubes that whip around on these little things you sit on it like
a toilet you just flop into this thing and then it pulls you up the hill all the way up to the
top and then you get on another one you go up higher and then there's like rafts and twister
runs and you could get like eight people in one and or you can go down on your own one it is fucking insane and then you just like walk back and sit on this tube and it pulls you
back up you don't have to work at all it's unbelievable so as a parent it sounds like
the type of place where you don't have to like uh argue with your kid to get to bed at 10 because
everybody's just so gassed from all these festivities and games all day long so 100
sounds like a parent's dream it is it is and even
more so because we did it the right way our kids billeted wit you you might know about did you bill
it oh i built it and the kid i billeted with i'm not gonna say his name after one night
and left so i my dad goes you're not leaving so i stayed with that french family by myself for a
week what a legend that's that's so huge we
were worried about our kids if they were going to be able to withstand it and hold up none of our
kids bailed not one everyone stuck it out everyone loved it but think of this busy that's why so the
kids at certain time the bill just take them so then from like four at night in the afternoon or
whenever you're done all your things for the day they they go to the billet. So then it's just like random dads, some moms.
I had my whole family there,
but they just ripped Quebec apart.
Just a gong show.
We went to this one place every night.
Everyone went there.
It was just insane.
So I say billet.
If you're going to it, billet,
because then you can just do like awesome parent stuff too
and really enjoy Quebec City.
All right.
AKA get wrecked.
What do you think the ultimate dream is when you ended up going to a billet family?
For a young kid doing this in minor hockey.
I mean, I would say it involves a challenge of female your age.
Yeah.
Dad doesn't care what goes on.
I did it one time.
One time in Portland. What's that? No, you asked me a question. What was it care what goes on. I did it one time. One time in Port.
What's that?
No, you asked me a question.
What was it?
Tea with Mrs. What's her name?
And young blood.
McGill.
Miss McGill.
I don't know.
It was taking you too long to spit it out, so I hopped in.
I ended up going to Port Huron.
We played their silver sticks.
Were you upset that I said that?
I'm sorry, Ari.
No.
I shouldn't have said that.
No, no.
I got a text.
I got to read to Colby.
Go ahead, buddy.
Okay. But it was in Port Huronon and i got the billet family and there's an absolute missile two years older than us it was three of us guys staying in the house it was an oh my
you you i'd never seen tits that big in my life and it might have been the first time i got a
boner so the ultimate billet experience here for the one time I ever did it
before getting to junior, obviously.
Yeah, 12 years old.
There you go, busy.
I got to give a shout out to John Dussault.
Johnny Dussault, the head billet guy for our team, the Penguins.
He's like a legend in Quebec, and he's been doing it for like,
I don't even know how long, like 40 years.
40 years.
So my son stayed at his place.
Legend.
All right, you're going gonna read that text yeah my
buddy jay murphy who colby ran into he sent me a text last night he just want he said tell colby
thanks again for the picture and well done on a great show in quebec he raved about he even said
to me he knows i don't have kids like what did he say was he just saying the same stuff as me
all right like rave raving about it like and you don't know like you're staying there if you're
gonna be there one day that that's kind of a weird question but when you book the hotel is
there like a special stipulation like you know what we got to stay another night that they have
that kind of in there so if you got to leave you're not getting charged for extra nights how's that
well i don't know how that worked because i didn't really check into it and thankfully you went
pretty far but this is the first year you've never checked your american express statement
yeah yeah it's just destroyed though i'll tell you that much i uh there's a first year they had girls a girls uh category so they had uh peewee girls at the
quebec peewee tournament for the first year ever so their pins were hot topic because it was like
it was like history right so um but we had a couple girls we had a girls team from england
at our hotel now they didn't make it they They lost out early. The boys team, I think, in their division went pretty far.
But they, because they're from England,
like you come and book the trip and stay the entire time.
So one of their trainers, though, for the girls team at the hotel
came and asked if we could get a picture.
I thought this was kind of cool.
Like she was a Chicklets fan, which is like, I'm like, damn, England, dude.
That's sick.
So I got a lot of show.
Biz, how long ago did you play in England?
Yeah.
There's some kids running around.
She's older.
I went over there and dominated.
She was a trainer.
She was like an athletic trainer.
I don't know.
I went over there and dominated.
It was all blur because it's a big drinking culture,
but I was there for, I think, 20 games.
I think I had 1,000 points.
And yeah, Sidney Crosby of Cardiff.
Now, Army, I think you you're gonna go a little bit more into maybe different stories when you end up doing chicklets game notes next i wanted to get you on obviously because that's a pretty
cool experience and it's good for people to hear it uh especially the parents out there that have
kids who play uh the one last thing i want to ask you about before you go is what the fuck is going on with the penguins i know hey what's going on man jari uh he's back back jari will be back yeah so he will see how he
he gets going i i mean that's been massive for them but there's been a big push i think with
the media here too with the team for like a shake-up of some kind of energy in in in the
lineup and it's mostly like the bottom six
guys right like you know how are they going to insert and remember remember Tanev like how good
he you know he's like a ball energy type of player like that's the kind of guys that they kind of
need I think through the bottom depths of their lineup so um top six is getting it done I think
you know you see what Letang can do when he's playing and then they've missed Jari though for
an extended period of time which has really stung him so the islanders are all banged
up though islanders are banged up but there's like seven teams within five points of each other
i got detroit going uh but i hope the penguins turn it around crank it up up to the trade
deadline here in the next few weeks i've been following it online and the fan base gets nasty
on there towards sullivan and and right now it seems that more of the brunt is going on ronnie
textall yeah because he they want him to make some sort of move sullivan keeps getting the same
question from the media night in night out he's they're basically like what's up with the third
line the third line's costing them games yeah he's been pretty diplomatic about it what do you make
of the third line i just think that line i think that line doesn't have and and you guys a lot they don't
really have an identity you know like you you would hope you would have like a either a checking
line or like an energy type of uh of of personality on that line uh i don't think jeff carter's game
is where it is you know where it was even last year.
And then you either have Kapanen or Heinen they've tried.
They've got McGinn on the other side of Carter,
and that's kind of been it.
It's kind of just been floundering all year long with, you know,
a lack of production or a lack of really anything provided to the lineup as far as energy or personality, which I think they need.
They need that in their lineup.
The fucking energy aspect earlier in the year we had a game on tnt with washington it was sid mixing it
up trying to get the guys emotionally invested even as of as of late there was two examples of
it the game against la where he ended up getting the 10 and throwing out for the first time we can
maybe get your opinion on that and i believe it was either the game before or the game after in Anaheim
and went after Zegres.
I'm thinking to myself, why is it fucking Crosby?
Always.
Always.
If you're a bottom six guy there, I want to grab Kapanen.
I want to shake his fucking head and say, start mixing it up.
Add something to your game.
You'll score three goals and then you'll disappear for three weeks.
Do something on the nights you're not providing offense.
There's no identity on the bottom six.
Why am I getting so fired up about this?
Because I'm a Leafs fan.
I don't know.
But just seeing Sid have to do that as a bottom six guy my entire career,
it aggravates the fuck out of me.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Well, it drives me nuts too seeing that.
It's like Sid, Gino, or Tanger are the guys that are like providing the
passion and emotion more often than not.
I got to give Zucker his props.
He's been a little quiet as of late and maybe banged up a little bit.
I'm not sure.
But he's played an awesome style of hockey this year, which has been huge for the Penguins, having that kind of guy in your lineup.
He's not a huge guy.
He gets all the hard areas.
He plays physical.
He's been really good.
So they need a little bit more of that.
You're right.
And this is what gets me, i i always say this i'm like how are you not in the minors
sitting there as like if you're 22 and you're like i never get a break oh god and just waiting
for my how do you not look at the lineup and be like oh what do they need okay what can i be can
i do this well yeah then go bang your fucking head against the wall and get out there and give her like how do you not jump on the other team's bench to get noticed do whatever
you gotta do how do you not want to do this to make instead of making you know 80 grand a year
you could be making you know write your own ticket for a couple mil times three and be that guy i
don't know i don't know like they just don't i don't know if that's just the game now maybe they
like riding the bus army maybe they maybe. Maybe they like riding the bus army.
Maybe they'll maybe unlike you,
they like riding the bus.
Unlike me.
I got a text from page or two coming back.
So I sent a tweet out.
I'm like still going on the bus.
Like I sent this tweet,
just complaining.
And he's like,
bad look,
Western hockey league guy complained about riding the bus.
Yeah.
What was it?
15 hours.
Yeah.
Brutal 15 hour bus ride. Holy are like christopher columbus in the
western league like i would just see you get half of you would get scurvy during the season
not enough vitamin c is that something for that oh buddy it was bad it's scurvy when you don't
have enough vitamin c yeah yeah they used to get back in the day vegetables oh Sailors used to get it back in the day. You got to eat vegetables and fruit. Oh, yeah. They used to get a lot of things. All right, got me scurvy.
Well, that was my trip, boys.
Everyone should come to Game Notes,
and me and Merle's will pour over it, though.
And when is that coming out?
Next week, right?
I should know.
You're the fucking host of it.
And number two, though, you guys have been doing an awesome job.
Merle's ended up coming on that all-star trip.
He was doing the man on the street stuff.
I know.
He's a great Swiss Army knife.
So just congratulations on everything,
and thank you for all the help.
And you guys have been crushing it.
So anyone listening, go check out Chicklets Game Notes.
They add a little bit of a different flavor
because they actually got their pee-pee wet,
and they have some kids floating around playing hockey.
Yeah, it's been pretty fun.
Thanks, Busy Boys.
Thanks for everything.
And I'll tell you
this the love the community walking around quebec at the peewee tournament getting recognized uh for
being a part of you guys and and how much everyone listens like you guys are hockey dad lifesavers
uh week to week everyone's tuning in you know you know your buddy ra is he was taught he obviously
knows you guys but everyone listens it's it was it was so cool to kind of just like wave to the people i was taking pictures
some guys off the ramparts came down and out of their suite they came down because they're
they're watching they're like all that we gotta get a picture get a few free lap dances because
yeah we got a few pink whitney lap dances in quebec city on the house. Thanks, boys. That was good of you guys. Thank you. Your fifth kid's on the way.
They smell so good.
Matt Chiu.
His name will be Matt Chiu.
Shout out to the Boston Judy Eagles.
Great talking to you, buddy.
Thanks for joining the show.
And that's an awesome story for the kids.
So, Chicklets Game Notes will go into the games a little bit more and the trip.
But we appreciate you, buddy.
All right, boys. Thanks for having me.
Before we go any further, here's a word from our friends at the Barstool Sportsbook.
What's going on, gang? I'm not sure if you checked out the Barstool Sportsbook yet,
but you ought to if it's in your area. There are tons of great ways to play,
including our Barstool exclusives. They're pixie and polys from Big Cat, El Prez,
and other personalities to follow or fade.
We have tons of ways to bet.
You get your daily odds boost.
You get your live in-game bets, same-game parlays, move the line, teases, all that fancy stuff.
And again, a parlay bet within the same game or across sports.
Not everybody does it, but we do here at the Boston Sportsbook.
It's also very easy to navigate and use data and content to keep you informed.
It's easy and secure registration, and there are more ways to deposit and withdraw.
Download it today and use the code biznasty to create an account.
It's a 1,000 new player bonus.
If your first bet loses, you get up to 1,000 in bonus cash.
You must be 21 or older.
Gambling problem?
Call 1-800-GAMBLER.
Big thanks to our buddy Ami making some time for us.
You know, he's been very busy lately, but that tournament
honestly, I think we, I mean, I know we got
a lot of shit going on, but that's a tournament we should
try to get up to some. Yeah, man. Not the whole
two weeks or whatever it is, but sounds like a hell of a
take. Get some skiing in up in that neck
of the woods. I'm down for it.
Little pink Whitney, little child-sized
pink Whitney for the kids. I'm down for it. A little pink Whitney. A little child-sized pink Whitney for the kids.
Oh, shit.
All right.
Logistically, it probably makes more sense than going to Spangler Cup,
so maybe we could do that first.
I think that the Chicklets Game Notes crew,
and I don't know if we can announce this yet,
they're going down to the NCAA final in Tampa.
Confirmed.
We can't announce that.
We will be down there.
Okay.
Boots on the ground. So that's another fun thing about having Army and Merles on board now. We can't announce that. We will be down there. Boots on the ground.
So that's another fun thing about having Army and Merle's on board now
is we can cover more stuff.
I read a stat recently, too, on Instagram, so I don't know if it's true,
but they say college hockey, it's a viewership,
and people following it is up like 50 in the last six, seven years.
And then you're seeing more NHLers come out of the NCAA too.
I mean, that's what happens when you start to add these big schools like Penn
State, Arizona State, they have alumni,
they have just giant student fan bases that can, can promote the game.
And, and me and Merle's actually, when we were in Arizona,
we did a tour of the mullet arena from the ASU players standpoint.
Josh Doan gave us a tour he took us
in the gym he showed us like all the amazing facilities they had merles even went head to
head with their best bubble hockey players so that video will be coming out in like a week or two
yeah merles was telling me that fucker josh doan was chirping me he said when uh his dad would
bring him out of the locker room he goes i want you to look at every player and you see that guy
right there and he pointed me goes do the complete opposite of whatever he does confirmed confirmed he did and
and then we went out to eat at ma gianno's one time and and i don't know if his kids had the
day off school so he brought them by where we would have our pre-game meal spot and i would
usually be the last one because i would get bag scaled after all our practices so i'd be eating
the last half of my meal by myself meal by myself so donor brought the kids in and then I ended up signing
my check and going before they did and like all of them looked at him being like dad like how come
when we eat like that you call us out for manners at the table and he's like yeah that's that's just
biz guys that's a he's a lost cause that one so when is that going to be coming out on the YouTube
channel that should be coming out on the YouTube channel?
That should be coming out the next week or two.
It's really cool too, man.
We met the strength and conditioning coach.
We met a bunch of the boys.
We actually, to do the video, we pulled Donor off the ice
and he missed the sprints at the end of practice.
So the boys were pissed at us.
And we got it all on camera too.
So it's a really cool video.
Uh-oh.
Last thing, I think I we got it all on camera too so it's it's a it's a really cool video oh um last thing i think i already plugged it earlier on the spit and chiclets youtube we got some awesome
stuff about to come out we just did the vlog behind the scenes of the all-star where we interviewed uh
you know we got stevenson here we got dalene uh what's the next thing you just mentioned that
coming out around march 15th i don't know if that's the exact date,
but the Fiala and Pasta Sandbagger will be dropping.
So I don't know if it give or take a couple days,
but that one is brought to you by, I believe, G4,
Labatt Blue, Labatt Blue Light, Pink Whitney.
And was there another one?
Nope, that's it there.
Okay.
But there's, yeah, we have a ton of content
coming on the YouTube channel.
This week on Wednesday, we have the behind the scenes video of arizona when we were at the super bowl the
sandbagger with portnoy and josh richards the dozen behind the scenes it's basically 15 minutes
of wit and portnoy just screaming at each other at the top of their lungs it's it's absolutely
hilarious and then we have an escape room video me merles
and pasha hit an escape room while we were in fort lauderdale it's fucking hilarious and then
like i said we got the mullet arena tour video coming so and then carolina hurricanes the tailgate
we went around the tailgate did a little man on the street so lots of youtube content is coming
subscribe we have 260 000 subscribers right now let's get that thing going and uh and then we'll
keep pumping out some more content.
So I know G's going to be happy.
Two plugs for the YouTube channel.
This is big.
This is big, boys.
Get your hand out of your pants.
Biz, this weekend was the NBA All-Star Weekend out in Salt Lake City.
Your buddy Charles Barkley and Shaq just shitting all over Salt Lake City,
saying there's nothing to do there.
Shaq said he never ate so much room service in his life.
And then Barkley was giving shit to Draymondmond green saying the warriors are done he's fucking hilarious but
i think the big news of the weekend was mac mcclung never heard of the guy he won the dunk
contest second white guy ever to win the dunk contest the first in 27 years after brent barry
and i don't know if it's a coincidence because it was in salt lake city that a white guy won but
either way uh definitely a shock to see after 27 years biz oh it's awesome and this is going to change this kid's life forever
I think before uh oh wait what's up buddy did you see the post his post win interview
no did you see his post win interview he shouted out his inspiration was watching ra shoot hoops
there was another white guy i gotta get another white guy who can dunk so it's if it wasn't for ra just showing us that range i don't know if we have our second white
slam dunk champion that's true a lot of requests from me and portnoy to get a one-on-one after our shoot performances
online lately i don't know if it's ever gonna happen but i'll get redemption someday someday
i'll get redemption but did you watch any of the game biz i don't know if you i didn't watch any
of it i heard it was awful i want to say one of the all-star coaches said that was the worst
basketball game ever played uh it's it's a joke. But the fact that this kid brought the entertainment
to the dunk contest where all these celebrities
in attendance were loving it.
And like I said, this guy's going to make
life-changing money because of this.
I don't know if it was right after or before
he'd signed with the 76ers D-League team.
So this kid has an opportunity to maybe one day
play in the NBA.
I don't know how his fundamentals are. i don't know fuck all about basketball but as far as this league is concerned
a big thumbs up for this guy and what he's going to do moving forward as a result is in regards to
the money situation too his career earnings are 106 000 he won a hundred thousand dollars just
winning the dunk contest so So like you said,
that's going to be life-changing money there.
Sponsorships, what's to come
and man, do more
of these no-namers if they're going to bring the energy
to the dunk contest. There hasn't been
this much hype around the contest since Vince
Carter and Tracy McGrady were going at it.
It seems like NBA fans
are like NHL fans. It's just kind of
all set with the all-star.
What's up, Whit?
A thumbs up for the kid.
A thumbs down to the NBA.
I responded to a Big Cat tweet who mentioned it's disgusting
that none of the players would agree to be the last overall pick,
so they changed the draft format and everything,
and they did something where they drafted the reserves
and then the starters,
so basically somebody wouldn't be embarrassed enough. If you remember,il kessel sat there and took the abuse from ovechkin
and everyone else and it was very funny and it's like who cares i'm an all-star i'm one of the best
at what i do in the world and not to mention like i i was like oh boohoo i make 17 million a year
i'm the last pick in the all-star game draft for the NBA. And people were quickly to remind me, like, it's like 35 million.
It's like I was low-balling what these guys are making,
and they still were being too much of babies
to possibly be the last pick.
It's like, oh, my God.
Can you not take yourself so seriously for one second?
That's unbelievable.
That's embarrassing.
And Phil Kessel, I mean, he ended up being the last pick,
but didn't he get a beautiful Chevy out of it? I want say he might even gotten a Chevy EV yeah I think they gave him
a car that was hilarious too like I was looking for a Marshawn comment I think it was Bleacher
Report on Instagram they did like oh look how guys have aged over the years and they had like Kessel
like before like early in his career then next to him and Marshawn's like yo you really went to
left field for that one like in other words like Kessel hasn't fucking changed at all in the league.
I don't know if you  I'll see if I can find it and send it to you.
But we got to go to you, Ram.
When's the Genesis after the head-to-head battle at home and down the stretch?
And the home interview is after, man.
Really emotional, choked up about it.
Like, some pretty  not tough stuff to watch.
I mean, I think just humanized him a bit.
Yeah, Max home is a crazy story.
Well, first, Jon Rahm, it's one of the most dominant stretches of golf of all time, like Tiger included.
Of his last nine worldwide starts, he's won five of them.
And I believe in the other four, he's finishing like second, third, fourth place.
It's like there's nobody better in the world right now than him.
He retook number one spot.
The official world golf ranking is bullshit.
It's like ridiculous how they do it.
He is by far and away and even before this week the number one player in the world.
So just amazing play by him.
But Holm is an awesome story.
If you're a golf fan, you're well aware of who he is.
And if you're not a golf fan, it's an interesting story.
He was a world beater amateur.
I think he won the NCAAs.
Just an unbelievable kind of come up in the game of golf to where then he turned pro and just kind of lost his game.
And I'd love to have him on sometime.
He goes on every podcast.
I'm sure we can get him on.
I've chatted with him like on Instagram or Twitter before.
Seems like a great guy.
But lost his game completely.
Ended up at like Q school for the corn fairy tour
maybe the PGA tour head to birdie I think for the last five holes to even get status the next year
and he really kind of became famous in the golfing world on Twitter because he's very funny he's able
to chirp people's swing in a great way where he has a different comeback for every single swing
people send them and then all of a sudden throughout him being on social media and just grinding,
I read an article where he's like, I'm just going to be the hardest working person in golf.
Like I'm not going to worry about the results.
I'm just going to worry about, you know, the route on how I believe I can get there.
Dude, he's turned into, he's eighth in the world right now.
And he's like competing and has the chance to win big time events.
I mean, he won the Genesis two years ago.
I think he got emotional talking about how hard he fought out there.
He didn't have his swing on the back nine.
He hits a nice fade, a left to right tee ball, and everything was going left.
So he hung in there, still gave him a hell of a run down the back nine.
But what he was mentioning was when he won it, and he's an L.A. kid,
when he won it two years ago there was no fans so i think all the fans that were rooting him on and all
these people that he knows being from la and playing in la at riviera i think it meant a lot
to him looking back on how hard he fought when he didn't have his a game and and knowing that all
these people were there to root for him and support him so uh if you're gonna win with class you gotta
lose with class. And I
don't think there's anything classier than the way he went about the loss and explaining how it all
went down. On the same side of golf, the full swing was released, which is the documentary on
Netflix. It's similar to what Netflix did with F1. And that's just been a huge success. I think
it's helped in grow the viewership and have F1 become so much bigger in the United States.
It was always such a global sport that now I think because of that documentary, more U.S. people are tuning in.
I've watched half of them.
I think there's eight.
So I've watched four of them.
It's okay.
I was expecting a little bit more.
These golfers, man, they're weird cats, dude.
It's like the one episode
justin thomas uh they sorry no i mean you said they're weird cats and i went yo you think i've
seen a couple clips that fucking kepka looks like a douchebag yeah he just he can't get out of his
own way a little bit just like the ultimate hardo but even with him they're at his house and he
he won four majors, top of the
game of golf for a three-year stretch. And all of a sudden, he's sitting around and he's like,
and anyone who plays golf will know, he's like, I lost my swing. I lost my game. It's like,
I sit around when I'm playing bad and I'm like, I'm so bad at golf right now. The game is crazy.
Like one day you'll play amazing and nothing will change. And the next day, everything feels
different. And when you see these high level world class players going through the same thing that 10 handicaps go through, it's just such a crazy game. But one of the episodes, Justin Thomas, they happen to be following him at the PGA Championship that he won last year. So it's pretty lucky of Netflix to be following the guy who ends up winning.
up winning and team sports are so incredible because you build this brotherhood and this camaraderie and you see individual sports and yeah when they win they get all the accolades
and when they lose it's just them to take the beating and put the beating on themselves but
thomas wins and it's this crazy rush of media and celebrating with his family and emotional
it was his second major and he's walking out to the parking lot and he's like that's it he's like
i wish it went slower like all of a sudden he's getting in the car parking lot and he's like, that's it? He's like, I wish it went slower.
Like all of a sudden he's getting in the car and it's over.
And for sure he celebrates with friends back home.
But it just made me appreciate, you know, playing a team sport my whole life
because, you know, I don't know, but you win the Stanley Cup.
It's the boys.
You know, it's just the boys.
And it's just you and the guys talking about what each guy meant to the team
and what you went through and each battle each player had throughout the season
with the media, with the coach, with themselves.
And to play an individual sport,
it's like you almost have to be a little sociopathic
in terms of like you shut down everything and everyone
and you focus on yourself.
So it's hard to kind of be a normal human
when everything relies on you and what you do.
So the documentary so far,
the best episode was the one on Joel Damon,
who's kind of a career. He's had a crazy life. His mom passed away at a young age from cancer.
So he's a big advocate for cancer. He then got testicular cancer later on. And he's come up to,
he's the 70th ranked player in the world. But he talks about these top 10 players, these John
Roms, Justin Thomas guys, and then him. And he's like, I'm not even close to these guys. I can't win a major, but if somebody has got to be the 70th best golfer in the world,
it might as well be me. So, I mean, if you like golf, I think you'll enjoy it. I think people
who are really into golf, maybe we're expecting a little bit more and maybe people who aren't
golf fans will really enjoy it and pick up the game of golf. But golf's in a good spot. I think
the PGA tour is exciting i think live
golf i'm not i'm not really into that i don't blame the guys who took the money but i also
think there's probably some regret within those guys wow fucking nice synopsis there went also
we should mention our new co-worker dan rappaport is featured in that uh documentary series as well
uh he thought he works with the four playboys nice to see him up there. Yeah, dude, my old lady doesn't
like golf at all. She pissed through the
whole thing over the weekend, so she enjoyed it. But check
it out. Boys, this has been an awesome
show. Snap it around. Any final thoughts?
Whatever before we end it?
Well, you mentioned co-worker, and
we haven't been able to get to it this podcast
because it's ran super long, but
the kid who showed up from Long Island
in Fort Lauderdale, this is not over.
Grinelli has gotten a few emails.
If you want to hop in and talk about these,
is it okay to talk about his mother
has reached out via email to basically let us know
this kid needs to get out of my house.
He needs a job.
Is that where we're at at this point?
Yes, his mom uh seems like a very
nice lady sent sent me a few emails this weekend and she she did assure us that he will not slit
our throat so i think that's the main point she was trying to get out there is he will not slit
our throats he's a hard worker and uh yeah we'll see what happens well i'll say i've heard from a
lot of people i would say the overwhelming uh feedback I've got is you're absolutely crazy if you hire this guy.
I got a bunch of texts.
I did have support for him.
I did have support.
This text cracked me up, though.
It said, you do not hire the GM of the bar.
Never, ever, ever.
Complete psychopath.
I've had to fire people like him.
Steer clear. Probably pretty valid points. never ever ever complete psychopath i've had to fire people like him steer clear probably pretty
valid points what i go back to saying is he did such a goddamn good job my buddies i was telling
the story when they were down here they mentioned um there was no chance he wasn't doing this in a
prior prior in life too like when he says he was working for the islanders he 100 was going to
islanders events and saying he worked for the Islanders to the people at the event and then telling the Islanders that he worked for the Islanders.
He was Lou's assistant.
He was Lou's assistant.
That's what he put on his resume.
I don't know, boys.
I don't know.
He fucking did good work.
He's like, who the fuck is this guy?
Who is this person next to me?
Actually, I got one last note.
I had a fundraiser yesterday here in Charlestown.
A longtime buddy of mine.
I've known him for like 45 years.
Jimmy Hinkston.
He's going through a cancer battle right now,
and they had a fundraiser for him.
And just wanted to give him a shout out, Hinky.
I love you, buddy, and I hope you get through this.
There was hundreds of people turned out on a Sunday afternoon to show up.
They had raffles and silent auctions and all that stuff.
Literally never saw that many people on the nights at Columbus in my life.
It was a great day.
A lot of people from the town, like you were talking about, people supporting and friends.
It just makes you proud to be from a town like this.
And then people from out of town come over to support them.
So again, Jim, if you're listening, buddy, we love you and we're pulling for you.
And we'll get you through this thing, buddy.
Take care.
All right.
Is there a link for people to donate anywhere?
Or do you want to tweet out a link and then we can retweet it from the Chicklets account so people know where to donate?
Absolutely.
I'll dig it up and I'll get that to you.
Good thought, Mike.
So thanks for letting me say that, boys.
And I'll end this by saying, once again, like, thank you so much to my family, my friends, my wife, a very special couple of days for myself.
I don't deserve it, but I just had such a great time.
And I think for anyone out there listening, as you get older and when you have kids, you get married or even when you just move along in life, like, friendship is so important, but it's also kind of hard work.
So at times you have great friends.
And when you see them, yeah, it's like no time has passed and you're right back to being good buddies.
But my only advice would be do your best and staying in touch.
I got people that are lifelong friends that are so good at staying in touch because it is work.
But there's nothing more meaningful than a great friendship.
So I'm sure all you listeners have people that mean a lot to you out there and
all of you listeners mean so much to us. So once again, another week down, this is such an exciting
part of the year for us. We'll be going more episodes when the playoffs start. So it's a great
time to be a Chicklets fan, I hope and think. And it's so fun to work on the show with you boys. And
I wish you'd been down here as well. So you were carrying the load in Carolina. I can't thank you
enough for that. And I hope everyone has a great week.
Oh, my last thing.
So I'm playing in the Gasparilla.
It's an amazing mid-am tournament.
I wouldn't be in without the help of some members
who helped me get into this tournament.
I've become friends with people down there,
so I get invited back.
My goal is to make the cut.
I've played in two of them.
The first time I played wasn't close to it.
The second time I played,
I doubled two of the final three holes
to miss the cup by one.
So this is the year for the wit dog.
Maybe if enough people reach out to Grinnelli or myself and want a round recap.
I know sometimes people like that.
A lot of people hate it.
I could do it on my Twitter after each round if you want it.
But they got scoreboards out there with your pictures.
They got fans out there.
It's a pretty special event.
So I can't wait to get down there and give it my all starting Thursday.
Well, I was going to say, my only advice would be don't be handing anybody any tampons if you're out driving them.
We don't need you getting canceled.
Oh, fucking A.
That fucking story.
Are people really mad about that?
Because let me tell you something.
Put a quarter in them.
Anika Sorenstam outd drove a guy in a tournament one time
And like handed him a skirt or something like that
So what the fuck
Where's the rage on that
I mean what's the difference
Tiger slightly made a funny joke
Women hit the ball shorter than men
Okay
That's facts
That's science
I'm sorry to break it to you
So when a
Close to 50 year old Tiger Woods
Is pounding it by one of the longest hitters in
the game and makes a joke with the tampax and you actually get offended go fuck yourself
you know big deal it's just a beach whistle who gives a fuck hey all right what a pod boys that
was a blast love you guys wit happy 40th buddy you deserve it ra you're a machine and g two plugs
for the youtube channel you're on top of the
world baby
love it baby
