Hey, Spittin' Chicklets listeners, you can find every episode on Apple Podcasts,
Spotify, or YouTube. Prime members can listen ad-free on Amazon Music.
Hello everybody, welcome to episode 435 of Spittin' Chicklets, presented by Pink Whitney from our friends at New Amsterdam Vodka here in the Barstool Sports Podcast family.
What's going on everyone? Just 10 more days left in the regular season.
Weather's starting to get nice, looking forward to raising health of playoffs.
We've got live streams, watch parties, all kinds of shit coming.
But first we say hello to the boys for us the wit dog let's go to you first i feel
like i'm listening to this and fast forward right now what about you yeah he's humming he came in
breathing heavy crushing coffee i he's just frazzled he's i don't know what's going on 180
on the heart rate i yeah exactly it's more like the nerves first shift and you just got to get
run over to get back into the game that was my thing a lot of people said get a get a hit and get a hit in and you'll feel great well
i just had to get hit that's how it went in my world um but what's going on guys yeah so um
crazy couple days actually i shouldn't say crazy somewhat relaxing turned into crazy so i shot to
uh pittsburgh thursday morning wednesday morning yeah Thursday. Yeah. Wednesday morning. Grinelli
and McQuaid were with me and we did a meet and greet, which was great. I mean, good turnout.
I would say the line was solid for about an hour and 45 minutes. Met a bunch of great people,
Penguins fans, Wheeling Nailer fans, Bissonette fans, signed a bunch of bottles. So that was a
great time. And then I ended up hopping on a plane the
next morning 5 50 flight dude 5 50 in the morning if you're setting your alarm at like 350 or
whatever it was like that that's a crime against humanity army told me there'd be no security line
whatsoever dude i got there the security line was all the way back to the airport hotel i was staying
oh my god that's insane you know you know when you walk out of the hallway all the way back to the airport hotel i was staying oh my god that's
insane you know you know when you walk out of the hallway from the hotel g to like the terminal
that's bananas the line was back into like where the the hyatt was so i i just said hey is this a
security line they're like yeah i'm like tsa pre-check yeah i just walked all the way up
and then just said hey dude i'm so sorry i'm late for my flight can i caught you and he's like
yeah no problem because i would have missed the flight um so i was kind of you slipping the 20
you slipping the 20 no no i signed a hockey card for him it was nice of me i uh i was flying to
miami though to meet my wife i don't think we've had two two nights without the kids i don't even
remember one just a whack fest yeah yeah well listen listen so well actually miami in its
own what a weird weird place like i'd never been i'd never been to south beach or miami i don't
know how but i'd never been down there the people's bodies i'm talking men and women like how does
everyone look so good it was i felt disgusting i felt like will ferrell with his shirt off in old
school screaming at everyone in the gym after he burnt himself to a crisp.
I was just so gross compared to everyone else.
I can't believe the shape these people are in.
Now, granted, if you're walking around with no clothes on half the time,
you kind of have to be in good shape.
But I was disgusted with myself.
Yeah, it's a competitive market down there.
Oh, Jesus.
Everybody's just fucking everybody too
like one hotel something like that and uh gym was unbelievable what the girls are wearing in
gyms nowadays should be illegal yeah there's a guy johnny swole or whatever on twitter and
instagram all social media there's just like there's just like an insane gym culture now
where these girls wear like-strings to work out,
and then they'll record themselves, and the minute a guy looks at the video,
they're like, oh, this guy's harassing me.
It's insanity.
How am I supposed to do some planks with camel toes left and right
everywhere you look in the gym?
I was with my wife.
She's like, what the hell's going on?
What is this?
I mean, we got girls sprinting on the cross.
You know the treadmills that you have to, like, make?
The treadmills you have to make move on your own.
Oh, yeah.
Those are hard.
Tits are flopping around with these girls.
I'm trying to do a sit-up.
Just correct yourself.
I'm walking on the treadmill.
I'm walking at, you know, I got my pace, like 4.7, little bit of an incline.
I've moved the incline up lately.
So then we went to the pool.
And all of a sudden, I actually hear this kid.
He's like, Mom, Mom, can I get a picture?
Can I get a picture?
I'm like, what the hell?
No, this isn't to me.
And I look, and Luka Donic was at the pool.
Who's that?
He's the stud for the Dallas
Mavericks oh yeah the ball player okay and um so he ran over and Donich seemed like the man he was
so nice and then kind of what I was saying about Ryder in the Bruins locker room how cool it is to
see you know your own kids like have such a good time like this kid dude was looking at the pictures
on his phone he was in heaven he was that happy it made the his phone. He was in heaven. He was that happy.
It made the kid's life.
He was like a 10-year-old.
I mean, definitely a basketball fan.
Well, all is good and well.
Two great dinners.
Mila and Carbone.
Awesome.
Awesome.
I would say Carbone was even better.
I'm at Carbone, and all of a sudden, taps me on the shoulder.
Keith Yandel.
No.
Randomly? I didn't even mention I was down there.
I was down there for two nights.
And, you know, it was just me and Bree visiting her brother who moved to Miami. And so Yance was
with Rick Pitino's son. So the Pitinos were all getting together and Yance had a nice dinner.
Restaurant was amazing. I guess the first one was in New York, then Vegas. We went to the Vegas one
after All-Star Game biz and then Miami. And then there's one going to Scottsdale, too, he mentioned.
So, well, all is good and well. Great little trip, little alone time with the wifey. And then there's one going to Scottsdale, too, he mentioned. So, well, all is good and well. Great little trip.
Little alone time with the wifey.
And I have Saturday morning planned.
We had a 1 o'clock flight.
I had Saturday morning planned.
A little loving.
A little loving once you wake up.
A little gym session.
A nice breakfast.
And, you know, I was almost thinking to go to the gym first before the loving because you just get so frigging hard.
Oh, yeah.
You get a little harder.
I'm a red-blooded American.
What the hell am I supposed to do seeing these parties?
Get extra half an inch.
I had my whole plan.
Whole plan.
Dude, 6 a.m.
I wake up.
I move my neck one centimeter.
Oh, for Christ's sake.
Buddy.
Ah!
Ah!
I'm not.
She jumped out of bed.
She thought someone was in the room stabbing me ah dude i've never in my
life been in agony agony dude i was actually like i think we have to go to the er i couldn't
i couldn't breathe and i had this muscle spasm dude i'm on my side on my phone screaming like
if i moved like the slightest inch it would just be like a stab in the neck you could tell i have a heat pack on my neck this injury right now i'm battling through this injury
i am on muscle relaxers i'm on everything right now so if i'm not making sense it's not my fault
dude i found this like mobile doctor in in miami and i called and they said they could send him
over he got there in like 30 minutes dude i, I'm dying. I'm holding my neck.
I can't even talk.
And I said to him, I said, don't take this personal.
But are you really a doctor before you put that needle in my neck?
He's like, yeah.
Like he could have told me no.
I think I still would have taken it.
Steroid shot in the neck.
Tore it all in one ass cheek and muscle relaxer in the other ass cheek.
Holy jumping.
Buddy, I went from a 10
out of 10 in pain to like 7 out of 10 so i was able to fly home but no morning loving no morning
workout no morning breakfast so now i'm just battling through this it's kind of my flu slash
injury game while on flexorol whatever the hell this is but that was my weekend actually one final
thing can i read a nice note? Gee, should I read this?
I was just going to say,
I was just going to say,
you shouldn't have had the lovin' before the workout.
Maybe that's what did it.
You fucked up your night.
No, buddy, I didn't even get any of it.
No lovin'.
6 a.m.
Oh, I assume that the day before that you did it,
maybe that's where you threw it off.
Oh, no, I think the day before I did it,
like snapping my head around at some girl's camel toe.
It was not my fault either at some girl's camel toe.
It was not my fault either. My wife is doing this. She's like, look at these people.
So at the meet and greet in Pittsburgh, a woman came up to me with her daughter and she said she was kind of like nervous talking to me.
Gee, I'd say she's definitely nervous. Ryan, I wrote you a letter. My daughter read through it first.
She says it's OK if I give it to you.
I'm like, okay, I'll read it after.
I'll read it after.
We took some pictures, signed a bottle.
So on the car ride, I'm like, let's lead this letter, boys.
So first off, it comes from Glendale Animal Hospital.
So the fact this woman's a vet, you just know she's a great person.
Veterinarians, besides just raping you for your money, are great people overall.
I say that in jest, but it's very expensive.
But they're great people. They're looking to help animals.
You have a way with words, my friend.
She says, wait.
Need the Millberry button again.
Yeah.
Just want you and Biz to know that I love you guys.
And R.A.
First, you two are former Penguins, so I always have a soft spot for former Pens players.
Except Marion Hossa.
But after your
interview i at least forgive him i especially love biz as a former nailer as we are from wheeling
so really i started listening to you guys because i knew who you were but the chemistry you three
have is awesome and you are both so self-deprecating ask ra what that means about your careers in the
nhl that it makes you more likable
and relatable no offense wit but you look like you could be an arrogant asshole and yet you're not
you both you both listen like this one you both help me to understand hockey and men better as a
55 year old woman your stories have never offended me or come off as misogynistic.
My husband hears your stories and says, yes, men are like that, honey. So it's actually helped my
relationship with my husband. You guys are great. You give insight into what pro hockey players
actually go through, and it's not always a famous or secure life. Thanks to all of you for making me laugh and learn.
Also, my new dog name is Whitney for a few reasons, but one is a nod to you.
You joined the Hall of Fame pet names at our house.
We've had dogs named Lemieux, Jaeger, Sid, Talbot, Letang, Tuca, and now Whitney.
Wow.
P.S. Your wife must be a saint.
Keep her happy. Thanks. Nancy Olson. So what Your wife must be a saint. Keep her happy.
Thanks.
Nancy Olsen.
So what a wonderful.
Mary Olsen, excuse me.
It's in cursive.
That's why I was struggling.
So that was a very nice note to receive.
But yeah, that's my week.
That's a lot to unpack.
That's a lot.
Who's really buzzing here?
Holy shit.
Well, I'm on drugs.
There you go.
It is great to get letters like that on our DMs or emails or whatever.
Because we have fun with goofballs with this stuff, but sometimes we don't realize the
effect we have on people sometimes.
It's awesome to hear.
We talked about the guy who won the Oscar, the kid from Goonies and Indiana Jones.
I got some nice DMs from people who are married to Asian folks or they have Asians in their
family.
Just a simple gesture like that,
they really loved it.
No, I know.
That took a right turn.
No, same vein.
I mean, just people,
we don't intentionally reach out to them.
You're an honorary Asian now, all right?
I think he kind of is Asian now.
Yeah, you are.
Oh my God, my twin brother's been shot.
R.A.'s going to sign up for karate this afternoon.
He's going to really
take a leap of faith. We think we've helped
the mental health of the hockey world,
but R.A.'s just helped Asians gain
a little bit more respect in our country.
I respect it, R.A. And also,
we talked about Han and Ryan Singh
last week, and a lot of folks are chanting about
that. That's actually one of Jeff's clients, too, Biz.
I didn't realize that when we talked about it. yeah he doesn't oh benino benino benino
is one of these guys yeah yeah yeah yeah i mentioned before checked out uh the real sports
thing but it's a dynamite segment next up paul brazen has the business you got a lot of miles
on you this week holy shit boy okay so your your meet and greet story reminded me of ours i mean
we went to chicago to the the Barstool Bar at River North.
It was awesome.
It was super chill.
There was a lot going on that day where they had a Hawks game
against the St. Louis Blues.
Cubs game too.
Cubs game too in Wrigleyville.
So it was like the perfect busyness.
I got to sit down with basically every table, have a little chatter,
give them a big deal brew, take some photos.
And then there was a bunch of amazing Labatt folk there as well.
And then the next day we ended up driving up to Green Bay,
a place that I'd never been before.
But I'll tell you what, the people there are like the nicest people on the planet.
Like it's hard to actually describe if you've never been there,
how nice these people are.
Like you think they're messing with you.
You think they're fucking with you.
That's how nice they are.
And we went to the bottle signing or excuse me, the case signing, although plenty of people showing up with Pink Whitney as well.
So showing the love to both brands and the Green Bay Gamblers stopped by.
It was a Festival Foods.
It was called.
Yep.
Festival Foods.
Yes.
We went there and the Green Bay Gamblers were actually supposed to be playing a road game.
But in the direction they were heading, they were having all those tornadoes.
So they ended up canceling the game.
There were a crazy amount of tornadoes in the Midwest recently.
Some people lost their  tons of people lost their homes.
It's really a sad scene, but because their game was canceled,
they were able to pop by.
And afterward, there was a guy there, and I had no other appearances planned,
but one of the gentlemen who  I believe he's a part owner in Abbey's.
It's a local sports bar, mostly hockey.
He's like, hey, we got a bunch.
We got the D3 team there.
We got a bunch.
St. Norbert's.
St. Norbert's hockey team was there.
I think they've won five national championships at the D3 level
where there was a bunch of other people there.
And he said, hey, listen, Biz, we got a bunch of people that are there waiting.
Do you mind popping by?
And mind you, at this point, I went 45 minutes over our two-hour appearance.
So I was pretty gassed, and we were hoping to go get a bite to eat.
But he said this was one of the bars that the Barstool Fund ended up helping out during the pandemic.
So it made sense to go over, and we got to meet some amazing people there.
So I thank the guy, although maybe at first I was like, oh, my God, we got to go to another appearance but it worked out perfectly and it was awesome it was good to chat
with all the local folk and shout out to the st norbert's hockey team too right when we walked in
before they didn't even know we were coming and they already had the beer pyramid of big deal
yeah they were buzzing but the one thing at the appearance at festival foods that jammed me up and
i was almost a little rattled where this little
kid came up look he looked exactly like johnny goudreau and he goes hey biz i got a surprise
for you and we ended up posting on our social media and he pulls out two belts that are together
and at first i was kind of like oh okay i'm a little freaked out here what's this guy gonna do
and then he challenges me to an Iguana wrestling match. No, bro.
Did you do it?
No.
Fuck no, I didn't do it.
This little guy looked a little bit intimidating,
and I've never Iguana wrestled before.
And for some people being like, what the fuck are you talking about?
This is something that, what, Charlie McAvoy and a bunch of guys
were doing inside the bubble?
Or were they doing it at college?
Yeah, I think they were doing it at world championships first.
Yeah, and then they did it at their rookie party.
And then they did it at a rookie party.
So this kid challenged me, and I felt bad
because I was so jammed up and stunned and disgusted
at the fact that this guy just challenged me
to an Iguana wrestling match at my signing.
I kind of pigeon-tossed him.
So if you're out there and you're the guy who challenged me,
it was more so of my own insecurities
at the fact that I didn't want a guy the size of Johnny goudreau dummying me in a physical altercation so how about i how about i
hurt my neck staring at triple g's imagine if i did an iguana there you go there you almost died
i i avoided the neck injury this weekend and you went full full bore at it so nothing really much
here ra on my end other than i've been working my
dick off the last week and a half i did two coyotes broadcast two tnt broadcast a lot of
flights i was in chicago um uh green bay obviously and then uh and then now in new york city filming
a bunch of stuff for the fdny nypd we're doing some commercials with the guys and really interacting
in which we have two of
the guys who ended up fighting a few years ago. And when I say fight guys, these guys aren't doing
the Jersey jabs. They're trucking haymakers at each other. We're going to talk a little bit
later about this FDNY NYPD game that we have coming up on the 15th, but there is a genuine
hatred for one another and we cannot wait to it, even so much so that how popular it is.
When I was doing TNT on Sunday, Wayne was there,
and I don't know if he caught wind of it or I don't know if Ty brought it up,
but he says he wants to come on during the first intermission with us.
So Wayne Gretzky is going to come on for the FDNY NYPD broadcast
April 15th at UBS Arena.
That's a huge elevation. And of course,
it's raising money for a great cause. And these guys are jacked up. It's their Super Bowl. They
do it once a year. And currently right now, FDNY unbeaten in five. So we're going to get more into
it later with the two guests we have coming on. Documentary comes out this week too. Wednesday,
6 p.m. on the Barstool, I mean the Spittin' Chicklets YouTube channel.
The documentary,
we've been following both these teams around
for the past year
when they travel,
you know,
in the locker room,
basically everywhere.
And this documentary
is one of the coolest things
we've ever done.
And it's the 49th year.
It's been in existence.
They had,
a few years ago,
they had the 20th anniversary
of 9-11.
That's when that big scrap
happened between the two guys
I sit down with.
But other than that, we're excited for the broadcast
and it was great to spend some time with those guys.
So a crazy week and a half in my book, R.A.
I can't even remember what the fuck I ate this afternoon.
Yeah, I did not much of anything this weekend.
Just watched a lot of hockey.
Oh, great input.
Atta boy, R.A.
Good job.
What do you want me to fucking lie?
But Mr. Granley, what did you do all weekend?
Anything fun? Better than me, all right. Good job. What do you want me to fucking lie? But Mr. Granley, what did you do all weekend? Anything fun?
Better than me, I hope.
I also ran into a close personal friend at a restaurant in Chicago.
I sat down, you know, long flight, sat down, you know, in my sweats, looked like shit,
little high, sit down at a pizza place, and I sit next to my close personal friend, John
Mayer, who was having dinner with Alex Cooper.
So it was very awkward.
I was very scared.
I don't think I picked my head up from the table one time.
But it was awesome.
I'm a huge John Mayer guy.
So it's cool to see him.
Once again, didn't say a word.
But other than that, crazy week.
I think I put more Delta miles on my card than ever this week.
I was in Pittsburgh, then to Chicago, then to Green Bay,
then back to New York in four days and couldn't be happy to do it.
The fans were awesome.
Did that look like a bump and uglies dinner or a friend to friend dinner?
It looked like a business dinner.
It looks like some sort of business dinner.
That's how it all starts.
And the reason of intimidation was because McQuaid sat down with me
and he asked, he's like, you think Alex Cooper remembers you, right?
And I was like, no shot.
If I walked up to her, there is a 0 chance she would have any fucking clue who I am.
Also, though, the reason I noticed all this, John Mayer, he travels with security.
Big guys in black suits that just surround his table.
No, he's big time, man.
He's huge.
He's like a world-renowned artist.
Yeah.
So getting intimidated would be weird.
I mean, they're just people.
I'm a pussy biz.
We've learned this.
I'm a loser.
I'm a pussy.
Well, at least you have some input today.
You're a pussy.
All right, what do you got?
I was going to ask you, how was Chicago?
I know a lot of people have been saying it's not the same place it was a few years ago.
Did you guys feel it was still Chicago or what?
I don't hang around Chicago enough to know it to be any different.
If you're talking about pre-pandemic to post-pandemic, it maybe didn't look as vibrant.
I would agree, R.A.
That's funny you say that because the second you said it, it kind of clicked in me.
I'm like, it was a little off.
It was a little, I mean, once Barstool Chicago gets out there, it'll be a little different. But yeah, it did seem a little off to me, R.A. Yeah, it was a little off. It was a little, I mean, once Barstool Chicago gets out there, it'll be a little different, but
yeah, it did seem a little off to me, R.A.
It's a great spot. We were talking about bachelor parties
last week. Biz, I went there, I want to say
2003, it was dynamite
place to go for one. It was Kerry Wood
versus Roger Clemens. Clemens was with the
Yankees going for his 300th win.
Dynamite time. So then we took a bus.
The Red Sox were playing in Milwaukee.
So we caught a bus, drove up to Milwaukee to see the Sox.
We're in the parking lot at whatever stadium Milwaukee plays in.
All of a sudden, a bunch of strippers come on the bus.
We had strippers on the bus in the Milwaukee parking lot before the game.
And I walked in.
I was so hungover, couldn't drink beer.
So I smuggled wine into the mill of pockets.
I had a Fuji bottle, man.
You know when you're too hungover, you can't gas a beer with three.
You got to go with the hot stuff.
I'll tell you right now, I've been hungover.
It's hard to drink beers.
I couldn't drink wine, though.
Really?
Yeah.
I don't know.
It seems like an easy gateway to fucking chase the scares away.
White wine?
No, no.
I'm a red guy.
Oh, okay.
Always a red guy.
Before we go any further, you know what I'm here for, and that's to bring up my love and
passion, New Amsterdam Vodka's own Pink Whitney. It's got
my name on it. It's incredible. The feedback, the amount of people that drink it, the amount of
people that enjoy life when Pink Whitney's in the mix. And if you haven't tasted it, please go out,
grab a bottle. You'll enjoy life. You'll have fun with the people you drink it with. It tastes
phenomenal. You catch a nice buzz. And at the end, you just
get to get another bottle the next night. That's how this works. We have people sending us pictures
of hundreds of empty bottles around their apartments, dorm rooms packed with Pink Whitney,
nips being brought into sporting events. It's the best drink you can drink. It's the best drink for
winter. It's the best drink for summer. It's the best drink on a golf course. It's the best drink for winter. It's the best drink for summer. It's the best drink on a golf course. It's the best drink on a boat.
It doesn't matter where you are.
The taste, the smoothness, and the color all combine into one to make a powerful drink
that brings you smiles and brings you joy.
Without New Amsterdam, we don't exist.
Without New Amsterdam, Pink Whitney doesn't exist.
And thank you so much for supporting our brand and buying that drink and catching a buzz
while laughing with the fellas or the ladies, because we know the ladies love the pink wit.
Maybe not me when I'm pink from in the sun, but they love the drink.
So thank you to New Amsterdam. Back to the podcast.
All right. Gets a little bit of hockey here. Regular season ends in 10 days. Like I mentioned,
they get two days off. Then the playoffs start on Monday the 17th. We got nine teams already
in the playoffs. Atlantic, Metropolitan,
Pacific, three leaders, and basically the Central,
the three teams are going to get in. It's just a matter
of getting a couple more points.
Four wildcard spots left in the East. You got the
Islanders, Penguins, Panthers,
and Sabres still alive in the West, Seattle,
Winnipeg, Calgary, and Nashville.
We've been goofing on for a little while here.
Florida and Calgary, we call them the trade victims, but they're putting it together at the right time rightg, Calgary, and Nashville. But we've been goofing on for a little while here. Florida and Calgary, we call them like the trade victims.
But they're putting it together at the right time right now.
I mean, Calgary, this Tyler Toffoli dude, he's been out of his mind lately.
Fucking done this little streak run.
Do you think they get in with it?
And if so, people are going to be afraid to play them.
Yeah, and what's weird is that it's probably Vladar that might get him in.
And you mentioned Toffoli a career year.
I think he's already a career high in goals, career high in points. And if you think about that team and how
much of a struggle it's been for such for so long in this season without him, I don't even think
they're close. I mean, late game, late game tying goals, game winning goals, always like physically
in the play, just definitely that the MVP of that team this year. And Vladar stepped it up big time in terms of Markstrom
kind of just hasn't been able to figure it out this year.
He got a little hot and then cooled back off.
And we've talked enough about the awful communication or relationship.
They're in hate-fuck mode right now.
Exactly.
It's like they've turned so hard on him where now the success is coming.
Much like in L.A. where they pigeon tossed him out of the meetings
and had it had that much enough of him,
I think the team is so infuriated by him now that now they're winning.
It's fine.
His master plan, playing chess, not checkers, is finally working,
and he wins.
It's the classic, just like the Iguana guy.
They brought out the belt, they got it around,
and he's getting the classic hate fuck.
Daryl Sutter special, baby.
And that's how he wins Stanley Cups.
That's how he does it.
I would be fearful if they become an eight seed.
That's playoff-style hockey.
They have two great goalies who I think the word has been around town
is that they were getting a little bit mind-fucked by the mind games
that Sutter was playing.
And from a goaltender's perspective, you're on an island.
That's the last thing you need.
You don't need mind games.
This league's hard enough with the amount of power plays
that teams are given,
the amount of offensive players you have to play against.
Christ, you're in a fucking division with McDavid and Leon.
I mean, let's start there, right?
And all of a sudden, you've got Seattle,
the way that they're pumping in the offense.
So overall, I look at them exactly
like I look at an Islanders team in the east just the worst possible wild card matchup where if I'm
a if I'm a division winner I'm looking at Seattle I'm looking at Winnipeg and I am licking my chops
I do not want Calgary getting in but credit to them for figuring things out. I still don't  I mean, the fact that they had to muster up a win
against San Jose, a game which they were down in,
it's still bizarre this late in the season where they're
It was Anaheim, right?
Last night you're talking, Sunday?
Oh, I thought  excuse me.
I thought it was San Jose for a sec there.
It was Anaheim.
It was Anaheim.
We had mentioned that Calgary was the only team in the league
not to come back
from being down, going to the third period and win
a game. They've done it two games in a row now.
A complete chicklets.
Exactly. Whatever we say, the opposite happens.
It's pretty much how this show's gone forever.
Game of the
season coming up. I believe it's
on Wednesday night. Well, before we move on
from Calgary, are you talking about Calgary? We're not moving on.
We're not moving on. My apologies. Mind your business. Take a lap. Game of the season, Wednesday night. Well, before we move on from Calgary, are you talking about Calgary? We're not moving on. Okay, sorry. We're not moving on. My apologies, sir.
Mind your business.
Take a lap.
Game of the season, Wednesday night, Calgary Flames in Winnipeg.
That could end up determining who the number eight seed is.
Somehow Nashville's still alive.
They have a huge game tonight, Monday night in Dallas.
But Winnipeg, I think they have like three days off, maybe longer.
And Calgary's playing in Chicago or against Chicago the night before.
Then they got to travel, and then they play that Wednesday night game against Winnipeg.
So Winnipeg has no excuses, no excuses whatsoever when that game comes up.
It's a back-to-back for Calgary.
Winnipeg has just been horseshit for months.
They got two huge wins this weekend.
They beat up on Detroit bad, and then they crushed Pasha's scumbag Devils bad. Six, I think six one. Six one, yeah. Six one. So I think Calgary ends
up getting in, and you said exactly what was on my mind. I want to play Seattle. I mean,
and I don't mean to kind of dog on Seattle, but first time to the playoffs, not as strong as they were the first half of the year, the second half of the year.
And the Pacific winner is going to end up getting the eighth seed.
I think the Pacific winner will end up with more points than Colorado, Minnesota, or Dallas.
So that means the Central matters so much because instead of having to play Mini or Dallas, right,
you get to play Seattle if Colorado can hold on.
So the seedings really matter right now in terms of division winners.
I think it matters most in the West right now.
And keep in mind, that's with the two teams in place right now.
To get to play  if you're the Edmonton Oilers
and you get to play the Seattle Kraken,
or if you're the Edmonton Oilers and you get to play the Winnipeg Jets,
you're licking your chops at that matchup.
And, Witt, I don't want to go back to it toog Jets, you're licking your chops at that matchup.
And Witt, I don't want to go back to it too hardcore.
That's why I brought up the L.A. situation.
Whereas that is an atrocious matchup compared to the other two teams I'm mentioning.
You know what else was atrocious?
Was you trying to talk about all the guys with 10 goals on your team when Edmonton actually has more guys with 10 goals on their team?
What does me mentioning and talking and pumping LA's tires have to do with the fact that you
had no knowledge of the depth of your team?
I know the depth of my team.
I didn't know exactly how many 10 goal, how many guys with 10 goals.
But you're trying to talk about how scary LA is and your entire point was mute considering
we have more guys with 10 goals.
I didn't realize it at the time we then
went on to beat la to nothing easy okay that's we're 901 in our last 10 and we are not worried
at all about the kings you are wrong okay that was a funny rant i'll get right i'll get right
rant i'll applaud your rant now going back to going back to the mute point like i never said
that edmonton didn't have depth i'm talking about the fact that you're saying that the team didn't scare you
where I'm saying, buddy, in that game that you guys won 2-0,
you were outshot in that game where, yeah, hey, Skinner's been playing great.
And that's the one big turning point in which now I'm like,
okay, this team is a wagon and they're probably, in my opinion,
the best team in the West, specifically when they're getting that type of goaltending.
But they're going up against a very difficult opponent
that has experience come playoff time
and is used to being able to shut down top-end guys.
Kopitar has experience in that.
What did Nathan McKinnon say when he came on our podcast
when we asked him who was the toughest player in the league to play against?
Who was his answer?
Who was his answer?
What was that, three years ago?
No, he didn't. He said Deneau.
Was that three years ago? Yes, it was Deneau for much older. against who was his answer who was his answer but what was no he didn't he said to know he said three
years ago yes it was to know for much oh and he hasn't and he's gotten better offensively so i was
not taking anything away from edmonton when i was complimenting la i was simply saying that of all
the teams possible for you to be matched up against la would be an atrocious first round match
up to to hey you don't you don't you don't think them going to seven
games with la took a little bit of wind out of their sails last year against the colorado avalanche
i'm not talking they looked brutal against calgary the next round i'm just saying from an overall
saving energy for this massive playoff run atrocious uh a matchup going back to calgary
though guys we know it too daryl sutter he brought that LA Kings team in as the eighth seed.
And what did they do?
They marched all the way to the final.
I think they only had three loss that entire playoffs.
So Calgary Flames, folks, look out.
Look out.
Sorry that Edmonton had to get all the attention.
To not just talk about Edmonton the whole show, which I pretty much could,
based on how good they are right now, I will agree with you.
I would much rather Winnipeg, Calgary, or Seattle than L.A.
Oh, God.
I would fucking pay large amounts of money to see them win the division
and then have to play Calgary.
That would just be
They would fucking smoke Calgary.
I know, but just the allure of getting the Battle of Alberta back.
You look back to six weeks ago,
there wasn't a snowball chance in hell that that would have been a matchup.
And all of a sudden now you're getting a rematch of last year
with Calgary having this much fucking pressure on them.
The thing that would scare me about that matchup is the fact that there's
zero pressure on the Calgary Flames.
So be careful what you wish for, Whit.
The final thing in the McDavid magical moment of whatever.
What the fuck am I trying to say?
No, no, you're good.
We get it.
In a mind-blowing McDavid stat, he is the first player in NHL history with five 10-game point streaks in one season.
The first to ever do it.
Gretzky was the only guy with four.
So McDavid has five different 10-game point streaks this season in a legendary MVP year with Leon probably the second best player in the world right now.
It's an amazing team that's really kind of figured something out.
And if people actually still are out there and don't think they could win a Stanley Cup, you know absolutely nothing about hockey.
There was also a weird stat about that one night.
It was when Leon had a hat trick.
There was five other players around the league to have one,
and then there was, no?
There was five hat tricks and five shutouts in the same night.
There you go.
I knew it was somewhere.
Thank you very much, Ryan.
For somebody who's on four or five different drugs right now,
you are performing quite well, my friend.
Thanks, man.
Yeah, Biz.
Leon Dreisaitl, Noah Greger, David Pasternak, Alex Tuck, and Kata Verhage.
The last time there were five hat tricks in one day back in March of 89,
and there were only two days in league history that had more.
One day in 84 had seven, and way back in 1917 had six.
Pretty cool record.
Nice little nugget, R.A., thank you.
A little bit.
Oh, absolutely.
You mentioned Winnipeg.
We might as well talk about them now.
Rick Bonas, after they blew that game in San Jose, they just looked awful.
I don't think I've ever heard him say anything remotely like that in all his years of coaching.
If some of these guys think they've given us everything in their tank, they're dreaming.
I don't know who he was putting it to.
He didn't name names.
But since then, they went 2-0, 6-2.
They beat Detroit, beat Jersey, 6-1.
Currently in the wild card.
But same question, Biz.
Does Winnipeg get in?
And if they do, is anybody going to be afraid of them?
If I was a betting man at this point, I would take Calgary.
I just feel like they're going to have some weird mojo going.
But to contradict myself, sometimes you see this happen.
You see these player coaches pull out that card,
which they don't do very often.
We saw it two times in a week from two desperate coaches.
We saw Paul Maurice in Florida, and bonus call out his team via the media.
So it's been a very weird year for the jets.
I mean,
everyone thought that,
you know,
coming in that it was going to maybe not look so pretty with all the changes in
the off season and then maybe getting bonus.
You know,
I think there was a lot of question marks about that,
him being an older coach,
but he can easily work his magic with that veteran experience. Everything turned around great and then you had morrissey who was he might
even still be a norris candidate in the top three if not just falling out for the back half of the
season but uh hellebuck looked like himself again but just sometimes you go on these skids man and
other teams are playing desperate and then not all the guys in your lineup are giving you everything in the tank.
At a certain point, it doesn't matter how nice of a guy you are in the locker room,
you got to use that card.
And he did it at the perfect time,
just as these other teams are starting to tread in the right way.
So let's see if it's a last-ditch effort to get them into playoffs.
But, Whit, if I'm a betting man, I just don't have a good feeling about them getting in.
Yeah, if they didn't have Hellebuck, I'd really be down on them.
But just the fact that he can steal you a game in these final 5-6, that gives them a good chance.
What was crazy about that press conference was, if anyone watched it, you kind of have to see the video of it,
but apparently he's been telling Scheifele he has to shoot the puck more
and that Scheifele's constantly kind of looking to make the perfect play
or hold on to it a little bit more.
And one of the reporters mentions that Shifley said post-game,
like, yeah, we just got to have better control.
We got to hold on to it, make sure we get a better chance.
And he rolls his eyes.
He just rolls his eyes like disgusted.
Well, what did he end up doing?
He moved Shifley over to the
wing and he ends up playing him with um with Wheeler and I think Dubois and Shifley got I
think his first goal in 10 games um Wheeler Wheeler got his first in 20 and then Kyle
Connor got his like second in 15 games so their studs had just totally dried up.
And by moving Shifley over to the wing,
I read that Bonas told him,
listen, if you don't feel like you're in the game enough after the first period,
just tell me, I'll put you right back on center.
But they started buzzing around.
And then all of a sudden it was Ehlers playing with Wheeler.
And I forget who was on the other wing with them.
It wasn't Niederreiter.
I'm drawing a blank.
But they figured something out
by getting that powerful top line
with Connor playing with Shifley on the wings, right?
So I think that that's a huge deal
because their offense had just had nothing,
and all of a sudden,
two games in a row with a six spot,
it's just one of those things.
You get confidence.
Like, people think it's crazy.
You can play the exact
same way and get a couple goals as when you were playing when you weren't scoring and that next
practice you feel lighter on your feet the puck feels better on your stick you just feel like you
got more time and space so hopefully that kind of figures it out for them and gets them going because
let's not forget what what would we say December we were were talking about they could win the cup, right?
And Josh Morrissey's having maybe the most underrated,
not talked about great season in hockey history by a defenseman.
He's got over 70 points, and he's led that team.
He's been tough. He's been physical.
We saw him take the cross check in the mouth from the guy in L.A.
I'm drawing a blank on who that was last week.
So it's a team that definitely needed those two wins,
and one of them being against a real good jersey team.
So we'll see what happens.
It's all about Wednesday night.
I think whoever wins Wednesday night between them and Calgary
is going to get that eighth spot.
Well said, my friend.
That was Blake Lazard, too, who cross-checked in the mouth.
Blake Lazard.
Right in the yap.
Got him.
One other note.
When Calgary came back on Sunday versus the Ducks,
that was the 139th multi-goal comeback this season, a new NHL record.
There were 138 back in 2019.
It's been insane, man.
Imagine that, 139 comebacks.
You guys see the girl who got the Zegers tattoo,
but she got it with the 46, and then he had the number change?
She was off the glass the other game.
Where's the tat?
I don't even know if she knew.
I don't know, but she had a picture printed out of the tat
on the sign she brought for warm-up.
That's like all the people who get Stanley Cup champions
before the playoffs start and then the team loses in the first round.
Security.
Dog eats hat.
Get the old restraining order ready there, Ziegs.
Cable guy!
Sunk.
Going back to the Panthers.
Monday last week, they went up to Ottawa, the Battle of the Kachuk Brothers.
Panthers got smoked 5-2.
Well, Panthers were playing Toronto Wednesday.
Big Walt, Keith Kachuk, on the radio, talked about his son's team.
He said, I'm a little disappointed in the Panthers.
They're a soft team, and they're getting everything they deserve right now.
Matthew is pretty devastated right now with where they're at.
Guys, have you ever heard or know of a player's father or something like that
going to the media and saying this stuff?
It's great content.
I'm going to hop in here.
I don't really look at it like the guy's father when the guy played in the show
and scored 500 goals.
It's more like anything hockey-related he can have an opinion on.
I love the fact that he went on there and said that the Florida Panthers, from watching all the games, was playing like a bunch of pussies.
I think that's amazing.
And I have no problem with it.
If it's Cam Bissonette hopping on TSN to talk about the Leafs power play,
I'm probably going to get a little concerned.
But I do not view Walt.
I view Walt.
Walt should be in the Hall of Fame at some point.
One of the best American-born players has scored 500 goals.
He can say his piece.
I loved it.
I think it sparked the boys, and they've looked like a different team since.
I want to say that next game, though, or was it  yes,
because they ended up playing the Leafs, and they tied that game up late, correct?
Yeah.
Yeah, and they actually  the Panthers took a one-night lead.
Toronto got two quick ones, but they challenged the second one, and that's when Maurice flipped out, Paul, during the challenge.
An all-time flip on the bench.
Quickly, Biz, I would tend to agree with you that because of Keith Kachuk's career,
you don't look at it like a father.
But on the other hand,
I kind of did look at him as a father
because of how he brought up Ottawa
and he brought up his other son's team.
And he said, you know what?
I watched them and they may not have the most talented team,
but they fucking bring it every single night.
And Florida has none of that.
So that kind of, it almost brought his other kid into it
to kind of show that when he's watching these two teams play,
it's night and day different effort given by the two clubs.
If he would have been like, Brady's got a bigger horn too,
then I say, okay, then I view it as a father.
I don't.
I think he's just comparing two unbelievable hockey players from a non-biased perspective. That's the then I view it as a father. I don't. I think he's just comparing two unbelievable hockey players
from a non-biased perspective.
That's the way I view it.
And from a Florida Panthers perspective,
you got bigger fish to fry.
You got Brooks Koepka waving cones at your players in the crowd.
Well, we'll get to that in one sec.
We're going to get to that later.
Are you going to go back to that game specifically?
Yes.
I was going to say Toronto worked them in the first period,
and they were hanging on by a thread.
They were up 1-0 just because of this goaltender that they got in there.
And I'm drawing  is it Leon?
What's his first name?
Alex Lyon.
Lyon, Lyon, Lyon.
You call him Lyon.
He was standing on his head, and then in that second period right away,
as you mentioned, they got two quick ones because they were still playing like ass.
That's when he flipped out.
Luckily, they ended up challenging it.
Paul Maurice looked like the mom whose kid had lost the state championship in wrestling.
I thought he was going to snap his glasses.
He was losing his mind.
He lost his mind.
You can read the lips.
I know that hasn't worked well before this season with certain instances, but he's literally screaming at them.
You're playing like fucking bitches. you're playing like fucking bitches.
You're playing like fucking bitches.
Up and down the bench, and guys are sitting there holding their stick.
He is screaming.
He's ripping the glasses off.
He can't even breathe.
At one point, I think he yelled, Jesus Christ.
And the thing was, he knew the goal was getting called back.
He said, I already knew it was offside, so luckily it just gave me a chance.
I think after he told reporters it was a cleanse.
He's like, I don't think.
He goes, if I could have yelled louder or swore more, I would have, but it was physically impossible.
But they kind of picked it up.
And, Biz, your guy that you pumped his tires last week, Brandon Montour, gets the OT winner.
Oh, my God.
Just a monster season by this guy and a huge win for Florida.
So, I mean, I still don't really have much expectation in the Panthers.
Do you think they get in?
I don't know.
I just wanted to quickly mention, did you see the clip, too, of not only Maurice, of course,
pulling out that card at the perfect time and doing that cleanse in order to wake his squad up but in overtime there was a
timeout called and in that timeout he's telling montour he's saying fuck when he gets it and
points at barkoff he's like just fucking go just fucking go and just that communication gives him
the confidence where like now as a player you're like okay i got the green light and sure as shit he's now past keith yandals the all-time leader in in a single season for the
most points as a defenseman in florida panthers history so just the the the weaker trade making
more and more sense by the day with the performance that montours put on but just overall an incredible
game and some pretty magical moments uh in that one too if you back up it was reinhardt
who scored in the in the dying minutes too so they're they're stars coming to come to play at
the perfect time there was one question you just asked me right before that uh though if i if you
think they'll get in pittsburgh's really finding a way to try to fuck this thing up it's unbelievable
dude it's pretty wild and just not being able to figure out how to get a point,
not only the Detroit game, but that Boston game,
after being given that gift of the Crosby goaltender interference.
Oh, so you thought that should have been no goal?
Are we going to hop over?
I think we've covered Florida, right?
I think we're ready to go.
Yeah, jump on.
We'll go back to Florida for one sec.
Okay.
Before we go any further, here's a word from our friends at The Score.
Hello, Canada.
This episode is brought to you by The Score Bet Sportsbook and Casino.
The Score Bet is the best sportsbook for the hockey obsessed.
With a wide variety of markets and daily specials from us at Spittin' Chicklets,
it's got you covered for everything on the ice.
So if you're in Ontario only, download the Scorebet app and create an account today.
You can build the info on your bets directly from the Score Sports app for the best possible
experience. With the playoff push coming up, you don't want to miss anything. And the Scorebet
also has you covered for all your other favorite sports and players. Plus, there's tons of iCasino games any day, any time.
That's the Scorebet.
Download today and see how the best sports app, period, does sports betting.
Please play responsibly.
19 and over.
Ontario only.
Gamble problem?
Call ComEx Ontario at 1-866-531-2600.
So for people who don't know,
Brooks Koepka was seen at the Panthers game holding up a giant orange cone
just screaming at Ekblad.
I don't even know what he was saying to him.
I don't remember exactly what was coming out of his mouth,
but he was basically like,
you suck, you suck, just holding up this cone.
I don't even know where he got the cone.
He's dressed like
an absolute asshole with all of his
buddies with tracksuits on, unzipped.
I don't know if it was Italian night at the
arena or something like that. Big Cat was in there.
He was with Big Cat. Italian Fest.
Big Cat was there? No, because he's the
Jumpsuit January guy.
He's always wearing those greasy tracksuit-offs.
So I was watching it and seeing it go viral.
I'm like, oh, him and Ekblad must be buddies.
But I was still like, it's kind of weird, like just dogging on your buddy, yelling like that.
Dude, so they asked Ekblad the next day, like, do you know each other?
He says, we are not friends and we never will be friends.
So I said, holy shit.
I almost made a video on twitter i said
this brooks kepka is one of the bigger assholes in pro sports i'm talking an absolute clown all
he ever says i don't care about golf i don't care what anyone thinks about me he cares what everyone
thinks about him he does he he tries saying i would if I could do it again, I'd go black and play baseball.
Bro, you've won four majors in golf.
I'm pretty sure you wouldn't have done shit in baseball.
Who the fuck would ever act like that at an NHL game,
let alone a Hall of Fame golfer
screaming at the top of his lungs at a guy for the,
by the way, he called him the Peas.
He goes, I'm a big Peas fan. Who the fuck calls the Panthers the him the peas he goes i'm a big peas fan who the
fuck calls the panthers the peas bro you must be a huge fan i've never heard them called the peas
in my life brooks kepka is one of the most unlikable athletes in the world in my mind
he just thinks he's so cool he thinks he's fucking so sweet dude you're good at golf. You're an asshole. He dyed his hair blonde.
He looked like a Walmart version of Eminem.
Yeah, Diplo.
He's just, I've seen him before.
I remember a clip when he yelled at a kid who was videoing him on the course.
He was like, do I come to your work and video you?
No, dude, you're in an NHL game.
You've won four majors in a sweatsuit screaming at a defenseman on the peas,
which isn't even the name of their team.
I root against Brooks Koepka as hard as I've rooted against anyone.
I'm telling you, this guy, and mind you,
the whole Bryson DeChambeau-Brooks Koepka thing,
because I actually can't stand either one of those guys.
They're perfect for each other.
If you remember, it started like I think they had made up and then it started again when bryson on like a stream
playing video games like the geek he is was was like chirping kepka for not having a six-pack
so bad boy brooksie who doesn't care what anyone says about him just like put the dogs on bryson
at every pga tour event it's just the guy drives me absolutely insane. And for any fan to do that to Ekblad is one thing.
For a legitimate four-time major winner in golf to do that,
like, am I crazy here?
No, I think you broke it down perfectly.
What is this guy doing?
I don't know.
And we're Team Ekblad, so you knew we were going to come in swinging.
So I tell you what, it's an ugly scene out there.
Between him and Kodak, some of the classless fans in the league right there.
Kodak's way cooler than him.
Yeah, not classier, but yes, cooler.
The whole, I didn't bring the cone.
It's like, dude, there aren't cones in fucking suites in the private boxes.
Someone had to get that and bring it in there.
It's not common to see a cone.
I don't practice.
Are you a detective, R.A.? Golf's not common to see a comment. I don't practice. Are you a detective, R.A.?
Golf's not a real sport, man.
I don't practice, dude.
Fucking.
I'm a private investigator.
You're a private investigator.
P.I.
Magnum P.I.
Hey, so we were off to Pittsburgh.
So you asked me about the Crosby goal.
I think that I understand why they did call it a goal.
It felt like after he did make the initial contact
in which he could have gotten back up to make the save,
he ended up colliding into him.
But I think overall, 99.9 of times,
that goal has ended up called back.
I think that if that's not Sidney Crosby in the crease,
that that's not called a goal.
And that's not taking anything away from him.
I just thought I was in the group chat.
We were all convinced that was coming back.
I think even you thought it was coming back.
Yeah, I was very surprised it stayed.
And then Montgomery had the Sid rules little quote after the game
that some people took offense to.
But I was very surprised after seeing the replay
and all those different angles that it didn't get called back.
Because it just looked like his stick hit his face mask just enough
to kind of throw him off balance a little bit.
Yeah, I was shocked they didn't overturn it.
Same thing in Detroit.
Must have been something with bald coaches this weekend.
Lalonde flipped out as well.
An obvious goalie interference, and they let the goal stand.
So, I don't know.
Same thing every year.
No one knows what the rules are.
And then, of course, the Bs end up scoring in regulation.
Tough bounce off of the official, which Letang was snapping after the game,
or right after the play, excuse me.
But, I mean, hockey karma came back to get the Penguins.
But to not muster up at least a point in any of those two games,
that's why I say it's tough to really root for the Penguins
because they're fumbling the bag.
And when they need a big save right now,
Jari's really just not there to make it.
I didn't even think that that fourth goal,
which ended up being the winner, was that good.
I didn't think it was that nice of a goal.
I thought that that should have been stopped,
regardless of the referee creating interference anyway.
It just means he lost
track of the puck so wait i don't know what you think about the penguins i'd like to see them get
in i guess i'll say yes i still think they get in but it's hard to imagine with the way that
they're fumbling the bag right now yeah and in when g and i were in pittsburgh every fan i talked
to i pretty much said what do you think and i would say say eight out of every ten said they're going to get in,
but they're going to lose first round.
He's like, we're going to get in and get smoked first round.
So even the fans who believe they're going to end up figuring this out
and getting into the playoffs have no faith whatsoever
they'll get by the first round.
I got heavy Blackhawks fans vibes where just in a sense,
they're like, our run is over.
We did it.
We've won our cups, but now it's time to move on. to yeah a lot of people did say like what a run we had you can't
expect it to last forever can't be too mad you know we won three cups i think it's pretty wild
though and it's a pretty fair question and i'm interested to see the response we get if you could
go back to last year if you said one of these two teams is not going to make the playoffs who would
you pick the president's trophy winner or the Pittsburgh Penguins?
Because, I mean, at that time,
they didn't even have Malkin and Tangerie sign.
So pretty wild that one of these two teams is not going to make playoffs.
One removed from being the best team points-wise in the entire league last year.
Gnarly shit.
I guess if the Islanders completely shit the bed,
they both could get in, but I don't see that happening.
And before we move on from Pittsburgh,
I would really like to talk about Chris Letang
and kind of honor him in terms of his 1,000th game.
I was on the Penguins when Letang came into the league,
and I actually would love to talk to Brooks Warpick
or Rob Scuderi about this because I think they would agree.
Maybe I'm crazy, but he came in and immediately you could see every tool,
every tool needed, fast as hell, like amazing endurance,
had a great shot, great skills, had good vision.
But at the beginning, and looking back, it's kind of crazy to think,
he was 19 years old, I think, maybe 20. I was like, I don't know if he's going to kind of like put it all together. Like you could tell everything was there for like a possible Norris Trophy number one superstar defenseman. And boy, did he ever put it together, dude. Now, partly probably because they ship my scrub ass out of town and you got some more ice time and ended up winning the Stanley Cup.
some more ice time and ended up winning the Stanley Cup. But what this kid's been through in his life, not only like on the ice, but off the ice, it's very hard not to feel really happy
for him. He's had two strokes. One of them was because he was born with a hole in his heart.
He didn't even know that that happened. I think he had to get like career, possible career ending
neck surgery from a Ryan Callahan hit, or it might have been a Shane Doan hit.
He had two hits from those guys that ended up really fucking him up.
His dad passed away this year.
We know that he dealt with that along with the stroke.
Not even to mention, before he came into the league, his best friend, Luke Bourdain,
he passed away tragically in a motorcycle accident.
That was his best friend.
I believe that was during the cup finals in 08 maybe. But just a kid who is against all odds played this long at this high
of a level for a thousand games. It's incredible because people go through things on the ice.
Every guy who's played a thousand games is so unreal at what they do to make it that far.
But a lot of people haven't really had to struggle with so many different off ice issues
that the Tangs had to battle through to get where he's at.
So congratulations to him.
That's just an amazing run.
After that, I'm saying they get in for sure then.
That just pumped me.
That fired me up.
And he had his 1,000-game celebration, so you know that's another boost in the locker room.
Now, one guy we did forget to mention for the Florida Panthers was Verhage.
Did he not hit the 40-goal mark?
And he was one of those guys who had a hat trick the other day. Just holy fuck, man. forget to mention for the Florida Panthers was Verhage. Did he not hit the 40-goal mark?
And he was one of those guys who had a hat trick the other day.
Just holy fuck, man.
This guy.
He had four, I think.
He was like a no-namer coming out of Tampa.
And for him to turn it on and have the career now that he's having.
70 points in 76 games, 40 goals, 30 assists.
40, man.
Woo-wee.
Toronto picked him in the third round in 2013.
Was he not in Tampa for a little bit?
Yeah, he was in Tampa.
That was his first NHL season, 1920.
52 games, nine goals, four assists.
And then he goes over to Florida, and he's just been money ever since.
This year, career year by far.
But even last year in the playoffs, I mean, I know they got swept in that second round,
but he had 12 points. He was the only reason they got out of the first round. Friday
night, man, we got to see Devin Levi
make his much-anticipated NHL
debut. The Sabres played the Rangers
Friday night. Dude, this kid was unbelievable
for his first game. I mean, he was at Northeastern
two weeks before that. He is the second
highest save percentage in college history
since they started tracking it. Played
unbelievable. I think with 31 out of 33 shots he saved, 19 out of 20 in the third period.
I mean, he basically won the game for them.
And, you know, Buffalo's been waiting for this sort of savior.
And that, I mean, it's one game.
We don't want to overhype it, but this kid looks like the real fucking deal already, huh?
Yeah, it's hard to kind of say right away what the future holds for him.
But with what he did in his resume
leading up to this, it's not going to be that surprising if he turns into a stud.
What I thought was interesting was when he won the Beanpot this year, he gave a speech or an
interview on the ice. And he kind of grabs your attention right away because he doesn't really use cliches. He's not a boring hockey interview.
He's very open about, like, you know, how he approaches the game, how he feels about his teammates, how much he loves playing.
And, like, so he kind of grabs your attention because of how personable he seems to be in interviews.
And it was absolutely no different after the game.
I don't know if you guys saw his post-game interview.
It was unreal.
He was unreal.
And he was, like, so thankful to be there. And he was so excited for his future. And,
and he just loves being around the guys in the rink so much that it's hard to imagine that this
kid isn't going to make it because I think he has such a positive mindset that he, he's the number
one believer in himself, right? Like he, he knows he's got to go out and prove and be able to prove
that he's a number one goalie,
but he has no doubt in his mind that he can do it,
and he really gives off that vibe doing interviews.
And if you can explain, R.A., like his TV timeout ritual is nuts.
I don't know if you saw that.
Did you see that online?
Oh, yeah.
Yeah, I sent it to you guys.
Yeah, I mean, what's a TV timeout?
Two minutes, I think.
Too long. He skates sent it to you guys. Yeah, it's, I mean, what's a TV time? Oh, two minutes, I think. Too long.
He skates around the net a little.
He, like, waves to fans.
And then he gets about maybe 10, 15 feet facing the net.
And he just gets in, like, almost like a yoga pose or, like, a home type thing.
And he just sits there and, like, meditates for, like, a minute or two.
The guy's scraping the ice.
They got to, like, kind of go around him and shit.
I've never seen a goalie do it.
It's based upon Star Wars, he said, too.
Wow.
It's some scene that his dad and him love in
Star Wars. No shit, eh? I know R.A.'s
cranking himself right now. Oh, yeah. Billy G's
gonna steal him over. He's probably gonna send
over a seventh rounder and get him.
A lightsaber in my pants? Holy shit. Yeah, Google it
after the show. It's some scene where some dude
in Star Wars is, like, meditating.
Or maybe I'm getting the wrong sci-fi movie.
It's not Star Trek, I don't think.
It could be The Mandalorian, I don't know.
I think the interview you're talking about, and we should run it
because remember, this is this guy's first NHL
game and this is how confident he is
afterward. And it was Rachel
Holtmayer who ended up doing
the interview and we're going to play it for you guys.
Did you have a favorite scene of the night,
especially when Fox is coming down, you're wiggling the glove
in anticipation. Was there any moment that kind of made you realize
the gravity of what you're doing? I think the third period was my favorite part of the night.
You know, it's, they, they get a goal and then the power play and, you know, it's a two, two game.
And what are you going to do to, to, to give your team a chance to win? You know, that's when the
pressure's on the end of the game. And that's, that's, that, those are the moments I love. You
know, I was, I was just having fun out there. there i wanted i wanted some one-timers on that power play i wanted
them to find the seam so and test me you know i i feel ready so i just wanted to be tested tonight
um and i'm excited excited moving forward what are you saying to yourself when you see
our timmy panarin stepping up on a loose puck right in the middle of the slot oh i love it
there's nothing else i'd rather um you know that's why i'm there i'm there stop. You know, if I didn't want that to happen, I think there'd be something wrong.
So it's my job.
So I just love what I do.
And it's, you know, no other guy that I'd want in the slot with me in 101.
Have you heard it yet, R.A.?
Yeah.
Yeah, he's such a, like, what do you call it,
like a breath of fresh air from what we're used to,
especially a rookie in the league.
He just, he's honest.
He's open.
He's smiling.
He's having a good time.
He gave his first puck to his dad, which is a pretty cool scene as well.
So good stuff.
I think that Buffalo's probably dead in the water, but they do play Florida.
That's what I was just going to get to.
Who gets a start?
If Buffalo wins that game in regulation,
then they're actually fully invested in this thing.
That's why I was going to ask you, who do you start?
You've got to give it to him.
So all of a sudden, he's right in the mix in competitive NHL hockey.
So Grinelli did say something the other day,
and I'm not bashing him about this.
He said, oh, I don't like the move calling him up
and potentially destroying his confidence, where I'm like, well, I think.
Right, I disagreed where at this point in time, it's like, that's when you do it because there's
no, really there's no expectations.
If he does not have a good end to the season, you still have the full off season to get
him ready and he could still end up starting next year in the American league.
And nobody's batting an eye because I think for the, the expectations of a goalie aren't
to just hop right in and make an impact.
Now, if they do, that is the upside.
So them being able to get his feet wet in that game against New York,
and then now all of a sudden you're involved in another game where
essentially in that game Tuesday against Florida, the season's on the line.
If they can win that game, as you mentioned in regulation,
they're right back in the hunt.
So there was a couple teams that maybe we didn't take as seriously going back
a week, them, and then maybe even's as far as a wild card possibility but definitely two teams still
on the hunt and exciting times in buffalo to get their eye on this new goaltender that they've been
hyping up for the last year and also of course florida traded them they took them in the seventh
round of the 2020 draft traded them to buffalo and uh in a first round pick for sam reinhardt
who was a restricted free agent at the time.
Of course, they're going to start him, man.
Well, at the time, you know, Florida's looking like,
we got Bobrovsky on this monster deal, and then we got Spencer Knight,
and I hope everything ends up being okay with Spencer Knight.
I know he's been going through a lot.
So you kind of see their side in terms of trading him
because you already think you have your number one goalie of the future
and a very young guy in Spencer Knight,
but now it's looking like, oh, my God, I can't believe we got rid of this guy.
She just sent over.
It was from one of the prequel movies in Star Wars,
so that's probably why I had no idea about it,
the ones that come out like that.
Yeah, I'm not a big prequel guy either, R.A.
I only like the original three.
Fuck all that new nonsense, along with all those Marvel and DC movies.
Yeah, it's getting to be a little bit
too much lately. But folks, before we continue, I'm here to talk to you about GameTime,
the exclusive ticketing partner of Barstool Sports. I've told you once, I'll tell you again,
it's created by fans for fans. GameTime is the ticketing app that makes it easier than ever to
score last minute deals on tickets to sports, concerts, and shows. And they guarantee the lowest price.
No matter who you want to see play, no matter who you want to see perform, Game Time has it covered.
I will be heading down to Augusta National.
Now as of right now, the second round, Friday, April 7th, it looks like rain.
I could cry.
But I'm not going to give in to that.
And I know those weather gods are going to help us out.
And I wouldn't be going there without GameTime.
They hooked it up.
They're making a very special trip for myself and my buddies
and without GameTime, I'm not going to be down there.
It's possible to snag any seats you want with the GameTime app.
The biggest last-minute price drops can be found
on the seats that you thought you could never buy.
The purchase process just takes two taps and 10 seconds,
and once you buy your tickets,
they're delivered directly to your phone,
no printer needed.
The app also allows you to easily share tickets
with friends via text
so you can get into the game seamlessly.
No having a meetup beforehand.
If one guy's coming from here
and can't get to the bar before, boom,
I'll text you your game time ticket.
Skip the hassle and enjoy the moment.
Download the game time app or go to the website,
enter your email, and redeem code CHICKLETS,
that's C-H-I-C-L-E-T-S, for 20 off your first purchase.
Game time allows you to go to any game,
any event that you could ever want to be at.
Game time.
Anyways, Biz, you had double duty this week with TNT.
Wednesday, the Islanders played the Caps.
First couple periods, that was boring as shit.
No shit.
No shit.
Boring game of all time.
Buddy, the fan base were the biggest bunch of crybabies.
I'm not saying that their team's not good and they don't find ways to win.
When I made that comment on national TV that they're all poopy pants about,
I want to say in that 13-game stretch, 13 fucking games, Whit,
before the All-Star break,
they were 3-7-3.
Guess how many goals per game they were averaging?
It was one.
I don't think they had more than two goals.
1.69 goal average scored in a 13-game span.
Now, since the All-Star break,
I know I did the math the other night,
and there's probably been a couple games since, but after that, it was like 3.7, right? Maybe it was in the 3.4 range.
Well, I tell you what, when you're getting the goaltending that you're getting from Sorokin,
that's all the offense you need in order to win hockey games. So they've been on a bit of a roll
since that time, and I don't know how you feel about them, but they're boring as fucking shit.
They dragged Washington right into the swamp.
They had nine shots.
They had nine shots on net through two periods.
And all of a sudden now they've become this third period team.
And that's a big reason why they've been rattling off all these fucking wins.
Unfortunately for hockey fans everywhere,
we want to pull their eyes out when watching them play.
Other than their own fan base. G and i went to army and mcquade we went to army's house um
with his four kids just a crazy household at like seven o'clock we all hung out and watched the
games together but we were falling asleep watching that game and i had a huge bet on the islanders so
i ended up being fired up they got it done barely in the shootout but we were saying through two periods i'm like oh my god we ended up we had uh florida
island was it florida toronto on on mute but we were we're actually all just watching that game
because the whole islanders capitals game was just stuck in the neutral zone but i was getting so
rattled because i had this money on the islanders armies like nope nope you got them exactly where
you want them this is what the Islanders do.
This works out perfect.
And he was right.
Waino was not crazy about the koozie.
The koozie coming in slow.
Not only did he come in slow in that shootout, he did the stick twirl.
Yeah, the stick twirl is tough.
Wayne said if that would have happened back in his day,
that 20 guys would have came off the bench and pumped his eyes shut.
R.A., what do you make of that nonsense?
Do you think there should be a shot clock on the shooters?
Yeah, I mean, how are you going to penalize that?
Because as long as you're moving forward, there's no rule that you've got to go
at a certain speed.
So you're okay.
Yeah, I mean, he's not breaking the rules.
He scores every time.
That's the thing.
It is, but he's moving.
There are a couple guys who do it slow.
It looks like they're almost going sideways at a certain point,
but there's no rule he's breaking right now.
I don't know what kind of rule you would put him.
What, are you going to have a fucking pitching gun on him
to see if he's going like five miles an hour or something?
I don't know, man.
It's exciting.
It brings a little something drama to the game.
I think everybody's just fucking fed up with shootouts at this point as well.
Yeah, hear, hear.
See what happens.
Let's see.
It's only the second time since 2008 that the Caps are going to miss the playoffs.
They also missed them back in 2014.
The night cap, the Wild doubled up on the Avalanche 4-2.
Actually, we're going to get to that one in a second.
Sunday was the game.
Wayne made his return to the booth.
Rangers pounded the Caps.
And then the Bruins beat the Blues in the shootout.
And you had a great interview with Jake DeBrusque after the game.
Want to play it, G, the last portion about the game one there?
Rear Admiral, my co-host on Spitting Chicklets,
he actually had Trent Frederick to score the opening goal at 3,400 to 1.
Or what was it?
Plus 3,400.
So you're going to have to either change that goal
or at least throw him a few grand.
Boys, you guys are in the studio.
Change it for me.
I don't even care.
Do it for the Admiral.
Yeah, you're just putting salt in the wound.
I'm going to feel terrible going home. Big win.
You thought I got a goal, but I guess I don't.
I mean, I was pissed
myself. You got hosed, all right.
You got hosed.
That looked to me like it was Frederick.
I don't know how they make that call, really.
It's funny because
I saw it looked like Jake got it.
Then the first replay, when the score come up on the website,
everything was like Frederick Cole, Frederick Cole.
But I'm like, I don't know, man.
I didn't want to be all celebratory.
And then a minute later, it went to DeBrusque.
And you could see it plainly hits DeBrusque's stick on the way in.
But I went to the rule book, and it actually says,
crediting goals.
A goal shall be credited in the scoring records to a player
who shall have propelled the puck into the opponent's goal.
Now, no shit propelled the puck in, but fucking, you know,
Jake did, but whatever.
It was, you know, it would have been a nice little couple.
Crime dog McGruff over here, twice in one pod.
Holy fuck, R.A.
You should do a fucking murder pod trying to solve a murder.
That was some serious detective work.
A goal should be awarded to the
person who directs the puck into the net.
Propels, yeah.
Propels the puck into the net.
They do change them a day later sometimes, but I knew
it wasn't going to happen once it went back to the rust.
I did have a horse show up my ass earlier. I had Matt
Boldy, Saturday night, first goal, 13-1.
And then Sunday
in the Rangers game, I played
Trouba and Keiondre Miller,
34-1 each, and Keiondre got the first goal.
So I had a nice little week either way.
Of one of the young guns in the league,
this guy is taking massive strides in a time much needed for the Wild.
With Kaprizov out, I know the whole lineup has,
but this Matt Boldy kid is out of his fucking mind right now.
And there were people when he signed that deal that were like,
overpayment, overpayment.
I don't think so.
I think he has 15 points in his last nine games.
He's completely lighting it up.
I don't know if it was two weeks ago or last week.
I mentioned him and Johansson have some sort of connection going on.
They don't even have Nyquist playing yet.
Hopefully he's back soon.
I don't know if you guys know the news on Kaprizov.
He will be back before playoffs
they said, correct? Yeah, or
around playoff time. Okay,
well, just the fact that
the pressure gets put on Boldy and a couple
other guys to really step it up when he goes out
and they answer the bell. So I
think you're looking at a future 35
to 40 goal
season each year for Matt Boldy.
I think he's that good.
He's big.
He's got great vision.
Sick hands around the net.
Unfortunately, went to Boston College.
But a great kid.
And seeing him explode like this, it's not that surprising.
But the fact that he did it with Kaprizov out, that's what's a little surprising.
Is that he was able to up his game when needed that much.
I would say the most surprising thing about that game was you know abs play at a certain pace
many didn't back down at all and that game was on the road they were they were in Colorado what's
that that was in Colorado yeah it was in Colorado altitude you go in there and they kept up with
that playoff pace the whole game and even going back to the beginning of the season, I don't remember Minnesota being that fast.
If anything, I remember being a little bit slow and sluggish
where it was more of a Capri Soft one-man show
where he would get it out there.
He'd do the 10-2.
He'd circle around the offensive zone the way he does with his edges.
But this team is all of a sudden, man,
if they can compete and forecheck and hound pucks the way that the Avs do,
and if they can come out skating like that most nights,
that's a pace that I just haven't seen that team play
most of the year.
So highly, highly impressive and a big win.
And we go back to trying to win the division,
how important it is.
Well, they're scrambling for it right now.
Who would have thought at the deadline?
And you mentioned Johansson.
That was,
you know when I said
No Mesnikov
on the Sportsnet broadcast
as the sneakiest
pickup of the draft
for a fourth rounder.
Johansson right now
has to be,
or Johansson,
however you say it,
they change it
every fucking week.
He's got to be
the sneakiest pickup
of the deadline.
Dude,
that's who's playing
on Winnipeg's second line it's namestikov
and he's playing unreal that's who i couldn't remember is the other winger on that second line
biz you're namestikov always does you right he always does he always hooks you up and um all
right didn't you mock me and say that i was on shrooms when i said that live on air no no you
were on shrooms i know i was but you mocked me about how stupid it was.
I get smarter when I'm on shrooms.
Very true.
I think everyone mocked you, though.
I think a lot of people mocked you for that.
Well, there you go.
I think Berkey on the trade deadline was like,
what are you talking about?
He should be worrying about his own trades.
All right, great hit on Keandre Miller.
I'll quickly mention they have to resign him.
I don't know if it's this year or his deal's up next year.
I'm not exactly sure.
41 points this year.
How many are on the power play biz?
I'm going to say three points.
Three fucking points.
Wow, what a guess by me.
Dude, he has 38 five-on-five or shorthanded points this year.
That is like  and when he can with the
way he plays d and the way he skates uh with fox back there and truba the truck this is why i know
the rangers are gonna smack the devils in the mouth and everyone's saying oh whitney you fucking
idiot you big-eared loser you fucking suck i hate your voice you sucked at hockey the devils were
four and oh against him this year you know what what the Rangers did to the Lightning last year? Do you think the regular season matters at all when you get to the playoffs?
No.
The Rangers have a better goalie and a better overall team.
I know they're behind you in the standings,
and I don't even dislike the Devils or their fans,
but they're just so dumb sometimes that that's why my money is on the Rangers once again.
Fuck you, Pasha.
Keiondre Miller is a restricted free agent at the end of this year as well.
Biz, what's he going to want?
I would say he deserves at least seven and a half.
I was going to say seven to seven and a half.
Mind you, he has a guy like Trouba there,
and people are going to say,
what does Trouba have to do with him?
He's more of that defensive defenseman,
and he adds that toughness where he gets to be that second guy where he doesn't really have to fight much or or or be as
physical and he also gets to play second fiddle behind fox so he's got some other guys around
there protecting him where he ain't like a macar type driver so i think the seven and a half to
eight million range is a very fair range with him being restricted. 7.5 million would be my guess.
Just based on the fact that they have Lindgren, they have him,
and those two other guys to pay,
you can't command that much money as a second defenseman
with that much protection, so to speak, around you.
Now, going to those games recently and his overall offense,
we had this conversation on the panel and Wayne said
the same thing that he uh he would rather face Jersey based on the inexperience where I don't
think that they match up well against Jersey is in the which state that the pace in which Jersey
plays at they they're fast up and down the ice but I also view Carolina the same way where New
Jersey has more of that skill upside.
I think of the three teams that we just mentioned, though,
New York outskills you all day long.
And as you mentioned, they have the goaltending.
So to me, if I was a Rangers, I would want Carolina as the first round matchup.
Do you agree with that?
Or do you think that the inexperience
of the Devils is that's why you would want them first round? No, you know what? I think the
Rangers are going to win their first round no matter if it's against Jersey or Carolina. I
think it's going to be really hard for Carolina not to get that one seat in the Metro. But I would
actually rather Carolina than New Jersey. I would. That's what I said. Especially because the Rangers
dominate Carolina. So that's another like looking I said. Especially because the Rangers dominate Carolina.
So that's another, like, looking back to last year in the playoffs
and how fast Jersey is.
Like, I hate how this is being turned into I don't think the Devils are good.
I think they are very good.
I just think the Rangers are overall a big-time team.
I think Kane's going to step it up.
And then when you go to goaltending in the playoffs, it means everything.
Just give me Shusterkin.
I'm saying that New Jersey is more threatening.
So, in fact, we're actually pumping their tires.
So you're welcome, Pasha.
No, I know.
That's why I hate the fact that people think I hate them.
I don't.
I am so rock hard talking about the playoffs right now.
This first round is going to be the best two weeks of all time.
And we got two episodes a week, and we got some other things coming. I'm just...
Oh...
Yeah, many, man.
7-3. R.A. Star Wars.
Without Kaprizov in those
11 games, Boldy, 12 goals, 4 assists
all. He's been lightening it up in Kaprizov's
absence. And going back to Keiondre Miller,
too, in that game the other night on the
TNT broadcast, couple great plays,
5-on-5 to keep the play alive.
Well, one of them was the bang in the rebound by jumping in the play,
and the other one was he was the weak side defenseman wit,
and that puck goes over below the goal line,
and in some cases, like D-men are told, like, stay up top, don't go below,
but his anticipation was perfect.
He jets down.
He ends up blown by.
It was Smith who came over in that Boston trade
to Washington, and he gets stuck between a rock and a hard place. Keiondre Miller keeps the play
alive. He ends up getting an assist on that goal as well. So just a very, very impressive player.
Interested to see his number. And one thing I don't think we mentioned too is, I forgot,
there wasn't two coaches call-outs. Gerard Gallant also had some choice
words for his team, too. Maybe not as aggressive as the other two coaches, but ever since they'd
clinched, they dropped the last two, one being to the Buffalo Sabres when Levi had his first game
there. That was an OT loss, mind you, but he said, ever since we've clinched, we think that the
season's fucking over. He's like, we're just going to, what, back into playoffs?
And, hey, as a head coach, your biggest fear is after you clinch,
if your game declines, creating bad habits in the lineup.
You don't want those nasty habits going in.
So they clean things up against the Washington Capitals and end up capping that one off.
Now, did you see Ovi snap on Goudreau?
No. Oh, fuck, he lost his snap on Goudreau? No.
Oh, fuck, he lost his mind.
He ended up getting him in the elbow with a face,
and then Goudreau, there was a TV timeout.
They ended up being two scraps during the TV timeout,
so you didn't even see him on the TNT broadcast
until we came back.
So an interesting matchup there, R.A.,
but nonetheless, New York's looking good,
and the new fit Patrick Kane's looking good as well.
Sometimes I think like
Galant could just be
saying that because if you see any sort of
complacency it's just like alright no
fuck off boys like it's almost like
no matter what he might have said something
just because it is a natural reaction
to clinch playoffs you kind of know where you're
going to be and know who you're
going to play I think in terms of jersey so there can be some sort of relaxation which i
think's been really hard for tampa to just know we're playing toronto and it it almost fucks with
your mind a little bit that this doesn't matter when in fact it does and all and like you said
the habits leading in you don't you don't just turn things around game one dude things are going
a million miles an hour that first period of game one,
and you can't just flick it on like a switch.
So I understand where Gallant's coming from.
That's what makes the Boston run so impressive,
even now that they're doing the load management.
They're still not getting it.
They're doing it like they didn't have Bergeron, McAvoy, or Crecce, I think.
It's crazy.
Or Hall or Foligno.
Imagine those five guys out of your lineup and still doing what? 60
wins for Monty. Three of the last five
games. If they can win three of the last five,
it's the most wins in the history of the NHL.
And once again, Biz picked them to miss the
playoffs.
If they end up getting the most wins
in the history of this league and you
picked them to miss playoffs,
that is just like you should have to shave your head again for that.
He's never going to let this go.
All right, for you as the Boston guy,
since you grew up in Charlestown, Robin Banks,
for them to do it in that last game against the Montreal Canadiens,
how much would that mean to you?
Last game of the season, game 82,
to break the all-time record for most wins.
Come on.
It would be nice, but all I care about is the cup,
and I think that's most fans feel the same way.
I mean, the records are great, but nobody talks about records.
People don't talk about records of this type later.
It's all about the cup.
If it's less than the cup this year, it's going to be disappointment.
That obviously wasn't how we felt going into the year,
but they've raised the bar so much, and they've been so good. It's like, all right, man, if they don't win the cup, we're going to be disappointment. That obviously wasn't how we felt going into the year, but they've raised the bar so much, and they've been so good.
It's like, all right, man, if they don't win the cup,
we're going to be severely disappointed this year.
This would be Patriot-like, winning every game up until the Super Bowl.
Don't fucking say that, Biz.
No, I'm saying it would be.
Don't put that juju.
It would be the exact same thing, Biz.
It would be the same thing.
I like your Belichick approach, R.A.
We're on to Cleveland.
I'm not gloating about this record.
Cincinnati.
I think Samuel went.
He said something about Belichick on Twitter the other day,
and Matthew Judon quote-tweeted him, kind of goofed on him.
It's like, buddy, when you let 19-0 go through your fucking hands,
it's like perfection, an easy interception.
You probably just keep your trap shut after that, man.
I mean, they would have been 19-0 if he made a simple interception,
but we're still scarred either way.
Wes Welker had a tough drop, too, I remember.
Yeah, yeah.
Oh, no, they were dropping butterfingers off.
Giants fans were jumping up.
That's when Gisele was like, my husband can't catch the ball, too.
Yeah.
Divorced.
Oh, Jesus.
Blur over it, song.
All right, nice input in the ranges. What do you say,
boys? Should we send it to Sean Hill now or what?
This interview is brought to you by
Chevy. Chevrolet is a trusted
company that has been innovating for the
last 100 years.
Up to now, most electric vehicles
have either been too expensive,
too small, and too limited in
capabilities for most people.
Chevrolet is committed to making EVs available for all Americans. There's a growing network
of public charging stations. They have over 1,900 certified Chevy EV dealerships,
and Chevy has convenient ways to research and shop EVs online. Chevy, EVs for everyone,
everywhere. Now, let's go on to the interview
Alright, it's time to bring on our guest
This defenseman was selected in the 8th round of the 1988 draft by Montreal
Where he won the 1993 Stanley Cup his rookie year
He played for 7 world clubs over his 15 seasons in the NHL
Totaling over 900 regular season and playoff games
We're very happy to
welcome to the Spittin' Chickens podcast, Sean Hill. What's going on, brother?
Hey, guys. Appreciate you having me on. Just got in the habit of watching you guys a fair amount,
and I'll tell you what, I've really enjoyed it. And can't say enough and congratulate you guys
enough about how you transitioned into doing something which is actually better than playing
hockey and actually getting paid to do it. There goes your IQ, buddy. Welcome aboard. how you transitioned into doing something which is actually better than playing hockey
and actually getting paid to do it. There goes your IQ, buddy. Welcome aboard.
Now I just want to interview this guy even more now. He's just pumping our tires coming on here.
What a guy. We appreciate that. Who actually first told you or how'd you ever first hear one
of our shows or videos? You know what? I think it was my son and, uh, he's 25. That's the problem right there. He's like,
dad, you got to watch this. It is so funny. And most of the stuff he says that about, I'm kind
of like, okay, yeah. And I'll watch like two minutes. I'm like, wow, dude, what's going on?
Like we're, we got different sense of humor or something. And obviously I had you guys,
I got you guys on watch the one with
willie and colesie and and roddy and and then that turned into more and more so uh first time on the
show obviously but uh been a fan for a while yeah you got more of that roddy interview than i did i
was fucking in one.com i was telling the boys we had tnt the other night and as soon as he hopped
on we were about to do an interview, and we prerecord him.
I said, hey, buddy, at least last night I got some sleep
because we had him down in Fort Lauderdale at the All-Star game.
Yeah, I can imagine the whoop bracelet probably said you had about 0.00.
Yeah.
It's just like a dog shock collar because it's just that bad.
Yeah, yeah, exactly.
We appreciate the kind words.
We're excited to get you on.
You had a long, amazing career, some twists and turns, expansion teams,
multiple expansion teams.
So, R.A., I'll throw it over to you first.
Absolutely.
First off, we just asked you if you knew Sean Podine,
which you do, another Minnesota guy, correct?
I do know Podes.
He actually went to Duluth, which is where I am from,
and I would see him in the summer some,
and obviously playing against him that long.
He's a guy that's pretty chatty on the ice, and I was too.
So great guy.
Obviously, you guys know a little bit about him,
and he had a great career and was one of those guys
that you'd always want on your team.
You just work so hard and got things done.
Great guy in the room.
Perfect teammate.
Yeah, he was great to chat with.
So anyways, doing the research for this, he was picked 166, same draft as you.
We just interviewed him yesterday.
We're interviewing you today.
You were picked 167.
What are the odds of that happening?
Literally the next day and you were taking one spot after him.
Did you know that? Are you aware of that? Was it the next day and you were taking one spot after him did you did you know that are you aware of that was it the next day well no no we talked to him yesterday we're talking to you today but in the draft you were taking one pick right
after him it's just kind of myself like in the stands waiting to be called and i had to wait
for the next day no yeah i know that's crazy uh one one pick after him. And to find two turds and polish them like that a little bit,
and have guys that pick that way to actually make it two in a row,
you know, it's something to say.
But, yeah, I think that's crazy.
Now, is there even eight rounds now?
I don't know.
I think it's down to seven.
Seven now.
It's actually seven rounds.
I think it was even 12.
Yeah, yeah, I think it was even 12. Yeah, yeah.
I think it was 12 rounds back in 88.
I was just going to ask about your draft situation because when we had Podino on, he talked about how the fact that he didn't go to the draft and then the next day he found out because there was a sticky note on the fridge letting him know.
Did you actually go to the draft or how did you find out back then that you were drafted?
No, no.
I didn't go to the draft i you know i was at some camps and
stuff uh in the summer and people were talking about the draft but it wasn't like you know i
was all excited thinking oh i might go in this round or that round or you know i was hopeful
to get drafted but at that point uh i was just more focused on going to wisconsin um and and
trying to make that team much less make the nhl so So it was, you know, in the back of my mind that I might get picked,
but it wasn't like I was anticipating it or anything like that.
The high school tournament's going on right now in Minnesota.
I want to ask Duluth East High School you went to,
did you get to play in that tournament back in your day?
I did not.
No, I did not.
Oh, for two.
I made it to the finals of the region one year to go to the tournament and uh we had a
great game we were super close to making i got a few bad bounces i think lost eight to two to get
uh to not make it into the tournament uh tournament and then the team that pounded us got beat by like
five or six the first game down in saint paul and i was like you know what it might have been a better uh better deal to not go and uh instead of get uh that in front of 18,000 people you know all right you
didn't see in the notes Haley was actually minus four in that game you weren't supposed to bring
that up I heard Haley I did some research a lot of I might have done I might have done I'll tell
you what when you give up nine minus four is not bad when you're playing a lot right you gotta
I had my guy most of the time.
Right, right.
Yeah, I know.
Some bad rebounds that were, you know, from the other side of the ice.
Who knows?
So growing up, did you have brothers?
Your father played?
I always like hearing, you know, guys' origin stories of hockey and how they got into the game.
Yeah.
Yeah, I did have, well, I do have an older brother, two years older than me.
So he played as well. He was kind of
playing, he played football and baseball also in high school. And I only, I played baseball,
I think one year. I was more kind of year rounding with hockey a little bit, but
my father was a great athlete. He was actually UMD's first All-American. I'm sure you guys
know about UMD. So he was their first All-American way back in, gosh, I want to say maybe 66.
I was already shocked you didn't go there.
Hearing that, now it's just, I can't believe it.
Yeah, yeah.
I really was close to going.
I was close to pulling the trigger a few times.
Duluth's not that big of a
city um you know right around probably 150 000 surrounding areas so you know it was it was a you
know a huge part of me my growing up and stuff and my dad actually worked in the press box during the
games and stuff so i was around it a bunch i just uh i'll tell you what i went to wisconsin on a
recruiting trip and my eyes, you know,
about popped out of my head
and I thought, you know what,
maybe I do need to get out of Duluth.
Jesus Shuttlesworth?
Like a D-Guy game?
Exactly.
There was a lot of things going on there
that I hadn't seen in Duluth.
It ended up being a great decision for me.
You're acting like Wisconsin's
like the bright lights of New York City here.
Wisconsin's a time and a half, Biz.
Is it? Oh, Madison's
the capital of Wisconsin. This is a big time.
Well, I know that.
Biz is acting like it's
Oswego State. I mean, this is a
You say Western's unreal.
Go to Wisco for a weekend.
Oh, jeez. Biz, you're
giving Wisco shit and you're pumping
No, no, no, no, no no no no i compared it i
compared it to duluth so how what's the population there wisco and madison probably 50 000 students
let's start there okay all right so it does have more of a policy yeah no wisconsin madison's big
now it's probably over half a million in the surrounding area.
But Big Ten school, so, I mean, there's a lot of action going on.
Compared to Duluth, it is New York City.
Were you a full-ride guy, full scholarship?
I was.
I was a full-ride guy. Well, Wisconsin's full-ride is they didn't give you books,
so I don't know how much that saved them a year,
but truth be told, I don't know if I would have bought them anyways.
It brings me back to Pody, and he goes, we're going to start getting you books.
He goes, I haven't had books for two years.
It was senior spring.
That was their first money they ever gave him.
How about you just give me the cash instead of covering them, right?
Yeah.
I told him, hey, just get the bar tab.
Were you a good student no i wasn't
i mean i didn't i didn't put a lot of effort in um you know i was dumb enough to think that i was
going to play in the national hockey league at that point once i made wisconsin i was like gosh
i can do this why can't i play in the nhl you know and uh i had a scooter not not like the kind you
push with your foot but like the kind you sit on and boom.
And I had my notebook, five subject notebook crinkled up in half and right in the front part
of the scooter drove around once while I brought it into class, wrote a few things in it. But yeah,
that was kind of my gig. I did enough to get one. Yeah. I may or may not have had to stay in
Madison for the summer after my freshman year because I might have got a suspect grade in math 99, which was, as you can tell.
It's like beginner's math at college.
Yeah, I'm awesome at math.
I was great at math.
Then they started mixing the fucking alphabet with it, and that was trouble.
Oh, buddy.
So sign and pan all that bullshit.
I don't know if I got there.
I might have co-signed a check, but I did not. Co-sign a that. I don't know if I got there. I might have co-signed a check, but I did not.
Co-sign a tangent.
I don't know if I ever got there.
When I see letters and numbers, though, on a board, it's straight up.
I'm out.
Yeah, white flag.
I've had enough.
I can't even try to fathom that.
It's kind of like outer space to me.
What about you, R.A.?
What about you?
You good with the letters and numbers when doing math? Awful. Algebra frustrated me to tears. I had to go to
summer school. My brain just freezes up on it. Terrible. That's why I was an English major.
Awful at math. Me too, R.A. Summer school.
Oh, brutal. But you won a natty there as well, though. 1990, correct?
I did. It was not in the summer school stuff, though. That was winter, yeah.
1990, correct? I did. It was not in the summer school stuff. That was winter, yeah.
And no, that was a great group of guys, great team. Probably had a bunch of guys that,
you know, I thought would have played longer in the NHL, and they did. But we had a lot of guys that were just great, great college and never never played you know much after looking at your college numbers last year the 122 pims in 37 games uh how'd you get that
million college that's a pretty big number to put yeah i don't know really honestly i think there
must have been a couple you know maybe three four tens after the game was over looking for an early
exit or something get a shower quick and head down to the college club and see if i can't get a a little bit of a jump on the prospects i don't know you know
i mean and i was still somewhat productive so i don't i don't know i think they might have
maybe it's 22 minutes and someone was being funny and they messed it up i don't know that's a that's
a trick as old as time get the the early gate and get your positioning at the, at the local bar,
the local watering hole. That's unreal. Were you highly touted coming into college? Like what was
your game or did you have to adjust it when you first got there? Was it, was it a big wake up call
for you? Like my first, my first year, honestly, going into college, I was kind of a late recruit.
I was kind of a late bloomer, if you will. I mean, mean um and i don't know if it was part of it
probably wasn't me being the most serious with practicing and trying to get better but once i
got to wisconsin and saw the way the guys went about doing things and stuff and and realized
you know seeing some of these guys that they're telling me oh this guy's going pro he's going pro
for sure he's going to be this that you know I thought that's a pretty good deal. Maybe I should try and, you know, tighten it up a little
bit and start to work harder. And, um, you know, I was lucky enough to play a fair amount my
freshman year and, um, kind of was, I played enough to know that, uh, coming into the next
year, I thought I would be playing quite a bit more and, and, you know, my summer training kind
of ramped up and, and got to the point where the point where I was getting more and more serious about it.
So, Sean, when you went pro, were the Canadians kind of pushing you toward that? Was that your
own decision? How did that all come about when you decided to go that route?
So, after my sophomore year, I had a pretty decent sophomore year. And, you know, Olympic
year was coming up. Talking with the Olympic team, I kind of had a pretty good idea
that my junior year would be my last year.
And talked to Montreal a fair amount throughout the year.
And, you know, I wasn't positive I was going to go,
but I think I was pretty sure I was going to have the opportunity to.
And whether it was going to be that or going to the Olympic team,
you know, I was pretty sure I wasn't going back to Wisconsin.
So it was a situation where I kind of shut her down academically for second semester and maybe didn't do my best work.
My attendance probably wasn't great, but, you know, I was pretty sure I wasn't going back.
And once again, I was lucky enough that I was, I was right.
And didn't have to try and get those grades in order quick.
I would have been at summer school for six months.
If you can, I don't know if that's possible, but.
Did they throw a bag at you?
Did you get a nice little signing bonus?
I did.
I mean, I don't know if I'd call it a bag back then.
It was, I can't remember if I got.
Like an El Camino or some shit.
No, it was probably an edsel something
like that that was bad this way back in the 1900s biz it was a long time ago but i can't remember if
i got 150 175 i mean i think the first i don't remember if the first year was a one way or if
the first two years were one way and that was the biggest deal at the time for for me to be able to you know get that so
so you got a one way coming out of college i did i didn't really that's unbelievable that was
a minute ari i wish you could fact check this like when these guys get i'm gonna like shit
can you fact oh yeah you want him to go get good luck yeah no but yeah i know it was uh i think
i can't remember if there are stipulations after the first, I know it was one way or right away. And maybe I played a certain number of games, the duration went, but luckily it was one way the whole way.
great years offensively but did you realize right away all right I'm probably not going to be running the power play if I want to play in the NHL the way I was at Wisconsin was that easy for you to
change your game I mean you were a bulldog when when I remember playing against you
were you always that way or were you more offensive and had to switch um I mean I I always
you know kind of I didn't mind physical play I like to hit um but you know i think at first you know when you come up
obviously and you got matthew schneider there and eric de jardin there and these guys it's like
i know i'm not gonna be playing on the power play you know who knows maybe i could grow into it
there but obviously i didn't end up being there long enough but you kind of do what you can to
to get yourself in the lineup every night and And then after that, you know, give yourself a chance to let your game evolve.
You know, I always do.
I could do it, you know, the offensive side of it.
But, you know, I wouldn't put myself out there in front of Schneider or Desjardins at the time either.
You know, those guys were great players and they were doing obviously a great job.
And so, you know, I had to buy my time just like anybody else and uh you know try and be effective and round out you know
the defensive side of the game and try and figure a way into the lineup. Who were the biggest mentors
to you when you first broke in? Uh Mike Keane was a great teammate um he and his wife were amazing
to me I was you know obviously a young guy single guy. I went over to his house to eat probably at least half the nights we were home, probably more like three quarters of the time. Great family, great guy, obviously. Good guy to learn from.
goals in the playoffs I mean he was uh he was awesome to me and I learned a ton from him and kind of you know a lot of times you you think you're learning stuff and you are but then you
know several years down the road you kind of like click in your head and you're like holy shit that's
what Keener was talking about you know or you know Kirk Muller was great to me um uh everybody on
that team Montreal you know it's it's odd a little bit odd back then being an American playing in Montreal,
but the guys were awesome, you know, right down the line,
all the way from Patrick Law and Guy Carboneau.
I mean, Denis Savard, it was a really good group of guys.
I think, you know, when you look at that team,
we weren't probably the best team in the league, I think.
The Guins were kind of on a tear back then and probably would have won three in a row, but somehow the best team in the league. I think, uh, the Gwens were kind of on a tear back
then and, and probably would have won three in a row, but somehow the Islanders knocked them out.
But I think we were the best, the best group of guys playing a team game. And obviously had the
best goalie in the world at the time, which was, which is huge. But, uh, you know, I think,
I think the team game that, that our club was playing at the time was better than anybody else's.
I just looked at your birthday.
You're 13 years older than me,
but we both got to experience coming into the league
with Lyle Odeline.
You had Odie as a young buck.
I'm sure he told me some amazing stories
after they won the cup,
and then I had him at the end,
and he's like, let's go have lunch.
I've told it 100 times,
and then all of a sudden it was 730.
All right, time for dinner.
Lunch.
Lunch with Odie.
Yeah.
Yeah.
That's, that's, yeah, Odie was amazing.
Great guy.
Great guy.
Would do anything for the team, you know.
He saw it as much as I did.
You know what?
I remember, I don't think it was when I was there.
I think I was maybe gone or gone two years,
but scored a hat trick.
And he had five assists one game.
I think it tied Doug Harvey's record.
He always talked about it.
Yeah.
I mean, you just got to tip your hat right there, right?
And he was tough too.
You were a pretty big machine in the gym.
Were you still old school in the sense
where you go with guys for pops all night long?
Because back then, that's kind of what everybody did right especially when you're in your montreal days going out partying in montreal you guys were probably living the vita
loca vita loca do you want to say that in french no not me neither and he speaks french yeah i uh
yeah i like to have a good time i mean we weren, I wasn't going out the night before games by any means,
but if there was a bit of a green light, oh, yeah, enjoy it.
Have a great time.
Obviously, Montreal is a great place to go out for a beer and enjoy yourself.
But I wouldn't say I was in the league of some of those guys,
but if we had a green light, obviously, I like to go out just as much as anyone else
and great teammates to do that with and and the one follow-up i think i don't want to say
there was criticism people maybe some people surprised carbino made it to the hall of fame
give it as offensive numbers just maybe describe to some of the younger audience like what his game
was like back then and what made him a hall of fam You know, when a guy can put up modest to decent numbers
but have the impact defensively,
playing against the other team's top player every night,
I mean, would you rather have Guy Carboneau have no goals, no assists,
but Wayne Gretzky maybe get one assist or something along those lines?
I mean, that's better than if he had one and two on the night or something,
as long as he keeps Gretzky to numbers like that. I mean, that's better than if he had one and two on the night or something, as long as he keeps, you know, gets to numbers like that. I mean, he was amazing. And you didn't have to,
very rarely did a guy playing against you have a three, four point night. You know, it was,
he could neutralize their best players and you knew more often than not, you weren't going to
get beat by their best players,
the other team's best players, because he was going to handle that job.
And after that, the other guys just had to find a way to pitch in and get a goal here and there.
And we, you know, end up in good shape.
So, Sean, your first NHL game was actually a playoff game with the Canadians, right?
I don't remember it very well, but it was against the Bees, I think, if I remember correctly. I remember that part of it.
And we did lose. I think, if I remember correctly. I remember that part of it. And we did lose. I
think it was in the garden, but you know, it was one of those deals where I was in, I was in Freddie
when I signed, I went to Fredericton and I don't know if I played four or five games there. And
then somebody got hurt. I can't remember who it was. So I got called up for the one game
and we ended up losing that game. So we're out of the playoffs. I think the rules said I couldn't
go back to Fredericton. And then I think that one game counted for a year towards the agency,
which was a big deal.
You don't even know about it happening back then,
but fast forward after that, whatever, how many years it was,
and to have that one game count a year was great.
Burn, baby, burn.
You must have played awesome those four or five games, though.
I mean, they got guys there all year, and you're getting the call up.
You just got there.
I don't know if I played awesome.
I don't know what they had down there.
I mean, I remember the guys they had down there,
and I don't know if maybe I played awesome
or I just played good enough that I was playing better
than some of those other guys.
But whatever the reasoning, it was great to be able to have that one game and, and, you know, help me out going in the next year.
Obviously not that much because I was sent down again, but helped me out enough that I knew where I was going when I got to Freddie and knew some of the guys and we'd made a little bit better of a transition, you know?
I know you mentioned the Olympics a few minutes ago.
You did that actually, obviously before you were a full-time pro.
That was the Albert, Albertville games, the Ray LaBl minutes ago. You did that actually obviously before you were a full-time pro.
That was the Albertville Games, the Ray LaBlanc show.
What was that experience like?
I mean, obviously the miracle was 12 years before that,
but that team really made a big impact because you had so many guys who were about to go pro right after.
We had actually a pretty, I think anybody on the team,
if you told them that we're going to finish fourth,
would have probably been pretty happy with it.
Ray LaBlanc was amazing um that might be an understatement the way he played throughout the pre pre-round
or whatever the round robin i should say um and we had we had a lot of guys on that team that ended
up being pretty good nhlers but like you said that was before they were shutting down the the nhl uh scheduling and um you know doing the full
blown nhl guys best on best so um it was it was fun it was uh a little bit different like
like you said i was coming from fredericton so i was so overjoyed to to get out of freddie and be
there for you know a month or whatever it was. Um, and to have that experience and play in the games is,
is great. And then, you know, we had two shots at a metal. Um, I think in the, in the semifinals,
I think we lost to the unified team, which was Russia. Um, and then I think in the,
in the gold medal game, we lost to Czechoslovakia. It was still Czechoslovakia at the time. And
I think, I think I think
Ray went from being amazing to just being average and the difference in that was like a 6-1 and a
7-2 or something along those lines but when you look back at it I mean we didn't we would have
had to do miraculous things to get a medal out of the deal but it was uh it was a lot of fun
great experience. When you end up going to Anaheim, take us through that whole scenario
because that year you'd been up with Montreal most of the time
and Anaheim's this new team out west.
Were you excited or were you kind of like,
oh my God, I don't want to leave Montreal?
Yeah, I was surprised, but there was always rumors about it happening.
We had kind of a logjam on defense in Montreal.
I was, you know, depending on the day, the, sixth, seventh, eighth guy, you know, um,
I think my rookie year, I played 32 games or something like that. I did have a, uh,
sports journey or whatever that kept me out of the lineup for a while. And, um, so I went down
and played a conditioning stint, but you know, we had, we had a bunch of guys there. So I was,
you know, thinking, thinking something was going to
happen. I didn't know if it would be me or someone else. And then when I was exposed in the expansion
draft, I was pretty sure that it was going to happen just a matter of where. And I was happy
to, it was a little bit of a shock, you know, for a minute, but to go to a franchise in Anaheim,
I knew it was,
you know, obviously Southern California, probably going to be a, a pretty fun place to play. I
figured that they'd do it right. And they did. And, uh, you know, so it ended up being, uh,
a bit of a, you know, a learning experience being with an expansion team, but it wasn't like it was,
uh, you know, a group that was just shoveled together their nipples
and had just enough to make it go.
I mean, they did it right, and it was a lot of fun,
and we had a great group of guys, so it was a rewarding experience.
You scored the first ever goal in franchise history, didn't you?
I did. I did.
You get the puck?
I did not get the puck.
I mean, what a joke, huh?
Geez.
Did they not do that back then?
I don't know if they probably didn't have enough pucks to go around or whatever. They had a low budget mean what a joke huh jeez did they not do that back then i don't i don't know if they
probably didn't have enough pucks you know to go around or whatever they had a low budget or what
but the samuelis oh no disney owned it then right yeah yeah yeah yeah because i was never
CEO i don't i don't someone's got to have the thing she's like i can get it no chance you think
someone would have kept it yeah Sorry. It was maybe.
Actually, my tour guide at Disney had the puck.
They let the tour guides for the VIPs there carry it around.
It's pretty good.
They're still proud of you.
Yeah.
Big, big goal.
I think it got us within four with Detroit.
Oh, nice.
Yeah.
Got to chip it away.
Got to start somewhere.
I mean, if I don't score that goal, they might still be stuck on zero right now.
Who knows?
Yeah, they weren't nearly as generous then as they were today.
I mean, you guys had more points your first year than five other teams in the league.
I mean, Guy Hebert, Ron Tug, that were great goalies.
Like, how'd that season go?
Did you guys get down in the dumps at all?
Like, Ron Wilson was the coach, right? Our performance was better than people expected.
And we were kind of in the playoff hunt till um you know probably a month
left which is a lot better than a lot of the teams were doing at that time so it was i mean i'd say
we were competitive you know we're competitive we weren't we weren't uh you know we weren't
scaring anybody out of the rink or anything as far as uh they were you know worried about us
blowing them out but they had to pay attention against us i guess and uh you know we one thing we did have we had a tough
team i mean we had stew grimson robin bawa jim thompson uh there's a bunch of other guys that i
can't i can't remember right now but we had a bunch of guys that were scary. So it was, uh, it was kind of actually scary sometimes in practice.
Um,
a couple of times early on,
I might've taken the puck from stew and it wasn't a good idea.
And,
uh,
I learned that I would,
should really make sure my elbow pads are in the right spots.
My shin pads are down to my ankles.
I mean,
it was,
uh,
it was,
it was a little bit gritty sometimes in practice
but especially the way you block shots yeah i don't i don't know if i was like rudy in practice
what i was worried about i was more worried about the slashes if i actually got to get the puck and
take more than two strides coming from some of the guys we had but i got to work with stew grimson
nhl network one of the nicest people i've ever met like so
friendly helpful and then on the ice it was just it was the complete opposite he just snapped right
oh man he could he could snap yeah but like you said sweetheart of a guy great guy great guy had
him uh i had him in anaheim and i had him in in carolina as well and and great dude man and was he he was scary tough he was uh I was in
St. Louis and and uh Reed Simpson got in a fight with Stu right in front of our bench when I was
playing for St. Louis and Rand Reed was a tough dude man well and I played with him yeah they
squared off and and he was pretty smart fighter it seemed like he didn't get hit you know a ton and and stew
got loose and you know next thing you know reads on his back and he was out and two seconds later
he snaps up and he goes why'd they stop the fight why'd they stop the fight and it's just like oh
my god man that is a scary deal would would you ever see the wires cross off the ice or was he
just a gentle giant and never never never saw crazy how you had to just
turn it on like that yeah happy go lucky guy you know great around town amazing with his kids just
sweetheart of a guy sweetheart maybe if you like pulled a prank on him all of a sudden you saw that
guy you saw on the ice get to see i don't think i would pull pranks on him off the ice if you can
get away a little bit but i'm not gonna be allowed to run him off the ice. He's rippling on the ice if he can get away a little bit,
but I'm not going to be allowed to run him off the ice.
Yeah.
I got to ask you this one, though.
So you were the first ever player suspended by the NHL,
NHLPA for substance abuse policy.
It was a 20-game suspension.
That was in 2007 for anabolic steroids,
but you still deny it to this day.
What happened?
I suppose this is a good time to tell the truth oh i did okay all right did these look like steroid arms how
about the pit stands by the way yeah yeah maybe you're sure you should put the botox instead of
the fucking juice in there yeah yeah but no honestly so at the time, I was on a TUE, therapeutic use exemption, because I had low testosterone.
And so, you know, I'd get tested and could use and be in a certain range, right?
So as soon as the guy called me, I'm like, hey, do you know I'm on a TUE?
I'm, you know, allowed to use testosterone because I, you know, there's most women produce as much testosterone as I had before getting the treatment.
I was like, no, no, this is something else.
This is Boldenone.
Jack 3D, Ultimate Orange.
And if you went through our locker room, you guys, Biz,
you probably were a big bird watcher and were checking that guy's note.
There we go. He's alive.
But they still had their gear on. i mean i would have been probably the
the 12th to 15th guy that you'd be like yeah i bet he i bet he's uh on something i mean
but you know what they take the take the sample then you got your b sample of course that's going
to be you know the same as the a sample and what do you do no idea how it happened um took a lie detector
test with a guy who worked with the fbi that did stuff with terrorists did stuff with mafia
meet the fuckers yeah the fuckers tour bus pull up exactly yeah hey you were calling me the bird
watcher look at this guy wit any player that he's ever played with he doesn't need to see their face just see no no just one year just one just one year oh okay well like
when i got pulled through the wall and uh what movie was that there's a lot of them like that
oh porky's in the locker room right yeah i'm sorry i thought you were talking about the glory
hole you were talking about the glory hole you were talking
about action movies biz was talking to tommy turner he had a mole on his prick i was talking
about the glory hole yeah exactly exactly yeah going back to this so so you did they offer the
lie detector or did you say i'm pleading my innocence put me on a fucking lie detector
i did not take anything other than what i was prescribed to take at the time i i went out and did that independently on my own so i did the
i did the uh you know obviously they took the b sample and then i um appealed it and the whole
appeal process is going on behind the scenes basically so you know basically the the advice for me was do the appeal
it'll buy you more time you'll play more games and then at the end of the year um is when when
it hit so i played i think i might have played i played in the playoffs and then it and then it
came out at that time they never rescinded it you you had to. You spent the whole 20 games suspended. Yeah. So it was one in the island and then 19 with the Wild the next year. But I mean-
What that cost you?
At the time in Long Island, I was playing, I was 37 years old. I was playing over 20 minutes a game,
playing in the top four and had a good year. And not that however you look at it, it cost me
a fair amount of money
probably and obviously then the next year I went to Minnesota and that that didn't work out great
but uh you know it's one of those things there's not many things in your career where you look back
and you're like how the hell did that happen what you know I'd love to know exactly what happened
you know what caused it but you know fun deal when i went and did the appeal it was
bill daly was there and there's a couple girls that were lawyers obviously and they're sitting
in there and my career is on the line basically and they're passing the phone back and forth
giggling looking at their phones and stuff i was just like you know probably brought them in to
get the t up the low t up yeah i'm sitting here watching my career go up and woke,
and they're like going back and forth.
They got the push-up bras.
They're only fans.
They're passing the thing back and forth looking at Dick Talk.
That means Dick Talk.
Dick Talk.
Oh, yeah.
Early days.
What did that cost you?
What did you lose in salary?
I don't even know.
I mean, here on the island, I was making 600, so whatever,
a few games of that. And then the next year, I was making 600, so whatever, you know, a few games of that.
And then the next year, I wasn't, you know, I was league minimum in Minnesota.
Happy to have somebody sign me up, to be honest with you.
But, you know, I probably, who knows, do you get a two-year deal instead of a one-year deal or, you know, without the black eye and that type of thing.
But, you know, I was looking back and i'm lucky i played as long as i did i
yeah a solid career it just makes you wonder like what what the hell happened you know kind
of like biz when you were playing with with wit against colesie and uh willie and you couldn't
find your ball and you knew it was like in the edge of the fairway maybe rough and you're like
i can't find it where is it and it's like the end of the day you just want to know where it is it's okay wit won the hole but you just want to know where the fucking ball is yeah maybe stew spiked
one of your drinks oh boy maybe one of the guys pranked you so i was just going to continue here
so you you went from playing with anaheim and all of a sudden you go to a team that was expansion
a few years before that in ottawa uh bit of a shit show you guys didn't win many hockey games that must have
been a bit of a dumpster fire little bit of a skid there yeah exactly i went back to duluth in the
summer and the trade happens and i see some guy who i've known for years older guy you know he's
like hey sean how was anna i'm i'm like that's good it's good it. He's like, sorry, you just got traded to the auditors. I'm like, fuck.
It's happening in one home town.
It's all in the auditors.
Yeah, so not many games won up there.
Some good times, some good teammates.
But, yeah, not a lot of Ws.
How much of a mental challenge is it playing on a team like that for three years,
you know, just getting beat almost every night?
I don't know.
Some people say it's a character builder i think it's a kick in the balls but uh you know you you
just try and find ways to get better and find ways to stay positive and you know small victories here
and there and then uh roll with it and hopefully you'll you'll win more games and and find ways to
to play better uh but it was uh you know it's never it's never any fun
being on a shitty team to do it for a few years in a row kind of takes a little little uh shelf
life off you probably was was that rink always in kanata or were you guys playing in downtown at
some point no we i started when i started they were still downtown and i was with the team when
they moved to uh to kanada and you know that was uh
i'll tell you what we had to drive 35 minutes whatever but to actually have a rink with
electricity and running water and stuff like that that was that was an amazing change
the downtown arena was that bad no i mean it was it was one of those things where it's like
you know it's where the 67s played.
No shit.
That was the NHL barn for a few years.
I totally forgot that.
Did you dangle in there, Bills?
Oh, I couldn't even fucking see because those bright lights,
they got those TV lights in there, and you're just like on the bench,
like, ah.
But no, I didn't.
Yeah, I drew out.
I didn't dance in there, but I did play in there a couple games.
Kill Ray was still the coach, but that's interesting.
So you got to experience both sides of it.
Now, I'm sure initially you guys were probably drawing well, though,
because it was a new barn, new setup, or no?
Oh, yeah, no.
I mean, the atmosphere was great in there.
It was a small barn, and obviously to get a team back in Ottawa was great.
So it wasn't a problem with support down there there was it was great atmosphere you know kind of probably similar to
what the yotes are doing now with a smaller smaller building hey i'm yes you gotta remember
i lived out there for 10 years i was i was the yotes fan um so yeah i you have create demand, put them in a small box like that,
and the people are going to come out.
And you know what?
It was at least we had that going when we moved out to Kanata at first.
You know, once it died off, there wasn't, I don't want to say it was poorly attended,
but it definitely wasn't full, and they weren't, you know, on top of you.
Also play with Alexander Dague in Ottawa.
If he was, like, fully committed, I guess, you know,
he didn't take it as serious as people thought he should have.
Would he have been at least an all-star if he kind of fully committed to everything?
Yeah, he'd pretty special to be an all-star.
You know, amazingly explosive.
I don't think his hands and his mind could keep up with his feet,
and not many people's could, the way he jumped.
I mean, he could jump like, you knowcgillney and these type of guys he was that good a skater but
you know what i give i give the kid freddie he came back and reinvented himself uh you know got
back in the game after being out of it and was a really good checker and scored some goals and
you know i think that says a lot about his character to be able to do that as you know he
took a lot of heat for for being that high a draft pick and and you know not producing like they
expected them to but you know what he was at the end of the day is a good hockey player he wasn't
did he play like a a first overall you know there are probably a bunch of first overalls that he
played better than but you know what he was he what a first overall should be probably not most
people's eyes but i give the guy credit he
came back he worked his ass off and and came to be a very dependable player in the league which
was saying something especially after being so high up and thought of so highly you know i think
11 years later he he ended up getting 20 goals from minnesota right so it's like that's that that
is a lot of the times what we talk about and just reinventing
yourself and him doing it after getting kind of carved apart right like it's not a true bust i
hear what you're saying right do you think some of that was maybe brought on himself because of
the amount of money that he demanded off the signing bonus like was it was it an added pressure
and how how long after that he that whole ordeal had gone down did you join the team? Was he number one pick in 94 or was it 95?
I don't remember.
92.
Oh, yeah.
Yeah, second overall in 92.
I just called in my first SPAC check if everyone's keeping score.
Yeah, you had a few lifelines on our podcast.
I like that.
RA, you were on top of that, by the way.
We're going to give you  you still got your double dip.
Don't burn it too quick.
RA right there yeah so i mean i don't know how if he brought on himself by i guess he can't he can't blame the guy for they gave him the money you know i mean yeah what are
you gonna do but i think i think you know obviously there's gonna be a huge amount of pressure
being that draft pick with a new franchise like that.
I don't think no matter what he did, no matter how he handled it or how much money he got,
I think he was always going to be dealing with a mountain of pressure.
But you know what? Like I said, he battled through it. He came back.
And to be able to do that, I think that shows a pretty high character person.
Absolutely.
Actually, I got to give myself a dash one. I was at the the page of the guy i wanted to bring up next
uh alexi yashin he was second overall dag did go first overall in 93 but alexi yashin he kind of
seemed like a mysterious guy quiet guy what was it like playing with him what was he like on the
locker room turtlenecks and models he was uh yeah models he had the models strange strange dude like
he was kind of kind of like the just the big happy almost panda bear guy um but always you know never
never serious and you're like come on ash now we need you to me you know and i mean skilled as a
mofo like so skilled could hang out of the puck you couldn't get off get it off tonight you know and i mean skilled as a mofo wait so skilled could hang
out of the puck you couldn't get off get it off him you know he's 220 pounds you're like yeah
yeah actually need you tonight buddy you gotta you gotta be good for you i'll be good i'll be
good i'll be good you know one of those and you're like fuck come on man just tell me you're gonna
be you know and when he showed up he was amazing when he didn't, he was just kind of like,
dude, did he pay 250 for the open skate and grab the towel
and be done with it or what?
But when he wanted to go, I mean, he was a big, strong man.
He could skate, soft hands.
I mean, he was something.
It's a little frustrating sometimes,
especially when you get to the bigger games.
If he's the highest paid guy and supposed to be the leader on a team usually usually everybody follows right so you get
the result from all these young guys coming and seeing that and rubbing off on them right yeah
no definitely one of those guys were like if you could have taken a quarter of some of the guy at
the bottom end of the team's heart and put it in his i mean look the fuck out now you know here we go but you know it's it's
hard i i can imagine being the coach and trying to you know get a guy like that motivated and to see
the bad side of it and just probably go home and pull your hair out and and just wonder like why
why won't he play why won't he play he's putting all his energy into models five holes how could he bring it to the rink yeah yeah i mean he was legs
yeah he was uh i bet he was working harder there i mean it seemed like that
the results were better i mean hey breaking news yashin was a pimp
posted g make sure you get hill's photo on there though direct quote from sean hill i think the last
time is i saw you i don't know if you remember it it was your came out of the phoenix alumni event
very gracious uh guy i don't think you were playing still i think you were just uh you know
obviously the the big tv personality and you showed up at i think it was our christmas alumni deal oh yeah that's right
yeah you were you're having a great time i kept trying to find you to to shoot the shit with you
because i heard all this great stuff what a what a guy what a character and every time i'm like
where's biz and so i was probably outside smoking dope they said you're in the parking lot with some gals. Oh, yeah.
I was like, here we go.
I was like, jeez.
It was a bang bus.
That's a lie.
I got square wheels, man.
I got nothing.
I don't know.
I ain't nowhere near Yashin's level.
I don't know, man.
They said that you were out there and you were showing them the Ford check.
You were getting it deep.
Oh, yeah.
Yeah.
I was showing some Ford.
You were getting it deep. You were getting it down. You were getting it deep. Yeah, i was showing some form you were getting anywhere
in damrinth you were getting deep down yeah yeah yeah what else you guys got there's like i mean
you played for what 20 teams you're a bit of a suitcase here who else did you play for let me
check your hair you just got to be out there with enough teams and then you get trading you're like
well they wanted them there's got to be something we want and we'll take them we'll try it you know
year or two and get out of town it's over you know shelf life you got to buy fresh groceries dude you don't want
the shit with the preservatives well this this next place we're about to talk about is where you
did most of your damage and the carolina hurricanes probably your what some of your best numbers in
the national hockey league too so you finally got back to that offensive game from uh from your
college days yeah yeah it was uh
it was great when i got traded from from ottawa to here um another place where i got to start out
in a different rank uh we're in greensboro living in care or living in raleigh driving 80 miles for
the home game much less than driving her much worse i, I should say, than going to Kanata. But I was used to it, so I was effective at it.
But Paul Maurice was great for me.
Lucky enough, he was one of the guys who looked at the stats
and called me in the office one day and said,
you know what, you're putting up numbers in college.
What's going on? Why haven't you been putting them up here?
And I was like, I think I threw the roll card out there.
I haven't really been putting that roll. and i was like ah i think i threw the roll card out there you know i haven't really been putting that roll you know and and you know it
wasn't too long after that he started giving me a shot he said do you think you can still do it i
said i don't know let's let's give it a shot you know so um he was great great for my game great
for my confidence and um you know saw something in me that other coaches hadn't seen for a while so
yeah he was younger than some of the guys on the team, right?
He was, like, 30, 31 years old at that time, right?
Yeah, he was.
He was younger than some of the guys on the team.
But you know what?
He's found a way to be a great coach in the league for a long time
and a great motivator, great speaker, you know, knows his X's and knows well.
I mean, he could do anything, whether it was chew your ass or pump you up or,
you know, anything. He was good at it and still is, obviously.
That was the first year down there. They had relocated from Hartford. What was the atmosphere
like? I mean, hockey was new to the area. It wasn't probably well known. Did fans,
were they clueless? Was the atmosphere good? Tell us what it was like in Greensboro.
At the start, you know, it was slow at the start, you know, a bit of a slow burn. It
took a while for the fans to catch on. And I can't remember what we averaged in Greensboro.
That's one of those deals where, you know, whether it was 7,000, 9,000, the fans that came
were great. I mean, they were passionate. They were loud for, you know, the jumbo school bus
that they rode in on. They were great. I mean, they were fired up, ready to go. So, but once we got down to the new building and stuff,
it kind of turned a little bit and that's when things started taking off.
After that, you're a free agent. Was that your first time being a total free agent the summer
of 2000 when you signed with the Blues? Yeah, that was the first time being unrestricted,
which was, you was a good experience
and coming off a really good year in Carolina. So I had a feeling, I knew I wasn't going to be
going back to Carolina. They basically said, we know we can't afford what you're going to get,
which I don't think they were really in the upper tier of teams spending money at the time. So, but you know, I, I ended up going to St. Louis and, um, you know, Dallas Drake and I basically signed at the same time. He's a guy I
knew from college. He was a amazing college player in Northern Michigan and, and, uh, kind of,
we're talking a little bit throughout the whole thing and, and, uh, it was interesting,
but, um, yeah, so I ended up in St. Louis. Did you have any offers? Yeah, there was five teams that were in it.
But it was kind of St. Louis, I think, they came out strong early
and basically I kind of had a feeling right off the bat
that I was going to end up there.
Anyone who would be willing to offer you more than league minimum.
Exactly.
Was it intimidating going into that St. Louis locker room?
There were so many legends in there.
I mean, Kachuk was in there, McInnes.
Yeah.
Who else was still there?
Was Pronger still there?
Chris Pronger was a good hockey player.
Oh, nasty motherfucker too, eh?
Oh, my gosh, yeah.
You could get a piece of chicken out of your teeth with the tip of a stick on tire skates
and then go top shelf like it was nobody's business.
I mean, he was amazing.
Yeah, that was a good team.
Probably one of the best teams I played on.
Made it to the semifinals of the Western deal, but didn't work out.
When I went there, I think the plan was that I was going to play behind Pronger and McInnes and, you know, in the top four.
And I was excited about it.
Great team, obviously, and backed those guys up and probably, you know, played 22 minutes a game somewhere in that area and have a big role.
And it never really worked out like that.
really worked out like that I had a sports hernia that I played with for the last I don't know 15 games and uh in Carolina had the surgery at the end of the season and then it just wasn't right
at the start and uh kind of struggled out of the gates and didn't really didn't really kind of
catch my stride for till towards the playoffs there and um odd deal it was almost like Quenville
didn't think I shouldn't say didn't think it was almost like maybe Quenville didn't think, I shouldn't say didn't think, it was
almost like maybe Quenville wasn't on board with them signing me or something. And, uh, you know,
during the year I was playing 16, 17 minutes a game, but then in the playoffs started playing
a bunch. So I was thinking, okay, you know, in the playoffs I played with Pronger a lot
and I'm thinking, okay, this is, this is going to work out. I'm going to go back the next year
and things are going to be great. And my wife and I both loved it there great sports town love the
guys on the team um so I was thinking this is going to work out next thing you know get get
going again and I'm playing you know 16 15 17 minutes wearing my suit under my my gear so I
can get out quick and get the jump you know no not not the jump then but anyways you know i hardly
get in a sweat and i'm like this is this is not fun it doesn't matter what money you're making
i was just like this ain't working you know was prong like an in your face type of captain like
not afraid to call guys out a little more laid back yes he was uh yeah you could get in guys
faces for sure for sure not and a lot of times it wasn't it wasn't in the face but just snide comments i mean
he's a smart dude and you know he knows when to throw zingers and it wasn't really like in your
face like get your shit together type of thing it's more like a smart comment or a you know a
zipper here or shot there and where the guy goes okay i'm you know he's put me on alert and i'm uh
i've been i've been warned, basically, type of thing.
With so many strong personalities in that dressing room,
you ever get in a practice fight?
You ever get in a practice fight?
No.
No.
No.
I found out early on in my career that fighting wasn't going to be a big part of my game.
I think Gord Donnelly, I jeff o'neill has a great a great i can't remember who
jeff o'neill fought and it was like some some fighter and after the game i remember broder
said something about wow jeff so so you uh you fought whatever and o'neill goes i did not fight
him he fought me yeah yeah yeah so i had i had a little bit of a tussle with gordon one night when
i was a rookie in montreal and he i don't think he ever hit me in the head he hit me in the helmet
and it cracked my helmet and i was like black and blue here lost my contact and of course i i got
him where i picked him up and threw him down never never missed with a punch or two, and that's where I got my first sports hernia from, picking up.
He probably weighed 235 or something.
And so basically that told me right there,
I don't know if this is something that I want to be taking part in, you know.
But the guys in St. Louis, their practices could get heated.
There's a few times when there's maybe a little bit of a dust-up got started,
but most of those guys were you know pretty intense but realized they didn't want to
be breaking knuckles on helmets with their own guys type of thing you know how excited were you
when you when you at least you know if you like St. Louis which everyone seems to love playing
there but at least when you when you were gone it was back to Carolinas or something you were familiar with. Like, that had to make a difference.
Oh, yeah.
It was, it was, it was, I was excited, put it that way.
I remember I was rooming with Mike Keene,
and we were in Phoenix, actually.
We were watching a little TV, and 2 o'clock comes around,
he goes, you good?
I'm like, yeah.
So he shuts off the TV, have a two-hour nap,
and all of a sudden, the phone rings.
And Keener's got no filter and he's awesome the phone ring and he's like who the fuck is this and then he's like oh yeah okay joel okay joel yeah joel will send him up brings up he goes
you're fucking traded you yeah yeah classic biz move i pulled the robe out of the old closet rich carlton is
what it was oh fucking a inch there up elevator up knock on joel's door hey sean how are you doing
he goes larry's on the phone for you and i said oh i said what's going on he goes well he's got
a trade uh lined up obviously you have to uh you know, okay it with your no trade clause.
And I'm like, hmm, okay.
And he puts me on the phone and Larry Plo, super nice guy.
Hey, Sean, we got a deal done to move you back to Carolina.
And, you know, I gave the joke, okay, yeah, let me think about it.
And I'll talk to my agent, whatever.
And inside I'm going, that's awesome yeah and so uh
would you have said no if it was somewhere you didn't want to go i don't i don't know at that
point i mean i wasn't i wasn't playing anywhere there i might as well go somewhere else and play
a lot and have some fun you know and that type of thing but i called uh well they gave me the
number for the carolina uh team services and i called and i'm like hey how's it
going whatever and they're like yeah great okay so we got a flight for you tomorrow morning and
now remember now it's like 3 30 and i'm like you you don't have anything that you can get me back
tonight well yeah there's nothing i mean we got this 11 o'clock red eye or and i'm like yep i'm
on and i'm on really and i'm like put me on the damn thing
you would have thought i was in purgatory you know and i got back to carolina obviously the
next morning straight to the ring and they had lost a bunch of games in a row obviously they
must have been desperate to have to try and get me back right and so i walk in the room the guys
are walking around with their heads down and i'm like hey guys what's going on they're like god lost the
six overall or i'm just like who cares i'm back so let all your problems be gone
i'm actually gonna have to shower after the games now i yeah
hey another thing too though back then back then, no social media.
It was pretty lethal sometimes when guys had no trade clauses
or no move clauses because the team, the coaches and team
would start treating you like shit, so you'd eventually just say,
fuck it and wave it.
Right, right.
Yeah, I mean, those things, sometimes they're good
and sometimes probably they're not.
They're just mentally torturous with it.
But it was great to get back
to carolina it was it was like i had never left and great group of guys you know mostly the same
guys and um paul reese was great you know i got there and he pulled me in the office right away
he's like we're playing in florida the next day or it was either florida or tampa i think i think
it was tampa he's like so how are you doing
i'm like fucking better now a lot better he's like yeah it wasn't uh it wasn't good i said nah
this wasn't working out you know and he goes are you in shape and i said i can ride a bicycle
and he's like okay and he's like what what do you think for minutes tomorrow and he goes do you
think he can play 20 and i was like yeah i think i can play 20 goes 22 I was like, yeah, I think he can play 20. He goes, 22? And I'm like, yeah, I think so.
But I said, how about we just get her going,
and I'll let you know if I need a break or whatever.
And someone was asking me about it a while back,
and I had someone look it up,
and it ended up being like 27 and a half minutes.
Oh, game's one back?
Holy shit.
Yeah.
Iron lungs over here.
Yeah, exactly.
You guys ended up having quite the Cinderella run
all the way to the Stanley Cup final.
A Detroit Red Wings team, nine Hockey Hall of Famers on it.
I think people might see a 4-1 series win,
but that series is super close, man.
You had outstanding goaltending from Irby and Weeksey back then.
Yeah, yeah.
It was a great run.
I mean, you talk about our team was playing a great team game at the time,
and we didn't have any, like, total superstars,
but, you know, Ron Francis, obviously a great player.
Rod Brindamore, you know, Roddy was awesome, amazing.
We just had a bunch of guys that were willing to play, you know,
the right way and that type of thing.
And I think if they've
ever come to a point where they give up two cups one for mortals and one for aliens i think we
definitely get that one that year i mean brett hall scored a goal in that in that series you
know we won the first game in detroit lost the second one game three were up um you know with
under two minutes left and holy scored a goal with a,
I can't remember who took the shot from the point,
but it was probably going two, three feet wide,
and gave her one of these and tipped it back, you know, crazy tip,
and we ended up losing in triple overtime.
So, you know, another situation where obviously they were,
they had amazing players,
and it was going to take something crazy to beat them,
but, you know, to be up 2-1
at home obviously would have had a better shot but they were they were so good and and you know
it was it was probably about a 1.3 chance we're going to beat them and somehow it didn't happen
i was at game three i was at that game did you see do you remember that time when i had that
one timer on the power play and they split it over and I shot it high and wide, but it was so loud on the glass, Whit.
It was very loud.
You sound like a nine-year-old when he's like, I hit the glass, dad.
Yeah.
Do you think he actually remembers a shot where you hit the fucking glass at this game
three when he was, how old were you?
He had a wide open net, bitch.
I just wanted to fucking talk about it.
I got good with him.
Oh, okay.
There you go.
You got a cannon off.
What a bully. I remember that. There's remember that cyber bullying me oh yeah oh yeah it's coming from the guy who's juicing
who got his own lie detector test yeah yeah one of my buddies said uh after after that was you know
far enough away you know in the in the rear view that they could laugh about.
They're like, hey, you know what?
Just so you know, if you ever do the juice again, you actually have to work out if you want to benefit from it.
Yeah, exactly.
I would love to see this independent lie detector guy that you hired just like one off Craigslist.
Would you like look at his phone book?
No, no.
I found him classifieds.
Classifieds.
Back when people actually read newspapers. Yeah. Phone books too. Yeah. Larion? No, no. I found them in the classifieds. Classifieds. Back when people actually read newspapers.
Yeah, phone books too. Yeah,
Larry Yonoff got that goal.
You were sitting at that game, Whit?
It's like Miss Cleo slash Private Eye slash
lie detector. All right.
Let's get some tea with the guy in the upper corner there.
Were you really at that
game, Whit? Yeah, I was at that game.
It was for the guys
who were supposed to go high in the draft. Jay Bollme myself joffrey john bodeen sean help i don't know if rick nash they
might but but yeah we got to go we were in the locker room um in in both teams like after pregame
skate i remember eisenman didn't skate he had ice or heat on his knees and he was limping around i
think he was basically playing bone on bone uh but it was an incredible game i was in the corner that larionov skated into after he tucked that
goals it was wild i'm surprised that you were able to stay up that late being that young
yeah well we had we had beers so we were giving beers for this whoa
what did you you do during the lockout yeah Yeah, you didn't play, did you?
A lot of golf.
There you go.
I really, I did a lot of Furbies, goal line, blue line, goal line,
red line, goal line, blue line, all that type of stuff,
and then 18 to 36.
Where were you living?
Right here, Raleigh.
I love it down there.
I actually think it's a, because when I was hanging out with Willie,
we played the day before at Old Chatham, and then we did the sandbagger i was like this is good living down
here he's like it's awesome it is i mean there's it's not obviously florida but there's definitely
a lot of days every month where you can play golf what was it jersey you had on biz during
that match was it trashers yeah have you seen talk? AJ Galante gave it to me.
Oat milk?
Donnie Del Negro gave it to me.
Donnie Del Negro.
Oh, man.
Mike Rupp got a bag playing for that team, didn't he?
What do you mean?
Oh, yeah.
And for the Trashers.
Yeah.
I mean, you say a bag.
It wasn't what your signing bonus was with the one way,
but I think he made a decent amount of coin
while the NHL was shut down. For the Uhaul or whatever it was it was it was oh yeah it was fun
it sounded like a fun deal by the way when i was watching one of the episodes the other day and
you're talking about worst putter in the league and you went on a bubble go any league nhl hl ushl
you went through them all i was like this is right out of Bubba Gump right here.
ECHL, yeah, exactly.
It was impressive.
You went down the line.
I think you did it all the way until you stepped on the next tee box.
Yeah, I was listed in the third division in Sweden.
Actually, I want to go back to Anaheim.
I know people love the jersey today, but what were the guys saying about it back then?
Because it was basically like a Disney cartoon character on the crest of the jersey wild wing yeah without wild way i mean i don't think there
was any other team in the in the league wearing eggplant for a color at the time and i remember
that the crest of the jersey is almost a little bit padded it was it was different it was different
but uh i don't know bombay was a good coach he's a good coach
yeah the checks cleared right yeah oh yeah exactly well i was just gonna you you played
your last year overseas and what was that experience like did you figure hey let's go
uh play less games and enjoy it a little bit more make a little bit of money on the way out and get
to enjoy the breaks and go visit europe all right, exactly. I'll tell you what, it was an amazing experience. The year before my last
year in the league, I was in Minnesota. And I'll tell you what, if I knew that it was going to go
like it did in Minnesota, I would have given my left nard to be in Switzerland for two years.
Jacques Lemaire was not a big fan of Sean Hills at that
time. I remember I went in his office and asked if I could talk to him. He goes, yeah, come on in.
I walk in and he throws his legs up on the desk and, and puts his hands behind his head and he
says, so what is it you want to talk about Sean? And I said, well, you know, last year I was in
Long Island and played, you know, fair amount of minutes. And I said, you know, I played, you know, over 20 minutes.
I said, I'm not asking you for that, but if you can give me maybe two,
three more minutes a game, I think I could show a lot more.
You know, I was 38 years old or 37 years old and hardly getting a sweat.
I'm like, it's tough to get the wheels going, you know.
And he kind of rubbed his forehead and he goes, let me get this straight, Sean.
You want me to play you more and you play better? And I was like, well, I mean, and he goes let me get this straight sean you want me to play you
more and you play better and i was like well i mean and he's like nope that's not how it works
you play better i play you more and i was like okay this meeting's just about over and i tried
to package it up a little different way and throw it on the table and see what he did and
fucking nothing shut it down got
in the car phoned my wife i'm like this is gonna get shit here honey give me raw he's like you know
oh god god did i know yeah and i was just like yeah man but uh i'll tell you what if i could
have had two years in in switzerland instead of one year in the torture chamber it would have uh
it would have been a lot of fun man i loved it over there 52 games sleep in your own bed every night uh longest road trip was
probably three and a half hour bus ride uh friday saturday game every once while i throw a tuesday
at you and amazing food great guys um you know breaks like, like you said, you could go to, you go to Italy, Germany,
you know, France. I mean, it's just great, great experience for my kids. My kids went to
international school. Um, my oldest at the time, what was he? He would have been 11. My daughter
was, uh, she was like seven, I think.
They went to school with kids from kindergarten to grade 12,
like 50 different countries because of the embassies and stuff, you know.
So it was an amazing, amazing experience.
You were at the Islanders for one year.
How much of the circus was it there?
You had Millberry trading guys every other day,
the owner Charles Wong kind of a little off kilter sometimes.
What was that?
Yeah, like did it affect the guys in the room, the team,
or you just kind of tuned all that shit out?
Actually, Milbury was not the GM.
It was Garth Snow.
Oh, okay.
It was Garth Snow, and Ted Nolan was the coach,
and we actually had a pretty solid team,
made the playoffs first time in a while. You know, we had a pretty solid team.
Rick DiPietro was playing great, and that's then.
And, you know, we had some great characters on the team. Mike Sillinger was on that team. Great guy. Love him because he played for more teams than I did.
Yeah, he played everywhere.
Um, but, uh, it was, it was actually a good experience. When I, when I went there, I was like, all I knew was the area around the Coliseum.
And I was like, you know, I wasn't expecting much and got Long Island was, you know, a
lot like Minnesota.
That was amazingly beautiful and, uh, good people.
And we had a good time.
D Pietro, he still has six more years out, one and a half million a year biz on that
bio deal.
That's a freaking sweet deal he signed there.
That's a hell of an agent right there.
That's a long way from fucking doing what I'm doing, you know,
kind of got to put all the chips in one pile and then start spreading them out for the month.
And meanwhile, guys like you making big cream found a way to sit around in the locker room.
Oh, yeah, that's what you think happens?
That's it?
Well, I mean, you got to do other fancy stuff for it
or, you know, stuff on your...
You can come shadow me for a week.
I think you might want to hit more of that testosterone, though.
Make sure you get the good pre-mix in there.
Yeah, it's like Baxter when he ate the whole wheel of cheese.
I'm not mad.
I'm impressed.
I'm happy for you.
No, I'm just fucking ball-busting you, No, I'm just fucking ball busting you, man.
I'm just fucking with you. Buddy, we appreciate
you coming on and shooting the shit with us and
breaking it all down, man. Hell of a career.
Yeah, and
we appreciate you coming to share all the
stories. Good fun, guys. I appreciate it.
Look forward to watching more of you
guys. This interview is brought
to you by Chevy.
Chevrolet is a trusted company that has
been innovating for the last 100 years. Up to now, most electric vehicles have been either too
expensive, too small, and or too limited in capabilities for most people. But Chevrolet
is committed to making EVs available for all Americans. They have over 1,900 certified Chevy EV dealerships.
You hear that?
1,900 locations.
Because Chevy, EVs for everyone, everywhere.
Huge thanks to Sean Hillman.
I thought that was a hilarious interview.
We went like an hour and a half.
That guy had an unreal career.
Poor guy.
Imagine going from Anaheim then to Ottawa, but still won a Stanley Cup, had a great run,
so hopefully everybody enjoyed it.
Whit, I wanted to ask you about this Kenny Holland clip
that was making the rounds.
He made the trade call to Tyson Barry.
I wanted to ask, because you had a couple of those calls.
Is that standard operating procedure?
How are y'all calls like that?
Why don't we roll the clip so people have some context?
Hey, Tyson.
Hey, Kenny.
Yeah, I traded you to Nashville.
Okay.
So, I want to thank you for everything that you've done for us.
I hate these days.
I hate that you're a good man and you've been a big part of our team.
But we're getting Ekholm and you're going to Nashville and Ekholm's coming here
and they're getting a couple of first round picks.
Okay. So, thank you very much. Yeah, no problem. Obviously, but this morning, we wanted to see it through here, but I understand your guys' needs and I hope that
works out for you guys. So I appreciate everything. It's been a pleasure getting to work with you and
I wish you guys all the best. I appreciate it. Same with you. I wish you the very best and thank you for everything.
You've been a big part of our team. Thank you. On and off the ice,
you know, in the leadership role and on the ice. So thank you.
And I know that you just want to get the news and good luck.
Yeah. Thank you. Thanks Tyson.
Yeah. So I, I, when I first saw this tweet go out, I kind of saw responses like,
Oh, why do you have to, why do you have to drop that?
Why do you have to put it out there? And I didn't really understand why, because once I watched it, I thought it was
a mutual respect between both people. And I think Kenny Holland was very nice in what he told Tyson
Barry in terms of what he meant to the team off the ice, on the ice, how important he'd been on
the ice and how so many guys looked up to him as a veteran and a leader off the ice. And Tyson
Barry,
same thing. He kind of mentioned, you know, I wanted to be a part of this, but I understand it's a business. So, I mean, that's pretty standard in terms of like the call that comes
that most players don't want to get. I don't think Tyson Barry wanted to be traded. He sees what's
going on in Edmonton. He was a big part of that power play, the best power play in league history.
And so to see it go down that way, you kind of realize how much of a business it is.
It's just a quick phone call.
He hangs up and that's it.
You're on to kind of talking to the GM in Nashville.
You're talking to the trainers to get your gear over
and the Nashville guys need to know what you need.
So it just ends so quickly
that it is kind of hard to fathom
when you're in that situation.
I've been there.
My one with Ray Sherrill, I'll never forget.
I was in my mom's hospital room. She going through a lot going through a really tough surgery
got that call and and he was the man ray's a great person and was very kind of complimentary to me
while also saying you know what had to be done was done and and then also i had one with bob
murray the biggest asshole that maybe i ever dealt with in the nhl um who basically just hung up on
me i hated his guts.
So I think it can go. How to go.
Can you go through it one more time?
I traded you. I'm like, where? He's like, Edmonton.
I was like, fuck you. I didn't say that, but
that was it. Literally. He's like, I traded you.
I was like, where? Edmonton. See ya.
It was three seconds.
Come on. Yeah.
That guy is something else.
Nothing else? Every time I bring up how much of an asshole he is, I get text after text,
oh, wait, that guy sucks from players, staff members around the league.
Just a full-on bully this guy was.
So I think Kenny Holland did a good job,
and I think Tyson Barry was very professional in getting that phone call
and kind of laying out where he was coming from,
and I had no problem with it at all.
I think fans also are interested in the off-ice side of the business of hockey.
I love the fact that that clip got out,
especially because it was so positive for both guys.
And people are probably curious, like, how does it go down?
It'd be fun if we got your Bill Murray one, though.
Bill Murray.
Bill Murray's way cooler than Bob Murray.
Bob Murray. Bob Murray. Imagine you got Bill Murray to though Bill Murray's way cooler than Bob Murray Bob Murray
imagine he got Bill Murray
to do the call
I would pay large dollars
to hear the call between Bob Murray
and you
everyone calls Bob Murray Murph
I'd look you in the eye
and not even say hello in the morning
have you heard of
any other bad ones?
Any ones that were done in person where maybe there was like a violent altercation?
I don't think so.
I've never heard of one like that.
I'm thinking of one.
What was the one this year that the guy was so pissed off about?
It was Huberto on Zito, I heard.
I heard he told him.
He said, fuck you.
Yeah, maybe that's.
I thought I was thinking
of another one
listen that's
I read that on Twitter
so it might not be true
but for the sake
of the podcast
it's gotta be true
it's gotta be true
do you think you guys
could trade someone
do you think you have it
in you too
it's like firing someone
like do you think
you have it in you
oh I would trade you
in a fucking heartbeat
Grinnell
hey good job
these past couple years
you've been moved
to foreplay
you know that's
that's so fucked up
to hear Whit
I'd take a bullet for you and you moved to foreplay. You know, that's so fucked up to hear, Whit.
I'd take a bullet for you, and you know that.
And you just trade me like that.
Hey, it's a business.
Imagine I traded you for Cullinane.
It would have been very easy.
Fuck you, and I'd hang up.
Yeah, he'd give you the Huberto treatment.
You do remind me of a Zito, Whit.
Hey, you know what?
We got to give Zito a little bit of props. As you mentioned, everyone dogged his trading of Uyghur
and all that offense he gave up.
But yeah, me, me.
But he knew.
He knew Montour was this good.
He just needed the minutes.
So maybe I'm the asshole.
As that woman said, I look like an arrogant asshole.
So I understand.
Can you read that letter three more times to finish off the pod?
Hey, Mary.
Hey, Mary.
It wasn't trade talk, but when Jonesy, Keith Jones, was telling us when he was about to retire,
and Bobby Clark was like, well, Jonesy's done.
He started the press conference, Jonesy's done.
Fucking hilarious, man.
It's like Costanza and Seinfeld, and he's like, George is dead.
Or no, what's his name?
Who was the GM?
Steinbrenner, George is dead. Or no, what's his name? Who was the GM? Steinbrenner. George is dead. That call
too, you got a good sense of the type of guy
Tyson Barry was. I mean, it was only 35-40
seconds, but it was just like, you know, going from
a team with a playoff and
Stanley Cup aspirations to a team on the
outside right now. He's been great in Nashville too.
Yeah, he's been fucking great. Your heart breaks for the guy because he
was with Colorado and you knew they were
going to get their cup at some point.
And now you leave another team that's primed and ready to win another one.
Were you about to say you know Edmonton's going to win a cup too?
I think that I just said it earlier in the pod.
I think they're one of the best teams in the West for sure.
They look very strong.
I would put them as a top five team for sure.
And with those two guys, i also view it as i think
the i think every league wants their big stars to eventually win one and i'm not saying that that
that pours over into getting calls but i think that it might play a subconscious factor in them
getting calls going back to the crosby rule the other night where he had goaltender interference where 99.9 of the players are getting that call back where in his
case it's not.
I think it's happened in basketball.
Basketball, it's way more easy to control a game if you're official.
I just think that extra call here and that extra call there will help out in
the long run.
And I think that these two
players are poised for a run
where they're going to maybe
potentially get a little subconscious aid.
How's that for an answer?
Subconscious aid?
That's a fucking doozy
of a term. I've been working
for nine fucking days. I can't make up
words?
I don't think that matters on this show all that
much. Another note about McDavid,
he took the fourth fewest
games to reach 300 goals and
500 assists. He got it done in
563 games. The only guys
better, Gretzky, Lemieux,
and Peter Stastny. So, again,
every week, there's something new with this guy, and those
are the names he's putting himself
amongst, so we got to give him props.
Also, dude, his brother, Cam McDavid, we met him in St. Louis a couple years ago.
Great guy.
His dad, Brian, as well.
He did an interview.
In fact, I was shocked.
People act like they've never seen the guy before.
Cam, I mean, Conor's been in the league for eight years, and people are flabbergasted at how much he looked like his brother.
Were you kind of taken aback?
I mean, where would they have seen him?
I mean, Edmonton obviously probably has. But, yeah, I don't know. I guess for a guy who's been in the league eight years, I was kind of taken a back row. I mean, where would they have seen him? I mean, Edmonton obviously probably has.
But, yeah, I don't know.
I guess for a guy who's been in the league eight years,
I was kind of surprised at how many people.
If you haven't seen him, they're identical twins without being twins.
When we met him in the box that time at the All-Star game,
I was kind of taken aback right away.
Same voice, too.
But, yeah, that was a good interview with my boy Gene, the master of puns.
You know who he's named after, too, right?
Cam Wham Bam Neely.
Yeah.
Good stuff.
Yeah, the old man used to be a Bees fan back in the day now.
Obviously, an Oilers fan.
Tough break, man.
Derek Brassad, just a horrible injury the other day.
Kind of bumped the goalie.
His skate got caught.
He fell backwards.
You know it was ugly.
He ended up getting surgery for a broken fibula. He went to camp on a PTO. Signed the one year for the goalie. His skate got caught. He fell backwards. You knew it was ugly. He ended up getting surgery for a broken fibula. He went
to camp on a PTO. Signed
the one year for the veteran minimum.
13 goals was his most since
2017-18
season. He was in 62 games this year.
Basically his best season in a long time.
Big part of the team leadership and he was having a healthy
season. I mean, your heart goes out to
this guy to get back in the game.
35 years old. I don't know. If you're at that stage, Biz, if you get hurt to this guy to get back in the game, 35 years old.
I don't know.
If you're at that stage, Biz, if you get hurt,
should we expect them back in the league to battle back?
Because guys like to go on their own terms.
You know what I mean?
Yeah.
And I believe earlier this year he celebrated his 1,000th game.
And the players presented him with the Rolex. It was a very emotional day for a man because I think at a certain point,
as you mentioned, things did tail off where he probably didn't think he was
going to get to reach that milestone.
R.A., I mean, with
the resiliency he's had so
far in his career, I would say that I
would imagine that he's going to
try to make a comeback and get back to the
National Hockey League, but at that
age, when you suffer an injury like that, and as
nasty as it was, you just never
know. that's
yeah it's it's gruesome stuff and a shitty way to end a very positive year for him what's what's
wild too is uh that's how the rangers got to benajad who's turned into a stud it was for
derek broussard so an amazing trade by the rangers then yeah that was like joe joe theismann level
win i don't know if you saw the play at all i I did. I did watch it once. I can't even look at that stuff.
I don't even look.
Yeah, when I was a kid, I loved like morbid shit.
Now I can't watch any of that stuff.
Yeah, and one other note here.
Chicago Blackhawk, Jonathan Taves, he made his return Saturday versus New Jersey.
First game since January 28th.
Had an assist in 11, I'm sorry, 14 minutes of ice time.
I don't know if you saw his quotes.
He basically sounds like this is definitely the last run with Chicago. Don't know if it's
going to be more than that. And his coach
Luke Richardson, they asked him about
Taves coming back and he said, quote,
he's like, well, it's not going to be perfect. It might be ugly.
And Richardson said, well, we're
a little bit ugly right now, so you'll fit right in, which is kind
of a funny quote. So, I don't know. This guy's
such a legend of the game, Taves. He's going to be in the
Hall of Fame someday. Does it
feel to you that he's kind of doing that one last lap,
looking around and sort of soaking everything in right now?
Yeah, maybe a little bit.
And once again, I got to go back to me quickly saying he wasn't going to be in the Hall of Fame.
I backtracked on it in.3 seconds, but just an all-time dumb statement by me.
That's a Hall of Famer.
No ifs, ands, ors, or buts.
I think that's the statement.
He also gave an interview prior to coming back.
It was a little emotional.
I think he kind of talked about how hard it's been,
how awful he felt in terms of it's just difficult even to get out of bed.
It's been this way for a long time for him with the COVID and the long COVID
and how many things he's battled through.
You talk about Broussard, maybe this is the end for him,
and you talk about Taves, and it just goes to show, like, no one gets to go out.
Rarely ever do you get to go out after Ray Bourque the way you want to,
after the dream scenario of winning the Stanley Cup
or having an amazing season and retiring.
It just doesn't happen.
And so to see a guy like this who's an all-time great,
one of the best Blackhawks to ever wear that sweater kind of end like this,
it is difficult.
But he had a beautiful assist
that game, so I was happy for him. Well said,
Whit. I mean, like we said, the guy's going to the Hall of Fame
and yeah, I'd be surprised if he'd come back.
And this is like the long COVID.
He's got like some autoimmune thing as well that's
real mysterious. The doctors aren't able
to figure it out, so obviously we wish
him the best of health. One last note
here before we go to our second interview. The
Rangers extended Philippe Hito four years, 17.75 million.
Average annual value about 4.4 million.
What a deal.
Yeah, it's good.
What a deal.
I mean, this guy's having a career season.
Last year in the playoffs, he had seven goals in 20 games.
And to have him locked up for a few years at that number,
I mean, I don't think any Ranger fan would be surprised
if he hits the 30-goal mark
next year. And if you're able to kind of
continue to keep this core together by guys
like that taking a little bit less, I'm not
saying he could have got a ton more, but
you now have this guy who's a goal
scorer locked in at that price. That's a great
deal for Chris Drury. And because
of all that other high talent around
the team, I feel like it's given
those younger guys, the kid line, some opportunity to develop
where there's a little less heat on them.
Sometimes these young guys come in
and the expectations are so high
just because they're a first, second overall draft pick.
I don't think Hedo was,
I think he was more middle first round, right?
But either way, these guys are contributing
and they're going to be a big piece
if they want to make a run for the cup.
They were huge last year when they needed them.
Specifically this year when the two top lines are getting neutralized,
when you can provide that secondary offense.
And I know we're talking about heel here,
but did you see Lafreniere's goal the other day?
Between the legs one?
Between the legs.
They're starting to fucking bring their own, man.
So a very good deal for the New Yorkork rangers yeah biz he went uh let's see uh 21st overall back in
2017 so uh biz you sat down with a couple of the players in the nypd fdny game that we're
going to be broadcasting uh so you think we should head over to that now or what yeah man these guys
hate each other the interview got a little awkward and chippy.
These guys are not going to be playing tummy sticks out there,
although they are buddies off the ice.
I'm looking forward to it, and I think we should send it over.
Before we go any further, here's a word from our friends at Muggsy Jeans.
The most comfortable jeans, chinos, and joggers ever made.
Perfect for guys with thick thighs and big behinds.
The stretch, softness, and flexibility
are life-changing. It's also perfect for hockey players. You know those hockey players. They got
big thighs, big butts, whatever. These pants are perfect for them. You got to get some Muggsy G's
if you are playing hockey. Also, they are the proud official apparel sponsor of the FDNY and
New York Police Department Hockey Heroes game coming up April 15th on Long Island. Made from
buttery, soft, patented stretch materials that look stylish but are insanely comfortable.
Hands down the greatest jeans, chinos, and joggers ever made.
And they're 10 off now using the code CHICKLETS at Muggsy.com.
That's 10 off absolutely ridiculous comfort that will cause you to never ever wear anything else again and oh yeah they're
fully backed by a 100 comfort guarantee meaning every single order gets the free shipping and
free returns if they don't fit or whatever try out a pair risk-free today and see why over 16,000
guys have changed their lives with Muggsy use the code chicklets at Muggsy.com for 10 off
chicklets fans it's been a while since I did a solo interview but it was a must Use the code CHICKLETS at Muggsy.com for 10 off.
Chicklets fans, it's been a while since I did a solo interview,
but it was a must considering I'm in NYC,
and we're about, what, 10 days out from the big game.
And it's probably one of the biggest things Spittin' Chicklets has ever done in the history of the pod,
and we want to welcome in two guys that will be a member of the FDNY-NYPD hockey game going on April 15th at UBS Arena on Long Island.
And I can't wait to get the background story, but let's welcome in our guests first.
Ryan Dermody.
Yes, sir.
I nailed that one.
You got it.
You got it good.
And Johnny Perretta.
Yeah, baby.
Now, Ryan plays for the NYPD, which is, or what do you guys say, the finest?
Finest, yes.
New York's finest.
That's right.
And Johnny over here plays for the FDNY.
So I guess, first of all, thanks for coming on the show, guys.
So I guess I'll start with you, Ryan.
So how did you even become a police officer?
Just went to college and needed a job and took the police test and here we are that's it man and
how long have you been on the squad 12 12 years okay so you've been there a while and this is the
49th year that this thing is going on and johnny how many years have you been involved uh around
three years three years so you're a newbie yeah newbie but the reason we got you two guys is uh
on the 20th anniversary of 9-11,
you guys ended up having one of the most iconic scraps in the game.
What brought that up, and how is the animosity right now as we sit here?
Well, it kind of took a shot at me at the end of the game,
and we had to settle it.
Yeah, I think it was very kind of organic.
We were going at it throughout the game, you know, we had to, like, settle it, you know? Yeah, I think it was very, you know, kind of organic. We were going at it throughout the game.
And, yeah, we got tangled up in the last few seconds of the game.
And, you know, we handled our business.
So since being involved in this game, has every year been chippy?
I mean, you said you're a three-year veteran of this game.
Were you prepped on what to expect coming this?
And why does it have so much violence associated to it?
I think it just
comes along with the pride that each of us have with our jobs uh so we have a tremendous amount
of respect for each other off the ice but once the uh what's the puck drops there's there's no
friendships and there's no love lost and you guys are the young stallions on the fdny and you guys
are unbeaten in the last five games now yeah yeah so we're looking to uh
continue the streak so in the next coming weeks so we're excited for it what's going on here why
what's with the losing streak here uh i mean they're very arrogant over there it's kind of like
here we go now we're cooking well i mean let's call it what it is i mean these guys work six
days a month and we're over here doing details and protests,
and they're going food shopping at the Pathmark down the block.
Come on.
I would say that's a huge advantage because most times you guys are at the hall.
You guys are cooking healthy meals for each other.
You're, in some cases, getting pretty good sleep, and then you are getting the time off.
Or these cops, they do have a tougher schedule.
Yeah, I'm not really sure there's any truth to that uh i think a lot of the a lot of the guys on the cop team took the fd test
didn't really go so well for them so that's uh that's why they're stuck being cops okay all
right now the fun game so what do you think about that ryan i didn't take the fd test i don't want
to be a firefighter and the guys that ended up going to them they they couldn't handle being a
cop so there's actually a height requirement that's why i was right into some trouble for dermo
it's crazy because given all the hatred and animosity you wouldn't expect that this game
would would donate so much money to charity now which charities are you guys backing and how much
money have you guys raised in this 49 years uh like i know we do like the the widows and children's fund um i think they do
the the ray fowl ray pfeiffer fund um i know there's other ones involved i don't know as far
as you know which ones they are but i mean it's a lot of money like you said that goes to this
stuff i mean that at the end of the day like we may not like each other i mean that's fine but
like it's for a good cause you know and obviously doing this is for the greater good.
And you're with the Pfeiffer Fund?
Yeah.
What's your connection to that?
Yeah, I was recently appointed as a board member on the Ray Pfeiffer Foundation.
And it's a fundraising charity that we go hand in hand with, the hockey team.
So it's all first responders who have been affected by like World Trade Center related illnesses.
So whatever they may need in their time of crisis, you know, when they're sick,
whether it be, you know, wheelchair ramps, homemade, stuff like that.
So the hockey team works closely with them.
And we work closely with a lot of families that suffered a tragedy.
So we have a bunch of them in the locker room pregame
and present the families with checks,
and I think it just goes to show the game's bigger
than each one individually of us, and that's why we play.
That's amazing.
So you've been involved for 12 years here.
What are you guys doing differently as far as training
in order to prepare this year,
considering you guys have been on this massive swing?
Just the same, sticking with the same systems
and just working hard and just trying to,
at some point, it might not work the last few years,
but their run's going to end very soon.
Do you get nervous playing in front of that many people?
No.
Not at all, eh?
What about you?
You're only three years into that.
Yeah, only three years.
The first game was pretty nerve-wracking, and even last year I did a little bit better with it.
But we're all in the same boat here, so the guys in our locker room are great guys.
We're all fighting for the same goal.
So I think it's nice to go through it with the boys.
I was pretty shocked when I went to the game last year
at how much skill there was in this game.
A lot of greasy, a lot of off-the-glass-and-out type guys as well.
But there is some skill.
There's going to be a lot of new viewers for this game this year
because we have the broadcast.
Who are some people that the fans should look out for?
Yeah, so talking about some of the FD guys,
like Matt Zay played at Mercyhurst.
He's a great hockey player.
Vinny Lopes, you know, and then some older guys,
our captain Hans Becker, Jim Becker, another great player.
We got a ton of skill guys.
And then we have some new guys coming up this year
so it should be very exciting for them one of the players you mentioned is best friends who played
at mercyhurst with dan oh don't haunt you geez i'm always fucking it up it's like a made-up name
i actually play with him with the port and pirates when he played a little bit in pro
uh so what's it like having guys on the other team that are buddies here
oh i mean like
you said like you know once the puck drops it's a different story we're not friends you know we're
we're trying to win a game and you know there's 18 000 people you know so i mean i i don't have
any friends on that side during that game yeah you seem pretty hardcore man like yeah like this
interview started and you kind of flipped the switch yeah i mean you know i just you come on betty the cameras are rolling baby no i just uh you know we
we want to win we haven't won the last few years and like you know it means a lot to us you know
our family's there and you know it's it's just it's a you know it's a grind you know we're doing
this for you started in september you know we're practicing twice a week we're playing games every
week you know like and then we still got a full-time job well you guys don't play as much as as the firemen because you
guys are playing an 82 game schedule I heard it seems like it seems like it we work a lot more
than they do so it kind of like well you've already explained that but I mean it seems like
they're just training harder and preparing more for this game so maybe I mean maybe it comes down
to personal accountability on their side where they seem to be coming up with a lot of excuses yes and maybe that's the reason they haven't won
the last five matches that's what it seems like i mean you ask them about the the you know training
regiment they're on they're kind of doing the same old things we're playing a you know play
pretty rigorous schedule and the boys are getting ready for it so we look to continue with our
winning ways who are you playing in an 82-game schedule?
You guys do some travel as well.
Yeah, do a bunch of travel.
So there's like, I guess, a senior A-league out west.
So we've went to Colorado a few times this year,
Reno, Nevada, and we just got back from California
a few weeks ago.
So pretty rigorous schedule,
and we're excited to get the ball rolling.
When you say rigorous, when you're on the road on these trips by the last game,
are you guys going out as a team and getting banged up?
Yeah, of course.
I think that life's about the balance, right?
So we're working hard on the ice, so we're going to have some fun off the ice.
And really, it's all about the team bonding, Biz.
I'm sure you know.
Well, even Grinnelli was saying, we went to practice with New York's finest today,
and he said, doesn't this make you miss being part of a team?
I said, absolutely.
Just the banter in the locker room.
So is that what's most important to you guys,
just keeping that camaraderie maybe that you once had?
Yeah, absolutely.
Do you guys do like a rookie party or anything for the new guys?
Yeah.
Yeah, it's pretty entertaining what we have.
What'd you do this year?
I mean, I don't know if we could talk about it.
Just, you know, take them to the restaurant.
How tough is it to make the team for the new guys?
When are tryouts?
How many guys are trying out?
I know you guys have healthy scratches and stuff,
but what is the process?
Yeah, is it a seniority thing?
Because I saw a few of the vets with beer bellies out there.
Maybe if you got some young guys on the squad,
maybe you could keep up with these firemen that are training for triathlons and Ironmans.
I mean, the triaths are in September.
I mean, we get like 50, 60 people to try out every year.
It's kind of like a participation medal thing.
You show up and you can walk right into the first line, center, roll, whatever you want.
Wow. Wow.
Okay.
He's not having it over here.
I mean, you're a little tense over here.
Are you going to respond to that or no?
I mean, I'm going to waste my time with him right now.
I'll deal with it on the ice.
Well, listen, so I watched that fight back from the 20th anniversary of 9-11,
and I would say you did well early on,
and you guys were chucking bombs.
But Perretta ended up coming up on top.
All right, well, I guess round two is going to be in two weeks.
I would feel bad asking,
is this something that could maybe happen off the opening face-off?
Like, I don't want to initiate a fight here.
I don't want to premeditate anything where it comes a little unorganic.
But is that something that could happen? Or you don't maybe seem like the type of guy who would get the start.
I probably won't start. But you didn't
start either when you played. I did not.
I did not, but you know what? My father was
a volunteer fireman for 30 years, so
my heart right now is
leaning towards the FDNY.
It's not because I don't respect you guys.
It's just more of like my father did it.
Mind you, he was a volunteer
and he just showed up every Wednesday
to booze at the hall
and he didn't really do much firefighting.
But nonetheless, he had the gear in the back.
Okay.
All right.
I mean, it's cool.
I mean, you kind of lean in that way anyway,
so it made sense.
Yeah, but it's all good, Biz.
I think we're just,
we're the more relatable team. I mean, we bunch of you know good guys hard workers you know we we
want to fight for each other and we like to get after it off the ice also yeah no it does sound
like a great group brian what do you have to say about that yeah i mean that's fine they could be
the heroes it's all cool i mean you know whatever they'll be disappointed in two weeks so you're
you're definitely feeling like at these games do you guys feel a little bit underappreciated or is it a 50 50 crowd mix where does it lean in because
most games in the past have been at msg correct yeah where this year it's going to be on long
island so as someone who was in the crowd last year it did seem and online as well it does seem
as more people were pulling for the fd and why do you guys embraced the villain role yeah I mean if it was up to me you could
put 18,000 FD fans
in there I'd rather have that
you know wow
you like walking
into enemy territory absolutely
yes so
another reason maybe for
this non or this losing
streak slash would you guys tie one game
you've lost four of the last five, one in a tie
because they booted you guys off the ice
because they had a basketball game to play.
Yeah, I know.
Eight hours later.
You guys should have solved that in a Rochambeau match
or something like that.
Flip cup or something.
But do you feel like it's because every time you're going into
wherever you're going into, you're playing an away game?
Yeah, I mean, like you said, we're not really appreciated, which is fine.
I mean, it's just kind of the climate we're in right now.
So everyone likes the fire department.
So it's all good.
Yeah, I mean, we're a likable group, so that makes sense.
All right, well, I'm done stirring the pot here.
There's probably a few more things about charity that I got to mention.
I had one question.
It's like I'd love to hear what do you guys each do like what like what there's so many different positions in the nypd there's
so many different i don't even know if there's so many different positions in the fire department
but like what do you guys do for your job what's your day-to-day routine like so dermo's a meter
made a meter made yeah this guy's rescues cats in parks.
Some folks might be like, what the hell is going on?
This is a charity game.
This is the type of shit that you're going to hear on the ice, folks.
There are zero times. You better start making some guys up because they'll be entertaining.
I do auto crime.
So I deal with like stolen cars.
Anytime there's a stolen car, we get a report.
We kind of investigate it.
We'll see where it goes from that.
It's like a plain clothes and non-uniform and uh you know it's basically is it tough to manage the hockey
schedule with that schedule no i'm good with it like uh i have enough time on where like i my you
know my unit's pretty flexible with that kind of stuff which is great um you know some of the new
guys you just it is what it is they can't just do mutuals like the guy over there you know what's mutuals mean oh they i don't know they like work once a week and then they work twice
a week the next i don't know they're on sabbatical yeah they're wearing like the breastfeeding boots
at the hall to feed the other guys how so yeah what's your schedule like and what do you do
specifically are you the guy in the back of the truck that helps with the ladder? There's a lot of cool things you could do as a fireman.
Yeah, a lot of great things.
It's a great job.
We're all very lucky to be on it.
So I'm a firefighter.
There's a few lieutenants on the team as well.
That's the next promotion.
So there's some lieutenants on the team.
In terms of the positions, you kind of referenced, it's different every tour you work.
So we work 24-hour shifts mainly.
So some days you could be on the roof.
Some days you're on the force of bludgery team.
It kind of varies in that aspect.
So you could at any point do whatever job there is there other than be lieutenant, of course.
But that's something you're striving for personally?
I'd say it would be nice to maybe get promoted one day.
But right now I'm enjoying where I am.
I'm in edge of know, edge of 280,
ladder 132 at Crowd Heights, Brooklyn.
So, you know, that's going great.
And I'm just going to enjoy where I'm at right now.
Do they make you do like a calendar?
Like all the guys in the place to sell to the ladies
and make a little meal money?
No calendars for us, no.
That's just like kind of a myth
that they talk about in the movies?
No, that is done on the fire department, but not by us, that's for sure. If there just kind of a myth that they talk about in the movies. No, that is done
on the fire department,
but not by us.
That's for sure.
If there was one guy
on the team you'd deem
as the guy to do the calendar,
who would it be?
Oh, that's a tough one.
Probably Matt Zay.
He's always the guy
after the game
in the mirror
a little too long.
Yeah, he's kind of like
the superstar on the team,
I guess.
He's got...
Shaves his chest.
Yeah, he's got the balloon head going on.
He's doing the spray tans like a wit.
Yeah, he really runs with it.
Has a good gram too.
Yeah.
Yeah, he's got the gram going a little bit.
He's on and off.
Who's the prima donna on New York's finest where you're maybe a little concerned about him in that realm?
Like a little too into himself with the with the looks and then you know
what i'm a team guy so i'm not going to sit here and throw my guys like hiro johnny over there but
you know yeah i i can't answer that i like it ryan's starting to warm up you're starting to
warm up buddy we were joking around about like maybe some stuff that you would do to like rookies like on the force or whatever.
Like is there any silly stuff or is there any like pranking going on?
Like maybe Marc-Andre Fleury would do in a hockey locker room.
Yeah.
I mean, we do like funny shit.
Like, well, you know, like, I don't know, throw tape and guys, but like stupid shit, you know, but nothing like where guys are like getting upset over it.
You know, I mean, like plowing their you know, but nothing like where guys are like getting upset over it, you know.
Like plowing their old ladies.
Yeah, not that I know of.
No, there was just that story that broke with the, you know,
I'm sure you guys have heard about it.
The one girl was married to the guy on force, and then the whole force was just plowing the old ladies.
Yeah, no, that's a Minnesota problem or wherever it is, Memphis,
wherever that happened. Yeah, not here. Okay, well, that's good. That's Wherever it is, Memphis, wherever that happened.
Yeah, not here.
Okay, well, that's good.
That's good for team camaraderie at least.
No plowing wives.
G, is there anything else you wanted me to mention specifically here?
No, just watch the documentary.
It comes out April 5th at 6 p.m. Eastern time.
The game, 5 p.m. April 15th.
We're super excited.
Thank you guys for, one, stopping
by the show, and thank you guys for
letting us broadcast this game. We want to put your
game on a big platform, and I think we're going to do that.
A couple things here, too. Wayne
Gretzky said that he wants to come on first intermission,
and thank you guys personally for
everything that you guys do
for the state of New York.
And then what was the second thing I was going to mention? Oh,
predictions. What are you feeling for this game?
The score, how do you think it's going to go?
Maybe bring us through the wave of emotions of the game quickly.
I mean, I think we're going to have a couple fights probably at some point.
You know, I mean.
Couple L's.
Couple L's.
I mean, we're talking Frank.
So, I mean, Derek Hearn, one of their all-star players,
gets challenged by Jimmy Hall every game.
Oh, no.
Oh, yes.
Jimmy Hall's only 5'6", too.
And he brings it.
And Derek Kern gets off the ice, and he goes and cries in the corner every year.
But does he actually provide offense because he stays on the ice
and doesn't engage with the lead head?
Yeah, so he doesn't engage with the lead head?
Yeah, so he doesn't like to bring this part up,
but we have a lot of guys, a lot of skill guys.
It doesn't really benefit us a lot to fight.
We're the better team on paper, I'd say.
I think everyone could agree with that.
And we kind of just have to keep our nose clean
and put some pucks in the back of the net
that we're worried about the extracurricular activities.
Yeah, so you take care of business on the score sheet and then towards the end of the game much like
on the 20th anniversary that's when you take care of the exactly nice you know in a perfect world
we would like to get the lead and then we'll start pumping guys eyes shut wow uh score prediction
uh for fdny it's gonna be uh it's gonna be a tough one, but I've got to go with the FDNY, obviously.
We're going to cover the puck line.
Minus one and a half.
So what, like a 4-2?
I'm going to go 5-3.
5-3.
Ryan, what do you got?
You guys like to muck it up, so it's got to be low scoring on your side.
I'd say 4-2, York, you know, please.
Okay.
Well, there you have it, folks.
April 15th.
G, anything else we have to mention before we sign off?
No, April 5th is the dock.
April 15th is the game.
Everyone tune in.
Shout out Chevy.
Shout out everyone else who sponsored.
Guys, before we go any further,
I'd like to talk to you guys about our friends at Dunkin'.
It's hard to decide what
the best part of a Dunkin' run is. Is it the coffee? Or is it the 1 donut? Or the 2 stuffed
bagel minis? Or the 3 sausage, egg, and cheese that you can add to that coffee? Or just the
simple fact that you got to leave the office? The answer, of course, is all of the above and yes. With the
NHL playoffs approaching, I'm constantly on the go and drinking coffee. Between tea and tea,
spit and chiclets, the yotes, my hiking, the workload doesn't stop. But being able to get
some Dunkin' makes it all worth it. It's not just the coffee, too. The mini bagels, the donuts,
and the classic sausage, egg, and cheese keeps me
fueled up and ready to go. And we know the boys can be pretty picky with their coffee. Luckily,
Dunkin' has so many different variations. Everyone can get their coffee exactly how they like it.
Time for a Dunkin' run. They have great deals on food for one1, 2, or 3 with medium or large coffee.
America runs on Dunkin'.
And it's a 3 offer available on sausage, egg, and cheese sandwich only.
Excludes specialty, donuts, and fancies.
Offer valid on medium or large coffee.
Price and participation may vary.
Limited time offer.
Terms apply.
Folks, I've said it once.
I'll say it again.
America runs on Duncan.
Great job with those guys, Biz.
I cannot wait for that game April 15th.
It's going to be a riot that night.
John Perretta, Ryan Germany, thanks so much for doing the interview with Biz.
Can't wait to see you guys knock the shit out of each other in Long Island.
Coming soon.
Biz, a couple mistakes last week.
I think the group effort.
We have conversations
that pop up spur of the moment just want to tell the fans darcy kempa was traded to the abs he did
not sign there that was one and seattle selected jared mccann from toronto not pittsburgh what
happened i knew he was in toronto the pen never played right no did he ever play for him no uh
the pens traded him to the leafs four days before the expansion draft, so he never suited up as a Leaf.
That's why I was confused on that one.
It was to protect Kerfoot because if they didn't grab him,
they thought that they were going to snag Kerfoot.
So when they got him, he became the guy that was vulnerable.
And fuck, whoopsie-daisy, nothing against Kerfoot,
but McCann's having a year, buddy.
He's having a year.
Unreal. And the Mario statue we were talking year, buddy. He's having a year. Unreal.
And the Mario statue we were talking about, he was not splitting two North Stars.
Like I said, it was two Islanders, Rich Pilon and Jeff Norton from a 1988 game.
But if you watch the clip from the North Stars, I think it was game two of the 91 Cup,
Sean Chambers and Neil Wilkinson.
It's almost a carbon copy.
And then Conor Bedard had a goal pretty much the same way this week.
So Conor Bedard, I guess Regina is big-time underdogs against Saskatoon.
They're up 2-0.
The first game he had a goal and two assists,
and I think the second game he had three goals and two assists.
So we keep talking about him.
I can't wait until the draft lottery night.
Somebody's entire organization is going to change forever.
But, I mean, now they've got a 2-0 series lead.
And, I mean, I don't think anyone expected anything out of his Regina Pats team.
So it's kind of amazing to see that this kid continues to light it up
at a record-setting pace.
So that lottery night, people's fortunes will change forever.
Yeah, I can't wait until he gets in the league.
Unreal League's already awesome.
It's going to get even better with him.
Warning, this product contains nicotine.
Nicotine is an addictive chemical.
This segment of Spittin' Chicklets is presented by the one and only nicotine pouch
that's helped millions achieve lasting change, Zinn Nicotine Pouches.
What makes Zinn so special?
Well, it's made with only six simple ingredients
and offers up to one hour of nicotine satisfaction.
It's available in 10 flavored and unflavored varieties in two strengths.
Plus, Zinn is the only nicotine pouch that offers a risk-free trial and a robust reward program.
So whether you've tried making a change before or are just getting started,
Zinn's got something to make change feel a little bit easier.
If you're a smoker
or dipper looking to make a change, you know there are a lot of options out there when it comes to
nicotine satisfaction. But there's only one Zinn. Find your Zinn online or at a store near you at
zinn.com forward slash find. That's z-y-n dot com slash find. Ah, this clip that went viral the other day during the Dodgers game,
this fucking idiot runs out into the field,
and instead of doing the zigzag thing and getting a chase off the security guy,
he stops in center field and kneels down, and he's doing a proposal.
It's like, fucking shit me, dude.
Security guy bundles him, hits him like a fucking hit stick tackle,
and people online were like, oh, he was an assault.
That was excessive, blah, blah, blah.
It's like, dude, they don't know what the fuck someone's doing.
And I would say it's more suspicious when you stop and pull something out of your pocket
than if you just keep running.
The security guy doesn't know what the fuck the guy's going to do.
It's not like people propose in center field or in the middle of games without permission.
The guy bundled them.
He ended up getting, I guess you said yes, but he's going to get arrested or at least
charged with trespassing.
But what was your take on it?
Did the guy hit him too hard or did he have it coming?
Honestly, the ring's got to be so shit.
If you're getting engaged at a sporting event, you're buying a shit ring.
Oh, yeah.
Fugazi.
Because you're trash.
Oh, yeah.
And I did see some people saying that's assault.
It's like, dude, if you run on the field or on the ice like you're getting crushed by either
a ref or a player that's how it goes nobody has any clue what you're doing or what you're capable
of doing so you could have just gotten on your knee on top of the cracker jacks in the bleachers
and proposed to your girlfriend you run onto the field you take the risk of getting truck stick by
a security guard and not to mention said it best like that guy could have reached in his waist and pulled out a gun right you have no clue what's going on that was the smartest comment
in the group group chat and you and do it at your own risk because 50 of security guards are just
guys who have roid rage who are just waiting for something like that you could you could
accidentally bypass the girl where you got to put the 5 cover in the jar,
and next thing you know, you're in an arm bar or you're getting choked out.
And those guys are just waiting for that opportunity.
In a situation like that, no, you're fair game.
They're waiting to tackle you.
They're waiting to do something and get out their roid rage.
So I would advise not to go on the field in any manner,
even if you're going to go run and try to juke the guys.
Yeah, comments like, oh, he could have tapped on his shoulder
and just escorted him out.
It's like, what fucking planet do you live on?
It's like, that's not how the fucking world works, you know?
Whoever said that has to be like 16 years old.
There's just any adult to think that a security guard is going to be like,
excuse me, sir, can you follow me to the jail?
No.
Yeah.
You're getting truck-sticked.
Yeah, he saw the ring.
He knew what was going on,
as if that's a fucking common way to promote.
Yeah, he probably bundled them
because he saw how shitty the ring was.
He went to fucking Jared's.
Whitdog, big weekend for you.
The Masters are coming up.
A lot of different menus over the years we saw.
If you won the Masters,
what would you serve next year if you got dinner, Whitdog?
I love starting a meal off with some sushi. I'm a big sushi guy. That'd be a
nice little beginner. I mean, also the options for salads. I mean, maybe even do a buffet. I know
Keith Yandel says if you eat a buffet, you're an absolute piece of shit, but sometimes I disagree.
So like sushi and salad to begin. And then I'm a big steak guy. I like New York strips.
I like ribeyes, but basically give the guys their option for a nice steak.
I'm a mashed potatoes guy.
Maybe even throw like a little pasta in there.
I mean you can make up whatever you want.
It's a little angel here on the side with some broccolini that's crispy.
I think you've hit your limit.
I don't think so.
It's Augusta National, bud.
The limit never comes.
You could have 16 main courses.
You could have 16 main courses.
When's the lobster coming?
There's two things you got no limit.
Augusta National and your last meal on death row.
Explain how you get to choose what you want to eat.
You fucking murdered someone.
You got a sentence coming for death for murdering someone,
and they give you the option to have whatever you want to eat.
Fuck that.
You murder someone and get on death row,
they should give you the worst food imaginable
the night before you get killed.
My assumption is that's not the case,
and that doesn't even happen in today's society on murder.
All right.
Is that still going on, all right?
That's an urban legend at this point, correct?
The marathon bomber gets fucking internet and everything.
I think they hooked those people up for some godforsaken reason.
I'm not sure if that's urban myth biz or what.
You're the jail guy, all right?
Come on.
I know, but there's no, I mean, who still has the death penalty?
Texas and a couple other fucking like southern states.
Oh, is that pretty much gone everywhere?
I thought a lot of states still had death penalty.
I mean, there are a handful, but yeah, I'm not sure on that.
Actually, you know, we used to have it in Massachusetts.
Well, you just said who has death penalty still.
I know, but there were way more states that don't have it.
But Massachusetts did actually.
We're right across the street where Bunker Hill Community College is.
You know the bridge that they call it, the Prison Point Bridge?
Yes.
That's because Charlestown State Prison used to be right there,
and they used to execute prisoners there back in the day,
and the whole town's lights would dim when they were fucking burning burning like the green mile yeah a little bit like that
so so biz i would finish it off with my favorite dessert in the world is um morton's godiva warm
chocolate cake with vanilla ice cream and for anyone who a lot of restaurants have that and
they always tell you um you have to order it when you order your meal.
I don't know if people know what I'm talking about, but restaurants that have the hot molten lava chocolate cake with vanilla ice cream, they'll tell you you have to order it.
It's a scam.
They do that because they want you to order it before you're full from your dinner.
Oh, wow.
Genius.
It doesn't take them 15 to 20 minutes.
They just know that they might sell a few extras if you order it before you're all stuffed from your steak and baked potatoes so that's just something but that's
my favorite dessert i probably finish it off with that and maybe the option for a warm while also
somewhat crispy chocolate chip cookie with vanilla ice cream so there's my master you are chirping me
about beating the pot last podcast holy shit august it going to be a 16-hole course after your meal.
Fuck.
The course just bought a road and put the tee on 13 back, like 40 yards.
I think they bought land from the country club that is touching them,
or they share land, and then they bought the road from the town
and then still somehow made the tee longer.
This is the best week of the year for me.
Getting away from the NHL playoffs,
nothing gets me going like the Masters.
So, so many storylines going in.
Obviously, number one is these live guys,
including that asshole Brooks Koepka, complete donkey.
Once again, I'll remind you, so many caddies I know
have just heard horrific stories about him,
just an absolute clown.
But he's one of the guys on live that'll be there
along with the other former Masters
champions like DJ, Patrick Reed,
another scumbag. So I think that
having the first time this
year with Live and PGA Tour players
together, it'll be all four majors
that that's the case. That kind of makes it
the one time or the four times all year
that the best players in the world are together.
That along with Rory McIlroy
trying to get the Grand Slam.
And for every year that it goes by,
it becomes harder and harder for Rory
to get that Masters green jacket.
You know, the pressure gets higher and higher
as you get older and older.
But he was in crazy form a couple months ago.
Let's see what he has.
I like Jason Day.
Everyone's kind of thinking Jason Day and Justin Rose.
They're going to be my two top 20 bets.
They both play very well there, and they're both playing very well right now. Justin Rose. They're going to be my two top 20 bets. They both play
very well there and they're both playing very well right now. Justin Rose won at Pebble Beach
this year. So those guys have had success at Augusta before. Dude, right now it looks like
rain Friday, man. That's the day I'm going. And last time I went in 2016, we had tickets to
Wednesday and Thursday. Wednesday got rained out. So I mean, I'm going down. We're playing golf in Savannah on Thursday and then driving up Friday.
So I hope it doesn't get rained out.
But just an amazing event.
I think  I don't know who said it online.
It was some article.
But apparently the Masters app is like the greatest app on earth.
They have figured out a way to be like that good in terms of like showing every hole, every golfer.
You can go back and watch every single shot hit by every golfer in the tournament.
So that's pretty amazing.
What else do we have going on in the match?
I like Speed to play well.
And people for the Liv situation, if I'm not mistaken,
15 golfers from Liv are going to be playing in the Masters,
have been inviting.
If you're a pass winner, you get the automatic invite, but 15 total have qualified.
Do you know the number?
I don't know if it's  did you see 15?
I didn't think it was that many.
I was talking to Wayne, and he seemed to think 15.
Oh, I trust him.
Yeah, and he's going to be going too, so maybe you'll run into him.
Yeah, so the Masters will be  it should be amazing.
Right now it looks like Friday, saturday sunday's all bad weather let's hopefully uh let's hope be hopeful that that switches and you get
some nice weather and they can get it finished on sunday someone asked me if it's ever been a
monday finish in the masters i don't i don't remember i'm sure there has been but um yeah
the tournament's going to be great i'd love to see rory get get his get his grand slam that would
be an amazing storyline i'd love speed to be involved john his Grand Slam. That would be an amazing storyline. I'd love Spieth to be involved.
Jon Rahm's been as good as anyone away from Scotty Sheffler.
So there's just so many different storylines.
Golf's at an amazing place right now because there's so many superstars that could win.
But I can't wait.
Thursday morning, you get on.
You get right on the app.
For some reason, I don't think you can watch on TV until like 3 o'clock Thursday and Friday.
That's when ESPN starts their coverage.
It's CBS on the weekend.
But now you can get right online and see every guy hit every shot.
So it's going to be amazing.
Beauty.
Savannah's a great town.
You've been there before?
No, I've never been.
I'm looking forward to it.
Yeah, it's a good time down there.
Let's see.
Tons of new Pink Whitney golf merch too.
Which wearing the hat right now i'm wearing
this hat um so i have a white hat pink whitney with the floral arrangement that's my favorite
pink whitney logo of all time i have it on my golf head covers one of these two a green lid with a
white rope across it so that's a pretty sweet look along with some pink whitney golf t-shirts
so check those out if you feel inclined i think it's some top-notch merch that we sell
around springtime every year. And before we finish up, did I mention the show Shrinking to you guys?
No. Not yet.
So two shows, both Apple TV I just watched. The first is Shrinking. Quick synopsis,
Jason Siegel is the star on the show. I've always liked him ever since forgetting Sarah Marshall.
Jason Siegel is the star in the show.
I've always liked him ever since forgetting Sarah Marshall.
He is a shrink.
He's a psychiatrist.
He works with two other people, one of them being Harrison Ford, who's awesome in this show.
The other is a woman.
I don't know her name, but she's great.
Jason Siegel lost his wife in a car crash.
So it's kind of about grief, but it's very funny as well.
A great show.
I think there was 10 or 11 episodes finished that.
And then I hopped into Keith Yandel's recommendation on Apple TV.
It's called Blackbird.
An unreal, true story.
The guy, I don't know,
I think this maybe was in the 90s.
I'm not exactly sure,
but he goes away, he gets 10 years.
He's a drug dealer.
And the FBI comes to him and they say that your sentence will be gone if you go into this other prison.
I think it's Missouri. And there was a there was like a awful human being, scumbag murderer.
He was killing girls and they knew it was him, but he was going to get out on his appeal.
They knew he was going to win his appeal. So his job was to go into prison, get to know the guy, and get him to tell him where the bodies were buried.
And so the fact that it's a true story, it's only a six-episode season.
And it was amazing.
The end of episode five, oh, my God.
How would they have entrusted in this guy?
Did the guy know him previously?
No, he didn't.
But this guy was like he was just kind of like a salesman,
like super personable,
could talk to anyone.
They knew he had the ability
to possibly get close to this guy
because of how successful he was
in all these different relationships
he had had in drug dealing.
So it's a pretty dark show.
I'm not going to lie.
There's not much comedy.
And like I just said,
the end of episode five is pretty tough.
It's like some emotional stuff.
But I give the show an A+.
It was amazing.
So there's two recommendations.
So the first one's funny while also being very emotional.
The second one's dark, but it's amazing TV.
So check those both out on Apple TV if you want.
Yeah, the acting in that with Taron Egerton, he played Elton John in the Elton John movie a couple years back.
He's great.
Phenomenal.
And Paul Walter Hauser, who played the fucking alleged serial killer in jail, that guy is fucking phenomenal.
Everything he's in, he was Richard Jewell.
Remember the Richard Jewell movie a couple years ago?
Oh, I knew I recognized him.
Yeah.
I knew I recognized him.
A couple shows, he was on like Banshee.
He's been in a bunch of things.
That guy is unbelievable.
Awesome actor.
Also, Succession come back. Are you a Succession guy, a succession guy wit yes i am i've watched the first two episodes i thought the first episode of season four was one of the best episodes of tv
ever like that show that's a good fucking i've never started that that's probably all buddy so
i tried to i tried yellowstone and i just couldn't i. I lost interest. It didn't draw me in.
I tried it once and then went back a couple years later and really got into it.
So sometimes it's where you're at, headspace.
I know you've been working on it for days.
Should I bring my iPad to Jackson and watch it?
Yeah, if you watch it at Jackson, maybe just the scenery will get you into it a little bit more.
Yeah, it should be a great week, guys.
Like I said, the Masters, this crazy Calgary-Winnipeg game on Wednesday,
along with many other playoff implications.
Chicklets doc on Wednesday as well.
The NYPD-FDNY documentary comes out on Wednesday as well.
That and I think Friday or Thursday.
Thursday we're dropping Chicklets game notes.
If you haven't heard from Merle's and Army, they're going to be down in Tampa at the Frozen Four with Grinelli.
So Chicklets game notes coming to
you on Thursday. And we got Final
Four for hockey. We got Masters
and we got big time NHL games. So
best time of the year for sports if you ask me.
And thank you so much for listening. And thank
you Veterinarian Mary for giving me
that wonderful letter. I appreciate that.
And with the boys are going to be at Hat Tricks in Tampa
Thursday at 3 p.m. So if you're in the area
come by and hang out with the boys.
Enjoy some frozen claw.
Have a fantastic weekend.
