Hey, Spittin' Chicklets listeners, you can find every episode on Apple Podcasts,
Spotify, or YouTube. Prime members can listen ad-free on Amazon Music.
Hello everybody, welcome to episode 438 of Spit and Chicklets, presented by Pink Whitney,
from our friends at New Amsterdam Vodka, here in the Barstool Sports podcast family.
We're just three days into the playoffs and there's already a shitload of things to discuss.
Dirty hits, bad hits, crazy crazy goals all kinds of crazy shit so
let's dive in with the boys and start it up the merman what's going on welcome to the show buddy
thanks for having me i'm here i'm at headquarters to make sure i had proper internet and film for
you guys to be on the big show my game notes it was i was in the minesies this morning my internet
was crap so i made i made the trip over to headquarters for the big boys. Why would you go to headquarters for good internet?
True.
All right, nobody's going to get that joke.
You got to explain it.
I mean, the Boston Way jokes, we've been making them for about 100 years.
Yeah, typically for an internet company, internet sometimes sucks,
so it was kind of funny that he went there.
Anyways, Merman, you've been over the States for a little while,
a couple of, what, two, three weeks this time around?
Yes, coming up on three weeks, it's time to go back.
I'm heading back Friday.
Your wife must love you right now.
She's so impressed with my act.
She's just disgusted.
You're going to be on straight diaper duty for, what, six months when you get back?
Yeah, you guys won't hear from me for a while.
It's okay, honey.
I got to shove a loss right in Pasha's fat mouth, though, in his barn.
Exactly.
That was a night.
Last night was a fun time.
Fuck, they were sleeping the first 10 minutes of that game with the two power plays.
I don't think they had a shot in those first two power plays.
They didn't get a shot all four of them.
0 for 4 in a power play.
Yeah, they didn't get a shot.
Oh, shit.
I didn't even realize the last two they didn't have any.
Yeah.
Almost in fucking Oilers. Oh, shit. I didn't even realize the last two they didn't have any. Yeah. Almost a fucking Oilers.
Took a penalty.
Well, at least they got power plays, unlike some teams that played tonight.
We'll get to that in a little bit.
Paul, BizNasty, BizNet, where are you?
You are like Waldo, Common, San Diego.
You're always all over the fucking place.
I'm in a TNT bubble, baby, in Atlanta.
Look, even Four Seasons hooked me up with my own little fucking beautiful microwave.
I got my own little mini fridge here.
I just got some room service.
Just finished a steak.
And now we're going to enjoy this wonderful podcast.
And do we have a lot of drama?
And the headline hogs, Maple Leafs, just stealing all the headlines.
The old 11, 15 p.m. New York Strip.
You know it, baby.
You know it.
Top sirloin dog.
I'm in a giddy mood because the maple leaf's got the tampa bay lightning exactly where we want oh jesus christ you're you're business guys
business high for this episode no i'm not high at all i'm off the weed i'm off the booze i'm
keeping it straight sober for the tnt bubble baby baby. I'm high on Maple Leaf life.
Still no loads?
Load management still?
It's been two days.
It's been two days.
I'm ready to fucking snap.
I'm actually putting on a little bit of a show here because I got the arm dog buck naked in my bed.
What are you watching?
He's watching the Edmonton LA game right now. So speaking of wanting teams right where they want them, they're down two.
So LA is about to pounce any time here, right, Whit?
Because they're used to throwing away leads to Edmonton-Las.
You can't say anything.
You can try to deflect and be all positive and pretend all is a joke.
You're a joke.
Your city's a joke.
And your team's the biggest joke of all.
Like I said last episode. and army's not watching any
nhl game right now he's butt naked watching the fucking red deer rebels win the 2000 memorial cup
where he scored like a game-winning goal and knock somebody out on a late hit he is switching over to
the other game which features a red deer rebel in matt dumba who's been an absolute dog so far in
these playoffs although they're getting speed bagged at this point, 6-3.
But let's not get too ahead of ourselves right now.
Going back to the Leafs, we're going to get into that chatter.
As I said, I think they got the lightning exactly where they want them.
I don't care how delusional you think I am.
All righty, we'll get to that in a bit.
Next up, the Whit Dog, Ryan Whitney.
Good to see you last weekend. What's going on wit dog, Ryan Whitney. Good to see you last weekend.
What's going on, my man?
Yeah, great to see you.
Sound.
Sound.
I was so authentic.
Yeah.
I love you.
It was awesome seeing you, dude.
Can't wait till the next time.
No, I had a blast while I was there.
Monday's stream was a lot of fun.
Just kicking everything off.
Bruins get the win.
Oilers blew a horrendous, horrendous game to blow that lead.
But, I mean, right now they look phenomenal.
The Kings didn't get a shot until 18 seconds left in the first period of game two.
Right now we've got 11 minutes left in the second period.
So when I'm maybe not paying attention, I'm living and dying with my team.
And I can be honest about my team
and honest about the bad penalties they took
at the end of game one. Oh my God.
But yeah, other than that,
there's just a million storylines. I
don't really know where we're starting, but every
single series has something. You want to
jump right into it, Biz, or did you want to have a little more
social commentary first? No,
I mean, those awkward pauses that
you're killing me right now. Let's fucking
go. Let's fucking go, buddy.
Get him a sniffer. Let's
fucking wake up here. Come on, buddy.
Wakey, wakey. There's no time for social
activities in the playoffs.
You know what he's concentrated
on? Fucking too worried about
pulling his goaltender. He wants
Swayman in net for game three.
Amazing, R.A.
Allmark, the Vezina winner.
The best player in game one.
He loses one game and he's
ready to pull the plug on his boy who he's
defending last week as opposed to
a loss in a game in which the Bruins
by far, I would say,
played the worst game of the season.
They had more assists on
the Panthers goals than Panthers players did.
I can't blame all Mark.
All right.
But I know you've been worried about the goaltending to begin with.
I mentioned it as a possible concern.
He gave up five goals on 26 shots.
I know the team in front of him wasn't great.
He wasn't ideal either.
I'm just saying if I'm Monty, I come back with Swayman next game.
I don't know how you go back to a guy who gave up five goals on 26 shots.
He wasn't, you know, they could use the save or two. It might've been a different game. They didn't get it.. I don't know how you go back to a guy who gave up five goals on 26 shots. He wasn't, you know, they could have used the save or two.
It might have been a different game.
They didn't get it.
So I don't know.
I have no problem if that's the direction to go.
I think you're fucking out of your mind after the performance you put on this
regular season that you're not going to go back to the guy to at least give him
another chance.
Because then R.A. almost, you could then go to him.
Swayman doesn't play good.
You fucked with Allmark's mind, and then you're really in one. Because then R.A. almost, you could then go to him. Swayman doesn't play good.
You fucked with all Mark's mind.
And then you're really in one.
I don't know if he's mentally tough enough.
He should be able to fucking get over it.
But I don't know.
I wasn't thrilled with his performance.
And actually, while we're talking about it, why the fuck did Minnesota go with Mark Henry Flory tonight after Gus with a phenomenal performance the other night?
We're just all over the map.
We are.
ADD special. Should we reel it in here?
That's one of the most dumb
game one Islanders hurricanes.
The most boring hockey
game of the playoffs. 2-1.
We can move on from there.
What was the next game? That was our Bruins. We did the
live stream down at Barstool. We got a
stroke off Brent Burns. He was
phenomenal in that game, driving that offense,
walking the fucking blue line.
I thought, well, obviously
the Islanders' power play stunk. They went
0-4, and in the one that they
fucking need, five minutes left in the game,
they're down a goal. They couldn't also,
so much like New Jersey, they couldn't even muster
up a shot. I agree with you, Merles.
That was an absolute snoozer, but at least they
made up for it in game two.
I don't think that the Canes defense gets enough credit.
Like, I watch Slavin play.
It's like, holy shit.
Every time I don't watch the Canes play a ton,
which is probably why their fans hate me so much.
I guess I don't give that team enough respect.
But then the times I do get to watch a full Canes game, Jacob Slavin is ridiculous. He might be as fast as any defenseman in the league.
I know it sounds crazy. If you've never seen them play, you're like, who are you even talking about?
This guy is a freak. And then the way Brent Burns is continuing to do it, I mean, the assist on the
first goal by Ajo, but that's where it's like, that's a
face-off play that they've ran all
year long. Ajo slides
off, and Burns feeds it right
through the middle, and the Islanders,
the seas parted.
Me and Merle are sitting there. It's like, how are you not
watching the tape
on the pre-scout to know
that that is their number one face-off play?
Boom, they're down 1-0.
So I'm kind of jumping all over the series,
but the Canes are the most unlucky team in the NHL.
All of your teams can't say they're as unlucky as they are.
I feel very bad for that team's fan base.
Well, they're up 2-0 right now.
Boys, we should re-rack it, take it from the top,
and then work our way into Toronto because I know Biz is waiting for that.
But, Biz, I had a busy trip this week.
Ranges, Maple Leafs Thursday.
We had NYPD, FDNY Saturday.
And then I had fictional hockey up in Sudbury on Monday.
I went up to do my season two for Shoresy the other day.
How was that?
Feed me.
Come on.
Give me a little love there.
It was 36 hours in Sudbury.
I had never actually seen the town.
It was kind of a gritty city.
I didn't really get much of it the season one, but we did our scenes.
Me, Jay Unright, Kim Cloutier, and Tessa Bonhomme,
my same three co-stars from season one.
So we had some familiarity.
Yeah, the lines were a little shorter.
The scene was a little small, but everybody banged it out.
Can't wait to be part of season two, man.
Jared Kiso's aces, great guy. He says hello to all the fellas. Yeah, it was a business small, but everybody banged it out. Can't wait to be part of season two, man. Jared Kiso's aces. Great guy. He says
hello to all the fellas.
It was a business trip, man. It wasn't vacation at all.
He's very rarely seen
and you took a photo with him.
People were going nuts when you posted it.
He also doesn't do any
he doesn't do many, if not
any interviews because we've asked him
to come on the podcast and I constantly see people
tweeting at us, hey, get him on the podcast. And I constantly see people tweeting at us,
Hey,
get them on the pod,
get them on the pod.
But he likes to fly under the radar quite a bit.
Yeah.
He prefers to defer,
I guess you'd say,
because you know,
he,
he,
he said,
I'll have other people on.
He just wants to put the spotlight,
I think on other people and the kind of shine the light there, but such an awesome guy.
He's a huge fan of what we do and has very kind words about chicklets and
whatnot,
but it's a great experience,
man.
I go up there.
It was a four hour ride to the Sudbury hangout.
I, you know,
reading lines till two o'clock in the morning,
get up at five in the morning,
get shuttled to the set.
It's like, it's fun.
You feel like you're,
I feel like a real fucking actor for a couple of days anyway.
So, and that Terry Ryan was there.
I'm sure you bumped into him and,
and it's kind of cool because as far as Shorzy and going back to letter,
Kenny,
they do it more mom and pop style where it's not like this huge, huge set where it's more of like a, you know, more of everybody he knows.
It's more of a family setting on set.
Correct?
Absolutely.
And I would say not that I have a work for Clint Eastwood, but he's very economical as Clint Eastwood is known to be just like does one or two, maybe three takes and moves along.
He gets what he wants and they just bang out the work.
They get it done.
And I mean, they do an incredible amount of work.
And like, I think five or six weeks, the whole season is going to take.
But it was a thrill.
Jay Onright, hilarious guy.
He's very popular in Canada.
He's basically, what would you say, the Scott Van Pelt of Canada as far as like SportsCenter goes?
That's a great comparison.
Yeah, it was.
It was Jay Onright and the other guy for all those years.
Who was his boy, Biz?
Oh, Dan O'Toole.
Dan O'Toole.
They were like the guys.
And they were going on when I was in Edmonton, hilarious stuff.
So I didn't know he was involved.
That's cool.
Yeah, me, him, like I said, Tessa Bonhomme, gold medal winner,
and Kim Cloutier, who was on Letter Kenny.
We're kind of doing this roundtable type thing.
But Jay's hilarious.
We were talking about Jack Edwards, and we've discussed him a bunch this year.
And lo and behold, I get up Tuesday, I put on SportsCenter,
and he does a whole segment on Jack Edwards about being such a home.
He's like, I love this guy.
It was fucking hilarious because we had discussed it the day before.
I DM'd him.
I was like, buddy, that was the funniest thing you did all day.
Just kind of hilarious.
Jack Edwards said Jack Edwards-like things that night.
So, yeah, Jay's a great guy, man.
He's a fun guy to work with.
So, yeah, to wrap it up, awesome experience.
I'll be back for season three whenever that takes place.
And it's just a cool thing to be part of, man.
It became quite the phenomenon after first season.
So, it's nice to have a very small pod in it.
I can't wait to talk about it for every podcast the next six months.
Well, I couldn't really last time.
We can lead off the Stanley Cup Finals episode with the recap of the third episode.
So then on take four, I was like, I'm going to do it Marlon Brando style.
Before we go any further, you know what I'm here for.
And that's to bring up my love and passion,
New Amsterdam Vodka's own Pink Whitney. It's got my name on it. It's incredible. The feedback,
the amount of people that drink it, the amount of people that enjoy life when Pink Whitney's
in the mix. And if you haven't tasted it, please go out, grab a bottle. You'll enjoy life. You'll
have fun with the people you drink it with. It tastes phenomenal.
You catch a nice buzz. And at the end, you just get to get another bottle the next night. That's how this works. We have people sending us pictures of hundreds of empty bottles around their
apartments, dorm rooms packed with Pink Whitney, nips being brought into sporting events. It's the
best drink you can drink. It's the best drink for winter. It's the best drink for summer. It's the best drink on a golf course. It's the best drink on a boat. It doesn't matter
where you are. The taste, the smoothness, and the color all combine into one to make a powerful
drink that brings you smiles and brings you joy. Without New Amsterdam, we don't exist.
Without New Amsterdam, Pink Whitney doesn't exist. And thank you so much for supporting our
brand and buying that drink and catching a buzz while laughing with the fellas or the ladies,
because we know the ladies love the pink wit. Maybe not me when I'm pink from in the sun,
but they love the drink. So thank you to New Amsterdam. Back to the podcast.
All right, boys, let's knock off the bullshit, get to the hockey. It's only one game so far,
but same old song in Toronto so far.
Everybody was all over them, including us.
But game one, the underdog Lightning pounded the Leafs 7-3
to grab a 1-0 series lead.
May have been a costly win for Tampa.
They lost Victor Hedman, Eric Chernak, and forward Michael Essamont
to injuries during the game.
And they lost Michael Bunting for three games because he was suspended
for, as the league said,
three playoff games for an illegal check to the head in interference against Tampa Bay's Eric Chernak.
Biz, did you think three was excessive right about when he should have gone?
What's your take on it? I thought it was extremely excessive.
I thought maybe one, two max.
They say sometimes they don't base the suspension off of injury.
But I would imagine after getting the injury report after the game, that that's why they ended up coming to the conclusion to go over the
top I think that timing also has something to do with it with everybody riled up over that
dumba hit as far as the play is concerned it felt like just a play in front of the net where you're
just trying to create a little bit of separation where you throw that reverse hit I think the
ugliness of the fact the puck was nowhere near him played also a factor
into this, but I would say overall a devastating blow considering the Tampa Bay Lightning loss,
Hedman and Chernak, which are probably two of their top three D other than Sergeyev.
Dirty, dirty hit by a dirty rat player.
And that's not taking anything away from the guy because, I mean, he's kind of found a pretty decent role in Toronto Maple Leafs being a rat.
Every team can use a rat.
Marshawn's a rat.
But that was a scumbag hit.
And when you talk about pushing into a defenseman to try to kind of get a little more space racing for a loose puck. Dude, he didn't even need to touch Cernak.
He had the direct line to the puck, and he decided to go up,
lift up into him, and put his shoulder directly into his nose.
So three games, 100 fine with it.
You were on the broadcast on TNT saying,
I don't even think he's going to get a game.
I was watching that, laughing, laughing my balls off,
grabbing my belly, my spare tire.
This says no suspension.
That was such a stupid hit by just a dirty player.
And when you go out of the way to hit somebody like that,
no doubt you're getting suspended.
But as I wrote on Twitter, and people thought I was just trying to throw the
jinx out, I said, in all seriousness, Leafs fans, if Hedman and Cernak are out,
even you can't lose the series because they cannot withstand.
And everyone's like responding, well, they just beat them without those two guys
for the second and third period.
one's like responding well they just beat them without those two guys for the second and third period six games is a lot different than than the two periods when you're up three nothing after the
first and Leafs fans unbelievable like you're down three nothing right you only get back into the
game in the first period down three nothing the only reason you get back into the game is because of two power plays.
And all you're doing is crying about the referee.
You lost 7-3.
3-0 after the first period of game one at home.
And all you're doing is crying about the referee.
Take some ownership on your team sucking in the playoffs.
Is this series over?
Not even close. But I cannot believe the amount of Lee Stantz that just want to blame the refs.
Enough with the Wes McCauley stuff.
They were 5-0-1 in games he refed them this season.
Enough with the refs.
You guys suck in the playoffs.
It's that simple.
And when you're constantly blaming others, except for
looking in the mirror at your own team, I mean, why isn't Lilligren playing for them? Everyone
says, oh no, Luke Shen's got the toughest. Lilligren moves the puck and skates well.
You have forwards who need the puck in stride in the neutral zone. Put him in the game. He had a
bad second half. All right. The fucking Lightning had a horrible second half,
and look what they did to your game one.
I don't understand Leafs Nation.
I never will.
I never will.
I thought they were horrendous there to start that game.
They were losing every fucking loose puck battle in front,
and I don't think Samsonov did them any favors.
If I'm the Leafs, I go to wall in game two.
A hundred percent.
No go.
I don't think you need to have
any loyalty to a goalie who's got one playoff win in his career with with with with no winning
pedigree come playoff time so i say switch the goalie up and the good news about bunting being
out well they're really the only good news because they needed that grittiness in front of the net
front is matthew nize is probably getting inserted to the lineup. You think so? I think that's what I'm hearing anyway.
And so, hey, with tough situations like that comes opportunity,
and you've seen some young guys like Faber for Minnesota
step in the lineup come playoff time.
Let's get those young legs in there.
No waiting game.
Put him in there.
Strike when the iron's hot.
He's coming off a great season.
Get him in there to help produce a little bit of offense
and mix things up. I said it coming in. They were going to a great season. Get him in there to help produce a little bit of offense and mix things up.
I said it coming in.
They were going to need some guys who weren't in the lineup coming in and contributing.
Some no-namers all of a sudden.
So go to Wall. He's got no pressure on him.
Sancenov already fucking blew the doors off in game one.
Go to Wall.
And then as far as the defense is concerned, I agree with you.
Throw in Lilgren and have a puck-moving defenseman in there
as opposed to trying to play
this tough man game with Tampa Bay.
And everyone who thinks I hate the Leafs,
McCabe, no
suspension. No way. Good hockey
hit. Pick your head up.
The bunting hit was just
so unnecessary
and so dirty that
it just drove me crazy.
If Cernak is back next game,
because I said no games on the broadcast,
would you have been shocked if Cernak's back in the lineup
and so is Bunting?
I think that if he would have came back,
he shouldn't have to serve any more time.
The rest of that game, getting the gate with the five-minute major
would have been enough.
So that's why I said that on the broadcast.
They say that they don't base those suspensions off injuries.
Well, in this case, I feel like they did.
I thought three was excessive.
I think one playoff game is two regular season games,
and that's exactly what he should have got.
I would have been fine with two, but I wasn't shocked by three.
Yeah.
Merles.
I was completely shocked by three.
Merles, do you not agree that if Cernak and Hedman are out,
the Leafs are winning that series?
Yeah, only if just Hedman.
If Hedman's gone, it's over.
It's over.
That guy plays 30 minutes, power play, penalty kill.
He's been their leader.
But, yeah, I thought three games was very excessive.
But I think it's going to be a good thing for the Leafs.
They're going to put Matthew Nyes in there.
Put him right on that top line.
Let him play with those big horses like he was playing with the big horses at Minnesota.
And they'll turn this thing around.
They're going to win this game.
They got to fucking neutralize Scorry Perry.
This guy's what?
He's unbelievable.
65 years old, still getting it done come playoff time.
Three points in that game.
And he's a pest around the net.
And, R.A., you texted the group chat.
That goalie challenge or the goal challenge, it was awful.
I don't know.
At that point, it seemed like everybody was off their game for the Leafs game one.
But as I said, we got them right where we want them.
They got Youngblood coming in the lineup.
They got a couple banged up D for the Tampa Bay squad.
I think this thing might be a gentleman's sweep by the time we're looking at it.
Whatever happens, Biz, that's a terrible challenge right there.
Tampa Bay just reestablished three-goal lead.
You challenge it.
There was nothing even there.
I mean, I don't know if it was a reputation thing
because it's Corey Perry.
There was like nothing, no goaltender interference at all.
Now it's fucking 5-2.
You're putting them on a 5-on-3.
They make it 6-2, and that pretty much iced the game.
That might have been worse than the bunting hit as far as the
effect on the game itself. And I
don't know. It's just absolutely brutal call. I don't
know what they were thinking, but I don't know.
But what Leafs fans
what I am a little worried
about if I'm you
Kucherov. Holy
shit, boys. I mean,
that was a quiet, ridiculous
season. What was he, fourth in league scoring?
Same way points 50 was quiet.
And he had that drive last night.
And he had the 7-3 lead, and he's chipping pucks in and four-checking hard.
And then you're like, if Kooch is playing like this, he can carry you right to the second round.
He's that fucking good.
So like everyone said, and by everyone I mean me, the playoffs are different.
You don't pick against Tampa.
And that first game, while just being one of possible seven, I said it was going seven,
was kind of a panic attack for Leafs fans.
And also Leafs fans, it's hard to figure out where I stand on this,
but you're trying to get your team out of the first round.
You're just waiting and waiting and waiting.
And the regular season doesn't mean anything for you guys anymore.
Hell of a team.
You're going to get to the playoffs.
So all that matters is the playoffs.
And you're down 3-0 after the first.
Horrible.
I understand the frustration,
but just booing the team off the ice, biz.
I get why they're so disgusted and mad and it's just like oh my god again but have you seen uh leaf's
ticket prices like what i think they fucking deserve that i yeah i know and i i guess i do
too but it's also like guys if you want them to get out, they need you on their side.
I think that... You mentioned that Horkoff was at the game and then
people in front of him left after the first period?
Yeah, he said there was a couple
right in front of him and when the lightning
went up 3-0, they're like, oh, this fucking
game's over. We can't win this one. Let's go.
And they just got up and left.
Right down to the platinum lounge, the sniff counters.
Right after Kuch Snied with two seconds left.
Have a good night, guys.
We had a great post on Twitter, spitting chicklets.
It went 3-0.
It was like Leafs in playoff mode or something like that.
Fuck.
But I tell you what, man.
If we see another performance, I think that's a perfect way to start
because it's a complete shit-kicking where you have to look in the mirror afterward
where that's kind of best case scenario for the Toronto Maple Leafs.
Losing 3-2 in OT, that's a gut wrencher.
This is more like, hey, boys, big time wake up call.
So that's why I said that they're in the driver's seat.
Very true.
And before we move on, the Leafs rolled to a 5-0 win in game one last year.
So it's one game, but it was just,
it was a great game as a Leafs hater watched.
Burn the film.
Wait, I want to ask you, like,
how does the presence of a guy like Ryan O'Reilly
help the Leafs this year with, like, weathering the storm?
Like, you know, what will he say in the room
just to kind of keep young guys from, like,
maybe getting a little too worried?
Get me out of here!
He's like, I already got my cup.
Fuck you guys.
Oh, now you're on landscaping
duty, bitch. I do
think that could be
a big factor, R.A.
I'm not willing to sit here and say what
he would say to guys, but just having
a guy in there who's won the Stanley Cup
and Luke Shen did as well,
right, with Tampa.
Did he not?
Am I mistaken on that?
Yeah.
No, he won.
So there's veterans in there.
I think that's a good call, R.A.
He had a big goal last night, you know, to make it 3-2.
So this series is so far from over.
It was just more about getting to laugh at everyone at game one.
I could be the clown at the end of this thing.
I'm willing and open and ready to admit that.
All right.
He's just telling them.
I'm sure.
And I can't remember all their games, but I'm sure some point on their run, they lost.
They've got blown out somewhere.
So that's something easy.
You can say, oh, when I won it with St. Louis, we lost eight to two to Dallas or whatever.
And we still won the cup.
You can say something simple like that to calm the troops down. All right, guys, I've said it once and I'll say it again. If you have a dog
and you're not feeding them farmer's dog, you are a crazy person. Eating processed foods for
every meal, it's not healthy. We all know that. And kibble is subject to rounds of high feed
processing, making it an ultra processed food. So try something fresh.
Farmer's dog is fresh. I've said this forever. I think ravioli eats healthier than me. Dogs will
eat anything, especially ravioli. Shoes, toilet paper, garbage, even kibble. And just because
they'll eat it, it doesn't mean it's healthy food. Here's an idea. What if
dogs eat real food? I've said this forever. They should be eating healthy food. Why do dogs have
to have this dry food or wet food? Why can't it just be regular food? So feed your dog the farmer's
dog. It's real. It's fresh. It's healthy food with whole meat and veggies gently cooked in human
grade kitchens to preserve their natural value. Like I said before, Ravioli gets her personalized
custom chicken, turkey, and beef packets. They say her name on it. It's so awesome. She loves it.
And meals arrived, pre-portioned, ready to serve packs, conveniently delivered on my schedule,
which as we know, it's playoff season. It's tough. The schedule is packed right now. So
dog people all across the country have ordered millions and millions of meals from the farmer's
dog. It's never been easier to invest in your dog's health with fresh food. Get 50 off your first box with fresh, healthy food at thefarmersdog.com
slash chicklets. Plus, you get free shipping. It doesn't get any better than free shipping.
Just go to thefarmersdog.com slash chicklets to get 50 off. That's thefarmersdog.com slash
chicklets. The Wilds, they beat Dallas the first game,
the first multi-overtime game in the playoffs,
but the big talk there was Matt Thumba's hit on Joe Pavelski.
Merles, I'll go to you first.
Did you think it was dirty, late, predatory?
What was your take on that particular check?
If anything, it was a tad late, but this is the playoffs,
and my big thing is a lot of these guys have learned
that it's they think it's non-hitting still like the the regular season's been a non-check league
this year you've seen how all these guys are setting records for points and blah blah blah
they're still hitting and uh you know i like pavelski i love that guy but i think he got caught
kind of thinking there's not going to be any big hits and Dumba caught him.
It's tough because Dumba came off his check, right?
Pavelski was engaged with another guy,
so I probably would imagine he didn't see him.
And on top of that, I think we can agree that it was a split second late.
So it wasn't like he was really admiring his pass
where he probably expected the time in which I'm going to get hit has expired.
So after that split second, he gets drilled.
He ends up going lateral.
And it wasn't the hit that did the damage.
It was him hitting his head on the ice.
And then obviously the melee ensues.
And I will say it didn't look like a sold-out barn.
There was enough empty seats.
But that ignited the crowd.
That was probably one of the craziest engaged crowds I've ever seen in a playoff game.
And then the rest of the game was melee.
These two teams are just trying to hurt each other at this point.
Probably the most intense game I've seen in a very long time come playoff-wise,
back and forth.
And then, I mean, the other storylines, of course, are Phillip Gustafson,
who played out of his fucking mind in his first ever playoff game.
What did he have?
50 some odd saves?
51.
Franchise record.
He just seemed so calm to me during overtime,
especially in overtime when Dallas pretty much dominated the entire time.
It was just a fucking  it was a shooting gallery on him.
And then finally they were able to find it with an injured Hartman who ended up scoring the goal who went down the tunnel at some point didn't he? Yeah and I don't think he's in
tonight. He was banged up he was hurt at some point I don't know if he went down where all the
with the ice girls hang out maybe he just did it to go smell their perfume and come back to get a
little bit of pep in a step for the OT winner. But overall, just an incredible game. And you could tell that Dallas,
I would say Dallas is considered a pretty tough team
with Jamie Bennett, some veterans
that can maybe bully guys around.
But you're not going to bully the Minnesota Wild around.
And especially every time they tried to,
Revo would be on the ice
and he'd tap the guy on the shoulder saying,
hey, you want to address that hit?
We can do it right now.
Nope, no takers.
So that Revo trade just looks better and better by the day,
especially when situations like that happen.
And I mentioned it earlier.
Is it Faber?
Yes.
I think more teams, like we'll get to it later with New Jersey,
but they got to insert these young guys.
Hey, there's no waiting anymore.
It's a young man's game,
and you need guys who can move and skate around out there.
He ended up saving one of those goals in overtime.
I know he said I had to because it was my guy that I lost,
but that diving effort where he just goes stick on puck
and it ends up going to the mesh, that was a huge monster play come OT time,
and nice to see a young guy contributing.
We mentioned that he might see some ice too.
Yeah, he played at Minnesota.
He was a monster all year.
So you understand him getting in the lineup and just making that play. What an unreal recovery to save the game.
And I picked Dallas in seven, I think.
And after watching game one, I said, oh, fuck.
It was kind of like the one series I wish I could take back because of the toughness.
And Biz, I know you mentioned Ben, but I actually kind of disagree in terms of Dallas' toughness.
Like, at least compared to Minnesota, Foligno, Reeves, just guys.
Middleton gets in the mix.
And Minnesota is, they're deep, they're tough, and all four lines keep coming at you.
So that game was kind of like eye-opening.
I don't know if Dallas can hang with these guys physically,
but then you see tonight, they were down 4-1.
Boom, it's 4-3, and then Dallas makes it 6-2.
So they got the firepower.
And another guy that doesn't get talked enough about,
probably because he's in Dallas, Rupe Hintz.
Can he motor out there?
He has two tonight and just a guy that's a huge difference maker.
With Pavelski out and with a concussion like that, I mean,
you got to think it's at least a week.
Now, he's a warrior.
He just got a hat trick, Whit.
He just got a hat trick.
There we go.
And he had to step it up, and he has.
So what is it, 7-3 now?
Yep.
So, you know, Dallas responds in an amazing way.
And I don't know if you heard DeBoer after.
DeBoer was cool, calm, and collected.
He talked about how good the referees are in this league.
I don't know what the hell he's talking about.
But he's talking about, listen, I understand.
I love the rule where they can call the major now, they can go review it, and they can understand and see that's not a major.
Now, I think people thought that I thought the Dumba hit was dirty
because on Twitter I mentioned,
how the hell does Dallas not have a power play at the end of that?
Well, I didn't understand what Domi went in and did after.
Domi went nuts.
I think he got a 2 and a 10 to even it up.
The Dumba hit, man, that's a good hit.
It's a split second late, 100 fine with 2 minutes interference.
But, yeah, Pavelski didn't expect it.
And not only did he hit his head on the ice, I think it had something to do,
if you go back and look, when Dumba buried him,
Hartman's stick was like in between Dumba's shoulder and Pavelski's face.
I think that stick also buried him in the face on that hit.
So just pretty unfortunate circumstance for a warrior like Pavelski to have to go down
like that.
And you see him wobbling off the ice.
That's scary.
And that's hard for Dallas to kind of respond after seeing their leader go down.
So a great bounce back game in game two for them.
Now, in game two, we can get into Biz brought up Gustafson.
What the fuck are they doing?
How is Fleury starting that game?
And what's amazing is you go back to last year,
they wouldn't switch their goalies already, remember?
And they're like, switch the goalies up.
They don't do it, they lose.
And then they have this literally record-breaking performance.
Yeah, the goaltending thing fucks up some coaches' heads, man.
It's hard.
The two-goal system is good until you've got to make the decision.
It sounds good.
It sounds good until you've got to sit there at night
thinking about who you're going to play the next game,
especially after two OTs,
and that's your first time ever in playoff experience.
So maybe he needed the IV after the game,
or maybe they thought these guys are going to come out buzzing.
Let's save Gustafson's confidence for home,
and let's throw Fleury to the Wolves because he's the wily veteran.
But I want to quickly go back to team toughness.
I don't think Dallas is the type of team that gets pushed around.
They got Jamie Benn.
They got Hockenpah.
They got Suter.
They got Domi, who's willing to chuck him.
Rupe Hintz is a pretty good guy.
They might even have a few other guys in there that can take it.
And as far as getting retribution, did you see the punishment that Suter was putting on Kaprizov the rest of the game?
So that was people, Minnesota fans were losing their minds.
And if you go back to earlier in the season.
I don't blame them.
Right.
But all things considered, it seems like it's an eye for an eye.
And yeah, there were a couple cheap shots on there.
So they're trying to get back for Pofelski.
But if you go back to the regular season, Bill Guerin's bitched quite a bit
about the fact that Kaprizov being Russian superstar,
he doesn't get the treatment that guys like Conor McDavid
and Sidney Crosby and the Canadians or Americans get.
I feel like Russian superstars don't get the calls as much as the other guys.
They kind of get hosed.
So as far as Minnesota's toughness, obviously it surpasses Dallas's,
but Dallas ain't the type of team in regular season to get pushed around.
I'm really glad you brought that up because Dallas fans who are going nuts
and think that was a dirty hit and worthy of the five minute and the game misconduct for Dumba.
Go look at the shooter crosschecks.
I think he got him three times, at least three times.
Three crosschecks right in the ribs where he's going down.
They're not just like love taps either.
And no calls on any of them.
So it's like, yeah, you're right.
Eye for an eye.
That's how they're looking at it.
But you got to you got to protect
Kaprizov a little bit. You know, you can't be
skating around getting random cross-checking
the ribs enough to go down and then
just no call anywhere. So
I...
That series is going seven. Can we agree on that?
All day.
But back to the goaltending situation.
Michael Russo, who's
if not the best, one of the best, you know.
Beat writers.
Beat writers.
So in tune with that team and what's going on.
He had a little bit of a tweet threat.
I think the last 14 games they alternated.
So it has been their system.
And you can understand why a system that's working when that team was flying at the end of the year.
I just think playoffs start.
It's kind of why I'm disagreeing with R.A. on his take about getting all Marco.
It's like, pick a guy.
Pick a guy.
If he plays like shit and you got two guys, boom, there you go.
But after Gustafson's effort, I don't care.
The guy's going to be ready to go, dude.
You don't think adrenaline's going to carry him after his performance in game two?
I just totally disagreed with that decision to start Fleury.
And with the domination OT by Dallas,
what was the one thing that they were missing?
A net front presence to get in front of Gustafson,
and that's why Pavelski, that injury, is going to hurt.
Is there any word on him potentially coming back?
He's in concussion protocol,
and that's one thing where DeBoer said he feels better,
but I don't, maybe, I mean, I don't know.
Game three after that hit,
it's going to be tough for him to get back.
I think it's going seven.
We'll see him again, but you just don't know when.
DeBoer also called out Sagan and Robertson.
He said they both need to be better,
and what did Sagan do?
He got plugged in as the net front guy in the power play
and had a beautiful tip five hole early on in that game.
So that's responding to a little criticism.
Oh, oils.
Yes.
Three, two.
God damn it.
Let's go.
Oh, fucking rights.
God damn, I got them in regulation too heavy.
So we can move on from that series.
That is biz. You said it best. Maybe a little move on from that series. That is biz.
You said it best.
Maybe a little bit of a quiet crowd, and then boom, explosion with the hit,
and then tonight that crowd show off.
They were fucking buzzing in Dallas.
Back to mini where those fans are passionate and loud,
and that should be a great one.
And Army's in between the benches for games three and four,
so looking forward to that.
Nice.
Yeah. Gustafson, he stopped 51 of 53 shots over 92 20 tonight uh flurry seven goals allowed on 27 shots so a huge discrepancy also pretty good point uh biz from Gary Lawless uh he covers
Vegas he said the very rule put into place involving Pete DeBoer and Joe Pavelski during
their shocks days is enacted tonight with Pete and Joe at center stage once again.
Major reduced to minor.
Just kind of a weird symmetry thing, right?
Insane.
With those guys in there.
I'm glad you mentioned that.
I had that at the top of my head.
I forgot to mention it.
Also, too, there was a Dallas columnist.
What's his name?
Mack Engel.
He kind of a weird column.
He called for like Marchment style revenge.
Now, Brian Marchment passed away not too long ago. And in his his sons on dallas it was just kind of a weird name to invoke like basically
like writing a column that they got to get revenge on this hit it was just like bro what the fuck
you talking about like you know bringing up brian i have no idea what you're talking about right now
what happened no this this reporter uh or writer in uh dallas mac engel his name is i'm not sure
what paper he's with. He basically wrote
a column advocating or saying
that Dallas has to take some
like Brian Marchment style revenge.
And, you know, Brian passed away.
Right. Yeah. Oh, that's weird. That's bizarre.
Yeah, exactly. It was just a very
bizarre column. And a lot of like other
fellow reporters kind of like quote tweet him,
chirp them. And Mike Russo was one of them. He's like,
you're like a credentialed writer saying this,
like calling for like violence and shit.
It was that the violence part was weird, but then like, you know,
bringing Marchman's name into it.
It was just kind of like, bro,
like he must be a football writer or something.
They assigned to the game.
It was just a fucking brutal call.
But anyways, like you said, we'll move along.
Actually,
do you think Ryan Suda will cost the stars a game with a cross checking
penalty this series at all?
No, I talked about it on game notes.
The old veterans get away with a little extra stuff like that.
The referees won't call stuff on the old veteran that will chirp them.
They love to call stuff on the rookies and the call-ups.
So, you remember Chris Pronger?
He got away with all sorts of cross-checks like that back in the day.
So, I don't think they'll call one on them all playoffs.
And quickly before we move on every day,
Monday through Friday,
uh,
um,
chicklets game notes daily.
It's awesome.
You guys have done a great job.
I was on the first show Monday.
There's been three now,
noon Eastern,
check it out,
go over the night before action,
and then get some picks for that night.
So it's some fun,
um,
midday hockey content for you.
Great job.
Yeah, it's fun.
Everybody can comment.
It's live.
So people comment in there and it gets hilarious.
They're chirping us.
We're chirping them.
It's really fun.
Can't wait.
You can watch that on the Chicklets YouTube channel. We're also on Twitter as well.
So you can find us on Twitter as well.
Thank you, G.
Going to move over to Edmonton, L.A.
I know we just mentioned them. Game two going on
right now. Oilers up 3-2
with about 17 minutes left in the
third. But another game with some
controversy, I guess. Overtime penalty
called on Vincent Dehaney. A
tripping penalty knocks down
what's his name? Lazat. Looked like he might have
embellished it a bit. What was your take on
the penalty, the call? Should it have played
out that way? Let's see if you can take some accountability here.
That's a penalty.
That is a penalty.
Stupid play.
And DeJarne's been great.
He's been good.
You can't be flailing your stick around like that in OT.
It's just not smart.
I don't understand the Oilers fans that didn't think that was a call.
That's getting called every time in OT, in my mind.
And the reason that everyone's chirping me and you should be worried,
shut the fuck up about the Leafs, your team blew a 3-1 lead, understandable.
But we, once an Oiler, always an Oiler, played a good game.
We played a great game.
We had a stupid penalty at the end of the game.
They tied it up.
By the way, Victor Arvidsson, what a player.
What a little water bug. And that
pass, oh my god.
Backhand sauce right through the box
and Kopitar ties
it up and then he gets the assist
on the game winner. So ironically,
I heard Murr on Game Notes Daily say
Kopitar was the, or maybe Army,
eighth player in NHL history,
in NHL playoff history,
to score the game-tying goal and then assist on the overtime winning goal.
So pretty cool stat right there.
But these Kings guys, I picked the Oilers in seven.
They're no joke.
I also said whoever wins that series is going to the cup final.
That is a hell of a hockey team.
And Kopitar with four points in that first game, that guy hasn't slowed down at all.
But I was not worried because I think
the Oilers played a really, really good game.
You just got to stay out of the box.
Got to stay out of the penalty box. And they
weren't able to do that. And because of that, they
lose game one. But they responded
right back with a 2-0 lead in game one.
They got the 3-2 lead right now. We got to
close this one out. But the Oilers are where
they're at. And the good thing was, yeah, we lost the game that we shouldn't have lost.
But Connor was left off the score sheet, right?
Well, he has an assist tonight.
He's flying around.
And everyone is saying, McDavid, no points.
I mean, he could have had five points in the first period.
Like, that end-to-end rush, it was one-on-three.
He walked through those guys.
They weren't even there.
So I was actually pleased with how the Oilers played.
I thought they played a good game.
It's just got to stay out of the box late,
and you can't take a penalty like that in overtime.
So I was fine with that call.
I'm not a homer.
Didn't really leave much meat on the bone there.
You took my Arvidsson comment.
How about that play?
How about the play in OT, though, off the loss faceoff?
Edmonton snaps that drawback and he just pounces
right through steals that puck so they can maintain possession in the offensive zone and then it leads
to that goal which he I believe had primary assist on so you talk about the depth of that team man I
know you were ragging on me saying you weren't worried about the LA Kings are you at least a
little bit worried now I'll tell you I'll tell you who is worried I'll tell you who is worried. I'll tell you who is worried.
The whole fucking fan base who was throwing fucking garbage and full beer bottles at the
LA Kings as they were leaving the ice.
Classless.
Classless move.
If you're throwing a full beer at a fucking player on the ice, you're a scumbag.
And you're an idiot.
Don't you want to drink the beer that you paid 17 bucks for?
Like, I don't know what you're doing it might have been urine filled actually i don't even know how
you still have a beer they stop selling beer do they not stop selling beers in edmonton that would
be a place they don't get your big deal brewing here it's fourth overtime we're still selling them
so i don't know how that guy still maybe it was urine filled don't throw shit at players on the
ice don't be a dirtbag but you know what i'm not i'm not afraid to call out our own but i i i'm also very willing
to say that leon is something else he the first period of game two uh it's like he's like connor
at times it's crazy and just just i like where we're at. We've got to close this one out.
But, I mean, the fact that we lose a heartbreaker in game one
and we come back.
The Kings had their first shot with, what did I say, 15 seconds?
Were you surprised that McDavid was out there killing at the end of the game
in game one?
No, I like that.
And it's like when Mario Lemieux used to kill penalties
because it almost
it gives the team
on the power play this slight fear
in their mind like yeah
you're always a little more relaxed you're always a little
more lackadaisical
on the power play you got time you got space
well when Connor's on the ice it just puts
that tiny tiny seed of
doubt in your head that could maybe kind
of change the power play up.
So I like that he's out there.
Now, if a puck hits his foot and he ends up getting injured, I take it all back.
But I do not mind that at all.
I thought Corpus Salo was incredible.
That was the only other thing I wanted to say about the Kings that Witt didn't steal from me.
Before we go any further, here's a word from our friends at The Score.
Hello, Canada.
This episode is brought to you by The Scorebet Sportsbook and Casino.
The Scorebet is the best sportsbook for this hockey-obsessed crowd right here.
With a wide variety of markets and daily specials from us guys here at Spittin' Chicklets,
it's got you covered for everything on the ice.
So if you're in Ontario only, download the Scorebet app and create an account today.
You can build and follow your bets directly from the Score Sports app for the best possible experience.
With the playoff push coming up, you don't want to miss anything.
And the Scorebet also has you covered for all your other favorite sports and players.
Plus, there's tons of iCasino games any day, any time.
That's the score bet.
Download today and see how, quote, the best sports app, period, end quote, does sports betting.
Please play responsibly.
19 plus.
Ontario only.
Gimlet problem.
Call Connex Ontario at 1-866-531-2600.
Back to Leon.
866-531-2600.
Back to Leon.
One of the people on TV when I was just talking to Ken, they were saying that Leon likes the contact,
so it makes him maybe even more engaged perhaps than Conor
because he gets off on the getting hit and hitting backwards.
He gets off on it?
Well, he's German.
He's into all that weird shit.
Probably partying at the late night clubs in Berlin.
Biz will be getting off in like six more days.
Leon, yeah, he does.
You know what he's great at, R.A.?
He's the old Peter Forsberg reverse hit.
He got Dowdy with one tonight.
Dowdy didn't go down, but he knocked him back.
He's so big and strong that he's able to almost like,
yeah, come on over here. Try
to hit me. Boom. Shoulder to the head
or shoulder to the shoulder because he's a clean hockey
player, not like Michael Bunting.
Biz, great call at
Corpus Allo. He was ridiculous. Showed why
the Kings made a deadline move for him. He's a guy
Columbus was struggling. I don't think a lot of
people are clamoring for their team to trade
for him. Location means everything
in the NHL, man. He was unreal.
A 2-0 game.
He made probably four or five saves to keep it a 2-0 game.
Huge acquisition.
And I thought he was totally the difference in that game, Biz.
I agree.
He was stellar.
And what else?
Any other finalists?
Well, you know what's important for LA?
They got Velarde back.
So, Velarde goes in in game two.
He scores that enormous goal. Second period to make it 2-2.
So, I mean, you know, God help us if Fiala comes back.
I don't know what's going on with him.
What's up, Murr?
I got one more.
It's EBR rule number five.
If the home team loses game one, you hammer them game two.
Very rarely does a home team lose both home games.
And so far we got Dallas up 7-3, and your Oilers better hold on here,
make it 3-2, and my rule will be 2-0 on the season.
So that means you're going on the Devils?
So that tomorrow there would be four games, which is crazy
that all these road teams are winning.
But everybody but the Rangers and Devils.
There's an exception every rural, Ryan.
Actually, I got a question for you. on the play, the Dejan A penalty.
Lizotte, whether you thought he embellished or not, say he did.
A play like that, would that potentially use up a player's goodwill with the officials
if he's a good reputation?
In other words, they'll look at it later and be like, oh, man, he totally fucking dove.
Yeah, absolutely.
Maybe he'll cost them a call later.
Absolutely.
Like, oh, you embarrassed me.
Now I'm going to get you back.
And that's what the ref should be doing in overtime is looking for any chance to even it up.
Like you don't want to be deciding the game. So you could tell that you should have seen there was a tad of an embellishment.
Take them both and keep yourself out of the out of the limelight if you're the referee. Good stuff, pal. Good stuff. Wait, who has more tinfoil hats right now?
Edmonton fans or Toronto fans,
as far as the fucking blaming the referees for everything?
I think Islanders fans.
Islanders fans, for sure.
Frankie Borelli alone helps lead the way in that category.
But they did get hosed.
Are we going to talk about that right now, that game two?
You know what?
Perfect segue, I guess.
Yeah, tonight.
Well, six power plays for the Canes and none for the Islanders.
I think they did get one.
Terravine got a penalty.
Did he not?
Yeah.
But it was during their four-minute.
No, they were on a four-minute power play, and he got it during that.
So it negates it.
So they didn't get a power play.
Yeah.
No, no, no worries.
But the biggest missed call coming in overtime when Mayfield got stuck right in the face,
the player ends up going up ice and then coming right back.
And then that's where I felt like Sorokin was sleeping a little bit on it.
Did he think there was a delayed call or something?
It just looked like he kind of lost himself in the crease.
And what a pass by Jordan Stahl.
Oh, my God.
He sauces it over and fast cut it off quick. Or fast cut it
off fast, bitches. And it was
a hell of a shot. But yeah, Sorokin,
he saves that 99 out of 100
times. He was totally off
angle. Now the issue is
so Mike
Rupp released a video, pretty good video
in which he shows that
Mayfield actually kind of lifted up
Martin. It was Martin, correct actually kind of lifted up Martin.
It was Martin.
Correct, guys. Yeah, he lifted up Martin stick.
So he's almost saying it's not a high stick because he lifted his stick into his face.
Now, my argument to Rupert and Rupert game seven legend Stanley Cup hero.
I love the guy, but the ref the ref didn't know that the ref didn't know that he's sitting
there and he's fucking staring at a stick that, yes, got lifted up by Mayfield.
But then Martinook like swings it around and buries Wayfield in the face.
And the issue is the non-call is the main issue.
And the Islanders got completely hosed.
But if you notice, Mayfield kind of went over and was like bitching to the ref a little bit.
And then that play happened.
It was almost like, and I understand the heat of the moment.
It's really hard to kind of get your bearings straight after what just happened.
But you just got to get back in position and try to make a play.
And it almost looked like he was so disgusted and kind of talking to the ref.
And boom, Stahl turns around the other way and throws that beauty of a dish.
So just so unfortunate for the Islanders because Carolina goes up 2-0 in that game.
And I don't think there's a fan.
I don't even think there's an Islanders fan out there who thought they had a chance.
The way they looked at game one, their lack of goal scoring, but fuck, they got right
back into it.
It's a 3-3 game.
They did a hell of a job getting back into that game.
And they did get hosed.
No ifs, ands, ors, or buts about it. That's a hell of a job getting back into that game, and they did get hosed. No ifs, ands,
ors, or buts about
it. That's a high stick. The ref's looking
at it. It's in overtime, and
you don't make the call. Boom, it's in the back here
net. So a shitty, shitty way for
the Islanders to lose that game after really
deserving a win. But back to the bad
luck of the Carolina Hurricanes, guys.
Fucking Pacioretty finally
comes back. Beautiful start to his season.
Boom.
Re-injures the Achilles.
And then we got to watch Svechnikov.
What a player he is.
He tears his ACL.
Well, they got Tara Vining out there.
And he throws it on net.
And if you watch the play, Pajot gave him a big-time slash.
I don't know how it didn't get called.
Hacked his hand hard.
And boom, fucking broke his hand, man.
Rod Brindamore comes out right after the game.
Surgery.
That's at least a month.
At least a month.
It's just the bad luck for this team never seems to end.
And you feel bad for him.
Because, man, those three guys.
You put those three guys in.
Yeah, that's a fucking Stanley Cup winning team with those three guys.
100 biz.
With that defense.
And if Ronta can stay healthy.
And even if you can't
you got anderson and those three forwards that's a stanley cup winning team now i don't think so
how about that fluke goal yeah that's that fluky one murrell's who scored that one so sebastian
ajo sebastian ajo scored on on both games here on sorok, but there's one on each team.
Slavin's been a stud too, man.
That was the goal that killed him.
Sorokin cheating down and Slavin came in and snuck it on there from behind the goal line.
That was killer.
The Islanders had that game until that bad play.
Yeah, brutal loss for the Islanders.
Yeah, brutal.
We had some history, let's see tuesday
night thanks to a stellar performance from philip grubauer seattle won its first ever playoff game
stunning the avalanche with a 3-1 victory in denver to take a 1-0 lead in their first round
series the former abs goalie he was a 2021 vesna finalist with colorado back in the day
stopped 34 35 shots cracking got a goal in each period. They limited Colorado to just a first period Miko Rantan goal.
That was it.
Like, Biz, why was Seattle able to, like, stifle their offense so much?
What did you see?
I don't think we showed them enough respect in the breakdowns going into this thing.
Jordan Eberle, when he talked to Colby Armstrong,
he said the deepest team that he's ever been on.
And they fucking showed it.
When you watch that game, they even looked a little bit faster
and had that step on them.
And you look at Colorado, they're just not the same team.
They seem to have that top-end offense at that first line,
but really nothing behind it.
And after the game, I don't know if you saw that chippy press conference
from Nathan McKinnon where they were grilling him about,
they're like, what did you see from Grubauer?
And he was like, nothing.
Like kind of shrugging it off.
And hey, Grubauer's got something to play for.
I feel like he was, I want to say pigeon-tossed,
but he didn't feel like they offered him enough money to stick around,
and they ended up getting the job done without him.
So he's got something to prove this series.
And I mean, most of the it was it was Jones early on
and it took took him a while to really get going I thought that he lost his starting job but
as far as that first game's concerned man he looked like he was kicking strong I was I was
a little concerned about goaltending and defense they look good too just a team that plays in
unison and they were snapping it around and
they didn't slow down a beat the entire game just a well-executed road game and i think all the
pressures on on on the abs in this one boys murals you said it best they have like four of the exact
same lines and and i want to apologize to seattle crack andken. Something with me and what are the teams that first year in the league?
It's 1230 right now.
Expansion.
Expansion teams.
Like, I was the laughingstock of the Vegas Golden Knights their first year.
And now the second year for Seattle, I just give them no respect.
And, man, they come at you in waves.
And they don't stop.
And because of that, Colorado was on  they were on their heels.
I think at the beginning of that game, shots were like 8-0 Seattle.
I mean, talk about no nerves for a team's first playoff game.
And we've chirped Nashville for getting rid of Tolvin, and boom,
he scores Seattle's first-ever postseason goal.
So it was like that series isn't going to be nearly as easy as I thought it
would be for Colorado.
I still actually put a little bit more money on him after game one for the
series win.
I still think that that might be EBR on the fifth rule in EBR is like biggest
hammer time is tomorrow, Colorado game two.
It was great to see Manson back for Colorado.
That's big.
McCarr came back.
He looked phenomenal.
He lit up Bjorkstrand.
You see that hit, Biz?
Oh, yeah.
Yeah, so you could tell by that right away, you know, he's feeling fine.
So I think that Colorado kind of just maybe wasn't prepared mentally
and physically for what Seattle brings at you.
And like I said, nonstop, line after line, playing the same exact way. And I did find it very disrespectful.
Eberle thinks that team's deeper than the 2011 Oilers we were on?
Because that was a deep squad.
Do you guys not agree? That would have to be Merle's question.
You were deep drinking the beers at the bar
with that team and some other things, but you were not deep on the ice.
That's for sure.
I believe a certain podcast producer said Seattle is going to get their punches
at versus Colorado.
Is that true, Mr. Grinelli?
Did you say that?
I did.
I did say Colorado in six, but I said Seattle would play them very tough.
I mean, it's only one game.
It is only one game, but I did say they'd play them tough.
The three years Grubow was in the playoffs with Colorado,
18 and 10 and 29 starts, 9-2-0 save percentage,
2-3-1 goals against two shutouts.
So he, you know, he got the job done there.
But Biz, let me ask you, it's only one game,
but should there be any concern with the Avs
or is it just like, all right, one game, move along?
No, I mean, I think that they soon realize,
even though Seattle's a wild card, they're just in one
because they're just a fucking great team.
And I'll be the first one to admit I underestimated them coming in.
I thought Colorado would beat them in five games.
I don't believe that now.
This could go seven games.
And we've talked about that home crowd in Seattle.
They haven't even seen that yet.
So let's worry about game two first.
Merles, would you agree with what you're hammering Colorado in grade game two?
Hammering them, hammering them.
And if they don't win, I can live with myself.
If Colorado goes down 0-2, I'll live with myself.
But an even better bet is just take Colorado minus 150 for the series.
That's what I did.
That's what he did.
That's what Whit did.
You can live with yourself with that.
If they lose to Seattle after winning the cup, I'll take my money.
All right.
Moving right along to the next series here.
Oh, Bruins.
They took game one versus Florida 3-1.
What the hell happened tonight?
What did they lose?
What was the final?
6-3 or 7-3?
I shut it off after a while.
Yeah, you're like the fans.
You left at the seven and a half minute mark in the third period. after a while. Yeah, you're like the fans. You left at the 7.5 minute mark
in the third period. What a joke that
is by Bees fans. That's
a joke. We talked about the wave.
That's worse than the wave.
You're down three goals. Best
team to ever play in the regular season.
Crazier things
have happened in less time.
I mean, look at the Oilers.
Well, I guess that was a nine-minute mark and two goals,
but nonetheless, still a shitty-blown lead.
But, R.A., I just feel like you guys are so spoiled
that you guys are just willing to quit and give up any chance you get.
Down three goals, fucking see you later.
Oh, Vezna winner has a bad game.
Let's fucking send him to the farm team.
Well, it's only a fucking regular season award. Well, I wasn't at the game tonight. No? It's only a fucking regular season award.
I wasn't at the game tonight. No, I had the
game on until the end. It was 6-2. They got the
fucking third goal. Make it 6-3. It was
well passed over at that point. But
Florida's here to play, man. I mean, Lyon
played a great game tonight. Montour
got a goal. Who else? Chuck, man.
That kid's all over the fucking place. We've been praising him
all year. But I don't know. Does this put any
doubt in the B's head just a little bit like oh shit man like well fuck half
the team has a bug they got the bug okay there's a flu bug going around man that could take a lot
of energy out of you and just like the worst possible thing at the worst time as you had this
incredible regular season like if i'm the bees i i also think that you're in one and at the end of
the game you saw things getting chippy.
Florida's not going to back down.
They got some guys who can answer the bell too.
I mean, yeah, is Boston a lot deeper?
But I tell you what, man, you got Kachuk in the mix.
You got that Lomberg.
That Nick Cousins is a piece of shit to play against too.
So there's plenty of guys in that Florida lineup who aren't backing down.
Merle, what's that smirk for?
He's a piece of shit to play against. Nick for? He's a piece of shit to play against.
Nick Cousins is a piece of shit to play against.
He's like a bunting.
Maybe not as offensive, but same piece of shit mentality in a good way.
I don't know where the hell I get off questioning Patrice Bergeron
because I'm guessing it was his decision to be playing in the most
meaningless 80 seconds
last game of the season in Montreal
but what the fuck
is he doing playing in that game
and what happens he gets injured
and they
get to get through game one and
maybe that made it a lot easier for them to not
play him game two or maybe he's banged up
enough where he couldn't have gone but remember this was a guy playing with a punctured lung in the Stanley
Cup finals this dude will play through anything and they played him in that last game a stupid
ass game in Montreal and he's hurt it's fucking dumbfounding to me why was he playing in that
game and it fucked everything up?
Now, this series is like,
I still think the Bruins get this done,
but they got a lot of fucking issues
on their hands now.
And the one you haven't mentioned yet
is Sam Bennett.
You want to talk about a piece of shit
to play against.
And he came back in the lineup.
And what did Paul Murray say after the game?
He said, you look at Matthew Kachuk season,
you look at Carter Verhuk season, you look at
Carter Verhage season, and you always look at Sam Bennett around these guys because he's driving
the play. That's what Maurice said. He drives the play. He plays dirty. He hits, he scores,
and he came back in and made a fucking impact. So you don't have Bergeron. You get Bennett back.
Montour, who continues to just impress
game after game. The regular season
the record breaking points and then
the friggin two games he's had
like Allmark without Allmark
game one dude they could be down 0-2
so
you gotta respect Lyon too. A lot
of people thought Bobrovsky the 10 million
dollar man might go in because of that Marshawn
goal being such a weak game killer in game one.
No, Lyon comes back and fucking stood on his head for part of that game.
But it goes back to the Bruins.
And like I said at the beginning of this episode, I would say any Bruins fan will tell you that's the worst game they played this year.
Montgomery after was disgusting.
He said, I think, I don't know, traumatic maybe he used the word for the turnovers.
It was something dramatic. I don't know.
I'm out to lunch right now.
But it was quite obvious watching.
They were just throwing the puck away.
They were making stupid
decisions with it. And Florida,
they'll capitalize on it. And yeah,
Kachuk, he's so smart.
He's all over the ice. He's always in the right
place. He's made a bunch of beautiful plays.
What does he have, three or four points already in this series?
And so, like, they're going back.
Now, the good thing is it'll almost be like the Rangers at Prudential Center.
Like, that place is probably going to be half Bruins fans down in Sunrise.
So, I don't think the home ice advantage will be that enormous.
But you got the goalie question mark from King super fan RA.
And then you got the whole issue with,
with the Bruins playing that poorly,
but with what they've done this season,
I think they look at the film.
They say,
Holy shit,
we got to throw that one away.
That was not us,
but they got to be ready to go.
Cause they're in a series now.
They,
you know,
they lost the whole mice advantage.
So what do we do now?
We go down to Florida.
We get back to our game of getting pucks in, cycling,
grinding teams away, and not giving them goals.
They were gifting them goals all night.
Yeah, that McAvoy turnover was tough.
Yeah, tough game for him.
I thought that slide over by  is that why you want to pull him,
Allmark, that slide over on that goal?
That was pathetic.
That looked like you at the ball hockey tournament, all right?
On the Varhage goal?
Yeah.
Guy, I fucking lit it up in Detroit.
Don't know what you're talking about.
Yeah, he overplayed that one, and there was another one before that.
He just, you know, wasn't particularly shot, man.
He may be back.
I don't know.
I wouldn't mind at all if they do that.
Yeah, maybe you're right.
Maybe they should put Swain in game three.
I'll tell you who needs to go in is Matt Gryzlik.
And this isn't just BU Terrier love.
Forbert, a really solid player, missed a lot of time.
But get Gryzlik back in there.
Get the puck mover back in.
He's a little undersized, yes.
But you need to change something up.
And I think when Montgomery was asked about possible lineup changes,
he said everything's on the table.
So I'd be very surprised to not see Grizzlick back in there.
I'm concerned because I thought they played their worst game of the season
on Monday night and they got away with it.
And now they played even worse tonight.
So that's two bad games.
That's the two worst games they've played
all year.
You said Bergeron, it was an injury.
I thought I had it listed as an illness.
They had it listed for game
one, but game two they said it was
an injury. I'm being told it's an
elbow injury.
He's got the bursa sack.
The big fat elbow. That's what I used to get from
landing on my elbows. You see how ugly my elbows are?
Oh, my elbows.
My arms don't look like they straighten.
Every time I see them on film, I'm like, Jesus Christ.
Anyway, you can't really get a good look at my bad elbows.
But I used to land on them all the time, and I used to get that.
And he's got diarrhea.
All right, what do you got?
What do we got next up?
The Rangers made very easy work of Pasha's Devils the first game.
They beat them 5-1.
Panarin, two assists.
Kreider, two power play goals.
Filipino, one and one.
Adam Fox, four assists.
Pasha's voodoo doll, Patrick Kane, had one assist.
What did you see in this game, Bizdad?
What did the Devils do?
Pasha was right about one thing.
Patrick Kane did not look very good.
But as far as the Devils, hey, wakey, wakey, eggs and bakey playoff time.
You get that early power play a minute and a half in, no shots.
They get another one like four or five minutes later, no shots.
It took them a 10-minute mark to finally get the first shot.
They were completely asleep the first period.
Rangers end up capitalizing.
I tell you what, though.
Rangers D and Shusterkin saved their bacon.
I was talking on the broadcast after that first period.
Was it 2-0 after the first?
And then they went into that third period.
They should have lost that second period the way that they were managing the puck.
They refused to just dump it in below the goal line and eat clock
and wear away on that New Jersey team.
What's the last thing you want to do with the New Jersey team?
Is feed into their transition and their rush game.
Because they did it the entire second period,
and they were giving up chance after chance after chance.
But if it wasn't for their D, who did a good job where it was all one and done,
and any time they had any type of sustained pressure,
Shusterkin saw every single
chance coming in. Maybe other than that Jack Hughes when he walked three guys and went in
on Shusterkin and he saved it on his own. But I thought the Rangers deed did an exceptional job
of clearing the space in front of the net so he could not only see those shots and not give out
any rebounds, but like I said, if you don't have any type of net front presence and you're not
winning those battles, you're not going to score on Shusterkin on the first crack you need to get
those second and third crack so overall I thought New Jersey did a shitty job of starting the game
I thought as the game progressed I thought that they looked better in the second and third period
but right now if I'm them I move Meyer up from the third line to either the first or second line
to get a bit little bit of meat in that power forward,
and you just got to stack the deck up top.
I thought the kid line was also the best line for the Rangers.
During the second and third period when they couldn't get any competent
game management style play, Gallant kept throwing them out there.
In some cases, they were even double shifting them.
So if I was him i would
have lost it well he was losing it on the bench he was pretty hot after the the shitty turnovers
and not getting it below the goal line but overall if they keep playing like that they ain't gonna
win a fucking game i had boots on the game yeah i had boots on the ground over there thanks to
game time app and it was just it was a master class of playoff experience versus non-playoff
experience the rangers were blocking all the shots they were doing all the right things if you watch
the one goal on lindgren's goal jack hughes comes down he just curls and swirls on his guy he's not
ready to play playoffs he didn't learn there's that other level where you've talked about it
when you played ottawa that first. It's a different level.
The Rangers did it right from the beginning.
The Devils did nothing.
And Igor was a monster.
And Keiondre Miller, this guy's becoming one of my favorite players the more I watch him.
He's in the same trajectory, if that's how you say it, as Hedman.
He's big.
He skates fast.
He can score.
He can pass.
He's mean. So it was a beating i stopped celebrating the goals because pasha was next to me i was feeling so bad for him
so we'll see what happens tomorrow we're going to try to go again pasha did mention though that
the special teams are going to be important with yeah he did And we saw what happens. That Rangers power play is dialed. Adam Fox up top, the vision, the poise, and what a dish. It's like a shot pass to Chris Kreider. And shout out Chris Kreider. You got an original six team. He becomes the record holder for most playoff goals in the history of the New York Rangers. I mean, who would have guessed Chris Kreider would be the all-time playoff goal scorer for that team?
But he just gets in front and he scores playoff-type goals.
And you cannot take penalties against that team.
Like, they have so many different weapons.
They got the perfect net front guy.
They got the flank of Kane and Panarin.
And then they got this genius defenseman up top who,
with shoulder fakes and head fakes,
he's just like slowly able
to do whatever the fuck he wants up top.
So they got to stay out of the box.
Vanacek was horrible. I mean,
that was a question mark, right? Good
regular season, but I don't know.
That wasn't it. And
overall, Merle said it. It was playoff
experience versus non-playoff experience,
which is why I took the Rangers.
I expect the Devils to really bounce back.
But Keiondre Millimer, that pass he gave to Tarasenko in the first goal,
it's a beaut.
Most people shoot that puck.
He was willing to just have the patience.
It's 1 in the morning.
The dog's barking like a fucking madman.
I think someone broke into my house.
The alarm's off because of the fucking construction still going on in this fucking house.
Fucking bedrooms.
Bunting the bandit.
I got no bedroom.
I got no fucking garage.
So, yeah.
I don't know what's going on down there.
Good luck, honey.
What was I saying? Did you try to think of where you were? What was I saying? Yeah, honey. What was I saying?
I was trying to think of where you were.
What was I saying?
Yeah, Rangers, just a great effort.
And I don't really understand, like,
if the Devils think they're going to be able to play like that,
it's going to be over quick.
So Shesterkin's not going anywhere.
He's found his groove at the end of the year.
Come on, Oilers.
Come on, Oilers.
Oh, God, he almost missed it.
Yes.
Huck line. I'm going to go see what's Come on, Oilers. Come on, Oilers. Oh, God. He almost missed it. Yes. Puck line.
I'm going to go see what's going on with these dogs.
Another thing we got to complain about is the lag time in streaming.
Everyone's different, whether you're on your TV,
your fucking laptop, your tablet,
your phone. There's no symmetry
to any of it. 10 seconds,
20 seconds here, it's a fucking mess
as far as trying to keep tabs on that shit.
Yeah, it's brutal.
It's tough for the live bettors, too.
You're trying to live bet.
Whit's going to protect his wife.
Okay.
He may never come back.
Nice knowing you, Whit.
I got to apologize to the dogs, boys.
We got Yoshi.
That's our dog.
Well, Romeo's here as well.
That's my brother and sister-in-law's dog because two of their kids are sleeping over.
A little sleepover action in the bunk beds for the kids.
Do you know why the dogs were barking?
Because they're loyal ass fucking dogs. And I had the volume on too loud.
And they were going nuts for the Oilers' fourth goal, baby.
Oh, shit.
Let's go.
They had Bucci Gras and Kevin Weeks and Ryan Callahan going ham on Kane's goal.
That's why they were barking.
So I shouldn't have been yelling at them because we just tied up the series.
I just won an enormous bet.
EBR rule number five.
Regulation win for the Oilers.
I should have had them puck line like the Murr did.
And we're back.
And we're back and we're going to L.A.
So I'm sorry, Yoshi.
I'm sorry, Romeo.
I'll give you a treat after this.
Alright, boys. One more series
to get to. The Jets, how about it?
Gambling Corner, big pick that night.
They whacked Vegas 5-1 for the game 1
win. Hellebuck
vastly outplayed Broussard down the other end.
He only got 17 shots.
Hellebuck did save 16 of them. Broussard gave up
four goals on 30 shots.
The Jets outshot Vegas 31-17,
including 10-2 on the third.
Vegas just two shots
on the third. Riley Smith had five of their
17 shots, and no other Vegas
Golden Knight had more than two.
Jack Eichel, minus three,
two shots on goal in 20 minutes,
29 seconds. Mark Stone returned to the lineup, minus three, two shots on goal in 20 minutes, 29 seconds.
Mark Stone returned to the lineup, dash three, zero shots in 21-28.
Kessel, one shot in 11 minutes.
Just a tough showing for Vegas.
Merles, what did you see here?
What do you expect the next game?
I did not see much of that game because I was at the Devil's Rangers game, and then I went to American Whiskey with Pasha afterwards.
So I missed a lot of that game, but from the highlights
and from everyone I talked to, the Jets just shut everything down,
and I made a mistake.
I was a Jets guy for the last few years, and I jumped off board
because I wanted to trip to Vegas for the finals,
but I'm officially back to being a Jets guy.
I'm back on the Jets.
Pierre-Luc Dubois was a beast in that game.
Did you see that separation he created on
Jack Eichel when he went in the offensive zone
on that first setup? Unbelievable.
All the big dogs for the
Winnipeg Jets showed up. R.A., you're
the only guy on the podcast who
picked them in the first round, correct?
All of us were sleeping on
Winnipeg. Yeah, and I know
it busted my ass because I do have a future on them,
but I didn't pick every future bet
to win this series.
I genuinely looked at it
and said Hellebuck versus Broussard.
Broussard, he was on waivers
earlier this year.
Hellebuck's a Vezina winner,
a top flight goalie.
And yeah, you mentioned
Pierre-Luc Dubois,
Blake Will, a goal to assist.
Lowry had two goals.
The second one cost me some dough.
But just an outstanding performance.
Probably the best game
the Jets have played in months.
And you've got to think they're loaded with confidence.
And if they take the next one, go home with a two-nothin' lead,
that'd be nice.
But also, very, very scary moment for Morgan Barron.
He got bumped from behind.
He fell face-first into Broussard's right skate.
I don't know if you saw the clip I included.
I mean, inch from fucking losing his sight in an eye,
he goes in 75 stitches.
That might be the most I've ever heard a guy get.
75, goes back out there, finishes the game.
But you know what?
Not everybody was impressed.
Ian Kennedy of the no longer fucking famous Hockey News.
I don't know anybody who reads the Hockey News anymore.
I'm just not into the he took 75 stitches in return list in a period-related discourse
on Winnipeg's Morgan Barron.
It's not an achievement to celebrate.
Spark debate on facial protection?
Sure.
Glorify the harm?
Nope.
Like, shut the fuck up, you dork.
Are you kidding me?
Is this a Grind My Gears segment?
You know what?
It may fucking well be.
Dude, he grinded the whole fucking internet's gears, Twitter's gears, everybody. It wasn't
just me. It was like
trying too fucking
hard to take that.
It doesn't matter what he thinks because in the
locker room after the game, they kept referring to him
as a warrior. That's exactly
what he was for coming in. That's
an inspirational return that a team
can galvanize around.
They looked good the whole game. They looked like they were ready for puck drop,
and Vegas looked like it was regular season game 83.
Just a shit performance.
And, I mean, Eichel's not used to playoff hockey.
And I'll say he didn't look good on that first goal
and didn't really impress throughout the game.
And I don't know, have you ever returned come playoff time
where,
Stone, you throw a guy who plays 20 minutes and he's a big impact guy in a lineup.
Sometimes I can throw off the feng shui.
Yeah, and it's hard for him to just hop back into that.
I mean, the thing about the Jets is, and I'm so, this is the other one that I'm kind of like, oh, I just, it was one of those struggling going into the playoffs and
me not showing them enough respect. That's a playoff style team. You talked about the Lowry
two goals, Dubois playoff, Wheeler's a big body, you know, on deep Morrissey, not talked about
enough. What a season he had an assist. He just continues to produce offensively and the
goaltending. And I mean, I was watching Seattle, Colorado mostly. I was just really into that game.
And so I didn't see a ton of this game.
But I clicked it on.
I think with like five minutes left, Vegas had 15 shots.
I was like, whoa.
It wasn't just, you know, it wasn't just a 5-1 loss.
It was a total beatdown.
So now you're going back.
Like Stone, hopefully that first game you would think would at least help him
get his legs underneath him.
But after that, I mean, that was just a shit kicking.
So I guess looking at what R.A. said, it's so true.
I didn't even think of Brassois on waivers.
But, you know, he's good enough where I just looked at Vegas's second half and what they did and kind of just totally didn't respect Winnipeg.
But you saw Rick
Bonus do this with that Dallas team in the bubble right and that guy's had a lot of choice words for
a lot of players on that team and sometimes when you're going through the grinds and the battles
of the regular season and you're getting shit on by the entire hockey world pretty much for the
collapse it looked like they were about to have well all that stuff came
to came to not even matter once they got in and then you look at it like boys we've been through
everything this year we had the great start we shit the bed it's just been coaches disappointed
players disappointed each other well now we're here and let's just go and nobody believes in
us and that first game was the exact same type thing. I couldn't believe that kid came back.
That was actually sickening to watch his face.
And the guys pushing him from behind, obviously not knowing,
but pushing him directly into a fucking sharp-ass knife.
And I was like, oh, my God, that guy could have lost his eye.
And just to show back up with the cage and the Band-Aid, it's like, yeah,
that's fucking inspirational
for the team um rupper was on pat mcafee's show and and he was saying he talked to someone on
winnipeg and everyone went in pretty scared once they saw it was everything was gonna be okay he's
getting stitched up it just immediately rupper said immediately turned into holy fuck good thing
you're not single you know like the boys you think you don't get chirped,
but once you're fine, the boys are still going to give it to you.
But it's out of love.
It's out of respect for what you did and what you've been through and what you're going to do when you get back to the game.
So that Winnipeg team, I don't want to fuck with them.
I mean, kind of reminds me of a better Islanders in a way with the goaltender
and then like bigger bodies but faster and can score.
So the last time those two teams played was when?
It was the conference finals, right, when Vegas beat them.
So obviously that's five years ago, but looking for some payback
and looking for some respect in that building,
and they went in and just shit-pumped them.
And then when they go up to Winnipeg, they'll be having
the whiteouts like we got going right now.
Biz didn't get the memo, but...
I did with the sheets.
I did with Army sheets.
I had to switch rooms here because my Wi-Fi was shit.
He's got the Ethernet cord
for all that gorn always watching without
Mel around.
Maybe we'll get Winnipeg-Dallas-Western
Conference Finals and then we can,
could have a Creed Dean Everson and Rick bones fucking fighting rough and
rowdy.
After a couple of weeks ago,
do you see that clip is where they were fucking screaming at each other?
Oh,
I saw.
Yeah.
I saw Creed said,
come on over,
come on over,
buddy.
I don't want a Western conference trip to Winnipeg.
Also guys,
I was without healers.
Yeah.
So that, that, that series right now is, is, guys, I was without Ehlers. So,
that series right now is
I'm kind of looking for a redo.
If I could change one pick that I have, I would say that I would pick
Winnipeg over Vegas in a series.
If I got one redo.
Yeah.
My redo.
That's my number one.
I got a weird feeling
Minnesota is going to win that series.
That would be my number two if I could redo that one.
We shall see.
Overall, R.A., I know that was our last series.
If you have something else, go ahead.
After you.
Talk about it.
We got 12 games in, right?
What the fuck, boys?
Holy shit.
Is there anything better than this?
I need, yeah.
12 games. I need a vacation.
57 storylines.
Seriously, it's awesome.
I need to defibrillate.
The opposite of a defibrillator, man.
It's exciting, especially when you got money on the line
and you got fucking four games going on.
It's like a natural high you can't really replicate.
Right, Merle?
Oh, I know.
The only bad thing so far.
I'm sweating out these games.
It's been rough.
That double overtime the other night, I was watching with one eye open.
The computer on one game, Oilers on the big screen.
Kind of like I am right now probably too.
The only bad thing so far in the playoffs,
and I don't know if you Canadian listeners are having to deal with it,
Amazon Prime has a fucking commercial out with the girl with the mustache.
Oh, it's a dream haunter.
It's the worst.
It's a dream haunter.
It's the most disgusting commercial.
Gappy guns?
And for somebody who was a part of an overplayed commercial,
are you Paul Bissonnette or Paul Mistonette?
Time for a harder job.
This fucking mustache on this girl and this commercial for Amazon Prime
and looking at Freddie Mercury and then thinking she shouldn't wax her mustache.
I've had enough of it and we're 12 games in.
Wood.
And God knows how much money Amazon Prime spent.
It's probably going to be on the whole fucking run.
Wood.
Time for hotter's cock.
Wood.
That's what Army's just raking himself across the room to.
Yeah, you've probably got cream all over my sheets right now in my room.
We did a room swap.
Yeah, you probably got cream all over my sheets right now in my room.
We did a room swap.
Like what you said, that's it for the series,
but there was some huge news before the playoffs even started.
Brad Tree Living is out in Calgary after the GM and the Flames, quote,
agreed to part ways, end quote, after nearly a decade on the job.
Don Maloney was promoted to president of Hockey Ops and interim GM.
Daryl Sutter, he signed through 2024 after an extension he signed back in October.
But what's his name?
John Bean.
He's the Calgary Sports and Entertainment Corporation president and CEO.
I believe the owner or representative of ownership.
He met with the media, and it just seems like there's the media.
I'm sorry.
The team ownership is in bed with Sutter. They basically side with Darryl
instead of Tree Living, who, by the way,
did a fucking phenomenal job. I mean, he
lost the ham and Chuck E. Cheese combo
last year. He goes out, he brings in
fucking Huberdo, Cadre,
he praises the city, says how great
of a place it is to play.
You know, not falls on the shorty, he speaks
the truth about the place, and then all of a
sudden he's gone. It's just so obvious what's going on.
What a bizarre season.
That puts an exclamation point on just the most bizarre shot expectation season.
I thought they were going to pass last year's expectations.
I mean, you said Edmonton really ruined them.
And that's really truly what happened.
And with coming in after making those moves I
think the one name you forgot was
Weger I mean you could look at the 31
goal losses as a kick in the dick and
just not getting the bounces and but I
just I just look at it like coaching I
all the all the mind games that were
played throughout the season including
what the goaltenders were last year they
were getting the saves this year they
weren't.
And it looks like Looch won't be coming back either.
I don't know if you saw him clear out his Instagram.
I think he used to have a picture with the Calgary Flames jersey on.
He's no longer got it in his bio.
So there's been some collateral damage.
I mean, if I'm tree-living, I'm getting the fuck out of that situation.
And I bet you any opening job that's out there, including Pittsburgh, he could probably probably have it if he wants to he should be at the top of every team's list but as i said from the rumor mill i heard that he might go on to
potentially manage his old man's wealth or start helping with that where his old man's a billy goat
like he can join the family business he's a bright guy oh he is. I mean, Calgary's loss,
very bizarre that they're sticking with Sutter,
but I think sometimes when you look at how
cheap some owners are, if you have
money committed, and let's not forget
though, Sutter's also a year removed from winning
coach of the year.
Maybe that played into the factor where, hey,
they think he can turn things around after they
smarten up a little bit. I would imagine that
he called in and got a bit of a pee-pee whack,
regardless if they're keeping him or not,
based on his antics and how the season played out.
Because if he starts the next season the way that he started this season,
the fucking fans are going to call for his head,
much like they were all this season.
So just an absolute shit show.
I thought Tree Living got the raw end of the deal,
but maybe he didn't want to fucking deal with all the shenanigans anymore.
I mean, if they did give him a pee-pee whack,
it's kind of a hollow gesture because they obviously sided with him.
I mean, Tree Living did a great job there,
was probably planning on staying.
Now he's fucking gone, and Sutter's going to be there.
Not to mention his relationship with Kadri and Huberdo,
who he decided to fucking switch his position after his successful career.
I don't know, man.
If I'm a flames fan, it's a clusterfuck up there.
So a couple other notes here.
Oh, Whit, I had to go through Pearson Airport the other day.
That's fun, huh?
Actually, when I was getting in there and I was going through customs,
and I had to go through an extra line because I had to get a work permit and shit.
And the guy, you know, asked me, you know, what I do for a living.
And, you know, I never assume anybody listens. And so I have me what I do for a living. And I never assume
anybody listens. So I have a podcast
with a couple of former pros and I mentioned you
guys. And he's like, oh, Whitney, he's
familiar with this place, right? And I don't
know if he's pissed at you because
that's where he works or if like, I was
like, oh, yeah, yeah. They got the wanted
poster of him right next to the computer monitor.
I was like, oh, yeah, he
definitely for me, he goes, oh, he was 100 right. I agree with everything. I was like, oh, yeah, he definitely, for me, he goes, oh, he was 100 right.
I agree with everything.
I was like, oh, good.
Oh, okay, man.
He was in full agreement.
I'm not going to throw the guy in the bus, but he was like, yeah, it is a clusterfuck.
And when I returned home, I think it was yesterday, the day before, whatever.
I mean, two hour wait at customs.
I mean, I'm not like joining international here, but that's a fucking kind of a
redonkulous time when you go to other international airports to have to wait that long to fucking, you know, get to your gate.
You got a better chance of me handing Bree some divorce papers and hitching up with that mustache girl from Amazon Prime than ever stepping foot in that fucking airport again.
So I don't even care if people hate me there.
I'll never in my life go to Pearson Airport.
Rider has a hockey tournament.
Only way we get there, we're driving, buddy.
We're going Billy Bishop.
I will never in my life step foot in Pearson Airport again.
So it was 23 hours, and it was 23 hours.
I'll never get back.
Yeah, but it was worth it in the long run.
It was like my trip
to Russia. It was just hell on earth
but then at the end you're like, at least I got a viral
clip out of it and I had a senator
in Canada saying, listen
to wit. What fucking planet are we
living on? Except you didn't have a hefty
bag with 250 grand when you fucking
get out of there like you did in Russia.
Boys, any final thoughts?
Whatever before we wrap up this episode?
No.
I thought we had a fun time considering the players just started.
Yeah, it was good.
Lots of action.
Let me close with a little European action.
I'm hot on the European games.
And tomorrow's a really fun one because it's Czech League,
it's relegation, it's Kladno.
And you know who plays for Kladno?
Yeah.
Jager.
Jaromir Jager, the 50-year-old legend.
So we'll ride him tomorrow on the road.
Kladno, Czech League.
How are we taking him?
Money line.
Just wins.
Just wins.
Three game in Chile that he wants to bet on.
Just looking for wins here.
And it's just fun to keep an eye on Jagr and see what he's doing still.
There's a cross-country skiing event going on in Japan.
Merle's got a tip.
A guy's got a hanging toenail.
So that's a minus one and a half.
Remember when Biz said he...
Didn't Biz say he like...
Remember when Biz tried telling us he's like a diehard fan
of when they cross-country ski and then shoot out the targets?
Biathlon.
Biathlon.
He's like, man, I've never missed one.
Oh, anytime it's on TV, I'm fucking dialed in.
It's like Shawshank Redemption.
If it's on, I'm sitting there and I'm watching.
You've got to come to Sweden.
It's on every weekend.
Every Saturday, Sunday, there's an event on.
Biathlon.
You'll love it.
Division VIII game in Belarus where the one team's captain is captured in a cave right now,
so he's going to hammer the line on him.
Biz, I saw you and Army get to meet Pedro Martinez.
Good guy. Yeah, we were hanging out
with Charles Barkley
who wants to come on the podcast.
He's adamant about it. He's asking me.
I'll fly any day.
He's going to come on. He's a huge hockey
guy. He fucking hammers bets
on hockey. Hammers
bets. He's like, I know this EBR guy.
You ever heard of him?
Yeah, we played this little relay game against
because they had the MLB people
in studio. They had the basketball people
and then the hockey people. So we did this little
relay race and
they had Kenny Smith go up and shoot the free
throw and I was giving it. I was like, Shaq,
why don't you get up there? And he's like, oh, good one.
He was not happy, but we ended up winning
the relay race because I got in his kitchen
and he couldn't nail his putt.
So suck on that, Shaq.
Hey, how about R.A. LeBron right now just reading the first page of a book?
Like, yeah, I love this book.
Oh, yeah, exactly.
Actually, no, Biz just mentioned Shawshank Redemption.
This is actually the book that the movie came from.
It was actually four short stories by Stephen King, or novellas they call them.
And there were three movies made from the four stories in this thing.
One of them was Shawshank Redemption.
I'll have you read that right there.
Wow.
I thought he only read.
I thought he only.
Like, is it a horror version of Shawshank Redemption?
No, no.
It was, yeah, like I said, they're like short stories.
They call them novellas, sort of like novels.
The actual name of the story is Rita Hayworth in Shawshank Redemption.
The next one, Apt Pupil.
I don't know if you ever saw that movie with the guy,
the kid whose next door neighbor is a Nazi or he suspects it is.
The third one, the name of the story is The Body.
Do you know what the movie was, Whit?
Debbie Does Dallas?
Nope.
Stand By Me. Oh, that's great. I've never seen it. That's a? Nope. Stand By Me.
I've never seen it.
Wait, wait.
You never saw Stand By Me?
Great movie, Brace.
That's your assignment before our next episode.
You have to watch it.
He doesn't have enough other things to do.
It's probably
the best coming-of-age movie ever.
But anyway, three out of four stories
Where three movies got made
Different seasons, I've had this since high school
That was the original Goosebumps Choose Your Own Ending
Yeah, well
You know what, we're going to choose our ending right now
We're going to wrap up the show unless anybody has anything else
No, it's been a long day
It's been a great one though
Alright everybody, we're back to two a week
For the foreseeable future. Hopefully you enjoyed this.
We will be back Monday with our next episode.
Have a fantastic weekend.
Hopefully your team does good.
Peace.
Deuces.
